 All characters are 18+

*

My first sexual experience happened when I was a group leader at a pioneer camp. All group leaders were friendly and I had a relation with Olga from another group. 

This freshman was slim, long-legged with wavy hair to her slender shoulders. Although the girl was a real knockout, she was very shy. 

When we were at the white-sand beach I usually had a raging hard-on just staring at her tight swimsuit and her protruding stand-up boobs. We came across each other whether we wanted or not. I always watched her -- at a beach, at a canteen and soon. I noticed that she watched me too. With those brown eyes through her long velvet eyelids. We never talked much. It wasn't cool for guys to hang out with girls in public. I was very shy and all my body shook all over as our knees or hands touched each other by chance. I tried to revive those memories for a long time after that. I wasn't the one who tried to get into her hot panties. Many guys stopped trying when they found out that she was still a virgin. 

There was another group leader that I had a crush on and she was a real knockout, too. Her name was Sveta. She always wore tight, but revealling clothes that fitted her perfectly. All the guys drooled over her as she took the sun on a bank of the river. They watched her smooth shoulders, tender legs, firm tits and heart-shaped butt. I stared at her like any other guy and I often noticed Olga's unfriendly glances. I was confused: would I prefer Olga or Sveta?

The shift was coming to the end and there was a party given on our final night. It was funny to watch us then: guys danced in one corner of the dance floor as girls did it in another one. Sometimes girls danced with guys but it was putrid to dance with a boy at that time. Shyness had finally disappeared (it was the final night after all) and the first couples began going out somewhere. 

I collected myself and came up to Olga to invite her for a romantic slow dance. With lashes down like some innocent girl she and I moved over to the center of the dance floor. She lay her tender hands on my broad shoulders as I put my arms around her thin waist. I could feel the heat of her body through her the dress and it made my head spin around. 

Like all guys of my age, I had had wet dreams. I knew enough about sex from what the guys from my neighbourhood said. During masturbation I was imagining a stunning girl who was eager to serve my cock and my cock splashed gallons of cum on my belly in the end.

While Olga and I were dancing, her firm tits were pressed tightly against my chest and my hands held her smooth hips gently. My cock began getting hard from that long close contact especially feeling her nipples through the dress material. To make the story short, I didn't know what to do with the bulge in my pants. When Olga felt something hard against her crotch, she made up her mind to be playful a little. I saw her eyes close in pleasure and the girl started swaying her hips slowly. Olga was enjoying my reaction without any shame. 

The song had suddenly stopped and we had to go apart. Flushed, I went to my friends after I had whispered in her ear, "Meet me at a cabin after the party is over! We gotta talk."

I was lucky that I was wearing a long T-shirt otherwise the tent in my pants would be clearly seen in the flashing lights of the party. 

I had been looking forward to the end of the discotheque and it finished after a couple of songs. Now I could meet Olga for a talk but I didn't even suspect how good it would be. My shyness was still a serious obstacle for making a good relationship. I couldn't be sure whether Olga was coming. The most frightening thing was what I'd do if she came. 

When I came there, the girl was still away. I sat down on the porch's stairs of that cabin and thought about my next step I'd do when she was there. I was absorbed in my thoughts, when I suddenly heard the foliage's rustle. I became cautious but then I became relaxed when I saw my passion, Olga. Perhaps, she was too cautious of our encounter and she came up to me in silence. My heart started hammering when Olya sat next to me. It was the happiest moment in my life as I watched the moonshine going through her hair and her skin seemed to be white and shining. 

Confused, we began with some inconsequential chatting. We were both too self-conscious but after a few funny jokes we spoke like close friends about college activities, the pioneer camp and other stuff. My mind was making a million operations per second, planning my next step. I just thought it was stupid to sit up and speak all night long. I stared at her eyes and I read in them that she had been waiting for my first step. 

I should probably do nothing if she didn't interrupt me in the middle of my speech and asked me, "I want you to kiss me on this final night here!"

It was so straight that my jaw dropped. I tried to catch my breath, but her request was mind-blowing. I leant down to her face. Her eyes were already closed in awaiting for my kiss and her lips were inviting and opened a bit. In a moment I planted my kiss on her warm lips. 

It was my very first kiss and I really didn't know what to do, but Olga led the way. Her wet small tongue slid inside my mouth and I didn't resist it at all. I tried to relax and closed my eyes in pleasure. I liked the sensation and felt warm waves spreading all over. My tongue instinctively slid into her mouth in return so that our tongues started struggling fiercely. I was surprised by the way Olga's agile tongue was lapping up there. I imitated every move of hers and I entered in the flow in no time. Then her tongue left my mouth and the girl slowly licked my lips up. In a teasing manner, she nipped my lips tenderly and kissed them softly. 

All her vulgar behavior gave my cock a stir and emotions overtook me soon. It felt like a dream. I didn't know how, but my hands started caressing her naked smooth-skinned shoulders and neck. It was a new ground for me and I wanted to try something really exciting. When I thought that the coast was clean, I moved my hands down her curvy body towards her appealing perky tits. 

I already believed that I would be lucky and I'd be able to get laid, although I had never done it yet. But my illusion was over when we suddenly heard some footsteps and voices in the dark. I scared as much as Olga did that we would be caught in the act. Without giving it a second thought, Olga and I rushed to the nearby bushes to hide there. 

We had been there for a minute and we were afraid to let out a squeak. My excitement disappeared a little and I glanced at Olga. Due the circumstances the girl wouldn't resist whatever I did but I decided to act like a real man. I had to go out and find what had been happening out there. 

I took a deep breath and looked out. I saw some love birds took our place. And it meant that Olga and I would have to find another place to make this night memorable. 

As quite and soon as we could we left the spot and moved over to the riverside. There was a building that consisted of shower booths, locker-rooms, storage-rooms and a haystack. 

It was pitch dark and we felt along the wall until we found the barn door. After we had stepped inside and closed the door behind us, we moved over to a aromatic hay and flopped down on it. 

Without saying a word to each other, Olga and I immediately kept on doing what had been interrupted under the moon by the invited guests. We weren't on the shy side and our kisses were slurping now.

We were much into it and I was going to feel that girl's luscious body. I was sure as hell that Olga would take it for granted. When my hands were almost on her appealing tits, we heard moans.

I almost swore about it when we broke our hugs. Olga and I stared into the darkness and we saw a small lamp that spread a dim light around. We looked closer and we were shocked! There was naked Sveta, another stunning group leader I had adored, saddling Mike. Olga and I were shocked seeing that! I felt like I was spying on my sister or watching some porn flick on TV while my parents were away. 

Sveta was the one who stretched out her hand and turned on the lamp, because they were silent before then. In the light I could see her hair was tousled and her cheeks were flushed. I couldn't help but notice her pink nipples that were swollen. The clothes of this young couple were scattered around. Perhaps, they were thrown off in the heat of their passion. 

Olga and I looked disheveled. I felt embarrassed, but Olga was shocked with the top of her dress unbuttoned. 

Mike, the guy Sveta had been saddling, noticed us and shouted at us, "Are you fucking stupid or what? Can't you see that we're fucking now? Get your fucking asses outta here, you kids!" 

His hot temper frightened us and made me feel sorry for interrupting their last night of sex. I could understand him, because I was ready to kill anybody who had interrupted us tonight. Like people with a good behaviour, we were about to leave them alone but Sveta stopped us.

"Why, let them watch and they'll get an extra course in sex education in the most natural way," the girl said with a shining smile on her face. "By the way, I feel so hot, thinking that these naïve love birds will be as dirty as we are!" 

After those words the girl kept on making her swaying moves and Mike murmured and moaned in pleasure. It looked like they enjoyed our staying there. How could they be so straight?

"Yeah, we'll give them a fun-fucking-tastic lesson!" Sveta couldn't stop talking in her condition. "Is it your very first time, lovers?" 

Like in a trance, I just nodded. So did Olga but I could feel her hesitation. She was silent for a moment but then she added like she confessed at a church, "I have already kissed a college guy."

"Wow! It does really mean that you are already experienced," giggling, Sveta summed it up. "And I like you both so much!"

"Hey dude, do you have got balls?" Mike asked me.

I became embarrassed with his rough question and I didn't know what to say but his girlfriend continued her dirty game. 

"Mickey, I'll check it out myself and you can check out his little girl!" Sveta said like she was some kind of a supervisor.

Sveta rolled off Mike's sweaty body. At that very moment I saw his huge cock that had been inside her slid out of the girl's juicy pussy. I stole a glance at Olga and saw her eyes were wide-opened with astonishment. 

"Do you like it, baby?" Mike asked with uncovered smugness, holding his cock in his fist and swaying it from one side to another. "Well, crawl to it!" 

I didn't know what Olga had in mind but she followed his orders, although I found them very repulsive. She were on all fours and slowly crawling to Mike. Only then I realized that Olga was that type of girls who liked rough guys, not romantic ones like me. 

When she reached him, Mike rolled Olga over on the back. He began taking off her short dress and high-heeled shoes. 

I had been dreaming of touching her tits the whole evening but I failed. Just I had to be more insistent. Now I could see that Olga wore no bra under the dress. Although I was a virgin, I understood that the girl planned to get laid and I failed. What a loser I was! God, I wanted to be in Mike's place now! 

Olga hadn't lain much time there when she had only black laced panties on. Mike was the experienced guy and he lifted her legs up in the air with one move. Then the guy hooked the waistband of her panties and pulled them off. Of course, everybody there guessed that Olga was a virgin and Mike had to act fast to have success. I even didn't manage to notice how her pussy looked. Mike pressed his face against it so fast that Olga was slow to prevail it. 

Sveta's hands were so talented as her boyfriend's. As I watched my girlfriend who was being lapped, Mike's girlfriend undressed me so fast that I didn't even notice that. Only when Sveta's warm lips touched my naked body, I came to myself. I was sure it wasn't a new ground for her, although I had never considered her a slut. 

Her lips were getting me warmer with every lick. I just couldn't believe in the reality of what had been happening. Waves of excitement were filling my body and I knew that that night would be the night.

After her lips had warmed my body up, her mouth appeared on mine. I didn't resist it all since those two girls I had adored so much and I had dreamt of them in my wet dreams. 

When Sveta planted a wet kiss and her agile tongue darted into my mouth, her hands gently began circling around my sensual spots: neck, chest and stomach. At that very moment I couldn't think about anything at all. My head was spinning around and my mind was shattered. I kissed her in return as hot as I could. The idea of becoming the man during that group sex was driving me crazy. 

The girl's lips left my lips and I remained to lie with the opened mouth, gulping for air. I could feel Sveta's mouth on my body. Her tongue trailed down my body. I knew where its destination was and it gave my cock a stir.

My cock had already been hard-rock for a long time and I felt my penis being suddenly plunged into something warm and slippery. I looked down. 

The girl didn't waste time and she took it in her slurping mouth. It was my first time of getting a blowjob and it felt awesome. At the very moment I didn't care who I was going to have, my girlfriend or Sveta. I just wanted to get off so much. 

Like a real porn star, Sveta sucked it in really deep and her tongue didn't stop licking the head. I liked watching her the girl's head bobbing up and down my shaft and we never broke the eye contact. Her mouth was sliding along the entire length of my cock until she got her nose buried into my pubes. 

I threw my head back in pleasure and opened my legs wider to give Sveta a better access for pleasing my cock. I could feel her delicate hands cup my ballsac and squeeze it tenderly from time to time. It was strange that I didn't cum in her mouth immediately as Sveta's lips tightened around my cock's stalk. 

I was surprised by the quantity of new sensations that had overtaken me. I could feel the cum boiling up in my balls. From time to time slight moans of pleasure reached me and I was sure as hell that they came out of Olga's mouth while Mike was giving pleasure to my shy girlfriend with his tongue. 

After not a long passionate blowjob, Mike's girlfriend got my cock out of her warm mouth but she started jerking it off.

"Get her on all fours like the slut she is and let her watch how to give a proper blowjob!" I heard Sveta told Mike.

When I heard it, I opened my eyes and saw that Mike raised Olga up easily with one arm so that the girl's face was turned to me. 

Getting licked was one thing but giving head was another. I was sure that Olga would refuse it especially when she was called names like "slut". The girl would do it if only she was made but I was wrong.

Olga got on all fours of her own free will. Then I saw Mike's big silhouette behind her small figure and his stiffened cock swung between his legs. I was quite sure that he was going to fuck her in front of me and I was afraid of her being torn apart with his huge snake. God, I envied him so much. It was obvious that great sight, her pink pussy and puckered ass hole, was on display in front of Mike's face.

I was mistaken, the guy wasn't about to fuck her right now, he was going to fuck my girlfriend later. I thought he would fail, because Olga was still a virgin girl. 

The guy knelt down behind my girlfriend's ass and he spread her legs a bit wider. I could see that Olga stuck her ass up and suddenly started moaning. Perhaps, Mike started licking her virgin pussy. I glanced down at Olya's eyes but their look was blurred and her mouth was opened from waves of pleasure going through all her body.

As I savoured the sight of my girl in the position who only cheap sluts could take, my cock turned out in Sveta's thirsty mouth again. I felt so good when my cock slid down her clutching throat and the girl made slurping sounds as Olga watched it with the blurred eyes. My girlfriend watched how my cock go in and out of her tutor's mouth. 

I was being excited not only with the sensations of Sveta had been giving to me, but with Olga's moans that she had been letting out. 

Sveta pulled my cock out of her hungry mouth and squeezed it at the base so hard that some pre-cum appeared on the piss-hole. I noticed that Olga watched closely the way Sveta was licking away all that pre-cum and swallowing it as if trying to remember every detail of it. 

Then Sveta's agile tongue circled on the head of my cock polishing it off. Making sure it was licked clean, she sucked the half of my cock in and her mouth began sliding up and down the shaft. 

I had been all steamed up by the time Sveta got out my cock, glistening with her saliva. Then she did what I had never expected! 

Sveta just put her hand on Olga's head and pressed her mouth stained with my pre-cum against Olya's mouth. My girlfriend was enjoying Mike's tongue on her pussy and she was to slow to react it. I was surprised how submissive she was and I was sure that I should have to be rough with her too.

I heard these girls make slurping sounds and I saw their tongue lap each other. There was no pudency left in Olga. The girl was in a bliss from Sveta's wet kisses and Mike's mind-blowing licks. Finally the girls had broken their kisses.

Sveta looked at me and asked me, knowing the answer beforehand, "Did you enjoy it, macho?" 

I was tongue-tied, although there was no need for my reply. Sveta pulled Olga's face towards my cock and I was surprised that I could felt eagerness in my girlfriend.

Like a good slut, she just opened her mouth and my cock slid inside as Olga let out a long moan. Mike was a real pro at giving her a good time with his tongue. 

I saw Sveta crawling her way to Olga's ass that was high in the air. Her boyfriend immediately stopped licking the virgin pussy. I wondered what the girl was up to.

Sveta slowly drove her thumb into Olga's hole. I didn't know which hole it was but I guessed that it was her tight ass hole. Sveta drove her finger to the knuckle and Olga gasped, taking the half of my hard cock into her mouth. I was right, because her trainer confirmed it in a moment.

"Nice ass you got, girlie! We'll teach you how to please a guy with it tonight!" Sveta said and gave me a sly wink.

I was sure as hell that this girl never joked when it came to sex. Despite my girlfriend was going to be used, I looked forward to the coming hot action. I threw my head back and rolled my eyes in pleasure as Olga tried her best.

The girlfriend seemed to be a quick learner. She was giving head worse than Sveta was but the girl was really into it. Her lips slid along my cock and her hot breath burned the head so softly. Olga's tongue swirled around my entire shaft, making a slurping noise. I was surely having the time of my life.

I didn't see but I was sure that Sveta was finger-fucking the girl's ass while her boyfriend's tongue was lapping Olga's pussy. I didn't mind it at all now. 

Suddenly I felt my cock hit the back of Olga's throat. I was surprised how quick she learnt. Her throat was clutching tightly around my cock and I opened my eyes to see her angel's face. Then I understood why she was taking it so deep. 

Sveta's hand was on the back of Olya's head and pushed it so hard that my girlfriend's nose hit my pelvis every time. Sveta stared into my eyes and smiled. The girl was sure that I was happy with it. Then she removed her hand from Olga's head, but she kept on sucking so deep like she had been doing it before. 

I had never experienced anything like that before and I had never thought that I would ever take part in group sex. 
