 Once back inside the room I moved towards the high backed chair that was in the corner.

"Come and sit on the bed and watch me boys," I said in my sluttiest tone.

"I'm gonna put a wee show on for you to get you both so near fucking spunking. Then I'm gonna stop and you two are gonna shag the fucking shit out of me."

Connor smiled and as he slid along the bed, his hard young prick glistening with my spit he simply said, "You are one hot slut Anna. Christ I have dreamt of this for years."

"Oh aye!" I replied as I settled into the chair. "Been lusting after your mates mum have you?"

"Too fucking right!" was the reply from them both in unison. "Your legs have always had plenty looks from me," Niall said in turn.

"And those tits of yours too!" replied Connor.

I was now sat in the chair, my big purple vibro in my hands, legs splayed wide with my wet , shaved, married fuck hole on total display for them both.

"Like what you see?" I asked.

The twitching of their cocks told me the answer.

"Now watch, wank, and enjoy, slowly though I want every drop of your spunk!" I said as I eased the vibro head up my wet gash.

I then began to slowly fuck my splayed cunt with my huge toy.

"Christ can you take it?" Niall asked as he wanked his young, stiff cock slowly.

"Oh yes!" I replied. "And I can take both your pricks too don't worry!" I said as my speed built up.

My tarty black high heels dug into the room carpet, my legs drifting wider as my wanton behaviour fully took control. I began really thrusting the toy up my cunny, sending sprays of my fanny batter flying out and onto the floor.

"Fuck me your soaking wet!" Niall said as I really pounded myself.

"Nothing like I fucking will be by the time you two have finished with me!" I spat back at him. 

I was now in full, turbo slut mode.

As I slid the toy deep up my fanny I asked Connor to get my small white vibro from the top drawer.

I needed really filling up.

My speed was fast and furious now, my legs shaking and the white frilly maids cap bobbing loosely on my head as I acted the whore for my two young studs.

I was lovingly handed my small white toy and then Connor sat back on the bed. The sight of my two young admirers, both with hard, glistening cocks and tight firm young bodies was driving me wild.

I spat on my white toy and then lowered it to my arsehole.

"This will be your cocks soon!" I said as I slowly eased it up into my ass, all the while slowing my toying of my pussy down with my big purple beast of toy.

"Oh fuck yes," I groaned as the full length of my vibro tore open my arse.

"Oh yes fucking hell," I repeated as I slowly began thrusting both up myself.

"Holy shit," Niall said as they both watched the sordid scene in front of them. 

Their best friends mum, the woman who had driven them to football practice, taken them on day trips and spent evenings with both their parents was now fucking herself furiously in front of them. 

Dressed tartily as a French maid, with two toys whirring and banging away up both my fuck holes.

The boys were both staring intently and I could see precum shining around their purple helmets.

"Get over here," I said to them both.

I slipped the toy out my arse hole and let it fall to the floor.

They both took their places at my side as I slid my big toy from my gaping twat.

"Now it's your turn!" I said to them both.

Niall dropped to his knees and immediately positioned himself in front of me. He dipped his head down and lapped at my freshly splayed pussy.

"Oh yes lick it for me darling," I said to him.

Connor took his chance and grabbed a tit and squeezed it roughly.

He then literally fed me his cock. I love being fed cock. It's my favourite meat!

I opened my mouth. Parting my lipstick covered red lips and encircling his throbbing young tool.

Niall was lapping at my cunt as I sucked greedily on Connors knob. I then licked up the full length of his shaft to the very tip of his young lithe cock. I ran my tongue up and down his full glorious length, savouring the musky taste and the nectar of his pre cum oozing from his girth.

I groaned with delight as my clit was receiving some amazing attention from my young stud.

"Lick my fucking clit," I urged.

He obliged as I started to deepthroat the prick in my willing whorewife mouth.

"Oh yes!" Connors moaned as I slid his full length into my open mouth and down to the very back of my throat.

I gargled as he held my head and slowly throat fucked me.

"Dirty slut!" I heard him mutter.

As his cock emerged coated in my thick spit and drool, Niall was now kneeling in front of me rubbing his hard cock end against my open, married wife's fuck tube and clit.

"Go on then," I said to him staring at his face

"Go on splay my fucking cunt with it. You have wanted me for ages haven't you you dirty pair of fucking bastards. Now go on fuck me. Fuck it. Fuck my cunt now!"

I was wild with lust as his young, hard gristle slowly eased its way up my pussy. Past my lips and then blam, right up my fucking hole, sending splashes of my pussy juice spraying out as he rammed his rigid young cock right up me.

"Oh yes, fuck it fuck my married hole!" I garbled as I again took Connors prick in my mouth.

I was now being fucked with and sucking on my sons best two friends cocks..

And I fucking loved it!

I loved being a filthy milf for these two horny young studs. Boys I had seen growing up from an early age, boys whose cocks now splayed me and filled both my shaved, wet cunt and eager lipstick painted mouth.

I loved being dressed so cheaply and being so dirty in front of the two super studs.

The rhythm built up.

My maids hat had fallen off, one of my suspenders twanged off and my stocking rolled slightly down with Nialls hard thrusting force.

"Bend me over and spit roast me," I begged.

"Please, please fuck me like a slut. I love it. Oh god I love it."

I screamed at my two studs to use me like a whore, like a cheap slag.

"Get on your knees then you sexy bitch," Niall said to me.

I positioned myself on all fours on the floor, pushing the chair out of the way.

The bedroom window was open, the curtains fully open as well as I got into position for my young lovers. 

Anyone looking into our second floor room would have seen a middle aged woman, dressed in a maids uniform positioning herself like a cheap tart about to get fucked and suck cock on all fours.

"Come on then you two fuck me," I again urged them.

"Do me hard right here and now."

Niall positioned himself behind me, Connor again taking my mouth.

With a heave and a slap of my ass Niall plugged my cunny again with his solid young fuckstick.

Connor slapped my face with his hard cock

"Fuck me you bastards," I said again.

"Take it you filthy slut," Niall said, once again slapping my arse as he pushed deeper up my wet hole.

"Face fuck me too," I said to Connor who had now spat right onto his cock. 

"Lick my spit off!" he said

I lapped at his throbbing length like a cheap whore. Licking all the spittal up before he fed his prick right into my wide open mouth again.

They fucked me like this for a few minutes, Niall ploughing my snatch from behind as I greedily gobbled on Connors rock solid cock.

One of my high heels fell off, the other clinging to my stocking clad foot as I was treat to a great spitroasting.

They then swapped places and for the first time I felt Connors length split my cunt lips apart and ram up me.

"Oh fuck yes," I said as I bucked back onto him. I loved having his cock buried deep up my hole.

"Ride back against me you tart," he told me as I bucked again and again onto his thick, hard shaft.

Niall was now slapping my face with his cock and calling me all sorts.

I begged, literally begged for spunk.

"I'm gonna shoot off," Niall said as he thwacked his hard knob against my lips.

"Spunk on me then!" I shouted. "Spunk all over me."

I was still bucking back against Connors young cock as his friend began to spray me.

"Fucking hell," Niall blurted out as his first ropes of jizz hit my face

Connor was now spanking my arse really hard as I bucked back even faster onto his rock solid length. I bucked back like a wanton tart. Hard against his cock and balls, showing him how much of an eager slut I can be.

"I'm gonna spunk too!" he quickly said. 

As Niall continued to send three, then four more thick jets of cum all over my face, hair and mouth, Connor withdrew his spurting cock and sent a hot stream of spunk flying over my arse and over the back of my maids uniform. The last spurts landing on my legs.

"Fantastic!" I said to them both as they shook the last drops of cum off their young pricks. My face was a gooey mess of spunk and my arse was stinging from the slaps and the hot cum bath it had received.

After we had a wee laugh and I had wiped the spunk off my face, using my fingers and licking it off them. We tidied ourselves up and showered.The boys giving me a lovely kiss each in turn.

The next few hours saw me being fucked again by them both, this time dressing in the schoolgirls outfit. This time was the first time they double penetrated me, Niall up my arse as Connor fucked my cunthole.

They stayed the night with me and did me again dressed as a slutty nurse. 

On both occasions my arse, pussy and mouth were used and they spunked up me and onto me.

The last session saw them both up my cunt at the same time and they both unloaded up me, sending me home with a cunt full of cum. 

A married, unfaithful cunt full of my sons mates spunk as I drove home.