 Opening the door to the club was a rush. I paused right there in the doorway, alternating glances between my friend Cari and the lively interior. Bass from the music shook us in our shoes, strobe and black lights lit the dance floor, and alcohol lit the people. Cari and I had waited for this our whole lives and walked into the raging party with smiles.

Cari and I (my name is Allison) share birthdays, and we decided to celebrate our twenty-first at the club. We were both eager for some legal drinks, and more eager for some single guys. Neither of us were new to liquor or boys: we had plenty of both in high school, but Cari was constantly on patrol for a one night stand, and I hadn't had much in the testosterone department in a while.

So, hopefully and happily we surged our way to the dance floor and let it all go. We stuck close to each other, not wanting to find ourselves totally alone among strangers, and grinded like there was no tomorrow. The beat was hypnotic in its own way, as was the sheer mass of gyrating humanity around us, and hours passed before we knew it. Finally, on the brink of exhaustion, we dragged ourselves up to the bar laughing, hair wild, eyes free, ready to get plastered and hit on. Thankfully, those two conditions came at once.

"From the two gentlemen down the way." The bartender's gruff voice hailed to us as he plunked two unknown but very alcoholic drinks in front of us. We picked them up, simultaneously sipping and looking down the bar for our benefactors. They weren't hard to find, as there were only two men staring continuously in our direction: A young white guy with blond hair and the most electric blue eyes I've ever seen and a dashingly handsome, well-built black man. 

Cari spied them at the same time.

"Let's go Ally!" she said, laughing, "I call the chocolate!" She had always wanted a black guy; if he was uncircumcised her day would be complete. 

We settled at their stools, each seated next to our own man. Turned out they were both a year older than we, and both seniors at the local college. We laughed, batted our eyelashes, and showed more cleavage. They bought us more drinks. We told them about our birthdays, our homes, our families, and our school. By the time our buzzed chattering slowed, Chip (mine) and Marcus (Cari's) knew all about us. They bought us more drinks.

As we talked on, I noticed I was talking solely to Chip, sitting close and staring into those shocking blue eyes. He was dressed well, and I admired his physique every time I brushed up against his obviously ripped torso, which I often did. He listened well to my intoxicated rambling, making no overt motion but to wave another drink over to me. Of course, Cari was nothing if not overt, and was already seated on Marcus's lap, tongue deep in his tonsils. His hands ranged down her back and into the top of her pants, which I noticed for the first time were uncomfortably low. Her expensive thong flashed the whole crowd, not that anyone cared but Marcus and me. Of course, I'm sure mine was just as bad, but I couldn't see it.

Marcus and Cari soon left together, headed for his car. Cari shot me a drunken smile, her eyes swimming, and gave me a thumbs up as she stumbled for the door with the statuesque African American. She got what she aimed for that night, and I didn't begrudge her, knowing I would see her in the morning back at our apartment with a vicious hangover. I turned back toward Chip and his blazing stare and threw myself at him.

Thirty minutes and three tall drinks later (making a countless amount of alcohol) Chip turned to me. I was on his lap and he had one hand on my neck and one nestled at the top of my ass. Our conversation now consisted of whatever one tongue could tell another in each other's mouths, and had for quite a while, when he broke our embrace, pulling away and studying me with that sharp glare.

"Allison," he said smiling, "you seem like a good, generous girl, and you're so beautiful, I can't help but ask: Will you get some of my friends off tonight as well? They haven't seen a girl in ages, never one like you, and blow jobs would be all they needed."

After the drinks and compliments, dispensing blow jobs sounded like giving candy to children. Of course, I had never even suggested I would sleep with Chip in the first place, but something deep in those eyes made me think I had.

"Sure, Chip!" I bellowed with a smile, and followed with a stage whisper, "Plus, just between us, I'm on birth control! They can fuck me if you're nice!" God, I was desperate.

Granted, no one had ever showered me with drinks and compliments before. The closest I ever came was a guy giving me a beer to wash away the taste of his semen at a party right out of high school. He was a gentleman, but Chip now seemed a god. I mean, I'm pretty, but not strikingly so, with plain brown hair and green eyes. My nose and mouth are small but straight, and my skin is good and tan, but I'm still just pretty in a plain way. Thankfully, what my face lacks my body makes up for. I keep myself toned but not ripped, so my ass will stay round and my triple C-cup tits will keep their weight and size. Years of sports made my butt a thing of wonder for every guy I've ever had, and I take pride in it. Somehow it all balances well on my average five foot sixish tall frame. Chip seemed to think so at any rate.

He started to rise, and at first I thought he was leaving, but in seconds he had a pen and paper on the table in front of me. 

"Before I forget, this is just a college survey for my business class. You just sign at the bottom."

"Okay!" I chirped back, trusting him completely and signing the oddly-timed form with my name and age just like it said. I didn't care about some dumb survey, and I couldn't read much in my condition anyway. 

With no further explanation but a smile, he whisked the paper away and stowed it in his jacket, then offered his hand. I walked with him, hugging his solid chest for support, "survey" forgotten as he guided me through the happy, dancing mob toward a dark door in the back of the club. I smiled and stumbled, nipples already hardening against my T-shirt as I anticipated what I thought awaited me.

The door led into what I perceived as a huge room, possibly a storage room for the club, but the only part I could actually see was the corner of the room immediately past the door. A small lamp on the floor shed enough dim light to reveal a cot about eight feet in front of the door, a thick area rug beside it, and a dresser against the wall just to my left. It all had a clean but definitely used appearance: the bed was sloppily made, the rug was frayed and burned in spots, and the dresser was pitted and stained. Beyond this I got an impression of immense space but all was dark as the light faded beyond approximately ten feet out.

"Feel free to kick your shoes off and get comfortable, Allison." muttered Chip distractedly, eyes and thumbs tuned to his phone. "I'm just letting my friends know we're here." And he smiled.

I eased my shoes off, glad to be rid of the heels, and eased onto the cot as comfortably as my tight jeans allowed. One look at me trying to be at ease and Chip cracked up.

"Good lord you look uncomfortable!" he said as he chuckled, "You can lose the pants if you like, I won't be offended."

As if to prove his point, he pulled his own jeans off in one move and tossed them out of sight before pulling me back to my feet, swaying but steadier out of the stilettos. I leaned against him, my left leg pressed into his groin, hands on his shoulders. The masculine scent of his cologne and shaving gel wafted over me, and I became acutely aware of his organ growing inside his boxers against my leg. He stared down into my eyes, exuding strength and power, with that persistent smirk on his lips, and I was surprised to feel myself moistening in my thong.

"Oh Chip-" was all I managed to whisper before he kissed me again. It was a wet, fleeting embrace, with a flash of tongue as if to put me at ease before moving on. My nipples strained against the tight fabric of my shirt as he kissed his way over my chest. His lips brushed one, making me gasp, and he smiled at my quick arousal. Seconds later my knees almost gave out as he swirled his tongue into my belly button. He almost laughed as I swooned, but he moved along, unbuttoning my pants and blowing his hot breath on the top of my mound.

I eased myself back down on the cot, trying not to stumble, as he pulled down my zipper with his teeth and worked my jeans down to my knees, assisted by a slight wiggle from me. He tossed my jeans beside his on the floor and turned to marvel my body. Even I have to admit I looked good in the dim light on the floor. The tone of my abs was highlighted by the shadows they made on my stomach, my skin looked flawless, and my pussy stuck our just enough to be noticeable between my thighs. My shirt had risen to the bottom of my breasts when I laid down so I removed it, drawing a look of surprise from Chip as he noticed I wasn't wearing a bra. My protruding nipples cast shadows over my chest as they pushed outward, and I couldn't help but grab them, pinching and twisting slightly, breathing heavily. Their light pink color soon turned a flushed red, and they throbbed delightfully. I pushed my boobs together and moaned, feeling the juices starting to run freely in my pussy, and I giggled as Chip stared openmouthed. My eyes closed involuntarily as I continued to alternate rubbing and twisting my aching nipples, but I could hear his breathing grow heavier and sense his desperation almost more acutely than I felt my own. I stared through my eyelashes at the straining tent in his boxers and at his fists clenched at his sides. He gulped and groaned, his cocky confidence replaced by a look of anxiety and saintly restraint. I couldn't understand why he hadn't made another move to at least kiss me, and had I been sober his sudden celibacy would have confused me, but drunk me just decided to try harder. I smiled widely and stared into his tormented eyes just as I slipped one hand under the waistband of my thong. He shut his eyes and tilted his head toward the ceiling, groaning as I gasped and moaned under my own hands. The tip of the tent in his boxers darkened as precum soaked into the fabric even as his hands clasped themselves to his legs. He would have looked almost comical—sitting rigidly straight-backed on his heels staring at the ceiling with a raging hard-on sticking out in front—if he weren't in such moral agony. I pulled my hand back from my mound and put my fingers in my mouth, tasting the faint moisture that had blossomed from my swollen slit, and I knew Chip was about to snap. Then the door opened.

Like a bullet from a gun, Chip was on his feet, a look of thanks and praise on his face.

"Thank the fucking lord you assholes!" he breathed to the shadowy figures emerging from the club "It was all I could do not to break contract and star myself! Here, take these."

He handed each man a pill upon entering the room, every part the confident man from the club now that he had a positive direction. In my drunken, horny stupor I don't think I could have counted the men if I wanted to. I just sensed the masculinity and moaned in anticipation.

"Holy shit, Chip!" exclaimed the first guy to swallow his pill and materialize from the gloom "You get an A plus for this one! Just look at those tits!"

The other men nodded agreement as they got their first chance to look at me. I just smiled and batted my eyelashes, patting the cot beside me to offer a seat, careful never to leave my nipples unattended. As the first man got on his knees beside me, I began to notice the space around me filling with them. There were way more than just two or three! If I could have counted, I'd have counted eight guys, but as it was I just whimpered a little. My vision swam and blurred the multitude of faces leering at my pathetic display, not that I cared about their faces anyway. All I could focus on were the crotches of the jeans they were wearing, the shorts for some of them. They called out encouragement as I rubbed my damp panties over my clit and bit my bottom lip in pleasure. Chip appeared at my feet with something black and shiny on his shoulder, but my focus was drawn to his cock in his boxers. I glanced from inseam to inseam, the voices fading into the background as I noticed the effect I and the pills were having on my male audience. The few wearing shorts had tents that put Chip to shame and the bulges in the jeans seemed like mountains. I guess I should have felt scared, nervous, or manipulated, but all I could feel was the heat of my desire, the rub of my hand, and the sweat on my writhing body. One more look at the glazed, animalistic stares of my captors and I was ready.

The man kneeling on the cot by my shoulder could see my obvious desperation and desire most clearly. In a blink he was nestled between my legs, head held over my womanhood. I stared down at the top of his head, chest heaving with each desperate gasp, and groaned impatiently. My groan, however, turned into a moan and a shudder as he swiftly swiped his hand over my slit through my thong. He held his hand up into the light for the others to see, laughing and causing more laughter as they all saw the copious wetness gathered on his fingertips. I flushed slightly, but was more preoccupied with the way some of the men were rubbing the mounds in their jeans. One of them on my right—stocky but fit—had discarded his jeans and shirt and stood only in a pair of gray boxer briefs. His whole dick was outlined as he rubbed it to attention, and I gaped in wonderment as I realized it wrapped around his body almost to his side under the waistband of his underwear. Indeed, poor Chip was outclassed in this crowd and I would have gladly settled for his average size five minutes earlier. Now, however, all I could do was drool and dry hump the air, desperate and longing for the attention they were to give.

The man between my legs was dark-haired but fair-skinned and thin as a rail. Without a word he vigorously began licking my twat over my panties, causing me to yelp at the sudden onslaught of electric pleasure. With so many men panting and moving, the room had become hot, and the sweat soon sheened my lithe body. I shimmered as I squirmed under his quick and able tongue, appearing almost ethereal to the seven other aroused men around me. The one doing the licking was the only one still in pants after a few scant minutes, and they all sported packages that would embarrass horses, even under underwear.

With all the juices licked off my panties and thighs, the licking man finally stopped. I could have cried as he stood and unzipped his jeans, smiling at my agony. Chip appeared over him, fuzzy in my stupor, still sporting the black box on his shoulder and over part of his face. 

"Can you see them, Ally?" he said, smiling, "Can you see all that cock?"

"UUuuuunhhh," I groaned, nodding rapidly.

"You want them don't you? You want to suck their hard pricks and drink their cum and feel them fill your tight holes, huh?"

Just hearing him talk about it made my pussy gush, and I twisted my nipples with renewed vigor, arching my back and moaning. My eyes slammed shut in pleasure and I could barely find the room to nod again as stiffly as I arched my back.

"Well, why don't you come up here and tell me about it, bitch?"

The new voice stopped me cold, and my eyes flashed open, vision swinging wildly before focusing on the source.

"Come on, ho, I know you want it."

It was the man who had licked me so adeptly. While I had squirmed and twisted, he had completely disrobed, discarding his jeans and briefs behind him. He chose his words to inflame me, wanting me to jump on him, but all he had to do was wait until I could see that exposed cock. It stood out from his bony frame, curving sharply upward until the tip was vertical, like a tree sprouting from a dense patch of pubic hair. It was thickly veined and easily nine inches long. I wanted every inch.

Like a lioness on a weak gazelle, I leaped from my sprawled position with amazing skill given my intoxication, and wrapped my arms around his waist. The other men cheered as his rigid member hit me in the side of the face and I turned to look at them, gathered around me, smiling broadly. As if on cue, all seven of them pulled their underwear to the floor, revealing a veritable forest of bouncing, twitching, throbbing cocks at my disposal. I moaned into the thin man's groin, his body supporting me, as my gaze drifted from one dick to another. I gasped on my supporter's nut sack and slowly rubbed a finger against my swollen pussy lips as my gaze settled on the biggest dick in the room. It belonged to a black man that was built like an ox and more ripped than most models. His dick must have been thirteen inches long and almost as wide as a soda can. It pointed out and down with its own weight and his uncut foreskin rolled back just enough to reveal his smooth, glistening head. I whimpered and panted, not only at it but at the rest as well. Ironically, the shortest belonged to the only other black guy at seven and a half inches, but it was easily the thickest. Even his broad hand couldn't come close to wrapping around it. At the time I knew he would gape me, but I wanted it anyway. I wanted it from all of them. 

Roughly and suddenly the man supporting me palmed the back of my head, entwining his fingers in my hair and forcing my gaze back to his throbbing manhood.

"Open up, bitch, it's time to earn your keep!" His words shot at me from above, and with one motion he forced the head of his dick between my panting lips. I needed no more encouragement.

I might have been shocked or offended if I hadn't been drunk or hadn't craved his cock like a drug, but as it was I was overjoyed to taste it. Within seconds I had one hand clamped at the base of his shaft, the other cradling his warm scrotum, and my mouth sucking at his cockhead like a baby at a nipple. 

He gasped as my mouth enveloped his velvety prick. "Come and get 'er boys, get 'er and come!" he yelled between grunts, and the rest of the mob was on me.

Two more immediately crowded my face, slapping me with their meat and grinning. One was a redhead, shaved clean but for a stripe of fiery red hair above a dick so white you could see every bulging vein in it; the other was an olive-skinned Latino whose nine inch cock matched the redhead's in size, but it was smooth all the way down and his body was covered in a thin fuzz of dark hair that thickened at his chest and pubic mound. I moved my hands from the cock of the thin man who had first licked me and set them to work on the other two stiff pricks, jerking and deep-throating at the same time. This proved to be an efficient system, and I soon found I could let them fuck my throat while I jerked, giving me more attention to devote to my pussy and tits, which weren't ignored for long.

While I was dealing with the three at my mouth, gagging and spitting on their dicks, I had a man move to each nipple, another put his head between my thighs from behind, and two still off to the side enjoying the show. I moaned in a steady stream around whatever cock was in my throat as my nipples were sucked, pinched, and nibbled until they shone bright pink and pulsated, hot to the touch. I gushed pussy juice down the cheeks and chin of the black man under my cunt, feeling his nose bump my clit and his tongue squirm inside me. Three pairs of nuts slapped my chin in succession, streams of saliva stringing them to my face. Each of the three had their eyes shut tight at the pleasure of my hands and mouth, and they thrusted blindly for release. I thrusted as well, pushing against the tongue inside me, rubbing my sex on his face. I finally began begging for a cock, any cock, pleading with them to fill me so tormented was I in pleasure. All three of the men at my mouth smiled broadly.
