 Claire and I are on summer vacation in the UK. We've already seen Ireland and Scotland. We take a train from Edinburgh and came into King's Cross. After figuring out the Tube, we manage to make our way to the Airbnb that we had booked. It takes us a little bit to actually find the house because we aren't used to navigating the winding streets of London. In the States our cities are much more rigidly planned probably because they aren't as old. We drop our luggage off and relax for a while in our room which is basically a spare room turned into a suite. It is unusually hot and they've had very little rain, so I sit around sweating while Claire looks for things on her phone.

She books a bus tour of the city for that night, and we head back out to see the city. We take the Tube to Piccadilly and walk around the area until it is time for our tour. We're able to sit on the top level of an open-air double-decker bus. The tour guide points out the sights as we drive around the city seeing Big Ben, the London Eye, and the Tower Bridge which is not the London Bridge. By the time the tour is over and we're back to where we started, the sun has set and we head out to find a place to eat. As we leave one of the many pubs of London, Claire stops on the sidewalk and pulls out her phone.

"I found something else for us to do earlier," she says.

"Tonight?" I ask. "I thought you wanted to go back to the room?"

"Yeah, I why not?"

"No reason," I say, shrugging my shoulders. "I just didn't know is all."

"Come on," she says and grabs my hand as she starts down the sidewalk. "It'll take us a bit to get there and I want to be there before 10."

"Where are we going?" I ask but she refuses to answer.

After walking to the nearest station, getting on one line, and then switching to another, and then walking some more, it takes us about an hour to get to where we are going. We turn the corner and I see a building with a neon pink sign that says "Pleasure Island."

"Is that a strip club?" I ask and stop on the sidewalk looking at the short line of people waiting to get in passed the two security guards by the door.

"We always talk about going to one but never do. I figured there's literally no one in this entire country who knows us so who cares."

"Let's go then," I say and we start walking again.

We get in line and a few of the guys in front of us look at us like we don't belong. I wonder if it is that obvious that we don't really know what we're doing. The line moves slowly and then after a few minutes, I see a couple walking their way back through the roped off area.

"They won't let you in," the man says to me as he walks passed.

"Why not?" Claire asks and the couple stops and turns back around to look at us.

"They're only letting guys in. They said something about not having any female security guards or something like that. It's bullshit. They just don't want couples."

"Oh," Claire says and the disappointment is clear in her voice.

"Thanks," I tell the couple. "Guess we have to head back then."

"Wait," the woman speaks up. "There's another place not far from here. We were thinking about going there. Want to come?"

Claire looks at me and I nod.

"How far is it?" Claire asks them as we begin to walk together as a group.

"Like a ten minute walk," she says. "I'm Kathy by the way. He's Thomas."

We introduce ourselves. They ask what brings us to London as they can clearly tell from our American accents that we aren't from there. I try and figure out how old they are, but I can't. I would guess somewhere in their late thirties by the way they act, but they look younger than that. I suppose I'll look younger than I am too most of my life. My parents until recently both looked about ten years younger than they are. The way they talk puts me at ease and I don't feel like they're up to something. I hadn't realized it but I was on edge when we started off. Everyone has heard of those stories about the crazy things that happen to people in Europe. Although, it isn't like crazy stuff doesn't happen in America too.

"Here we are," Thomas says and points to a building with no lights on.

"Where?" Claire asks.

"You'll see."

We pass the building that Thomas pointed at and they turn into the adjacent alleyway. My suspicions are immediately raised and I grab Claire's hand tightly ready to take some sort of action of necessary. Thomas and Kathy look back and us and laugh as they can sense our apprehension.

"Don't worry," Kathy says. "It's totally safe, but it is a little different."

"You'll like it," Thomas says. "I can tell you two are a good pair."

Kathy turns and heads steps down onto a metal staircase I hadn't noticed in the dark. It is rusty and creaks loudly as the two of them descend it. Claire and I stay at the top not sure if we should just start running now. The staircase only goes a few feet down and then ends at a door. Thomas knocks and it opens right away. He gets out his wallet and pays the man who stands in the doorway.

"You coming?" he calls up to us. "The show's about to start."

Claire makes up both of our minds and she heads down the stairs. I ask how much it costs and then hand over the money. We step into the building right behind Kathy and Thomas. Despite the dirty look outside, it is very clean inside. It appears that the majority of the basement is just one large room. There's a stage that sticks out from the far wall and there's a door to the either side which presumably lead to dressing rooms. The only other door is one in another corner that is labeled "Toilet." The back wall has a small bar set up. The rest of the floor area is filled with an eclectic assortment of furniture from wooden claw-footed sofas to large armchairs to long couches. Interspersed throughout them are tables.

The room isn't full but there are a dozen or so people in the room other than us. I can see that there is at least one other couple there as well. Kathy and Thomas sit down on one of the long couches shaped like an "L" and we sit down with them. Thomas asks us if he can buy us a drink and we let him. He's just sitting back down with a tray of drinks when the lights lower and funk music begins to boom through the speakers mounting around the ceiling of the room. The doors to the side of the stage both open and two women strut out and then climb up the steps to the stage. On either end of the stage are two stripper poles and in the middle of the stage is a large couch.

"I think it's like The Secret Lounge," I tell Claire and she nods excitedly.

The two women climb onto the poles and begin to pole dance in their skimpy outfits of tight leather, fishnets, and platform heels. Their movements are almost completely synchronized as they swing themselves up the poles. They lift their legs up and then grip the poles tightly. Letting go, they arch their backs and then hang down upside. The strip off their tops and fling them to the people siting nearest the stage. The right themselves and swing around more still in time with each other and the beat.

They dismount and strut across the stage passing by each other. One grabs the other's ass and squeezes it. She turns around and playfully slaps the other woman's hand. They then continue to the poles and swing around again on opposite sides of the stage. They slide down and swing behind the poles so they are between us and them. The grind their crotches against the poles dropping low do the ground and the popping back up. They go low again and then sit down with the poles between their spread legs. They grab the poles and hump against them for a moment before rolling backwards and away. Then they crawl on their hands and knees to the front of the stage. The sit on their knees with their legs spread wide as they fondle their tits for us.

They stand up, turn around, and bend over shaking their asses until their panties slide up into their cracks and we can see their ass cheeks clap together. When they straighten up, the panties fall to the floor of the stage. They turn back around holding a hand over their crotch to hide their pussies from view. They switch sides again and this time the other one grabs her partner's ass. She playfully slaps the woman's hand way but she uses the hand that was covering her pussy. She acts embarrassed for a moment before the other woman shows her pussy as well. They dance around a little while longer teasing us and playing with their tits and pussies.

Then they turn and head to the couch. One steps up onto and sits on the back of it with her legs spread wide. The other kneels on the couch cushion and begins to lick her way up the woman's legs. Then her head dives in and we can't see but we know she's licking the other woman's pussy. The woman getting eaten out grinds her pussy on the other woman's mouth as she gyrates her hips around. After a few minutes, the one kneeling pulls away. She walks around the back of the couch and grabs the other woman's tits from behind squeezing them. Then she reaches down and begins to rub her pussy. The other woman begins to shake and quiver and she comes as she's played with.

The woman behind the couch returns to it and lays down on it. The other woman gets down from the back of the couch and buries her head between the other woman's legs. However, she stops quickly and then looks at the audience as if asking us permission. She stands up and walks behind the couch. She bends down out of sight and then emerges suddenly holding a double dildo high above her head like a trophy. She returns to the couch and inserts one end into the woman's pussy. She fucks her with it before pulling it out and sucking on it.

Then she moves to sitting on the back of the couch. She pushes the dildo into her pussy and fucks herself with it a moment while the other woman moves so that she is sitting with her ass against the back of the couch. Her head hangs over the edge and her hair dangles down. She arches her back and thrusts her hips into the air. The other woman guides the other end of the dildo into her pussy. She slides down off the back of the couch until she is standing on the couch cushions. The two women wiggle towards each other until the entire double dildo is swallowed by their pussies. They begin to gyrate and grind against each other. After a few minutes, they both begin shaking and moaning loudly over the music. They both come hard and then separate. They lay on each other as if completely spent.

They pull apart and head down the steps on either side of the stage, but instead of going back through the doors they head out into the crowd. One of them is still holding the double dildo which she gives to an older man. He immediately begins to lick it hoping to taste them. They strut around the room as if looking for something. Then they come to our couch. One grabs Kathy's hand and the other Claire's. Both women get up with the strippers as they lead them back toward the stage, but this time they do go through the doors with Kathy and Claire in tow. The lights come up and the music softens.

I look around the room and notice that the other couple is currently engaged in fucking each other on their couch. I watch for a moment as their bodies writhe together, but then Thomas asks me if I want another drink. I agree and he comes back with two more beers for both of us. I continue to look around the room as I drink one of them down in three gulps. Several of the guys who are by themselves have their dicks out and our playing with themselves.

"What happens next?" I ask Thomas.

He smiles and says, "It depends on what they agree to back there. It all depends on the willingness of who they select. Sometimes nothing happens and the come back out and continue the show on their own. Sometimes the people they pick—they pick guys too—have a strip contest. Sometimes they do their own performance together on the couch. Other times..."

His explanation is cut off as the lights drop again and the music picks up. The doors open and the two women come back out and onto the stage. They both bow to the audience like two actors at the end of the play.

"That means Kathy and Claire agreed to participate in some way," Thomas says to me grinning.

The two women stop their bowing and straighten up. They blow kisses to the crowd and then go back to the doors. They open them and Kathy and Claire both step out. They've both changed into lingerie as well. Claire has on a set of bra and panties that are made out of a bright silver material that is sleek and shiny. I immediately wish that they were actually hers and that she'd wear them for me at home. Kathy is in the same type of outfit but hers is gold. The climb the steps up to the stage and begin to dance and do their own strips. Kathy has clearly done it before as she even works the pole a little, but Claire isn't outdone as she knows how to shake her ass in a way that would drive anyone wild.

Claire is the first to take off her top as she works her way around the stage. She jiggles her big tits to the cheers of the audience. She places the pole between them and moves up and down as if titty fucking the pole. I look over at Kathy and she's now taken off her bra as well. Her tits aren't as big and hang a little too far apart. However, a woman getting naked in front of you is always sexy. I return my attention to Claire who is now thrusting her hips against the pole like a real stripper. After a moment, she walks round the pole and then to the front of the stage. She sits down with her legs dangling from the stage and rubs her pussy through the panties. Then she pulls them to the side and inserts two fingers into her pussy right away. This brings more cheers from the crowd.

Kathy senses that they're paying more attention to Claire now so she drops her panties completely and tosses them toward one of the men in the crowd. She gets on her hands and knees facing away from the crowd. She spreads her ass and then rubs her pussy before quickly rolling into a sitting position on the stage with her legs spread. She too begins to play with her pussy. However, everyone's attention is drawn back to Claire as she slides off the stage and walks into the crowd. A few guys reach out and touch her ass and tits as she walks by. She finds the guy with the double dildo and he gives it to her after squeezing her ass. She struts back to the stage and up the stairs. She sits down on the couch and spreads her legs wide before pushing the dildo into her pussy.

She begins to fuck herself with it as we all watch and Kathy is all but forgotten. She has only one chance to win the crowd back over and she takes it. She stands up and walks to the couch. She pushes Claire around so that she is facing her on the couch. She spreads her legs and inserts the other end of the double dildo into her pussy. She slides down it until her pussy is grinding against Claire's. The work against each other's pussies like this for a few minutes and then Claire leans in and appears to whisper something in Kathy's ear. The pull apart and both walk of the stage and into the crowd. They come right to us and grabbing is by the hand pull us toward the stage with them. They lead us to the couch and have us both sit down.

Claire quickly unbuckles my belt and pulls my pants down. My hard cock springs free and she immediately takes it in her mouth. She swallows me all the way down to my balls and deep throats me. Next to us, Kathy is also sucking Thomas's cock. I grab Claire's head and hold it in place as I thrust my hips back and forth fucking her mouth. This gets a cheer from the crowd as well. Claire is clearly the more skilled cocksucker of the two women as she expertly works my cock with her lips, tongue, and mouth. Then just as quickly as she started she stops. She grabs my hand and pulls me up. She pulls my pants down all the way and I have no choice but to step out of them and follow her as she leads me back off the stage. I look back at Kathy and see that she is staring at us and has stopped sucking Thomas's cock.

Claire leads me to one of the tables amongst the crowd. There's three guys sitting in armchairs nearby and each one has their cocks out stroking them. She sits on the edge of the table and pulls me in close to her. I motorboat her fantastic tits until she begins to pull my shirt over my head. Now that I'm completely naked except for my shoes, she lies back on the table and spreads her legs wide open. I rub my cock against her pussy and she moans in delight. I push my throbbing cock deep into her pussy and she half-moans and half-yells. I begin to thrust my cock in and out of her pussy watching her wetness turn creamy around the base of my dick.

I look up at the stage and see that Thomas is now mostly naked too and sitting on the couch with Kathy riding him in reverse. Her tits jiggle as she bounces up and down on his cock. I focus back on Claire and watch her tits shake and bounce as I repeatedly ram my cock into her tight pussy. She moans loudly and then turns her head to look at the three guys who are jerking off for her. She reaches out her hand waves them over to the table. They look at each a little dumbfounded and then jump to their feet. As soon as one of their cocks is in reach, Claire grabs onto it and starts stroking. One of the other men goes to the other side of the table and she grabs his cock too. She begins pumping her hands up and down their dicks while she continues to take mine deep in her pussy. The third man goes to the head of the short table and puts his cock in her face. She opens her mouth and begins to lick his tip making his cock jerk wildly in the air. He moves a little closer and she clamps her lips down around his cock and begins sucking on it. He fucks her mouth while I fuck her pussy and her hands work the two other cocks.

I look at Kathy and she's still riding Thomas. Then I look around the room and it seems like all eyes are on us. Several people have gotten up and are now standing around us in a little ring. Many of them have cocks in hand, but some just watch. There are also two women who have their hands in their pants clearly working their pussies. We continue to fuck Claire together and I realize the only other way she could be used would be if someone took her ass. The thought is extremely hot but is banished from my mind as I focus on the insanely hot reality unfolding right in front of me.

The man getting his dick sucked is the first one to lose control. He pulls his cock out of Claire's mouth and strokes it a few times. Then in loud grunting spasms he begins to cum. Claire closes her mouth but allows him to shoot his loud on her face. When he's done unloading, he shakes his cock a few times and rubs the rest off on her forehead. I put grab her ankles and pull her back toward me so I can begin thrusting into her harder again. She smiles as I do and I know she's in pure bliss. Another minute or two goes by and both of the men she's jerking off begin to climax. First one and then the other blows his load all over her chest and stomach. I look to the couch once more and see that Kathy and Thomas have finished and are walking off the stage and toward us where everyone is now gathered watching and waiting for me to finish it.

I look at Claire drenched in cum. Even after our sexual awakening I would never have dreamed to see her like this. She looks so hot when she's dripping my cum and it is even hotter right now that she is dripping three stranger's cum from her body. It runs down her face and onto the table. It pools on her stomach and streams down her tits and cleavage. She's a perfect little cumslut right now, and yet, she's still really only mine. I groan loudly as I begin to finally approach my own climax. Suddenly I'm faced with a decision with what to do. I love coming inside her and on her. Both are extremely hot and satisfying and I can't decide what to do. Then I think about it as a performance. It's too bad we couldn't have recorded this. We would have gotten millions of views online.
