 My wife, Brandie, and I hadn't had any kinky sexual fun in quite awhile, so one night not long ago, we decided to go out to a local bar, not our normal swingers club, and see if we could have some FUN!

Brandie, was just over 55 at the time, but could easily pass for 40ish. She wore a white button up blouse with a plunging neckline that showed off the top of her lacy white push-up bra, and all of her chest and cleavage. She had her blond, shoulder length hair nicely done and just enough makeup on with red lipstick. A couple of gold necklaces hung around her neck, bringing attention to her chest and nicely tanned tits, as if you wouldn't be "looking" without the gold catching your eye! The necklaces, white blouse, and blond hair all complimented and showcased her tanned complexion. 

She wore a short black skirt that had a zipper in the back of it running from the hem, upward, towards the waistline, so that you could unzip it and create as high a "split" in the back of the skirt as you dared to. Of course she wasn't wearing any panties under it, no stockings on her tanned legs, and she wore a pair of black satin pumps which had straps around her ankles. On her right ankle, she wore a heavy gold anklet that brought your attention to her flower tattoo on the outside of her ankle and also to her nice golden brown, tanned, legs, as if you NEEDED any other reason to look at her legs!

We went to one of our favorite pool halls, a bar with eight pool tables in the back of the bar. We knew the owner pretty well as we had been there many times and he was a friend of ours. The place wasn't very busy, there were a few patrons sitting at the bar and four of the eight tables were occupied with players. My wife and I sat on stools at the bar and had a couple of drinks, (I only drink soft drinks when I know I have to drive, and she likes beer and shots of Tequila). We made small talk with the bartender/owner and a couple of the young GI's sitting at the bar, who recognized me as a retired veteran from my hat. (We live in the same city near the Army base I was stationed at when I retired from the Army.) 

My wife was the only woman in the whole place and sitting on that barstool, showing all that gorgeous tanned leg, she was getting plenty of admiring stares from the men there, almost all of them GI's, who looked to be from about 21, to a couple of them looking like they were in their later 30's. During the couple of hours we sat at the bar drinking and making small talk, there were a couple of times that my wife had to slide off of her barstool and walk all the way through, to the back of the bar, to use the ladies room. Each time she did it, she showed off a generous portion of tanned leg and thigh and I think she even flashed a couple of the guys at the bar a quick look of her cleanly shaved pussy as she got off of, or onto, her barstool. The men, who were playing pool in the back of the bar, all stopped and stared, as she walked past them in and out of the bathroom. 

After a couple of hours of us drinking and making small talk at the bar, there were only two pool tables with players and still several people at the bar. My wife and I went to the back of the bar and started to play pool. 

As she and I played pool, the four guys on the other tables weren't too coy about watching my wife, as she circled the table and bent over to take her shots. Her skirt wasn't "micro-mini", but it was pretty short, and it did show off plenty of her nicely tanned legs when she bent over to shoot. Brandie had that zipper I mentioned earlier, unzipped a couple of inches to make a little short "split" in the back of her skirt. When she bent over the table, if she set one foot in front of the other, then her trailing leg went into that split and the split went way up on that leg, nearly to her butt cheek! This didn't go unnoticed by the other four guys playing pool and I saw all of them taking appreciative glances of my wife's legs and nice ass as she played pool.

We played several games over a couple of hours, during which, Brandie had several more beers and a few more shots of Tequila. She was feeling the "buzz", and when she gets a buzz, she actually shoots pool better because she is more confident of herself and "bolder", about EVERYTHING!

Two of the guys on one of the other tables had left, leaving just one couple of guys playing on the table next to us. My wife was checking these guys out as much as they were checking her out and a couple of times while we stood close together, she whispered to me that she thought they were cute, "especially the younger one". As we played the next game, my wife enticed them a little more by wiggling her ass needlessly as she lined up a shot, bending over so that her tits were nearly dragging on the table so they could get a good look at her cleavage, and even making sure that she was standing in their way a few times so they had to ask her to move as they tried to make a shot on their table. As they finished their game, one of them asked us if we would like to play pairs. Brandie answered them before I got a chance to, gladly saying, "Sure!"

They were both obviously GI's, one of them looked to be early 20's the other maybe in his 30's. After we started playing and had a little small talk, I found out one of them was a young Corporal named John, and the other a Staff Sergeant named Tom, both in the Infantry, and both in the same Regiment that I had retired from. As we played, I made small talk with both of them about the Army, deployments, war and such. My wife chimed in from time to time, she knows nearly as much about the Army as I do since we had been married so long while I was a GI, and Brandie's previous husband, and several boyfriends before me, were also GI's.

The guys both spent as much time as they could admiring my wife without being too obvious, I'm sure they were trying not to piss me off. Brandie was more "buzzed" by now and so she was being a little flirty with them, and me, rubbing them as she passed them at the table, sometimes if one of them was sitting in a chair, she might stand right in front of them with her ass right in their face. Once when I was sitting in a chair and she stood in front of me like that, I reached out and unzipped her skirt about halfway to the top of the zipper, which took the split in the back of her skirt almost to the middle of her ass when she was standing up. That meant that when she bent over to take a shot, her ass cheeks and possibly her pussy, would be peeking out through that split in the back of her skirt. She either didn't notice, or she pretended not to notice, that I had unzipped her skirt more than what it already was.

After that, as she took several shots, I maneuvered around behind her to see how it looked and sure enough, when she bent forward, her ass cheeks were in plain view and if she spread her legs a bit and set her feet for a shot, my wife's cleanly shaved pussy lips would peek out between her thighs! After I knew how it looked, I stopped taking up the space behind her when she would shoot, and left it for those other guys to see. 

It didn't take but just a few shots for both of them to get a good view of my wife's ass and pussy from behind her as she took a shot! I noticed that they couldn't help themselves, even though they were trying to be cool about it and not stare at this "other man's wife" too much and piss me off. I tried to let them know that it was cool and it was OK to look. When I would catch one of them looking, and he would see that I caught him looking, I would just laugh, smile, and say something like, "A great view, huh?" They would just smile; shake their heads and say, "Yeah!"

About then we ended a game and my wife went to the bathroom. While she was gone, I was racking the balls and one of the guys, the older one, Tom, got the nerve to tell me, "I hope I'm not overstepping any boundaries here, but your wife is HOT!"

I said, "Thanks, and no, you're not overstepping any boundaries. I don't mind showing her off to other fellows from time to time. She might not be as "HOT" as she was when she was younger, but she's still HOT, and I know men enjoy seeing what she's got. In fact, she likes to be appreciated too. When she comes back, give your compliments to her. I promise you she'll take it well. Don't worry about being too forward, or crude, I promise she won't be offended, and neither will I."

John chimed in on the conversation and said, "Hey man, I'm only 23 but I think your wife is fine, I don't care how old she is!"

About that time my wife returned from the bathroom and asked me what we were talking about while she was gone. I told her we were talking about her and her sexy ass. She laughed and said, "You mean my "old" ass don't you?" Then she asked me to get her another beer before we started the next game. 

As I came back from the bar, my wife had her back to me and was standing very close, face to face, with Tom, the older of the two fellows, holding her pool cue in her hands with the end of it on the floor between her feet. I noticed that the zipper on the back of her skirt was unzipped ALL THE WAY UP! I knew that the zipper stopped only 8 inches from the waistband of that skirt, (I had measured it before), and so now she was wearing a skirt that essentially was only 8 inches long! (For those of you in the UK, 8 inches is about 20 centimeters.) Now even standing up, her ass cheeks were poking out between that split in her skirt and when she bent over, nearly her whole ass and whatever peeked out between her thighs would be on plain display.

Later on, my wife denied knowing the skirt was unzipped all the way up, saying that it must have come unzipped the rest of the way while she was pulling it up to pee, in the bathroom. (I suspected, and still do, that she unzipped it all the way on purpose!) She also told me that Tom was talking to her while I was gone, telling her how sexy she was. She said that he was pretty bold about it too, with me out of earshot. She said, that he said things like, "You have got a fine looking ass and fantastic legs!" She said he even asked her if anyone ever gets between them other than her husband. She laughed, thanked him for the compliments and as for the rest of his questions, she smiled and said, "I have never cheated on my husband."

Tom said, "I didn't ask you if you ever cheated, I asked if anyone else ever gets between those sexy assed legs of yours?" About then, I showed back up and she never had to answer his question.

We started the game. I broke, and then I sat down in a chair to wait for my turn again. My wife stood in front of me and I could see that now, with that skirt "split" unzipped all the way up, that her bare ass was peeking out of that skirt, even while she was standing straight up. As John started taking his shots, I couldn't resist the temptation! I reached out and rubbed my wife's bare ass. She didn't object and even bent forward, leaning on her pool cue a bit, encouraging me to rub her ass. Then I slid my hand down onto the inside of her thighs and rubbed each leg up and down. I made sure that the other guys could see me rubbing her legs and that she wasn't making me stop. I looked to see if they were watching, and sure enough, Tom was watching from the other side of the pool table and John was trying to take pool shots, while watching what I was doing to my wife, at the same time.

On one upstroke, I went up under the skirt and Brandie, knowing where I was going, moved her feet a little farther apart so that I had easy access to her pussy. As my hand went between her legs, onto her pussy, I saw her sigh, and even though I couldn't see her face, I imagined that she might be standing there with her eyes closed enjoying my "massage". I rubbed my hand flat, forward and back along my wife's pussy, not letting my finger tips trail in between her pussy lips, yet I could feel her heat and the beginning of wetness between her legs.

Suddenly John, spoke up and said, "Hey! Brandie! It's your turn."

My wife acted as if she had been startled out of a trance and she said, "Damn!" We all laughed.

I stayed in my chair and watched as my wife walked around to the other side of the table and looked for her shot. By this time of night, there was only one other guy sitting at the bar, way up front from where the tables were, talking to the bartender, and we were the only people in the back, near the tables. The place was almost deserted.

Tom and John noticed that Brandie's skirt was unzipped all the way up and they weren't coy anymore about looking at my wife's ass! In fact, as she was lining up her shot, they both sat down in chairs behind her so that they could get a better view of her ass, and her pussy, that no doubt peeked out from between her thighs!

My wife bent over to take her shot and I have no doubt that these guys probably had a great view of some of Brandie's pink slit between her pussy lips as she seemed to bend a little farther than usual and even spread her feet a little farther apart than she needed to. I think the "SLUT" was doing it on purpose! My wife was doing what she likes to do best; showing off, exposing herself to other men. We had discovered a long time ago, that she has an exhibitionist streak in her and it turns her on to be "looked at" in a sexual way. I figured that she knew what she was doing, it was turning her on, and that her pussy was no doubt getting wetter by the minute! The thought that my wife was purposefully letting these strange men see her ass and no doubt her pussy too, made my cock twitch and jump in my pants!

She made the shot and had to line up another one. As she bent over for the next shot, Tom got up out of his seat, walked up behind my wife, pressed his groin right against my wife's ass and said, "I'll bet you can't make this one." As he pressed against her, Brandie stood up without turning around to face him, and after he was finished she said, "We'll see." (She later told me that she could feel his cock, hard as concrete, through his jeans, pressed on the crack of her ass!) 

Then she bent over again and as she did, Tom stepped back just a bit and slid a hand onto my wife's ass. I couldn't tell from my side of the table, but I suspected that he might even have slid a finger into my wife's cunt because she hesitated taking the shot for a second, kind of shivered, and I saw John shoot looks back and forth between me and what Tom was doing. I'm sure he was wondering if Tom hadn't gone a little too far and that I wasn't about to blow my stack! To make sure that everyone understood that I was cool with it, I spoke up and told Tom, "Man, when this woman is shooting pool under the influence of alcohol, you can't distract her like THAT, (with an emphasis on "THAT")! She likes that too much!"

About then, Brandie made her shot and stood up, (as she did, Tom withdrew his hand), she wheeled around to face Tom and said to him, "My husband told you so!" We all laughed at that.

She missed the next shot without any distractions and we went on playing pool. While Tom was shooting, Brandie stood on the other side of the table in front of young, John. To this point, he had been a little more hesitant about all this than Tom had been. But with my wife standing right in front of him and with the memories of what he had seen me, and then Tom, doing to my wife, I guess he figured it was his turn. 

I watched as John slid his hand up and down my wife's legs, at first not going any higher than her skirt hem. But since she wasn't objecting, (in fact I think I saw the "SLUT" even spread her feet a bit farther apart to encourage him, making my cock twitch again!), I saw his hand disappear up under her skirt. Of course I couldn't tell exactly what he was doing because I couldn't see it, but I saw my wife close her eyes, kind of lean forward on her pool cue and bite her lower lip. I figured the guy had a finger or two in my wife's pussy!

Brandie later told me that John hadn't actually slid any fingers up inside of her, but he had rubbed his hand flat on her pussy, letting a finger tip trail along between her pussy lips and across her clit. She said that by this time, she was so turned on by teasing these guys, and the touching she had gotten from me, and then Tom, that her pussy was very wet and John's finger tip almost "fell" into her slit without him really having to force it. She also said that each time his finger tip touched her clit that he made her shiver and she didn't want him to stop, in fact she was ready for more!

Tom made a couple of shots and was taking a lot of time doing it, because he kept shooting glances over at his buddy John and watching the same show that I was. Tom missed the next shot, probably because he was too engrossed in what John was doing to Brandie!

It was my turn next, so Brandie kept standing in front of John, obviously enjoying whatever it was he was doing to her. As I walked around to that side of the table, my wife opened her eyes, looked at me, and made a face, kind of puckering her lips and blowing a little silent whistle, that told me she was enjoying having young John's hand/fingers on her pussy right there in the pool room!

I took a shot and missed, (on purpose), so that it would be John's turn and we could end what they were doing before it went too far. I wanted to extend this "teasing" and grab ass game a little longer and I knew if my wife stood there with John much longer, that she might just orgasm and then the "sex game" would be on! I quickly said, "It's your turn John."

My wife stepped away from him and walked around the table to get her beer and as she did, she said, "And not a moment too soon!" We all laughed very loud about that and it took a couple of minutes before John could settle down and take a shot.

While John was shooting, Brandie was standing to the right/front of our table, while I was sitting in a chair, back to the wall, with my right arm on the table and sipping my drink. Tom was standing to my wife's right side. Since I was in the chair, I was sitting slightly behind them and I saw Tom boldly reach his left hand down and start rubbing my wife's bare ass through that slit in her skirt. I love it when a man is bold enough to make that kind of forward advance on my wife while I'm sitting right there to see it. I also love to watch as my "SLUTTY" wife, just stands there and "takes it"! When my wife willingly lets another man fondle her in a sexual way, while I'm right there to see it, that tells me that she's HOT, horny, and willing to act like a "SLUT" while I'm watching. NOTHING turns me on more than to see her acting that way! Tom looked over his left shoulder and down at me, I just smiled and nodded my head in a "yes" motion to let him know I was cool with it.

I had a perfect view as this other man rubbed his hand all over my wife's bare ass. John was taking his time making a couple of shots in a row and so Tom sat down in a chair and he was now slightly behind my wife the same way I was. Tom kept rubbing Brandie's ass and then her legs, sliding his hand up and down the inside of her thighs. My wife loves to have a man rubbing the inside of her thighs and legs, it really turns her on, and so I knew she was enjoying the treatment that Tom was giving her. He looked over at me and said, "Man! Your wife has a gorgeous ass and legs!"

I responded, "Yeah, I agree. I have been enjoying them for many years! But her pussy is even better than her legs!"

Up to that point, my wife had been standing there, obviously knowing this other guy was feeling her up with me watching and hearing us talk about "her", as if she wasn't even there, and she hadn't moved a muscle. When she heard me mention her pussy, she slid her right foot out a bit and Tom instantly took the bait and slid his hand between my wife's legs and started rubbing his hand flat against her pussy. As his hand hit her pussy, I saw Brandie kind of shudder, and lean a little forward on her pool cue. Then I asked him, "You felt that a little bit ago over there on the other side of the table, didn't you?"
