 I was finally getting out of this college town. After 5 years in a rural city I was ready to leave. It was 2 weeks before Christmas and I was looking forward to some quite time at home with the family before heading off to medical school. My best friend and partner in crime, Jon, and I had just finished loading what was almost the last of the stuff in my apartment into the back of my grandfathers pickup. I closed the back up, made sure the top was laid down correctly, and locked securely. 

"Time for a drink buddy," I said as I pulled the truck around to the front of the apartment complex.

"Yes, indeed.," he replied, with his thick British accent.

We walked down the hill towards our favorite watering hole, The Tavern just as the sun was setting. The night before the owner and his wife had thrown me a huge going away party and it seemed that everyone in town had made it through to say goodbye (another fantastic story). I had graduated from the University the previous year and had been working and applying to medical schools since. I had heard 2 months earlier that I had been accepted and was extremely excited at the prospect of leaving, and extremely sad to leave the friends that I had made. 

"Hey, Zip, can I get a couple of MoJo's please?" I asked the owner as we passed through the back door of the bar and sat down. 

Two hours and several more beers later put Jon and I in a good mood, feeling much better after all the heavy moving we had done earlier. We decided to head downtown to Drunkards Corner to meet up with some old friends for another goodbye party and reminisce over the "Glory Days". Jon's car was at his parents house so we took my grandfather's truck. 

Liza, Janet, and Richard met us at the front door and we grabbed a booth in the corner. Tuesday night was $1.50 local beer night and we horsed around and made noise for the next couple of hours. The more personal goodbye ended after the first hour as friends made their way to and fro, talking and laughing. 

At 2am the bar closed and we were all thrown to the curb. Liza had met up with an ex-boyfriend and he invited us all over to his place across the street. Not wanting to go home I stumbled myself across the parking lot laughing and thoroughly enjoying my last night in town. As I glanced around to check out the entourage of people walking down the cobblestone pathway that lead the way to this guy's apartment and I noticed two girls that I had seen earlier in the bar. One was about 5'8, blonde, 125 pound, beauty queen with breasts that filled a full B cup bra quite nicely. Her toned body was a golden brown color and the jeans she was wearing fit her perfectly with an U shaped curve that followed up her leg, across her pelvis and back down the other leg. The other was a shorter, 5'3" brunette woman of about 23. She wasn't as beautiful as her friend but she made up for it with a set of breasts that looked to be 36D that I swore to myself must be fake since she weighed all of 100 pounds soaking wet. Her sweater was modest, but had a button neckline with two buttons undone that just showed the top of her breasts. I recognized the blonde from around town but I had never met her, and I didn't recognize the brunette. I made a mental note to introduce myself shortly.

We arrived at this guy/s pad and settled in, talking and laughing. The ex-boyfriend offered me a hash pipe and I happily enjoyed a pull or two or seven. Afterwards I saw the brunette standing by herself in the corner and went to introduce myself.

"Hi, how are you this fine evening darling?" I asked with a bit of a British accent I had picked up from my friend. 

"Good, how are you?" she replied with a thick Latin accent. 

"I'm doing fantastic, where are you from?" I asked. 

"I am here visiting my neighbor and we are from Brazil," the beautiful sutras replied.

"Ah, do you speak Spanish?" I asked, as I was 2 weeks short of leaving for Mexico. 

She replied yes, and I did the best I could with my terrible (at the time) Spanish and English to communicate with this vixen. 

After an hour, I had learned that she was visiting her friend who was doing a foreign exchange program to learn English. I also learned that her name was Jazel and that she had a boyfriend with whom she had been dating for the past couple of years and wasn't too terribly thrilled about returning to visit. We chatted about several non-important topic over the hour, in English and Spanish , after which her sexy blonde friend came over and informed her that it was time to go.

"Where did you lovely ladies park?" I inquired, "I would be more than willing to walk you to your car."

"How sweet of you," Jazel said, "We are just around the corner."

Jazel's friend, the blonde, whose name was Yesinia spoke to Jazel in Portuguese, which I did not understand and turned to me and thanked me with a kiss on my cheek for offering to walk them to their car. 

"Please, it's no problem at all." I replied. 

So I escorted two of the most beautiful women that I had ever had the opportunity to met, let alone perform some random act of kindness to, out the door. Outside, I decided it was best to remain silent as the two women talked in Portuguese. About halfway back towards the parking lot, Liza's ex-boyfriend came screaming out of the apartment.

"Mother f'er, give me back my goddamn pipe," he demanded. 

"Wow, dude, I was walking these ladies to their car and I was going to be right back," I replied.

"You're not welcome back Mo-Fo, so beat it," he said.

Without a witty reply at hand, I handed him the pipe that I had mistakenly placed in my pocket and followed after the two sexy Brazilian women.

"Well ladies," I said, "looks like I am going home as well." 

"Why don't we go with you to your place then?" the tall sultry blonde, Yesenia, asked. 

We were standing in the parking lot at this point, with in eyesight of my grandfather's truck. I was completely taken aback by this comment. Are these two beautiful Brazilian women really inviting themselves back to my place?, I asked myself.

"Where did you ladies park, and I will go with you back to my place," I replied. "I'm not able to drive at the moment." Which was partly true since I had been drinking all afternoon, and partly a lie since I still didn't believe that they would actually follow me home.

As I climbed into their car, which was remarkably close to the truck, I was still clueless to that which was about to unfold but began running through the possibilities and was getting excited. 

"Where do you live?" asked Jazel, whom was driving.

I guided them back to my barren apartment and as we passed through the front door it became increasing obvious that I was either just moving in or just moving out. This did not seem to phase either of the two women as they inquired whether I had anything to drink, and for a place to sit. As my apartment was completely empty, minus my king size mattress (without a frame or a box spring) and a large mirror resting upon the wall behind it, I replied,

"Well, the bedroom has my bed, and I've got," as I scrambled through the kitchen and fridge, "two beers and half a bottle of Merlot."

"Perfect," Yesenia replied as she grabbed a beer and handed the bottle of wine to Jazel. "She needs this more than I do." 

All thoughts of the friends that I had left at the party dissipated as they both grabbed a hold of my arms and literally dragged me into the bedroom. "I must be dreaming," I thought to myself, "There is no way that this is happening," As for the past 20 minutes the thoughts I had in the car had turned even more dirty and I was fully erect at this time. My seven inch cock was throbbing against my leg as I was being led towards my bedroom. 

"Ladies, you are going to have to excuse me, as I need to use the bathroom." I said, trying to stall. 

"Me first," was the simultaneous reply from the girls. 

Instead of waiting for the girls to finish, I used the sliding glass door that we had used only hours ago to load the truck up and urinated outside on the bush that was perfectly placed for this purpose. I was cleaning up the kitchen after washing my hands in the kitchen sink, still in disbelief of my good fortune, as the girls tumbled out of the bathroom. They had obviously been doing more than just "using' the bathroom. Jazel's sweater was missing the other two buttons and her larger, beautiful breasts were displaying a large amount of cleavage and seemed to glisten in the light from the bathroom. Yesenia hadn't bothered to put her jeans back on and her beautiful bronzed legs seemed to glow. She noticed me staring at her legs and performed a twirl for me to get a better view. As she turned around, her butt came slowly into view. The very first thing I noticed was that her tanned legs never seemed end. At the top was a nice plum shaped ass that was also tanned. A barely noticeable pink thong snaked it's down and disappeared into the U-shaped curve that I was excited to see was not just a product of the jeans. As it seemed to take forever for her to turn around, she completed her turn in what seemed to be only a micro-second and I was left at the entrance to the kitchen slack jawed and speechless. 

"Come with us," demanded Yesenia and motioned with a finger as she walked into the bedroom. 

Happy to oblige, I followed the girls into the bedroom. Being slightly unsure as how to proceed, I sat on the corner of the bed and waited for that which was to proceed. 

Yesesnia, whom it appeared was the stimulating factor behind this adventure, said, "Big boy, this is your lucky night. You will have the both of us. You are not permitted to tell anyone about this." To which I quickly interjected, "I leave tomorrow, never to return." "Good," was her reply. "Now listen. Jazel told me that you are really sweet and since she's having problems with her boyfriend she has agreed to my plan. You can use the both of us however you please, but we will not suck your dick." 

Saying this, the blonde turned to her well busted brunette friend and began to slowly undress her. I stared on as Jazel's bra-cladded breasts came into view with a jiggle. As she continued to undress her, and while Jazel was returning the favor, I decided that it was best to sit back and enjoy the show as it unfolded. I leaned back into the mattress as the two goddesses undressed each other in front of me. 

When they were both clad only in thongs they began gently caressing each others bodies and kissing passionately. Yesenia, whom it quickly became apparent was the more agressive, and horny, of the two rather roughly pushed Jazel back onto the mattress. Jazel landed with a humph and began to turn to turn her body seductively towards me while starring back at me. Yesenia had other ideas. She quickly removed her thong and I briefly saw that she was completely shaved and looked like a bronzed angel with her long flowing blonde hair. She quickly climbed up Jazel's body and presented her pussy to Jazel's face, saying something in Portuguese. I figured it must have been something around, "Eat me, now!" as Jazel turned her mouth up and began licking her best friend and neighbor's pussy in earnest. Yesenia grabbed her smaller breasts in both hands and began moaning loudly. 

At this point I decided that my participation would be appreciated. I kicked off my shoes, pants, and shirt and crossed the bed to Jazel. I placed myself to her left and watched as she licked and sucked Yesenia's clitoris. I scooted down the bed a bit and placed my head squarely between Jazel's two large breasts. Glancing upwards I saw Yesenia's ass rotating above me. I reached up and grabbed her ass cheeks with both hands. Giving her a light squeeze and a quick smack I turned and kissed Jazel's breasts lightly as I ran my hands up and down her sides. I traced a large circle around her breasts with kisses slowly encircling her nipples. As I finally reached her nipples Yesenia's moans became louder and with a crescendo she orgasmed. I switched to Jazel's other nipple, lightly biting and nibbling her silver dollar sized brown nipple. Yesenia rolled off Jazel's face and worked herself down Jazel's prone body licking a line down her body. As she passed by my head she grabbed me by my ear and dragged my mouth to hers and we shared an erotic kiss. When she got to Jazel's still thong covered pussy she pulled off her underwear to reveal that Jazel was also completely shaved. Jazel said something in Portuguese and Yesenia giggled. I asked what was said and Jazel told me that only Yesenia knows how to eat her pussy. 

Hearing that, I was now hornier beyond belief, dieing of desire to put my cock to work, I lined myself up with Yesenia's upturned ass and plunged myself into her dripping wet, warm, tight pussy. As I drove forward to shove the last couple inches of my cock into her pussy, she lifted her face away from Jazel's pussy and began talking dirty in Portuguese. I remained still as she started to rotate her hips and began impaling herself on me. A few moments later her golden brown body began to shake and her words turned into load moans as she orgasmed for the second time of the night. She returned to eating Jazel's pussy with a new found vigor and as I slowly began sawing my cock in and out of Yesenia's tight pussy, Jazel began thrashing around on the mattress. She grabbed Yeseni'a head and with a loud scream orgasmed as well. 

Yesenia disengaged herself from my cock, climbed up Jazel's body and began kissing her passionately, both of their mouths glistening from the dim light from the bathroom. I shortly follow suit. As I arrived at Yesenia's still upturned ass, I decided to see what "however I please" meant. As Jazel held Yesenia's ass open for me, I slowly and as gently as possible, worked my way into her tight asshole. As the head of my cock passed her sphincter, Yesenia let out a loud sigh, followed by more Portuguese. Allowing her time to adjust, I remained still, enjoying the sights and sounds of the girls making out and talking dirty below me. Several seconds later she pushed herself back against me and my cock worked it's way into her ass a couple more inches. Her next attempt sunk my cock into her ass completely. 

I fucked her ass for several minutes. Completely enamored with the feeling of fucking her tight ass, I relished it, starting slowly, then working up to a faster and faster rhythm. Jazel worked her way down between our legs and began licking, sucking and fingering Yesenia's pussy. As Yesenia's orgasm build she became more vocal and even louder. As she began to cum, her profanity became screams. Her ass clamped itself down on my cock in a vice-like grip. My own orgasm, which had been building slowly, quickly spun out of control, and with a roar I emptied my semen into her spasming ass. 

Yesenia collapsed on the bed, and I rolled off to the left to avoid Jazel, who was working her way up and around Yesenia's collapsed body. I got up to use the bathroom and wash off and when I returned I saw that Jazel had pulled Yesenia's hips up and off the mattress and began to eat her best friends ass, licking up all my cum that came dripping out. Watching the two girls in a line both on all fours, one eating her friend's ass and the other talking dirty in Portuguese, was enough to revive even the most exhausted of little soldiers and, standing in the doorway, I was hard again in record time. 

I laid down on the mattress and grabbed Jazel's arm. I pulled her over to me and placed her tiny frame on top of my cock. She moaned loudly as I entered her and began gyrating her hips and fucking herself with my cock. I reached up and pinched her nipples roughly and began squeezing her large, meaty breasts, which I found to be quite real. I became extremely excited after this revelation and while grabbing her tits I used my forearms to lift her up and began fucking her hard and fast from below. After several minutes of such punishment, her moans rose in volume to screams and she came with a look of sheer joy spread on her face, all thoughts of her boyfriend and their troubles vanished. With one swift movement I lifted her off of my cock, turned her around and placed her ass in my face. I lapped at her pussy, enjoying the sweet nectar that flowed freely after her orgasm. With her facing towards my cock, she leaned forward and I began rimming her ass hole with my tongue and working her clitorris with the first two fingers of my right hand. 

Apparently not one to let a hard cock go to waste, Yesenia climbed onto me and lowered herself onto me. Jazel whom was leaning forward began sucking on Yesenia's tinier, firmer breasts as Yesenia used her hips as pistons and fucked herself up and down on me. When I had nicely lubed up Jazels ass with my tongue I moved her hips back and began tonguing her clittoris as I reached around her and slowly began working fingers into and out of her ass. 

With Jazel's ass sufficiently loosened I got out from underneath the two beautiful Brazilian women and placed Jazel's tiny frame on her back. I lifter her legs up and as I slowly began working my cock into her ass, Yesenia straddled her best friends face with her back to me. She leaned forward and Jazel began eating her pussy. I reached forward and began fondling both of the two women. Sounds of sex emanated from my apartment (not that my neighbors were suprised). Several minutes later Yesenia sat straight up and with a loud moan orgasmed on Jazel's face. As Yesenia rolled off and appeared to pass out, Jazel began masturbating herself roughly talking dirtily in Portuguese. Her orgasm hit her a few minutes later and as she began screaming I shoved my cock as far as it could go into her ass and let loose another torrent of cum. 

I rolled over and quickly after a short recount of that which had happened I fell asleep in between the two already sleeping angels. When I awoke in the morning they were gone, with a note on the kitchen counter thanking me for a wonderful night, signed neatly by the two ladies.