 For days, my mind was reeling from the night of intense sexual play at Sally's. I walked around in a constant state of arousal thinking about all that had transpired. By mid-week I knew I had to see her again. As if it were on auto-pilot, my car found its way to Sally's and I found myself standing outside her door knocking.

Sally opened the door and gave me a big smile that made me go weak in the knees. "Chris! I was just talking about you and Jeff and here you are! Come on in and meet some friends of mine." 

At first, I was a bit taken aback. She was talking about me to some of her friends? What had she said? How detailed had she gotten? We walked into her place and a couple was sitting on the couch; Sally introduced us – "Chris, this is Bill and Alice, Bill, Alice, this is the guy I was telling you about who was here with Jeff last weekend."

They smiled a knowing smile as we exchanged pleasantries and I sat down. Sally offered me a drink. "Scotch, if you have it, otherwise, I'll take a beer (or two or three, I thought to myself.)." I made small talk with Bill and Alice until Sally returned with a glass and a bottle of single malt. Things were looking up.

"You want ice?" 

"Not with single malt!" I replied. 

"Good man," Sally replied and she poured me a liberal amount of the golden elixir and handed me the glass. She refreshed the other drinks and returned and sat down on the floor and started talking.

"I was just telling Bill and Alice how hot you two guys were, especially when you were sucking each other off!" I was mortified by her bluntness as she continued. "Alice was just saying how jealous she was cause she has always wanted to see two guys suck each other." I looked at Alice, who was grinning with bright eyes.

Alice was a little bit bigger than Sally in every way, especially in the breast department. Where Sally had nice "hand-size" breasts that stood out in a perky way, Alice's breasts were at least three times larger. She sat there in a bikini top and a short wrap-around skirt, leaning forward offering me an ample view of her wears. Bill was kicking back, enjoying the conversation (and my discomfort). He was wearing a pair of baggy shorts and a Tony Bahama shirt. They were an attractive couple, I had to admit. I began wondering where this was going to go.

Alice spoke, "I've been trying to get Bill to do a three-some with me and another guy for months now, but he'd been resistant. I thought maybe he'd change his mind in the right setting with the proper incentives." As she spoke, she placed her hand on Bill's leg and started rubbing his thigh up inside his shorts. She continued, "Would you give him a blow job right now?"

Once again, I was stunned by the bluntness. I took a long, deep drink from my glass and sat back in silence trying to determine if this was for real. Sally spoke up and added, "We'll make it worth your while, Chris. I promise you that." 

Sally grabbed her top and peeled it off over her head to reveal those wonderful tits I had nibbled on so recently. Alice followed suit, removing her bikini top and then she started playing with her own tits. Sally moved over to Alice and leaned closer and took one of Alice's tits in her hand and moved her mouth to cover the nipple as Alice rested back on the couch, obviously enjoying Sally's gesture. Sally stopped and looked at me and said, "There's a lot more where that came from; are you interested?"

Was I interested???? I thought my dick was going to bust out of my pants. I had always fantasized about a three-some, but not with another guy and gal. The thought of these two beauties working me over at the same time sent shivers up my spine and a rush of blood to my dick. I looked over at Bill then back at the bear breasted women and then back at Bill. The two women began pleading with me, "Come on, Chris! Please???? Show Bill what he's missing."

At this point, Bill seemed to be a bit nervous as well. I looked over at him and asked, "You game?" 

He responded, "You really going to suck my dick?" 

I drained my glass, set it down, peeled off my shirt and said, "Hell, yes!" 

The girls broke into cheers. First, I went over to the two women and knelt between them. One at a time, I licked and sucked each woman's breasts before moving towards Bill. They offered them to me willingly and I lingered a bit too long as Alice said, "Enough stalling; on with the show!"

Wanting to give the girls a real show, I stood up before them and unbuttoned my pants and let them fall to the ground. Sally reached over and grabbed my boxers and pulled them down as well. Bear naked, I went over to Bill and spread his legs and began unbuttoning his shorts. He lifted his hips to allow me to pull the shorts down. To my surprise, he wasn't wearing any underwear.

Shorts aside, I began looking at Bill's cock, which was standing tall. He was a bit bigger than me, a little fatter and a little longer. The first thing I noticed was a clear drip of pre-cum forming at the tip of his dick. I ran my hands up the insides of his thighs until they met at the base of his cock and balls. I gently squeezed the base of his dick and the pre-cum started to build up and then start leaking down his shaft. I stopped the flow with one of my fingers and began rubbing it over the tip of his dick and that special spot just under the tip. Bill inhaled quickly and deeply and I knew he was enjoying what I was doing.

With Sally and Alice cheering me on, I leaned in and started to lick Bill's shaft starting at the balls and slowly working my way to the tip. I continued to massage his balls while I repeated the action several times. Bill was moaning and groaning like a baby and I relished the effect I was having on him. Finally, I moved my mouth over the tip and lowered my mouth until just the crown of his dick was in my mouth. I sucked as I let my tongue lightly flick and flit about the underside of his tip. 

Then I started lowering my head, taking as much of his dick into my mouth as I could. He groaned more and more as he tried to push his dick deep into my throat. I went as far as I could go and then slowly pulled my head back, sucking and licking as I went. I went to repeat the action and as I pulled back the second time, Bill started to tense up and I knew he was about to explode. I slowed down even more as I lifted off his cock and gently squeezed his balls with one hand and grabbed his shaft with my other hand. That was all he needed to send him over the top and he began to buck his hips. His hands reached out and grabbed my head and forced it back onto his dick as he came in several spurts. He filled my mouth with his hot cum as I took as much as I could. The overflow ran out of my mouth and down the sides of his dick as his orgasm subsided and he collapsed back on the couch.

Alice was the first one down with me as she took my head in her hands and brought my mouth to hers. She kissed me deeply, sharing Bill's cum, and then lapping up the excess on my face and then she went over to Bill's dick and licked up the remaining cum that I had missed. Sally was clapping and cheering as she poured me another scotch and then she reached over and kissed me as well.

Bill sat back in amazement and said, "That has to be the best blow job I've ever had! It was like you knew exactly what I wanted done without me saying anything!" 

Alice added, "That was so hot; I wish I had taped that!." (I was glad it wasn't taped!) 

Sally said, "Come on, Alice; we've got work to do. With that, the two vixens turned their attention to me, pushing me back on the floor and they started covering my body with licks and kisses. When they got down to my dick, I couldn't believe how wonderful it felt to have two tongues working on my shaft at the same time. At times, it seemed like the two were fighting over who got to lick where. Sally paused just long enough to remove her shorts. She then positioned herself on top of me with her cute little ass and pussy right in my face. She lowered herself down and then returned to fight Alice for her fair share of my dick. 

I grabbed Sally's ass and nestled it against my mouth and I started to lick her pussy. I couldn't believe how wet she was as she squirmed and pressed herself against my mouth. One of the women stuck a finger up my ass and it was like a hitting a switch and I came in an instant. Someone was getting a mouthful as I shot several wads into ever ready mouths. Sally clinched her legs around my head moments later and I knew she had cum as well. She got off me and turned to Alice and the two exchanged a deep kiss, no doubt sharing my load between them. 

By this time, Bill was hard again and stroking his dick as he watched the scene before him. Alice was the only one who had yet to get off. Somewhere along the way, she managed to strip and she straddled my chest bringing her pussy up to my face. With the motions of a wild woman, she started grinding her cunt into my face. I could see her breasts rocking back and forth as I dipped my tongue between the folds of her pussy, lapping up the juices that were freely flowing. Alice rode my face into oblivion. She came hard and furious as she coated my face with her cum juices. Bill commented how hot we looked as we sat back and caught our breath. Sally told him she would be glad to have him join us on one little condition. Bill smiled and said, "You want Chris and I to sixty-nine for you two, don't you." The girls looked at each other and smiled, while nodding excitedly. Bill smiled and said, "Here goes nothing!"

He positioned himself along side me and lowered his mouth to my dick. It didn't take long for it to get hard again under his masterful touch and I began thinking he'd done this before. I turned and saw his dick waiting my attention, and so, with out further hesitation, I started working on his knob as the women clapped and cheered once more. I was working leisurely on Bill's dick, seeing no reason to work quickly, but Bill was licking and sucking my dick like a starved man eating a hotdog. I picked up the tempo as I felt myself getting close to cumming. Taking a play from the women, I spread Bill's ass cheeks and just before I came I pushed a finger into his asshole and sure enough, he clinched and then came at the same time I did. We milked each other dry and then sat up to the applause of Alice and Sally.

Bill spoke first, "Okay girls, now it's your turn. Let's see a little lezzy action here." Much to my delight, Alice and Sally quickly started making out. They pressed their breasts together as their hands wandered over each other's bodies. Soon, they re-positioned themselves in a sixty-nine position and started lapping away between each other's legs. It didn't take long before Bill and I were rock hard again. Bill reached over and started stroking my dick while watching the girls go at it. It seemed like a neighborly thing to do, so I reciprocated. It felt a little weird but what the hell; it also felt good. He then lowered his mouth and started to suck me again. There I was, watching two beautiful women go at it while a guy I never met before was sucking my dick. 

The more I watched the girls, the more I knew I wanted to fuck one (or preferably, both) of them. I stopped Bill and moved over to where Alice and Sally were going at it and said, "Excuse me, but would you mind if I cut in?" 

They laughed and rolled away from one another and asked, "What did you have in mind?" 

I replied, "My dick is jealous and wants to bury itself in one of those pussies."

Sally said, "I've got an idea! Let's take turns!" 

Bill chimed in, "What about me?" 

Alice said, "You can join in too." 

Bill and I lay down and first Sally lowered herself onto my waiting dick. She squeezed her pussy around my dick and started riding me. Alice promptly sat on my face and told Bill to sit on the couch, so she could suck him while being sucked by me, while I was fucking Sally. He quickly obliged and soon everyone was in on the act. After a few minutes, Sally and Alice switched places and I was fucking Alice while eating Sally, who was sucking Bill. We continued this, going back and forth until I came. Alice was the lucky recipient of my load while Sally drank in all Bill could give her. When we finished, we collapsed in a heap on the floor, stroking each other's bodies and commenting on how much fun we had had. 

Sally got up and offered everyone another drink. As we were being served, she got a mischievous grin on her face and she said, "I've got a great idea..."