 My name is Helga and my husband's is Ricky. I am 5'5 wear a size 34C bra. I am a blue eyed blonde from Germany with great looking legs and a nice ass. I met my husband at one of the HOT New York parties. We started talking, have a few drinks, he took me home because the girl I came with was busy with some guy, I was sure she was glad that I left her alone. We hit it off well and started going on dates and finally got married. He was 27 and I was 26. We have been married now for 10 years. The sex was great but after a couple of years I suggested that we should spice it up by having a third party. I thought for sure he was going to blow his top. To my surprise he said he had been fantasizing about this for some time, and he would love to do it. I was delighted and told him I wanted black cocks because they turn me on and, I had been fucked and eaten by blacks before. That did it. For the next 10 years we continued anytime anywhere.

Every story I write is an actual experience

In the porno movie

I was laying naked on the bed reading a magazine, Rick ran a finger up the crack of my ass, stopped at the hole and said. 

"Let's go to a porno movie, we haven't done this in some time." 

I readily agreed because I know what he has in mind. We had done this a number of times and really enjoyed it.

I dressed for the occasion, black very tight, short dress, black blouse with front buttons,thongs, black thigh high stockings and pump shoes.

We went downtown and walked around for while, found a bar and had a few drinks. I like drinking, it relaxes me. Gets me in the mood for what's ahead. 

We went to the movie we are familiar with, having been there a number of times.

We bought our tickets and the attendant, asked. 

"Upstairs?" "Yes.". 

He gave us a knowing look. This is an old theater where you go upstairs from the lobby. We got upstairs, opened a door and then a few feet further there is a curtain. 

We went past the curtain which opens up all the way in the back of the balcony. We allowed our eyes to adjust to the darkness. To the left of us is a half wall that abuts the back row. There were some guys standing there, probably playing with each others. 

We got a couple seats two rows below, There were some guys already playing with themselves as they watched the movie. I also noticed another couple on the other side, one row below where we were going to sit. 

I could see that the guy was feeling her up. The guy next to her was watching. Her skirt was way up and her friend had is hand between her legs. I whispered to Rick to watch because we were going to do the same thing. 

I was getting hot just watching. Before long I see the guy next to her running his hand up her leg and pulling her leg toward him. Her friend didn't mind which means they are going to put on a show. 

This is what we have in mind. Rick puts his hand between my legs, I slide forward on my seat, my skirt slides up giving him easy access to my wet pussy. With his other hand he starts to unbutton my blouse. 

My nipples are hard and are shoving against the material, he unbuttons the blouse all the way down and since I am not wearing a bra my tits are completely exposed. 

He pulls and squeezes my nipples which almost makes me have an orgasm. The fingers of his other hand are parting the lips of my wet cunt. I am so hot that I push Rick's fingers further up my cunt and come. 

One of the black guys, that was playing with himself, moves over and sits next to me. He sees what my husband is doing with his fingers, he unzips his fly, takes out a nice black cock. It has to be at least 7 inches long and about an inch wide. Rick whispers, in my ear.

" Here we go." 

I nod and spread my legs wide. The guy puts his hand on my leg and since I don't object he moves it up to where Rick still is. He looks at me and I feel his fingers going into my pussy as Rick pulls his out. 

He takes my hand and moves it over to his cock. I grab his thick shaft and I start to move my hand up and down. I take my thumb and rub the tip of his cock and I feel a lot of pre cum. Rick is squeezing my nipples, I come again from the friction of the other guy's fingers in my cunt. 

The guy hooks 2 fingers in my pussy and finds my g-spot, rubs it and I push against his fingers, I come like crazy and I feel a lot of my juices running down his hand and my leg. He pulls his fingers out and moves them to my asshole. 

His fingers, sticky from my pussy juices, are pushing into my hole. I move further on the edge of the seat so that he has better access to my asshole. I push my knees up against the back of the seat in front of me and give him a chance of going down on me. 

He goes down on his knees, puts my legs over his shoulders and starts to eat my pussy, sucking out all the juices that were still in my cunt. I feel a tremendous orgasm coming, I squeeze his head with my thighs and just let go. 

Another guy sat in the seat in front of me with his head turned around so he could get a better view. I sat back up and bend over the side, this being an old theater the arm rest can be moved up out of the way, and take his cock in my mouth. I sucked him hard taking his whole cock all the way down my throat every time he pushed back in. I sense he was ready to shoot his load, I made sure the head was all the way down my throat. He let go a huge load which kept coming and coming. I finally pulled his cock out and he was still shooting and some of it hit my face. 

I love this. I straighten up, Rick who saw what happen handed me a handkerchief to wipe my face. My guy had a smile on his face, zipped up his pants and left. 

It didn't take long for the guy in front to come over and sit next to me. I looked over to where the other couple was and saw her bent over the back of her seat and one of the guys fucking her in the rear. 

By now the guys around me knew what was happening. Rick said he is going and watch from behind the half wall a couple rows behind me. 

When he left another guy sat were he was. One was playing and rolling my hard nipples between his fingers and I feel I am about to come again, the other guy has two fingers up my cunt and finger fucking me. The guy let go of the nipple, reaches down under the cheek of my ass and pushed me a little to the side so that my asshole was available. 

He took some of the juices that were running down my legs and lubricates my hole with a finger. My first guy is finger fucking me now with three fingers while his thumb is rubbing my clit. 

Now the second guy is pushing two fingers up my ass. I am in ecstasy, I grab a hold of the guy finger fucking me and push hard on his fingers I come in waves. 

The second guy turns me over so that my face is in the first guy's lap. I open my mouth and take his big cock in my mouth and swallow it. It goes way down my throat. I gag a little, I move my head up and down and suck him hard. 

The other guy took his cock, is spreading my ass cheeks, pushes his cock into my hole and is fucking me. I am in my glory. 

A couple of other guys are sitting behind, leaning over, one of them grabbed one of my tits and is squeezing one of my nipples hard. I feel the two guys are ready to shoot their loads and I want them to come at the same time. I am ready to come again. I am shaking, the two guys are shooting their hot load into me, I come. 

They pull out their cocks and I sit up. I am out of breath. I have cum coming out of my ass and pussy. I pull down my skirt and start buttoning my top. The guys get up, put their cocks back into their pants and leave. Rick comes down and sits next to me. 

"This was great, did you enjoy it?" 

I just smiled at him and said.

"Lets go home so you and I can finish the night. My pussy has not been fucked yet,"