 This story contains m/f, f/f, m/f/f sex and anal play. 

***** 

Milla, in her white faux fur robe, gazed at the lights of the city and stars of the sky from her second floor balcony. 

It was an early spring morning with a cool breeze and she enjoyed her post-sex smoke as she was still tingling between her legs and legs themselves felt like shaking rubber. 

Nicholas always had a way of doing that to her but lately, even as she would look up at him while he growled and grunted and drove into her with raw aggression, she couldn't help feel like there could be more. It was simple: their sex life was in dire need of a kick of spice! It became almost too predictable. They would kiss for a couple of minutes, he would lick her pussy for another, and after 3.2 minutes, boom, she was there with her legs open while he buried his cock into her. 

That wasn't bad per se, and she loved when he fucked her with such passion, but there had to be more to experience. 

Nicholas happened to be the EMT that resuscitated and cared for her when she crashed her clunker twenty years ago. He visited her in the hospital every day until they released her. They swapped numbers, went on a few dates, tied the knot, and here they were. And he was still taking care of her. The sun never sat each day before he said, "I love you." Milla was still giddy around him like when they first met. 

Lately, Nicholas realized it took a few extra minutes to get his motor running and Milla didn't mind sucking him for longer or kissing him more to get him ready. Like any woman in a similar situation, the thought appeared in her mind that he was losing his attraction for her. She could still pass for a 30 year old though she was ten years older than that and was pretty but an extra wrinkle appeared here or there and a strand of gray was trying to creep into her auburn locks. On the other hand, he wouldn't give up trying to please the love of his life so maybe the fire he had for her was still there—even if it was down to embers. 

Nicholas was five years from fifty and his body was starting to remind him of that. Still, Milla hoped a kick in their sex life would perk things up! 

It was a few hours before Milla had to get ready to go to her marketing job but that had fallen on her priority list a few notches. She was craving something new but she didn't know what. It was madness and the solution? Call your best friend at two in the morning! 

Micaela was the friend that was close like a sister who knew all Milla's secrets and offered her shoulder like a Kleenex all those times she had boy problems. They had their days of dancing topless while drowning in booze at bars and were at each other's weddings. They met at college and twenty years later, they were still linked at the hips. 

Milla probably wouldn't have made it this far without Micaela. Milla relied on her maybe a bit too much for guidance on just about everything from men to food to fashion and Micaela could easily have been her significant other third alongside Nicholas. 

Milla leaned on the oak railing of her balcony, tossed her auburn tresses off her shoulder, and tapped her toes until she answered. It only took five calls before she picked up. 

Micaela grumbled before she spoke. "Yaaawwwn, Milla! What's the emergency? You know the weekend doesn't start for two days, right?" 

"Yes, yes, I know, but this couldn't wait. I'm so horny right now." 

"Um, isn't that what your hubby is for?" 

"Sorry, I meant that I'm horny for something new. Nicholas is a great guy, the greatest, he's incredible, but we do the same thing the same way every time. Our sex life probably resembles two tortoises going at it. Whoopee." 

Milla could hear Micaela shifting positions probably to sit up. This was serious! 

"Have you talked to Nicholas at all about this, hon?" 

"I don't know what to say because I don't know what I want to try. Besides, there's a reason his favorite flavor is vanilla..." 

"Oh, I hear you. Well, have you thought about bringing another woman into your bed? The way you laid that kiss on me that night made me think you might want to taste what's on the other side." 

Milla chuckled. "My brain was swimming in booze that night and that was years ago." 

"Well, alcohol is the serum of truth and I've seen how you've been eyeing me." 

"Was I that obvious? Okay, I have thought about other women but hadn't had the courage to act on it let alone bring it up to Nicholas. With the way we are now, he might think I'm leaving him for one!" 

"Hmm, it wouldn't hurt to get everything out in the open, would it?" Micaela said. "Okay, have you guys tried any action at either of your backdoors? Kevin and I have been playing around with it. Oooh, the feeling of being filled in your dirtiest place is so...dirty and fun!" 

Milla felt a rush throughout and her ass quivered at the thought of it being played with. 

She fell into the chair behind her and her legs tightened. "It might have crossed my mind once. So, it really feels good?" 

"It's even hot when you have a vibrator in your ass while you're being fucked. Oh my, I'm rubbing myself now. Why did you do this? I have to get up early!" 

"Sorry. I might like to try that but doesn't it hurt?" 

"Not if you're careful. You have to go slow and make sure you're super wet back there. Try it and tell me what you think." 

Milla's arousal became swallowed in blue. "Sigh, in my excitement I forgot Nicholas isn't into the anal stuff. Never mind." 

Micaela scoffed. "What is he into? I know what you guys need. A visit to Angela Lu. She's a sex surrogate I know but not just any kind." 

"What makes her special?" 

"Well, get this," Micaela said as she lowered her voice but lifted her excitement, "she actually tries different things with couples to see what they might like! With consent, of course. She's super-hot so there haven't been many that didn't give her the okay to 'experiment' with them. It just depends if you care that another woman is touching your hubby—or the other way around. Angela owes me a favor and I can get you guys in today. I'll be sure to tell her how hot you are and get her ready so to speak." 

Milla's curiosity was growing like the heat and sexual jolts between her legs. "I'm almost willing to try anything at this point. I'll see what Nicholas thinks about it." 

"Okay, you do that and I'm going to do some sleeping. I'll see you at work." 

"Goodnight, thanks." 

"Night." 

Milla was riled up and wished she could sleep. She mashed the butt of her cigarette in the ashtray on the round table next to her and made her way through the sliding glass door into the darkness of her bedroom. 

Nicholas was facing the right side of the room and snoozing like a bear. The bright red digits on the alarm clock next to him read, "2:25 AM." 

She lifted the covers to join him, snuggled into his back, and slid her arm around him. She absorbed his musk mixed with the fading scent of the cologne sprits on his T-shirt and she sighed. 

She caressed the creases in his cheeks and brushed over his mustache before settling into his warmth and soaking in the toasty aura between them. 

It wasn't a few hours later when Milla was shuffling around the house like a zombie trying to get ready for work. With that beautiful, bright yellow sun came a headache of epic proportions and a powerful desire to bury herself under the covers but that was not an option. 

Nicholas was getting ready, too, but was speeding through the house like he'd slept for days like a baby. He sure didn't resemble anyone between forty and fifty. His body was slender but lean and his hair was still mostly there but was transitioning from brown to salt. 

Milla would look at him in passing but he'd keep his focus straight ahead and when she offered her lips, he'd whisk right on by with a breeze following behind him. 

She didn't think that had ever happened and the tension became so heavy that she could hardly take another step. 

With some effort, she made her way to the kitchen and poured herself a bowl of Toasted Oats and Honey, chopped up some bananas and dropped them in, and reached for some liquid to put in it. She carried her bowl to the dining room table facing the living room. 

It wasn't long before she heard the opening and closing of cabinet doors behind her, the refrigerator door skidding across the floor, and the chair across from her dragging over the tile. 

Milla lifted a brow as Nicholas lifted a spoon of cereal to his mouth followed by a glass of OJ. The only noises in the room came from his slurping. 

She sighed and brought her spoon to her lips, too. 

"Ah!" she yelled, shattering all the heaviness in the room. She lowered her eyes to find that her cereal was floating in water! "Oh, my God! I didn't realize I did that!" 

He broke silence for one moment. "Hey Milla. Can you keep it down? I'd like to eat in peace." 

Not "hey honey." Not even "hey cupcake." "Milla?" Neither of them could recall when he last called her that. 

Nicholas went on smacking his lips, sucking up the orange juice, and humming a tune. 

Milla filled with so much tension that she blew! 

She tugged at her hair and popped out of the chair. "Nick! Why aren't you speaking to me?" 

Between feeding his pie hole, he said, "I did speak but obviously you weren't listening because you're louder than before." 

Milla slowed her breaths to calm herself before speaking again. "What's the matter with you?" 

Nicholas sat against the wood behind him and snickered with his arms folded. "I don't know. I've never been a tortoise before. I'm not enjoying it. I feel like I'm being so vanilla!" 

Milla nearly choked as she rested her hands on the table and sat down again. "You heard me?" 

"Some of it. You never could keep quiet." 

She reached for his hand but he pulled it out of range. 

Milla forced out a smile. "Did you hear the part about how incredible you were last night, too?" 

"You didn't feel like you could tell me you were bored?" 

Milla tugged at her hair. "Grr, I didn't mean it like that! I just wanted to try something new. I shouldn't have gone about it the way I did. Sorry." 

Nicholas scoffed. He pushed away from the table and placed his dishes in the sink. Milla could feel the razor of his disappointment cut at her. 

She waited for him to approach as he had to do so to escape the kitchen. 

Nicholas took a couple of steps onto the carpet beyond Milla. It seemed something drew him back. 

He lifted a finger just an inch from her nose. She looked at him with eyes that desired him and the connection that seemed fractured. 

He pursed his lips as his hazel irises lit with fire. "You know you can talk to me about anything. You didn't have to spread news of our sex life all over the world!" 

Milla nodded. "I'm sorry. I won't do it again." 

"Well, talk now. What's on your mind?" 

She thought about her conversation with Micaela that morning and she was turning herself on a bit. "Um, have you changed your mind about a little butt play?" 

"You mean since you asked me the first time?" 

Milla slumped in her chair. "I guess that's a 'no.' Come on, you might like it. Have you even tried it?" 

Nicholas stammered and searched for his words. "Uh, well, it's not for me. I don't think we need to do all this extra shit. You said I was incredible already. Let's leave it at that. Why mess with a good thing?" 

"Because it could be a better thing..." 

"If it's not good enough for you, maybe you can get more acquainted with your vibrator!" 

Milla's blood was boiling over the top and she shouted at him. "Ugh, you don't have to such a dick about it! I just want you to open up more! We don't have to do anal. We can do something else!" 

Nicholas was turning red. "I know what I can do. Leave! Shouldn't you be doing the same?" 

In a blink, Nicholas was dressed with his medical bag in hand and was out of the door. The lack of a goodbye kiss was chilling but not unexpected. 

Milla was held down in that chair by the weight of his disapproval but she knew both of them weren't on the right side. 

She was supposed to be at work in exactly five minutes so she found the strength to get ready and head out. 

Around lunchtime, Nicholas was in the hospital breakroom finishing his meatball and mozzarella sub when his cell rang. The display read, "My True Love." 

He let it ring almost until his voicemail would have caught the call before he answered. 

"What is it Milla?" he said lacking any patience for anything she might have to say. 

"Listen, I'm sorry about this morning. I just wanted to make sure you were okay. I know about the manly issues you've been going through." 

Nicholas felt the sting of not quite being the man he knew he could be. "I...I'll be fine. I was thinking maybe something new wouldn't be so bad. Might give me the jumpstart I need." 

There was a silence followed by a shaking in her voice. "Do you still think I'm pretty?" 

"Huh? Of course. You're beautiful. It doesn't have anything to do with that." 

"Whenever we're at the market or whenever we're out, I notice other women eyeing you. A lot of them younger than me." 

"Stop it!" Nicholas said with firmness. "I'm with the woman I want and will always want." 

Milla sniffed. "Aww, I love you." 

"I love you. So, what else did you have in mind to make things wilder in our sheets?" 

"Hold that question. Can I come see you? I'd rather not talk about it over the phone." 

Nicholas glanced at the clock on the wall. "Um, sure, sweetheart. I have some time." 

"Be right there!" 

After twenty minutes or so, Milla arrived. Nicholas spotted her coming towards him in the bright white hospital hallway and he sped up to meet her. 

He slid his arm around her back and gave her a long, lingering smack on her pink lips. "Mmm, that was good," he said upon the lip release. 

"Oh, yes." 

She was in a black pants suit with white blouse and black heels. Her tresses were dancing freely upon her shoulders and her dark eye shadow and perfectly applied pink blush showed she must have been a bit late to work that morning but was worth it nonetheless. 

Nicholas remained attached to her while gazing at her. "You look amazing." 

Milla giggled. "You think so?" 

"I do. Let's go outside," he said as he curled his fingers within hers and led her to a bench on the side of the building. 

There wasn't as much human traffic there so it was as private as they could get. 

The sun was out with blue but it left a warm sensation on their skins. 

Nicholas sat with his wife and turned towards her while still linked at the hands. "So, what are you thinking about?" 

Milla took a breath and twiddled her hair between her fingers. "Oh, right. That's a toughie." 

"Say it. Do you remember what I said about speaking to each other?" 

"Okay, okay. Micaela said she knew of a sex surrogate that could show us some techniques. The only thing is that she is the physical type. How do you feel about another woman touching us?" 

Nicholas' cock began to come alive a little. "I don't know. I never really imagined being with another woman like that." 

Milla leaned forward and stared through him. "Never? Are you sure?" 

"Yes." 

"Okay. Honestly, I don't know how I'm going to feel about any of this. When I kissed Micaela that night, it made me think that I might want to try things with another woman. I don't know how far I'm willing to go..." 

Nicholas squeezed her hand. "It's fine. Set the meeting up. I guess we won't know anything until we try. And I'm sorry for yelling at you this morning." 

"It's alright. I love you." 

"I love you, too..." 

While at work, Milla confirmed the meeting for six that evening after they got off from work. It was enough time for them to go home and freshen up. 

When they arrived at Angela Lu's building, the lobby was carpeted and clean with a semi-circular marble front desk with a cheery administrative assistant with permanent smile across her lips. Perhaps a place all about sex did that to people. The lighting was dim and gave off quite the romantic glow. 

The assistant handed Milla a clipboard, pen, and some paperwork. Nicholas took her free hand and they walked to a pair of chairs nearby. 

He couldn't help but notice how beautiful his wife was with her straightened, conditioned auburn hair, sparkling diamond earrings, and puffy cheeked smile to go with it. She was wearing a pink short-sleeve shirt with part of her cleavage peeking out from the top and blue jean shorts and sandals. And she smelled of a lilies. 

"Isn't this exciting?" Milla said as she took a quick handful of his cock. 

Nicholas' cock fought to escape his pants. "Mmm, if you keep doing that, we might not make it to the session." 

She looked at him and ran her fingers over his rigid arms. "You look so handsome but you need to relax." 

Nicholas released all tension, sat back, and caressed her arm. "Okay, my love. I haven't done anything like this so excuse me if I'm a little anxious." 

She admired his royal blue shirt and black slacks with matching shoes. She was sniffing his neck—the cologne was intoxicating. 

Milla ceased her pen's movements. "This next question asks if there's anything we'd like to try." 

Nicholas began to actually imagine what playing with her darkest, dirtiest place might be like. Since it wasn't something he'd done with her, there was an appeal to it in that sense. The fact it was being a turn-on for her made it all the more enticing. 

He pointed at the sheet. "Go ahead. Put anal sex. You can write being with another woman if you want." 

She whipped her head around with a gleam sparkling in her jade irises. "Really? You mean it?" 

"Yeah." 

"Great!" Milla wrote it down and kept writing until she stopped at the final question. "It asks us if we consent to having the surrogate demonstrate various sexual techniques on us. Are you still okay with that?" 

Nicholas sat up. "You're not going to go crazy jealous on me?" 

It took a moment for her to answer. "You're still coming home with me, right?" 

Nicholas took her hand with a nod. "Of course, baby." 

It wasn't long before the assistant took the clipboard and escorted the couple to Angela Lu's office. 

There was a rather large, comfy-looking corner-style sofa in the rear. That was presumably where the "live" demonstrations and teaching sessions took place. 

Another desk with a pair of chairs in front of it was in the center. 

The lights were like the ones in the lobby—dim orange and warming to the soul. 

Coming from the ceiling speakers were love songs playing at a soft tone. 

The couple didn't utter much and there was a certain awkwardness lingering in the air. There was some residual tension that they needed to release. 

They sat at the desk and as they did, Angela burst into the room bringing enough energy and bounciness for everyone! 

She was in her mid-30's but could have been mistaken for being ten years younger. Her other profession was personal training but they didn't expect to see her in a sports bra, cotton shorts, and sneakers. Her athletic build with toned arms and legs with curves showed how much she obsessed over her body. It probably helped her clientele to keep her figure as attractive as she could. She had average sized tits and ass but they looked to be firm and shapely like a much younger woman. Her skin was a yellowish tan color indicative of some from her home country of China. Her black hair shined and their tips stopped at her lower back. The couple seemed to become entranced and followed her every movement across the room. Maybe they were going to enjoy this after all. 
