 Badminton was Sophie's favourite sport, especially when she was playing with her boyfriend Jack. Sophie was petite. She looked incredibly sexy, especially in the tight white t-shirt and a white short pleated dress she was wearing. She wore her light brown hair in a ponytail. Jack was equally handsome - tall with brown hair; he wore white shorts and a plain t-shirt. Together they made an incredibly cute couple. They were, however not impressing anyone with their badminton skills. They had not been playing long and they felt that their performances were suffering as all the other badminton players kept staring at them.

"Can't they just concentrate on their own games!?" exclaimed Sophie in a loud voice. "I know we're bad but at least we're having fun!" There were four other badminton players, all young men aged around 19-23 who were all very competent players, all of whom chuckled at Sophie's comment. "That's it," said Sophie quietly to Jack, "we're going." They both left, each heading for their separate changing rooms. 

"Err... Jack," whispered Sophie, "could I come in there with you?"

"Sure." said Jack, with a broad smile on his face. Sophie followed Jack into the changing rooms. The changing rooms were typical communal changing rooms - there were rows of benches, with a set of showers at the end. The room was empty. Jack turned to face Sophie. Sophie looked at Jack in the eyes, he looked excited, very excited. She looked down his body, and her eyes rested on his shorts - it was even clearer he was excited! This is what she lived for! She could see his cock was desperate to escape, fighting against the fabric of his shorts. She was desperate to reach out and touch it, but she resisted, she wanted to have some fun first. She wanted to make him beg for her to relieve him.

"Sit down Jack, sit right there, and watch. Don't touch anything." Sophie took two steps back and began her show.

She turned her back to Jack and turned her head to look at him, seductively licking her lips. She ran her hand along her thin, bronzed legs and caught her skirt on the way up, revealing white panties that covered her tight, perfect ass. Jack gasped. His hard dick was getting desperate, twitching convulsively in his pants, desperate to be touched. Sophie began circling her hips; her skirt flapped up, flashing her white panties. She bent forward, her skirt rose slowly. Jack saw that the underneath of her panties were getting wet. This was obviously turning on Sophie as much as it was him!

Sophie turned around to face him and began to lift her t-shirt, revealing her flat stomach. She lifted higher and higher, exposing her pert, soft breasts. Jack felt that he was going to cum in his pants.

"OK, that's enough for now." said Sophie, "It's about time I got to see your cock... Stand up." Jack stood up without hesitation. "Oh Jack, you did enjoy looking at me didn't you?" said Sophie silkily, as she stared at Jack's bulge. "Well," she brushed her hand across the bump, Jack let out a sigh. "Take off your shorts." Jack obliged and removed them as quickly as he could. Jack's boxer shorts were very damp, and his cock made a tent in them. Sophie stood, staring at his dick, eyes transfixed. She loved cock - there was no denying it.

"Take off your t-shirt," she demanded. Jack removed his t-shirt revealing his flat stomach, slight six-pack and muscular shoulders. "Now slowly remove your boxers." Jack placed his thumbs under the elastic of the boxers and carefully lowered them, revealing more and more of his erect penis. Finally, Jack revealed the full length of his dick. It was rock hard and around 7 inches long. There was pre-cum just about to drip from the end, Sophie caught it on her finger and licked it off seductively with her tongue. Sophie moved her hand toward Jack's cock and slowly wrapped her slender hand around the thick shaft. Jack sighed - this was what he had been waiting for! Sophie slowly lowered herself to her knees, and starting wanking Jack. She looked up at him with her big brown eyes. She couldn't help but smile. She loved it!

"Mmm Jack your cock feels so warm and hard. Do you think I should taste it more? Do you think I should lick it?"

"Y...eesss" said Jack desperately.

"Well, I could give your dick a little lick couldn't I? That wouldn't be too naughty would it?"

"P..l..eaassse." Sophie looked up at Jack, stuck out her cute little tongue and edged closed and closer to the head of Jack's erection. She gently licked around the top, circling the head.

"Mmm Jack that tastes nice, I might have to lick it more." Holding the shaft with her right hand Sophie licked from the base to the tip of the penis. Jack let out sighs of desperation. "Ooooh Jack, I'm gonna suck it. OK?" Slowly and deliberately Sophie placed her soft lips around the head of Jack's cock. She circled the head with her tongue and wanked with her hands. Jack looked down at Sophie who was staring straight into his eyes, her ponytail bobbed and swished as she sucked him off. After a minute or so Sophie removed Jack's penis from her mouth and let it flap all over her face, covering her with pre-cum. She licked his dick up and down frantically, making sure she enjoyed every part of his manhood. 

Suddenly Jack and Sophie heard some voices from outside. The others must have finished their games! Before they could do anything the other badminton players had entered the changing rooms. They stood and stared, all stunned! Jack and Sophie began to cover up, then Jack looked at Sophie, and Sophie knew what Jack was thinking and she said quietly,

"What the hell, not as if we're coming back to this club!" The badminton players began to leave, obviously feeling they should change elsewhere. "Err... no" said Sophie in a nervous voice "umm... Stay, I fancy a bit of fun."

The men all looked at each other. Each looked as though he was trying to suss the others out, as though none of them wanted to be the first to say they would stay.

"Err... you," said Sophie to the tall blond man, who looked around 19, "what do you reckon? Want me to suck you off?" Sophie suddenly felt a little braver. She knew she was sexy, she knew these men would be desperate for her. The blond 19-year old flushed red, and half nodded. The player's muttered amongst themselves, then turned to face Sophie and slowly walked towards her.

"OK boys, glad that you want some fun... Line up here, will you?" Sophie gestured with her left hand. "OK Jack, ready for a show?" Jack sat on the bench just diagonally to the side opposite the row of men, his cock rock hard in anticipation.

Each of the men looked very nervous, but excited.

"I want each of you to remove your t-shirt" demanded Sophie. Each of the men quickly removed their t-shirts revealing slender athletic torsos. Sophie turned to look at Jack and smiled a big smile.

"Well, you do look nice don't you boys?" Can you each remove your shorts for me please? Just your shorts, leave all pants on!"

The men looked a little nervous now, but slowly each of them removed their shorts, revealing a line of four stiff cocks covered by four pairs of boxer shorts. Sophie paced back and forwards admiring the row of bulges in front her. She felt a shiver run down her spine as she thought of touching them, of feeling them against her skin. She turned towards Jack and saw that he was eager for the show to continue, his fist clamped firmly around his dick, wanking furiously.

"What do you want me to do Jack? Do you want me to relieve these poor men? Do you want me to start wanking some cocks for you?" Jack nodded frantically.

"Well, OK Jack, but slowly does it..."

Sophie walked up to the first man in the line. He was around 6ft with brown messy hair; he had a tanned body, and wore tight grey boxer shorts. It was clear he had a larger than average penis. Sophie reached down and grasped his hard penis firmly in her right hand. All the men in the room let out gasps.

Sophie looked up deep into the man's eyes and said, "Well, well, well... that is a nice cock you've got there. It feels nice and hard, and so warm! Now take your boxers down, I want to see it." The man looked nervous and didn't move. "I want to see your cock!!" The man slowly removed his boxers, revealing a long, thick penis. The head was shiny with pre-cum, the shaft thick and veiny. Sophie stared at it for a minute, transfixed. As she watched, the dick twitched with excitement, and pre-cum ran along the head, down the shaft and dripped slowly to the floor. 

Without breaking her gaze from his penis, Sophie requested, "Wank it for me, I want to see you play with it." in a soft expressionless voice, as though hypnotised. He reached down with his right hand and began wanking slowly.

"That's it.... Oooo lovely," said Sophie watching mesmerized, "mmm... that's good." She reached under her skirt and began playing with herself, but stopped as though trying to resist the temptation. 

"OK, stop now. There are more dicks for me to inspect first." said Sophie as she moved along to the next man. She felt like a child on Christmas Day, with so many presents to unwrap! The second man was shorter than the first, at around five foot eight. He had short light brown hair and wore white boxer shorts. "Ooo.. We are excited aren't we." said Sophie, who had clearly regained her composure. She noticed a wet patch on the front of his boxers and reached down, wet the tip of her little finger and slowly licked it clean with her tongue. "Mmmm... you taste good. Now I want you to take off those boxers and let me see your dick." The man removed his boxers exposing his seven inch dick. "Wow... two hungry cocks for one girl, I'm so lucky." She said as she held both desperate dicks, one in each hand. She turned her head to Jack and looked at him seductively as she raised both hands to her mouth and licked precum from each of her delicate palms. 

"Mmmm... OK, that leaves you two boys" She ran her hand across each of the two remain men's hard dicks. "Would you mind if I took your pants off? I need to see all my boys' dicks!" Both men nodded frantically. Sophie dropped to her knees and slowly removed each of the men's pants. The first man, who was around 22 with black hair, had a slightly shorter, but thicker penis and finally the last man, the 19 year old blond, revealed a long and very wet dick. "Oh boys, they look lovely. Now play with them for me will you?" Each of the men began jerking their hungry dicks. Sophie walked up and down the row as she admired the erect penises in front of her. She let her fingers wander as she walked, touching and squeezing each of the dicks as she admired them. Jack was frantically wanking himself, just staring in amazement at the show that was being directed by his girlfriend!

"You enjoying this Jack?" said Sophie staring at Jack, "It's gonna get better." Sophie couldn't believe her fortune as she looked at the four strangers in the room. Each of them desperate for her, each prepared to drop their pants and toss off for her!

Sophie walked slowly to the first man and lowered to her knees. She took his penis delicately in her left hand - it felt hard and hot. The man let out a desperate gasp. She slowly and sensuously licked his thick shaft up and down. With her right hand she reached between her legs and began to rub at her now soaking panties. She let out a soft groan. The man she was pleasuring looked in pure ecstasy. The other three men were staring, eagerly tossing their own dicks off. Sophie tasted the fresh, warm pre-cum as she enjoyed the full length of his erect penis.

After a few minutes Sophie moved along to the next man, who looked as though he would almost explode as her lips approached his manhood. She stared straight into his eyes as she inserted as much as she could into her small mouth. She bobbed her head, making her ponytail swish wildly. She reached up and clasped a cock in each hand. She jerked each of them off as she devoured the other dick in her mouth. She was loving it... she couldn't get enough! She continued for a few minutes, occasionally letting the dick in her mouth slip out and slap her in the face as she jerked off the cocks in her hands. Finally she moved off the dick and sat in between the last two men. She grabbed one shaft in each hand and used them to guide the men towards her so that they were closer so her face. She held the two cocks together in a circle formed with both hands, and ran her tongue across the tips of them, tasting the pre-cum.

"Mmm... you guys taste nice. What a lucky girl I am!" She licked each head individually then inserted the left penis into her mouth. She sucked and then alternated and sucked the right cock. Repeatedly she swapped from cock to cock, saliva, and pre-cum running off the shiny heads, and across her cheeks. She tried to fit both cocks in her mouth at once, forcing her cheeks apart. She reached up with her left hand and tossed off the dick on her left and gestured with her right hand... the last man moved into position and was wanked off by Sophie's right hand. She felt like she was in heaven, pleasuring all these dicks!

The men rearranged themselves so that Sophie was enclosed in a wall of cocks: one in front, one behind, one to the left, and one to the right. She sucked and wanked them as she rotated around them - moving from dick to dick to dick. The cocks were getting harder and harder as she worked her tongue and hands on them. Her face was soaked by pre-cum as the cocks slapped her cute face. She loved having cocks everywhere she turned and not caring which one she sucked. Her panties were dripping wet with excitement. She was in ecstasy!

After about fifteen minutes of four-cock action Sophie stood up and with a cock in each hand guided the men to the side so she could escape the walls of dick. 

"To say thank you for letting me pleasure your cocks it is time for you to see some more of me." She seductively removed her top revealing her pert, young breasts. The men gasped with excitement and wanked more vigorously. Sophie seemed very pleased by this result: she gave out a little laugh. She moved to the wall and leaned with her hands against it, her back to the men opposite her. She lifted up her skirt, revealing her white cotton panties tight against her perfect ass, which she stuck out as much as possible. She slowly pulled the panties down across her ass cheeks. The men gulped and all stopped wanking, as though they needed to stop themselves cumming. She lowered her panties further so the men could see her smooth, wet pussy coming into view. Sophie turned to look at the men. "You like what you see?" she said. Earnest gasps of 'Yes' answered her as the men resumed their wanking. 

Sophie felt so sexy - here she was the centre of attention: five men were wanking their cocks and staring at her exposed pussy! She had so much power! She turned around to face the men, her panties just below her neatly shaven pussy.

"Hi guys. This is naughty of me isn't it? I'm nearly completely naked now." Sophie wiggled her cute little ass and her panties fell to the ground. "Ooops!" said Sophie, "Now we're all naked!"

All the men looked Sophie up and down as they admired her perfect young body. Sophie walked up to the line of cocks, so that the men could more closely admire her slender figure. The men stared at her, wanking furiously,

"Ooo boys your cocks are desperate aren't they?" She ran her right hand across the tips as she walked back along the line, soaking her fingertips in pre-cum. "Mmm... my hand is all wet now." She licked her fingers gently, tasting the cock-juice on them.

"Mmmmm... lovely... you all taste good. You boys are gonna let me play with myself, aren't you? Your hard dicks are turning me on so much!" All the men nodded their heads - desperate to see this hot girl show them more. They studied her ass cheeks as she turned and walked seductively toward the bench. She sat neatly down on the bench, with her legs together.

With her left hand Sophie gently caressed her breasts, she let out small moans as she felt her hard nipples. "Ooo yes, play with those hard dicks for Sophie... Oooo yes." she murmured.

Sophie reached down with her right hand over her flat stomach and let her legs open revealing her dripping pussy. She teased herself by circling around it, feeling the moisture around her thighs. Finally, to the appreciation of the five men watching she reached with her forefinger and felt the warmth of her pussy. She rubbed at her clitoris, sending spasms of pleasure across her body. She inserted her middle finger fully inside herself as she stared ahead at the show of dicks in front of her.

"Wank your dicks harder boys, harder!" she said as she furiously fingered herself. She kept staring at each of the cocks in turn, and imagined holding them, licking them. She turned to Jack last.

"Ooo Jack I need your dick. I need it now. Bring me it!" Sophie said desperately, as she moved from the bench onto all fours facing her audience. Jack stood up, completely naked and moved across towards Sophie. "Fuck me Jack, fuck me now!" Jack dropped to his knees and slowly inserted his large penis into Sophie's young pussy causing her to gasp loudly. Jack began to slowly fuck Sophie feeling her juices drip around the shaft of his penis. Sophie was moaning, she was and mesmerized by the excited cocks in front of her. "Ooo Jack that's good, ooo, yes, yes... I need a cock to suck... You!" Sophie looked at the blond man. "Bring your sexy dick here." The man did not hesitate and moved quickly in front of Sophie.

"Just wank it." said Sophie between her grunts. The man began wanking his cock against Sophie's face as she licked the head. She opened her mouth and begun sucking his penis as best she could. 

Jack continued fucking his girlfriend as she sucked a stranger's cock, he was so turned on he had to keep slowing down to prevent himself cumming.

"More... I want more dick!" exclaimed Sophie, "Bring me more cock!" Each of the men came forward and surrounded Sophie's face, their dicks eagerly awaiting her touch.

"Ooo, yes that's sooo big, fuck me you naughty boy! Fuck my little pussy! And you wank those cocks in my face. I want to taste you!" Sophie messily licked and sucked the cocks in front of her, "Ooo... I'm gonna cum." said Sophie loudly. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" she screamed as wave after wave of orgasm pulsed through her body. 

She moved off Jack's cock, exhausted, and sat back on the bench. She regained her composure and looked at the men cheekily.

"OK, here are the rules: I want each and every one of you to cum on me. You will all line up here," she pointed with her left hand "and I will call you forward. Whilst you are in the line I expect you to be wanking at all times, I will be keeping my eyes on you!" The men eagerly moved into position, each their dick in their hand. Sophie sat with her legs apart and composed herself, watching the show in front of her. She reached down and fingered her pussy.

"Mmm... OK, what dick shall I choose?" She said, like a child choosing their favourite sweet at a sweetshop. "OK... you!" She pointed at the man on the far right, with the messy brown hair. "Bring yours here please." The man walked slowly towards Sophie. She grabbed his pulsating cock with her right hand and guided him to stand in front of her face. She tilted back her head and stared into the man's face with her big brown eyes.

"OK, please could you jerk off into my face?"

The man seemed a little uncertain.

"Wank your cock into my face!!" The man gripped his penis with his right hand and began wanking. Sophie alternated staring from his eyes, to his cock. She was desperate for this man to cum on her! After a minute or so, she saw the man's legs tense and she knew he was near. His breathing sped up and he lowered his cock, aiming it straight for Sophie's face.
