 After graduating high school girlfriend broke up with me. I know, that's a down place to start the story, but it's an important place. I was staying in the city to go to college, she was going out of state. I had been broken up about it, but my friends had not. Alexis had been a bitch to them, and everyone else for that matter, but I was young, one of the schools star athletes, and she was a very hot cheerleader. As a teenager it seems like that is was all that mattered at the time. 

A little background information about myself. My name is Chris, I'm 6'5", around 200 pounds, and in extremely good shape. Between my physique, very good grades, a high SAT score, and a 9 inch cock, I had a lot to be confident about. That being said I was always the quiet one. It's not that I lacked confidence, I just never rocked the boat...didn't seek adventure. Probably why I dated a girl for four years all my friends hated. It was comfortable. 

When I got to college I had only been with two women, Alexis, and then one time we had a threesome with another cheerleader who was Alexis' best friend. I played a few sports in high school, and after a particularly impressive performance in a basketball game, we did it. Cliché, I know. 

I was playing soccer in college, and at a summer training camp I met my future roommate, Ben. This turned out to be a life changing event. We were both tall, very fit, attractive guys, who played a school sport and planned on going to law school. To Ben this meant we were going to rule the place once the semester started. 

Ben was extremely outgoing, and had very different views on life at the time than I did. Whereas I was a relationship guy, Ben had stuck mostly to friends-with-benefits in high school. He had a one night stand at freshman orientation, a one night event. When I got to school to move in the dorm, only one day after him, he already had met a new girl, who had left her panties in his bed. Now, when I got up for classes, it wasn't uncommon to see a naked woman I didn't recognize in his bed. 

We all had to check in at the gym every day for soccer. Ben always went early in the morning, and was usually back and already making breakfast by the time I got up to go to class. It had become a sort of routine, he would make enough food for both of us, and for whatever woman had spent the night with him. He would cover them up before he left, but occasionally they would get hot and push the sheets down, giving me a pleasant view early in the morning. 

This particular morning I work up and there was a very thin dark skinned woman laying alone in his bed. She had been there when I got home the night before, her and Ben already asleep, but in the dark I hadn't seen what she looked like. Now I was getting a full view. Ben had no real type. He was more of a boob guy, and I was more of a legs and ass guy, but he would sleep with anyone he found attractive which this woman was. She had kicked the covers completely off. She had long, slender, legs which led to a completely shaved pussy. She didn't look unhealthy, but was so thin you could see her shoulder blades and collarbone. Her small but nice breasts were accented by dark brown nipples, and covered with streaks what looked like the residue hastily wiped up cum. Her face was very pretty, framed by jet black hair. I later found out she was of Pakistani decent. 

I found Ben in the hallway kitchenette making breakfast. 

"Good morning," I said. "Seems you had another good night." 

"I did," he said. "Met her at a pledge mixer" 

Ben had pledged a fraternity. He was being red-shirted so coach had let him. 

"You always meet them at pledge mixers," I said. With as busy as we were that semester, he didn't really have time to meet them anywhere else. 

"That's true. But what about you?" he asked. "I thought you were staying at Erin's last night." 

Erin was a very funny, cute, chemistry major I had met the first week of school. She was an average height, petite, very dark skinned black woman. She had a very pretty face, shoulder length hair, and 34B breasts. We had hit it off and gone on a few dates. It had moved way faster than I expected. After our first date she had given me an amazing blowjob. A week later I went down on her, and then we had sex. We had slept together a few times since then, but last night hadn't gone so well. 

"Well, I was going to, but we split up," I told Ben. "Her sorority told her she couldn't date a white guy while pledging." 

He handed me a plate with some toast and fruit on it. "That sucks." He was sincere, but didn't seem to think it was as big of a deal as I did 

"Tell you what, it's Friday, and we don't have any practice or anything tomorrow night. Let's go grab a pizza and hang out, and we'll meet some new girls." he said smiling. 

I knew he would meet a girl, I figured I was just along for the ride. 

The next night we went to a pizza place just off campus that was popular with students. I was wearing a t-shirt that showed I was on the soccer team and shorts. Ben had on a Super Mario Bros. t-shirt, so I guessed he wasn't actually playing on picking up a girl for the night. It was a seat yourself kind of place, and it was a nice day so we decided to sit on the porch. 

When we got to the porch about half the tables were open. Rather than grab one, Ben walked over to a table with two girls who only had water and still had their menu's. 

"Do you two mind if we join you?" he asked. "I mean, since it's so full in here," he said motioning to the empty tables, "and you have two extra chairs I figured we could sit here if you didn't mind" 

The both giggled and we sat down with them. We sat across from each other. I was next to a very pretty curvy blonde named Nikki, and Ben was next to a tall, thin blonde with a a hair do I can only describe as "Emo" (you know, the long hair with bangs brushed kind of sideways), named Sarah. We started to chat, and ordered a large pizza. They turned out to be sophomores. 

"Oh damn," Ben said. "I was hoping you two would be at least juniors and able to buy us all beer." The both stated laughing. "Oh well, I guess we'll stay anyway on the count of you both seem cool and are both hot." 

Like I said, I wasn't a guy who wasn't confident, but I had never had the kind of confidence enough to just tell two women I had just met they were hot so flippantly. But these two were eating it up. Ben hit on Sarah, which surprised me because he was very much a "boob guy", but as I later found out, he had a thing for the emo look too. We chatted throughout dinner. They asked us what it was like playing a college sport, told us about their sorority, mostly small talk. When we finished dinner, Ben announced we had some beer in our room if they wanted to go back with us, which they eagerly agreed to. 

I walked across campus with Nikki's arm wrapped around mine, making small talk the entire time. She was a gorgeous woman. She was tall, about 5'8", but still a good bit shorter than me. She had very pale white skin, a defined face, and platinum blonde hair that went about midway down her back. She had on a low cut blue and white striped shirt, and from my height I could look straight down into her cleavage, She had pushed up breasts that I though had to be D cups. 

Ben and Sarah were walking in front if us. Sarah was tan, with a face full of freckles, and taller than Nikki. She had on jeans shorts that only went an inch or two down her extremely long legs. Her legs were toned, and a golden bronze color. She obviously spent time at the tanning salon, but not too much time to look weird or burnt. Ben had a hand over her shoulders, which he let slide down to her ass. She immediately put her hand on Ben's butt as well. I decided to try it. I untangled my arm from Nikki's and started to rub her back. Soon I was rubbing it over her ass, which wasn't large, but was much bigger than Sarah's. Nikki leaned in closer and put a hand around my waist and the other on my abs. 

"I'm having such a good time tonight," she told me as we got to our dorm. 

We got upstairs and started to have a few beers. Sarah and Ben were sitting on the futon, and Nikki and I were sitting across form them in Ben and my computer chairs. As the drinks started, the girls loosened up even more, and told us that tonight was originally going to be a girls only "because guys are assholes" night. They had gone to a party the night before, and the guys had been dicks to both of them. 

"I mean, I'm not as small as Sarah," Nikki was saying, "but I'm only a size 8. And some guy there was telling his friends he was only hitting on me because 'big girls try harder.'" 

"Are you kidding?" I asked, being serious. "You are gorgeous," I told her, being completely honest. 

"Aww, thank you!" she leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. "But still, I'd love to be s skinny as Sarah." 

"No way," Sarah said. "You remember what those guys said about me being flat chested? Telling that pledge that it made him 'a little gay' to be hitting on me cause I looked like a boy." 

"C'mon Sarah," Nikki replied, "You have nice boobs. I know, I've seen them." 

"Umm, they are 32A, guys want bigger, like yours. 36D right?" Nikki nodded yes. 

"Well I think 32A sounds wonderful," Ben said. "In fact, I can think of nothing more I would like to do right now, than have a tall, thin, gorgeous woman straddle me topless and let me kiss on her 32A breasts." 

Sarah laughed and said "Watch out, or I might make you put your money where your mouth it." 

Ben immediately quipped, "I'd rather you put your breasts where my mouth is." 

Apparently that was all it took. Sarah straddled Ben, her back to Nikki and me. She pulled her shirt off over her head, then reached behind herself an undid her bra. Her long blonde hair covered the top third of her back. We could see that she had no tan-lines on her back, as Ben's hands were rubbing up and down it. Her arms were wrapped around Ben's neck, and we could hear her gently moaning. Nikki's hand had moved to my lap and was rubbing my cock through my jeans as she watched. 

After a few seconds Sarah got off Ben's lap and sat back next to us, without putting her shirt back on. She was laughing and blushing. She did have small, but very nice breasts with light brown nipples which were both very wet and very erect.. 

"Sorry, was that awkward?" She noticed Nikki's hand on my crotch and bent over laughing. "Apparently not haha." 

Nikki was stammering that it was hot to watch and she didn't realize she had even been rubbing me. Sarah was on her side on the futon next to Ben, still topless, and still laughing uncontrollably. Ben was laughing too, and rubbing Sarah's side and back. Nikki was blushing, and trying to pivot away from the fact that Sarah and Ben had gotten her turned on. 

"Anyway, I think we have clearly established that there are hot guys who like petite women and small boobs." 

I saw an opening and decided to be a little more bold than usual. 

"Big boobs are good too though." I said, grinning at Nikki. "In fact, I can think of nothing more I would like to do right now, than have a gorgeous curvy woman straddle me topless and let me kiss on her 36D breasts" 

Nikki straddled me. "Is that what you want?" She asked me in a seductive voice. 

I nodded yes as she pulled her shirt over her head. She unclasped her bra with one hand then let it fall off her into my lap. Two gorgeous, massive breasts were hanging in front of my face. She had large pink nipples which were both erect. I reached up and grasped one tit in each hand, leaned forward and buried my face between them, kissing her chest. Then I took her left nipple into my mouth, then moved over to the right. She wrapped her arms around my chest and moaned as I sucked on her. 

I kissed all over her breasts for what felt like much longer than Ben had played with Sarah. I looked up at Nikki and she leaned her face down to mine. I opened my mouth and let my tongue meet hers. She let out another moan as we made out. We broke the kiss and Nikki got up to sit back on her chair. As soon as Nikki turned around she exclaimed "Oh My God" covered her face and buried it against me. 

I looked over and realized why. Sarah had Ben's cock out of his pants and was holding it in her hand. She looked at it then feigned surprise. 

"I didn't even realize I what I was doing!!" she said jokingly. "You two just got me so turned on I pulled out a dick and started to play with it without thinking about it! I didn't mean to I promise!" 

"Oh my god Sarah," Nikki exclaimed blushing. Then she looked at Ben's cock for a second before asking "Is it wet?" 

Sarah smiled, "Well, you two were taking so long I may have accidentally sucked on it without realizing it too." 

Ben put his cock away, and went to the mini-fridge, bringing back another round of beer, as well as four shots of vodka. Ben toasted "to our new, beautiful, topless friends" and we downed the shots. Neither of the girls made any attempt to put their shirts of bras back on. They kept telling stories about past parties they had been to, and talking about how much more fun they were having just hanging out in the dorm room. They had been roommates in a freshman dorm is how they met, and they pledged the same sorority. They had plenty of stories about getting drunk in their dorm the past year. 

We learned more about them. Nikki apparently only dated guys older than her, which was a bummer for me, but I still felt we may hook up that night even if nothing serious came out of it. Sarah was recently single, and adamant she would be single for a while. When she announced this she looked to Ben and said she was sorry if this disappointed him, and he said it was ok as long as she always delivered bad news while topless. 

Ben's pointing out again that they were topless made Nikki decide it wasn't fair that we still had shirts on. Ben and I both took our shirts off. We both were fit from our work out schedule for the team, and the girls obviously appreciated what they saw. Sarah complained though that it wasn't a big deal for guys to not have a shirt on. 

"Let's take out those dicks!" She said. 

"Well that wouldn't be fair either," Ben said. "We'd be completely naked and you two would still have shorts on." 

Sarah stood up and took her shorts and panties off, standing naked in front of the futon. She looked great. She obviously tanned naked because she had no tan-lines. Her completely bare pussy had a small shooting star tattoo right next to it. Ben stood up and got naked too, then sat back down. Sarah was about to sit back down but Ben stopped her. 

"What is it?" she asked. 

"There's something on your pussy," he said, "come closer so I can see." 

"Oh," she said, "It's just a tattoo, we got them last year." 

"No," he said, sounding curious, "It's something else." 

"What do you mean? What is it?" 

"Oh, it's just my tongue." he said. 

We then heard Sarah let out a surprised moan. Ben had grabbed her hips, pulled her to him and was giving her pussy what looked like a very passionate kiss. The surprise quickly wore off. She lifted her left leg and put it on the arm of the futon to spread herself apart for him. Then she grabbed his head with both hands as she bent over forward a little moaning wit pleasure. 

For a second Nikki and I laughed, then Nikki stood up and took of her shorts and panties. Her pussy was also completely shaved, and she had a hear tattoo in the same place Sarah had a shooting star. She got on her knees in front of me, said it was my turn, then undid my belt and took my shorts and boxers off. My cock was already rock hard and she immediately took it into her mouth. I reached down and squeezed her tits while she blew me. 

She looked up at me and asked, "You really do like my boobs don't you?" 

"They are the nicest I have ever played with," I answered. 

She smiled and leaned forward. She pressed her breasts together around my cock and started to rub them up and down on my shaft. I started to thrust against her, fucking her glorious rack with my cock. I leaned down and kissed her again. Our tongues swirled around in each others mouths while the soft skin of her tits pressed around my shaft. 

I broke our kiss and told her I wanted to go down on her. She said she didn't want to do that on the chair, because it wouldn't be comfortable enough, and asked if we could move to the futon. Ben was on his back on the futon with Sarah over him on all fours sucking his cock while he ate her pussy. He apparently heard Nikki though because he laughed and said they would make room. 

Sarah sat on the futon and Ben got on his knees in front of her. Nikki sat next to Sarah, by the time I got to her Ben already had two fingers in Sarah and was back to licking her pussy. I got on my knees in between Nikki's legs and started to go down on her, letting my tongue glide in small circles over her clit. 

I looked up and both the girls had their eyes closed, leaning back moaning. They were both gorgeous, but I was glad I was with Nikki. She was the first woman with some curves that I had been with. The first three women I was with were all short, slim, and all had B cup breasts. They we're all hot, but different body type than Nikki, and body types aside, none were as hot as she was. 

Nikki had her left hand grasping my hair, pushing my face down into her pussy. Her right arm was bent at the elbow so her hand was next to her face, and her fingers were intertwined with Sarah's. Sarah's other hand was grabbing Ben's hair the way Nikki was grabbing mine. I continued to work Nikki's pussy while looking up admiring both of them. They were both getting close to cumming. 

Sarah was first. She leaned over onto Nikki right before she came. I heard Nikki say "ow" really loudly, and looked up to realize Sarah was biting Nikki's shoulder to try not to scream and now had both of her hands holding Ben's head. Nikki used her right hand to push Sarah off her shoulder and Sarah let out a scream of pleasure, then screamed that she was cumming. I heard a wet sound from next to me. Sarah's face had fallen to Nikki's breasts, and her right hand was now reached across her and squeezing Nikki's tits harder than I think she meant to, while her left hand was still on Ben's head. 

Nikki was seconds from cumming when Sarah finished. As soon as Sarah finished cumming I heard her make a loud, hungry moan, then I heard a surprised, higher pitched moan from Nikki. I looked up and the two women were passionately making out. Nikki's legs squeezed together and she broke away from Sarah and looked down at me. Her voice got really high and she stated to whimper. 

"I'm cumming, oh shit, shit, shit, fuck, fuck, FUCK!" 

Her legs clenched tighter. She bent over and grabbed my head with both hands. I held her waist with one hand and grabbed one of her breasts with the other. Sarah was squeezing Nikki's other breast. Soon her hands and legs both loosened, freeing my head. She was panting. Sarah was laughing. 

In between breaths Nikki stated to speak. "Oh..my god... Sarah..did you squirt?" 

Ben started to laugh. "Yeah she did." 

"Stop it," whined Sarah wile gently pretending to smack Ben. "That doesn't usually happen." 

Ben's face and chest was soaked. He grabbed a towel and whipped up himself then the floor. 

"Then her inner lesbian took over," he said. 

"Now THAT has never happened before," she said laughing. "And I think Nikki enjoyed it too." 

Nikki put her hand on Sarah's face. "I actually kind of did," she said. She then leaned over and gave Sarah another kiss. 

"You two can do that as long as you want," Ben said. 

The girls started to giggle. Sarah asked if Nikki wanted to, and Nikki smiled, giggled and nodded. Ben had grabbed two more beers for us. He handed me one, then we clinked the bottles while watching the girls make out. 
