 My name is Amee. I am 24 years old and I am currently working as a volunteer in a remote community educational project in Southeast Asia. The conditions are very Spartan and the nights are long, my only enjoyment being my thoughts, fantasies and fingers.

To pass the time, I started to document my sexual experiences for my own pleasure because it makes my experiences come to life on paper, and, frankly, writing them and reading them makes me horny and helps my fingers to 'walk'. Then I thought that it would be interesting to share them with others and discover whether I was just a horny slut, or, if there were others out there who might be interested.

My parents own a cattle station in a remote part of northern Australia and my early schooling years were home tuition via the School of the Air. I didn't get to meet many people of my own age during those years until I was 16 when my parents sent me to boarding school in Adelaide. I was a rather shy and reserved sort of a girl, due to the fact of my remote upbringing no doubt, and I found it rather difficult to make friends at first. With the exception of my two elder brothers, I had virtually no experience of interacting with boys and no sexual education whatsoever.

My one very close friend was Bobbie who I roomed with at school. Bobbie was from Darwin, a couple of hundred kilometers from my home, we became very close. Bobbie was a beautiful girl, her mother was from Singapore and her father was Australian, she has a beautiful light olive complexion with straight, jet black hair that falls to her waist and frames the doll-like features of her face. Our relationship was very strong, and it was within that friendship that my sexual awareness blossomed.

Bobbie was a very extrovert sort of person and seemed to know how to interact and flirt with the boys at school and although she had never actually been with a guy, we would, like most girls of that age I suppose, spend hours talking about boys and sex as if we had a world of experience. It was a beautiful relationship and we grew closer every day.

Bobbie and I both gained a place at the Darwin University and it was arranged between her parents and mine that I would stay with Bobbie at her parent's house for each university semester. Bobbie's parents were filthy rich and they owned a huge house on about 20 acres of land with a huge swimming pool and tennis courts just outside of Darwin. It was a wonderful time of my life and our relationship developed on to a whole new and sensual level.

I had my own room at her house and Bobbie had a huge bedroom with a TV and video player. Most nights I would sneak into her room and we would turn the air conditioner up high and curl up together in our pj's under the sheets in Bobbie's bed and watch TV or video's and talk about sexual fantasies. Although we were both just turned 18, we were both still virgins.

Bobbie had a step-brother, her father had died some years ago and her mother had only recently re-married. Her step-father's son, Brett, had also moved in. He was twenty and was a typically bronze, good looking, athletic Aussie boy. We both thought he was an Adonis and both Bobbie and I were madly in love with him.

Bobbie would flirt with Brett and tease him at every opportunity, It was obvious that he was attracted to her, but I think he was a bit intimidated by her because he was a couple of years older than her, and, technically, her step-brother..

Our sex education at that stage consisted of 'Penthouse' magazine and porn video's, a secret store of which Bobbie had found one day when she was sneaking around in Brett's room when he was out, so she would occasionally pinch one of each and we would read the magazine and play the movies in Bobbie's room. So we knew all about boys, (or thought we did.) How they got hard when they were with girls and how good it might feel when they put it inside you. We would hold our breath in anticipation when the guy on the movie pulled out of the girl and she would masturbate him until he came all over her tummy, and we would wonder what it would feel like to feel a guy ejaculate inside us.

Every porno' has, of course, the obligatory scene of two girls getting it on together with the guy watching and jerking himself until he comes and we would talk about what it would feel like to let Brett watch us, and if he would want to stroke himself while we did things in front of him. We even shaved our pubes so that we would look like the girls in the movies.

We would lie in Bobbie's bed together, watch the movie and talk about Brett and imagine what it would be like to let him fuck us. We would lay there for hours and masturbate ourselves while we talked and then we would take our pj's off and play with each other and try to imitate the girls we saw on the movies when they fingered each other. It was just a giggly schoolgirl sort of thing at first but it wasn't long before we discovered the wonderful sensation of orgasms and we could make each other come.

I loved looking at Bobbie's beautiful body and her small breasts as I knelt beside her on the bed. She would tell me how to move my fingers on her and where to kiss her. I especially loved to watch the expression on her face when I made her come, and when she did it to me, she would lay her face on my tummy and her long, black hair would cascade over my naked body. I would close my eyes and fantasize about Brett as she worked her fingers against the soft, sensitive lips of my vagina, moving them faster as my thighs opened wider and my hips arched off the bed, working to the tune of her fingers.

I would clutch her hair in my fist as I was about to cum, and she would slip her slim finger inside me as I clasped her hand, pressing it hard between my legs, slobbering incoherently in my orgasmic spasms.

When we had watched the movie we would read the stories and look at pictures in Penthouse. We would sit naked in our favorite position, me with my back against the head of her bed, with a pillow behind me with my legs open and knees drawn up, and Bobbie sitting between my legs with her back to me. Bobbie would read the graphic stories aloud and I would look over her shoulder. In this position I could put my arms around her and finger her sweet little slit and fondle her gorgeous, small breasts. At the same time, I could press the lips of my own puss' hard against the small of her back and work it hard against her.

We would play for hours like that, and when we were building up to an orgasm, I would use two fingers on her, I would use the tip of my middle finger to work firm little circles against her clit', and slip my other middle finger inside her and work it in and out. She would put her hand around her back between my legs and put her finger in me.

As I finger-fucked Bobbie I would pull her tight against me, trapping her hand between my groin and her back and work myself off on her finger until we both came.

It wasn't long before we also discovered the way we could use our lips and tongues on each others puss', using our tongues like soft, slippery little cocks in each others vaginas. We both made a promise to each other that, when we both got boyfriends, we would share them, just like they did in the movies.

One Friday afternoon after uni', we had dumped our stuff in our rooms and put on our bathers to go for a swim. My bathers were one-piece as my mum wouldn't let me have a bikini, but Bobbie put on her brief bikini, it was small and white and contrasted wonderfully with her light, olive skin.

We went down to the pool to find Brett and one of his friends, John. John was the same age as Brett, Bobbie and I both knew John as he was often at their house, he was a good looking guy with dark hair and a great body, he and Brett were both in the uni' footy team and he was also one of the guys Bobbie and I would talk about when we played around in bed.

The boys were splashing around in the pool when we came through the gate and shouted for us to come in. We sat on the edge of the pool dangling our feet in the water and the guys came over to us. John stood in front of me and grabbed my legs, just below the knees and tried to pull me in. I struggled against him, protesting that the water was too cold, although I didn't struggle too much because the feel of his hands on my legs felt good.

"Ok." he said, "I'll lift you in slowly." He reached up, put his hands under my arms, lifted me and suspended me above the water in front of him. My legs and thighs were in the water, resting against his chest. It felt as if my tummy was melting, it was a similar sort of feeling that I got when Bobbie fingered me but it was the first time I had felt it with a boy, in fact, it was the first time that I had ever been so close to a boy.

He lowered me slowly into the water but kept me close to him so that my body sort of slid against his as he lowered me down. I could feel his shorts against my legs, and, Oh God! as my hips slid against his, I could feel his cock pressing against me through his shorts, he had an erection. He didn't lower me all the way down because the water was up to his chest and would have come over my head so he held me close against himself and started to wade slowly towards the shallow end of the pool.

I cannot possibly describe the way my body reacted; I was waking up to new and incredible sensations. As he waded towards the shallows, the water pressure against my back was pushing my body firmly against his and I could feel the whole length of his hard cock pressing against my tummy. John knew that I could feel it, it would have been impossible for him not to know.

His arms were around my waist, he lowered one of his hands, cupped my small arse and lifted me higher, and, as if of their own accord, my legs wound around his hips under the water, my arms went around his neck and I buried my face into the side of his neck.

His rigid cock was now pressing hard between my legs and, as he waded, the movement of his hips caused his erection to press and move against the lips of my vagina beneath my bathers. I tightened the grip of my legs around his waist and pulled him harder against me and he gripped my arse harder, grinding his cock against me through the fabric of my bathers. I was sobbing and gasping into his neck and wishing that the two layers of fabric between his hard shaft and the sensitive lips of my slit would disappear.

When we reached waist deep water he sank to his knees and I did the same. We were kneeling, facing each other and John just looked at me and touched the side of my face with his fingertips, his other hand was resting on my waist, holding me close to him, he was a lot taller than me and I could feel the end of his cock pressing hard against my body, just above my navel.

At 18, other than on the porn' movies, I had never seen a penis, hard or otherwise before. It is impossible to describe the sorts of emotions and thoughts that were going through my head as I felt John's hard cock pressing against me in the pool.

According to the instruction manual, (Penthouse,) boys got erections when they were with a girl they wanted to fuck, and fuck, of course equaled love in my immature thinking. How could John, a gorgeous 20, (nearly 21 year old) love me and want to fuck me, a skinny 18 year old, (I didn't consider myself attractive at that stage.) As we knelt there facing each other, the end of his stiff shaft seemed to be burning a warm, fuzzy hole in my tummy and the look he was giving me was making my whole body tremble uncontrollably.

My hand was resting on his waist under the water, I desperately wanted to touch and hold his cock, but afraid in case I was doing something that I was not supposed to do. I closed my eyes, (I don't know why.) and moved my hand under the water to the front of the waistband of his shorts, but, just as I was about to drop my hand down I heard a sudden 'Thwak.'

I opened my eyes and saw that Brett had thrown a water polo ball from the other end of the pool and it had struck John on the back of the head. He and Bobbie had been splashing around at the other end of the pool and were shouting at us to have a game, the girls against the guys. As the ball hit John, he had quickly stood up to throw it back. I was still on my knees, and as he stood up in front of me, his hips came above the surface and I gasped as I saw the huge bulge his hard-on made as it pushed the front of his shorts out like a tent.

Whilst I had felt his cock pushing against me under the water, I didn't have any perception of how big it actually was. I suddenly had a flashback to Penthouse, and how a girl, if she loved a guy and they were fucking each other, would actually take a guy's cock in her mouth, suck it, and tease it with her lips and tongue, and sometimes she would let him come in her mouth. John's voice brought me back to reality,

"Come on." he said, "we had better go and join in or they will wonder what we are doing."

We played ball for a while. There was lots of body contact and I made sure that a lot of that contact was between John and I. Whenever we were in contact I devised every ploy that I could to make sure my wrist, my arm or some part of me brushed against the front of his shorts where the bulge of his cock was still evident, he in turn seemed to be taking every opportunity to slide his hands against me, touching my breasts and thighs whenever we came together.

My biggest surprise though was once, when I was holding the ball in front of me, about to throw it to Bobbie, Brett came up behind me and grabbed me around the waist to stop me throwing it and I felt the length of his cock pressing against the cheeks of my butt, he held on to me for a while, even though I had let go of the ball and thrust his hips hard against me. It was definitely hard. This was all very confusing. Did they both want to fuck me?

As the game progressed though, I thought I was beginning to put two and two together, because Brett and Bobbie were spending a lot of time horsing around, even when they didn't have the ball.

Eventually we grew tired of the game. I wanted to stay in the pool with John, but at the same time I couldn't wait to be alone with Bobbie to tell her what had happened. But she and Brett had drifted off to the far end of the pool leaving John and I on our own.

We both seemed to feel a bit awkward for a couple of minutes; it was like he didn't want to talk to me. I felt crestfallen and swam to the side of the pool and sat on the steps, the water up to my neck and my head resting on the step.

After a few minutes John swam over to me.

"Can I join you?" he said. I moved to one side and the steps were just wide enough for him to sit at the side of me.

When we were side by side it was a tight fit and the side of his thigh was pressed close to mine. The feel of his skin against me seemed to bring on the same sort of warm, tingly feeling in my tummy that I get when Bobbie and I used hold our bodies close and touch each other.

He didn't say anything for a while, we watched Brett and Bobbie wrestling and horsing around at the other end of the pool, I was just enjoying the feeling of him sitting close to me. John seemed to be thinking about something, his mind seemed miles away, then, suddenly, he turned his face towards me.

"Do you like me?" he asked suddenly.

I was stunned, like him! He was the first boy who had ever paid any attention to me, of course I liked him, I was in love with him. "Yes." I replied quietly, "Of course I like you." and waited with baited breath for several minutes, praying that he would say more, but he fell silent again for some time.

Bobbie and Brett had suddenly gone silent at the other end of the pool. They were on the same side of the pool as we were. Brett had backed Bobbie against the side of the pool, they were standing with the water up to their chests and Brett's body was pinning her against the wall. Bobbie had both her arms around his neck, Brett's hands were under the water and their faces were close together, whispering and smiling. Oh God! He had his hand on her breast and they were kissing. Both John and I saw it. Brett seemed to push his lower body against her and it lifted Bobbie higher in the water, exposing her chest for a moment. Brett had pushed her top up, uncovering her small breast and his left hand was caressing it,

"Looks like they're enjoying themselves." John said smiling. All I could do was blush.

As we watched them, John shifted his body. I almost panicked, I thought he was going to swim off and leave me sitting there, the truth was, the feel of his naked arms and thighs against mine had turned me on big time, the first time ever with a boy. He wasn't leaving me however, he just made me panic even more by slipping his arm around me. I looked in the direction of the other two to see if they had noticed, but they were too wrapped in each other to notice, anyway, John had slipped his arm over my right shoulder and under my left arm, his hand beneath the water and resting just above my waist.

He must have mistaken the sudden rigidness of my body for resistance as he immediately started to pull his arm away.

"Sorry, I didn't think you would mind." he said. I immediately grabbed his hand and pulled it back around my waist.

"Oh Fuck! I don't mind." I spluttered. I immediately bit my tongue and thought, "That was a fucking sophisticated thing to say."

But I was in heaven. As I put his hand back on me, I left my hand on top of his and he slowly spread his fingers so that my fingers intertwined with his under the water. He pulled me closer and I let my head rest on his shoulder. God! I wanted to spend the rest of my life just sitting there like that.

We both looked back towards Bobbie and Brett. The hand he had been using to fondle her breast was now under the water, his arm between their bodies as he pressed up close to her. We could see his arm moving around between them, as if he were fumbling around for something. 

"What are those two playing at?" I whispered to John.

"Can't you guess?" he replied. 

Then it dawned on me, he was fingering her and Bobbie was obviously enjoying it. Her head was leaning back against the side of the pool and her eyes were closed and she was hanging tightly on to his neck, the movement of the lower part of her body was making little waves in the pool as she appeared to be thrusting her hips back and forth against his hand.

John and I watched as Brett lifted his hand out from between them, reach around his neck, take Bobbie's hand and pull it down between them. Her arm was still for a moment but then started to move under the water, and, whatever she was doing was certainly pleasing Brett, even with such a distance between us, both John and I could hear Brett let out a long, ecstatic groan.

It became obvious that she was masturbating Brett under the water. My hand tightened its grip on John's around my waist and he pulled my body harder against his and moved onto his side so that the front of his body was pressing against my outer thigh. There it was again, the firm shaft of his cock, hard against my thigh. I could feel it sort of jerk and convulse against my thigh as we watched the other two, as if it had a mind of its own. The antics of Brett and Bobbie was obviously exciting John as much as they were me.

Brett and Bobbie moved quickly towards the steps at the far end of the pool, Brett climbed out and Bobbie followed. When he was out of the water, he turned to give his hand to Bobbie. Even at that distance I could see his huge erection in his shorts. As Bobbie climbed the steps, her arse cleared the water and she paused to pull up one side of her bikini bottom at the back where it had been pulled down to reveal a small, firm buttock.

Brett turned to us and shouted, "Back soon." and they vanished hand in hand through the pool gate in the direction of the tennis court.
