 A friend of mine asked me about my most memorable experience, so I thought I would put it down on paper. Well, the computer anyway. I hope you enjoy it, and feedback is always welcome. 

* * * * *

A few years ago, long before I met my husband and shortly after I turned 18, I went to work at the local renaissance festival. It wasn't much money and it was a long drive, but it was an experience that everyone should have. At the interview, I was told that with my figure (very curvy, very bosomy) that I'd probably be walking around in a tight corset for the run of the faire. No problem, it was only a weekend faire, so I shouldn't have a problem. I was hired as a kissing wench right away. 

The time came to get fitted for my costume, and the masochist that put me in a corset made it so tight that my breasts were almost up to my neck. Not an easy task for natural DD's. But, enjoying the look, I didn't complain much. I was thrown into a full skirt and leather shoes and sent on my way with a tube of bright, whore's red lipstick. The point of my job was to walk around and flirt with men, and them paying me to give them big smackeroos on the cheek, chest, anything and everything above the waist. Then, after the kiss(es) the men would put money down my cleavage. The faire would take 10% of what I made, and I'd keep the rest. Not very PC, but who cares? It was "medieval times."

The first few days saw me trying to become more of a brazen flirt, trying to overcome my shyness and become a character. I made friends with a beautiful girl named Payne. She was the anti-me. My coloring is dark with pale skin and of average height, with curves. She was a tall, slender beautiful blond girl, with a golden coloring and bright, playful blue eyes. We quickly made friends and we decided to work the faire together. She was 21, and had been doing the wench gig for a few years and gave me a few pointers. I'd love to divulge what those were, but it's a wench's secret. 

The first couple of weekends consisted of her & I wandering around the park, flirting heavily with the patrons, and basically picking & choosing the people who we thought would give us the most cash. Most were dressed in street clothes, but there were always the princes, knightsmen and wizards. Sometimes we'd have women come up to us and ask us to kiss their men so they could embarrass them, take pictures and whatnot. I had also found that I was slowly becoming attracted to Payne, which was quite strange for me at the time. I had never even thought of being with a woman before, and the idea was almost scary to me. But, being as shy as I was in person, I would have never told her about my feelings or made a pass at her. So, I would go through the day wondering what it would be like to kiss her and lay beside her. Sometimes she'd tell me about her ex boyfriend and talk about the wonderful things he used to do to her body and how good he was in bed. I found myself wishing that I could make her think that way about me as well. 

After the faire shut it's doors for the night, then the real fun would begin. The fellas that the other wenches would keep with them throughout the day would stay after hours and basically tear up the joint. Thankfully, it was a huge outside venue and the trash people were quite friendly. Payne & I would stay late, watching the men that the ladies kept behind and rated them on looks, just wasting the time. Neither one of us wanted to go home because it was so fun to just be there. The wenches would take their men into a huge tent and basically do whatever they wanted. There was games, drinking, sex, singing -- basically what you would think of medieval times in the first place. 

One night we decided to go into the tent and see what kind of trouble we could get into. Payne was more outspoken than I, and she was always the first to lead me places. The usual debauchery was going on as normal, and she dragged me over to a not-so-medieval game of truth or dare. There was about 4 women and handful of guys that worked the faire, telling secrets and kissing and such. Nothing had gone too far - yet. When Payne & I sat down, there was one of the "princesses" that waked the faire ground bumping and grinding to some music played by a radio snuck in by one of the vendors. 

Everyone was having a great time watching the snobby girl doing their bidding. When she had finished her dance, everyone clapped and hooted and hollered and such. Since she had just completed a dare, she was the next to go. They went round the circle, with the dares getting more & more raunchy. Finally, one of the vendors (that I had an extreme crush on) asked me if I wanted a truth or dare, seeing that I was watching instead of playing. I tried to tell him that I wasn't interested and tried to shrug it off. He slid up next to me and said, "If you're here, you're going to play," and looked at me with intense black eyes. I managed to stutter out that I would take a dare and a wonderfully evil look appeared on his face. As the smile grew, he said "I want you to go down on Payne, right here, in front of all of us, and make her cum all over your face."

My jaw dropped to the floor, and I almost refused. Then, my mind had reminded me that over the past weeks that I had found myself attracted to her more & more. I figured it was my newfound hormones working into overtime and it was just my imagination. So, getting my courage up I looked over to Payne. She looked like someone had just spoken to her in a different language, her eyes squinted and her mouth was slightly open. "What?" she said, and I was worried that she'd run away screaming. She slowly came back to reality and looked at me. "If you don't want me to, I'll decline the dare." I said, hoping in my mind that she wouldn't. She slowly shook her head, saying that a dare was a dare and that I should take it. Surprised, I saw the gleam of naughtiness come back into her eye, the gleam that was there when she found an attractive man to kiss. So, I looked at the rest of the group, and all of them had a hungry look in their eyes and I figured that I'd put on a great show. 

I slid over to Payne, and looked at her with a half 'I'm sorry' look, and half wanton lust. I decided that I'd give her a kiss, I had wanted to kiss those sweet lips for so long. I gently kissed her on the mouth, teasing her lips with my tongue. She got the hint and opened her mouth as well. We kissed for a lingering moment and began to roam our fingers over one another. We were still dressed in our outfits, and even though there was easy access to her pussy, I wanted to do this right. I laid her back on the wooden table (which we had sat on due to the behest of the group around us) and began to untie her corset. I pulled the strings slowly and felt her body relax, something which happened when you took off a corset, no matter who you were. I pulled down the neck of her chemise and exposed her beautiful, full breasts. I ran my finger over a hard pink nipple, enjoying the feeling of it growing harder under my touch. I broke from the kiss and moved down to her breasts, sucking the nipple into my mouth, rolling her hard flesh around my tongue. A soft moan escaped her mouth and it made me want to lick her even more. I nibbled on her nipples for a moment more, tasting her and wishing I could make this last longer, but I knew everyone wanted to see the good stuff. 

While teasing her perfect nipples with my tongue, I slowly began to raise her skirt & chemise. Underneath she wore nothing, which was the norm for the wenches around there. I let my hand work it's way down to the soft cunt that was exposed to everyone, and began tease the skin on her inner thighs. I felt the heat radiating from her pussy, and couldn't take it anymore. I moved my body down hers and felt her shift underneath me while she spread her legs wide open. I was kneeling with my elbows to the table, with my ass high in the air, so when I got down to her sweet pussy, I decided to tease her for a bit, until I saw the seeping wetness that almost dripped down to her ass. I took my finger and ran it up the length of her sweet slit and her swollen clit popped into full view. 

I licked the wetness off of my finger and decided that it wasn't as bad as I thought it to be. Now, I had never done this before, so I was going off of instinct and what I thought I might like. I moved forward and started my tongue between her clit and hole, trying to decide where to go first. I slid my tongue down into her tiny hole and began to tongue fuck her with all my heart and soul. My fingers played with her clit as my tongue became bathed in her sweet juices and I felt her shudder, and knew she was already close to cumming for me. I wasn't even near to being done so I slowed down my assault on her cunt. I pulled my tongue out of her pussy and licked her maddeningly slow up to her clit. Letting it roll on my tongue as I did with her nipple, I closed my mouth around it, sucking ever so slightly. I felt her fingers tangle into my hair, pulling my face fully into her. 

As I was sucking that tasty little clit, I flicked my tongue over the very tip of it, as fast and as light as I could, while sliding 2 fingers inside of her. I barely noticed when the vendor who had made the bet pushed my skirt up over my waist and began rubbing his cock between my soaking wet pussy lips. All I knew is that I could have sucked on this wonderful pussy forever. I slid another finger into her wetness and began to lick harder, as he pushed his hard cock deep inside of me. Now, I wasn't a virgin, but I hadn't lost my cherry yet if you know what I mean. With one hard push, he broke me with a thick, long cock. I squeezed my eyes tightly against the pain and began to throw myself deeper into Payne's pussy to take my mind off of my hurting cunt. I nibbled on her pussy lips as I began to fuck her with my fingers, and tease her to the brink of insanity. 

As the vendor was pumping away on my sore pussy, I looked up from my dessert and saw the group who had been watching us before playing with themselves. A few were fucking, some were masturbating, but all I knew is it was the most erotic thing I had ever seen. The bump & grind princess was facing us with her eyes closed and taking it deep in the ass from one of the princes. After watching this lovely sight for a quick moment, I felt the pain slowly start to drain away from my pussy as he pounded me from behind. I decided to finish Payne off, she had been so close for so long now, and I wanted to bring relief to my beautiful friend. 

I stopped nibbling on her hairless cunt lips and went back to her engorged clit. I clamped my lips around it and began to flick my tongue faster than before. I slid another finger into her, making her tight hole stretch for me. My face and tongue were covered in her silky wetness and I wanted more, I wanted her to cum on my face and I wanted to lick it out of her. The vendor who was pumping me was watching the whole thing and I heard him groan as if he was close. While bringing my thumb up to her clit to keep up the attack, I turned to him and said "Don't cum yet, I want to swallow you whole, but I want to finish here first." At first, it looked like he didn't hear me, but when I was about to repeat myself, he slowed down so he was just barely moving in and out of my tight cunt. I went back down to her hard clit and continued my assault on her perfect little pussy. 

She began to shudder as I flicked the tip of my tongue on her clit, making her pull my face deeper into her. I started to finger her faster while my tongue was merciless, and I felt her become tighter as she began her long needed cum. I heard her moan loudly and as I felt the final twitch in her pussy, I took my fingers out of her and slid my tongue down into her so I could catch her cum. Her entire body tensed up, and I felt her hole close around my tongue. I began to suck as hard as I could, pulling all the cum I could out of her. After a long moment of her loud moans and a tongueful of her sweet juices, I had almost forgotten about the hot guy who had his cock inside of me. I lifted my cum covered face up to look at Payne, she was lying there playing with her still-hard nipples, looking quite satisfied. She opened her eyes to me and we smiled at each other with a new found friendship. 

As we looked at each other with a new kind of wonder, I felt the man behind me begin to push deeper inside of me, pushing harder. I closed my eyes and concentrated on my pussy, feeling the beginnings of a hard cum. I squeezed my pussy (many years of training for men like him) and heard him moan "Oh shit..." as he pushed harder to get inside of me. He grabbed my waist with his huge hands and began to slam into me as hard as he could go. After the sweet cum my friend had, I wasn't too far behind. My pussy contracted involuntarily as I began to cum hard. I threw my head back with a silent scream as the pain & pleasure of my first real orgasm jolted through my body. My whole body shook hard as Payne watched me, moving her hands back down to her swollen pussy to pleasure herself.

Sweat poured from my forehead as my body went into the final stage of the orgasm. I squeezed my cunt as hard as I could, trapping him in my wetness. As I spasmed around his too-big cock, he said "Oh Christ, I can't take it anymore..I gotta cum.." I released my pussy with the final jolt and he pulled out of me. I quickly turned around and took his already spurting cock into my mouth. I could taste my wetness on him as I sucked him down my throat. His jizz shot down my throat as I almost choked on it, not wanting to miss a drop. He grabbed my head and pushed himself all the way into my mouth and let his head fall back breathlessly. After I had swallowed all of him down my throat, he pulled out with a wet pop. He looked down at me, a small drop of cum in the corner of my mouth, and a drop down my chin, with the same evil smile he had made the dare with and kissed me hard on the lips. 

The night went on & on, with the small group of people in an endless orgy of fucking, eating each other and things I had never seen or even dreamt of before. When the morning came in through the tent flap doors, we pulled ourselves together and walked to our cars with huge satisfied smiles. The rest of the ren faire weekends were just as memorable. Sometime, I'll tell you another story of the escapades.