 It was a beautiful Saturday morning in Colorado. Matthew and Suzanne had planned a hike for the day in the national park. Suzanne looked great in her short jeans shorts and tank top. The backpack she was wearing pulled her shoulders back just slightly which made her large breasts stand up on her chest. Matthew couldn't keep his eyes off of her. They started up a long trail that wound through the pines and past several lakes. They walked for several miles just enjoying the scenery. Soon, they decided to stop for a light lunch. 

They found a shaded place in the trees next to a small lake. They laid out their blanket and spread out their lunch. They brought cheese, crackers, fruit, and some red wine. They fed each other and enjoyed the intimacy in such a beautiful place. It was incredibly exciting being alone in the openness of the outdoors. Matthew asked Suzanne if she would remove her top and shorts, and she quickly did. She was wearing a sexy, red lace, bra and panty set. His cock quickly grew under his shorts. Suzanne immediately noticed and reached for his zipper. She undressed him until he was sitting there in his navy blue boxer briefs. 

They kissed passionately and rolled around on the blanket. Matthew found the clasp for her bra and released her large breasts. She squealed when he sucked her nipple into his mouth, and then began to moan as he laid her back and nibbled on her sensitive nipples. She reached down and began to rub her swollen clit as he continued to enjoy her beautiful tits. Suzanne was getting really worked up and begged him to move his mouth lower. He began to kiss his way down her sexy stomach. He tongued her navel and she moaned and again begged him to eat her. He moved his fingers over her still panty-covered crotch and rubbed her pussy through the lacy fabric. 

He then licked around the edges of the crotch of her panties. She yelled at him to stop teasing her, but still had that beautiful smile on her face. He moved the panties aside and licked her clit. She jumped and pulled his face into her pussy. He dug his tongue in between her wet lips. He was kneeling next to her and she reached up to release his hard cock. He was bent over fingering her wet pussy and nibbling on her throbbing clit, when he felt her warm mouth engulf the head of his cock. He moaned into her soaked pussy. She sucked hard and stroked his cock. They both worked hard to make the other cum. Suzanne went first and shook with pleasure. 

Matthew removed his tongue and massaged her softy with his fingers. She never let his cock slip from her mouth. The moans from Suzanne had vibrated from her mouth onto his cock and made him ready to explode. She pushed her face into his stomach as his hard shaft slid down her throat. This was too much for him and he exploded into her mouth. She swallowed every drop as he slowly fucked her mouth. They lay back, exhausted. Suzanne slipped out of her soaking wet panties and just lay there looking into his eyes. She had a huge smile on her face, and thanked him. He thanked her back and kissed her.

As they packed up to continue their hike, Matthew asked Suzanne if she would continue their hike without her top. She smiled at him and said they should both hike in just their shorts. Suzanne slipped on her shorts, without her panties and packed her backpack. She looked great with her sexy tits sticking out between the straps of the backpack as they started up the trail. The sun felt great on her bare tits. She commented that the tan lines that Matthew loved so much might fade today. 

He laughed and told her with the backpacks, they may both have some strange new tan lines today. He could not help reaching over and giving her nipples a feel. She just smiled and turned her chest toward him. He told her that they might not get very far on the trail with her looking so sexy. She just smiled and bounced her chest a little more. They turned a corner on the trail and saw a photographer taking pictures of the landscape. He immediately turned and saw them. Matthew was startled and looked at Suzanne, but she was calm and just waived at the photographer. 

This made Matthew smile. He loved that she was so comfortable being seen topless by a strange man. The photographer held his camera in the air and Suzanne leaned against a tree as if to pose for him. He came closer and took a picture of her. Matthew's cock was throbbing in his shorts. Suzanne slipped the backpack from her shoulders and sat on a rock. She looked at the photographer and posed for him again. Soon, she was posing and he was taking pictures as fast as he could. She looked at Matthew and unbuttoned her shorts. He smiled and she slid them down her legs. 

The photographer stopped and stared. She posed again and looked at him. He slowly began taking pictures again. He moved closer with every snap and soon could not have been capturing more than a single breast in the picture. He reached out and touched her large breasts and looked at her for a reaction. She nodded to Matthew and the photographer looked at him. He smiled and nodded his approval. The photographer dropped his camera and used both hands to maul her marvelous tits. Suzanne closed her eyes and enjoyed the attention. 

Matthew walked behind her, put his hands on her hips and kissed her neck. She turned her head so that her lips met his and they kissed deeply. She reached out and felt the photographer's cock through his shorts. He moaned and leaned into her hand. She unzipped his shorts and pulled his hard dick out. She stroked him as he softened his touch on her breasts. She looked the photographer in the eyes, smiled, and dropped to her knees to kiss the head of his hard penis. Matthew just rubbed her back as she began to take the man's cock deeper into her mouth. By the look on the man's face, Suzanne knew it wasn't going to take long. 

She sucked harder and then buried his shaft in her throat. He immediately began to shake and shot his cum down her throat. She just smiled as it ran down her throat. Matthew grabbed her backpack and she put her shorts back on. The photographer handed her his card and said to call if she wanted any of the pictures. They thanked him and headed forward on the trail.

After about 15 minutes of walking without saying a word, they looked at each other and started laughing. Suzanne asked what he thought about what happened back there. He just smiled, took her hand and placed it on the bulge in the front of his shorts. She smiled back, and asked if he had been hard the whole time. He said yes, and she groaned. She asked if he wanted her to take care of his hard-on, but he told her to wait. They continued walking hand in hand. About an hour later, they reached the end of the trail. It ended at a beautiful lake and clearing that had about a dozen deer grazing. It was absolutely gorgeous. 

They walked around the lake and saw a couple sitting off in the trees. The guy looked up and about dropped his tongue looking at Suzanne's tits. The girl just smacked him and then smiled at them. They continued walking and then decided to lie out their blanket in a place that was somewhat secluded. They lay in each other's arms and kissed softly. It felt so good to just relax in each other's arms and let their soft lips touch. Soon Matthew's hands were caressing her soft breasts and her nipples were aching to be touched. He softly pulled on her nipples and she moaned into his mouth. He asked if she wanted to make love to him, and she screamed yes even before the question was finished. He slid her shorts over her hips and down her sexy legs. 

He slid two fingers along her lips and was surprised to see how wet she was. She just smiled and told him she was ready. He slipped his shorts off, and slowly entered her. They moved slowly together, just kissing and softly making love. She had wanted him inside her all day. They were in no hurry, and it just felt good to be so connected. After a while, Suzanne was really building to an orgasm and rolled him over and rode his stiff rod. She was still gentle, but with a definite goal in mind. As she rode him, she heard noises coming from behind them. 

At this point, she didn't care and kept up riding him. She was getting close to a powerful orgasm and was not going to give that up for anything. She looked around as she rode Matthew a little harder now. He was so deep inside her and she had never felt better. She still did not see anyone, but the thought of getting caught excited her even more. She was getting very close to cumming all over his hard cock and she was moaning loudly. He was massaging her tits and then pulled her down to suck on her hard nipples. She closed her eyes and groaned as her orgasm overtook her. Matthew thrust harder and came inside her spasming body. 

As she calmed down, she opened her eyes and saw two young men looking right at her. She had another small orgasm just from knowing they were watching. She smiled at them, and they looked scared that they had been caught watching. She moved off of Matthew and told him about the audience they had. Matthew looked back and saw two guys about 18 or 19 years old. He smiled and waived them over. Then tentatively came over to the couple. Suzanne was lying on her back, and looked up at the boys, saying hi to each of them. 

Matthew told the boys that Suzanne loved to be massaged after they made love. The boys took the hint and began to rub her legs. She told them that she likes her chest massaged too, and one of them moved up and began rubbing her big breasts. He became very bold and really rubbed her tits and pinched her nipples. She started to moan. The second guy moved higher up her legs and she spread them. He immediately pushed two fingers into her sloppy cunt. She was really reacting to their touches. Matthew told them that she would like to see the effect that her sexy body had on their young cocks. She smiled and said, "yes, please take them out." 

They practically tore their clothes off. The guy that had been fingering her pussy didn't waste any time and slipped his cock into her. She moaned louder and pulled the other cock into her mouth. Matthew sat back and enjoyed the show. The two guys fucked her hard at both ends, and she loved it. Soon the one in her mouth said he was going to cum. She just took him deeper into her mouth. He must have cum a lot because her eyes got big and she swallowed about a dozen times. 

He sat back on his heels and waited for his friend. Suzanne's orgasm was beginning to build again just as the guy inside her announced he was going to cum. She asked him if he could hold out a little longer. He didn't even answer. He just pulled out and came all over her stomach and tits. They grabbed their clothes and ran off. Suzanne looked at Matthew with frustration in her eyes. He smiled and moved over her and began to fuck her hard. There was no tenderness in this fuck. He just wanted to satisfy her. Soon she had an awesome orgasm. He kept fucking her hard and she trembled and gasped for minutes as he built up to his own orgasm. As he shot his semen inside her, she kissed him deeply. They stayed there holding each other tightly.

They started back down the trail hand in hand. Matthew had asked her to where her shirt on the way down, so that he wouldn't have to stop and fuck her again. She smiled and said she would, but only if he promised to fuck her when they got back to the car.