 Dana and I had been seeing each other for a few months. We were both stuck in unfulfilling marriages but neither one was going to leave their spouse. We would meet each other whenever we could just to fuck each others brains out. Every once and awhile we would escape for the weekend on "business trips" that had nothing to do with business. This was one of those weekends.

She was a tick taller than me, standing right around 5' 10", with wavy, shoulder length, light brown hair, beautiful green eyes, and a smile that would light up a room. One of the nicest people you'll ever meet. Even though she was in her late 30s she still has a totally rockin' bod! 38DD's that, as Bob Seger would say, stood up firm and high, a tight little waist, and legs that stretched to the sky. Me? I stand about 5' 9", back then I weighed about 200 lbs and was in really good shape. Dark brown hair starting to show some gray in the temples, hazel eyes, a bright smile surrounded by a goatee, and a hearty laugh that was quick to come.

I booked a weekend at a hotel about an hour from home, as well as tickets to see a big name comedian appearing at the concert hall at the same hotel. I booked a suite that had a balcony with a view of the mountains.

After the show we went to the bar, had a couple drinks, then headed back to our room, where we had good old fashioned fuck-me-good sex. When we were done, I threw on a robe and went out to the balcony while she went to the bathroom to straighten herself up.

The balconies were interesting. Nice and large with a spectacular view. A couple of lounge chairs, a nice table with a set of chairs, and wrought iron fencing separating our balcony from the neighboring room's balcony, and so on down the length of the hotel. The fencing was only about mid-thigh high. I'm not sure what it's purpose was other than to create distinct boundaries. It certainly wasn't going prohibit me from going onto the neighbor's balcony, and vise versa. I laid back on one of the lounge chairs and closed my eyes. Ahhhhhh, nice and relaxing.

A little bit later Dana came strolling out to the balcony wearing a matching robe. God, she was stunning. That robe looked way better on her than it did on me. She sat down at the end of my lounge chair.

"Whatcha doin'?" she asked.

"Nothin', babe, just maxin' and relaxin', livin' the dream."

"Oh yeah? Why don't you come back into the room? I'll give you some maxin' that will really make you think you're livin' the dream," she said with a mischievous smile, running the tip of her finger down my inner thigh.

"Oh really now? What did you have in mind?"

"Why don't you come inside and I'll show you?" Her hand had found it's way to my cock.

"So what can you give me in there that you can't give me out here that I might really want?" Now I had the mischievous grin.

"What?! Out here? But there are people down there." She nodded her head in the direction of a balcony a few rooms down that had three middle aged guys enjoying a beer together, probably a guys weekend away from the wives. And they couldn't help but glance this way every so often.

"And? Like nobody's seen you suck dick before? Hell, there's a video of it out there with over 10,000 views."

"But they're right there!" That hadn't stopped her from stroking my cock.

"So what? Give 'em a story to tell the boys back home." I paused. I could tell she was thinking about what her next move should be. "Come on, be honest. You love it when you know people might be watching. I'll bet you're getting wet right now just thinking about."

She looked at me, looked in their direction, and looked back at me. "Are you sure?"

I peeled back my robe at the waist revealing a raging hard on with her hand still wrapped around it, gently stroking it. "What do you think?" I asked with a crooked smile.

That brought a crooked smile to her face and put a twinkle in her eye. I spread my legs apart and placed both feet on the balcony floor. She did the same and was now facing me full on. She leaned forward, untied my robe opening it all the way, grabbed the shaft of my cock, and dove in head first. 

She took the whole thing in with the first gulp, the tip of my cock hitting the back of her throat. This made me close my eyes and throw my head back. It kind of took my breath away for a second. She held it there for a second, then went to work, her head bobbing up and down, slowly, at a deliberate pace.

This hadn't been going on very long when I glanced over and the guys who were on the balcony down the way had stopped everything and were watching us. One even had his camera out recording the activities. I simply looked at them and gave them the thumbs up. I got smiles and three thumbs up back. Then I placed my hands on the back of her bobbing head and mouthed to them "Oh my god."

Not too long after this Dana's head stopped bobbing up and down and pulled my cock from her mouth. She looked up at me with a sly grin. "Are they watching?"

"Oh yeah. You've got a fan club."

She kept her eyes on me. "Ooooooo, really?" My, how her attitude has changed. First she was worried about them watching, now she acts excited about it.

She continued to stroke my cock. "Do you really want to give them a story to tell the boys back home?"

"I think we're doing that right now." We chuckled at that. "Why, what do you have in mind?"

"Answer my question. Do you really want to give them a story to tell their buddies?"

"Sure, what the hell. I'm game."

She gave me a devilish grin. "Watch this."

She sat up and lifted her leg over the chair so she was facing her fan club face to face. One of the guys got rattled and looked way, trying to look like he was totally uninterested and doing something else. The other two didn't flinch.

She ever so slowly opened the top of her robe, down to where it was tied, fully exposing her 38 specials. The guy who fained interest now looked very interested. All three jaws dropped. She proceeded to run circles around her nipples with the tips of her fingers, stopping to pinch and tug on her now erect nipples. Then her left hand reached over to fondle her right breast, while her right hand slid south, untying the robe and pulling it away, exposing her wet pussy. Her hand ran down, past her little runway strip of public hair, and rubbed her pussy. She was enjoying every minute of this. 

She ran her hands up her stomach to her breasts, massaging them, pinching her nipples again. She placed a hand under each breast, cupping them in her hands. She tilted her head forward and let a stream of saliva fall from her lips that fell in the cleavage. She looked back up at them, rubbing the saliva between her tits.

Then, once she thought they had seen enough, she turned her attention to me.

"Well?" she asked with a smirk, grabbing my cock and stroking it.

"You damn near made me cum! I can't imagine what they're thinking right about now," and I laughed.

She swing her leg back over the chair so she was facing me and bent down. She grabbed her tits and wrapped them around my cock that was standing straight. Then she started to slowly move up and down, looking into my eyes the whole time, giving me a great titty fuck.

"All of this has made me horny as fuck," she purred.

"Oh really now?"

Her tits continued to grip my cock. "Yes, really now. Seriously."

She stopped and began stroking my cock with a firm grip. "You know what I want to do? If you're okay with it."

This should be interesting. "What would you like to do?"

She looked at me with a crooked grin, keeping a firm grip on my cock. "Here's what I want to do. I want to finish you off. Right here. I want to make you cum." The firm stroke picked up pace.

"Then I want to invite those guys over."

"Into our room?!" No way I was letting that happen.

"No no. Keep them on the balcony. Let them climb across these fences. But they don't come across our fence. They don't come onto our balcony."

"Okaaayyyyy?" Where's she going with this?

"I want to suck their dicks while I sit on your face. I want you to make me cum while I'm sucking them. And, when you're ready, you can fuck me in the ass out here, hopefully before they cum. I'd love for you to fuck me in the ass while I'm giving them blow jobs!"

Wow. I didn't see that coming. Is this the same Dana who was worried about them seeing her?

"Are you serious?" She nodded. "Okay. The only way I say yes to this is I'm the only one fucking you. Period."

"Baby, I don't want anybody else fucking me but you. But the thought of you fucking me in the ass while I give blow jobs to complete strangers...oh my god...I'm so horny!"

"Just thinking about fucking you in the ass while you suck those dudes makes me want to cum!"

"Well let's make you happy so I can make them happy."

This wasn't going to take long. I stood up while she dropped to her knees. She wrapped her hand around the shaft and wrapped her lips around me like a pro. And she went to work!

"Dana...Dana...shit...I'm gonna...fuck...I'm gonna cum..."

With that she withdrew and cupped her tits. A few strokes with my own hand and I shot a load all over those babies. My body convulsed so much I almost fell over. She took my cock back into her mouth to suck ever last drop out. When she confident she'd gotten it all she sat back, scraped some of the cum off of her tits with a finger, and licked it clean, all the while looking up at with me with a proud look of accomplishment.

I wrapped my robe back around me and tied it back up. She grabbed her robe off the balcony floor and wiped the cum from her chest. Then she stood up, tossed the robe onto the lounge chair, grabbed me by the hand, and led me to the edge of our fence. We were looking directly at her fan club. Mr. Cameraman was still recording. All eyes were fixed on her and what she was going to do next. I'm sure they had no idea what was coming.

She looked them dead in the eyes and wiggled her finger at them, letting them know she wanted them to come over. First there was a look of disbelief. Then there was the "Who, me?" look. She wiggled her finger at them again.

"Come on, boys, come see me. You're not shy are you?"

Now it looked like the Keystone cops, 3 middle aged men trying to navigate those fences. It was hard to keep a straight face. But they made it over the series of fences in one piece. A little winded, but they made it nonetheless. 

The one on the right was about my height with a little paunch and a nice head of salt and pepper hair. The one in the middle was a big guy, probably 6'3", 6'4", somewhere in there. Very distinguished looking in a casual short of way, with thinning white hair. And the one on the left was shorter than the other two but in good shape. Probably a tennis player or something. Probably psychologically trying to compensate for his height, or lack of. They were all wide eyed and waiting for the next words to come out of her mouth, trying not to stare at her tits.

"Thanks for coming over to see me, boys."

"Thanks for inviting us," said the short one.

"Nice show earlier, really enjoyed it," said Mr. Distinguished, with a hint of sarcasm.

"Thank you, I'm glad you liked it," she said, with the same hint of sarcasm.

"What can we do for you today? I assume you called us over here for a reason." This was the one on the right. He was the cameraman earlier.

"Well, guys, here's the deal. She's horny as fuck." The bluntness clearly caught them off guard. "Here's what we're proposing. What's going to happen next is I'm gonna lay down right here (pointing at the ground), and she's gonna sit on my face so I can eat her pussy." Stunned silence with inquisitive looks on their faces. "This is where you guys come in, no pun intended. While I'm doing that, she wants to suck your dicks." Jaws dropped. I grinned, trying not to laugh. She had a mischievous look on her face.

The short one spoke up. "Seriously?" He looked at Dana. "Is he serious?"

She looked him dead in the eye. "Serious. I can't wait to get started." She licked her lips.

Now the one on the right spoke up. "What, no fucking? I want to fuck you!"

I shot him a look. "Dude, do you want a blow job or not? Because that's all you're gonna get. I'm the only one that's going to be fucking her tonight. If that's not enough for you then you can go back to your room and record your friends having a good time. Your choice."

He looked like he'd just gotten out of the principle's office after an ass chewing. "Yes sir, I do want a blow job, yes sir. I'm sorry. She's just so gorgeous...and sexy..."

"Thank you, sweetheart," she responded.

I held up a finger. "A couple of ground rules. First, nobody comes across this fence. Any one of you puts a foot over it and we're done." All three shook their heads. "Second, she runs the show. If she tells you not to do something, or stop doing something, do it. If not, we're done." I looked at each one of their faces. "Got it?"

"Yes, sir." "Got it." "Got it." All three nodded their heads.

"Ok, let's get this party started," I said, and worked my way to the balcony floor, laying flat on back, looking straight up at their faces. In no time my lips had a hot, wet pussy covering them. I had a perfect view of what was about to unfold.

With the first flick of my tongue she let out a squeal. She unzipped Mr. Distinguished in the center and pulled out his already stiff cock while the other two raced to unzip their pants. All three cocks were out, standing at attention.

Mr. Distinguished, the tallest of the group, had the most average dick. Probably 6" and not much girth to it. Average in every way. Tiny Dancer on the left had something to be proud of. 7-8" with a nice bulge right in the middle of the shaft. I'll bet that makes the girls go crazy. I almost felt bad for Mr. Cameraman on the right. 5-6" in length and skinny. Poor bastard. None of that phased Dana.

She went right to work, swallowing Mr. Distinguished whole in one motion. That took his breath away and an "Oh fuck" escaped his lips. Each of Dana's hands latched on to a dick and began pumping each one.

Meanwhile, I was lapping away at her pussy. She was grinding down, kind of directing where she wanted attention. When I'd get a good, solid lick on her clit she'd give a muffled squeal. 

Up top she was working the 3 cocks like a pro. She'd suck on one for a bit while stroking the other two, then switch off, suck another one and stroke the other two. There was always at least one hand behind her head helping her keep rhythm , sometimes two, and her tits and nipples being mauled by hands at all times. There were plenty of moans, groans, oh fucks, and holy shits coming from up there.

If I got the chance, and I felt it was the right time, I'd slip down just a bit and stick my tongue in her ass. That made her jump and squeal every time. I finally got both us into a position, with her leaned a little forward, where I could ram a finger in her ass. Between the pussy licking, the finger in her ass, and the smorgasbord of cocks in front of her, I could tell she was going crazy.

The sight of all of this from my vantage point was hot. Fucking hot. Hot to the point that my cock was standing straight up again. I could tell Dana was close to orgasm, too. It was time.

I pushed up on her ass so I could slide out from under her. She stopped sucking Tiny Dancer's fat cock - but kept stroking the other 2 to her credit - and looked down at me with a confused look on her face. Then she caught a better glimpse of why I was leaving my spot.

"Ooooo, are you ready?!"

"I'm more than ready."

"Ooooo, yay," she squealed.

"Guys, do you mind if I fuck her in the ass while she's sucking your cocks?"

"Hell no!" "Go for it!" "Do it!"

I spun around, still laying on the floor, and positioned my hard on under her. She lowered herself down while I was holding my cock steady. She searched around with her ass until the tip of my head found her asshole, then lowered herself onto it until it was balls deep in her ass. She let out a loud "Ohhhhh my god! Fuuuuuuck!" I matched that with a "Fuuuuuuck!" of my own. And with that, the cock sucking resumed.

It wasn't long before we developed a nice rhythm, my thrusts matching hers. A muffled grunt came from her when I'd drive it in a little harder.

After what seemed like an hour but I'm sure was more like10-15 minutes, I could tell she was close. Her body was starting to quiver a little and her asshole was starting to tighten. Now I really started to put a little more drive into my thrusts. It wasn't long before she had to pause from her cock sucking duties.

"Oh fuck...oh fuck..." Her bouncing became a little more aggressive. "I'm gonna...I'm going to...fuck...yes...I'm going to...CUM!!"

And with that I had to put even more effort into pounding her because her asshole was going into serious pucker mode, her body was starting go into tiny convulsions. She had to release the cocks that were in her hands and grab onto the fencing for support.

Her moans of ecstasy eventually slowed along with the pumping of her hips. Her grip on the fencing relaxed. She continued to bounce up and down, though, because my hardness was still in her ass.

All the while, the other 3 were stroking their hard ons. Apparently watching her cum was enough for Mr. Cameraman. His eyes closed, his head went back, and an "Oh fuck" came out of his mouth. He shot a thick load onto her right shoulder and upper chest. She grabbed his cock with her hand and drew it into her mouth, sucking every last drop from him.

Mr. Distinguished in the middle was next. "I'm gonna cum...I'm gonna cum..." She spun her head around and opened her mouth but the aim was a little off, taking the initial shot in the chin. She quickly moved in and surrounded his spurting cock with her mouth, sucking and swallowing whatever was left.

Not-so-tiny dancer finished the trifecta. She still had Mr. Distinguished in her mouth when he moaned "Holy shit, I'm gonna cum." She tried to move her mouth over to him but she wasn't quick enough. A solid stream of cum shot out of the tip of his cock like it had been shot out of a canon! It hit her in the cheek with such force and volume it made her head snap back in surprise. Stream after stream shot out, with another shot to her face, this time in the temple, just above her ear, and the side of her neck, coming in quick succession. It was like something you'd see in a porn movie.

After the shot to the neck she was able to get her mouth to his cock and she swallowed him whole. His hand went straight to the back of her head. Her head bobbed until his body was limp and a "Holy fuck" left his mouth.

Now it was my turn. I lifted her ass up with my hands, releasing myself from the grip of her ass. I jumped to my feet and stood at her side, furiously pumping my cock with my hand. She knew exactly what to do. She spun her body towards me with her now cum splattered face, looked up into my eyes, and cupped her breasts, lifting them up to me. I closed my eyes and threw my head back, shooting a thick load in her direction. My aim was true, hitting both tits with the first shot, then redirecting my aim to distribute the rest from one tit to the other. Then, as she always does, she grabbed my cock with her right hand and pulled it into her mouth, sucking it dry.

We were all spent. Dana was scooping cum off of her face with her fingers and licking them clean. She finally looked up at the 3 strangers. "Did you boys like that?"

"Are you kidding?" "Hell yes!" "Yes, ma'am!"

She stood up. Cum was now running down her stomach. "I'm glad you enjoyed it. I did, too." She paused. "You boys made quite a mess. I'm going to go get cleaned up now. G'night." 

I looked at them. "Thanks, guys. That was fun. I'm gonna call it a night, too."
