 4th of July, 1994. My girlfriend's best friend had just given me a killer blowjob--while my girlfriend watched. But things were just getting started...

After coming in Emily's throat, I was drained, and staggered over to the couch to sit down. Brenda followed and kissed me passionately. "I can't believe how hot that was!" she said. "Watching Emily suck you off--it was great!"

As for Emily, she was lying on the floor. I watched her wipe a stray ribbon of come off her chin and lick it from her finger. "God," she said, more to herself than anyone else, "what a cock. I'd love to fuck him."

Brenda reached for my penis. Finding it still hard, she grinned evilly at me. "Then why don't you?" she asked loudly.

Emily rolled over and looked at the two of us. Brenda was slowly stroking my shaft and smiling. "Come on," she urged. "Come on over and get some of this."

Emily didn't need much urging. She stood up and began shedding clothes. By the time she reached me, only her bra and panties remained. My cock twitched at the sight of her skimpy, lacy, black lingerie. "You like that, don't you?" Brenda whispered in my ear. "You've wanted to fuck her for years--now you get your chance." Brenda released my dick and guided Emily onto my lap. I shuddered as I felt her silky panties glide along my cock. Brenda reached behind Emily and unfastened her bra, and Emily's breasts fell free as Brenda whisked it away. Immediately, Emily pushed one of her boobs, topped with an erect nipple, to my lips. She gasped as I took her nipple between my teeth and bit gently at it.

From the corner of my eye, I saw Brenda stripping off her own clothes. Naked, she sat on the couch and leaned against one arm, spreading her legs and parking both hands between them. This was looking better and better. While Brenda freely admitted that she masturbated during our long separations, she had refused to let me watch her do it. I hoped this might be the night.

Emily reached down between us and pushed her panties out of the way. We both moaned in pleasure as the head of my cock rubbed against her pussy. I could feel her juices dripping out of her, and knew she was ready. We each shifted slightly for the right angle, and then slowly she lowered herself onto me. "Oh, my God," she whispered. "I have never felt anything like this before."

"Great, isn't it?" Brenda asked. I looked over, and--thank you, Jesus!--she was indeed masturbating. Her right index finger dipped down to find some lubrication from her slit, then went right back to vigorously rubbing her clit. I watched intently as Emily slowly began moving up and down. "Fuck him," Brenda urged her friend. "Fuck him!" Emily took that advice to heart, increasing her speed and throwing her head back. I returned my attention to her nipples, biting each one until it was at its peak, then licking and sucking them into my mouth.

"Fuck him!" Brenda was still chanting, and Emily took up the chant. "Fuck me! Fuck me!" There wasn't a lot I could do in the position I was in, but I did everything available, thrusting my hips up to meet her.

Brenda stopped her chant, and I looked over to see why. I think she needed all her lung capacity just to breathe, as her left hand had now joined the action. She had a finger up inside her snatch, pounding in and out, and when she saw me watching she just grinned and added a second. Again, seeing her so into this was more than I could take. "Oh, God," I moaned, "I'm gonna come!"

"Yeah, come," Emily gasped. "Come inside me!" It didn't take long for me to comply with that request, blasting my come between Emily's other lips. "Don't stop," she begged as she felt my load shooting into her cunt. "I'm so close." Emily continued to move on top of me until she came, her internal muscles clamping down tightly on me as she screamed out her pleasure. She collapsed on top of me and stayed there until my cock had softened enough to slip out of her cunt, at which time she rolled off onto the couch.

As I returned to the world, Brenda's gasps as she finger-fucked herself captured my attention, and I watched as she brought herself closer to orgasm. "Did you like that?" I asked her softly. "Did you like watching me fuck your best friend?"

"God, yes," she answered. "Bring me off, baby. Make me come with your hot tongue."

I leaned over, and she moved her finger off her clit to make room. She kept two fingers deep inside her box as I eagerly licked her, and in less than a minute she was moaning my name as she came. We both collapsed on the couch with Emily.

Eventually, Emily broke out another joint, and we shared it. Agreeing with me that Emily was far too drunk and stoned to drive, Brenda invited her to stay the night with us, and we all curled up in Brenda's oversized bed. I fell asleep that night the happiest man in the world, completely satisfied sexually and with a naked babe on either side of me.

To Be Continued...