 Katie and I have been friends with Steve and Becca for several years. Just recently they bought a new hot tub and we have enjoyed hanging out with them even more. Winter was the best time of year for tubbin and we were always excited to go tot their house to really unwind. Steve and Becca are quite a pair. Steve is a monster, a huge burly guy, right off the farm with charming good looks. 

Becca is quite the contrast, she is barely a hundred pounds and about 5 feet tall. However, she has huge boobs which is usually the first thing somebody would notice, even before noticing how small she is. She is somewhat self conscious of them and dresses down so as not to draw attention to them. However, she still wears very small bikinis during our hot tub sessions, which is quite nice if I do say so myself. Both she and Katie are still built really well despite being in their 40's and each having given birth to 2 kids. 

Having known them for so long, we know quite a bit about each other including sexual likes, dislikes, etc. Sexually, Nothing about them seemed out of the ordinary, they like a little more of this and little less of that. But the combination of the hot tub and alcohol sometimes provided a little more excitement and daring things than just hanging out around the table talking. Katie and I found ourselves fondling each other pretty regularly under the cover of night and the bubbling water. She would stroke my cock while I would bury a finger or two inside her cunt. 

Of course, after those sessions, we would end up going home and fucking like wild animals. Sometimes, it was so cold that between the darkness, and the steam, we couldn't even make out the faces of Becca and Steve who were only 4 feet away, all you could see were their silhouettes. That made it a little easier and less of a worry of getting caught. 

With New Year's eve coming up, we made plans to make a full night of it with Becca and Steve. After a nice full dinner and some drinks, we watched all the night's activities on TV. Shortly after midnight, it was time for some tubbin. We all changed and made a beeline for the tub. It was really neat, because a huge snowstorm rolled in earlier in the night. Not a lick of air movement, but the snow fell in huge flakes just as hard as it could and was stacking up fast, which just added to the intensity of the night. Katie wore my favorite fluorescent pink bikini and even though I only saw it for less than a minute, I was already thinking about how badly I wanted to get my hands on her. Didn't take long, as we started feeling each other up almost as soon as we got wet. 

As I looked across the tub, it appeared as if Becca and Steve were engaged in a little more than just cuddling. Even though we really couldn't see their faces, it was obvious they were kissing very passionately. I just grinned to myself and began to feel up my wife's luscious tits. She stroked me a little harder and longer and it was obvious we were ready to go a little further. I tugged my shorts off and threw them over the side. I hooked my finger under the side of her bikini and gave a little tug. 

She got the idea and grabbed the opposite side and we slid her bottoms off. I grabbed her hips and slid her up onto my lap with her back against my chest. I was sitting in a deep bucket seat of the tub and she was still mostly below the surface of the water. She began to wiggle her ass to try and get my cock nestled into her butt crack. She succeeded and I found that my cock head was rubbing against her butthole while my shaft was wedged between her already slick cunt lips. 

She really began to grind onto my cock with enthusiasm and I grabbed her hips and assisted so we could keep a good rhythm. I used my tongue to lick her upper back as my face was even with her shoulder blades. Her position had me blocked so I could see nothing but her back. She laid her whole body back onto my chest and turned her head to the side so we could kiss. 

I moved one hand around and began to caress her entire front side very slowly. I began with my hand on her throat and slid across her boobs and rubbed her tummy every so gently. Her body responded with a slight wiggle each time I moved to a sensitive spot. I reached down between her knees and spread her legs so they were outside and straddled over mine. 

I lifted her up by the hips, and guided my rock hard cock to the entrance of her pussy. I slowly lowered her body down which enveloped my dick with ease, as she was totally lubed from excitement. I held on to her sexy waist and she began to bounce her up and down in very short quick strokes. I think she didn't want to make it obvious to Steve and Becca that we were fuckin in their hot tub, but somehow, I don't think they really cared. She leaned back again and whispered in my ear "wow, they are really going at it". Right then, I knew that there was no stopping now. 

She stayed with her back leaning onto my chest in a somewhat reclined position and she began to make her strokes a little deeper and faster. She prefers the penetration of sex to be aggressively hard and fast. She likes when I fuck her hard like a jackhammer so she was trying to do it on her own. She was really getting into and I could feel her body respond to every up and down stroke. I would take my hand from her waist long enough to caress her boobs and tummy and she just kept her hand on the top of the tub for support and so I wouldn't bounce her out of the water. 

Out of the blue, I heard Katie say "What the......" and even before I could ask she continued with, "oh yes, that feels so good". I wasn't sure what she meant and I didn't care. My cock felt great as it hit the deep confines of her warm and slick cunt. I heard some unusual sounds come from her and decided to lean around and see what was going on. Simultaneously I felt a hand on the shaft of my which jumped from surprise. When I finally got my eyes focused, the sight before me was incredible. I see Steve facing me, pounding Becca from behind, while Becca had her hand on my cock and she had Katie's bikini top pushed aside as she licked and sucked her succulent boobs. NOW, I know what the noise was all about. 

I must have shown some surprise on my face as Becca said 

"If it feels good, just keep going". 

And it sure did feel good. Within moments, I was pumping my wife's cunt full of cum. Becca and Steve must have cum also as they both belted out some moans and groans. Katie was the last one and finally came after I had rubbed her clit furiously, while she watched all the action unfold in front of her. 

Eventually we all sat back in the tub and never really said anything, until Katie said she was done and going to get dressed. That was the queue for all of us as we followed and did the same. We all dried off and got dressed and returned to the kitchen for another round of drinks. Katie was in one of my favorite 'fuck me' outfits which was a simple pair of terry shorts that were rather snug, and a tight tank top, no bra, no panties. We made some small talk until I finally gathered my wits. 

"So.......I never had you guys pegged as swingers"

"We aren't really full swingers" said Becca, we like to watch and be watched, say...... more like exhibitionists" She continued 

"We also like to add a 3rd person to the playtime, but we do not have intercourse with them, they just get to play and do just about anything else they want, but no intercourse"

Katie and I looked at each other and both seemed to approve even though we didn't speak. 

"Here, let's show you what we have downstairs."

They proceeded to take us down to the fully finished basement. Way in the far corner was a locked door. As we opened the door and turned on the lights, we were both very surprised with what we saw. 

Steve and Becca had their very own huge fuck room with plenty of props and toys. There was a king size bed right in the middle with a couple of the sex wedges and pillows. In Each corner was a video camera mounted at the ceiling level, a big screen TV mounted on one wall, and a stereo system set up in the corner. The walls and ceiling were covered in huge one piece mirrors. The lighting was designed for homemade sex movies. And lastly, in one corner was one of those multi position sex chairs that looked more like a piece of workout equipment. 

Katie and I looked at each other in disbelief. Steve showed us a locked vault that looked like a huge safe. He dialed the combination lock and opened the door. Inside where almost a hundred DVD's that they have made over he years. 

"We keep these locked up very tight. There are some movies of people that you guys probably already know and we promise to keep every bodies stuff locked for safety and confidentiality."

"Wow, this is some setup you guys have her." I said kind of nervously. 

"We just got lucky that we have found people who like the same stuff as us, right Becca?"

"Yep, we have had a blast and so far, nobody has been disappointed. Why don't we go back up and have another drink. You can ask us anything you want and we will fill you in on what usually goes on down there."

Katie grabbed my hand and gave me a big squeeze. We made eye contact and I was guessing that she was very intrigued. She was very fond of Steve and I figured she would love to get naked with them. Sure enough, they told us all about it. Usually, 3 people would be involved, while the 4th video tapes the whole thing with a handheld camcorder. It plays in real time on the big screen so everybody can watch the live action and is also recorded on a DVD for future use. 

Katie kept grabbing my hand under the table and Becca noticed. 

"I think Katie already has her mind made up, don't you Katie?"

"I sure do, and I already know that I want to go first."

We all just laughed and continued drinking. The plan was for us to take a couple days to think it all over and let them know. Katie already knew that she was 100% sure to do this. Of course, I didn't really need any time either, but we waited a few days before she called back. 

Sure enough, the plans were made and the couldn't come soon enough. Even though we were both very excited with the possibilities, we also both expressed a little nervousness. Neither of us had done something so premeditated. Usually our experiences had been quite spontaneous, but this was little different, kind of orchestrated. But we agreed to give it a roll. 

We all had a drink and proceeded to the sex room. The music was turned on low and Steve showed me the camcorder. All the equipment was high dollar pro stuff as Steve only buys the best. I knew right then, that we were in it for the long haul. Becca and Katie hopped onto the bed and talked while finishing their drinks. Katie had dressed in the same tight terry shorts with a thong underneath. She wore a very tight sleeveless crop top and sports bra. She looked like a total sex vixen ready for a fuck. As usual, Becca dressed down to hide her boobs. Even around us which kind of struck me a little odd. 

Steve got the cameras rolling and made his way to the bed. He stood next to it and began to kiss Becca very passionately. Katie just sat there and watched intently. I walked all around, filming from different angles. Becca and Steve were good at this and made little suggestions every so often. 

Steve lifted Becca's arms and slid her shirt over her head. I now saw her large silicone boobs unleashed as she wore no bra. They were larger than most and they actually looked pretty good for fake boobs. I'm still not sure why they would put so much money into them and she is so self conscious about flaunting them. As they kissed, Steve's hand began to massage her large tan lined boobs. She cooed with the action and began to remove his shorts. 

I zoomed out so I could get Katie's reaction and saw the look of excitement on her face as Steve's cock sprang out of his shorts. Becca's hands gently encircled his thick semi erect cock. Katie's eyes had a glazed look of jealously, but knowing that she would soon get some of his meat too. 

Becca began to stroke his hardening cock tantalizingly slowly. She had a very light grip on it and made sure to stroke his full length. Katie maneuvered to get a better view which was from the side. The whole time, Becca and Steve were still engaged in a very romantic kiss with plenty of tongue. Katie appeared to be very mesmerized by the sight of their actions. I could see she wanted to take part, but was a little hesitant. 

They broke the kiss again and Steve lifted Becca to her feet. He grabbed her shorts and removed them in one swift tug and her panties went along also. Becca was now completely nude before our very eyes. Steve dropped to his knees and began to kiss Becca's cute tummy which was topped off with a naval piercing. 

He allowed his hand to slide up her inner thigh which brushed her pussy lips. I attempted to get a view of that, but there was no good angle. After a few minutes, Steve lifted Becca and laid her on the bed on her back. She used a small pillow and placed it under her lower back which arched her tummy upwards and also helped stick her boobs up higher. 

Steve lay on his left side facing her. Again, they began to kiss very deeply. It was obvious that this was not just for the camera, it was from the heart. Katie positioned herself on the other side of Becca and was lying on her right side facing the other two. She began to look a little more relaxed and I sensed she was ready to take part in the action. 

"Go ahead Katie, touch her anywhere you like, this is part of the game." Steve said. 

Becca agreed with Steve, "Help yourself to whatever you like. I can't wait to play with you too."

Katie looked at me and I zoomed in to get a close-up of her gorgeous face. She just smiled and looked back to Becca before she reached down to caress one of her boobs. She lightly pinched her nipple which made Becca flinch ever so slightly. Katie used her manicured nails to drag trails all over Becca's upper body. 

"mmmmmmmm, that feels so good Katie, please don't stop."

I found myself having a hard time paying attention to the camera again. I found that Steve had parted Becca's smooth legs and was rubbing the outside of her very pretty pussy. Steve noticed my struggles and told me I could put the camera away. There would be plenty of good footage from the other four mounted on the wall. Now I was able to relax and get real view of the happenings. I pulled up a chair and had a front row seat to my own sex show. 

Becca cooed and moaned nonstop as Katie and Steve worked her over very well. With Becca's legs spread very wide, Steve inserted one of his sausage sized fingers. She inhaled deeply and tried to hold her breath, unsuccessfully. Her moist pussy accepted his finger and her pelvis moved forward for more. Instinctively, he inserted another, much to her approval. 

Katie, on the other hand had now begun to kiss and lick all over Becca's firm tits. She used her tongue to flick little circles on her erect nipples.

"Ohhhhhhh, yes Katie, that feels sooooooo good."

I couldn't help myself as I climbed on the bed behind Katie. I was on my right side facing the crowd, with my chest up against her back. I lifted her left leg and began to rub her crotch right through the fuzzy material of he terry 'cheer' shorts. Her pussy was already warm and moist and I knew I would be in for a very good time. 

With Steve's fingers buried deep in Becca's wet snatch, he motioned for Katie to meet him face to face with Becca. The 3 of them took part in a very erotic 3 way kiss. All the while, Katie had continued to tease Becca with her fingernails. Their tongues probed and explored each other. I was totally turned on by this and more than ready to get busy. 

I put more pressure on rubbing Katie's pussy and her hips fell into an ultra-slow rhythm with my hand. I could feel her begin to breathe a little heavier as her body moved around. She broke away from kissing the others and turned her head back to kiss me. Her hand kept stroking Becca while Steve removed his hand from soaked cunt. 

Steve got up and repositioned himself between his wife's wide spread legs. He began to lick and suck Becca's dripping honey pie very furiously. She wrapped her legs around his head and tried to pull him in closer. I pushed my fingers inside the leg of Katie's tight fitting shorts. I found her pussy to be slick with juices and easily slit 2 fingers deep into her. Her whole body tensed in reaction and just as quickly, she relaxed. She tried to hump my fingers trying to get a fast rhythm, but without success. Becca reached over and removed Katie's tight shirt and sports bra. 

Becca pulled Katie down and began to lick one of her dangling boobs. Steve was still eating out his wife's cunt while I kept 2 fingers in Katie and used my thumb to rub her little butthole. Everybody seemed to be working and writhing in unison in our little mini orgy. 

I removed my fingers from my wife's wet slit and removed her shorts. They were so tight, she had to shimmy and wiggle her curvy ass in order to help get them off. I also removed my shorts which released my aching hard on. Katie was now lying almost flat on her stomach, as her boobs where pressed tightly onto Becca's face. I took this chance to make my next move. 

I climbed on top of Katie and laid flat on her back. I rested my rigid too into her butt crack, like a hot dog in a bun. I ground by dick into her meaty butt and she pushed her hips back in response. I was in a good position to lean over and began to lick and kiss Becca's tight tummy. Becca was now the center of attention of all of us and she was loving every minute of it. 

Steve moved up and onto his knees. He pulled Becca's legs up and over his so her feet her behind him. He put one of the cushion wedges under her hips which elevated her pelvis. He grabbed his thick man meat and rubbed the massive head against Becca's slimy pussy lips. She pulled her head out from under Katie's boobs and her eyes were wide with anticipation. Steve pushed his purple knob just into her slit. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh, my honey, that is exactly what I want , please fuck me."

"I wanna see Steve, make sure you save room for me to see." Katie exclaimed. 

Katie slid a little lower so she had a bird's eye view of the penetration. She even reached down and wrapped her hand around Steve's cock. She slowly began to stuff his meat into Becca's inviting pussy. Katie was really getting off with this and I lifted off her and spread her legs. 

I layed back down and pressed my cock onto her pussy from behind, with her still lying down on her tummy. I assumed the push-up position and slowly began to fuck my wife from behind, while she jerked Steve off into Becca's cunt. 

Once he was balls deep into Becca, Katie reached around and massaged his dangling ball sack from behind. 

"Damn Katie, that feels great. You just keep it up and I won't last very long.

Katie used her fingernails and teased him unmercifully. Steve began pumping Becca with a little more enthusiasm as her breathing signaled that she was getting close. Her hand had moved to her clit as she was rubbing it briskly. After a few minutes, Becca's body began to tremble and her breathing became very erratic. I saw her tummy spasm and then she let out a deep guttural groan. 

"Oh goddddddd, I'm cumming honey."

She must be a squirter, as I saw plenty of pussy juice gush from her pussy around Steve's cock. Katie leaned in further and pulled Steve's throbbing member from Becca's sopping pussy. She sucked him deep and licked all the pussy juice from it. Then she even licked Becca's dripping snatch and cleaned her up really good. 

Becca regained herself and had a plan.

"Honey, I want you to lie on your back and I will mount you reverse cowgirl style. Katie, you can lay between our legs and suck and lick us all you want. Then we can fine tune it and you guys will love the outcome."
