 After our first round of sexcapades with Becca and Steve, we were both very excited to think about a second one. With all of us having such busy jobs, it was a few months until we saw them again. Katie and I had some pretty good sex during this time and she was very anxious to get together with them again. 

Katie and Becca began to make plans for a night out on the town. They planned to rent a limo, go to dinner, do some bar hopping and they even got a room for the night. They both went shopping, so they would have some new outfits for the event. Katie and I fucked like mad during the week leading up to Saturday night, but no sex on Thursday and Friday. We wanted to save some for the weekend. It was obvious, that the thought of being with them again, had her very aroused and extra aggressive. 

Sure enough, Saturday came and we were prepping for our night out. Usually, Katie gets dressed in the bathroom, but with the door open. I regularly get to see what panties and bra she puts on. But not this time, as she had the door shut. I didn't really think much about it at the time, but eventually figured out why. 

When she came out, she was wearing the tightest neon pink spandex crop top I have ever seen. It was one that zipped up the front, so she didn't have to pull it over her head. She had it half unzipped, which showed a nice little bit of cleavage. It was ultra tight, with long sleeves that hugged her body deathly tight. It was so tight, that she didn't need to wear a bra and it hugged her chest to just below her boobs and showed all her sexy tummy. Her micro-mini skirt was the same matching material. It was insanely short and barely covered her ass and rode low on her hips. That was topped off with a shiny black belly chain that hung from her hips with such an incredible sexiness. She also wore some soft leather slip on boots and huge black hoop earrings which really completed the ensemble. Needless to say, I was ready to fuck her right then, but of course, that was a no no. 

The limo showed up at 6 and we almost ran to get into it. Becca and Steve opened the door and welcomed us with the usual hugs and greetings. Becca was dressed to kill also and finally showed off some of her body, especially her big fake boobs. She wore a matching leather outfit. The top was a sleeveless button down vest that stopped right at the top of her newly pierced naval. The skirt was low on the hips and high on the thighs and zipped up both sides. She too had on some boots, but they were thigh high slip-ons. She was graced with gorgeous fingernails and plenty of slutty looking jewelry. Dam, this night was shaping up quite nicely. 

Steve and I are very casual guys and dress for comfort, not looks. Both of us wore baggy kaki shorts and golf shirts. You would never know that we were with these two slutty looking hot women. But we knew the truth, they were with us and we were gonna fuck the shit out of them. We shook hands with gusto and huge smiles. 

Our ride to the restaurant was nothing special. We all talked about our work weeks. Everybody seems quite relaxed, despite the fact that we were all excited about tonight's possibilities. Before we went in, we opened a bottle of champagne and made a toast for the night. We all agreed to have as much fun as possible. 

Dinner was great and I'm sure the waiter was glad to serve out table. The girls did plenty of bending, reaching, stretching and adjusting, which seemed more like they were putting on a show for the guy. He seemed to fill up the water glasses more times than you would expect. And they loved the attention that they were getting from him. 

Back in the limo, Becca said we were going to a new night club in the city, which was and hour and a half away. This travel time, of course, was the green light to get things started. She dropped to the floor and crawled to my feet, which she slowly spread apart. 

"Come on Katie; let's give him a little something to get the night going."

Katie just smiled and scooted closer to me on the bench, while Becca was between my wide spread legs. Katie and I engaged in a very passionate French kiss. She had one hand around my neck and the other was rubbing my nipples very lightly through my shirt. Her warm moist tongue darted deep into my mouth. Katie is a world class kisser and my mouth was welcoming her tongue with great appreciation. Being married for as long as we have helps too. 

Becca slowly rubbed her hands all over my thighs just below the bottom of my shorts. Of course, being with two sexy women, my cock reached and instant grade "A" erection. It was so hard; I could actually feel it throbbing. Becca sneaked a hand up my shorts and found my dangling balls. 

"No drawers, huh? You trying to make it easy on me or what?"

I didn't even respond, but I never wear underwear in the summer, especially if I'm wearing baggy shorts, I like my junk to stay aired out. Anyhow, Becca used her perfectly manicured nails to tickle my hanging ball sack. That sensation caused my ass to lift off the bench seat and Katie could sense it. She kissed me even deeper and harder as she grabbed my chest to hold me down. She moaned slightly as our tongues attacked each other. 

I had one hand on the back of Katie's head, pulling her in tight. The other I had around her back and was lightly brushing her exposed back and right waist area. Her body began to flinch a little and she would squirm in response to me hitting some very sensitive skin. Not once did we break our deep kiss. 

As Becca hit a spot on the underside of my balls, I thought I would go through the roof. My breathing picked up and I was squirming like I had ants in my pants. I finally had to break my kiss with Katie. 

"Holy shit, that feels sooooo good!"

Becca made eye contact with me and had a very devilish grin on her face. She knew what she was doing and she did it well. Katie pulled up the bottom of my shirt, which indicated that she wanted to take it off of me. She went straight for my nipples. She knows I love to have her lick them and that was her plan. I scooted my ass towards the end of the seat and reclined further back. Katie attacked my nipples by flicking her warm firm tongue all around them. She allowed her wet tongue to drag all over my chest and tummy, slowly working her way lower all the time. 

In the meantime, Becca had reached up and unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts. She very slowly peeled the shorts aside and took a very seductive look at my rigid cock. Katie stopped momentarily and grabbed the waistband of my shorts. I lifted my ass and Becca pulled them off in one swift move. She got back into position and the show continued. 

Katie bent down lower and took my swollen head into her mouth. She actually sucked it like she would suck a straw. Becca got down low and flicked her tongue across the bottom of my sagging ball sack. Again, my body flinched and Katie just kept pushing me down. Both girls really began to slurp, suck and lick. Katie kept taking my cock deeper and deeper with each suck. Becca sucked on of my balls into her mouth, but in a very gentle way. 

Both girls suddenly stopped and I lost my mind. However, I realized that they took it up to French kiss each other. I couldn't really see that well, but I could tell they were both really getting it on. 

Steve was on the other side of the limo, rubbing his cock through his pants. He was so zoned out; just watching our wives doing all of this. After a few minutes, they turned their attention back to me. Katie really picked up the pace, and she wasn't using her hands all. She bobbed up and down and I could feel her drool sliding down the shaft of my cock. Becca kept sucking and licking my ball sack, which was now tightening up. I knew it was on the way. 

"Here you go girls, don't miss nothing...Fuuuuuuuuckkkkkkk, yeahhhhhhhh baby!"

I let go of the first blast deep into Katie's warm and waiting mouth. She pulled back quickly and swallowed. Becca lifted up and put my pulsing knob in her mouth. I shot my second string into her mouth as she sucked on my tip of my knob, almost sucking the cum from my slit. She too, then pulled back for a swallow. Katie went back down for a second time and got the last of my load, not as much as the first two shots, but just enough for extra credit. 

My cock stopped pulsing and twitching and the girls both plopped back to relax a few minute. 

"Now that sure was a good way to start the night." I said. 

"Well, I think, we will all be in for some more fun as the night goes on." Becca replied. 

Katie and I looked at other and smiled very excitedly. She grabbed my hand and squeezed tight, both of us knowing that Becca was 100% right. 

We eventually got to the club and the limo driver got us VIP passes. We had carte blanche for the entire club. We hit the bar quickly and each downed a drink. We made our way to the closest dance floor and started getting into the groove. The music was loud and the floor was thumping. It was wall to wall people but nobody seemed to notice each other. Katie and I started getting into some slow grind dancing. Of course, all this did was getting me hard again. 

The whole time we danced, she just stared at me and never lost eye contact. It was as if she was just going through the motions in order to get to the big prize. Of course that led to more deep kissing. Katie broke the kiss long enough to pull back from me and show me her surprise. She lifted up the front of her skirt just enough for me to see that she was not wearing panties. I almost creamed my jeans at that moment. 

She was proud of her naturally smooth pussy with the very sharp crisp bikini tan lines. 

We mashed our bodies back together and danced some more. I groped her ass openly, without any hesitations. Our bodies were grinding together as if we were trying to become one. The tighter we held each other, the more we wanted each other. 

"I wanna fuck so badly right now." She said

"Me too, we need to go somewhere."

Just then we happen to see Becca and Steve on the dance floor. They were even more intimate than us. Steve had his hand up Becca's skirt, fingering her pussy. He had his other hand on her ass so he could get his finger deep into her. She had a look of pure ecstasy on her face and you could see she was really enjoying it. Katie and I just kept dancing and watching. Then, we notice, that they were not the only ones doing stuff. 

We actually saw a guy lift the back of a girl's skirt and fuck her from behind, right there on the dance floor. He did his best to make it look like they were dancing, but there was no doubt about, they were fucking. Nobody seemed to care as most couples were deep into some form of fucking or foreplay while dancing. Alrighty, I thought, I guess we can keep going. 

I pulled the zipper further down, on Katie's shirt. I wanted to see some more cleavage. We danced harder and I was getting off on watching her hips and boobs gyrate with the music. At one point in time, I slipped my hand up her skirt and felt her hot moist pussy. She didn't even flinch, as if she was waiting for it. She shoved her pelvis forward so my touch was even more firm. I took this to mean she wanted more, and I was about to give it to her. 

I stuffed 2 of my fingers deep into her slick cunt. I felt her muscles tighten and suck my fingers in deeper. She picked up a rhythm and rocked herself on my fingers with considerable energy and threw her head back, moaning like crazy. I kept my other hand on her hip and attempted to make sure we kept up the pace. I would pull my fingers out of her sloppy slit, just long enough to rub her clitty nub, my fingers coated in her slick cunt juices. That really sent a shiver all over her body and she would really moan out loud. 

We did not want to fuck while standing up, so we decided to find someplace to go. Becca and Steve saw us looking around. And met up with us. 

"Looks like you guys are ready for some action; let's go upstairs where it's more comfortable." Becca suggested. 

We all followed along like little puppy dogs. There was electricity in the air, thinking about what was getting ready to happen. We had to use our VIP pass to access the 2nd floor. It opened up into another huge club area, but with no dancing or pounding music. There were a couple bars and 2 small dance floors and some much quieter music. There were tons of soft plush leather furniture all over and plenty of sunken party areas that were surrounded with walls about 3 feet tall. Each cubicle had 2 sofas that faced each other with an ottoman in between and end tables with lamps. 

Katie squeezed my hand very hard as we both realized this is where you go for some serious fucking. That's what most people were doing up here, some version of sex was taking place in just about all the different seating areas. It didn't appear that anybody was worried about all the other people there, as they were engrossed in their own stuff. There were a few people, who would stop to watch a particular group, but nobody shooed them away, they just allowed them to watch. After a moment or so, they would move on and watch somebody else or start some action of their own. 

We stopped at a couple different areas, just to get a better idea of what was really happening. 

It was rather obvious that we were going to be doing some fucking of our own. We found an open lounge area and made ourselves at home. It was actually just like a sunken family room as we had to take 3 steps down to the room. The walls on our particular cove were only about 3 feet tall and anybody could easily watch us. But none of us really seemed to mind. I looked at Katie for a moment, not sure if she was really going to go through will all this. She smiled back.

"Ready for some fun honey?" She asked, slightly nervous.

"I wasn't sure what you thought about all this wide open."

"Well, everybody else is doing it, so why not. If they don't mind us watching them, then I guess I don't mind them watching me."

That made me feel much more at ease with all this. After all, we have had some interesting adventures. We plopped down into the soft plush sofa and began to kiss all over again. Becca and Steve had already beaten us to the punch and involved in some steamy action themselves. They were already half undressed and going at it on the sofa across from ours. They sure didn't seem to mind the environment. 

Katie lay back on the couch with her ass right at the edge. She was reclined as I knelt down between her wide spread legs. Her skirt rode up while in that position and it showed her inviting pussy. Without her panties, I wasted no time diving right into her sweet honey pie. I licked all around the outside of her pussy and up and down her inner thighs. I looked up and saw that while she was enjoying the feelings of what I was doing, she was engrossed in watching our friends. The combination had her squirming like a fish. 

Once I stuck my tongue deep into her wet slit, she came back to life. Her pelvis shuttered as I licked from top to bottom of her tasty cunt hole. I used the tip of my tongue and flicked little circles around her thick clit nub. I even tried to suck her clit into my mouth which drove her wild. Once I knew she was ready, I jammed a couple fingers deep into her. She thrust her hips forward to maximize the penetration. It didn't take her long, with my fingers deep in her cunt, and my tongue dancing on her clit. 

I looked up to see her breathing rapid and eyes closed. Her head would occasionally thrash from side to side. She even tried to hold her breath, but it didn't work. She let out a very deep moan and began to cum. Her cunt muscles constricted around my fingers and tried to pull them in deeper. My thumb continued to rub her clit was now fully exposed and plump. 

After coming down from her orgasm, she motioned for me to turn and watch Becca and Steve. Becca had been laid back on the sofa just like Katie. She was almost lying down completely flat, with her ass at the edge of the cushion. Her skirt was completely off and her vest was unbuttoned and spread. By now, we had noticed some people would stop to watch for a moment or two, and then leave. Just like we did, when we first arrived. 

Steve was really giving her the long dick and Becca was eating it up. I'm not a fake tit lover, but hers actually looked pretty good. Katie decided to get a closer look and went to sit next to Becca. I took advantage of the moment also and knelt down on the opposite side from my wife. Katie reached down and began to finger Becca's little clit. That got her attention as she inhaled deeply and made some slutty moans and groans. 

Becca's boobs were very inviting and I must have been staring at them. 

"Go ahead buddy; suck her tits, that's part of the game you know." Steve said. 

I didn't even bother to respond, I bent over and started to lick and suck her nipple. I used my hand to massage the other breast. Becca was now getting the ultimate high. She had her husband's huge cock in her cunt, my wife's fingers on her clit and my mouth on her nipples. He body was in constant motion from all the stimulation. It was purely a sight to behold. 

I felt Becca's hand reach up my shorts and wrap around my hard cock. She stoked me very lightly and slowly. She wasn't doing well at keeping any kind of rhythm, as her main focus was on the pleasure she was getting from the other 2. But it felt good to have her little hand on my joint. 

Katie stopped playing with Becca's clit and attacked Steve's thick cock. She wrapped her little hand around it, which made it look even bigger as her fingers did not even make it all the way around. Steve as got me beat in the size department, although, it doesn't really make me jealous. I have never gotten any complaints about my size, so it wasn't a problem. 

Katie kept her hand still, wrapped tightly around his tool, and nice and tight up to Becca's cunt flaps. Steve did all the work, by stuffing his cock in and out of his wife's gorgeous pussy. But it was the same as if Katie were jerking him of. We must have been doing something right, as a small group of people stayed to watch. All I did was give them thumbs up signal and very satisfied smile. 

Katie spread her legs a little and Steve helped himself to her smooth pussy. He sunk his middle finger deep into her sloppy cunt and she breathed in deeply. She tightened the grip on his dick even more, which made him pump his wife even harder. Becca was first to let loose. As I licked all over her gorgeous boobs and tummy, I felt her begin to tense up. Her tummy began to tremble and as she panted like a woman in labor. 

She finally announced that she was cumming and grabbed a handful of my hair, pulling my face forcefully onto her sexy stomach. I did my best to keep licking while she was spasming away. No sooner was she done; Steve announced it was his turn. I sat back upright and prepared to have a front row seat to the big show. 

He stopped fucking his wife and told Katie to finish him off. Katie clamped her legs together with Steve's finger still deep inside her. She turned towards them and began to pump his cock with both hands. He kept his bulbous knob just inside his wife while Katie jerked him off franticly. Katie's body was bouncing in unison with her hand jerking motions. I think she was getting off at the same time she tried to get Steve off. Steve appeared to be helping also, by stuffing his hand as deep between her thighs as he could. 

Steve pulled back just in time to let loose with the first blast of jizz. His cum shot rivals any porn stars and for that, I was truly envious. The first shot of jizz landed all over Becca's still trembling tummy, all the way to her heaving tits. The second shot he aimed right at the belly button. Katie quickly leaned down to get some action. My cum loving wife wasn't about to miss a great opportunity. 
