 My wife and I had just moved into a new neighborhood because I took a new job that required us to move. The day we moved in, a neighbor lady came over to welcome us to the neighborhood. She was about the same age as my wife and I, around thirty, and fairly attractive as well. Anyway, later we came to be good friends with her and her husband. Her name is Tammy and his is Dave. One evening we had gone to their house for dinner and after eating we sat in the living room talking about life in general while watching TV. During our conversation Dave was flipping through the channels and had stopped on an adult movie channel. After a few seconds he turned it to a music channel and put down the remote. However, we all saw the movie that was on and started to laugh a little saying oops. Even though it was an accident it was enough to move our conversation toward sex. We all noticed that the movie looked to be an amateur type movie. Tammy said she thought it looked like someone just sent in a home movie or something. April my wife said she thought the same thing. 

This turned or conversation to home sex tapes and we all confessed to making our own, but we could never send them in to an adult movie channel. Jokingly, I said that we were all just small timers and that we should trade them with each other. Everyone laughed as I expected but then Tammy said that swapping tapes sounded like fun to her. Everyone was quiet for a second then April said it sounded like fun to her too, and that we should do it. She looked at me and told me run across the street to our house and get our video. Tammy told Dave to get theirs as well. I could tell the women were excited at the idea, so I ran and got the movie. When I came back I saw that April had their video in her hand and she told me to give ours to Tammy. We all laughed and said we couldn't believe we were doing it. April spoke up and said she wanted go home and watch their video so they could enjoy ours. We said good-bye and that we would see them tomorrow. 

We went home and changed into some more comfortable clothes. Then with great anticipation, turned out the lights and put in their video. It was awesome seeing people you know sucking and fucking like this. It was not like any other adult movie because we knew these people it made the video ten times more arousing and knowing they were watching our video also made it all the more intense. We started fucking while watching the video. Dave and I were about the same size in the dick department but as far as body size and build, I'm a little taller and he has a little stronger build. As far as the women go, April is tall and slender with B-cup tits and I would say Tammy is about four inches shorter with a little more meat on her, but still healthy not fat in any way, with C to D-cup tits. April keeps her pussy completely shaved and Tammy shaves hers into a V shape patch on top and shaves it bald around her pussy. 

They seemed to have very similar habits to us because on there video Tammy was doing a solo number and then Dave doing it solo after her followed by some serious sucking and fucking which is very similar to what is on our video except on ours there are some shots of April using toys. We continued fucking while watching their video but had to stop when we saw, to our amazement another girl in the video. Apparently Tammy had brought home a female coworker and had a 2 on 1 with her friend and Dave. Even more surprising but definitely arousing was watching Tammy lick the other girls pussy and later 69ing the girl while Dave fucked her. 

The next day Tammy came over to trade back tapes. I heard her and April in the kitchen talking about what all happened the night before and as we expected they were fucking while watching our tape too. I heard Tammy say we need to do something like this again. To my amazement I heard April say that maybe we should do live performances for each other then I heard Tammy say hell yes! I quickly walked into our bedroom so the women didn't know that I heard them. About two minutes later I heard the front door close and a couple seconds later April walked in the bedroom smiling. 

She said she wanted to ask me something, but as you know I already knew what it was. She asked if I really enjoyed the video last night. I told her I thought it was a lot of fun. She then asked if I would like to take it a little further and do it live. I asked when she wanted to do it. She said that Tammy wanted to do it tonight and she was eager to do it too. I agreed so she called Tammy on the phone immediately. She was bouncing off the walls the rest of the day. 

It was about an hour away from the time the women had set for us to come over and we had just finished taking a shower. We were getting dressed when she began telling me that what we were about to do had been a fantasy of hers for a while now and she was getting wet just thinking about what was about to happen. I have to admit that it really sounded like a lot of fun to me too. 

I had never seen people fucking in real life before not to mention the fact that they will be watching us fuck at the same time. Before last night I had never dreamed of actually doing anything like this. It was only something you would read about in a magazine or on a porn video and now I was about to do it with my wife. 

April was wearing a short dress and I must say looking very hot, I was looking forward to sliding my hands up her dress and removing the thong she had put on. The thought of another man seeing my wife naked strangely turned me on. As we walked up to the door, Tammy opened it before we even knocked. I could easily tell she was excited too! She smiled and told us to come on in. She was looking really good and I could hardly wait to see her in action, showing all her goodies. When we walked into the living room I could see that they had arranged the furniture for the occasion. I also saw the video camera set up across the room which I kind of expected. Dave saw me look at the camera and told me he would make us a copy of the evening. 

I wondered how we would start this off but that question was quickly answered when the women at the same time walked up to us and started removing our clothes. Both Dave and I stood there while they stripped us down to nothing. We stood about four feet from each other as our wives all most in synchronization began to fondle our manhood. After stroking us to total erection they finally broke their duplicated actions when Tammy removed her dress and April dropped to her knees and took my dick in her mouth. She pushed me down on the sofa and began licking my balls. Her short dress was now hiked up showing her ass in a thong. 

Tammy was now only wearing a thong after she removed her bra, letting her tits bounce as she sucked Dave sitting on the couch. I reached down and pulled the dress up and over Aprils shoulder and she finished removing it then removed her bra as well. I told her to stand up and pulled her panties off. Then I laid flat on my back and told her I wanted to 69. I dove into her now very wet pussy and grabbed her bare ass that was sticking in the air. I heard Dave tell Tammy to take off her panties and from the sounds of it he was licking her pussy. April was now cumming and screaming in pleasure. After she finished with her orgasm she stood up and then got down into the doggy style position begging me to fuck her. I liked this position because while I fucked her I had a great view of Dave and Tammy. 

Tammy was now straddling his lap and bouncing up and down. From the view I had I could see his dick being crammed into her pussy while he grabbed her ass cheeks spreading them wide open so I could see everything. She was now cumming and letting the whole world know it too. After fucking for about an hour I heard Dave say he was about to cum. Tammy urged him on as he fucked her doggy style as well. Listening to her talking to him, telling him to cum in her pussy must have affected me because suddenly, I could feel that I was about to cum too. I told April and she started cheering me on too. 

April was watching Dave cum and Tammy was staring at me. After we finished filling our women with cum, I dropped to the floor and tried to catch my breath and Dave sat on the couch and tried to catch his. They both sat on the floor looking at each other smiling. Tammy spoke up and said that she really enjoyed what we had just done and April agreed. 

Out of nowhere, Tammy crawled over on all fours and gently pushed April back to where she was laying flat on her back. She then proceeded, to my amazement, to start licking April’s pussy. April didn’t try to stop Tammy either, instead she told Tammy to put her pussy over her face and the two of them were in the middle of the floor licking the cum out of each other's freshly fucked pussies. After only a couple of minutes they were both cumming. 

I couldn’t just watch anymore my dick was now hard as a rock again and as soon as Tammy rolled off of April I positioned myself and started fucking April's pussy again, Dave did the same to Tammy. We were now laying side by side only in opposite directions thus giving me and Dave excellent views of the action. We fucked liked animals for another hour when I finally was ready to cum. April told me to stand up so she could suck me off. She wanted them to get a good view of me shooting my load into her mouth and I did just that. She caught most of it in her mouth with only a little on her chin and she licked it off too. 

Tammy was now on her knees in front of Dave sucking and stroking him trying to bring him off as well and in no time she did it. She stroked his dick aiming it at her mouth but his dick flinched as he first came and a stream of cum was running from her forehead to her nose but the rest she managed to catch in her mouth. She tried to wipe it off her face and got most of it. We all now dropped to the sofas in a state of exhaustion. After five minutes our so April spoke up and said she had a wonderful evening and hoped we could do this again but that we were going to call it a night. Tammy said she was looking forward to next time and grabbed her dress to wipe her face off. 

We all stood and tried finding our clothes so we could get dressed. Dave said he would give me a copy of the video tomorrow. The women said goodnight, then we went back to the house. No, we did not have sex again. We just dropped to the bed and practically past out. I had the best night of sleep I ever had, and when I woke up I realized it wasn’t a dream and was eager to give my wife a good morning fuck and she obviously was thinking the same thing. This definitely put a spark in our sex life because we watched the video and fucked every night for the rest of the week. Now the women have to decide when we are going to do it again....I hope it will be soon!