 Alice threw her head back and groaned as I thrust into her from behind. It was an animalistic sound, primitive and nonverbal. I gripped her hips more firmly and slipped my cock nearly all the way out before pushing deeper. As I did, I felt Julie moving below us, her tongue teasing us both.

Julie was lying on her back with her head at the foot of the bed, straddled by Alice facing the opposite direction on her hands and knees. I was standing a bit awkwardly, with my legs parted to leave room for Julie's head so she could lick Alice's clit while I fucked her.

Alice closed her eyes and laid her head against one of Julie's thighs, spread invitingly beneath her. This gave me a good view of Julie's pussy, lips parted and glistening wetly. Her clit was swollen and protruding, having only just been abandoned by Alice's tongue as she became unable to focus. My cock throbbed at the sight, and I pushed deeper into Alice's cunt, feeling her friend's tongue tickle my shaft as I did.

The girls (roommates, as it turns out) and I met at the bar. I had been hitting on Alice, unaware they were a package deal. Of the two, Alice was shorter, with curly blonde hair. Julie had short dark hair and an athletic build that contrasted with Alice's round hips and ample cleavage. Alice was funny and flirtatious, while Julie was cautious and reserved.

When Alice invited me back to her apartment, and Julie climbed in the cab with us, I wasn't sure what to make of it. I assumed she was just hitching a ride and would make herself scarce. I certainly wasn't expecting them to start kissing and removing each other's clothes as soon as we got inside.

Alice's dress fell to the floor immediately, revealing a lacy red bra and matching thong. Julie peeled off her tight jeans and blouse, until she was only wearing a pair of bright blue panties and a thin white tank top with no bra. The girls were kissing and running their hands over each other's bodies. I saw Julie's nipples harden through the thin fabric of her top, and when Alice pulled it over her head to suck a nipple into her mouth, Julie gasped.

Alice released her nipple with a loud wet pop and turned to face me. She kissed me and started unbuttoning my shirt, but got distracted as Julie unhooked her bra. Letting it drop to the floor, she stepped back and bit her lip, making eye contact with me as Julie kissed her neck and fondled her heavy breasts.

I took the hint and started undressing, following the girls as they moved toward a bedroom. As they stood in front of the bed, Alice winked at me, then they both pulled down their underwear. Julie had a neatly trimmed patch of dark pubic hair, while Alice was completely shaved. I grinned and dropped my own boxers, revealing a jutting erection. Alice bit her lip at the sight, but Julie grabbed her chin and started kissing her urgently.

They continued kissing as they fell onto the bed. I watched them roll around, grabbing each other and giggling before finally pivoting around to the 69 position. It was undeniably hot watching them writhe and squirm as they licked each other. I felt my heart pounding in my chest and started stroking my erection.

The girls were making little gasps of pleasure. From my angle, I could only see Julie, who was on the bottom. She was gripping Alice's ass, spreading it and craning her neck up so she could reach her pussy. Her tongue worked in tight, urgent circles around her friend's clit. Now and then she would pause to lick the length of her slit, probing between her lips and making Alice gasp.

I was starting to feel a bit left out, standing there naked with my cock in my hand as they squirmed and moaned. Before I could make up my mind what to do, Julie dropped her head, letting it hang over the foot of the bed. She opened her eyes and looked at me upside-down, all the while panting with pleasure from whatever Alice was doing.

Then, without saying a word, she reached up one hand and spread her friend's pussy for me. Alice's lips were puffy and coated with the same creamy wetness I could see on Julie's cheeks. As I watched, her bright pink opening contracted and then relaxed, as if inviting me in. Julie gasped excitedly when I stepped forward — whether from some trick of Alice's tongue or excitement at what she was about to see, I don't know.

I stood at the edge of the bed, gripping my cock. Alice's round ass was before me, her roommate's face peeking out below it. Julie was biting her lip and offering me her friend's pussy to fuck. Instead, I pointed my cock down and brushed it along Julie's lips. She gasped in surprise, then opened her mouth and took me in. Her tongue swirled around my head, eagerly tasting my pre-cum. After a moment, I pulled my cock out with a loud slurp and positioned it at the entrance to Alice's pussy.

I didn't push into her right away. I let my cock rest there, the head just tapping against her opening. Her pussy lips parted eagerly, wanting to wrap around me, ready to accept me inside her body. I heard a muffled plea from ahead of me, between Julie's thighs. Alice was begging me to fuck her. I thrust forward, filling her up all at once.

Alice reacted immediately. Her head popped up, and she cried out at the sudden sensation. Wiggling in my grip, she tried to push me deeper. I imagine it was overwhelming, going from the intensity of a tongue on her clit to the sudden fullness of a cock deep inside her. I heard Julie moan, whether from the loss of Alice's tongue or the sight of my cock pushing into her friend, directly above her face. I held still for a long moment, savoring the sensation. Then I started fucking Alice hard.

She matched each thrust with a little grunt, her head down, her ass up. She leaned on her elbows, breathing heavily, attention focused inward, not caring what kind of noises she made. I heard Julie's breathing quicken. It was coming in short, excited pants as she watched my cock slip in and out of her friend's cunt. She had a very close-up view of Alice's lips wrapped around my shaft.

I felt a jolt when Julie lifted her head and began to use her tongue. She would follow my cock as it slid in and out. She licked along my shaft, and then around Alice's lips before returning to her clit. Alice was shaking and crying out with each movement. I imagined jolts of electricity jumping from Julie's tongue to Alice's clit, then traveling up her spine to her nipples. Alice's big tits were pressed against Julie's belly, rubbing against her with each thrust.

Alice's moans came faster and faster. I tried to keep pace, matching her excitement as it rose. Eventually, her cries merged into one long, guttural shout and I felt her pussy convulse around me, hot and tight. There was a gush of hot fluid I felt around the base of my cock, and I heard Julie make a startled noise. The thought of Alice squirting in Julie's mouth as I fucked her pushed me over the edge. I felt my balls tighten and knew my orgasm was imminent.

"I'm about to cum," I grunted.

"Don't cum inside me!" Alice blurted, still rocking and gasping, her pussy spasming around me even as she said it.

I felt the first twitch of my orgasm, and pulled out, unsure if it would be in time. It was a surprise to feel Julie's hand quickly pull my cock down into her mouth. I was already cumming as she wrapped her lips around my head and sucked hard, her tongue flicking against the opening.

I cried out and unintentionally thrust forward. Julie gagged, and I felt her body spasm as my cock shoved into her throat. Then she seemed to open up and take me in completely. I felt her lips around the base of my shaft. Her throat was tight and hot around me. Knowing she was tasting Alice's cum turned me on even more. My cocked throbbed over and over again, pumping my spunk down her throat.

The sensation was overwhelming, and I collapsed forward. I dropped my head between Alice's shoulder blades and shut my eyes tight. My entire body was shaking with the strength of my orgasm as Julie continued to suck, my cock twitching in her mouth.

After the last spasm had rocked my body, I pulled my hips back until only the head of my cock remained in her mouth. I reached down and twined my fingers into her hair, wrapping them around the back of her head. Julie moaned happily as she continued to lazily lick the tip of my cock, teasing the last of my cum out.

Finally, it was too much, and I rolled to the side, landing on the bed next to the girls. They shifted around until we were all right-side-up and spooning. I had my arms wrapped around Alice, cupping her breast absent-mindedly. She had her arm thrown over Julie's hips, head resting on her shoulder.

We lay there in the post-coital glow for quite some time. And when my cock stiffened again, poking Alice in the rear, she sighed happily and wriggled against me in a way that promised the night wasn't over.