 I'm a sexy woman. I love sex.

Now, my husband, John, and I had started talking about various things like swapping and such, hadn't done it yet but had gone to a couple of 'soft-swap' parties and did a little looking and necking and making out but no more. At least yet. John did find one woman and had sex with her but her husband was not at all to my taste, a tattooed biker-type. Some love 'em, some don't. I'm in the latter.

We'd been married for just over twenty-five years so our sex life had gotten somewhat routine as, I suppose, it will.

Sex has been better since our son, Donnie, went off to college. It's allowed John and I to be much more open around the house and we often are scantily-clothed or not clothed at all. Also, when Donnie was home, we couldn't fuck on the sofa in the family room or on the counter in the kitchen, just all those nice places around the house where we now make love.

So, last weekend, Donnie had a couple of his college friends down to our house for the weekend before they all headed back to school to begin their junior year. They were at the lake near here jet-skiing most of the afternoon on Friday then came home to shower and go clubbing before starting the grind of classes and study on Monday.

John and I were also going out. We told Donnie it was a party at friends but it was really another soft-swap get-together. I just didn't think I wanted to quite tell him we were trolling for spouse-swap partners. You can understand, I'm sure.

So, I was dressed, well, in a way that I would not dress for church or a parent-teacher meeting.

I was in a sundress and high-heel stiletto heels, the dress a short one with a low-cut bodice and rather thin material. Donnie was in the shower when John and I were leaving, which I was happy about, after all, I was bra-less and wearing a tiny thong and my nipples were, well, doing just what nipples do, they were hard and swollen.

I wore this dress with practically nothing under it for just the reason that it was pretty transparent. And my nipples could not only be seen but they were imprinting through my dress.

As I came down the stairs, Donnie's two friends were there.

"Oh, wow, Mrs. Arnold, all the eyes are gonna be on you tonight," said, Eric, the taller of my son's two friends.

"I'll say, my eyes just love what they see, Mrs. A," Josh, his other friend said.

"Well, guys, at my age, I'll take every complement like that I can get."

"Trust me, you're looking just the right age for me, oh, for sure," Eric said with a grin.

"Count me in that number, Mrs. A. You look gorgeous. If you need an escort, I'm here."

"Thanks, Josh, I think my husband can still handle that but I'll let you know if anything ever changes."

"Oh, do that. I'd jump at the chance. Maybe even jump you," he offered with a boyish grin.

"Down boy, I'd better leave, you young guys might just be too much for an old lady like me."

"You look lots better than most of the girls I see at school. And you know how to show it," said Josh.

"Well, thanks, guys, here comes John, see you later," and we left for our 'look-see' party to look and see. And have a little grope and kiss and cuddle here and there at minimum. Maybe more, I hoped.

As we drove to the party, I thought about these two handsome, young guys flirting with me and it was making me feel tingly in my pussy and nipples which were already erect from rubbing on the fabric of my dress.

This time, the party was a success. John hooked-up almost as soon as we walked in and really just minutes later after I'd just had my first sip of wine, a nice-looking man came over and we went to have some privacy to talk and neck a bit. He really turned out quite nice so we found an empty bedroom and got to know each other intimately.

Back out, I saw John on a sofa with another woman, his hand up under her top as another man approached me. He told me he had seen me at one of these but never had the chance to get to know me. So, we went off and he got to know me very, very well.

We got home about midnight, John having found two women to fuck and I had a pussy full of cum, three men's worth. Oh, yes, this was what these parties are all about. The first two started slowly but I think it also just took John and I some getting used-to the scene and how things went at these get-togethers. People sure did get-together. Oh, yes.

We talked about it all the way home and soon were in bed, me up over John, sucking his cock with the tastes of two women all mingled together with his own as I pressed down my pussy all over his face with my juices and the cum of three men from the party. Yes, I had fun. And still was. I sucked John until he cummed and then got up and left him to sleep. He had more to drink that I had and I was still wired and horny. My evening, rather than satisfying me, made me even more sexually aroused.

So, I slipped on my tiniest thong swimsuit and heels and headed for the hot tub on the patio. Now, if you're paying attention, you noticed that I put on high heels. So, it was obvious that I was hoping to be seen and since our son's two college friends were staying with us, well, I knew what I was doing. There had been a message on the phone that his friends were a bit buzzed and were coming home, so would we leave the front door unlocked for them as our son had met someone and would not be coming home with them. Ah, ha.

I knew Eric and Josh were headed this way so I took a nice swim in the pool then got in the hot tub to wait their arrival. I was straddling one of the water jets with my thong pulled aside when I heard the two guys come in. They were trying to be quiet but just didn't quite make it. I had put on the mood lighting around the pool and I think they saw it and came out.

"Oh, hi, Mrs. Arnold. You look relaxed," Josh said. "That looks nice."

I stood up, mostly so they could see me in my tiniest thong bikini and asked them if they wanted to join me. "Towels are over there, guys."

They looked at each other and started to take their clothes off and when Josh got down to his briefs and Eric to his boxers, they looked at each other, then at me, then pulled them down and walked over to the tub, both cocks wagging back and forth in the dim light.

As they were getting in, I said, "What happens in the hot tub, stays in the hot tub, boys, okay?"

They both said, okay, and sat in the water opposite me.

"So, did you and Mister Arnold have a good time?" Eric asked.

"Oh, yes, very nice, John's a bit snockered and is fast asleep, but I was rather wide-awake so I decided to have a swim and soak, then you two showed up to keep me company."

"So tell us about this party you went to. I'll bet it was fun," Eric asked.

"Oh, much fun, guys, the kind of fun that you're beginning to learn about, I think."

"I'll bet every guy there was hitting on you, Mrs, Arnold."

"It's Helen, guys, and I think I'm also a bit overdressed for our own little party," and I stood up and pulled off my top and bottom, taking plenty of time for them to take in every square inch of skin I was presenting them with.

"You are really beautiful, Mrs., uh, Helen, just gorgeous," said Josh.

"Well, I don't understand why you're both so far away, come, let's get closer," and they both stood up, showing me those lovely long, thick, hard cocks again, they just looked so delicious.

Each guy came around to sit right next to me and it was just moments until I had a hand wrapped around each cock moving it up and down.

"Now, isn't this much better? More cozy?" I asked.

"Oh, it's just what I've wanted ever since I first met you, Helen," said Eric.

"Why that's sweet. Is there anything else you boys would like? I'm in rather a mood, tonight with two handsome and, hard, fellows in the tub with me."

"I'm up for whatever you want to do, Helen," offered Josh.

"Well, if you boys will sit on the edge, I'd be happy to suck these two lovely cocks," and they were instantly out of the water and sitting on the rim, legs wide.

I moved between Josh's legs and took hold of his nice, hard cock and began licking around the tip as I looked over at Eric.

"Don't worry, Eric, I'll get to you shortly, I can usually get a guy to cum pretty quick," and went back to work.

I soon had Josh groaning, I knew horny, young guys would succumb to my oral skills quite soon and was rewarded with a mouthful of his love juice as I ran my tongue around his tip while I sucked. Works every time.

Eric looked excited as I moved over to him and lowered my lips over his cock to softly suck the tip and wipe my tongue around and around.

"Oh, wow, that's the best. You really know how to suck cock."

Ah, another happy admirer of my oral artistry. I soon was swallowing a load of his cum as I watched him orgasm so happily.

"I have never had a blowjob that good before, you are the best, really the best."

"Well, fellows, my pussy is in a state and really wants some attention," I said as I got up on the padded edge and spread open.

"You know what to do, right," and Eric moved right in and began licking and tonguing me as Josh knelt next to him sucking one of my nipples. Ah, two guys, I sure love having two guys loving me.

I was petting both their cheeks as they attended to me, Eric on my pussy, Josh on my breast. Oh, yes, it was lovely.

Eric did all the right things and brought me to a lovely orgasm, complete with me kicking my feet in the water, getting us all wet from head to toe. Then, Josh took over and my pussy was in heaven once again. You know I love it licked and he was good. About ten minutes in, he had me writhing and thrashing as another orgasm took me over.

I slipped into the water again, pulling them both in with me, as I lay my head back and just let the warmth and the wonderful feelings both soak into me fully.

We all enjoyed the water and I enjoyed the young hands exploring my body everywhere, when I said softly, "I think you should each fuck me, then I'll be all nice and ready for bed, all nice and full of your cum. Sound good?"

They didn't even answer. Eric was immediately up between my thighs pushing his long, hard cock up into me and began jack-rabbiting back and forth.

"Slow down, Eric, easy, I know you're ready and all but let's just enjoy a nice fuck. I'm afraid there's a good bit of cum already up in there, so your's won't be the first."

"Sounds like that was an interesting party, Mrs. A."

"Oh, boys, just wait. Well, of course you are in college, maybe you're way ahead of Mister Arnold and me."

"Well there was a wild one we went to last year with about forty or fifty people, all naked, really more girls than guys, it lasted all weekend. Maybe I shouldn't tell you this but Donnie went with us and I can tell you your son is no longer a virgin, that's for sure," said Josh.

"No, I rather knew that."

"Oh, wow, maybe it runs in the family," Eric joked.

"I take that as a compliment, Eric."

He was slowly fucking me in and out as Josh played with my breasts, sucking my nipples, staying involved as I gripped his cock and pulled it back and forth. I had been fucked already by three men at the party, then John when we got home, now my fifth was rocking his hips back and forth, sending waves of water across the hot tub and waves of pleasure across my delighted body.

"Oh, I'm gonna cum, oooh, yes, MMM, UUH, UUH, uuh, uuh, mmm, oh, wow, you are so good, the sexiest woman I've ever seen," Eric groaned as he spewed his warm cum into me. The look on his face was wonderful, pure joy. I was feeling pretty happy myself as he pulled out of me and Josh pressed into me, easily sliding in all the way.

"Wow, look at the cum dripping out of you, Mrs. A. You're full for sure."

"I'll bet you can add some more, Josh, I just love guys cumming inside me. More the merrier."

"I don't think it'll take me very long the way this feels. You are really tight and you feel so good."

"I do exercises to keep my pussy toned-up. I use a rubber cock, a dildo, that has a suction cup that I put on that glass-topped table right over there, on the corner and fuck it up and down for hours sometimes."

"I'll bet you have fun doing that," says Eric.

"Oh, the real thing is much nicer. You guys have nice cocks."

"My cock sure loves fucking you, Mrs. A, oh, it sure does."

"Well, just keep doing what you're doing, Josh, and you're going to give me quite a lovely orgasm."

"I'd love nothing better that to make you happy, Mrs. A. You're sure making me happy."

"Oh, I'm really feeling it now, Josh, just keep going, don't you dare stop."

"A bullet wouldn't stop me, this feels so good."

Yes, it was feeling good, much better than good, I was headed for a wonderful climax, I could feel it building and building.

"Mmm, oh, yes, Josh, ooh, OH, OOH, OOH, uh, uh, mmm, oh, you two are so good, you really know how to make me so happy."

It was wonderful. A good, hard, young cock fucking me to orgasm. I had really lost track of mow many I had had since we arrived at the party but every one was wonderful.

I was in a dreamy trance when Josh began to groan as he was pumping into me, then he shoved hard and another warm, delicious deposit of cum was added to all the others as I lay back, yes, well, fucked-out.

They were both kissing me and feeling me all over as I lay there blissed-out.

"Mrs. A, you are the sexiest woman I've ever known. And the best fuck I've ever had," said Josh as he rubbed my wet, creamy pussy.

"I hope we can do this again before we have to go to school," Eric asked.

"We'll just have to see, fellows, I love your cocks," I said as I squeezed them both, "but I've got to get some sleep. Even Cinderella had to get some sleep, boys."

So, I kissed each one, frenching their mouth and sucking the tip of their cocks goodbye, at least for the time being and slowly walked up to my bedroom.

I slipped into bed, just as I was, naked, and as my wet hair draped across John's shoulder, he stirred and rolled over to me.

"Mmm, there you are," as he ducked his head down to suck a nipple, a somewhat sore nipple with all the attention my breasts had gotten in the past few hours. But, of course, I knew exactly what would please my husband the quickest, so I turned around and got up over him lowering my mouth over his cock as I dropped my wet, cummy pussy on his face.

His tongue felt rather lovely as I sucked him. I lifted off him for just a second to drool a glob of spit on my index finger which I slowly eased into his butt to gently rub his prostate, I knew that would trigger him into a strong, hard cum, and like clockwork, he bucked and began spewing his cum into my mouth as I swallowed and swallowed.

I got up off him and we kissed as he said, "You're the greatest, hon, I'm so glad I married you," and was sound asleep a few moments later. It took me a while to float down from my sexual high, slowly and gently caressing my swollen labia in all the cum that was seeping out of my contented pussy. Mmm, good night, all.