 When Mark woke up, he found himself tied down by the chest to a lounging armchair. His hands and ankles were strapped to the chair so he could only look around the room. 

The room was unfamiliar to him but he recognized the sex swing hanging from the ceiling. It was the one he had used Stephanie so many times in and it hung in the center of the room. To his right was a king sized bed draped in black silk sheets. Mark looked to the left to see a large sectional couch and Stephanie sitting in the center, legs crossed waiting for him to notice her. 

Dressed in a sheer blouse, a black miniskirt, and a pair of black peep-toe heels she warmly greeted her now conscious captive. 

"Hey sweetie. How you feeling? You passed out hard last night. I guess I wore you out. I'm sure you're wondering why you're waking up like this. Well, it seemed like it would be fun to make you watch for a bit to get you really wound up before I let you have me this time. I think you'll fuck me harder than ever before and I can't wait to find out."

Stephanie then stood up and walked over to the door across the room. Her skirt was short enough to expose the bottom part of her ass as she went to open the door. She stood at the threshold, placed her hands on the door frame, bent at the waist, and leaned out to look around. As she did this her skirt hiked all the way up and Mark could see her neon green thong under her skirt. Just seeing Stephanie's perfect round ass sent a rush of blood to his groin and he stared intently at her beautiful backside. 

After a minute a group of guys were talking to Stephanie and Mark could hear her giggling before turning around and walking back to sit down on the couch. Three naked men with cocks of various size followed Stephanie into the room. Two of them sat down on the couch while the third stood around stretching. Stephanie reached out to stroke the two dicks closest to her while licking her lips and staring at the standing man's 7 inch tool. He noticed her fixated on his rod and stepped toward Stephanie, bringing his cock inches away from her face. She stuck out her tongue and flicked the tip once lightly. A strand of precum strung between her tongue and the hardening dick which she broke and rubbed between her fingers. Stephanie then leaned back and looked over to Mark to see him fidgeting against his restraints and trying to angle his head for a better view. 

"How you doing over there, baby? I'd ask if you want to watch me play with these dicks, but I already know your answer. I can't wait to taste these cocks, have them fuck my holes, and see how much cum they've got for me to enjoy. Enjoy the show, darling."

Stephanie then stood up and instructed the men to get comfortable on the couch. Once she had everyone's full attention, Stephanie began to do a striptease and unbuttoned her blouse slowly. She then turned around, bent over and slowly slid her skirt down over her exposed ass while staring Mark right in the eye and grinning mischievously. 

When she turned back around to the men, they were all stroking themselves as just the sight of this cum hungry vixen was making them rock hard. Stephanie pinched her nipples and ran her fingers over her clit as she surveyed the rigid fuckmeat before her.  

Stephanie dropped to her knees and crawled up to the center cock, grasping it and licking up the shaft before popping it in her mouth and slurping at the head. She sucked deeply and went halfway down the rigid member before backing off so the tip rested on her lips and she kissed it gently. Stephanie then stuck her tongue out and guided the hard dick all the way into her mouth. She took it all the way in and buried her nose in the man's pubes, moaning around the cock sliding down her throat. At this point the man grabbed Stephanie's head and begun bringing her up and down his rod. 

Stephanie began fondling his balls as she got face fucked while using her other hand to strum her clit. She had slid the panties to one side, exposing her wet, dripping pussy for Mark to stare at. The attention she was giving her clit drove her to a strong orgasm. At the same time, the man she was blowing began to swell and shot a heavy load with his dick all the way in her throat. She moaned loudly around the spasming cock, enjoying being fed a hot cum load. Once the man had finished spurting, Stephanie pulled herself off him and lapped at his balls while his dick rested over her face. Bits of cum oozed out over her face and Stephanie gave it one last slurp before looking up at the two other men lustfully. 

"Liking the show boys? Didn't think I'd let that dick dump a load while it was balls deep in my mouth, did you? Well, I can take more cock and cum than you know so don't feel the need to take it easy with me. I want you to fuck me hard, fast, and deep before cumming wherever you want. I'm a good little cumslut so give me all you've got. God, my pussy is so wet already. Thought I could blow all of you first but I need a cock in my pussy now!"

With that she slipped off her panties, stepped up to the man on the right, and quickly straddled him pressing her tits in his face but not sliding her dripping snatch on his dick yet. Mark watched Stephanie tease the man by placing her pussy on the tip of his cock and just letting her juices drip down his tool. After a minute, Stephanie couldn't hold back anymore and dropped herself down, impaling herself with the huge dick. She set a steady pace and bounced herself up and down on the rigid shaft feeling it drive her to another good orgasm. 

When she felt herself cumming she drove herself down harder and began gushing on the cock fucking her. Stephanie cried out in pleasure, enjoying a satisfying orgasm and resumed her steady rhythm on the stiff rod. As she rode the hard dick, the other two men stood on the couch and brought their shafts to Stephanie's face. She began taking turns sucking and stroking the cocks as she continued to bounce herself on the man's lap. 

Mark could only watch as Stephanie worked herself up and down on a stiff rod while taking each cock at her head in turn. Her orgasms had gotten her nice and wet, and the cock fucking her pussy was coated in her juices. Mark knew Stephanie well enough to know that this was only the beginning of her night and knew she would want more cock inside of her. Sure enough, Stephanie told the men she was sucking that she needed her ass fucked too. 

One of the men stepped away from her face and up to her waiting ass. Stephanie stuck her ass out, wanting a good fucking and pleaded to have her tight asshole fucked hard. 

"Oh, yes. God this feels so good, please stick your hard cock in my tight little asshole. I want to be airtight, boys. Can you do that for me? Fill each of my holes with your dick until you're ready to come. I love feeling huge loads shoot inside of me. Think you boys are up for that, huh? I'm a dirty little fuckslut with come hungry holes. Give me all you got!"

With her encouragement the man at her ass pushed his cockhead against her waiting hole. He pushed himself gently into her, inch by inch, causing Stephanie to moan loudly as she felt herself stuffed with two cocks. Once the man behind her had slowly worked her ass open, he began to bounce her on his dick as the man in her pussy started to push himself upward and drive his cock all the way in. As the men fucking her found their rhythm, the third guy had positioned himself directly in front of Stephanie's face and flexed his cock. She began voraciously sucking on the hard dick as she enjoyed her DP. 

Stephanie was loving every stroke of dick in her ass and pussy and felt herself come hard. As her body spasmed in orgasm the men only drove in to her harder and deeper. When she came a second time it was too much for the man behind her. He pounded Stephanie deeply as his come spewed deep in her ass. He slowly pulled out and come spilled out of Stephanie's ass as she settled her body down and took the cock in her pussy all the way in. She was in heaven being filled with come and she only wanted more. 

The man who had been getting his knob polished stepped up to Stephanie's come dripping asshole and rubbed his cockhead around to lube up with the fresh load. The man then lined his dick up and slid himself balls deep in her used hole. 

"Ooooo, yeah, fuck my slutty come filled ass. That's exactly what I had in mind when I invited you guys in here. Now that you've got me warmed up, feel free to call any friends to join in. I really meant it when I said I wanted ALL the cock and come you could give me. You guys still haven't made me airtight yet. Are you all done after just coming in my ass once? Come over here and stick that cock down my throat."

Just hearing Stephanie beg had him at half mast, so he gladly stepped up to her mouth and let her work his dick over. Once Stephanie started sucking that cock, she fell into a fuck frenzy. She grabbed the dick in front of her and took all that she could working it deeper into her throat. Stephanie bounced her body against the cocks fucking her holes, sliding them as far out as she could before slamming her holes back down to be filled completely. The men could only hold on as she managed to be at the focus of a gangbang but also fully in control of it. Stephanie's holes slid back and forth on the three dicks as she tumbled into her most intense orgasm yet. 

Stephanie moaned loudly as she came and the men were right behind her, unable to contain themselves in her slick hungry holes. The man in her throat came first and Stephanie swallowed greedily as he emptied his sack inside her again. Stephanie continued to lick and kiss his cockhead as she felt her pussy being filled with a huge come load. It completely filled her up and globs of come slipped out around the cock as it took its final strokes. 

The man fucking her ass increased his pace once he felt the cock in her pussy dump its load. He made sure Stephanie came again from a potent butt fucking before firing an enormous amount of jizz in her well fucked ass. He pulled his spasming cock back until just the tip remained inside then slammed back in causing come to gush out around his dick. He then stepped back and watched as Stephanie flipped herself over and sat on the sectional, spreading her legs and basking in the afterglow. 

"Oh, yeah, that's exactly what I'm looking for. Cocks to fuck me hard and fill my holes with come. Have you called more people yet? Or do you boys think you've got it in you to keep me satisfied yourselves? As you can see there are lots of fun ways to fuck me in here and I've got my man strapped into a chair to make him watch. So make sure you fuck me hard, make me moan real loud, and give me your come."

Stephanie then got up, walked over to Mark and straddled him. She leaned in close to whisper in his ear. 

"So, do you like watching your little slut get fucked and filled with come? I'm gonna get in that fuck swing next. Uh huh, just spread my legs wide for anyone that wants to give me his cock. You know how much I love cock and come. I just know you're gonna pound me like crazy when I let you out of here. But if you're a good and behave, I might get someone cute to suck your cock. I'm sure there will be plenty of girls that will want a taste of you."

Stephanie then got up and strolled over to the door, opened it wide then headed toward the fuck swing. Once she had gotten herself set up, her legs were spread open wide with her come dripping pussy and ass pointed at the open door. After a minute, someone walked by and stuck his head in. Stephanie looked him in the eye and said, "Please come fuck me". 

The sight of Stephanie hanging from the ceiling spread eagle with come dripping from her asshole and pussy was an amazing sight. The man didn't say a word, just took his clothes off and strode up to her exposed crotch. He slid his dick against her used holes for a bit before bringing his tip against her willing pussy and slowly sliding himself balls deep. The man fucking her took his time and brought his cock almost all the way out, then slid back inside her hungry pussy. Stephanie was really enjoying herself and knew she would be fucked well in the swing. 

"Mmmmmm, your cock feels so good. Thanks for coming in to play, sweetie. I wore those three out, and while they get their second wind I needed someone to keep me entertained. God, when you fuck me like that I can feel every inch of your rod filling my come filled pussy. Care to add another load? Please fuck me hard and fill me with your come. I need it so bad, please give it to me. Please give me your cock and come! 

Once again Stephanie's vocal encouragement spurred the man to give her just what she wanted and began to thrust harder and faster into her. He could feel the previous loads gushing out around his cock and down his sack as it slapped against her ass. Stephanie moaned loudly, loving the attention she was getting and felt a strong orgasm wash over her. As her pussy clenched around the dick impaling her, the man felt her come and began to pound her harder as she cried out in pleasure. 

"Ooh, fuck yes. Give it to me hard! Yes, it feels so good. I can feel you filling me all the way up. Please fuck me deep and fill my slutty pussy with your come. I need it so bad. Please come in my pussy."

The man let out a few animalistic grunts and drove into her fiercely before firing off a massive come load. He kept his rod balls deep as it continued to swell and empty his entire sack. Stephanie squeezed her pussy around the pulsing cock making sure to get every bit of come he had for her. Eventually he pulled out and a stream of come flowed out from Stephanie's pussy, oozed down her ass cheeks and began to fall to the floor. 

The man complimented Stephanie's eagerness and got dressed. He promised her he would tell everybody just where to find a horny slut who wants all the cock and come she can get. Stephanie rubbed her pussy and thanked him for the fresh load. She kept her eyes on the door waiting for the next participant and didn't have to wait long. A cute couple happened by and were drawn in by the sight of Stephanie in the swing spread eagle and dripping come. Stephanie spread her pussy open for them and licked her lips lustily. 

"Hi there, like what you see? I'll bet a handsome guy like you has a pretty cock too. Want to fuck one of my holes? As you can see, I just love come and need more. Can you help me out stud? Your pretty girlfriend can play with me too if she likes or she can go tease my husband over in that chair there. What do you say? Wanna have some fun?"

The guy looked to his girlfriend, and she met his gaze, smiled slyly, and kissed him while taking off his pants to expose his large stiffening member. She stroked it a few times then took a firm hold of the base and guided him over to Stephanie. She rubbed his tip up into her pussy a bit to let come drip down his rod. Once the semen had reached her hand she pulled the dick back and placed the tip against Stephanie's puckered sphincter. The girl pinched Stephanie's nipple and told her that her boyfriend is too big to fuck her ass so she likes to share him with girls who can take his huge cock their asses. Tonight was a bonus with Mark tied down as she loved to give head and play with cock. 

"Well then, you found the right girl for that. Slide him inside me please. I want him to stretch me out and fill my ass with hot come. Go ahead and play with my toy over there, he's been very good, he's watched me take several loads and deserves a treat." 

Unable to hold back, the boyfriend lunged forward and drove his come covered dick into Stephanie's tight ass. She moaned in response and watched as the girl went over to Mark, took off her top and let her tits swing free before kneeling in front of him. She reached for his flaccid cock and felt the precum dripping from the tip. She began stroking his cock to attention as he grew harder watching her boyfriend fuck Stephanie's ass savagely. He was fucking her hard and letting her swing back and forth with the force of his thrusts. Mark heard Stephanie cry out and knew she would be coming hard. His cock swelled as the girl stroked it gently and played with the precum that seeped out from his rigid tool. The sight of his magnificent member entranced the girl as she kneeled forward and took the cock in her mouth. She worshipped it, kissing it gently and letting her tongue and lips touch every inch of it. She sighed contently as she slurped up and down, loving the taste of it while her boyfriend's cock fucked Stephanie well. 

The three original men watched the scene before them in awe. Stephanie's pure sluttyness was incredible and they knew they were in for a fun night. One of them said he was going to go get some friends and left while the other two couldn't ignore their hardening members and set out to join in the fun. They both walked up to Stephanie's head as she swung back and forth. The man fucking her slowed down a bit to let the two of them present their cocks to Stephanie. She reached out and grabbed both, pulling them to her and took turns slurping at the heads as she came again from the dick in her ass. The man the buried his rod balls deep and told the men getting blown they were free to fuck his girlfriend's pussy. It was propped up and visibly soaked through her panties as she lost herself enjoying the taste of Mark's dick. 

The men at her head stepped back and one went to give the girlfriend some dick while the other positioned himself directly above Stephanie's head so she could tilt it back and get her throat fucked. He jammed his cock in deep and Stephanie gurgled in pleasure as both ends of her were filled completely. The men began fucking her hard and letting her bounce off the cock in her ass and take the one at her head deep. Stephanie felt the cocks swell as they thrust into her, she loved the feeling of being stuffed with cock as she stretched to accommodate the hard dick. 

The girl blowing Mark squealed in surprise as she felt someone tug her panties to the side and rub a cockhead at her dripping snatch. Keeping the dick in her mouth she pressed back against the hard tool and bounced back and forth pushing the cock inside her. She pulled Mark's dick from her mouth and sucked his balls, running her tongue around them as she felt herself come hard on the cock she was fucking. Her pussy gushed as she worked it back and forth in a delirium. She began to plant deep kisses on Mark's cock as the dick in her pussy slowly picked up its own pace. The man fucking her grabbed her ass cheeks and pounded her pussy as she worshiped Mark's dick. 

Stephanie continued to get spit roasted as the men used her to their hearts content, driving into her with all they could. Her sloppy holes greedily took every inch they had to give and then some, wanting to be filled to the brim. Stephanie felt a strong orgasm build up and screamed around the dick in her throat while clenching her ass around the rod buttfucking her deep. The vibrations of Stephanie's moans and her spasming ass were too much for them and they drove in as deep as they could then fired out rocket blasts of come deep inside her. 

The men grasped at the straps of the swing and held on as Stephanie felt the loads shooting into her and came again, which squeezed the cock from her ass and made the other man shudder and fall down to the ground from the sheer pleasure. The thump of him hitting the ground got everyone's attention as they all looked over. He got up and sat down on the couch to regain his bearings while the girl before Mark stood up and walked over to her man, led him to sit down on the couch, kneeled before him leaving her pussy exposed again, and began to slurp and clean all the come off his cock. The man who had been fucking her stepped up behind her again then slid his rock hard cock back inside her pussy and resumed fucking her well. Stephanie watched her get bookended and rubbed her fingers over her used pussy and asshole, feeling the come flow freely and streak down her body. 
