 Stephanie was helped out of the swing my a few men. Once she was free of the swing, they carried her over to the bed and placed her gently upon it. Stephanie stretched and got comfortable on her back as she ran her hands over her body. She was still slick all over and come flowed from her pussy and ass. 

Mark was still awake and enjoying the view of his cumslut of a girl. It was starting to bother him that he hadn't gotten to slide his hard cock in her come filled holes yet. As he thought this, three men got up onto the bed ready to give Stephanie more dick. 

"Mmmmmm, that's it boys, step on up. Give me all you got and make me come all over your stiff tools. Who wants to give me their come more, hmm? Ok, boys, first one to come for me gets to fuck my ass. Come on, come for me please."

With a go in her heavenly ass on the line, all three men moved in closer to her and started stroking their cocks, trying to bust their nuts on the spot. After about a minute the men jacking off over her tits fired off at the same time. The two come blasts covered her tits nicely as she pleaded with the last guy to come for her. He quickly shot off over her belly with bits of come dripping right onto her leaking pussy. 

"Well, I wasn't expecting that, but fair is fair, looks like you both get back door access. Think both of you can get your hard cocks balls deep in my ass at the same time? I know I can take two so don't be shy, fill my ass with your come loads together." 

Stephanie grabbed the man on her left and had him lie down so she could straddle him, letting her tits swing over his face. She reached between her legs grabbing the hard dick aiming it for her asshole. Stephanie slowly lowered herself down until she had him fully inside her and began working her body up and down on the swelling cock. The other winner stepped up behind her and started pressing his member at her backside until he managed to slide himself inside Stephanie's stuffed come filled ass. The men began working themselves in and out of her. Sometimes alternating thrusts or slamming back and forth on her together. 

The third man enjoyed the show and fed Stephanie his tool. She sucked and slurped on the hardening cock as she felt herself begin to orgasm. Her entire body shuddered as the men worked her over. All three of them were bringing themselves back until only their heads remained inside then sliding back inside her sloppy holes.

Stephanie loved this feeling of just being a excellent set of come hungry holes to be used and fed come. The feeling of swelling cocks pumping in and out of her continued to drive her over the edge and make her orgasm again and again. Her orgasms only made her want more and she began bouncing herself between the cocks impaling her holes. She moaned loudly and constantly as she felt the dick in her mouth engorge and fill her mouth with a huge load of jism. Stephanie leaned forward and thrust the dick all the way down her throat as it continued to pulse and give her the tasty come she craved. 

The men doubling her ass watched Stephanie deep throat the man as he came and couldn't wait any longer to come themselves. The two men fucked Stephanie's ass deep and hard as she kept the cock buried in her mouth, sticking her tongue out and lapping at the balls. The man beneath her shot off first, filling Stephanie up nicely. Once his dick slipped out the man behind her grabbed her hips and began fucking her at full steam, bringing himself fully out as come squirted out of Stephanie's filled asshole. 

Stephanie took the dick out of her mouth and had the man lie down so she could continue to enjoy him. She kissed the head and ran her tongue all over the spent tool. Stephanie was thoroughly enjoying the cock slamming back and forth on her dripping ass. She felt herself come again and shuddered in bliss as she felt his sack slap her pussy while her ass was squirting come around his thrusting cock. 

"Ooo, yeah, fuck my slutty ass, baby. All the come for lube is making it easy to fuck this sweet ass? You gonna give me yours too? Hmm, oh yeah. I love the feeling of dicks fucking me hard and giving me their come. Come on baby, come inside me will you, please?"

Stephanie's begging drove the man pummeling her over the edge. He thrust as deep as he could go and groaned loudly, emptying his sack deep inside the lovely come slut. Come oozed out around his dick as her ass was quite full. He finally stepped back and let Stephanie give her full attention to the dick she was orally pleasuring while her well fucked ass drooled jizz. It didn't take long for it to be stiff and ready again and Stephanie knew exactly what to do with it. With two come loads freshly inside her she still craved more. 

She stood up, turned around, and slowly planted her come hungry asshole down onto the refreshed tool. Once she had him in all the way, Stephanie then spread her legs and played with her pussy while rocking herself on the man. Every thrust of the cock forced come out of her ass, which she would rub over her pussy.

"Anybody want to fuck my pussy? All this cock in my ass just isn't enough! Come on boys, step on up and fill me with your come! My greedy pussy craves come and loves a good pounding. You've already seen how slutty I am, come on, don't be shy. Somebody come fuck my pussy please?"

At her sultry words, she heard Mark snap his fingers and the room went dark. Two lights came on, spotlights above Stephanie and the other on Mark. Stephanie looked over and smiled at him.

By this point, Mark had been watching Stephanie for hours, strapped to a chair. Dozens of men had given her as much as they could and still she craved more. He was impressed at her tenacity and boldness with the many men, but now wanted to take it up another level. "Baby, if you just want cocks and come, I can give that to you. I'm going to fuck you after my show and I can't wait."

Mark snapped his fingers again and a horde of flying cocks surrounded Stephanie. Countless hard dicks rubbing her nipples, tits, tummy, cheeks, lips, hips, legs, pussy and ass. Stephanie gasped in surprise then sighed as she was smothered in dicks. One slid between her tits while another slipped past her lips as she slurped it down. Stephanie reached out and grabbed a dick to stroke with each hand as she spread her legs to invite the cocks in. 

A large prick smacked Stephanie's clit and made her yelp before sliding inside her hungry pussy. With cocks between her tits, filling her hands, and pounding her holes she tumbled into a huge orgasm. There were no men, only dozens and dozens of disembodied cocks and balls flitting about, rubbing on her or thrusting in her as she came. 

The cock in her pussy suddenly exploded with an enormous come blast, filling Stephanie to the brim as come spurted out around the dick still fucking her slowly. The cock in her ass quickly swelled and spewed forth a gallon of semen deep inside Stephanie, who squealed in pleasure feeling herself get used and filled. The two spent dicks slipped out of her and come flowed freely from her used pussy and asshole. It didn't take long for another pair of rods to slide deep inside her slutty holes. 

Stephanie continued to bask in her endless orgasms as she was descended upon by a swarm of dicks with come heavy balls needing a hole to fill. The cock between her tits started to fire off bursts of come that coated her cleavage and up to her chin. Stephanie lapped her tongue out and licked up what come she could as her chest was plastered with jizz. She felt the cocks she was stroking begin to swell and aimed them at her tits. As these two shot off, covering her sweet tits, the dick in her mouth froze and let forth a sizable come load. Stephanie gulped down the cock wanting every drop as bits of come slipped out of her mouth. 

Jizz was seeping out of every cock hungry hole on Stephanie's body as she was given a countless number of just hard, pulsing, throbbing cocks for her to enjoy. She brought the dicks in her hands up to her face and slurped on each of them as she continued to jack them off. The cocks working over her ass and pussy were alternating thrusts in her sloppy holes. The cocks rubbing against her thighs and butt cheeks started coming, just shooting off wads of splooge across her body. Some shots began splattering over Stephanie's fucked holes until her crotch was dripping, inside and out. The cocks filling her pussy and ass began driving in together as a continual supply of fresh lube was fired down upon her body. 

Stephanie was gripped by a strong orgasm and squeezed the bases of the cocks in her hands, hard. This triggered the two dicks to let loose heavy come shots aimed for her open mouth. Stephanie brought both cocks in close and took both loads in her mouth, letting the excess drool out over the pulsing rods. Once she felt they were empty she tossed them aside and reached for more. 

"Oh my god, yes! This is so amazing. Just cocks and come, all for me. I love it. Oh yeah, please keep fucking and filling my slutty holes with all this dick! I think I have them figured out though. This should be fun."

With her pussy and ass being pummeled with cock, Stephanie took the dicks in her hands and brought them up to her face. She stroked and licked them in turn before opening her mouth wide and giving the shafts a hard squeeze at the base. Almost instantly both cocks tensed up and shot out come, hitting her open mouth and face. Stephanie giggled and grabbed two fresh rods, aiming them at her tits before squeezing them hard. Just as before, both dicks seized up and shot off for her, this time covering her glazed tits. Stephanie stroked them slowly and squeezed again, resulting in an even larger burst of jism that thoroughly covered her entire chest. The come dripped down her tits and bits flew off her nipples as the cocks fucking her ass and pussy continued to pound her deeply. 

Stephanie lost herself playing with the cocks and watching them blast and endless stream of jizz for her. The rods drilling her gained intensity, driving her to another orgasm. Responding to her body's spasms, the cocks buried within her opened the floodgates and added a river of semen to her happy holes. Come flowed heavily out of Stephanie's stuffed holes as the cocks steadily swelled and gushed out still more come that could only flow out and down her come soaked body. 

The spent dicks slid out of Stephanie as she felt another slipping itself fully into her ass. The new dick worked itself in and out at a slow pace. After a minute, Stephanie felt another easily sliding inside her ass and begin working itself back and forth. Another few minutes pass and Stephanie quivered on the two dicks sunk inside her. In the middle of her orgasm she felt a new tool rubbing on the come dripping entrance of her slutty pussy. It easily worked it's way inside and going deep but staying there just flexing. 

The flexing cock in her wet pussy drove Stephanie to a thunderous orgasm causing her to scream in pleasure. As her orgasm subsided she grabbed several cocks, placed one between her tits, then one each between her arms and chest. This way she could hold her arms straight to smother the cock betwixt her tits and feel two more dicks between her body on each side. Once she was all set the three rods began thrusting against her come drenched body. 

While the cock in her pussy continued to flex, Stephanie felt a fourth dick poking around her crotch. The new shaft started pressing itself in at the base of the flexing dick in her snatch. Even with three tools buried within her, the fresh cock managed to work its way balls deep in Stephanie's pussy. Once all four dicks were buried to the hilt they slowly started to pull out one at a time in a cascade starting with the very bottom staff in her ass. When the fourth cock at the top of her pussy pulled back the first dick began to slide back in followed by the rest on turn. The four rigid poles slid in and out of her in an endless wave of pleasure. Stephanie shuddered as she felt herself be completely stuffed and was loving it.

For what felt like hours, Stephanie was worked over by the four cocks fucking her come filled holes as she had dick after dick sliding back and forth between her tits and in her armpits. Every now and again, one of the cocks at her chest would fire off, but Stephanie was too deep into the wonderful filling sensation she was enjoying to give them any extra attention. 

On her back, on her hands and knees, suspended in the air as if in zero gravity, the four cocks beneath her filled her completely and only intensified in rhythm and force while Stephanie was getting plastered by an endless supply of cocks. Some gathered around her head and took turns sinking deep into her throat as she croaked for more. 

"Fuck yes! Oh fuck yeah! Give it all to to me, I just love all this come being fucked deep inside me and shot all over my body. God I want to feel those dicks finally swell up and fill my slutty holes. Please, please, come deep inside me with those marvelous cocks. I need more come, please, give it to me."

The cocks surrounding Stephanie's face started dumping loads of come one after another which just splattered across her face. She tried to keep up and catch it in her mouth as load after load of semen burst out for her. The four cocks beneath her begin alternating thrusts with one cock in each hole driving in while the other pulled back. Come steadily streamed out of Stephanie's greedy holes as she continued to slurp and lap at the endless rotation of cocks brought before her face and chest. 

Suddenly, Stephanie felt a heavy gush of warm come deep in her pussy and ass, she sighed in pleasure feeling the unspent dicks continue to slide back and forth inside her as gobs of semen flowed out of her used holes. Once the spent cocks slid out of her, the remaining two went at her fiercely with come streaking across her face, down her neck, over her ample jugs, through her smooth cleavage, across her taut belly, over her hips and thighs, gathering at her crotch and steadily flowing out her pussy and ass. Before long the cock in Stephanie ass swelled and shot out a large blast of thick semen, this triggered the dick in her pussy to pound a few thrusts before emptying inside her. 

While the shafts beneath her slid out and away, the cocks at her tits and mouth fired off their last shots. Stephanie pulled as many to her mouth as she could and lovingly slurped the dicks, planting kisses on the heads and licking up every drop of come. As she worshiped the remaining cocks she could, the dick between her tits shot out a fountain of jizz that arced up and splashed against Stephanie's chin. This was followed by the two in her arms which also shot forth forceful loads that flew up in the air and splattered on her face and tits. 

"Oh fuck, that was amazing. God I love getting all that cock and come. I think I'm ready for you now, baby. Did you enjoy your show? You gonna come up here and fuck my slutty holes next?"

Mark stood up from the chair and walked over to his come splattered woman, stopping at the foot of the bed to enjoy the view. He snapped his fingers. Restraints sprung out and clasped on Stephanie's wrists drawing them up above her head while another set clapped on her ankles and drew her legs fully spread eagle. 

Stephanie gasped as she watched Mark's cock grow longer and longer, it fell to the bed and slithered up towards her. When the head reached the pool of come gathering at her used crotch, it pulled up as though prehensile and pressed the head against her leaking asshole and dragged itself up over her dripping pussy. Mark teased her rubbing his monster cock over her slutty holes and Stephanie squirmed in anticipation. Continuing to lengthen, the cock slid further and further up her body, stopping every few inches to rub around in come. 

Rather that sliding up through her cleavage, the dick slid to the right, then up, over, back down and around Stephanie's tits bringing them together for her. The cock then went around her boobs one more time before sliding up in between them. Jizz pooled up and ran down her cleavage as the tool extended up to Stephanie's face. She opened wide and slurped on the head, tasting all the come it had gathered on its journey to her hungry mouth. Stephanie slurped loudly at the head and moaned intently. Her constant attention caused Mark to grunt and fill her suckling mouth with his semen. 

Stephanie swallowed every drop, keeping the dick in her mouth and moaning still. As she worshipped the monster dick, she felt something rubbing on her spread pussy. Stephanie looked down and could see two new cocks extending from Mark and ready for her. Each one wrapped itself around her waist a few times before one went under her, popping its head in and out of her ass, while the other slid down from above and penetrated her pussy. While Stephanie's pussy was pounded steadily, the dick toying with her asshole kept at it, just teasing her. Suddenly, she felt her asshole and butt cheeks get doused with a warm load followed by the dick sinking all the way in and matching pace with the others. 

This fuck frenzy brought Stephanie to a peak of sexual lust and desire. She came constantly as her restrained body was wonderfully worked over by the prehensile cocks grasping her tits and waist while feeding stiff cock to her messy holes. After a while each cock would spurt come in her or on her before sliding back in and making her come again. 

Stephanie felt herself begin to float upwards while Mark came up onto the bed and laid on his back. Stephanie was suspended in the air and continually fucked, up her filled ass, in her sloppy pussy, between her drenched tits and in her hungry mouth. Hours passed as Stephanie was filled with the monster cocks that ensnared her and filled her with load after heavy load. Come dripped from her body as she was constantly given thick, rigid dick to fuck and suck. Occasionally, Mark would pull out of her ass or pussy and double up on one hole until both dicks came. Stephanie loved every minute of it begging for more cock and come. 

When he felt she was ready, with two stuffing her butt, Mark unwrapped his cock from her tits and pressed himself inside her ass. Stephanie wailed in orgasm as she felt three cocks plunging in and out of her stretched asshole. Eventually, each dick came and they were pulled back one at a time. Once Stephanie caught her breath, the three cocks began working themselves in her pussy. 

Her come drenched snatch was more than accommodating for all three of them as they worked her back to a froth. After another half hour, all three cocks went deep and shot off simultaneously. Stephanie yelped as the massive come load burst inside her, spilling out around the spasming dicks. Globs of semen streamed out her holes as she sighed.

"More cock! I need more cock, please. I can't get enough of it, please give me more. I love the feeling of your amazing dicks fucking me and filling my holes with your come. Please give me more cock!"

Stephanie got her wish when Mark snapped again and she found herself strapped down to a fuckbench on all fours with straps around her waist and calves. A river of semen flowed out of her holes, trailing down her thighs. Mark stepped up behind Stephanie's ready body and slid a cock between her pussy lips and placed another like a hot dog in her buns. He set out at a medium pace, enjoying the soaked folds of her sweet pussy. Another dick presented itself to Stephanie's face and she took it right in. 

Stephanie's come filled pussy drove Mark up an edge and he shot a load off on her butt cheeks and back. Stephanie purred and began to try to meet his thrusts. He then slipped a cock in her ass and began pumping into her with increasing intensity. Three flying cocks appeared at Stephanie's head and she slurped and stroked each in turn. Feeling an orgasm approach, she deep throated the middle dick and squeezed the two at her side. Both exploded with copious loads of come that spattered across her mouth, face, neck, and jiggling breasts. 
