 Carol, my girlfriend of 2 years, came home one night after spending happy hour with her best friend Jessica and said she had a question for me. Jessica is a petite Filipino/Hawaiian about 4'11 and 95 pounds with thick black hair, that hangs just below her tiny ass; which she normally wears in a pony tail. She has these big beautiful brown eyes and her looks are common for an Asian woman. 

Carol is 5'10 and 150 pounds and is what I lovingly call healthy. She has brown hair which she usually keeps at shoulder length and blue eyes. The best asset of Carol is her perky 34C that show no signs of sagging. She proceeded to tell me about a conversation she and Jessica had that night. Jessica told my girlfriend that she has not received any oral satisfaction, in a long time. (You know how women get to the point and no subject is off limits.) 

Even though it hasn't been that long since her boyfriend CJ's visit to Hawaii, all they did for two weeks was fuck. She explained that he just doesn't get enthused about eating pussy and that most of the time he doesn't even bother trying. She says that CJ's technique of 'dining at the Y' is like a kitten with a bowl of milk at feeding time. Jessica said that "she keeps hoping that just once, he would eat her pussy till she had an orgasm." She said, she fantasizes about oral sex all the time, especially after hearing Carol's tales of the way I make her climb the walls when I eat her pussy. "This," my girlfriend said, "is where I had this great idea."

Carol:

"Well..." she said, smiling sheepishly, "I was wondering if you wouldn't mind giving Jessica a little lesson? You know how I hate to see Jessica suffering ... and not getting and orgasm through oral sex is truly suffering. I gave her all kinds of advice and tried to explain to her what she could do to interest CJ, but it just hasn't helped. But I can't explain, very well, your techniques." 

Paul:

"Let me get this straight", I said. You want to know if I would give Jessica a little "hands" on training or should I say mouth on training? What ever possessed you? I asked with more than a little surprise in my voice. What did you tell Jessica?" 

Carol:

"Well, first I asked her if she would like a demonstration and when she inquired how, I told her that you probably wouldn't mind showing her."  

Paul:

"Maybe she thinks we will make a video for her? I'll just give you a good tongue lashing and we will record the whole thing on video for her to watch?" 

Carol: 

Carol starts. "Umm, no... I don't think that is what she thinks, because I kind of specified that you wouldn't mind doing the deed yourself to Jessica." 

Paul:

"What has gotten into you Carol?" Now I'm kind of incredulous but also intrigued about the idea. I can't let on that I would love to taste Jessica's pussy. "You have told me umpteen times that you don't share me with anybody. What's this?"

Carol:

"Well ... this isn't really sharing, because she doesn't get to fuck you, I made that clear. You would just be giving her some hands on instruction so that she would know what CJ isn't doing and would be able to give him some instructions. Look at it this way; you would be helping improve Jessica's sex life. Besides, I know you would like to. I see the way you look at Jessica." Carol spat out, without inviting discussion. "You like Jessica and I know you love to eat pussy." 

Paul:

"So when and where would this happen if I was to agree? You haven't already scheduled anything, have you?" 

Carol:

"No, no, I told Jessica that after I talked to you, I would give her a call and work something out. So, would you mind?" Carol actually looked hopeful when she asked this.

Paul:

How do I answer so that, one, I seem sincere and two, I don't seem eager? I thought to myself. "Yes, I will do it and no, I don't mind. I do like Jessica and the thought of getting the chance to lick her pussy is exciting." I reach down to adjust my hardening cock in my pants, with a smile to let Carol know how excited I was getting. "There are just a couple of things that we must agree on first." I say rather firmly. 

Carol: 

"Good, I'm glad and I agree that we must talk this out and we must be in complete agreement with each other before we do this. My only condition is that you don't fuck her; your penis is not to enter her." Carol says very sternly with her hands on her hips." Your tongue, fingers and all that goes with eating her pussy and giving Jessica a good orgasm is perfectly acceptable," she says with a smile.

Paul:

"That works for me. The only condition I got is that you be there. I want to make sure there is no doubt in your mind what happens. I also want my lovely girlfriend there so you can take care of my raging hard on when I am done. As much as Jessica probably wouldn't mind giving me a blowjob after I give her an incredible orgasm, I'd rather cum in your pussy."

Carol is giddy when she calls Jessica to make arrangements for the following Saturday night at a hotel downtown. Jessica says she will make the arrangements and tell Carol the details later in the week. After Carol hung up the phone, she comes over to me and gave me a big hug and a kiss and thanked me for being such a nice guy. As we kissed she reaches down between my legs and grabs a hold of my cock, which is easy enough to do since I am in a pair of pajama bottoms and no underwear. She plays with my cock as she plants a passionate kiss on my lips. Carol tells me to sit down and relax and think about how I am going to give Jessica her muff diving lesson. As I watch my cock disappear between her lips, I tell myself how lucky I am to have such a loving and sexy girlfriend. She looks up from my lap with her mouth still wrapped around my cock and sees me smile at her. 

She lets my cock slide from between her lips to say "close your eyes and imagine Jessica's petite body, with her long black hair and dark skin lying naked in front of you." She strokes my cock and tells me to picture Jessica spreading her thin, muscled legs for me. She says, "Imagine being right there between her legs with your face just inches from her closely trimmed bush." I close my eyes and try to picture the image she has just described to me. Before she takes my cock back into her mouth she mentions that she knows all this about Jessica because she have seen her naked in the gym and that she does keep her bush trimmed real close. 

I put my hand on her face and caress her cheek while placing my other hand in her hair as she takes my cock back between her lips. Her head bobs up and down in my lap while the hand that is wrapped around my shaft matches her head movements. My eyes are closed as she instructed and I imagine myself between Jessica's lovely thighs, tasting the juices that flow from her pussy. (Now that's a thought: Me lying on my back on the bed and Jessica sitting on my face and Carol sucking on my cock.) Carol continues the wonderful blowjob in a slow and loving fashion. 

After several minutes of the expert oral stimulation that I am receiving, I start to feel my balls tighten as I get close to cumming. I inform Carol that I am close and if she doesn't stop, she will get a mouthful. But instead of pulling my cock from her mouth and finishing me with her hands, her head begins to move faster on my cock. She pauses for only a moment to say, "I want to feel your balls explode in my mouth, this time." Not wasting another second, she totally engulfed my cock with a vigor rarely seen anymore. I didn't last a second when I felt the back of her throat; I started cumming with an intensity that I hadn't felt for awhile. Carol swallowed every drop of cum that she could coax from my cock. 

The following Saturday we met Jessica at a restaurant for an early dinner. The tension was obvious and we all had a drink to relax a little bit and before long we are our normal selves, enjoying each other's company. After dinner we go to this nice hotel which sits overlooking Waikiki beach. It is a nice room with a loveseat and a table plus a big king size bed and in the bathroom there is a Jacuzzi big enough for four. Carol went and started filling the Jacuzzi and Jessica opened a bottle of wine. Once the Jacuzzi was full we all undressed ourselves and got in. We sat in the Jacuzzi; sipping wine and talking, before long the conversation turned to sex. 

We shared stories about different places we have had sex and talked about what kind of things turn us on or turn us off. By this time the talk got more intimate and steamier; Carol had already reached her hand over and was gently stroking my cock under the bubbles of the Jacuzzi. Carol motioned for Jessica to come closer and sit on the other side of me. Now I had two sexy women on either side of me (naked no less) a dream come true. I then leaned toward Jessica and give her a peck on the cheek and she looks to my girlfriend making sure everything is all right. 

Carol tells her to relax and enjoy herself. I lean over and kiss my girlfriend and tell her I love her very much. With that insurance from Carol, Jessica returns the next kiss that I give her. Our lips touch lightly at first. I kiss Jessica's upper lip and then her lower before locking onto Jessica's sweet lips with a French kiss. I can feel Carol's hands as she caresses my chest and kisses the back of my neck. When Jessica and I break our kiss, I turned towards Carol and give her a big kiss, opening my mouth to her as I reached for a breast to massage. The kissing and touching in the Jacuzzi continues until we finished the bottle of wine. By now we are all relaxed and quite excited.

I lift Jessica up and out of the water so that she is sitting on the side of the Jacuzzi. I stand back for a moment to drink in Jessica's body, her small tits which are barely a handful and the trimmed bush that Carol had told me about. I bend over and kiss Jessica on the lips again before moving down and kissed and licked her neck before reaching her titties. Her breasts and nipples are smaller than Carol's and I can fit her entire breast in my mouth. I kiss and suck on her breasts and nipples as I move a hand to between her legs. Licking around Jessica's nipples causes her to push her chest forward while she grabs my head and pulls me tight to her breasts. I took her entire left breast into my mouth and sucked on it before taking her hardened nipple between my teeth and gently bite down until I hear Jessica gasp. I repeated with the right breast and nipple and could feel the heat emanating from Jessica's pussy on my hand. I pressed the palm of my hand against her pelvis bone as I continued kissing down her body. 

The whole time that I am kissing Jessica's body, Carol was busy kissing me. She kissed my neck and my back and she even kissed my ass cheeks as I bent over to reach lower on Jessica's belly. I removed my hand and kissed the patch of hair covering Jessica's private parts, making sure I didn't touch her clit. I kissed my way back up her body until I reached her lips, pausing again at those sensitive titties. I suggested we dry each other off and move to the bedroom, after a long passionate kiss between Jessica and myself. 

We took our time drying each other off. While I dried my girlfriend off, we hugged real tight and exchanged passionate kisses. Carol dropped to her knees to dry my legs and feet and she took advantage of the position she was in and took my rigid cock into her mouth. She licked and sucked my cock until it was glistening with her saliva. She then stood and helped me dry Jessica off, with Carol drying her back and me drying her front. Once we had Jessica all dry she said "group hug" and we hugged with Jessica sandwiched between us. Our naked bodies pressed snugly together in a moment of shared intimacy. 

When we got over to the bed, I laid Jessica down on the bed and Carol moved a chair close to the corner of the bed and sat down. I started kissing Jessica's toes and feet, I slowly worked my way up one leg then down, over to the other leg, which I kissed and licked up one side and down the other. I worked my way back up her thigh but avoided the family jewels. As my lips passed close to her pussy, I blew lightly on her labia and clit and then moved to her stomach. 

Jessica placed her hands on the back of my head as I worked my kisses up her body. I kissed and licked up her belly, to each breast, her neck and finally back to her lips. She returned the kiss with a passion, her tongue darting into my mouth. Then I rolled her over on her stomach and kissed and licked down her back pausing at the tender spots at the back of the neck and lower back. I kissed each of her soft ass cheeks and spread them a little to catch a glimpse of her rosebud. I gently bit each of her buns and playfully slapped her ass before moving down her legs to her feet. I rolled her over onto her back and kissed her belly button. I placed my hand between her legs and pressed the palm of my hand against her pelvis. 

I looked over to Carol and saw that she had one hand on her breast and the other between her legs. She was slowly circling her clit as if she was in no hurry and she just wanted to enjoy the sensations of having her clitoris rubbed and watching her best friend being serviced by her husband. Our eyes met and she flashed me a smile and pouted her lips to blow me a kiss. I returned the smile and whispered, thank you to my girlfriend.

I turn my attention back to Jessica; I could tell that she was all worked up by the way her body was wriggling on the bed. I looked into Jessica's eyes and slowly admire the sexy woman in front of me as I move my eyes down her body. Jessica's nipples are hard and pointing straight up from her tiny breasts and her labia are a lot more swollen now than they were back in the Jacuzzi. I lower my face between her legs and lightly kissed her thighs and all around her pussy to include her labia. I sucked one of her lips between mine and pulled gently before letting go and sucking the other one between my lips. 

I kissed her clit so that my lips are gently press against it. I use my hands to spread her pussy apart as I lick between them and got my first taste of the nectar that flowed from her pussy. I ran my tongue the entire length of her pussy from the bottom to top until I reached her clit. I don't touch her clit yet and as I pull my face away from her pussy, I can hear her take a deep breath. I paused for a moment and just inhaled the wonderful aroma that was Jessica's essence. I then placed my finger at the entrance to her pussy that had opened up and I could see she was so wet that she was literally dripping. I ran my fingers along the outer edges of her pussy and then along the inside of her labia without penetrating her, before returning my mouth to her pussy. 

Then I reached down again and spread Jessica's pussy wide open with one hand and placed my mouth over her pussy. I pressed my tongue flat against her clit before I sucked it into my mouth and then I let it go and blew gently so that she gets a cool sensation blowing across her heated clit. I continued this technique until Jessica's hips started rocking and then I slipped a finger inside her pussy. First one then two fingers, she was so wet that I easily slid them in up to my knuckles. Once I had them inside her I started massaging her G-spot. Kissing her pussy all over with little butterfly kisses while I continued to massage her G-spot, Jessica's body tensed up. 

She was close to coming so I placed my lips around her clit and sucked it into my mouth. Flicking my tongue across her clit and massaging the inside of her pussy with my fingers sent her over the edge. Her hips lifted off the bed as I tried to maintain contact between my mouth and her pussy. She let out a cry of ecstasy as she grabbed my head and pulled me against her pussy. Her body was wracked with spasm after spasm as she came in a flood into my mouth. I could feel the liquid from her pussy just streaming into my mouth as I continued licking and sucking her clit. As she released her grip on my head, I stopped licking her clit but I kept it sucked into my mouth and I stroked the inside of her pussy with my fingers. It's not long after, that Jessica is lying listless on the bed, softly moaning incoherently. I moved my body up along side of Jessica and placed a tender kiss on her lips, letting her taste her own juices on my lips. She returned my kiss and said "wow" in a soft, satisfied voice.

I sat back and let my fingers slip out from Jessica's pussy and turned to Carol sitting in the chair beside me. With a big smile on her face, she told me to switch places with her and as I sat down, she knelt between my legs. I offered my fingers to her lips and much to my surprise she parted her lips and sucked my fingers into her mouth. I bent over and kissed her lips before sitting back to let Carol suck my cock. She didn't waste any time before she engulfed my cock. She sucked on my cock with great enthusiasm as I laid back and watched. 

After a minute or two of sucking and stroking my cock she stood up and straddled me on the chair. Grabbing my cock, she impaled herself onto it in a single stroke. My God was she wet and her pussy was on fire. She placed her hands on my shoulders for support and she started fucking my cock, like a woman possessed. I reached around to her ass as she bounced up and down on my stiff cock. Every once in awhile she would completely engulf my cock so that she had every inch of it buried deep within her pussy and rocked back and forth to put some pressure on her clit. She would also reach down with her fingers and massage her clit before alternating between fucking my cock with full strokes and then back to the full pussy position, still pressing on her clit. As she rocked back and forth with my cock buried inside her as far as it could possibly go, she started coming. Her body was jerking in my lap as she threw her head back and let out a long moan of pleasure.

As her orgasm subsided, I put my hands around her to hold her tight and I stood while she was still attached to my cock. I told Jessica to slide over a little and laid Carol on the bed, next to Jessica. Without hesitation I started stroking my cock inside my girlfriend's extremely wet pussy. I lifted her legs over my head and put them on my shoulders so that she could relax and allow me to deeply fuck her. 

I was slamming my cock into her pussy, almost hitting bottom with each stroke. Carol kept her hands busy, massaging her breasts as I just kept stroking and fucking her pussy. I was getting close so I moved my girlfriend onto her side, facing Jessica. Getting on my knees behind Carol, I grabbed her hips in my hands and fucked her pussy hard until I was ready to cum. 

As I was stuffing my girlfriend's pussy with my hard cock, I would look over at Jessica's naked body. She was laying there, playing with her pussy and watching my cock piston in and out of Carol's pussy and she would lick her lips and smile at me. Just as I was about to cum, I pulled my cock out of Carol's pussy and moved so that I was pointing my cock at her chest. I stroked my cock a time or two and my girlfriend cupped my balls, before I shot cum all over her tits, the first shot hitting her on the chin and lips as she looked on, each squirt after landed on her tits. After shooting my load on Carol's tits, I moved back between her legs and filled my girlfriend's pussy once again with my still hard cock. 

I began leisurely stroking her pussy with my hard cock, as I am still excited. As I was fucking her pussy, I leaned over to lick the cum from her chin and kissed the cum from her lips. When I pulled back from kissing her Jessica leaned over and licked my cum from Carol's breasts. Seeing this sent me over the edge and I started coming for a second time. The second orgasm is incredible as I empty whatever cum is left in my balls, into my girlfriend's hot pussy. My whole body is shaking and I collapse on top of Carol. As I lay exhausted and spent on top of Carol, Jessica snuggled up alongside the two of us and gave me a kiss and then kissed Carol on the forehead. With smiles all around, we snuggled up to one another. Carol was lying on her side with me behind her and my hand cupping her breast, while Jessica was lying behind me with her breasts pushed up against my back and her arm draped over the both of us. 
