 Feeling a little bored one night I decided to go out. I could have called my usual gang of friends and seen what kind of trouble we could have gotten into but, instead I decided to go solo. There was a new high scale type of lounge that had just opened. I figured it would be a good place to relax, have a few drinks, and see where the night took me. 

I entered the establishment wearing my nice and tight black dress. I knew I could turn heads in it since it showed my curves off. It was not long before I noticed that I had several sets of eyes on me. Trying to be as nonchalant as possible, I took my seat at the bar. I ordered my drink and sat there waiting to see what or who would come my way next. A few guys passed by checking me out as they moved along. A couple of other women had entered the lounge after me. I noticed a young blonde that had entered and had become very popular. 

After a couple drinks and some not quite stimulating conversation, I was about to call it quits. Suddenly the bartender came up to me and handed me another drink. I was confused since I had not ordered another. I let him know I did not need another and was interested in cashing out. He informed that it was from someone at one of the tables and they had also paid my bar tab. Intrigued, I took the drink and walked towards the table the bartender had indicated. There sat a man and woman having a couple of drinks themselves.

I introduced myself and thanked them for the drink and paying my bill. They introduced themselves in return as Trevor and Maggie and offered me a seat at their table. I graciously accepted the offer and took a seat right across from them. Though we were sitting, I could tell Trevor was tall. He had short, salt and pepper colored hair. His eyes were a piercing blue and his face was clean shaven. Maggie had long black hair. Her hazel eyes popped from the spectacular job of her eye shadow and liner. They were both dressed extremely nice, he in an expensive looking suit and tie and her in a very tight, dark blue dress that looked like she had been poured into. 

We sat and talked for a while, all of us sipping on our drink feeling the buzz take over. The way the duo stared at me I was pretty sure I knew what was on their mind. I started to get excited and was looking forward to this little adventure. An hour or so past and we had decided to leave. I lived close so I told them I was just going to get a cab and head home. 

"Oh, that sounds like no fun." Maggie said as we exited the lounge. "Why don't you come home with us?"

I was a little stunned but knew this was exactly what they had intended the whole time. I was planning on playing a little coy but, the alcohol had wiped that plan out and I agreed enthusiastically. Trevor had hailed a taxi for us and we all climbed in. I sat between Maggie and Trevor. The entire short trip to their home, the pair had rubbed my legs and arms trying to get me warmed up for what was to come without getting the attention of the driver. We pulled up to the house and got out. Maggie and I started to walk up the sidewalk while Trevor paid the cab fare. Using her key, Maggie unlocked the door and we went inside. 

Shortly after being inside, Maggie grabbed me and planted a huge kiss on my lips. They were super soft, unlike any woman's lips I had kissed before. We pulled close together, wrapping our arms around each other. Still in cuddled together, Maggie guided me towards their bedroom. 

Along the way, we discarded unneeded articles of clothing. By the time we entered the room, we were both out of our dresses and topless wearing nothing more than our panties and each other's lipstick. We moved close to the bed, standing at the foot as we continued our make out session. Our hands roamed free, exploring the others body. I was so turned on I felt like a flood could erupt from me at any moment. I heard the sound of the front door opening and closing as the sounds of footsteps echoed getting closer and closer.

Trevor entered the room having already shed his jacket and tie. His shit was unbuttoned and he began to remove it and his undershirt as soon as he entered. He walked up to us now only with his pants on. Maggie broke our kiss as Trevor placed his hands on our exposed backs. We turned out attention to him as he pulled us closer to him. We took turns kissing him. His kisses were much more powerful and dominant that Maggie's. 

We stepped back a little and Trevor put his hands on our breasts. He alternated between me and Maggie. We both had reached down to his groin and rubbed his hardening penis from inside his pants. Maggie pulled in close to me and whispered in my ear.

"Feel how hard he is getting?" she asked coyly. "Why don't you get down there and let him free!"

I was so turned on by her bold statement. I lowered myself down to my knees in front of Trevor. I reached for his belt and unfastened the buckle, quickly pulling it apart. I fumbled for a minute with the clasp of his pants before unsnapping it and pulling the zipper down. His cock sprung free. It was big but, not monstrous. I let go of his pants, letting them fall to the floor and wrapped my hands around his phallus. It was still getting hard in my hands as I gently stroked it. I heard the sounds of Maggie and Trevor kissing but, my gaze was laser focused on Trevor's crotch. Lust flooded my mind and instinct took control.

I opened my mouth and wrapped my lips around his dick. I slowly moved up and down his shaft, lightly sucking and swirling my tongue around the head of his cock. I slurped hungrily on him building up speed and taking just a little more of him into my mouth each time. I could hear Maggie kissing her husband as I swallowed his cock. Her hand ran through my hair making that much more excited. In and out, his cock moved from my mouth as my head swam with the ocean of lust inside it.

Maggie lowered herself to her knees besides me and kissed my cheek. I pulled Trevor's penis from my mouth to take a break. His sigh of disappointment lasted only a second when Maggie continued where I had left off. I watched as she matched my speed and rhythm. Her beautiful full lips moved up and down his shaft for what seemed like eternity. Suddenly she backed off of him and stroked him with her hand. I was mesmerized by her movement. She turned to me and gave me a wink before returning him to her mouth. 

I watched as removed her hand and began taking more and more of him into her mouth. I was so turned on. Maggie paused just a moment to look up at Trevor who was in a state of ecstasy I have never seen before. After nearly a minute she pushed her face forward taking all of Trevor into her mouth and throat. Her nose touch his pubic flesh. Trevor groaned from pleasure before Maggie pulled off of him. 

She returned to her feet and took my hand. She climbed up on the high bed pulling me with her. We stumbled as we tried to get on the bed, falling into a position with her on her back and me between her legs. Not wasting the opportunity, I spread her legs, removed her panties, and I pulled my face closer in. Her scent was intoxicating. My body moved on autopilot. I reached out with my tongue and licked her soaking wet sex from the bottom to the top. Her juices flowed on to my tongue and down my throat. She tasted even better than she smelled. I greedily lapped at her trying to get every drop of her I could into my mouth. Her moans began to fill the room. I quickly flicked my tongue over her clit. She jumped each time I made contact with it. I could tell the little shocks of pleasure were getting to her.

I suddenly felt a pair of hand on my waist. Trevor had come behind me and pulled my panties down. I shifted so that I was on my knees with my butt sticking towards him. I felt a flood coming from me. I could feel my own juices running down the inside of my thighs. I was beyond turned on. I focused back on Maggie. I pushed my tongue insider her waiting vagina as deep as I could. I flicked it up and down trying to get as much of her essence into my mouth as possible. Trevor had positioned himself behind me and I felt his own tongue on my needing sex. He attacked my clit with his tongue sending shockwaves through me. 

I had always had the fortune of being a girl who could climax pretty quick. Trevor's mouth on my pussy was bringing me to my first for the night. Maggie squirmed from my touch as I squirmed from Trevor's. I nearly peaked when he released me from his grip. This broke my concentration on Maggie. I looked up at the beautiful woman. She had her gaze fixed on her husband as he stood behind me. I watched as she simply nodded to him. 

I felt his hand on my waist then a familiar poking sensation on my folds. Inch by inch he entered me. I thought he was big from sucking him earlier but he felt so much bigger inside me. I moaned the entire time he pushed his organ inside. He paused when he was fully enveloped inside my body. I panted from the sensation of fullness I now felt. 

With both hands on my hips, he began to move in and out. Slowly he pulled himself to the point of nearly being out of me before he pushed back inside. I was in heaven. I could do nothing but moan and sigh. Maggie shifted herself our faces were close together. Seductively she whispered, "Does it feel good?"

I could only nod. A wicked grin came across her face as she shifted her gaze back to her husband. Trevor suddenly slammed himself into me. His pace began to become quicker and more forceful. Like an animal unchained, he fucked me. My first orgasm hit hard. I thrashed on the bed screaming in joy. My sounds only excited him more. Harder and harder he thrusted. A second orgasm hit me and then a third. My body gave out and I collapsed. Trevor's hard cock popped out of me before I fell flat on the bed. 

Trevor climbed on the bed between Maggie and I. His cock was still hard as a steel rod. Maggie took the opportunity to position herself over him. Again she looked at me with a wink. She dropped her body strait down on his shaft. He filled her sex instantly and she screamed with delight. She placed her hands on his chest and began to move her butt up and down at a pace that was almost as quick as he had done to me. I could only watch in amazement. His hands grabbed her hips and he began to thrust upwards trying to match her pace. 

The duo fucked with a tender yet violent frenzy. My hand had made its way to between my legs as I watched them. Her screams and his moans filled my head. The added sound of their bodies smacking together along with my own moans filled the room. Maggie motioned to me. I moved close and our lips met. WE ferociously kissed each other. Her hand quickly pushed mine away from my wet pussy and began to insert a finger into me. I bucked against her as another orgasm built. 

It was just as intense as the previous ones. I thrashed and screamed as I came, drenching her hand in my cum. This pushed her over the edge. She screamed out in bliss as her hips wildly bucked against her husband who was still pounding away at her. Her body shook from pleasure as screamed out obscenities. Trevor's sounds got louder too as his climax approached. 

Maggie quickly dismounted him and pulled me down so we were both at his cock. We hungrily licked and sucked knowing he was about to cum in a big way. His cock suddenly erupted and the first blast landed on my face. I stuck my tongue out to get what I could the next one landed on Maggie, running from the bridge of her nose to her chin. Again and again he sprayed us. When he finally finished we took turns giving him a gentle last suck. We were each rewarded with a small amount of his cum in our mouths.

Maggie and I kissed again and licked Trevor's semen off of each other. Once we were both clean, we cuddled up next to him. He gave both of us a long hard kiss before pulling the blankets on the bed over us. There we all fell asleep, worn out from the wild sex that had just taken place. When the morning came, I got dressed. As I left, Maggie kissed me on the cheek. "We will have to do that again soon."