 For the past few months, my wife's friend has continued to be part of our sex lives, sometimes spending the night with us after a wild night of incredible sex. Sometimes it's just a sir of the moment thing and other times we plan a night ahead of time. 

Last week, my wife suggested something new to try and I was fair game. 

"Why don't you take CJ out to dinner on Friday to an ice romantic restaurant like we do," my wife said. "She could get dressed up really sexy and you could enjoy showing her off around town."

I was already hard at the thought of seeing CJ is some short tight dress and high heels, looking sexy as hell and me trying to hide a raging hard on in my pants. 

"OK let's do it then we'll come home and fuck all night long," I said excitedly. 

My wife set it up with CJ and I couldn't wait for Friday night to come. All week I thought of how sexy CJ would look, with her thin body in a tight dress showing off her tight tits and great ass. The anticipation was killing me!

Friday finally came around and i rushed home from work to get ready for my date with my wife's best friend. I put on some dress pants that fit a little loosely so my dick would have some room to grow because I knew I'd have a hardon all through dinner. 

CJ showed up at our house at 6pm. I came down the stairs to find her and my wife talking in the kitchen. I could not believe how sexy she looked! CJ was wearing a tight red dress that was so tight I could clearly see her hard nipples showing through the sheer material. Even her nipple rings were visible. And the dress was so short the curve of her ass cheeks was just barely visible as she stood there talking with my wife. 

As we walked out the door for the dinner, my wife gave me a big kiss and whispered in my ear. "Have a good time with your hot date but come home for dessert later," she said with a sexy smile. 

I took CJ to a fancy Italian restaurant in town that's old school, with red leather booths and waiters in tuxedos. I asked for a table in the back for more privacy. The hostess walked us around the corner to a booth that was a half circle with a large table. The white table cloth dropped all the way to the floor. 

We sat close together at the middle of the booth, with CJ snuggled up close to me. I dropped my hand to her leg and worked my way up to find her wet pussy as she wasn't wearing any panties at all. Instant hardon!

As we looked over the menu, I played with CJs wet pussy and started exploring her with one finger, then two. She sighed softly as I continued working my fingers in and out of her. She was so hot and wet and ready for more. 

The waiter stopped by to take our drink orders then disappeared. When he was gone, CJ turned to me and gave me a sexy kiss, then slid herself under the table. The linen covered her completely so no one could see her under the table. 

CJ slowly undid my pants and pulled out my now raging hard cock, and started kissing and licking the shaft. Then I felt her warm mouth take my dick in and I closed my eyes to enjoy the moment. CJ took my entire cock in her mouth and deep throated my like a pro. I was I heaven. 

Just then the waiter returned with our wine.. He asked if I wanted to wait for my date to return from the bathroom before ordering. If only he knew she was giving me a great blowjob right in front of him but he couldn't see it. "Sure just give us a few minutes," I managed to say as I was trying to hold back the cum in the balls. 

CJ continued to blow me and I felt the cum start flowing. I reached down and pushed her head onto my cock all the way down until her nose was in my pubic hair. I exploded in her mouth and she swallowed the whole load. When I stopped squirting, she licked my dick clean then smoothly emerged from under the table, licking her lips. I didn't even zip my pants back up. 

The waiter returned to take our orders. He didn't even notice the disappearing act CJ had just performed. She smiled politely at him as he explained the night's specials. We ordered our dinners and he went away again. 

I wanted to return the favor so I slid under the table for some fun. The table was big enough for me to knell down comfortably. I slowly kissed Cj's beautiful long legs as I worked my way toward her pussy. I could smell her juices as I got close to her pussy, and could feel the heat coming out from between her legs. 

I worked her dress up to her ass and she spread her legs open for me. I kissed her cleanly shaved pussy and started to lick her clit. She tasted so good and I started working my tongue up and down her pussy. She started getting more wet then started shaking. She was starting to cum and I licked her clit more until she bucked her hips. I felt the flow of her cum running onto my tongue. She reached under the table and pulled my hair, pushing my tongue deeper into her. As she came down from her climax she relaxed her hold and ran her fingers through my hair. 

I slowly emerged from under the table as a busboy was walking up to bring us some warm bread. He looked confused so I said I had dropped my napkin and was picking it up. 

As we sat waiting for our dinners, CJ played with my cock through my open pants. No one could see she was giving me a gentle handjob as I sat there waiting for my pasta to arrive. Dinner finally came and I was about to as well. CJ knew I was about to cum so she leaned down and finished me off in her mouth. I came down her throat and she swallow the whole load. She sat back up and started eating her dinner. 

We were about done with dinner when the waiter returned and offered us a dessert menu. I waved him off, knowing dessert was waiting for us at home. We finished up, I paid the bill, and we started walking out of the restaurant. 

As we got near the bar area of the restaurant, I noticed a beautiful woman in a low cut dress sitting at the end of the bar. She was so familiar she caught my eye. It was my wife, all dressed up and having a glass of wine. 

CJ spotted her too, so we walked up to the bar but didn't acknowledge my wife. We took up stools, order glasses of wine, and sat at the bar making small talk. My wife was sitting next to CJ but with he back turned to us. As we talked, CJ pretended to bump my wife to get her attention. 

They acted as they had just met, and CJ introduced her to me. I could see some of the guys in the bar were checking my wife out and they noticed when she started up a conversation with us. 

I moved over to sit next to my wife to carry on a conversation. As she turned toward me, her dress hiked up and I could tell she wasn't wearing any panties. She turned in her stool and opened her legs a little wider. She smiled and she then I saw her look a little to the right and smiled even wider. I turned back to see what she saw. I realized one of the guys sitting alone at a table got a clear view up my wife's dress and I'm sure he could see her pussy clearly. 

I returned to the conversation with my wife and softly placed my hand on leg. CJ sat on the other side of her and we all continued talking. I started caressing her wife's leg and flirting with her. She put one arm around my neck and the other around CJ as we talked. 

The guy at the table realized we were all getting along well, thinking CJ and I were picking up on my wife. He came over and introduced himself. He asked if he could buy my wife a drink. She looked at him with a sexy grin, and said "no thanks, I'm going home with these two for some incredible sex." The guys mouth dropped open as we left some cash on the bar for the drinks and walked off holding hands. 

Outside the restaurant, my wife explained that she was getting impatient waiting for us so she took a cab to the restaurant. She know i would see her at the bar and hoped I would play along. She knows me too well. 

As we jumped in my car, my wife took the passenger seat and CJ got in the back. We drove off for the short 10 minute drive him. We're weren't even down the street before my wife reached over, undid my pants, and started blowing me. I love the way she sucks me off and, even after having already blown two loads, I was hard again. 

My wife sucked mg cock so well I was ready to come again. Just as I was thinking itI couldn't get a better, I looked over and realized CJ has started playing with my wife's pussy from around the seat. My wife started moaning while sucking my dick and the vibrations took me over the top. I came in her mouth and she started cumming at the same time from CJ's fingering. The drive home seemed shorter than ever. 

As we all ran in the house, my wife took us both by the hands and led us to the bedroom. As soon as we entered the room, both girls stripped off their dresses and jumped on the bed. 

My wife laid down on the bed face up with head at the edge. CJ mounted her in a 69 position and they started licking each other. I undressed quickly and walked over to the bed. 

I put my cock near my wife and they opened up and started giving me a blowjob. CJ was still licking her pussy and I started fingering CJs pussy. After just a minute, I pulled my cock out of my wife's mouth and put in yo against Cj's ass. 

CJ pushed back against me and I knew she wanted to get fucked. I entered her right asshole and gently started driving deeper with each stroke. 

My wife went back to licking Cj's pussy right under my dick, occasionally sucking my balls as I assfucked CJ. The double sensation was driving me wild. I knew I was about to cum and my wife sensed it too. 

She pushed my back just as I was about to cum, pulling me out of Cj's ass, and she took my cock in her mouth. I pushed my cock deep into her mouth and came again, I'm sure having just managed a few drops for my 4 cum of the night. 

As I came, CJ started shaking as she came, and my wife started to cum from the pussy licking she was getting. We all collapsed in exhaustion. 

We slept together that night with me between the two sexiest women I know. In the morning we had breakfast together and thought about what our next date would be like. 

I can't wait.