 After her experience with Michael and Jacqueline and their friends, Kathryn felt that she had finally found her sexual home. This was the place she would return to over and over again. This was the place where she would find satisfaction and fulfillment.

But as she walked to the front door to leave and told the couple how she couldn't wait to return, they just stared at her.

"I'm sorry we didn't make this clear," Michael said, "but this is a one-time shot. Part of what makes this exciting for us is to always have a fresh, new playmate."

Kathryn stood mute, looking back and forth from Michael's face to Jacqueline's, hoping that one of them would tell her they had only been teasing. But they said nothing. The panic she had felt when they left her tied to the bed was nothing compared with what she felt now. Her life, which she had just found after an eternity of searching, was being torn away from her.

"But what about Charlene and Roxanne?" she cried. "They've been here more than once."

"They are part of our group," Jacqueline answered. "Sometimes they supply a woman to entertain us."

"Then let me be part of your group! I'll do anything -- you know that."

"I'm sorry," Jacqueline said, "but that just isn't ..."

Before she could finish her thought, though, Michael stopped her. "Wait," he said. "Maybe we could make this interesting."

As both women stared expectantly at him, Michael smiled at the idea that was forming. "Kathryn, have you ever been to a strip club?"

"No, but I'd love to go with you. Just tell me when. Any night .. or day ... whenever you want me to. It doesn't mat ..."

"Stop. I'm not asking if you would go with us. I'm asking if you would get a job there, if you would perform naked on a stage in front of a room filled with men -- and our group, of course. If you would flaunt your tits and pussy in front of them, if you would do private lap dances and let them touch you, if you would touch them, suck them. All with us right there."

"But I've never done it," Kathryn protested. "I don't know how. Who is going to pay me to do something I don't know how to do?"

Jacqueline made no attempt to conceal her amusement. "You silly little girl. They don't pay you. You pay them to work there -- and then you keep your tips. The more the men like you, the more tips you make."

"There's a place on Market Street called the Crazy Horse," Michael said. "Go there. Get a job. When you get hired, call us and we'll make plans. If you fail, don't ever call us again."

 **********************

"Honey, I got only two requirements: One, you give me 40 bucks for the stage fee. Two, you don't be so ugly that you scare customers out the door," the manager said. "Your face looks great. Now lemme see your body."

Kathryn had assumed there'd be some sort of audition when she went to the club and had taken a long time to select a sexy outfit that she'd be able to slip out of without looking awkward. Slowly she started to undo the buttons of her low-cut silk shirt.

"Hey, hey, hey, honey. Don't try to turn me on. I watch girls strip all day five days a week. Just get outta your clothes quick and show me what you got."

Kathryn hurriedly peeled off her clothes and stood naked in front of the unbelievably bored looking manager.

"Turn around. Yeah, fine. When do you want to come in?"

"That's it?" she asked.

"No, that's not it. When you gimme the 40 bucks, then that's it."

Kathryn pulled two 20s out of her purse and said, "Saturday?"

"Whatever. See ya at 6."

 *****************

"Hi, I'm Amanda, I've never seen you before."

"It's my first day," Kathryn said to the only other girl in the dressing room, a short brunette who looked so incredibly wholesome, nothing like what Kathryn had expected a stripper to look like.

"Oh, cool. So, like, where'd you work before?"

"No, I mean it's my first day -- anywhere."

"Wow, a virgin. So did anybody tell you the rules?"

"Rules?"

"I guess not. OK, here's the way it works. There are six of us on this shift. We take turns on the stage. When you're up there you do three songs. Basically, you keep your clothes on for the first song, go topless for the second, nude for the third -- but nobody's going to complain if you take stuff off earlier. The rules say don't touch yourself while you're up there. Forget it. Everybody rubs their tits and pussies, some use dildoes, some even do two-girl acts. The rules also say you have to stay on the stage. Don't worry about it. Half the girls sit on the laps of the guys sitting ringside. Remember, your stage time is advertising. You make a few bucks while you're up there, but not enough to live on. The idea is to make the guys want a private dance. Make eye contact. See which guys are looking like they're dying to fuck you. When you get off the stage go to them first and ask if they'd like a dance."

"What are the rule for the private dances?" Kathryn asked.

"Officially? There are semi-private and private dances. The semi-privates are in a pretty dark room with a bunch of couches. You do those topless. Supposedly, you can let the guy touch anything but your tits and pussy. Until you get to know the other girls, follow those rules. Most of them are cool, but some will tell the manager if you let a customer touch your tits. The only reason they care is that they won't let a guy do that unless they sell him a private dance -- which costs twice as much -- and they don't want anybody else giving what they won't.

"In the private rooms, you take everything off. Rules? Just be careful, remember that's just a curtain over the doorway. Otherwise, every girl has her own rules. I don't know any girls that fuck in there -- at least none that have admitted it to me -- but I know girls that suck cock, that let customers eat their pussy, that titty fuck. Everybody lets the guys suck their tits, almost everybody lets them play with their pussies, most will do a masturbation show and a lot of them will jack a guy off."

Kathryn was stunned at the matter-of-fact way Amanda ticked off what was expected of her. "Is there ... is there anything else I should know?"

"Oh, sweetie, I didn't mean to shock you. You'll do fine. Just remember, when you're on stage don't worry about fancy dance moves. There aren't any ballet fans out there. Just take your clothes off, shake your tits and spread your legs."

 *******************

Kathryn heard the opening guitar licks of Z.Z. Topp's "Legs," the song she had picked for her opening number. She was so excited at the thought of Michael and Jacqueline and their friends watching her it was almost embarrassing. Her pussy was throbbing, leaking so much that she had wiped herself with a tissue just momemnts ago and yet she still felt like pure liquid between her legs.

"Gentlemen, welcome our newest sexy Crazy Horse dancer -- Kathryn!" the announcer called into the microphone. It was time.

Kathryn strode out onto the stage in a nearly see-through coral camisole and matching thong that showed off her ass and barely covered her shaved pussy. Her eyes swept the audience -- a dozen or so guys at the stage and maybe the same number sitting farther back -- but nobody she recognized. It was difficult to hide her disappointment, but Kathryn knew she must. The group could walk in at any moment and she wanted them to see her turning the club into a sexual firestorm.

Strutting along the length of the stage, Kathryn showed that, like the girl in the song, she had legs and knew how to use them. But when she bent over in front of a middle-aged man with intense eyes, she knew it wasn't her legs that he was studying. Shifting her weight from one foot to the other while she gyrated in time to the music, Kathryn could look back and watch the effect her jiggling ass had on the man. As he reached into his pocket for a tip, she spread her legs wider, letting the lips of her pussy extend beyond the narrow strip of material between her legs. By the end of the song, every man at the stage had put a tip out for her; it was obvious they all wanted her.

As the pounding rhythm of Z.Z. Topp faded and was replaced by Alanis Morissette's slow, haunting "Uninvited," Kathryn stripped off her camisole, dropped to her hands and knees, and crawled along the stage like a spoiled house cat waiting for a treat. With each move, her breasts, covered with the pink blotches of arousal, swayed back and forth. The men loved it -- but not as much as Kathryn when she lowered her chest and dragged her hard nipples across the stage's carpet. The friction made her gasp and there wasn't anyone in the club who couldn't tell that her excitement was real.

When Kathryn reached the end of the stage, she saw that it wasn't just the customers who were watching her. Amanda was right there, fishing a dollar bill out of the waistband of her panties. The young dancer put the bill between her teeth and leaned toward the stage. Kathryn held one breast to each of the girl's cheeks, then pulled slowly away from her, the bill caught in her cleavage. Amanda smiled up at her, then ran her tongue along the underside of Kathryn's breast before bestowing a wet kiss on her nipple.

As Kathryn leaned forward to kiss her, Amanda whispered, "Sweetie, you're going to do just fine, they all want to fuck you, hell, I want to fuck you."

"Then do it. Come up on stage for my last song and fuck me with a dildo."

While Kathryn finished her second song, Amanda raced backstage, ready to make her entrance when the first notes of "I Want You to Want Me" blared from the club's speakers. By the time Amanda made her way through the curtains, Kathryn was completely naked, her thong wrapped around a man's head, pulling his face against her thigh.

The customers' eyes were all focused on Kathryn, but when they saw Amanda approach her from behind, swinging a dildo by a strap, they knew they were in for an even better show. As Kathryn continued to rub the man's face against her thigh, the brunette pressed up against her from behind. Sliding her free hand around, she cupped one of Kathryn's breasts and caressed its satiny softness.

"Doesn't she have beautiful tits?" Amanda asked the customers by the stage. "And they feel even better. Mmmm, such nice hard nipples.

Kathryn leaned back against her new friend and enjoyed the sensation her fingers were causing. "Want to see me fuck her?" Amanda asked. Amid a wave of cheers and whistles, Amanda lowered Kathryn to the stage, pread her legs and slid a finger deep into her pussy.

Draing the finger out, she looked at one of the customers and said, "I brought some lube to use but I don't think we'll need it -- look at this." Juices from Kathryn's pussy were dripping off her finger, which she licked and sucked before sliding it back inside Kathryn. "Guys, you can't believe how good she tastes."

This time when Amanda drew her finger out she immediately replaced it with the dildo, causing Kathryn to cry out. "That's right, sweetie, let me fuck you," she whispered, "but don't come -- make them get a private dance to see that."

It was pure bliss for Kathryn, this gorgeous girl ravaging her pussy with a dildo while a couple dozen men watched her. Oh, if only Michael and Jacqueline could see her now. The thought of that made her rock her hips faster, bucking hard against the dildo. She felt her muscles tensing and knew that just a few more strokes would have her gushing all over the stage. But Amanda sensed that, too, and stopped moving her hand. While she kissed Kathryn on the mouth, Amanda slipped the dildo out of her, stood and strode off the stage as the audienced clapped wildly.

As the music ended, Kathryn gathered her camisole and thong, waved to the audience and disappeared by the curtain.

"You were fucking fabulous, sweetie!" Amanda said. "You're going to have your pick of those guys for private dances. Come on, let's go."

Kathryn was still in a haze as she followed Amanda out onto the floor of the club. She wasn't quite sure what to do next, but she didn't have to be. Amanda led her over to a pair of blondes that looked barely old enough to be inside the club.

"Hi, boys, you like what you saw up there? How'd you like to play with us?" Amanda asked. "Just 50 dollars for a naked, private dance. What do you say?"

"We don't have that much," one of the boys said, and Amanda thought he was going to cry. "Then how about 25 for a topless couch dance?" she asked.

The boys' faces lit up. "Yeah, let's go!" The dancers led them into the couch room and seated them next to each other. Kathryn started to lift off her camisole but Amanda stopped her. "Wait a second, before they play they have to pay."

Once she had the money, Amanda slipped out of her top and climbed onto one boy's lap. God, he's so hard, she thought. Looking into his face, she said, "It feels like you like having me here. I like the way your cock feels against my pussy. You want to play with my tits?"

Overhearing that, Kathryn said, "But I thought you told me ... "

"Don't worry, sweetie, Michelle's the only other girl in here and she's cool.

Great, thought Kathryn, who was so horny she couldn't wait to feel her boy's hands all over her. "I know what you want," she said, grabbing the boy's hands and placing them on her breasts. He squeezed them, kneaded them, stroked his fingers over her nipples while ground her pussy against his cock. She felt him take one hand away and looked down to see Amanda moving it to one of her breasts. His friend understood what was going on and reached over to take Kathryn's exposed breat in his hand. The boys had never experienced anything like this, fondling two incredibly hot women at the same time.

All too soon -- for the boys and for Kathryn -- the song ended. "Come back when you have some more money and we can have some real fun," Amanda said and then led Kathryn out of the room.

"Amanda, I'm so hot I need to go back to the dressing room and play with myself."

"Forget that, sweetie, let's go find someone with a little more cash."

The two girls were barely back in the main room before an older man in a three-piece suit came up and aked if Kathryn was available for a private dance.

"Now's your chance," Amanda whispered. "Have fun, sweetie."

Kathryn took the man into one othe private rooms. It wasn't much bigger than a closet with an overstuffed chair against one wall and a bench built into the wall facing it.

"That was quite a show you put on up on the stage. How about showing me what you can do by yourself?" the man asked as he settled into the chair. Kathryn stepped out of her thong and sat on the bench. Running her hand over her pussy, she siad, "You mean something like this?"

Kathryn slid down on the bench and spread her legs. She used her fingers to part her swollen pussy lips and display her rigid clitoris, then slid one finger inside. Kathryn pumped the finger in and out, delighting in the sound it made.

"Talk to me," the man groaned.

"You want me to tell you how it feels? How I love the feel of my finger fucking my cunt? How tight it is? You know what I like even better, though? I love to rub my clit -- just like this. Ohh, I just love the way that feels, my fingers just circling my clit again and again. Why don't you take your cock out and play with it while I play with my cunt?"

The man was so hard he could barely get his zipper down. But when he finally did, Kathryn was delighted. "Oh you have such a nice cock. Let me see you jack it off while I finger fuck myself. Yeah, just like that, just like that ... oh, watch me, I'm gonna come."

Kathryn's pussy began to convulse as her fingers flew over her clit. And then it hit. One of those orgasms that felt like it started in her soul. Her body was screaming but she bit her lip so her mouth wouldn't. As she started to come down, she saw the man pumping his cock faster. "For another 50 I could do that for you."

The man handed her the money and she wrapped her hand around his cock. "You just lie back, honey, and let me take care of you." Even though she had just come, the feel of the man's cock in her hand was getting Kathryn turned on again. She loved watching it slide back and forth in her hand, loved the sight of the foreskin peeling back to expose the shiny head. He was leaking pre-come and she used her other hand to rub it over the head. When it was wet all over, Kathryn tucked his cock between her breasts and moved forward and back.

"You like tit-fucking me, don't you? You love the feel of my soft tits on your hard cock. You know what? So do I. I love pinching my nipples while you tit-fuck me."

The only question was which one loved it more. Kathryn felt the tingling in her pussy turn to a throb and thought, "Fuck it."

"Mister, it's your lucky day. You probably got the only girl in this place who would do this."

Kathryn backed up to him, straddled his thighs and sat down. When she felt the head of his cock touch her pussy, she looked back at him and said, "Push it in ... all the way ... right now."

It was so thick and so hard, Kathryn squirmed against it, feeling the cock against all her inner walls. God, it felt good, but what she wanted was a good hard fuck. So she rode on the rock, bounced on it, did everything but jump up and down on it. Another mind-bending orgasm was just seconds away when the curtain was ripped open.

The first person Kathryn saw was Amanda. The second was Michael.

"I see you're enjoying David, dear. That's wonderful. He and Amanda have been part of our group for some time. You've been such a good girl, we have a treat for you."

With that, Michael pulled the curtain all the way back, revealing a line of men, all with their cocks out, hard and ready -- for Kathryn.

Kathryn stared at the cocks and then at Michael. And then she came.