 It is late in the evening and Gail and I have put in a long day. We are getting ready to go home when she stops. “John, I need your cock before I get out of here. Let’s go in the conference room and fuck on the big oak table.”

She is unbuttoning her dress as she walks down the hall. She enters the room and throws her dress over one of the large leather chairs. She quickly slips off her panties and bra and lays them on her dress. She turns her back to the table and jumps up. She lies back, pulls her feet up on the table, and waits for me to get the message. I walk in and take off my shirt and tie while looking at her lying naked on the table where we meet with our clients during the day. 

I strip and throw my clothes on the pile with Gail’s. I step up to the table and begin eating. Her pussy is already wet. I’m just stirring her juices with my tongue as I listen to her moan her approval. Her pussy tastes as sweet as always. I put my hands under her ass pulling her tight into my mouth. My tongue fucks her pussy and she grabs my head to hold me onto her special spot. I slip two fingers into her cunt and move my tongue to work her clit. 

“Eat me, John. Make me cum. Don’t fuck around. Lick my clit.” I work my fingers onto her G-spot and suck her clit as she arches her back on the table and cums. 

“John, you are sure good at this. It doesn’t matter how many times you eat my pussy you make it seem like the first.”

“Gail, I still say you should try a woman. You two could lick each other and I could join in at the end.”

“John, I’ve just never had the attraction. If I ever meet a lady that turns me on I might try licking a little pussy myself, but I haven’t met her yet. Now John, you get up here, and let me suck that cock of yours.”

She jumps down to the floor. The sight of her tits shaking from the drop pumps up my cock. I boost myself up on the table. She points my already hard cock to the ceiling and swallows about half of it. She sucks me deep and gently rubs my balls while blowing me.

“I’m just blowing you until you get hard, and then we’re going to fuck. I need one more cum before I go home.” She flicks her tongue over the head. I don’t know how much harder she expects my dick to get. I’m ready to fuck. 

She climbs up on the table and hovers over my body as I point my cock at her pussy. She lowers her cunt, and my cock spreads her lips and enters her easily. She sits all the way down and leans forward over me so I can suck her tits. I pull one of those long nipples into my mouth. She’s slapping her pussy down hard on me and I’m shoving my ass off the table to give her a good fuck. Then we hear the alarm system cycle—someone’s just come into the building. Gail jumps off my cock and grabs our clothes. I think and point to the phone closet. We run for the door and go inside.

The phone closet is a small room where all the phone circuits from the outside come in and are routed to all the offices. It’s a machine room without decorations or a carpeted floor. We stand naked and wait to see who’s here. The closed circuit television security system is based here and there is a display monitor tied into all the cameras in the building. I cycle through the cameras until I see a couple walking down the hall.

It’s my partner Joe and his client Sandy. Sandy was the client that was so concerned about losing her house and cars she let me fuck her ass several times while I worked on the case. Last month I got busy with a trial and turned her case over to Joe. He mentioned to me a couple of weeks ago he was being compensated in a similar fashion. I asked him if he had got into her cunt, but she told him the same story about not wanting to get pregnant. 

They turn into the conference room. Gail and I watch as they embrace and start to make out. We look at each other and start to laugh. 

We can hear them through the door. Sandy says, “Joe, ever since I saw this huge oak table, I’ve wanted to fuck on it. I want to get naked in the middle of the table on all fours, and you can fuck my ass.” She starts stripping just as Gail had done a few minutes before. Joe was tossing his clothes on the back of the chair.

Gail looks at me. “Well, John, I guess I wasn’t the only one to have a thing for large oak tables. That’s the client that you got so hot over last month isn’t it. You had to call me into the office to fuck you after she left. It looks like we might get to see how she looks naked.”

Gail is watching Sandy strip and stares at the screen as her fat tits come into view. The way they stand up under their weight is amazing. I can see Gail is quite taken by her large brown nipples. I come up behind Gail as she watches Sandy and Joe. I push her forward a bit and fit my cock into her pussy. She jerks back on my cock as Sandy climbs up on the table. Sandy gets down on all fours. You can almost see Gail’s head follow the swaying of Sandy’s tits. 

Gail looks back at me. “Fuck me, John, while I watch them fuck.” This statement is from my secretary, who doesn’t care for porn.

Joe’s cock is already hard as he climbs on the table behind her. His cock is about the same size as I am. He moves up behind Sandy and she hands him a small tube. Joe squeezes the tube into his hand and rubs is fingers in the oily substance. He places his finger at Sandy’s asshole and slowly pushes. Since taking her case Joe’s been down this road several times. He’s told me that he has never fucked a woman who so loved it up the ass. He works two fingers inside her until he’s satisfied as to her lubrication. His cock receives a string along the top and he rubs it in good.

Gail is riveted by the action. I am plowing her cunt as see watches Joe lube up his cock. “He’s going to fuck her in the ass. Jesus, John, if you had some lube here you could have my ass right now.” The tube is back in my office so I just keep fucking her cunt. Gail’s braces her arms on the rack holding the security equipment. She’s shoving back into me. I know from long experience she’s just a couple of minutes from cumming. Watching them has truly wound up her clock.

Joe is easing his cock into Sandy’s ass. She’s not as tight as she used to be back there before she started to have legal problems, but Joe’s cock is still pretty fat. “Joe, slowly, it’s big. Oh, but does it feel good in my ass. Ok, now start fucking me.” Joe pulls out his dick and slides it all the way in. “Oh, fuck, Joe do it. Fuck my ass.”

Gail can see they’re getting into it. She is watching Sandy’s plump tits flop as Joe pounds her ass. “John, you know, she’s pretty hot. So is Joe. You maybe should let me try him out sometime. He’s got a nice cock.”

“Maybe we’ll try you together. Would you like that? Suck one of us while you fuck the other. Then we switch.”

“Fuck, that’s a hot thought. Bring his cock up to my mouth so I can drink all his hot cum while you fuck my ass.”

Joe and Sandy are getting into it when the alarm cycles again. Some else is in the building. Joe pulls out of Sandy’s ass and jumps to the floor.

“Sandy, get down someone just came into the building.”

Joe grabs their clothes and looks around. He spots the phone closet. He grabs Sandy’s hand and pulls her naked body after him.

Gail and John have missed the sound of the alarm cycling in the phone closet and are almost ready to cum together when the door opens quickly and Joe and Sandy appear. Both are frozen as they see John slamming his cock into Gail’s cunt while she is telling him to fuck her harder. They look up and see Joe and Sandy. 

Joe smiles at them. “Don’t let me stop you.”

John looks over and says, “Okay, but shut the fucking door.” He was very close to cumming when the door opened, but now he’s under control. He continues fucking Gail. Gail is turned on that Joe and Sandy are watching her. She’s had a fantasy for months about be watched by another couple while she fucks John. 

Sandy, who knows the effect of John’s cock on her ass is turned on by the fucking couple. She reaches out for Joe’s cock to see if it’s still slick. It is. She moves up next to Gail and leans forward on to the racks beside her. “Joe, put it back in and fuck me.”

Gail looks at her. “Don’t make a lot of noise. I’m not sure we could fit another couple in here.”

Sandy was close to cumming out on the table and few strokes by Joe’s cock bring her back up to the edge. He is holding her mouth and trying to keep her quiet. Sandy cums hard but Joe doesn’t. Joe pulls out of Sandy and his cock sticks out ten inches before him. 

Gail is looking at his cock as I fuck her from behind. I pull out of Gail and lie down on the tile floor. Gail steps over me and lowers her pussy to my cock. When she has it all in she starts to ride me. 

Joe realizes he still has the lube in his hand. He kneels down behind Gail and squirts some on his finger. John has told him that Gail loves a cock up her ass. Joe reaches down to her bouncing bottom and touches his slick finger to her asshole. 

“Oh, shit, John, Joe’s got his finger in my ass.”

“Don’t you like that?”

“Yes, it feels good? Is this okay with you?”

“It’s fine by me.”

“He’s got his whole finger in my ass. Fuck, that feels good. John?”

“Yes, babe.”

“Would you mind if he fucked my ass while you fuck my pussy?

“Not at all. If you want his cock in your ass then go ahead.”

Joe kneels behind Gail and points his cock at her ass. She is lying down on top of John raising her ass to his level. He puts the tip on her ass and slowly enters her.

“John, his dick is in my ass. Shit, I feel so full. This is fucking great getting fucked by two cocks.” 

Sandy is leaning against the wall playing with her pussy as she watches Gail. She’s stunned at the fierce sex before her. She can see both cocks as they double team John’s secretary. Gail is moaning and getting close to cumming. Sandy sits up and crawls over to Gail. She sits within inches of her and can feel the heat of the sex in front of her. Sandy lifts her hand and cups Gail’s breast. She’s never touched a woman before, but Gail’s bouncing breasts are irresistible. She takes the nipple between her fingers and squeezes.

“Oh, yes, Sandy, pinch my nipples, that’s so good. You can suck them if you want.”

Sandy leans down and pulls one of the fat nipples into her mouth. Gail reaches up and pulls her head tighter into her chest. 

“Oh, fuck, I’m cumming, cumming. Fuck your cocks are making me cum.”

Gail stops moving and shudders to a halt. She collapses onto John and Joe pulls out of her ass. His cock is still hard after two ass fucks. Gail rolls off John on to the floor and lies there recovering. 

John’s cock points to the ceiling as Sandy sits down on it. “I know I told you couldn’t fuck my pussy, but I’ve got to feel two cocks in me like Gail.” John watches as Sandy points his cock at her pussy and slides down it. 

“Fuck, John I’ve never had a cock this big in my cunt before. Let me get used to this Joe, then put your dick in my ass.”

She’s like a vise on my cock. The feeling of her pussy is certainly worth the wait. I look over at Gail to see what she thinks of Sandy riding my meat. She’s not looking at me, but at Sandy. Those tits of Sandy’s have her hypnotized. Sandy finally sits all the way down. She takes all my cock. Not many women take the whole thing. 

“Okay Joe, get it in my ass.” Joe moves in behind Sandy. He has been working her case long enough to know how to work his cock into her ass quickly. 

“Oh, fuck, this is good.” Sandy moans. Joe and I start double fucking her, pushing her from my cock to his and he pushes her back. I see Gail move up to us. She reaches for Sandy’s big tits and fondles them. I’m sure this is the first time Gail has ever touched a woman in an intimate why. Gail leans in and kisses Sandy. They open their lips and I can see their tongues play. Sandy breaks the kiss and leans down to suck Gail’s tits. Sandy’s lost in the lust of the moment. She’s hot from taking John’s cock up her pussy and her first lesbian experience all at once. All three of us are rocking her world. She’s jamming in two directions and she is fucking going nuts on our dicks.

“Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Oh, John I am fucking sorry I never took your cock up my cunt until now. You’ve only had my ass.”

Gail looks down at me with a questioning stare. I shrug my shoulders as much as one can while fucking a wild woman. She leans down to my ear, “So, you’ve fucked her ass have you?” I nodded. “That’s okay John, because when you’re done with her, I’m going to fuck her. She’s too hot to leave alone.” Gail sits up and turns Sandy’s face to hers. She plasters her lips onto Sandy’s and opens her mouth to invade with her tongue. Sandy immediately gets into it and returns the kiss. She reaches up and grabs one of Gail’s tits. They are making out while Joe and I fuck Sandy. Watching this is getting to us. I can feel my cum swell up in my cock. I should pull out but Joe keeps ramming her cunt down on my cock as he fucks her ass. So I let go in her pussy. I pump spurt after spurt of cum up into her cunt. I feel Joe’s cock jerking in her ass and we fill Sandy full of cum. She’s shrieking as she feels the cocks spurting into her holes.

Joe pulls out and she falls over. Gail leaps between her legs and starts licking my cum from her dripping pussy. I’ve never seen Gail like this. Sandy reaches down and knows from Gail’s hair that she’s getting her cunt sucked by a woman. She lifts her head and looks at the top of Gail’s head. “Oh, shit. Lick it Gail. Eat my pussy. Turn around and let me eat yours.”

Gail doesn’t hesitate and spins around and throws her leg over Sandy’s head. Sandy’s arms come around Gail’s ass and pull her pussy down. Joe and I can see Sandy’s tongue drive into Gail’s cunt and Gail pulls her head up. “Eat it Sandy. Eat my pussy. You taste so good honey. Lick it. Taste my juices.”

They roll over so Sandy is on top and we watch Gail flicking her tongue over Sandy’s clit. Gail sticks a finger into Sandy’s stretched ass and Sandy returns the favor. They’re racing toward major orgasms. Gail cums first, her shriek blasting into Sandy’s cunt. Sandy lifts her head. “Cumming, Cumming, Cumming, Gail you’re fucking making me cum.”

They collapse from the strain. The roll apart and Gail turns and the two women embrace and softly kiss to taste each other’s juices. 

We all get dressed and Joe says, let’s go over to my place. I’ve got a Jacuzzi and live alone.” The girls look at each other and together say, “Sure.”