 My husband had made a new friend at work and wanted to invite him over for dinner on weekend. I agreed and he set it up for Saturday evening. I worked all afternoon preparing a nice dinner of roast duck and about 4 pm, made the final preparations and then went to take a shower and get dressed. 

Dan arrived promptly at 6 pm and my husband introduced us. I was pleasantly surprised to see that he was young with a very athletic build. His arms were huge and it was obvious that he worked out regularly. I remember thinking that if his cock was as big as his arms, I would love to see it. My hubby hadn't said anything about what his intentions were for the night so I assumed that we were just going to have a quiet dinner and enjoy each other's company. I served drinks and we chatted briefly before dinner. "So Dan" I said. "I have never seen you at the office before. How long have you worked there?"

"I just started 2 weeks ago" he replied. "It is so nice of you two to invite me here tonight. I am new to the area and don't have any friends, but I hope that will change very quickly." He smiled at me as he made that statement and I felt a slight chill run up my spine. I had no idea why I felt that way and I just shook it off.

I served dinner and received plenty of compliments from both of the men. After dinner, I cleaned off the table while Dan and my hubby relaxed with another drink in the living room. When I finished in the kitchen, I headed for the living room and heard a familiar sound of a female moaning as I reached the entrance. I looked at the television and saw that my husband had started a porn tape and there was a beautiful blond getting double penetrated by two well hung studs. "Enjoying the movie?" I asked with a smile. "You bet my" hubby replied, "Dan here says he hasn't watched a porno in a long time and I thought he might enjoy your favorite tape."

I blushed a little when he said that because of the content of the tape. The whole thing is short scenes of women getting double penetrated by cocks, toys, veggies, and combinations thereof. "This is your favorite porno tape?" Dan inquired. "Sure is" I replied. "I love to watch a hot woman get it in both holes." I think that remark surprised Dan and my husband spoke up and said "She likes to do more that just watch it. She loves taking on two cocks." 

Dan smiled and sat back to continue watching the movie. I sat on the couch beside my husband and began to watch the movie. I would frequently glance over at Dan who seemed to be a little uncomfortable watching the movie with me in the room. I also noticed that he had a large bulge in his pants. "Maybe I was right" I thought. It sure does look like his cock is large. I was getting horny watching another blonde taking a huge cock in her pussy and some girl fucking her ass with a dildo. I leaned over to my hubby and told him that if this movie continued much longer, someone was going to have to fuck me. With that, the moved his hand to my chest and started rubbing my tits. My nipples were already hard and poking through my bra but his attention was making them even harder. I could feel my pussy was already wet and I began to unbutton my blouse to allow my husband better access to my tits. 

"Are we going to let Dan over there to fend for himself?" I asked my hubby. "That is up to you my dear but I don't thing he will be able to stand too much more" he said. I stood up, finished unbuttoning my blouse and let it drop to the floor. "Dan, I think we need some help over here" I moaned in the sexiest voice I could muster. Dan looked over at me and smiled as he got out of the chair and moved in my direction. As he approached, I removed my skirt and was standing there in my heels and soaking wet thong panties. When he got in front of me, I pulled him to me and kissed him deeply. Our tongues explored each other's mouths and we were still kissing when I felt my husband slide his fingers in the waistband on my panties and slide them down. I lifted my legs to allow him to take them off and then kicked off my shoes. 

They both helped me back on the couch and I soon felt two mouths on my tits, nibbling and sucking my hard nipples. Dan was on my right and my hubby on the left and I felt Dan's hand between my legs. His fingers found my clit and I came as soon as he touched it. "My we have a hot one here" he said. "You haven't seen nothing yet my friend" my husband replied. "This lovely woman will do anything you want so let's give her a night to remember." Dan's fingers were working on my clit and he grabbed it between his thumb and forefinger, pinching it lightly and I came very hard. 

He continued to do this for a few minutes then inserted a finger into my soaking wet pussy. I let out a moan as his finger found my spot and he began to finger fuck me. My hubby was sucking on one tit and pinching the nipple on the other. "Somebody better give me a cock to suck on" I moaned. In a flash, my husband removed his clothes and stuck his cock into my mouth. I removed his cock and told him to hold that thought. I moved around on the couch and laid on my back so that my head was hanging over the arm. "Now let the games begin" I said just before he replaced his hard cock into my mouth. I let my head fall back as far as it could and felt him slide his cock deep in my throat.

I felt the finger leave my pussy and heard a belt buckle and zipper and knew that Dan was getting undressed. I moaned around the cock in my mouth and Dan said "Don't worry sweetheart, I'll be back with you in a minute. My eyes looked up toward him and I saw a nice, long and thick cock. "Just the way I like 'em" I thought. Dan moved out of sight and I felt his finger re-enter my pussy. I also felt his tongue flick across my clit and I raised my hips to meet it. He literally attacked my clit, not only licking it but taking it into his mouth and sucking on it. Every once in awhile, he would gently bite my clit which would make me cum very hard. Meanwhile the cock in my throat began to twitch and I soon felt the familiar hot liquid that I have come to love, squirt into my throat. My hubby drove his cock deeper into my throat and held it there while he unloading his nuts into me. 

Dan had added two more fingers and was not finger fucking me with three of his large digits. I was bucking wildly and violently raising my hips off the couch to shove his fingers deeper in my pussy. My hubby removed his cock from my mouth and I begged Dan to fuck me with his big cock. "Don't be in such a hurry" Dan said. "I'm not done with what I doing yet." With that he added another finger and was shoving all four fingers into me with such force that it moved me further up toward the arm of the couch. I sat up and watched as he fucked me with his hand. "God I need someone to fuck me" I screamed. "In due time" Dan replied. "But I need your big cock in me" I begged. Dan looked at my hubby and said "You're right buddy, she is one hot bitch. Got any cucumbers in the fridge?" My husband looked at him with a confused expression and said he would go look. "What do you want a damn cucumber for?" I moaned. "Fuck me with that lovely cock!"

"I'm in charge here" Dan exclaimed. "I will decide what is done to you and when." With that he removed his hand and I felt the emptiness in my pussy. "Do you understand that bitch?" he yelled. "Yesssss" I moaned. "Please put your fingers back. I need something in my pussy NOW!" 

"I told you I am in charge and you will do as I say. Now turn over and get on your hands and knees in the floor" he ordered. I did as instructed and as I got in position, my hubby came back into the room with two cucumbers. One was smaller than the other but both were rather large. The smallest was about 9 inches long and about 2 1/2 inches across. The other one was at least 10 inches long but very, very thick.........maybe 4 inches across. Dan looked at my husband and said "this bitch is hotter than a firecracker. I'm going to get a blow job, you fuck her with the cucs."

With that, Dan moved in front of me and laid on the floor. "Suck my dick sweety. Just like you did his" he said. I took his semi-erect cock into my mouth and started to suck on just the head. His cock quickly became fully erect and I began to slide it down my throat. Dan is bigger than my husband and when his cock got to the back of my throat, I gagged a little before letting it slide all the way into my throat. I felt my pussy lips being spread and then something cold putting pressure at the entrance. I didn't know which cucumber my husband had chosen to use but I soon discovered that he went for the largest one. As he pushed it into me, I was being stretched tremendously to accomodate it's girth. To my surprise, he continued to push the cuc into me with no difficulty and soon my pussy was filled with the cold veggie. It felt great to have my pussy so full and I started to move my ass against it to encourage him to fuck me with it. 

I now turned my concentration to the cock in my throat and I would let is slide out of my throat until just the head was in my mouth. Then I would quickly swallow his cock until my nose was buried in his pubic hair. "Man she can sure suck a cock buddy" Dan moaned. "Yeah I know" replied my hubby. "I told you she would do anything but I forgot to tell you how great she is at doing it."

"She's really getting into getting fucked with that big cucumber" said Dan. "Why don't you try the other one up her ass?"

"Great idea" my husband responded. I soon felt some lube being squirted onto my ass and then a finger worked into my sensative asshole. He slid his finger in and out several times then place the bottle of lube in my ass and squirted a generous amount inside. "I'm gonna loosen you up a little first honey" he said. Then he inserted two fingers in my ass and started working them around. When I had adjusted to them, he added a third and continued to work his fingers in and out of my hot ass. Then with no warning, I felt the cold cucumber being shoved into my ass. It was very cold and it was bigger than the toys that I am use to so I moaned with pain as he worked that big veggie up my ass. I tried to relax but it was very difficult. I quit sucking on Dan's cock and he reached over and slapped my ass, telling me to keep sucking. I turned my attention back to sucking the cock in my throat which actually allowed my ass to relax and begin adjusting to the invasion of the cucumber. My hubby had sensed that I was in pain and had quit pushing the veggie any further to allow me to get used to it size. 

I finally began to feel somewhat comfortable with the cucumber in my ass and wiggle my butt to signal him to continue. He slowly slid the thing into my ass and then he stopped which I figured meant he was all the way in. Again he allowed me to adjust for a few minutes then began to fuck me with both cucumbers. God I love to be double fucked! It was becomming increasingly difficult to concentrate on Dan's cock so I really started sucking him and sliding his cock deep into my throat. My efforts paid off and I soon felt his hot cum shooting into my throat. He came so much that I couldn't swallow it all and I began to gag and try to remove his cock from my throat. Dan held my head firmly with his hands and kept his cock deep in me. "You're not going to miss a drop" he said as I continued to gag. "Hey man, don't choke her" my husband demanded. "Shut the fuck up buddy" Dan yelled. "She'll do what I tell her to and like it."

I was beginning to get a little aprehensive here but knew that my husband wouldn't let anything bad happen to me. I knew that Dan was much bigger and probably much stronger that my hubby but I also knew that he kept his gun nearby. "Okay" my husband told Dan, "but if I tell you she has had enough, you had better stop."

"Fair enough" replied Dan. "I don't intend to hurt her, just use her" he said with a smile. 

When Dan's nuts were empty, he removed his cock from my mouth and I took a few seconds to catch my breath. The feeling of the two cucmbers was incredible and I was cumming hard and continously. My husband was driving both of them into me hard and I was screaming for him to fuck me harder. "I can't do it any harder babe" he said. I started pushing my ass back to meet the thrusts and was now driving the cucumber in my pussy as far as it would go. I started feeling faint and then came one last time before apparently passing out.

When I came to, I was on my back with both guys wiping me off with a wet wash cloth. "Wow, that was great" I moaned as I smiled at them. "The party has only started" said Dan. "We have all weekend and we are going to make you cum so much, that you will be begging us to stop."

"I can't wait" I said.

(To be continued)