 "Val, this is my girlfriend Linda. Linda, my sister Val."

With their lips locked in a lazy, sultry kiss, I couldn't tell if they snorted a chuckle or moaned in building passion. Then Linda gave my nearly-erect cock a sharp flick with her finger for being a smartass. Of course they had already met each other. This occasion marked the first time without any clothing.

I ran my palms down their smooth, nude bodies, stroking in one motion from shoulders to cup firm buttocks. Lying between two lithesome beauties kissing each other across my chest on a king-sized bed. Life am good.

I inhaled the fragrances coming from the strawberry-blonde curls and the straight jet-black hair bobbing under my chin. My hands continued roam, caressing with fingertips up their sides to slip under their armpits to bounce perky breasts. I felt chuckling approval resonate in my chest as well as my ears. Slim fingers found my strengthening cock, making a game of who clutched it.

And then a triple warble yanked my eyes open.

The women stopped. "What was that?"

The three chirpy rings came again. I sighed. "Someone wants in at the front door of the apartment. Ignore it."

Triple warble-chirp. Triple warble-chirp. Triple warble-chirp.

"Fargin' icehole damnit." I clambered like a crippled crab on my butt, heels and hands from between Linda and Val. I reached the end of the bed and my feet hit the floor, sending a sharp bounce in my cock. Ow. "You two don't wait for me, but please...wait for me." 

"No promises." Feminine giggles followed me as I stomped up the hall. I pressed on the intercom button. 

"What??"

"Um...I may have the wrong apartment. I'm looking for Zach in 305?" The miserable speaker system identified the speaker as male, but otherwise the squeaky, garbled voice meant nothing to me.

"You've got him. Who's this?"

"It's Kelvin. Can I come up?"

Oh, cartwheeling christ! My brother-in-law. Also known as Val's husband. I yanked my hand away from the button as if it glowed white hot.

Adrenalin booted me straight in the heart. I looked down the hall at the undulating curves of Val as she gained the upper hand and bent over Linda's slinky body like a cat. Val, also known as my sister. Booted me in the heart? Panic and adrenalin fucking attacked my heart.

"Now? At this hour?" No reply. No static. I remembered to press the button and repeated myself.

"Zach, it's only 9:00. It's kind of an emergency."

I hissed between my teeth and tried to think of a scheme. Hiding Val under the bed. Getting Val dressed in my clothes and pretending she was our brother Harry. Throwing myself off the balcony and limping to Mexico. Think! Simply not letting Kelvin up to apartment would require a load of awkward excuses and apologies later, but it ranked as the least stupid plan on the list.

"The thing is, Kelvin..."

A conversational bustle came up through the intercom as people entered the security entrance. "Who are you waiting for?"

"My brother-in-law, Zach McAllister. In #305. I think I woke him up. He's not very coherent."

"Oh, we know Zach. You must be...Kevin?"

"Kelvin."

"Sorry. Sure, come on in."

No excuse or wild story would explain screaming "NO!" into the intercom. I half-ran and then slid back to my bedroom. Linda and Val broke off their nuzzling and looked wide-eyed at my one-man stampede. I grabbed sweat pants and a shirt as a I babbled.

"Kelvin is on his way up." 

Val gave a hypersonic squeak. "Kelvin? He's not due until tomorrow with my family." Her face went slack with horror. "Did I forget to calculate the international date line again?"

"Be quiet. Be extremely quiet. Maybe get dressed if it doesn't make noise."

I closed the door and hopped back up the hall, nearly killing myself trying to put on sweatpants and move. I reached the entry struggling with my t-shirt. I could hear the elevator rumbling to a stop through the wall. I realized I had my shirt on backwards, but didn't have time to sort it. I opened the door with Kelvin only a step away from knocking.

"Evening, sir!" I waved him in, trying to smother my gurgling panic with hearty good fellowship. "I bid you enter and be welcome!"

Kelvin did not rise to the inane banter. His swarthy, lean features didn't naturally lend themselves to a jovial air, but today his dark eyebrows collided in a frown and his jawline worked with clenched teeth. The boy weren't happy. My adrenalin soup stayed at a seething boil. This was it. He knew I was fucking his wife. I'm doomed.

Well, I didn't feel in literal, physical danger, unless Kelvin pulled a gun or machete. As he strode by me into the apartment, his slender, wiry build made me feel like a Great Dane next to a Greyhound. No, my dread came from imagining Val's marriage shattered and wider, wilder shockwaves emanating from that.

The "living room" by the blueprint layout of this apartment is in actuality my studio and, when needed, a client meeting area. The setting sunlight filled the space and made it quite sophisticated, if I do say so myself. I all but pushed Kelvin into the space, so bedroom doors would not enter into his line of sight, even if they were closed.

"Sit, sit." I gestured to one of my brown overstuffed chairs. "Water? Juice? I've got a bunch of flavours. Coffee? Though I'm told my skill in making coffee sucks."

Kelvin waved away all my offers. He turned and grabbed me by the shoulders. "Zach, have you seen any of my family?" His face contorted in a mix of bug-eyed confusion and worry.

"Family?" I looked around my apartment as if they lurked behind the drapes and chairs. "They're here?"

"They were!" He let go of me and did a pace around the studio to the big balcony door. He pulled the drapes aside to look down at the alleyway three storeys down. He turned back to me.

"My parents, sister and I landed an hour ago. No Val. We caught a cab to our house. No Val. The house was dark and no note." He waved his hands as if to grab answers from the air. "We decided to come here, figuring to surprise you both. I got our car out of the garage, but we really should've cabbed it again. I couldn't find a parking space, so I let Mom and Dad out near the entrance. Jessie stayed with me while I circled the block. Twice." 

Kelvin flung himself into a chair, then jumped back out and paced a lap through the kitchen and back. "The second circuit of the block, Mom and Dad were no longer visible. And they're not here? Val's not here? Jessie's not here?"

I perched my butt on to my drafting chair-stool, feeling dizzy with the frantic storytelling. "I thought you said Jessie stayed with you?"

"On that second circuit, she jumped out to have a looksee where the parents had gotten to. I heard her squeal the name 'Cindy', I think. Never heard her happier. I finally found a spot two blocks away and arrived here to discover I'm an orphan and widower."

The puzzle eroded some of my panic. "Cindy? The likely guess is that Jessie saw Cindy Costes coming into the building."

"Cindy Costes? The supermodel?" Kelvin's eyebrows shot up. "She lives...here?"

"Hey, it ain't a slum, y'know." I huffed. "But, no, Cindy is best of buddies with Marita, who does live here. Marita mentioned Cindy's stopping here before they both jet off to some photoshoot."

"And who's Marita?" 

"A gorgeous caramel-skinned woman whose working name I'm not at liberty to say. She could be a supermodel as well, but doesn't want the celebrity hassle of it all. She only works part time, so to speak."

Kelvin shook his head, blinking his eyes. "Okay, back to the situation, I can see Jessie losing her mind at seeing a fashion celebrity like Cindy Costes. She might of somehow sweet-talked and whined her way inside. She's a celebrity junkie, but my sister is also as gay as they come. Without a doubt, she lusts after a gorgeous babe like Cindy Costes as much as you and I do."

I couldn't help wondering what Kelvin would say if he knew the last time Cindy rolled through town, she sat naked on this very chair-stool while I drew a cartoon monkey on her tit. The left one, if I recalled correctly. 

I yanked my mind back to the room. "I don't know what to offer about your folks." I scratched my nose. "Wandering off into a strange city is curious."

"Well, not so strange. Back before he met Mom, Dad finished off his Masters Degree at the university here. He kept a running commentary in the car about what had changed and what hadn't."

"Okay. Maybe he knows the area. Maybe they went for a wee tour around the old neighbourhood." I waved in the general direction of the city beyond the closed curtains. "It's a nice evening."

Kelvin visibly relaxed as some of the blanks filled in, at least temporarily. He sighed and frowned. "But where is Val? A no-show at the airport. Not at the house. Not here." He started to clench up again. "It's a new city for her. She could be lost. In the hospital. I'm calling the police." He pulled out his phone.

I opened my mouth, fumbling for any rational protest.

"Kelvin! Stop! Don't you dare call the cops!" I snapped my heard around as Val's voice, and then Val, roared into the studio area. Black vertigo spun my brain as the lid erupted off my life. Linda came up behind me. Her hands gripped my shoulders and I gripped her hands. I watched like someone helplessly witnessing a train collision.

"Val?" Kelvin's eyes bugged as Val snatched his phone from his hand. His head bounced up and down at the sight of his wife standing in front of him buck naked. My sister's delectable gymnast's body shone when the soft lighting caught it the right sleek curve. Women sometimes really did "glow" instead of "sweat". The way her nipples strained erect on her cute little boobs explained how she came to be perspiring.

"You couldn't get dressed first?" I murmured to Linda from the corner of my mouth, noting my girlfriend likewise sported nothing but lovely golden skin. 

"It was a choice between finding clothes or eavesdropping." Linda wrapped her arms across my shoulders crossing over my collarbones. She shrugged, her nipple tickling my left ear. "Eavesdropping won."

"Why are you naked in Zach's apartment?" Kelvin's voice rose higher. "And who is that other naked woman?" He tried to haul himself out of the chair, but Val pushed him back into it and climbed into her husband's lap. Her acrobat legs draped over and pinned one arm. Her cute ass squirmed against the denim of his leg. She gripped his head in both hands and stopped his sputtering babble with a deep, passionate kiss. Kelvin resisted at first, but she persisted until he stopped flailing and visible unclenched.

I felt like every muscle that relaxed for Kelvin transferred its tension to me. Linda came around to my side, stroking my hair and rubbing my cable-tight neck. Purely on reflex habit, I started caressing her nude body, which always felt nice. I opened my mouth to say something, but Linda reached to pinch my lips shut. "Shhh."

Val pulled her mouth back, still gripping Kelvin's head like a melon. She locked eyes with him from centimeters away. "I'm here because I've been fucking Zach. Tonight I was going to fuck him and that long drink of yumminess known as his girlfriend."

"What??" Kelvin started to thrash again under his nude captor. Val clenched his head firmer as he tried to look at the other couple. "But, that...what??"

"You do recall our special promise of a 'relaxed marriage', don't you?"

"Yes, but..."

"You've screwed hookers from Hong Kong to Helsinki. You've scored with on-site coworkers from Bangkok to Bolivia. With my blessing. Right?"

"Yes, but..."

"And then you come skipping across a dozen time zones to the safety of home sweet home." Val's voice rose in pitch as her version of life came steaming up from being bottled deep. "But for me stuck in home sweet home, it took way too much espionage to sneak out, get laid, and get back without the chucklewit following me, or maybe seeing me in the supermarket a week later. I'm not a goddamn sex ninja, appearing and disappearing into the night."

Kelvin didn't speak in this pause. He looked at her silently.

"So, when this opportunity landed on me, it felt like winning the goddamn lottery. No more settling for jilling off to sexy phone calls. No more waiting weeks for my man to return to for full body sex." She gave his head a little shake. "Do you understand?"

Kelvin nodded, or tried to. Val released her grip, moving her hands to his shoulders.

"But he's your brother!!"

Val snorted and punched Kelvin's shoulder. "Incest is a rule to keep hillbilly halfwits from making genetic failure babies. The only baby I'll ever carry is yours. My brothers..."

"Brothers? Both?" 

"My brothers are a safe, loving, secure way to get fucked until I see fucking stars and make noises only fucking dogs can hear. Having them and you has made me happier than I've been in years." Tears started dribbling down her cheeks. Val leaned in and kissed her husband with more tenderness. This time Kelvin returned the pleasure, pulling his nude wife in close.

Val broke away, grinning. She wiped her damp cheeks with swipes of her palms. "Now, buster, you interrupted a particularly fine evening of sex. I'm horny as hell and think you need to make amends." She began tugging his shirt loose of his pants.

Kelvin's eyebrows quirked. He looked at me and Linda. "Now? All of us?"

Val nodded, which Kelvin couldn't see because she pulled his shirt up over his head at the same time. "Remember your big story of sex with twins in Reykjavik? The one that gets me howling hot every time I hear it? Just think of Linda as my twin sister, except for being taller. With black hair. And being of Japanese ancestry." She scooted to the floor to better attack Kelvin's shoes.

Shoes off. Socks gone. Pants pulled off. Linda's hands roamed my torso and crotch, keeping above my clothes, keeping the tease building. Her breathing grew heavy as we watched.

With an over-shoulder smirk at us, Val peeled down Kelvin's boxers and pulled him to his feet. Except for the Mediterranean swarthiness, Kelvin looked more like Val's brother than I did. A pair of slim, toned and wiry peas in a pod. His cock stood out like a red hot rapier; long and thin. He blushed under the scrutiny.

And then a rapid knocking hit my front door. Our heads snapped around like a herd of startled antelope on the savannah. I stood and adjusted my shirt. "I'm the only one dressed. You three scoot to the bedroom." 

"You always have the most exciting social gatherings, honey." Linda pecked me on the cheek. "Don't dally."

The three stampeded away in a shimmering flurry of flesh, Val and Linda pulling a confused, but eager, Kelvin. Another rapid fire series of knocks drummed the front door. I waited until the bedroom door closed before seeing who the impatient visitor might be. 

Jessie Esposito nearly rapped my forehead when I opened. She bounced inside. And when I say "bounced", I am not exaggerating. I met Jessie at Val and Kelvin's wedding about six years ago. She'd turned from a skinny rake of a teenager into the spitting image of her mother. Breasts like basketballs and curves that would make any sex symbol of fifty years ago green with envy. The purple streaks in her ear-length walnut brown hair and the two nose rings wiped away any other comparison to vintage pinup girls, though.

"Hi Zach!" Jessie spun to a stop in my studio, looking around. "I need a pen! You need a pen, actually."

"Uh...hi, Jessie." I smiled at the hyperactive twenty year-old. "Need to make a grocery list?"

Jessie grabbed my shirt in two handfuls and looked up at me with wide eyes. "You know Cindy and Marita! And they know you! I am SO fucking jealous." She looked down where my boner tented my sweats and poked her lower stomach. "Nice to see you too, but I'm allergic to those things."

She let me go and went over to look at the caddies on my desk. "Can we use one of these pens?"

"What are you babbling about?" I took an expensive drafting pen out of her hand and replaced it where it belonged. I plucked out a plain and simple marker. 

"I saw Cindy outside and followed her inside." Jessie started to unbuckle her belt. "I love Cindy! She almost brushed me off as a loser fangirl when I mentioned I was here with my fam to see you. And that got me in!"

Jessie trembling fingers finally managed to get the belt loose and she pried at the buttons of her pants. I trusted an answer would blurt out before too much longer.

"Cindy took me up and I met Marita! I love her too! I almost died right there in the hall. I may move in with you."

"Why are you stripping, Jessie?"

She shoved her pants and panties to her ankles, exposing lovely legs, a tightly trimmed set of dark pubes and a great ass. "Okay, okay. Marita's husband is a smartass. He came up with this bet that if I could get three signatures directly on my ass, Cindy and Marita would do lingerie selfies with me!" A wordless squee noise came out of her as she bent over, presenting a luscious pale full moon to me. "So, sign!"

I swallowed. My cock did not fade a moment, despite the claim of Jessie's "allergies". My monkey brain didn't care anything about sexual orientations. My monkey brain only told my cock about the sight and smell of a randy young woman exposing her cunt. I felt hot desire to grab those hips and bounce my groin off that ass for an hour or so.

"C'mon, c'mon. The view is not for you." Jessie looked backwards over her shoulder. "Girls only."

I took a shuddering breath, feeling my balls getting bluer by the minute. Her tone and demands went from absurd and cute to damned annoying. She had hit the wrong button in my brain and my face scrunched up in dark thought.

"No." I gave hooked my thumbs in my waist band and gave my sweats a push. They puddled around my ankles. My penis waved in the air. "My autograph doesn't come for free."

"What?" Jessie glanced back and her eyes went wide. "Hey! What the hell?" She started to stand up. I reached and placed a palm on the small of her back, covering some tribal tramp stamp, keeping her bent over. 

"Here's my offer. 'Zach' has four letters. I get exactly four strokes into that juicy lesbian cunt and you get all four letters of my name on your ass."

"Fuck off!" She waddled away, shuffling with her pants around her ankles and stood up.

I shrugged, putting the cap back on the pen with an elaborate motion. "All the best of luck with your scavenger hunt. And, sorry, but you'll have to find a pen of your own." I stepped out of my pants. Me and my lesbian sister-in-law (once removed), nude from the waist down.

"You're a complete fuckin' bastard." Jessie glared hot magma at me.

"Next time I have coffee with Cindy, I'll explain how you chickened out. That even her million dollar body wearing only some wispy lace wasn't enough incentive for you."

Jessie's left eye twitched. She gulped, then glared at me. "Four strokes and nothing more?"

I raised my hand, crossed my heart and stuck it out. Jessie shook it, her eyes taking on a hard glitter. A definite possibility of dark vengeance waited my future for this deal. She resumed her stance, bent over at the waist, hands on knees. 

I ran my hands over the sleek white cheeks, caressing and lightly massaging. The aroma coming up from her cunt had the same potency. Keeping skin contact, I moved my right hand to cup her slit, massaging the lips. Nice and wet.

"Get on with it." Her words sounded hard, but the tone had a rough breathlessness. Well, caressing hands and fingers were cross-gender. I stepped up, holding her hip with my left hand and lining up my red hot erection in my right. The tip of my penis danced on the fluttering lips.

"Has there ever been one of these in you?"

"Not for at least three years."

I sank in with smooth, slow force. Hot buttery cunt gripped my cock. Hot buttery lesbian twenty-year old cunt gripped my cock. I took hold on those voluptuous hips and pushed my way as deep as I could, my pubic hairs crushed into the mounds of her butt cheeks. My pulse did a thunderclap from the tip of my hard-on to the top of my skull.
