 Sophia opened the door and walked in to Roger's house, as she had done so many times before over the last decade. Roger's parents basement, had served as the group's communal lair, their Hall of Justice, their Batcave, their TARDIS, for the last decade. Next week, all that was coming to an end.

As she entered, she saw Roger's mom, gathering her purse and keys in the hall. "Oh, hi, Sophia. Roger and James are already downstairs." she said, with a smile. "I'm late for my yoga. You kids have fun!"

"Hey, Ms. D. Enjoy your yoga class!" Sophia said, making way for the middle-aged woman to get to the door. Sophia was petite, so making sufficient space was easy, even in the Rogers cramped entranceway.

"Listen to me," Ms. Davidson said, shaking her head and making a disapproving sound. "Still saying, 'you kids', and each of you is now 18 years of age or older, and heading off to College next week. Good luck!" she said, smiling and hurrying out the door.

Sophia smiled, and waved to the rapidly closing door, before she started to slide off her sneakers. It was true; a week from now, the band of five friends that had been inseparable since Grade 5 was scattering to the winds. They hadn't talked about it, as a group, but it had gnawed at Sophia.

Roger, James, Luke, and Sophia. She'd known her friends for almost as long as she'd known herself, if not longer. They co-ordinated Hallowe'en costumes, played Mario Cart and Smash Brothers, helped each other in school. It was the end of an era, with the four of them headed off.

She padded down the stairs into Roger's room. The entire downstairs was surrendered to the Davidson's only son, making it a huge clubhouse for the four of them. Two comfortably worn leather easy chairs, a pull-out couch, and three bean-bag chairs made seating them all easy. Posters adored each wall -- Link and Zelda, Mario and Peach, Lord of the Rings, Dungeons & Dragons and World of Warcraft. She could close her eyes and recreate the room exactly in her mind; she spent at least half her waking life here, when she wasn't in school.

Roger was already down here, of course. He and James half-heartedly played at Smash Brothers Melee, obviously killing time as much as each other. Sophia arrived just in time to hear James cry, "Aaaand, that's so lame!" and the game to ring in with, "KO"!

She couldn't help but smile. "Samus Spam?"

"It's the only way he knows how to win." James complained, punching Roger in the shoulder.

"It's hardly an unbeatable tactic." Roger countered. "It's not like Samus is some unstoppable force of Smash Brothers oppression."

Sophia climbed over the back of the couch, taking position between her friends, and retrieved a controller from the floor. The game announced the arrival of a new challenger. "Where's Luke?"

James shrugged. "He said they he was coming. Luke's Mom is being weird. They had another going-away breakfast this morning."

Roger nodded, while Sophia contorted her face in pain. "Did she cry again?" Sophia asked.

"Mah bay-bee!" James called out, impersonating James' overwrought mother. "Oh, mah gawd, I can't bee-leeve it..." he said, shaking his head as his body wracked with fake sobs. Roger laughed, while Sophia snorted. "Did she not think he would get in, or something...? I mean, she should probably have seen this coming."

Sophia nodded, but couldn't help but think that the same caveat would apply to her. None of her friends seemed affected by their upcoming parting. She was starting to wonder if it was a "girl thing", a thought that upset her more, if anything.

Since she was eleven, her father had 'warned' her, on a regular basis, about the kind of reputation a girl gets from hanging out with boys. He'd continued to buy her new makeup and dresses, jewelry, scented bath oils and shampoo, all of which she accepted, wore, and used, while continuing to play video games, watch horror and action movies, and enjoy fantasy novels. Her mother had defended her many times -- "She's just not like that, Douglas -- lots of fathers would love a little bit more ... rambunctiousness, from their daughters!" -- but her father had never understood, and was always uncomfortable with her spending "hours and hours and hours in that basement with those boys, doing God knows what".

In truth, obviously, the hours and hours in the basement were nowhere near her father's terrified imaginings. Far more Mario Party was played than strip poker. Sophia had tried to connect with girls her age, but had found their conversations troublingly empty. No -- not empty, that wasn't fair. Sophia was sure that the girls enjoyed their fashion, hair, makeup and men every bit as much as she enjoyed discussing if MissingNo should be considered part of the Generation One roster, or if Other M was just a terrible game, or the most terrible. But makeup and hair weren't her topics of conversation.

"You are not in this game." Roger said, kicking her thigh with the balls of his feet. Sophia blinked, and glanced at him, and back at her screen. Samus, it seems, had blasted her Fox to about 60%, while remaining virtually unharmed; James, of course, was already KO'd. She frowned; she was unused to losing at the game. She focused her attention, and was able to recover sufficiently that Roger's inevitable victory was barely eked out, instead of effortless.

Luke made his way down the basement stairs then. Sophia waved, and he nodded to acknowledge her. Luke's eyes were just a touch red, as if perhaps the breakfast with his mother had reached him, just a little.

Luke took position on the arm of the couch, pushing Roger over. Sophia shifted herself to fit, putting her legs across Roger's lap and tucking her feet under Luke's legs, as she leaned on James with her upper body.

After a few rounds, attention drifted in the game. Sophia won as often as she lost, although Roger remained the best out of all of them. As they played, they discussed upcoming events in the Marvel Universe, perfect casting choices, and their tempered excitement for the movies that DC had to offer. Luke was much more knowledgeable than the others in the comic-book world, but that wasn't enough to prevent heated debates about interpretations, or reinterpretations, of the characters. With interest in Smash Brothers at low point, James (perpetually stuck in the loser's bracket) suggested they put on the Game of Thrones, so they did. They quipped lines back and forth, letting the episode drift by as James explained the sometimes substantial differences from the books, until a long sequence began where several of the female characters, scantily clad, tempted one of the men to partake of their womanly pleasures.

A strange silence hung in the air. Sophia had always noticed her friends still got a little weird around her, when naked breasts showed up. They could talk sex; she had no problem discussing which actress or character was the hottest, or the most outrageously shaped. But the actual images -- the girls, crawling across the bed seductively -- always caused her friends to clam up and avoid eye contact with her.

Then, as she adjusted her legs, she felt something rub against the upper part of her calf. She furrowed her eyes, as she moved her leg again, wondering what it was. It felt almost as if Roger had left a stress-ball in his pocket; whatever pressed against her felt firm yet yielding. She glanced from the movie to Roger's face, and saw his eyes wide with nervousness, surprise, and excitement. He looked slowly over to her, as she adjusted her leg again, and then couldn't help but smile, broadly.

"Roger ... do you have a boner?" Sophia asked, rubbing her bare leg against the crotch of Roger's pants, and through them, what she was sure was the head of his penis.

Roger turned a bright red almost immediately, and all faces in the room swiveled to watch the exchange. Sophia immediately felt terrible for having centered the often-shy Roger out for attention, but she couldn't get the broad grin off her face. "Fuck off." Roger murmured, trying to adjust out from under Sophia's legs.

"No, no!" she said, and motioned for the others to stop sniggering. "No, it's okay, man. It was hawt. I'd probably have gotten hard, too."

"Girls can't get boners." James immediately countered, from behind her. She glanced back, to look at his face, even as she practically pinned Roger to the couch with her legs. So this is what a cock feels like, she thought.

It's not like she had no experience with penises (penisi?). At one of the school dances, she'd been slow-dancing with Danny Mitchell when he put his hand on her butt, and she'd definitely felt ... something, but that was through his jeans, and her jeans. Roger was just wearing casual pants, since it was his basement after all, and she felt it pressing against her bare leg through the loose fabric.

"Well, duh. But girls can get turned on." She glanced around, and saw that most of her friends had disbelieving looks on their faces. Her face contorted with surprise. "Seriously? Hell yeah. You get all ... well, wet, down there. It gets all ready without your permission. Same thing. Ruins panties." She emphasized her point with a nod.

"Yeah, but nobody can tell on a girl." Luke said. "I mean, with a guy, everyone can see."

Sophia nodded. "True. You all wouldn't have known, if I hadn't said something."

"You wouldn't have known," Luke responded, "if Roger wasn't pressin' his junk against your leg."

Everyone -- except Roger -- laughed. He renewed his efforts to get up, and Sophia set her hand on his shoulder. He shrugged it off, and forced his way up; Sophia noticed the bulge in his pants seemed impressively large, but wasn't sure how to say that to a friend. Roger glared angrily at her. "There, see? Yeah. Yeah, I have a boner. You happy now?"

Sophia found herself continuing to watch the bulge in Roger's pants as it stood full and proud at attention, seemingly without shame -- not that he had anything to be embarrassed about. "Uhm. Yes?" she answered, and everybody (again, except Roger) laughed, a little nervously.

Roger looked like he was about to turn, to storm off to his bedroom, when Sophia realized she was reaching out towards him. Without thinking, she blurted out, "Can I see it?"

The room around her went quiet, and still. Sophia blinked, and realized what she'd just said. Nervously, she licked her lips, as she looked up to Roger's face. "I mean, I've never, like ... seen one. I mean, in real life. I've seen one, but not ... a real one."

Roger met Sophia's gaze. He seemed a little unsure of her request, not sure if she was setting him up, or mocking him. She nodded, just a little, and she heard James, behind her, settle into the couch just a little more. Luke climbed off the arm of the couch, getting out from between Sophia and Roger.

A tension hung in the air, one that the group had studiously avoided for years now. Girlfriends had come and gone -- more for Luke, fewer for James -- and Sophia had been on a few dates, although her father would have had a fit if she'd "gone steady" with anyone. When sex scenes came on in movies, the four of them heckled their way through them, keeping the tension low, avoiding the topic. They'd gone from changing into bathing suits in front of each other to taking turns in the bathroom getting changed; Sophia had noticed their bodies changing, and occasionally had felt their eyes on her curves, as well.

The question hung in the air, thus far unanswered. Sophia nodded again, light and encouraging, and she noticed Luke nodding, out of the corner of her eye.

"Go ahead, man," James said. "You've got nothing to hide."

"Yeah," she heard Luke say, from off to her side. "Just ... let her look."

Roger nodded, slowly, seeming to appreciate the acceptance of his friends. He hooked his thumbs under the waistband of his loose-fitting casual pants, and pulled them down.

His cock sprang up, and Sophia felt her mouth drop open, and her hand come up to cover it. Roger's cock curved up and slightly to the left, instead of being arrow-straight. It was a wonderful flesh-colour, of course, but not quite pale, instead being just a little darker than the skin around it. Roger's pubic hair was dark in color, and full around the base, and Sophia could see his tentacles, pulled up snugly at the base. The tip was a dark, royal purple, and gave the impression, somehow, of being ... full.

Sophia pulled herself up to seated on the couch, pulling away from James, behind her. She leaned forward, half-over the edge of the couch where Luke had sat, resting a hand there, and lean on it for support. She caught herself as her other hand reached out, half-way across the gap between the sofa and where Roger stood. She felt a tingle between her legs, an enticing bubbling sensation, as she felt her sex become intensely interested in what was happening, and for not the first time she was glad that if she had a hard-on, it wouldn't show.

Her eyes flicked off the cock for only a moment, up to Roger's face. He was obviously nervous, and biting his lip, intently watching Sophia's every motion. She pointed to his cock, as her eyes returned to it. "...can I touch it?" she asked.

Behind her, she heard James adjust his position on the couch. Luke leaned over the couch, as if he was straining to see for himself.

"Uh ... yeah. Sure." Roger said. Sophia could hear in his voice that he was trying not to sound eager, trying to force nonchalance into his manner, despite his obvious eagerness.

As Sophia reached out for Roger's cock, she climbed down from the couch, so she could reach him. On her knees in front of him, the tips of her fingers made hesitant contact with his shaft. It was rigid, the flesh firm, and she couldn't help but think of the term hard-on, and she felt herself smile. She ran her fingertips along the shaft, from the mid to the base, feeling how surprisingly warm it was. She shifted her legs, which had grown slick from her juices, and she felt herself blush slightly, hoping her friends didn't notice. She heard Roger exhale a shaky breath. She glanced up, her eyes full of worry. She didn't know anything about penises; were you only supposed to stroke them in one direction? Roger met her gaze, and nodded, as he said, "Wow, that ... feels great," giving a nervous smile.

She felt herself smile broadly, and Roger's own smile widened to match. "I'm glad." she said. "I ... don't really know what I'm doing." she admitted, sheepishly, as she wrapped her hand around Roger's member. "It feel so ... solid. Does it feel heavy?"

"I think they all do right now." Luke chimed in, and everybody laughed. Sophia looked around the room. James, seated on the couch still, had his hands in his lap, which did little to conceal the obvious bulge there, while Luke over the couch, showing no shame about the large tent he was showing in his pants.

Sophia pulled downward slightly on Roger's cock as she looked about, and felt a resistance, there. Releasing it, it pulled itself back to erect, and twitched a little. No, not twitched -- throbbed.

Sophia's mouth felt thick with saliva, and she swallowed. "Is this...?" she asked the room, turning to all of them, worried someone would be embarrassed, or think this was too much, but all her friends shook their head.

"No no!" Roger answered, and set his hand on the side of her head. He stroked her long bangs out of her face as she looked up at him, and she felt a shiver run through her body, originating between her legs. "It's ... good." he continued, maintaining eye contact with her, as she looked up from her crouched position on her knees.

"I ... I'm gonna ... kiss it." Sophia said, and she felt her heart skip a beat. She spread her knees on the floor, and felt her juices gush, soaking her panties and probably her shorts. She moved her head in towards Roger's cock, and it twitched with eagerness as her hot breath ran down it.

"Oh, oh God yes." Roger moaned.

Sophia shuffled closer, her knees now to either side of Roger's ankles, her head immediately in front of his proud phallus, which twitched and surged with a life of its own just in front of her lips. She licked her lips, anticipating his taste, and the cock jerked, suddenly, in response. She noticed his balls had tightened up even more, that the testes barely hung down at all now, as she pressed her lips to the head of Roger's cock.

The texture of Roger's cockhead was spongy and soft, not entirely unlike someone's lips, but at the same time, it was unlike kissing lips in every other way. She pressed, and felt her lips part a little to make way for the tip of Roger's full shaft to slide into her mouth. Sophia hesitated another moment, then inhaled through her nose, taking in the full, eager, scent of one of her best friends, before parting her lips and letting his cock slide into her mouth.

It was full and firm and it tasted of flesh and sweat, which was wonderful. Sophia reached up, and set her left hand gently on Roger's thighs, the better to resist the temptation to reach down and touch herself. Her right hand wrapped around Roger's thick shaft far more confidently than before, and she held it firmly, ready to guide more of its length into her mouth when the mood struck her. She rested the head on top of her tongue, and savoured the salty-sweet taste of it. She heard herself murmur, and felt the cock surge in response; it felt for a moment like it grew it her mouth, and she relished the sensation. She curled up the tip of her tongue as she had when French-kissing before, and it slid easily along the bottom of Roger's wide shaft; she felt a robust vein there, and the traced her tongue up and down its length.

Her eyes were closed, and she wasn't entirely sure when she closed them, but she felt Roger's hands burying themselves in her hair, now. As he did so, it spilled around her face, and Roger gave a stifled moan above her, cupping the back of her head with his hands. She nodded, the leaned her head to the side, allowing the tip of the cock to rub against her cheek, and Roger audibly groaned in response, as she felt the head of his cock swell, again.

"Oh, God, Soph ... That, what you're doing..." Roger said, concern obvious in his voice. Alarmed, Sophia jerked her head back from Roger's cock, leaving a trail of spittle from it's head to her lips, that she wiped away with her arm.

"I'm sorry!" she said, biting her lip. "Did I nick it, with my teeth? I was trying not to. I'm sorry, that probably wasn't very good, right?" she asked, glancing around the room, hoping nobody was upset.

"No, Soph..." Roger said, shaking his head firmly. "That was amazing!"

Luke and James nodded their agreement, as Luke said, "Fuck, yes. That was the hottest thing I've ever seen!"

As Sophia ran a finger over the corner of her mouth, she smirked, and blushed a little sheepishly. "I'm glad you all liked it." Sophia said meekly. She turned to look at Luke and James. Luke was leaning over the couch, so that he could easily watch while Sophia was blowing Roger, but James had slid himself forward, and his pants were showing a major tent. Sophia felt her gaze become fixed there, watching James' bulge, and she felt her little pink tongue flick over her lips. She adjusted her legs, the ache between her legs having grown to an uncomfortable tension.

"Can, uhm ..." she started, timidly, pointing with one finger at James' pants. James nodded furiously, and began to undo his pants, and she raised her gaze up to Luke. When their eyes met, Sophia nodded, and Luke climbed over the back of the couch, undoing his belt at the same time.
