 ==============================

Gamer Goddess Surrenders

As mentioned in chapter 1, this story is very online-gaming-centric. It uses a lot of concepts, vocabulary and acronyms from games, especially Diablo 3, which this story revolves around.

This chapter's a little less voyeuristic than the first two, so I went with the Group Sex category. It's just a recurring threesome. Could have been Romance, Erotic Couplings or even Loving Wives. I even gave thought to First Time, although 'technically' it wasn't her first. I'm sure you, the reader will let me know if I got it wrong.

==============================

I had one last checkup with my doctor, and was given strict directions on how to take care of my wounds. I was forced to take the obligatory wheelchair ride, with a large escort. Dan, Jaime, Sandy, Maria, Angela, even Carolyn, Sheri's Mom. I was kind of disappointed that Sheri wasn't there.

Sandy leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "Cheer up, handsome. How about a little smile. You're finally free."

I forced a smile and Angela grabbed my hand and gave me a squeeze. "Lousy timing asshole. All the excitement, and I'm stuck in Spain. Next time give a girl a little heads up, Ok?"

I laughed. "Sorry. What was I thinking? I promise, no more late night stabbings unless you're no more than a couple of hours away. Deal?"

"No more late night stabbings period, dickbreath. Do I have to take you home and lock you in my attic, to keep you safe?"

"Maybe just on Tuesdays and Thursdays," I told her, grinning.

"You know Tuesdays and Thursdays are Mark's training nights."

"Yes I do."

She grinned, looking around at the crowd walking with us. "What are you saying, rotten man?"

"Maybe you and me should spend some more time together," I teased.

She leaned down and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "I thought you didn't like Maria and me. Stealing your guys away."

I grabbed her hand, holding it. "I've been an ass. You know my issues. Forgive me?"

Her smile was touching. "Nothing to forgive. Good to see you back. I think we all owe your girl a lot."

"Tuesdays and Thursdays?" I chuckled.

"Right. I heard what she did to the last guy that messed with you. No chance I'm getting on her bad side." She squeezed my hand. "Besides, you couldn't handle this."

I was loaded into the Limo, Mark driving again, with Dan, Jaime, Maria and Angela joining me in the spacious interior. I was still sore and tender, and looked at Dan. His face was a rainbow of bruises.

"Gotta tell you, buddy. The new look is an improvement."

"Eat shit and die, asshole," he laughed.

I had left Jaime alone, most of the last week, but the opportunity was too good. "Sheri tells me that one of those guys hit you so hard, he left you crying like an 8 year old. Tiny little girl beating the hell out of the bunch of 'em, and you're watering the alley."

He blushed before responding. "Tears of laughter. Seeing you lying there like a little bitch, whining over a few pin-pricks, while you left your girlfriend to the do the heavy lifting. Just like in game."

That got a laugh out of everyone. I was out of practice, on the losing end against Jaime of all people. What was the world coming to?

We talked a little about our latest business venture, which Dan, Jaime and Mark were all invested in. Angela handled Mark's money and investments so the entire team was together for the first time in a week. I got updated on the status of our deal, with the papers signed, and first cash payments paid out, we were putting one of our guys on staff, and doing some deeper research into their technology. It had Jaime working with them on site, and Dan attending their staff meetings. 

We hadn't been this involved in a new business effort in years. Then again, $40 million was a lot of money. My share was almost a quarter of my worth, a huge risk. Oddly, I hadn't given it a thought in the last week, even with all my free time.

We pulled up to the Carlyle, where I learned that Dan had moved me into one of their two-bedroom suites, with a remarkable view of Madison Avenue. I was a little nervous about the expense. Sure, money wasn't a problem, but a couple of weeks there would probably buy a luxury car.

Dan reassured me the cost was reasonable, only around two grand, unlike the central tower suites which ran better than $8k a day. What a bargain.

Inside the lobby, I said goodbye to everyone except Dan who escorted me to my suite. He handed me my keycard, and gave me a pat on the shoulder. "Don't strain yourself. Take it easy for a few days. Use the amenities here, you're paying for them."

"Office setup?"

"Complete. New gear, matching your old, Jaime configured everything. You're good to go."

I opened the door, and he stayed behind. I looked at him curiously, but he just grinned. "You got it from here."

I walked past a small kitchenette and powder room into the luxurious living room. It wasn't going to be too tough to stick it out a while. Beautifully laid out, tasteful furniture, fireplace, and a stunning view from the 12th floor. I saw a door to my left, and looked in to a fully furnished office. The bed had been removed, and dual desks had been installed, face to face, each fully outfitted with a computer station and 32" monitors.

Back through the living room, I found the entrance to the bedroom. I opened the door and smiled.

"Hey sailor, in port for long?" Sheri asked, stretched out on the king-size bed.

She was wearing one of her new outfits, a cobalt blue lace halter style babydoll, that showed off her beautiful breasts to their best advantage. Mostly sheer, with flowery designs throughout.

"They'll let anybody in this place, won't they?"

"You don't know the half of it. I had to fight off half-a-dozen sluts to keep you to myself."

"You've always been a hell of a fighter."

"Miss me?" she asked, squirming sexily.

"You have no idea, gorgeous."

She laughed sweetly. "I'd say I have a very good idea."

She got up, and slipped into my arms. She tilted her head up and I kissed her, softly at first, then more passionately, until I groaned under the pain of a tight hug. I'd have to remind her to avoid the actual wounds. Wasn't worth interrupting the hug over.

"Pussy," she teased, working my tie, and the buttons of my shirt free. I was dressed casually, clothing the guys had brought me for the trip home, so I wouldn't be stuck wearing my tux.

My torso was completely wrapped, and she walked around me, her hands fluttering against my skin, her lips pressing against my back. "Don't you ever scare me like that again," she whispered.

"I'll try not to."

Her lips pressed against my shoulder, as her arms wrapped around my body, undoing my belt and opening my pants. 

I had been told she was past her contact-with-males issue, but this was still surprising. She dropped to her knees, leaned over and untied my laces. She nudged my leg up, and pulled off my shoes, one at a time. Still on her knees, she pulled my pants down, leaving me in my boxers and socks.

Sheri drew me over to the bed, getting me to sit, and removed my socks. She ran her hands slowly up my legs, gently, lovingly. At my thighs she looked up at me. "You gave me this. This ability." She leaned over and kissed my skin, tenderly.

I lay back and relaxed while she took her time becoming acquainted with my body. She avoided my boxers but a few minutes later her lips were on my neck, her soft body pressed against mine. My face was bathed in kisses, before her lips finally met mine. 

I don't know how long we spent there, quietly kissing, our lips joined, our breath one. Her tongue was gentle and tentative, then more forceful, teasing, battling, exploring.

Our lips separated, my eyes boring into hers. "I love you, Sheri."

She grinned. "No shit, Sherlock. I think you've made that pretty obvious. The whole fucking city knows about it by now. The man who'd fight three guys for his girl, ending up half-dead in the hospital for a week."

"If you hadn't destroyed that one guy, I doubt it would have been newsworthy."

She kissed me again. "I'm yours, big guy. What are you going to do with me?" She got up on her knees, and peeled off her top, sitting there in small blue lace panties. I started to rise, but she pushed me back down and brought her tits to my face. "The girls have been dying for this moment," she giggled.

I kissed, fondled, and sucked away to my heart's content. She appeared to enjoy it, moaning sweetly. Her nipples were hard, standing up proud, and received more than their share of attention.

Sheri backed away, and moved off of me. She pulled off her panties, then moved to my waist and pulled my boxers down. She was staring at my hard cock, and her hand moved forward tentatively, a single finger reaching out and touching me cautiously. She kept her eyes on it, lying down beside me, her fingers floating across my skin. 

Her breath was loud, heavy. She wrapped her fingers around my shaft and shivered. I held her close, my hand stroking her back.

"Relax, baby. We don't have to do everything at once," I told her.

She shook her head. "I want to. I need to, Steve."

Sheri scooted down for a better view, her hand stroking me ever-so-slowly. Her grip loosened, and she curled her hand around the crown, her palm smearing my pre-cum across the head.

"It feels so weird," she murmured. "An iron rod, wrapped in velvety skin. Hard and soft." She looked up at me. "I want to do it. Can we?"

"I'd love to," I confessed. "You're sure?"

"Absolutely."

I'd love to say it was the greatest ever. The culmination of all my dreams. Perfection personified.

It was horrible.

She straddled me nervously, holding me upright. She lowered herself and as soon as my skin touched hers, she started shaking and was soon sobbing, crying inconsolably. I drew her down into my arms, and she pulled away, rolling onto her side, her back to me. 

I left her alone for a few moments, before placing my hand on her shoulder. When she didn't struggle, I closed in behind her, holding her. I didn't say anything.

She got herself together and turned into my arms, pressing her head into my neck. "I'm sorry. It'll get better."

I hushed her. "We're rushing things. Take it easy. I love being here with you. Don't force it. I love you and I'm in no hurry. I'm going to spend the rest of my life with you, Angel. Time is not an issue."

"I...I thought I was ready."

We cuddled, kissed, and I was surprised when she wanted to try again. It was only slightly better. I actually settled the head between her lips before she lost it.

After that, we stayed in bed for a while, holding each other, before getting up. I was suffering a pretty bad case of blue-balls, but wasn't about to say anything. 

We got dressed, and had a meal in the restaurant. I sent her off to the spa for some spoiling and relaxation, while I returned to the suite and checked on emails, trying to get a little work done.

She was in a great mood when she returned to the suite. She was glowing, laughing, and leaped into my arms, stealing a kiss.

"Game time?" I asked.

"Hell yeah! We need to kick Diablo's ass in inferno. You've been slacking and we're behind."

She got comfortable, wearing a t-shirt and panties. I dressed in shorts and a jersey. Turned out she'd had time to get setup, had her home keyboard and mouse hooked up. Our machines where back-to-back, and we sat down, facing each other. If I sat up high, I could see her over the top of the monitor.

The guys were online, and Dan offered to sit out the final battle. He'd already completed it solo, and with a couple of teams. For the rest of us it would be the first time.

We started about 3 save points from the end, to get warmed up. Half-an-hour later we were ready to face the final nemesis. With all the issues we had getting there, he went down remarkably easily, taking only about 5 minutes. We worked like a well-oiled machine, the two cannons firing from a distance, while Cherry and I took care of the melee. We had to be careful, and timed our moves to the animations, warning us before each of his big moves, giving us a chance to interrupt them. None of us died. When he went down, we were whooping it up, laughing. The loot was nothing to brag about, but we'd done it. End game.

We bowed out of team play, and Sheri and I switched to our softcore alts, and went after him again. It was a little more difficult, with me running my Demon-hunter and Cherry playing her barbarian. It took a good 10 minutes, and it was close a couple of times, but we did take him down, talking throughout, planning our strategies, advising each other on our strategies and planned moves.

I was ready to do some hardcore farming, when Sheri insisted on a break. "We're going to dinner," she told me.

I was a little surprised. I thought we'd just spend some time together, relaxing but I realized my life wasn't my own anymore. We got dressed, with Sheri taking only about half-an-hour to get ready. My preparations were simple enough. Shirt, slacks and tie, another dose of pain-killers. Turned out we had reservations in-house. We were escorted to a candle-lit table, where Sandy and Robert were waiting. They both stood and welcomed us with hugs.

Dinner was pretty amazing. The company was wonderful. Robert and I discussed what we did for a living. He was a lawyer, and I was stunned. The first lawyer I'd met that I could stand, to be honest. I even told him as much, and he laughed. He knew every lawyer joke ever made, and regaled us with a few. Robert was in mergers and acquisitions, and was familiar with the legal team I'd worked with on our latest investment. I knew that in the future, Robert's firm would at least get a shot at working with me.

We lingered over our second bottle of wine and coffee. They were fun to be with, comfortable. I was feeling no pain, literally, by the time we were ready to call it an evening.

I offered to have them come up and visit, but Robert excused himself. He kissed the girls goodbye, and insisted I meet with him for lunch in the upcoming week. 

Sandy agreed to join us, and we headed back up. I thought it was nice that the elevator operator, with his elegant white gloves, remembered us.

"Your floor, Mr. Jeffery?"

"Please," I glanced at his nametag, "William."

He nodded, tipped his hat to the ladies who were chatting quietly. In the room, we settled into the living room, and Sandy hopped on the phone, ordering champagne and a snack from room service.

I was sitting between the two beauties, when Sandy hung up the phone and pulled her dress all the way up to her waist before straddling me.

"So it didn't go so well the first time," she said nonchalantly. "What do you say we play around and see what she is comfortable with? We can work our way up to the big finale. Nobody here is in that big a rush are they?" She was grinding away on my lap, her arms casually resting on my shoulders, looking me in the eye.

"No hurry here," I told her. I looked over at Sheri, "That alright with you?"

She nodded slowly. "I'm sorry..."

Sandy leaned over and gave her a kiss on the lips, shutting her up. "No sorries, silly girl. We're both ecstatic to see how far you've gotten. No need to go crazy the first night. Let's drag it out."

She sat back upright, and ran her fingers through my hair. "Now don't think I'm selfish, but I figured maybe you both could play with me. Nobody seems to have a problem with that. Then anything you two want to do together can be an offshoot of that."

I think my grin was answer enough for her. She turned toward Sheri. "That work for you?"

Sheri leaned against me, reaching out and running her hand down Sandy's side. "I'd like that."

"Good," Sandy said. "The zipper's on the back. Undress me for your man."

Sheri stood up and moved behind her best friend. She slowly drew the zipper down, her lips brushing Sandy's shoulder as it was slowly uncovered. Then she gripped the bottom of Sandy's dress, and pulled it up and over her head, leaving her sitting on my lap, completely naked. 

"Oops!" Sandy giggled. "I guess I forgot underwear. I hope you both will forgive me."

Sheri dropped to her knees, her arms wrapped around Sandy's waist. I wish I could see what was going on behind her. I leaned forward and took a nipple in my mouth, sucking on it, feeling the nipple harden. She had amazing tits, high and firm, smaller than Sheri's but perfect on her body. 

The doorbell to the suite rang at that moment. Of course. Sheri stood, grabbed my jacked and wrapped it around Sandy's shoulders, then went to the door. A moment later a bellboy was wheeling in a cart, with a bottle of champagne, and a plate of chocolate covered cherries. Sheri signed for it, while the young man's eyes tried to burn a hole through Sandy's impromptu cover-up. She was leaning against me, still straddling my lap, her long, luscious legs exposed. Her head was resting on my shoulder, watching the poor boy. He walked the cart right into a chair, apologizing and blushing profusely. 

As soon as he was gone, Sandy hopped off of me, shedding the jacket. She grabbed the handle of the cart that had been left behind, and started steering it to the bedroom. "Let's go," she laughed, "and two people here are wearing way too much clothing."

In minutes there were three of us naked on the bed, cuddling and kissing, with Sandy in the middle. Sheri and I took turns kissing and feeding her, then kissing and feeding each other. If we spent too much time away from Sandy, she reminded us.

It was better. Playful, casual. Lots of touching and fondling, kissing and licking. Nothing overtly sexual, except for a lot of breast play. 

I was achingly hard, and Sandy was kind enough to notice. "Did you try to blow him earlier?" she asked her cousin.

Sheri shook her head no.

"Well I'm going to. If you want, come on down here. Any time you feel like helping, jump in."

With no more adieu than that, she squirmed her way down the bed, and took me in her mouth. Sheri laughed. "Looks like you're pretty comfortable down there."

Sandy pulled off with a loud sucking pop. "Twice a day for the last few, thanks to you. You'd get him all worked up, and leave me to clean up after you. Looks like you did it again. He's ready to pop any moment."

Sheri blushed. "Damn! I...I guess I should have helped him finish when I couldn't go through with the whole thing."

Sandy giggled. "No sweat. Good for him to get teased a bit. We spoil him too much anyway. We'll finish this one off quick, and then we have the whole night ahead of us." She gave me a lick. "Kiss it?" she said to Sheri.

Sheri leaned over and pressed her lips quickly to the shaft. She looked up at me, grinning, and brought her face down again, kissing it more slowly, several small kisses, working her way upward, until she placed a kiss on the very top.

Sandy moved in and did the same on the opposite side, her final kiss extended, her lips slowly opening, as she took me into her mouth. She bobbed up and down a couple of times, then pulled back, and pointed my cock toward Sheri.

Sheri was a little hesitant, but she kissed the crown a couple of times, her tiny tongue reaching out and running along the bottom ridge, making me moan. She looked up nervously, then smiled.

"Yeah, he enjoyed that. It takes a lot for me to get him to moan that way. I think he likes you," Sandy said.

It took a few minutes, with Sandy doing most of the work, but Sheri did, at one point, take me in her mouth for a moment, before pulling away. 

"Jesus, that was nice, Sheri," I gasped.

She giggled. "I'm hardly doing anything," she said.

"Maybe, but it's you doing it," I told her.

I was dying, and Sandy took pity on me. She sucked me for real, taking me deep, working her tongue. Sheri's hand reached down to the base, moving up and down just a couple of inches. 
