 The following story is fictional, all characters are consenting, and over the age of 18. Its also my first erotic story. Hope you enjoy it! 

*****

"Ok, never have I ever went skinny dipping." Said Alexa with exasperation. She had been trying to think of something to use ever since her previous round, but she hadn't been doing well so far, evident by the fact that she was the only person in the room sitting in her bra and panties. 

That didn't help. James just shrugged. "Always wanted to, never lived somewhere I could" he said as he turned to look at Lauren across from him and Alexis. Lauren was sitting next to her boyfriend Peter, and they both broke into grins and put down a finger. 

"Ok, so that just might be how we met." Lauren said as she pulled her shirt off over her head and Peter followed suit. 

"Ok, later we have to hear this." giggled Alexa as she turned and looked at James expectantly. 

"Ugh, its my turn now. Uhhhh, let me think" He stammered as he tried to think of something. So far he had done pretty well, he was the only one who hadn't put down a finger, but he wanted to widen his lead.

"Never have I ever wrecked a car." James finally said triumphantly as he looked at Peter.

"Goddamnit James. Just wait." He grumbled as he put down a finger and stood up to unbutton his jeans and slide them off. 

Alexa noticed his bulge as he threw his pants to the side and moved to sit back down. He definitely was erect, and Alexa wondered if she had anything to do with it. She had lost the first two rounds, and had been sitting in her underwear across from him for a while. She gave him a slight smile as he sat down. 

He caught her eye, and smiled back awkwardly, glancing over at her boyfriend James to make sure he didn't get caught eyeballing his girlfriend. To some degree, it was unavoidable considering the nature of their game, but he still didn't want to be obvious. 

"Ok. Never have I ever had sex in a car." said Lauren with a grin at James.

"Damnit. I never should have told you about that." he laughed as he pulled his shirt off.

"Oh, well thanks a lot hun." grumbled Peter with a smirk on his face as Lauren turned around and saw him pulling his boxers off.

"Wait what?! How do I not know about this?" she said with surprise as he sat back down with an obvious erection. 

"I'll tell you later, but firstly, now what? I'm out of fingers and clothes." He asked as he looked over and noticed Alexa biting her lip with her eyes locked on his erect penis. 

She quickly looked away and at everyone else to see if they had noticed, but Laura was also staring, and James was trying his best to look away. 

"We can always just make it a game of dare after we lose our clothes?" suggested Alexa as she shifted on the couch and folded her hands in her lap. 

"That sounds like a plan!" Said Lauren as she slid her hand across Peters thigh. 

"Ok then, its my turn then, never have I ever kissed a boy." He said with a grin at Lauren. 

"Woohoo I join the dare squad then!" Laughed Alexa as she unhooked her bra and let it fall, exposing her freckled breasts. 

"Well I'm not wearing panties, so I'm almost there as well." said Lauren slyly as she unbuttoned her jeans and slid them off showing nothing underneath. 

Peter grinned and glanced between the two girls, trying to not make his attention towards Alexa obvious. She had rolled onto her back on the couch and slid out of her panties, exposing a thin strip of red hair leading to her vulva. 

"Ok. My turn, never have I ever broken a bone." said Alexa as crossed her legs in front of her, and let her red braids fall over the front of her freckled shoulders. 

James stood up and slid off his shorts while giving Alexa a friendly scowl, and then he noticed Lauren looking towards him, and quickly glancing away, twirling her auburn hair in one hand. 

"Ok, thats me to, so who gives me a dare?" Questioned Peter as he nervously tried to hide his erection and glanced slightly over at Alexa. 

"It was my turn, so me. I dare you to pretend to give Lauren head. Not for real, just pretend to." Said Alexa with a smile as she slid her hands lower into her lap, and sat up, putting her legs underneath her indian style. 

Peter turned bright red and looked at Lauren, who started laughing. 

"Oh come on, its not for real, just for play. Its a harmless enough dare. Just no touching. Lets not actually turn this into an orgy or something." Said Lauren as she turned to face him and spread her legs apart. 

He nervously smiled, and bent down towards her open thighs looking into her eyes, this of course wasn't there first time doing this, even if this time it was just pretend, but it was the first time in front of others, so he was feeling about as awkward as possible. 

"Thats right, get in there and enjoy yourself Peter." Giggled Alexa as Peter got within a hairs breadth of Laurens smooth shaven pussy, and could smell her sweet sex. She was definitely aroused, and he could see the wetness glisten on her lips as he licked towards her exposed clit and blew air lightly across her lips. 

As he sat back up he grew even redder as he noticed everyone staring at them intently, and Alexa in particular locked her gaze again on his rigid erection. 

"Ok, so its my turn I guess." Said James, breaking the heavy silence between them all. 

"Never Have I ever been to a strip club." He said with a smirk as everyone groaned. 

"Damnit James, you know all our secrets" Joked Lauren as she unhooked her bra and let it fall exposing her large breasts, much to Peters excitement. 

"Ok, so we need a dare for both of us now." said Alexa as she lightly brushed her hand against her clit hidden from everyones notice by the way she was sitting. 

"OK, so Lauren and Peter did something pretend, but your a couple, so how about you and Alexa pretend to do something. Thats more of a real dare." Said James with a mischievous grin

Peter wasn't sure how Lauren would feel about that as he glanced over at her, but was surprised to see her grinning. "Yes, Peter. How about Alexa pretends to give you head. Lets see how you like being teased." She said as he glanced over at Alexa and saw a look of surprise on her face too. 

"I'm game if your game. Its just pretend after all." Said Alexa as she stood up from the couch on her side of the room and got on her knees across from Peter nervously, but with a smirk. 

"Well I guess if its a dare I don't have much choice then, lets go for it." Said Peter as she slinked closer and locked eyes with him smiling, licking her lips lightly. 

She started to reach for his erection, and then stopped, remembering that there was no actual touching, so she just leaned in, and gently blew on the tip of his erect penis, slowly working her way down to the base lightly blowing air on it as she went.

He reflexively bent his head back and groaned, having her so close to his penis felt amazing, every breath was a tickling tease, and then she surprised him. He felt her breath hotter, and closer, and he looked down to see the tip of his penis completely inside her mouth.

She still wasn't touching him, but the very tip of his penis was just between her lips, and her hot breath exhaled across his shaft, making him grip the side of the chair tightly. She was loving this. He was being driven crazy, and she hadn't even made contact with him. 

As Peter watched her beautiful red lips around his penis and the light freckled face staring up at him he noticed something else, her hand was between her legs and was stroking her clit at a steady rhythm. She was getting off on this!

She decided to get bolder, and she took his hard penis deeper into her mouth, but never touching the sides, just guiding him in lightly and exhaling faster and faster on his hard erection as she stroked her clit. suddenly he started to shudder and she realized just how turned on he was, and slowly she withdrew him from her mouth, but not slowly enough, and just lightly drug her lips across his shaft. 

He was holding back with all his might, but when he felt it, and he looked down and saw a deep red lipstick print half way down his shaft, he broke his control and spasmed once, twice, and again, orgasming with all his might, and ejaculating stream after stream of warm cum, with his hard dick still resting just beyond her lips. 

Quickly, he glanced over at Lauren and James, suddenly embarrassed and knowing the trouble he would be in, this was no longer pretending. But they were both distracted, apparently Lauren had spilled a drink and James was helping her clean it up, and they both had their backs to Alexa and Peter. 

When he looked back over at Alexa, she had quietly slid back away from his now flaccid penis, and was grinning sheepishly with a thick stream of cum dripping down the corner of her mouth. She locked eyes with him and slowly licked her red ruby lips, drawing the last bit of his cum into her mouth and safely out of sight. 

"Crap, we completely missed it. I spilled my wine on the carpet, well I guess you two will have to do it again." Joked Lauren as she turned around and sat down across from Peter.

"Yeah no, once was enough, you'll both just have to trust us." Laughed Alexa as she pulled back up onto the couch with her legs crossed under her. 

"Ok then, so it's my turn, never have I ever...wait, James is the only one with clothes on!? Does that mean he wins?" Lauren realized aloud, and glanced around at everyone for confirmation. 

"Why yes, yes it does!" Exclaimed James triumphantly. 

"No, We gotta keep the night going! A different game?" Piped Alexa excitedly as she rummaged around the end table for her glass of cranberry vodka. 

"Wait. don't you guys have a pool here?" Inquired Lauren with a sly grin. 

"Well yeah, but its closed after dark." Replied James.

"Well, the best skinny dipping requires climbing a fence." Piped in Peter as he jumped over the back of the couch and looked out the blinds of the window to see if anyone was in the parking lot.

"Coast is clear, its late enough everyones in probably in bed."

"Lets do it. And we can have a chicken fight!" Alexa exclaimed as she jumped off the couch and ran to the door, her small freckled breasts bouncing with every step. 

"Ok, but I need to match the rest of you for it to be proper skinny dipping." Said James as he stood up and pulled off his boxers, revealing a large semi erect cock. It was eye level with Lauren and she audibly gasped without thinking. 

"Need a moment hun?" Said Alexa with a grin as she winked at Lauren. 

"Sorry, I just, was caught by surprise." Replied Lauren Sheepishly as she stood to follow as Peter opened the door quietly and snuck out towards the pool. 

They all crept down the short flight of stairs, and Peter nimbly cleared the fence and popped the gate latch from the inside letting the others in. 

"Ok, heres the game. Chicken fight, but with a new level of difficulty, we need to be quiet, so move slow, and try to dive when you fall, splash as little as possible. Whoever falls has to do body shots off their partner." Explained Alexa as everyone slid beneath the cool water. Luckily it was a hot night, and the water felt more refreshing than chilly. 

Quietly Lauren climbed onto Peter's shoulders, and Alexa did the same with James, but combined they still stood about a foot shorter. 

"Oh, this will hardly be fair, let's give it a go and see how we do, ready?" Said Alexa as she swayed back and forth a bit, gaining her balance. 

"Ready!" Relied Lauren, and with a quiet struggle they met in the middle and the two girls pushed at each other, but with the height advantage Lauren easily pushed the tiny Alexa into the water with a quiet splash. 

"Well I guess on the plus side, shots!" Sputtered Alexa as she broke the surface and swam over to the side of the pool where she had left a bottle of vodka. 

James followed her, and then she climbed up on the side and laid flat of her back with a smirk, waiting for him to poor the liquor in her navel. 

Meanwhile, Lauren slid down Peter's back into the water, and slid her hands around his front and massaged his cock under the water where others couldn't see. 

"Ok, so we need to adjust. Trade partners? We have to be the same height." Argued Alexa as she slid back into the water and swam towards Peter and Lauren. Lauren's hand slid back from Peters cock and she started to swim away to the middle of the pool.

"Thats reasonable! we have to share the alcohol after all." Giggled Lauren as Alexa swam behind Peter and climbed his back nimbly, sliding her legs over his shoulder and noticeably grinding herself against the back of his neck. 

"It's a game then! Let's do it!" Exclaimed Alexa excitedly as Lauren climbed James, her hands sliding across his chest as she got in position. 

The two groups clashed again in the middle, and this time a bit fairer and more even set, but again Alexa splashed into the water. 

Peter caught his balance as James and Lauren backed off laughing victoriously, when suddenly he felt something unexpected. Alexa was still under water, and her mouth had clamped around his penis and he could feel her suction as she sucked his cock and rolled her tongue across it. 

"Is she ever going to come back up?" Laughed Lauren as she slid back down James, her hand purposefully brushing against his thigh as she hit the water. 

"I'm sure... she's just being sneaky." Joked Peter awkwardly as he struggled to keep his balance again with the surprise sensation he was experiencing beneath the dark waters. Suddenly her mouth released him, and she popped out of the water between them all with a splash aimed at Lauren and James.

"Like I said." Peter laughed as she turned to face him with a sparkle in her eye and a smirk.

"Ok, my turn for a shot. my partners at least can't hog all the alcohol." She joked as she pushed Peter up onto the side of pool and got ready to pour the shot.

"wait, where do you do a body shot on a guy?" she giggled and looked at the others for help.

"Well, pour it in his mouth, and make him share." Said Lauren, much to Peters surprise. He spun around questioningly to look at her and James to make sure they were ok with that, but they both were laughing as much as Alexa.

"Ok, Open wide big boy" Alexa giggled as she poured at least two shots between his lips, and then slid up from the pool and locked lips with Peter, and kissed him hard bringing the vodka between them, brushing her hard nipples against his chest before she let him go. 

They both slid back into the water, and Alexa swam in front of him and reached out to kiss James as well, but under the water James felt something against his thighs. 

She had floated forward onto her belly, and her legs wrapped around Peters waist behind her, and suddenly her warm pussy lips were grinding against his hard erection beneath the water as she kissed James passionately. 

"Nope, now it's my turn for a shot" Lauren interjected as she pulled James back and pushed him against the other side of the pool.

As they moved away, Peter felt Alexa lift her hips, and slowly his hard cock slid between the soft lips of her pussy, sinking deep into her as he inhaled sharply and put his hands on her hips, guiding her off of him, and then back towards him, as slowly as possibly as to not make waves. 

across the pool, Lauren poured the vodka into James's mouth, but then he pulled his chin up mischievously, denying her the shot. So she put her feet on the sides of the pool on each side of him and shot up out of the water and wrapped her arms around his neck, kissing him deeply with her whole body wrapped around his torso.

After the kiss she slid down his body, and pushed him up sitting on the side of the pool, and shoved him back so she could pour another shot in his navel, and then she slid out of the water again to suck the alcohol out, and in the process his semi hard cock slid between her large breasts. 

After she took the shot she let go, but his dick was now completely hard, and as she slid back into the water it slid across her lips as she swallowed the alcohol. Their eyes locked with the moment, and between them his erection twitched.

She leaned forward slightly, and touched the tip of it with her lips, and then slid the tip into her mouth, and then the shaft, and then pushed all the way to the base until she couldn't handle any more and she backed off and pulled his manhood from her mouth with a soft "plop" 

"Can they see us?" She asked James as she smiled coyly and licked his thick tip. 

"No, their having another drink. you might as well get your own as well." He said as he grinned and pulled her back onto his hard cock, bobbing up and down lightly sucking him from the tip to the shaft as deep as she could until he started to spasm, and she felt a warmth fill her mouth. 

Meanwhile, Alexa rotated around to face Peter, and drove her pussy down hard onto his shaft as she poured another shot into his mouth, making it appear that they were just doing another shot as she bobbed up and down on his hard cock. They locked lips again and moaned into each others mouths as he thrusted up into her, feeling her pussy tighten around his cock as she orgasmed, and feeling on the brink himself.

"We have to stop, I'm about to cum." He whispered into her ear, and she started to slide off him, but she slipped, and fell back down, sending him deeper into her pussy and over the edge. They both moaned loudly as he spent his seed deep inside Alexa's fertile body.

Suddenly a bright light kicked on. 

"Alright everyone, out of the water." Boomed a tall security guard holding a flashlight on the group, standing authoritatively at the gate.