 The girl rose onto her knees when she heard my footsteps cease, the sound of them now inaudible on the living room carpeting.

"Down," my wife, Jill, instructed, and the girl settled her butt back against her heels again.

I stood there, dumbfounded, eyes locked on the scene before me with disbelief. I couldn't tell an age, but the girl was definitely young but over 18. Her frame petite, she was kneeling on the living room carpet less than five feet away, her hands behind her back in the same manner I'd seen Jill's in before, and I knew then that her wrists were bound. She wore a pair of pink panties and a pink bra, both identical in shade and matching the blindfold that Jill had used to hinder the girl's vision.

My vision, however, was not hindered, and from where I stood, the girl appeared quite attractive, though young. Her complexion was flawless, her features delicate. Her hair was cut at her shoulders and of a brown dark enough that, should it have been darker, it would have been black. Her breasts, supported by the pink bra, were small, but perfectly shaped. I guessed they were the smallest B-cup one could find. Her hips were narrow, and her stomach lightly padded with the remains of dissipating baby fat. Her breathing was slightly elevated, as though she'd been anticipating this encounter, but wasn't sure whether it was going to be a good or bad one.

"Hello, dear," Jill's said. I glanced to where she sat on the couch, naked, her long red hair hanging over her shoulders, her legs crossed, smiling back at me as if in challenge. "Do you like my surprise?"

I was speechless. I just stared at the two of them. Jill got the point, though. She always did.

"Well, Holly," Jill began, "I think it's time our new friend got a better look at you. Up."

The girl leaned her weight back onto her knees and stood. She stood still for a moment, letting me take in her form, then turned slowly around, showing me the front and back and both sides. When she faced me again, or almost faced me as she couldn't tell exactly where I was, she stopped again.

"What do you think, dear?" Jill asked, "Is she worth our time?"

I swallowed, still registering what was going on. Jill was all smiles, unable to hold them back regardless of how much she tried. I nodded, thinking if I spoke, my voice would be more of a croak than anything else.

Jill stood and walked over to me, stopping next to Holly to bark the words "Back on your knees" in her ear before meeting me. She took my briefcase from my hand and dropped it on the floor, then took hold of my tie and led me over to the La-z-boy, where she pushed me back until I fell into the seat.

"Now, you just sit there and relax."

She removed my tie, loosening it, then pulling it off and tossing it over onto the couch, then unbuttoned my shirt. She pulled it off as well, just dropping it on the floor next to the chair, then pulled my undershirt over my head and tossed it toward the entranceway to the kitchen. She got on her knees then, unzipping my pants and reaching inside, working her fingers into my boxer briefs and pulling out my cock. 

I was still limp, not having the chance for the surprise to wear off. She licked the tip lightly, causing me to moan. I rocked my head back and she took the head in her mouth and sucked lightly on it. She took me down to the base, pushing my pants, which were still buttoned, back with her hands. I could feel her nose pressing into the short hairs above my cock. Then she drew her head away in one quick motion, making slurping sounds as she did, letting my cock fall completely out of her mouth. She waited until I opened my eyes and looked down to continue.

She smiled first, then took it all the way down again, in one quick motion. I moaned again, but this time, didn't close my eyes but focused them on the girl in the middle of the living room. She just knelt there, with nothing else really to do at that moment. But she was reacting to the sounds around her. She knew what was going on, and her breathing had gotten deeper. Her face was flush.

I looked back down at Jill, who was working my cock halfway down, then drawing back, then sucking it halfway down again, pumping her mouth around my cock at a medium pace, quickly getting me hard. Once I was there, she steadily gained momentum, working at me faster as each second past. At this rate, I'd cum in only a minute or more. 

I groaned again, then again, unable to help it. The girl took a sudden deep breath when she heard the first, as if it had startled her. I could feel the end nearing. I moaned again.

Just then, Jill pulled her head away, leaving my cock pointing at the ceiling and me looking at her without a clue.

"Not just yet, dear," Jill said, "Just wait your turn."

My turn? 

I sat there and watched as she stood and walked over to the couch. She sat down again, turned and leaned back against the cushion on the arm. She spread her legs wide, leaning one against the back of the couch and letting the other lay flat on the seat, hanging over the edge from the knee down.

"Holly," she instructed. "Come here."

Holly obeyed, walking on her knees over to where Jill sat, stopping before her and looking to where the voice had come from. Jill reached out with one hand and took the girl by the back of the head, pulling her forward until the girl's nose was a mere inches from her pussy. I wondered if it smelled as sweet to the girl as it did to me, then shook the thought away. 

"Okay, Holly," Jill instructed, "Remember what I told you about using your tongue?"

"Yes, Ma'am," the girl replied.

"Well, get on with it then."

She pressed the girl's nose into her crotch. At first, the girl tried to withdraw, but with a little insistence on Jill's part, the girl conformed. She stuck her tongue out and began driving it in and out of Jill's cunt, doing so sloppily at first, as if she were disoriented, then getting more aggressive as well as adding some finesse. I realized then that the girl had done this more than once before. Where could Jill have found this girl?

Holly was working hard at getting her hot, and Jill, in turn was rewarding her for her work. She held the girl's head tightly between her own hand and her crotch, grinding her hips. Her breathing had become panting, broken by moans here and there. I was breathing harder as well, and fighting the urge to stroke myself the rest of the way to orgasm. I knew better though. Jill would have other plans for me, and if I satiated myself now, I just might miss out.

Holly's face blocking my view of Jill's pussy, I alternated my attention between her breasts, heaving heavily with each breath, rising and falling, nipples fully erect and pointing upward at the ceiling, and her face, which was twisted and contorted as a face can only be when experiencing such pleasures. Her mouth was wide open, moans continuously rolling from it, her lips rigid and pushed away from her teeth.

Her eyes were squeezed closed, her nostrils flared.

Then, suddenly, she raised her chest off the couch, pressing her head back and letting out a loud moan, her arm flexing as she tried to force Holly's head even deeper into her crotch. Her breaths became almost frantic, her chest rising and falling quickly as if she were hyperventilating, gasps escaping at the height of each one. She was coming.

I gripped the arms of the chair, trying to occupy my hands so I couldn't stroke myself the rest of the way. I didn't want to come yet, this was just too interesting, and I guessed it was about to get better.

She breathed in that fashion for almost twenty seconds, then held her breath for a few seconds, then let out a loud moan that I guessed the neighbors might have heard, then returned to that breathing pattern again for a few seconds, then back to the loud moans and held breaths. She cycled through this a few times, then rested her back against the couch again, easing her grip on Holly's head but not letting her go completely.

I watched the two, my breathing heavy and my eyes glued to them.

After a minute more of this attention, she arched her back again, moaning right off this time, then gasping the words "Oh fuck yeah" then moaning again and panting in that same hyper manner as before.

Multiple orgasms, I thought, she does that now and again, but I still hadn't expected it, not with another woman's head between her legs. Could it have been that the idea of lesbian sex turned her on as much as it did me?

After the second orgasm faded, she lowered her back and lay there, letting Holly lap away at her for a minute longer as she caught her breath and came back to her senses. Then, she glanced over at me and gave me a wide grin.

"Stop," she said, pulling Holly's head away from her with a sudden force that caused the girl to let out a whimper, more of surprise than anything I was sure.

Jill lay there for a moment longer, taking in deep breaths, then sat up and pulled her legs together, turning to face me and winking at me.

"Okay, Holly," she said, "You did very well. I am pleased…for now, at least. But my husband…it seems you've got him very worked up indeed. I believe it's only fair if you please him as well."

Jackpot, I thought, then felt a tinge of guilt at the thought. How old was the girl after all? At 32, I felt oddly like a dirty old man.

Jill stood and walked over to me, reaching down to me with both hands and helping me to my feet. She led me to the middle of the living room floor, then went back over to the couch and reached behind one of the cushions, pulling out a silk tie similar to the one that bound the girl's wrists. She walked over to me, pulled my arms behind my back and bound my wrists as well.

The done, she reached down and pushed my pants to the floor, then stretched the fabric of my underwear, fighting to get my cock back through the hole in the front without causing me any pain or discomfort. She pushed them down as well, and I stepped out of them. She tossed them over next to my shirt near the chair, then looked back to the girl.

Thinking twice, she turned to me again, then got on her knees and went about removing my shoes. I was pleased she did that. I always felt odd wearing shoes or socks and nothing else. I wasn't sure why, but it had always bothered me to do so.

That done, she looked me over, smiling at the result.

She turned to the girl again, who'd allowed her weight to rest on the couch and had that nervous but not worried look on her face again.

"Um…wait," I insisted. "How…?"

I looked at the girl, then to Jill, who raised one eyebrow, her smile fading. She thought maybe I wasn't into this? I could read the thought in her new expression. She'd feel guilty for letting it go this far if I didn't contradict that idea.

"How old…?" I asked.

A look of understanding graced her features, replacing that disappointed look, and her smile returned.

"She just turned nineteen," she whispered. "I wanted the schoolgirl thing to be part of the fantasy, but…" She shrugged, as if to say, "however it has to be, so long as it's a good time."

She winked at me then.

"Okay, Holly," Jill began, "I think we're ready for your assistance now."

The girl immediately got up onto her knees again, facing in the direction of Jill's voice. Jill reached over to her and took her by one strap of her bra and led her over to me, not letting go until the girl was sitting back on her heels again in front of me, my cock only about a foot from her face.

"Okay," Jill instructed, "Get to work, and do as he says. I want him to get the most out of this."

She rocked her weight forward, getting onto her knees and closing the foot or so between us almost entirely in that motion. She opened her mouth as if to be fed my cock. Jill just smiled down at her, although the girl couldn't see that smile, and said, "Uh-uh, Holly. You've got to find it all by yourself."

Jill walked back over to the couch to watch as Holly moved her head forward until her lips struck my right thigh, then upward until they found my pelvic bone. My heart started to pound as her lip struck my skin, then sped up even more as they moved closer to where I wanted them. I closed my eyes and waited, trying to be patient, as her lips moved to the left, planting a kiss just to one side of my scrotum, then finding the scrotum itself and running her tongue from there up the shaft. She followed the shaft from the base to the tip with her tongue, finding the head and making me moan quietly as the tip of her tongue ran across the tender spot underneath. Once she found the head, she pressed her nose against my stomach, the tip of it pressing into my naval, and slipped her lips around the head, sucking lightly on it and using her lips to pull it down in the front a little, bettering her angle at it before taking it further down.

I opened my eyes and looked at Jill, who grinned back at me, knowing she'd found something interesting this time. 

Holly sucked harder now that she had more of me in her mouth, pumping her lips slowly up and down the shaft, working my cock from halfway down to the tip, steadily increasing her pace. Her lips were held tightly against me, her mouth warm and her tongue pressed against the bottom of it, rubbing hard against it as she moved her head forward and backward.

I was worried this wouldn't take long, not nearly as long as I wanted it to. I rocked my head back and closed my eyes, trying to concentrate on some distant thought, something to take my mind away from what was going on. I would never escape the situation entirely, and that was good, because who would want to? But enough to help me hold on for a while longer would better the situation.

When I opened my eyes, I had a pretty good handle on the situation. I thought I could hold onto it for at least a few more minutes. 

"Slow down a little," I instructed, wanting to make certain.

She did as I asked immediately, cutting her pace almost in half. I looked to Jill, wondering if it would be too much to ask if she would come over and join the girl in her efforts. No, I thought, maybe another time. Who knew if the girl would be asked back? It was the first time another person was welcome into this part of our life. Why try to do everything at once?

Jill saw my gaze directed toward her and leaned back, uncrossing her legs and slipping one hand between them, running the tip of her index finger between the folds of her pussy. She winked at me again. I smiled back, then glanced down at the girl. I could see my cock disappearing into her eager young mouth and smiled even wider.

She slowed a little more then, letting my cock slide almost all the way out of her mouth, then tilted her chin down a little further and slid her lips carefully down the shaft again, this time taking me all the way down until her nose was pressed again my stomach again, buried in pubis hairs. She sucked hard on it, her throat closing around the head, causing me to moan, then withdrew again, letting her lips slowly slide back until they reached the head again.

She went back to her regular pace then, working halfway down then back to the head. I looked to Jill again, who was laying back further, legs spread further apart and two fingers of her right hand buried in her cunt while her index finger of her left hand slowly massaged her clit.

The girl worked steadily at that pace while I watched Jill masturbate for about a minute before she deep throated me again, causing deeper sensations to stir this time.

"Okay, go faster again," I said, my breathing harder then than it had been all night.

Jill looked me over then, sitting up a little more. 

"He's getting close," she told holly, "Now, remember what I said."

What she said? I thought, then let it slide. I was too distracted right then to be concerned.

Holly sped her pace, actually passing her former speed, then slowing again once to deep throat me a third time. I moaned loudly this time, and a moment later, she was moving her head faster than I would have thought possible without her hands free to help balance her. Saliva had formed around her mouth and ran down her chin in a few thick strands, one of which was bobbing below her head, slowly stretching down toward the pink bra below.

A half-minute longer and I was on the verge, my body tensing and an orgasm rapidly building inside me. A few seconds later, I was gasping, "Oh, I'm gonna cum" through lips so tense they would barely move.

The girl drew back until her lips were held against the shaft just below the head and waited. I ejaculated within a few seconds, my legs shaking and semen firing into the girl's mouth in a few quick eruptions. I looked down at the girl, who held her lips around my cock for a few seconds after I'd finished, then, pulling her lips away, forced the semen out of her mouth with her tongue, letting it run down her chin and drip onto her chest and bra.

She licked at the head of my now softening cock, sucking it into her mouth now and again. Once I was entirely limp again, she leaned back on her heels and waited for further instruction.

"Well, Honey," Jill began, "How'd she do?"

I nodded, unable to find the proper words at that particular time.

"Very good, Holly," she said, standing and walking over to us. "Well, dear, do you think you've got another round in you?"

I nodded, wondering what else she had planned.

"Holly, up," she instructed. Holly got to her feet, semen still hanging in strings between her chin and her chest, saturating. Once Holly was standing, she took the girl by her wrists and led her back the small hall to the left of the couch, waving for me to follow her. She led Holly into the bedroom, stopping just inside the door and waving for me to get inside the door with them.

She untied me, then pointed to the bed and instructed me to lie down. I did as she asked, laying flat on my back in the center of the bed. She led Holly over to the bed's edge and sat her down, then crawled on the bed herself. When she was next to me, she stopped and straddled me pressing her lips against mine and driving her tongue into my mouth. We kissed gently for a few seconds, then she pulled away and started kissing her way down my chest and stomach, stopping to take my cock into her mouth again. She sucked on just the head for a few seconds, then stuffed it all the way into her mouth.

As she worked at it, I wondered if I could get another erection so soon as she apparently wanted me to. I glanced over to Holy, who sat there idly, waiting.

Jill worked at me for a few minutes with little response, then reached over and grabbed Holly by the wrists again and led her over to her side.

"All right, Holly," Jill began, "I'll need some help getting him ready, so I want you to help me get him hot."

"Okay," Holly's voice was shy still, but not intimidated.

"Now, try what I told you about earlier."

With that, Jill went back to sucking, and Holly got up on her knees and walked up to where I lay, feeling out my location carefully with one knee, then straddled my chest. Once she was up there, she spread her legs wide and pressed her weight down on top of me, letting me feel how damp she'd gotten her pink panties. Once she was pressed against me, she started to slowly grind, rubbing her crotch against my skin through the thin fabric. I began to stir almost immediately, my heart rate quickening and my cock twitching a little, gaining some life after all. Jill downed it as it twitched, sucking it into the back of her throat.

Holly let out a slight moan as she continued to grind against me, slowing her pace a little, as if to savor each second. I could feel her becoming damper, some of her juices squeezing through the fabric of her panties and smearing across my skin. I was getting hard then, my cock extending to full erection as Jill worked her lips over it and the girl ground against me. The girl rocked her head back slightly, and I reached up with my now free hands and cupped a breast in either palm and slowly massaged them through the bra, smearing my own semen over them even more. 
