 Flash . . . the camera goes off.

I am lying on my back at my first swingers party gang bang. Terri is riding my hard cock while giving her husband John a blow job. Kim has lowered herself onto my waiting mouth and I am lapping away at her steaming snatch. The two girls are taking turns on Johns hard member. They run their tongues up and down the sides of the shaft and every now and then they kiss and feel each others breasts and hard nipples. John continues to thrust between these two lovers and they suck away at his pole.

I can feel Terri's tightness envelope my cock as she raises and lowers her moist tunnel on my lap. The sounds of the two girls sucking John is all I can hear as my vision is obscured by Kim's thighs clutching my ears as she grinds away on my face. Her juices are steadily flowing into my open mouth as I reach up and caress her full 36D breasts, pushed out even more obscenely with the corset spilling everything over the top. Her nipples are fully erect as I finger the nubs of lust. Lying here being fucked by one hot MILF, another rides my tongue and both are sucking the hard cock of a fourth is more then I would have expected a week ago before coming across the ad on the web looking for hot studs for a gang bang. 

"OK girls are you ready for my load? Terri do you want it on your face again?"

"No shoot it on Kims big tits so I can lick it off."

"You're the boss."

I could hear John's grunts as he shot his saved up load all over Kims tits. As Terri stroked out the load from his cock she licked the remains from the covered head. Feeling that he was cleaned up she then turned to Kim to begin the tongue bath of her milky mammaries. The whole time sliding on my 8" hard cock. As the tit tonguing continued Kim was getting wetter and wetter and soon I could feel her convulse in the throes of orgasm. Her pussy lips surrounded my face and the love juice threatened to drown me. I gulped down the excretions while maintaining tongue contact on her clit.

With John moving on to the next adventure Kim leaned over in a sixty-nine position. I could feel her sticky breasts mash against my stomach. She leaned in and started to lick my shaft as it was exposed now and then from the thrusts of Terri. Kim flicked her tongue between my wet cock and Terri's moist pussy. This stimulation was getting to both of us.

Flash . . . the camera goes off.

As Kim leans forward I crane my head up and start to lick up to her perineum and further to her anal opening. The previous juices from her orgasm had coated her whole snatch and ass. I licked away and probed into her hole. Her moans vibrated along my shaft and Terri was purring away as another orgasm approached her.

Terris orgasming pussy walls clenched and grabbed my shaft as she came all over my cock and Kims tongue. This was too much to take, the cock ring has held back my first load of the evening but it was time to blow my load. I screamed out as the cum started bubbling up from deep inside my balls. I could feel the spunk surge through my shaft. Just before eruption Terri hopped off and pulled the condom off in one go. Kim dove down plunging my hard shaft down her throat. She pulled back and kept my head in her mouth as I filled her with my seed. Her tongue swirled around the tip until I was finished. As Kim pulled off my spent cock Terri leaned in for a kiss. They snowballed my load back and forth as the strands clung from their lips as they kissed. 

"Oh my that was just what we needed. I think you and your big cock are going to be a popular addition to our club. What do you think Kim?"

"I think I need to feel that new member inside me when you are ready to go again."

"Under the circumstances that should not be a problem." 

Being in the middle of the orgy room has certainly raised my libido. Although I just unloaded into Kim she was again coaxing my member to full girth. "Let me at your snatch again." We found ourselves side by side feasting on each other heightening our pleasure again. Her mouth and tongue danced all over my swollen head and I could feel the cock ring constricting my shaft as it throbbed, the veins bulging with blood.

"I want you to take me from behind, I love feeling the balls slapping against my lips."

As Kim got up on her hands and knees waving her ass in my face teasingly. I place another Trojan on and leaned in to lick her backside. I ran my tongue from her pussy up to her anus. She moaned her approval as I continued my lapping of the mixed juices. Feeling satisfied that she was wet enough for my throbber I kneeled in behind and parted her willing and swollen lips with the sheathed mushroom crown.

"God you are so wet there is no resistance at all."

"I am always like this at these parties. Every now and then I need to let my inner cum slut come out and play. My husband Steve agrees with it as he likes to get his rocks off with boys and girls. At these parties all of our perversions can be fulfilled." 

"I don't think I've met Steve?"

"He is usually in one of the private rooms. That way he can really let himself go and not feel like to much of a spectacle. Maybe later we will have to join him, for now just keep fucking me."

As I slammed into her love canal I reached around her and fondled her throbbing clit. This sent her inner walls to convulse and grab my sliding shaft. Leaning over like this I watched her cinched waist in the corset and ran my hands down her hips and snapped the garter straps holding up her hose. "Your ass looks so hot all dressed up." Unable to resist I had to slap Kims cheeks while I plowed into her.

"Oh yeah slap that ass, I've been a bad little cock whore tonight. Make my cheeks red with your handprints."

Flash . . . the camera goes off

I lean back and smack her harder which seems to have a direct connection to her inner walls of lust. As we settle into our groove another hard cock bobs towards Kim.

"Do you mind if I join you two?"

"Only if you can get that cock into my mouth now."

With nothing left to do we had Kim spit roasted between two hard rods. As she lapped at the tool in her mouth and throat I kept up my fingering and fucking of her shaven snatch. The tongue action must have been working wonders as I watched the third partner in our menage grab Kim's hair and blasted off in her willing mouth. This was too much for me and I could sense myself getting to the boiling point. Feeling randy in this public fucking it was time to put on a show. I pulled out of her wetness and tossed the condom aside. 

As I stroked my cock and pulled on my balls the constricting ring was going to have to let go of its hold on my cum. As my toes curled in an earth rattling orgasm I blasted another huge load all over her gartered cheeks. I painted her ass with my load and fell down on my haunches. As I moved away the guy who just got the blow job now leaned over Kim and started licking my seed off of her ass. He was groaning while licking all the spent spunk from her red cheeks. 

"What a kinky fuck this guy is." As soon as I thought this I could hear Kim.

"That's it baby, lick all of his love juice off me. Tongue my ass and get me ready for your hard tool in my ass. You know you like to fuck me back their and pretend it is one of your boys. I'm sure you already have a load in you Steve so give me mine." 

I noticed that he buried his cock balls deep into her tight bung unprotected. Ah yes, Steve, so this is the cock whore of a husband she was talking about."