 This story starts off a little slowly... but I think you'll find that it's worth it in the end! 

* * * * * * * * * *

Well, it's about time I face reality. I'm probably going to hell. I mean, really. Me and my best friend, the both of us, going to hell. We did something that's pretty difficult to come back from, as committing sins goes. It was worth it, though. Totally worth it.

To understand why we're going directly to hell, you need to know a little background. My best friend and I are both from Oklahoma City, albeit on opposite sides of the city. We both grew up going to church, and along with church, church camp. And one particular church camp about four years ago was the catalyst for our recent shenanigans that got us a one-way ticket on the Hades Express.

That was the year that Val (my friend) and I (Keri) moved up from eighth grade to high school. Our church camp was broken up into 3rd-5th grade, 6th-8th grade, and 9th-12th. Camp after eighth grade was a particularly "special" camp for us, in that it was all focused on human sexuality. You see, our church had decided that since the schools in Oklahoma did a terrible job of teaching us about the topic, it was their responsibility to make sure that we actually knew how sex worked.

Anyway, that year there was a new counselor there. It seemed that Paul was a recent graduate of a seminary a couple of states over, and was friends with one of our camp directors, who had asked him if he would be willing to come counsel our camp that year. He had agreed, and realistically, I think all of us girls at camp agreed that he was God's gift to us that year.

You see, this was a very fit, tall, tanned, beautiful specimen of a man. His voice was like something from a movie voiceover, his smile made me feel like my insides were melting, and when he sang while leading music, my eyes glazed over and I sometimes had to consciously stop myself from drooling.

Well, Val and I kind of latched onto him and spent the week trying to let him know what we thought of him, generally in less than subtle terms (at one point, I actually ran up to him, threw my arms around him, and told him, "I love you"!). Nothing fazed him, though -- he kept treating us exactly like any other camper, which I guess in retrospect was exactly what he was supposed to do.

On the last day of camp, a spontaneous water fight broke out between the counselors of our camp and the counselors of the high school camp. Advantageously enough, we had had our cell phones, confiscated at the beginning of the week, returned to us just beforehand, so my iPhone was in hand to snap a clandestine picture of Paul, soaked seminary t-shirt clinging to his pecs, SuperSoaker thrust toward the sky and a huge smile spread across his face. I'm not too proud to say that that particular picture found its way directly into my spank bank (yes, girls have them too).

But then, camp was over, and Paul headed off to work at some church in Oregon that had hired him. Val and I both added him as our friend on Facebook, and he occasionally stayed in touch with us, though it was really more the two of us stalking him than anything else.

So the next four years came and went, as high school will. Val and I both did cheerleading in the fall, during football season, and in the spring, she played soccer while I played softball. Boyfriends came and went, with the arrival of my first serious boyfriend coinciding with the departure of my v-card on my 18th birthday. Val was quite pleased when that finally happened, having jumped off the virginity train nearly two years before me. As the two of us prepared to head to college, we were also prepared for our inevitable separation -- she was headed to Vanderbilt University, in Tennessee, while I would be westward bound, to the University of Arizona. But before we headed out, there was one final piece of business to attend to...

Our senior year of church camp.

Yeah, we had kept going. Most of our friends had. There was a close-knit group of about twelve of us who had all started camp together, nine years before, and kept going all the way through. And now, we were about to graduate, and there was no way any of us were going to miss that.

Well, we got to the camp on Sunday afternoon of that week, a couple hours after church let out. We got checked in, turned over our cell phones (yes, they STILL made us do that, even though we were in high school), and got sent to our cabins. Val and I were in cabins next door to each other on the second floor of a large lodge-type building, and once we got our stuff set up, we headed back out of our cabins to go over to the main meeting area for the high school group. As we turned to head down the stairs, however...

"PAUL!" Val squealed, an incredulous look appearing on her face. And sure indeed, there was the good Reverend Paul, now in his mid-30s but still absolutely delicious looking, standing at the base of the stairs, a camper behind him.

I didn't say anything. I just charged down the stairs and basically jumped on him, squeezing my arms around his neck. "Good to see you too, Keri," he said with a laugh, his voice sounding in my ears like melted chocolate on my tongue.

I let go after a moment and stepped back. "How did I not know you were going to be here?!" I asked him, a slight note of accusation in my voice. "I didn't see anything about it on Facebook..."

Paul shook his head. "I tried to keep it quiet," he said. "I literally just a week ago started working at a church in Tulsa, but I made sure to work into my contract that I would get to come to camp." He grinned. "Besides, it's always fun to surprise the campers, right?"

He turned to the camper behind him. "Right at the moment, though, I need to get Mike here up to the cabin," he told us. "But I tell you what, we'll talk in a little while. Sound good?"

"Absolutely," Val piped up.

"You betcha," I agreed -- and immediately regretted it, especially when Paul's grin changed to an amused smirk. Mildly embarrassed, I charged past him.

"See you later, Keri, Val!" he called after us as we made a beeline for the meeting room.

Before we walked through the doors, Val looked at me and grinned. "Why, Keri, I do believe you're blushing," she said.

I smacked her arm. "Shut up, Val," I said.

"Oh, don't be too embarrassed," she replied. "I'm actually wet."

"Oh, God, too much information!" I groaned. But let's be real -- so was I.

* * * * * * * * * *

So it turned out that Paul was one of the directors for high school camp. He had been working on the planning for it ever since the church in Tulsa had offered him the job nearly three months before, but because he had still been working on the particulars of his contract, it had been necessary for him to keep his involvement with camp under wraps until the last moment.

As the week passed, I found that I wasn't obsessing over Paul as much as I had assumed I would if ever I saw him again -- and I think it's mostly because there was just so much stuff going on that my mind was elsewhere. That having been said, there were a couple times when I caught him looking at me and Val in a way that he definitely had NOT looked at us four years before -- and considering we had both gone from looking decidedly like middle school girls to looking like women (Val was sporting 34Cs these days, while I proudly carried around a nice set of 34Ds), it was entirely understandable. We were damn hot, and neither the title of Reverend nor the ring on Paul's left ring finger was going to change either that or the fact that he was still a man.

And I'll be honest, I did catch myself staring at him a few times -- especially when we went down to the lake on Wednesday, and he pulled off his shirt and dove in. Dear God in heaven, I nearly came right then and there on the dock. Val must've noticed my vacant stare and my slack-jawed look, because she nudged me in the side. "See something you like?" she asked playfully.

I sighed. "Yeah, but it's taken."

"His wife is one lucky bitch," Val agreed. "But you're a hot piece of ass."

And you know, looking back on it, if she hadn't said that, none of what took place after that moment would ever have transpired, and I would not have condemned myself to eternal torment in the afterlife. But when she said it, I slowly turned my head to look at her. "I AM a hot piece of ass," I agreed. "For that matter, so are you. And HE may be married, but he IS still a man."

Val looked confused for a moment, and then realization dawned on her face. "Wait a second," she whispered, leaning in close to me. "Are you suggesting what I think you're suggesting?"

"I am," I whispered back. "I don't know how yet, though. We're gonna need a plan."

"Yeah," she agreed. "We don't want to get in trouble."

I gave her a look. "Us, shit," I replied. "If anybody found out about this, HE would be totally screwed. His marriage would be over. His career would be shot. I don't want to do that to him."

She nodded and opened her mouth to say something, but before she could get anything out, Paul's voice interrupted, making us both jump and turn toward him, slightly guilty looks on our faces.

If he noticed, however, he didn't give any indication, a completely oblivious look on his face. "The two of you over here plotting to take over the world?" he asked us cheerfully. And that was when I realized how damn GOOD he was -- even though he appeared to be engaging us in conversation, he was CLEARLY checking us out. He had aviators on, but the lenses were JUST see-through enough for me to see his eyes slowly scanning up and down our bikini-clad bodies. And judging by the fact that he suddenly seemed to find it necessary to rather awkwardly make his way to a picnic table at the end of the dock and sit down, it was pretty clear that he liked what he saw.

"Not trying to take over the world," Val said as we followed him to the bench. "Just trying to figure out how to, um, get to hear your beautiful voice again."

"The answer there is pretty simple," he replied, a slight mocking tone appearing in his voice. "Don't take so darn long getting ready in the morning, and actually be in the meeting room when we sing before breakfast!"

"Hey, now," I objected. "It takes a long time in the morning to look THIS --" I made a hand gesture sweeping from shoulders to hips -- "good. You gotta put some work into it!"

Paul rolled his eyes. "This is camp," he said. "Nobody cares how you look in the morning."

"Uh-HUH," Val replied sarcastically, staring straight at Paul.

* * * * * * * * * *

Well, we got to Friday morning, and I still didn't have a plan. I was starting to resign myself to the fact that maybe it wasn't going to happen, and I was going to spend the rest of my life wondering what might have been. But that morning, after cabin cleanup and the daily staff meeting had ended, I had a breakthrough.

Paul gathered all the graduated seniors together to talk to us for a moment. "As you all probably know," he began, "Friday night is when the graduated seniors get to stay up until about 3:00 AM, doing basically whatever you want. I'm going to be staying up with y'all tonight, to make sure you stay out of trouble, so if there's anything you want for tonight, snack-wise, just let me know so that I can pick it up when I run into town."

THAT WAS IT. As soon as the brief meeting was over, I dragged Val aside. "Tonight," I whispered to her.

She looked back at me, a look of slight disbelief on her face. "Seriously?"

"When we all go to bed," I explained. "Our counselors will already be asleep, so they won't notice us missing -- and if they do, they'll just figure it's because we're graduated seniors. Paul has his own cabin, so we won't get caught. We just wait until he goes in there, then go knock on the door and get him to let us in."

Val looked unsure. "Come on, Val," I said. "You want to do this as much as I do, I know you do."

She frowned. "Are you sure this won't make us a little whorish?"

"Worth it," I replied. "Besides, it's not like anybody's ever gonna know -- neither of us will ever tell anybody, and he sure as hell isn't going to say anything about it."

Val slowly nodded. "Okay," she finally said. "Let's do it!"

I giggled. "You mean let's do him."

* * * * * * * * * *

That night, during free time before dinner, Val and I both undertook a little prep work. We both showered, shaving while we were in there -- Val shaving her pussy completely bare as always, and me leaving a tiny landing strip. We both dressed in matching lingerie sets -- hers a yellow floral-patterned bra and thong, mine a front-clasp lacy dark blue bra and boy shorts -- and put on short denim skirts and collared shirts. We were definitely seduction ready.

Dinner came and went, along with the traditional end-of-the-week dance and recognition of the graduated seniors. It all passed like a blur, and as we got closer and closer to the end of the night, I found myself getting more and more excited with the growing anticipation.

Finally, around 11:00, everybody else went to bed, leaving just the graduated seniors and Paul up. "While I am still responsible for all of you," he told us, "you are also all now responsible adults. Thus... Cards Against Humanity!"

Unbelievably, I had, at the time, never heard of the game. It turned out to be absolutely awesome, though -- sort of a depraved version of Apples to Apples. Paul did not himself play -- apparently, he couldn't quite cross that line -- but he did watch and crack up at some of the more horrific combinations of cards that got played. We played that, ate junk food, and drank soda and coffee for the next three and a half hours, until finally, people started to wander off to sleep.

Not wanting to attract attention, Val and I bade everybody goodnight, and then headed to our cabins, entering them as silently as possible to avoid waking anybody up. Val could see the door of Paul's cabin from hers, so she kept a look out. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, she very quietly, almost imperceptibly, knocked on the door of my cabin. "He's in there!" she hissed when I cracked the door open.

As quietly as I possibly could, I slipped out the door, pulling it shut behind me. The two of us quickly went downstairs and crossed the main path through camp to Paul's cabin.

When we stepped up on the porch, though, it seemed that panic gripped us both. "Wait a second," I whispered. "I'm not sure this is such a good idea."

"This was YOUR idea!" Val whispered back, a note of anger in her voice. "If you're out, I'm out!"

I didn't want to be out, though. I wanted to ride Paul like a Kentucky Derby stallion. I took a deep breath, then let it back out slowly. "Just nerves," I said. "We can do this." And before I had second thoughts again, I stepped up to Paul's door and knocked on it.

The door opened a minute later, revealing a shirtless Paul -- a sight that strengthened my resolve considerably. "Val? Keri?" he asked, sounding confused. "I thought the two of you went to bed."

"We need to talk to you, Paul," I answered. "Can we come in?"

He frowned. "Uh, sure," he replied, stepping back and opening the door. "Come on in."

As we entered, he stepped away from the door, leaving it open as he retreated toward the couch in his cabin. Val grabbed the door and started to shut it. "Uh, leave it open," he said to her. "It needs to stay open -- I can't be in here behind closed doors with ca-"

"You said it yourself, Paul," I interrupted him. "We're adults. Responsible adults."

"VERY responsible," Val agreed, as the door latched shut. As she reached down to lock it, I grew bolder still, and reached up to the third button on my shirt (the topmost one that was actually buttoned) and started playing with it.

The button popped out, and Paul's eyes widened. "Keri, what on earth are you doing?" he asked, the color draining from his face.

"Something I've wanted to do for four years," I told him.

"Something we've BOTH wanted to do for four years," Val agreed, beginning to unbutton her own shirt. Paul seemed frozen in place as we both unbuttoned our shirts, but it was when they were totally unbuttoned and we began to shrug them off that he seemed to come back to life.

"No, no," he said. "This has to stop."

"Oh, please," I scoffed. "I saw the boner you got when you were talking to us on the dock the other day. You want us just as much as we want you."

He shook his head. "I can't," he protested weakly. "I'm married!"

That was the point at which Val grew VERY bold. "Nobody ever has to know," she purred, crossing the room to him and grabbing his dick through his basketball shorts. "Oh, MY," she said. "It seems that the reverend doth protest too much!"

"That's the other thing!" he exclaimed. "I'm a minister, for God's sake!"

"Hmmm," I sighed, reaching for the clasp on the front of my bra. "It seems --" I popped the bra clasp open "- that we just don't care." My bra fell loose, and I watched his eyes widen as my 34Ds came into view.

Val laughed. "Damn, Keri," she chuckled, "he got even bigger and harder when he saw those!"

Paul looked paralyzed. It seemed that he was torn between what he felt to be his moral responsibility on the one hand, and the fact that he had two hot, practically naked eighteen year old girls in his room on the other hand. I decided his mind needed to be made up for him.

I crossed the room to Paul and pressed my body against his, letting my naked breasts rub against his chest. "You like that, don't you?" I asked coyly, as I felt him shiver. I slid a hand down inside his shorts, grabbing directly what Val had only felt through cloth. "Oh, yes you do!"

Grabbing the waistband of his shorts, I pulled downward, letting loose what can best be described as an impressive piece of man meat. I'm guessing he was about seven inches long, and as thick around as a tube of toothpaste. I was practically dripping wet thinking about having that inside of me.

But he needed to be prepped first. Dropping to my knees, I opened my mouth and took the tip of his dick in it -- and it seems that that was when his body overruled his mind, as his hands reached up and grabbed the back of my head. I grinned as my mouth closed around his dick, and I slowly slid my lips down his shaft.

"Oh, GOD," he moaned as I bottomed out and began pulling back off of him. Meanwhile, Val had started licking his balls with a good amount of gusto, occasionally popping them into her mouth and basically getting teabagged before popping them back out.

We carried on like this for a couple of minutes, but as I felt him starting to get close, I pulled my mouth off of him and stood up. "Not yet, you don't," I playfully chided him, leading him to his bed. Once he had laid down, I got up on the bed, straddled him, and sat on his face. He needed no invitation, immediately going to work -- and god, that tongue of his, that talented tongue of a trained vocalist -- well, it did amazing things. He stroked it up one labia and down the other, circled around my clit, darted it in and out of my pussy. I could feel my body start to shake, and I tried to get off of him -- I hadn't let him cum yet, so why should I?

But no! He wouldn't let me! He grabbed my hips and pulled my pussy even harder against his face. "OH... oh God!" I cried out as I felt the first of many orgasms that night sweep through my body. I bucked against his face, and quite honestly, so strong was the orgasm that I'm surprised I didn't break his nose. As I began to come down from the orgasm, his tongue motions subsided -- and that's when I heard a moan behind me.

I turned around to see Val riding Paul for all she was worth, his thick cock sliding in and out of her soaking wet pussy with each bounce. "Ohhhhh..." was about all she could say, and I could see from the look on her face that she was enjoying it -- and clearly, she had REALLY wanted to get to it, too, because she was basically still fully clothed -- bra on, unbuttoned shirt still hanging from her shoulders, skirt hiked up around her waist, thong pulled to the side --
