 Some time ago a met a new friend in San Francisco. She is a very special lady and I have helped her fulfill several of her deepest fantasies. Her name is Amy and she is bright, sexy, open, self-confident and always very horny. She is 5 feet, 4 inches tall, weighs 115 pounds, has blue eyes and blond hair and gorgeous 36 C breasts with perky pink nipples. She is 25 years old, married with no children. 

I helped her fulfill fantasies in San Francisco, Los Angeles and Las Vegas. It has been some time since I have seen her and I found out that her husband had discovered her secret slut side and had more or less shut her down for a few months. However, she contacted me recently and asked me to help her with another fantasy. 

I flew in to Pittsburgh where Amy met me (alone) at the airport. Her husband was flying in later in the week and was kind enough to provide Amy and me some extra time to plan the events for the weekend. 

We embraced hotly and remembered our last very hot encounter together in Las Vegas. We talked non-stop as she drove me to my hotel. After checking in we rushed to the room where we were both naked in a matter of minutes. Amy is a great kisser and I cannot get enough of her. The good news is she is also very physical and insatiable. I did my best to maintain discipline so that we could extend our torrid fuck session. Amy can climax an incredible number of times. I suppose she is the closest thing to a nympho that I have ever experienced. We fucked for over an hour as she coaxed two tremendous climaxes out of me while she must have had 20 orgasms. Incredible!!

We languished in the bed after opening a bottle of wine from the mini bar. She was eager to talk about the upcoming class reunion as this was another opportunity to fulfill one of her biggest fantasies. 

Amy's high school class reunion was coming up on Saturday night. It was her first reunion since graduating seven years before. They were calling it a five year reunion but it was actually seven years since they graduated. Amy is a very hot, 25 years old. 

Amy had convinced her husband (reluctantly) to allow her to gang bang several of her old high school boyfriends including the guy who took her cherry. She has wanted to do this since she graduated but prior to meeting me, she had no idea how to pull it off. 

Her husband was not equipped emotionally to organize such an event although he had no problem with watching or participating in the activities as long as I handled all the details. 

Amy and I have built a trust and confidence in each other since we had been together on three previous and similar occasions. She knew that I would handle all the details including setting the ground rules for the gang bang. And she knew that I would protect her and insure her safety. This was not hard to do as Amy will do almost anything sexual you could imagine. 

Amy provided me with a list of the guys she was interested in fucking including a couple of guys who she always wanted to fuck but never got around to for one reason or another. The list included six guys, all members of her graduating class. She also mentioned one male teacher that she might want to include if he was in attendance and had not turned into a fat ass. She did her best to provide a brief profile of each of the men including which ones were married, which ones had a temper, which ones she had a previous emotional attachment to and which ones she wanted to spend more time with (versus the other participants). 

I agreed to approach every guy on her list but that meant that I had to have a reason to attend the reunion. She was able to get me an invitation to attend as her father. I am twice her age so she could easily be my daughter. Besides I knew that she also has a "daddy fantasy" so this worked out well. 

We went over the details of the gang bang. She wanted to attend the cocktail party and dinner while the sexual tension built. I agreed to handle all the details including renting the suite in the hotel where the reunion was held. Thankfully the host committee had chosen an excellent hotel in downtown Pittsburgh. The Fairmont Hotel is in the heart of the business district with excellent views and nicely appointed contemporary amenities. 

With about 180 rooms, including 19 suites it was the perfect size for the reunion and the beautifully appointed Presidential Suite was the ideal location for Amy's fantasy. 

We agreed that we would stay at the event, which included a cocktail mixer, a dinner, a live and silent auction and a dance. We figured we would have to stay at the event until at least the dancing started as there were many people to talk to. The other issue was that we had to contain the event so there was not a long line of horny guys standing in the hallway of the hotel waiting for a turn with Amy. 

We discussed what she would or would not do and how and when I should intervene in the festivities. We also discussed hygiene and protocol on how to manage what would be a testosterone fueled event. We also discussed how to handle and manage her husband who had never experienced anything like this before, especially with his hot wife. She told me a lot about him and how she had finally convinced him to go along with her desires but she was concerned that he might freak out once he actually saw Amy in action. Once again this required my participation and involvement in order to protect her and him from any untoward events. 

After finalizing the plans we confirmed the plan again while I ate Amy to another five wet and loud climaxes. What a woman!

Once her husband arrived (he went to the same high school) we organized a dinner meeting. Amy invited me to meet with her and her husband to help explain her innermost desires. We met for dinner and talked about life and sex and they shared some of their deepest thoughts and fears. Fortunately I was able to convince Amy's husband that her activities were harmless and that she wanted to remain married and committed to her spouse. However, her constant need for sex cannot be met by her husband. 

Finally he agreed that I was working in Amy's best interests and that I would always protect her from any possible harm. In short, he felt comfortable with me knowing that I could be trusted to help and support Amy in every way. He also knew that I was fucking her and he was okay with that as well. 

Since I had arrived early it gave us plenty of time to get together for some "rehearsal time" and to continue to discuss the planned events. I went to the hotel and made the reservation for the Presidential Suite. I made sure they knew we wanted extra towels and I made a trip to the "party store" to buy Astroglide, condoms, handcuffs, some feathers, a leather strap and a couple of dildos.

I knew the guys would be spent long before Amy so I wanted to have a little "insurance" for slow times. We wouldn't want to keep the resident nympho unoccupied, would we? 

When Saturday finally arrived Amy was hot and eager for the evening. I was worried about Amy's husband in spite of our pleasant and productive discussion. You never know how a man will react when he sees his wife being pounded by one or more guys knowing that she is experiencing extreme pleasure that he would never provide. However, Amy had made up her mind. This gang bang fantasy was going to happen. 

The Presidential Suite was phenomenal. Floor to ceiling windows provided sweeping views of the lovely city skyline. Pittsburgh is a very visual and clean city with a unique skyline and three rivers which converge in a point at the end of the city. I made certain that there was plenty of water, beer and liquor in the suite and I met with the catering manager to arrange for some light finger food so that the participants would remain relatively sober and able to perform, especially Amy. 

The list Amy provided had a list of previous lovers for me. The list contained five names including Charles (the guy who took her cherry), Monty, Thor, Will and Bart. The only other person she fucked in high school was her husband and he would witness the gang bang himself, whether he got laid after the gang bang had yet to be determined. 

I had another surprise for sweet, horny Amy. I knew that she had a "daddy fetish" so I covertly found out his address and called him. I told him all about his sexy and nasty daughter and asked if he might be interested in watching her perform and then perhaps taking his turn with her. He was thrilled and told me that he always knew she was hot and nasty. He asked if he might bring along his younger brother, Amy's uncle to watch the action. I told him that was fine but I wanted to surprise Amy so they would have to remain out of sight until late in the evening. They were delighted to be included and quickly agreed to the terms. I guess kinkiness runs in the family. 

The reunion event was pretty typical as far as reunions go. I was able to bribe my way in by telling the organizers that I was a distant uncle to Amy and she vouched for me. During the cocktail mixer she pointed out the targeted males so I could get to them one by one. 

It was a little tricky getting around wives and girlfriends but I was able to talk to all five of them and they were all eager to have another taste of the more mature and elegant Amy versus the little girl that they had fucked in high school.

Amy was dressed about as sexily as you can dress for a high school reunion. She wore a slinky black silk dress that ended just above the knee. It was low cut enough to reveal a hint of cleavage but it was evident that she was not wearing a bra. I also knew that she was wearing no panties in the hope that she could give some of the men a glimpse of her very sexy charms. She is shaved clean and has a beautiful beaver. She could not wait to show it off. 

Only one of the men I approached was doubtful. Will told me he did not think he could get away from his wife who was very jealous and "clingy." He was really torn knowing how badly he wanted to sample Amy's charms but knowing that he would have hell to pay if he got caught. The rest of the men told me that would do whatever was necessary to escape from their wives and two of them were attending solo. 

After the dinner and auction the band started playing and Amy decided to have some fun. Liquor was flowing freely in spite of the cash bar limitation and the band was outstanding. I had told each of the men to invite Amy to dance as she wanted to tease them on the dance floor in anticipation of what was to follow. 

Amy is a wonderful dancer and always seemed to find a way to twirl in just the right way to make her dress fly up revealing her lovely legs. When she was slow dancing she ground her pelvis into the men she danced with and she told me she loved the feeling of control when her dance partners got hard. 

She was totally in control and did not allow the men to feel her up. She wanted to taunt and tantalize the men while dancing knowing all the while that she would soon be on her back enjoying their cocks one after another. 

Amy's husband was amazingly calm throughout the evening. I suppose he had resigned himself to the fact that he was married to a nympho and, after all, she was his wife and he got to sleep with her every night. He had done very well in business and they enjoyed a comfortable lifestyle so he really didn't have it too bad (as long as he could manage his own feelings while sexy Amy had her fun. 

Amy twirled and taunted and teased her way through about 45 minutes of dancing. It was clear she was hot and would soon be ready for the action she wanted so badly. She came to the table where I was sitting with her husband watching her tease her dance partners. 

She was flushed and slightly sweaty. You could feel the sex she exuded and I caught a faint whiff of her dripping vagina. She told us she was about ready to go up to the suite so we started to wrap up the evening by saying goodbye to those around us. We had told the men to come up no earlier than 11:00 PM so when we departed around 10:30 the participants knew it was time to dump their wives and head to the Presidential Suite. 

Amy and her husband left the party unceremoniously and quietly. One by one the lucky men departed the party, some with a wink and a nod towards me. Once all the participants left the party I made my way upstairs to the Suite where Amy was gazing out on the lovely city of Pittsburgh. She was positively glowing and oozing sex. As I entered the Suite she ran towards me, ignoring her husband who was sitting on the sofa drinking a glass of wine. 

She threw her arms around me and gave me a full body embracing hug and a sloppy wet kiss. "Thank you so much for setting up this wonderful evening. I can't wait for the party to get started." 

I squeezed her luscious breasts while returning the kiss. I suggested that she get in the shower and then into something a bit more "revealing." She skipped towards the shower as she stripped off her shoes and dress. 

Buck naked she entered the shower while I approached her husband. "Are you sure you are okay with this tonight?" 

He nodded slowly. "I guess I have always known about Amy's approach to life and sex but I have never really confronted it in person. Guess I'll find out tonight what I am made of and how much I love her." 

I patted him on the shoulder and told him that would insure that everything would be find and I told him to "just go with it." I also reminded him that it was him that would be flying back to San Francisco and sleeping with her every night while all the young lads in Pittsburgh would be having wet dreams thinking about how lucky he was. He seemed to be cool with that reassurance and nodded in the affirmative to me. 

Amy was humming a tune while soaping her lovely body. She seemed giddy with joy and anticipation. I went to the closet and pulled out a Victoria's Secret bag and handed it to Amy as she dried herself with the plush cotton towel. She wrapped the over-sized towel around her sexy body and gave me a big kiss. 

"Is this for me? I love Victoria's Secret." 

She ripped the bag open to reveal a very sexy black negligee. It was silky and clingy and looked as good on her as any Victoria's Secret model in a magazine. She also discovered the black fuck me heels in the bag and slipped those on her feet. Finally she found the sexy black thong which was barely the size of a pirate's eye patch. She pulled those on over the heels. She looked like a million dollars even before she moved to the mirror to comb her hair and put on makeup. 

I slipped out of the bathroom knowing that the men would begin arriving soon. I called her Father and Uncle on the cell phone and gave them an update and final instructions on when (and how) they should arrive. We wanted this to be a huge surprise for Amy. 

One by one the lucky men arrived............some were still a bit sheepish thinking that this was somehow a scam or set up. However, I greeted each one with a handshake and welcomed them to the party. They all knew Amy's husband as he had attended the same high school. Once inside they quickly warmed up to the thought of sex with Amy, who was still primping in the bathroom. We wanted all the men to be in attendance before Amy made an appearance. 

Finally all the participants had arrived, including Will who had dumped his wife by telling her that he was going for drinks with some of his buddies. Also, Charles, Monty, Thor, and Bart also showed up eagerly anticipating the gang bang experience with the lovely Amy, who had yet to make an appearance. 

I went into the bathroom where Amy looked simply stunning in her sexy lingerie. She had slightly teased and tousled her hair and looked for the entire world like a Super Model. I told her all the participants were in the suite. As we had discussed she wanted them all lined up in nothing but their underwear when she made her appearance. 

I returned to the suite and asked all the men to strip down to their boxers or briefs. It was show time. I was eager to see what Amy's husband would do and lo and behold, he stripped down and stood at the end of the line of men. Guess he wanted to make sure his needs were met as well. I winked at him as I cranked up the stereo music. I chose some sixties funk music for Amy's grand entrance. Once she heard the music play for a few minutes the bathroom door opened and Amy waited for a few seconds before stepping through the door. She really knows how to play the crowd. Already the men were beginning to sport erections in anticipation of her appearance. 

Amy stepped through the bathroom door and there was an audible gasp as Amy slithered her way to the line of men. She started by sliding up to her husband, kissing him on the lips. She squeezed his cock through his boxers and moved to Charles who already had a huge boner pushing his boxers out obscenely. All the men were spellbound by Amy's lovely body. She had actually put some lipstick on her areolas to make them more visible through the negligee. 

As Amy moved down the line kissing the men and squeezing their cocks, they squirmed and twisted but all six men were too timid to reach out and grab Amy's breasts or reach between her legs. She was clearly in control as she sexily slithered from man to man. 

Finally it was time for action. Amy moved to Charles and grabbed his crotch as she slowly knelt before him. She told all the men to remove their boxers and get ready for action. As Charles dropped his laundry his cock was sticking straight out and fully erect. He had a nice, thick cock about 7 inches and fairly thick. He took Amy's cherry in high school and they fucked off and on for about two years. As she lowered her lips to his cock she looked up at him and smiled. Charles was almost giddy with anticipation as Amy wrapped her hand around the base of his cock and then moved her glossy wet lips around the pink head of his man meat. 

Once Amy had Charles's cock firmly in her mouth she reached out with her other hand to grasp Monty's rather meager cock. It was about 5 inches and very thin. It was the least impressive of all the cocks lined up for action. However, Amy reached out with her hand and stroked his Monty's cock while she continued vigorously sucking Charles' thick cock. 

Within a couple of minutes Charles was moaning and telling Amy that he was about to cum. His words pushed Amy to a faster pace while she also quickened her hand job on Monty. Charles soon gushed his load into Amy's waiting mouth and she never missed a beat stroking Monty's cock. While Charles was still cumming in Amy's mouth Monty groaned loudly and spurted his love juice all over the carpet and Amy's hand. While his cock was not impressive, his ejaculate was. He spurted what seemed like several ounces of sperm onto the carpet. Very impressive!!

Amy looked down the line at the array of cocks awaiting her. She told me later that she was concerned that the men would all cum quickly and not be able to perform. After all, she wanted a gang bang and it was about her, not them. 

Amy got up from her kneeling position and looked at me. "Isn't it about time to move this show into the bedroom?" I nodded and took Amy by the hand. We strolled into the bedroom and all six men followed while stroking their cocks in order to keep them nice and hard. 

Amy pulled the negligee over her head and once again, there was a collective gasp as the men gazed upon her lovely and luscious body. Obviously she had grown into a very sexy woman versus the young girl that they had known many years ago. Her body is simply stunning and she crawled up on the bed on all fours. She looked over her shoulder and said "Who's next fella's?" 

Will stepped forward and jumped on the bed. While Amy had not actually had sex with him she had teased him and given him a hand job in high school. When he stroked his cock to an impressive length and girth (about 8 + inches) it was easy to see why his wife kept him on a short leash. She did not want him sharing his love pole with any other women. 
