 Mary sat at her desk exhausted from the prolonged late hours and pressure deadlines of work. She rubbed her eyes and stretched her neck and back to ease the tension and pain that she felt. She was too tired to do any more tonight but the hours that she had put into this project would pay her back ten fold once the client's demands were satisfied. Besides she was ahead of the deadline and earned herself a weekend.

Mary smiled and thought of the nice relaxing weekend that she had planned. Tonight she was going to have the longest, the biggest bubble bath that she had ever taken in her life. Mary had neglected herself over the passed few weeks and desperately needed to do some body maintenance. The list of bath chores was not overly long but did include leg shaving and more importantly removing the stubble that had appeared on her usually smooth pussy. Mary normally kept herself well trimmed and ready in case the right man should magically appear and sweep her off her feet.

"Who am I kidding," she thought as she snapped back into reality, "I haven't had time to even think about sex since this damn project started."

Mary was very much a self driven and in control person. She always took charge of the team and ran with the project. Her boss loved her can do approach but this meant that her work load was always growing and the expectations getting higher and higher.

"Fuck it" she screamed in her head. Mary was sick and tired of always being the go to girl and she felt like she was now taken for granted. Mary wanted a weekend where she didn't have to make a decision, organize a meeting or prepare a briefing. This weekend she wanted some else to take control.

Mary cleaned up her desk and left the office, late as usual. She didn't like to drive to work because parking was a pain and very expensive so she took the bus and was one of the cattle car masses every morning and evening. Tonight she decided to walk for a bit and catch a cab. After all she was treating herself this weekend. As she strolled toward the long line of cabs she had a sudden desire to go to the local hotel lounge and have a nice relaxing cocktail before heading home.

"That will be as close as I get to a cocktail," she mused.

Lately Mary had been thinking more and more about sex. The pressures of work had pushed any chance of a normal steady relationship into the realm of the non existent. She sighed and entered the hotel walking casually across the lobby toward the lounge. As it was Friday night the lounge was busy and she had to squeeze through the crowd to get to the bar. Seating was impossible but she didn't mind, she had been sitting all day and it felt good to stand and bask in the noise and the care free atmosphere that consumed the whole bar. 

Mary ordered a Sloe Comfortable Screw and smiled to herself. She looked around half expecting to see someone she knew from the office or the building at least. Sadly there was no one that she recognized so she went back to just studying the mixed crowd of Friday night drinkers. She was halfway through her drink when a man's voice caught her ear. She knew that voice but couldn't place it. She quickly looked around and spotted Chris, a senior executive from across the hall. His company head hunted for high tech companies, many offshore and, if rumors were to be believed, many with questionable bank accounts. She had met Chris at lunch one day in the building food court and they shared a table while they ate. The conversation was normal nothing, but after that they would occasionally have coffee or lunch and some casual small talk.

Chris was talking to a small group of what must have been clients because she heard him say that he would make sure that they had a good time this weekend. The men all smiled and then handshakes all around and the group was gone leaving Chris on his own. Mary made a snap decision and went over to Chris and caught his eye. 

"Well hi there" said Chris. "I haven't seen you in a long time. What's kept you hidden away?"

"I've been swamped with this new project but I said the hell with it and I'm taking the weekend off" Mary replied.

Chris gave her one of his captivating smiles and Mary felt a tingle that she hadn't felt for a long time. 

"Do you have time for another drink?" he asked. "I'm escorting a group of clients around but they went to clean up and won't be back for about an hour. I'd love to spend that hour with you."

Mary almost choked on her drink. Was he flirting with her or was she just a way to pass the time? "I'd love to have another drink" she replied. "I want a Sloe Comfortable Screw" she said in a suggestive voice and watched for his reaction.

Chris didn't bat an eye but he did give her a panty dropping smile that made feel as if she was the only person in the room. "I bet you do", was all he said as he ordered their drinks. Mary spotted a couple getting ready to leave and she went to claim their small booth. Chris followed with the drinks and they sat down to enjoy each others company.

"I saw your clients leaving so I thought that I would come say hello."

"I'm glad that you did. You have brightened my evening because the rest of it is going to be playing tour guide for a group of men who expect me to show them the darker side of town."

Mary pondered this for a minute and asked "So where are you taking them? I really didn't know we had a dark side of town."

"Oh you know, the usual things, peeler bars where they can get a private dancer and maybe more for the right price. A taxi ride through the hooker district to ogle and maybe sample the merchandise. Stuff that they can do away from home and not feel guilty."

"I would never have expected to see this side of you if you hadn't told me. It's kind of exciting and shocking at the same time."

"What excites you and what shocks you?"

Mary paused to collect her thoughts. She wasn't drunk or even tipsy but she really wanted to flirt with Chris. It had been so long since she had alone with a guy who made her feel like an attractive woman.

"Well the shocking side is the reality that this thing actually happens, that it's not something just in the movies. The exciting thing is that I now know someone who is a sex tour guide."

Mary's mood changed from quiet and reserved to outgoing and playful. "Maybe you can take me on one of your tours sometime."

Chris gave her another smile that seemed to suggest that he wanted a lot more than just conversation. "You wouldn't be put off by the leers and comments of a group of horny guys out for a night of fleshy fun or do you want a personal tour just for you?"

Mary was treading on thin ice here but she had often fantasized about being the object of desire for a group of horny men. She had never followed through with her little fantasy but she had thought about it many times and had even masturbated while imagining herself at the mercy of several guys at once. Their hard cocks coming at her from all sides, in her mouth, in her cunt and in her ass. She is helpless to stop them. She is forced to suck all of them and she wants to do it. She wants to be used and treated roughly. Legs open wide to receive them any way they crave and demand. 

Mary snaps back to reality and seemed to blush a little as she replied, "I think I could handle the leers and comments."

Chris smiled again and she felt the inside of her pussy start to moisten. What was she doing, she asked herself. He must think I'm nothing but a slut. But that thought excited her even more. Deep down she really wanted to be a slut. She wanted to shake off the day to day reality of always being in control and the go to girl. Tonight she wants to be a slut.

Mary ran her tongue around the rim of her drink and looked into Chris's eyes as she seductively licked her lips and stroked the stem of the glass. Chris couldn't help but pick up on her signals and reached across to take her hand in his.

"Come with me tonight" he said. It wasn't a request but more of an order. "I guarantee that you will enjoy what happens."

Mary trembled slightly bowed her head and nodded to accept her fate. When she looked up Chris was still smiling and she felt her heart racing. He moved around and sat beside her, so he was between her and the rest of the room. He pinned he against the back of the seat and forced his mouth onto hers. Mary responded immediately. She opened her mouth to let his tongue explore at will. She lifted one leg to invite him to take more if he wanted, and Chris wanted more. He slid his hand between her thighs and rubbed the edges of her hot panty covered pussy. He slipped a finger inside and played with the now very wet lips of her hot inflamed cunt. 

Mary moaned and reached for his cock. She wanted to feel it in her hand, she wanted to taste it, to have him force his way into her mouth and down her throat. But just when she was about to unzip his pants Chris stopped her and pulled away.

"Don't move or say anything." Chris took out his cell phone and dialed a number. "This is Chris" he said to the unknown party. "A change of plans but I think you'll be pleased. Meet me in an hour at my apartment." Mary was genuinely scared but Chris assured her that he wouldn't let anything happen to her that she didn't want to have happen. 

He whispered into her ear "Tonight I am your Master and Protector. I will bring you all the pleasures you can handle and you will be the object of my desire." 

He then kissed her gently as if to say that nothing bad would happen. Nothing bad could be open to interpretation and Mary wanted to be bad, very bad. They left the hotel and took a short cab ride to Chris's apartment. Once they were inside he removed her coat and took her into the bedroom. 

"I want you to tell me now whether you want to stay or go. If you stay you will do as I say and obey all my orders. If you want to go I will call you a cab and that will be the end of it. I won't stop you or try to convince you to stay. But let me be clear about this, if you stay you are mine to do with as I choose. The decision to stay or go is yours but if you stay that will be the last decision you make until tomorrow."

Mary hesitated but only for a second before answering, "I'll stay."

Chris told her to remove all her clothes because they were going to have a quick shower together.

"I want to make sure that you are clean and ready for what I have planned for you tonight." 

He sat on the bed and watched as Mary removed her blouse and let her skirt fall to the floor. She then removed her bra and Chris gave her one of his special smiles.

"You have wonderful breasts and they deserve to be touched and kissed. I want you to pinch your nipple for me. I want you to play with your nipples until they are hard and firm."

Mary did as she was told. She closed her eyes and massaged her breasts with the palms of her hands before taking each nipple between her thumb and forefinger and squeezing hard. They responded immediately and she felt the sparks fly from her nipples down through her belly and directly into her pussy. 

"Now remove your panties and hand them to me."

Mary reached down and slid her hands into the waist band of her panties. She liked to treat herself when it came to her lingerie and she was wearing a very sexy sheer bikini with lace trim, a garter and dark but sexy stockings. Chris watched intensely as she forced her panties down her legs stepping out of then to reveal her shaved pussy. Mary handed him her panties and stood waiting for him to command her. Chris held the panties to his face and took in her strong woman's scent. He opened his mouth and tasted the crotch to savor the juices that had collected just for him. When he took the panties away he looked directly at Mary's pussy that was just inches from his face. Without saying a word he knelt forward and kissed her pussy. Mary instinctively grabbed his head and pulled him tightly to her willing him to taste her direct from the source.

Chris complied for a few minutes but he pulled away and said, "You need to give yourself a quick trim to get this pussy as smooth as possible. Besides I like to watch a woman shave herself."

Leading her to the bathroom he began to fill the tub with warm water. As the tub filled he told Mary to undress him. Mary acted as though she was in a trance but she was aware of everything around her. She loved what was happening and wanted to please Chris and make him happy. She removed his shirt and was thrilled to see that he was a trim fit man without excessive muscles which she really didn't like. Kneeling she removed his socks and reached up to undo his belt and the waist of his pants. As she unzipped him her eyes locked on to the bulge in his silk boxers. Lowering his pants she never took her eyes off his cock and once Chris stepped out of his pants he took her hands and placed them on his hard throbbing cock. Mary massaged him through the silk covering and after a few minutes she reached up and pulled the boxers down to reveal a totally shaved and fully erect phallus of wonderful proportions. He wasn't circumcised but the head of his cock easily pushed through the slight foreskin. His balls were smooth and tucked tightly under is cock and Mary kissed each one before moving her tongue up his shaft and finally taking him into her hot and willing mouth.

Chris moaned as Mary treated his cock to a fantastic tongue bath and he let the waves of pleasure wash over him. However he had a tight schedule to keep and he wanted Mary shaved and dressed in the outfit he knew would please his guests. He handed Mary a fresh razor and ladies shave gel and told to start and he would be right back. Mary stepped into the tub and sat in the warm water and she instantly felt her muscles relax and any remaining tension evaporate. She sat up and squirted a small dollop of gel on her fingers and rubbed it into a thick lather on her pussy. She began to shave the light stubble and she could see the lips of her smooth and slightly inflamed pussy opening and closing with each stroke of the sharp razor. 

Chris returned carrying a French Maid outfit and a pair of pale blue sheer thong panties.

"This is how you will dress tonight and how you will behave. My clients are coming here in about 20 minutes and I want you dressed and ready to receive them. You will answer the door and offer them a drink and let them see just how much you want to please them. If they want to touch you, you are to let them. I will be there and watching everything and I promise you that I will not let them hurt you. I want you to bend over so they can see your ass and lean forward so they can get a full view of your breasts. As the evening progresses I may have you change outfits but I will decide as we go along. Do you understand?" Mary nodded. "You have a voice so use it." Yes she replied.

"Good." Chris knelt down beside the tub and spoke softly to Mary. "Mary, I know that this is new and likely a little over whelming right now but I must have you behave and obey my every command. If I think that you are not doing something right or hesitate when I give you an order I will have to discipline you. It may be verbal, it may be physical but you must accept my authority and do as I tell you." 

He leaned forward and kissed her tenderly and slipped his hand between her legs to play with her cunt. "Finish up and get dressed, then meet me in the kitchen."

When Mary finished dressing she walked to the kitchen and saw Chris setting out some drinks glasses, liquor, beer and mix. He was dressed in black pants and a crisp white shirt that was open at the neck. He smiled when he saw her and had her model the outfit for his inspection. He asked her to bend over and show him her panty covered ass and he reached under her short skirt to adjust the thong and put the thin strip of fabric between her pussy lips. It nestled against her clit and every time she moved it sent a tingle through her quim. He then adjusted her breasts so that they were easily seen above the low cut top.

"Perfect" he said and kissed Mary before offering her a drink.

"You can have a drink at any time but don't drink it when others are watching. Remember you are here to serve and to please. I'll be very frank and tell you that I believe that these men will want a lot more than just a drink, a look and a cheap feel. They're going to want you to fuck them and suck them and you will do as you are told, understand?"

Mary replied that she did and then asked "How do you want me to address you? Is Chris ok or do I have to call you Sir, or Master or what?"

"Let's keep it simple and use Sir. I really think that Master is overdoing it and Chris is too familiar for a maid." He stopped for a second and then added, "After tonight is over I will do anything you want. If you want to keep things the same that's ok but if you want to change the mix then I will do it, but tonight you are mine. Tomorrow is another day."

No sooner had he finished than the doorbell rang. "Showtime" he said and Mary went to greet the guests.

Mary reached the front entrance, steadied herself and opened the door. The three men were not prepared for the sight that greeted them and they seemed to hesitate.

"Welcome gentlemen, Chris is expecting you. Won't you please come in."

The three men stepped into the apartment and Mary took their coats and asked them to go through to the living room where Chris was waiting for them. When Mary returned to the group Chris introduced her to the men.

"Mary this is Jeffery, Simon and Paul. Gentlemen this is my maid, Mary. She will see to your every need. Now gentlemen please give Mary your drink orders and we can relax and discuss what you may want to do this evening." 

Mary took their orders and went to the kitchen to prepare the drinks. She took the tray and went back into the living room. As she gave each his drink she made sure that they got a good look down the front of her outfit at her swelling breasts. Chris watched the men's reaction and was thrilled to see that they were all mesmerized by Mary's ample assets. Her ass was out there for all to see when she bent forward to offer the tray of drinks. Chris decided to move things along stepping behind Mary cupping her breasts in his hands.

"Tell me Jeffery have you ever seen such wonderful specimens as these?"

"Well" replied Jeffery. "I would need to see them uncovered before I could be sure but from here they do look very nice. What do you think Paul?"

"I agree with you, I think that she should remove that outfit so we can see just how pert and firm they are."

"I concur" said Simon. "Remove the dress."

Chris unzipped the back of Mary's skimpy outfit and she let it drop to the floor. There was a round of applause as she stepped out of the maid's uniform and paraded around in just her pale blue thong. Mary was putting on quite the show stopping in front of each man so they could see how red and hard her nipples were. Chris called her to him and he had her stand straight and still.

"Who would like to sample these fine wares?" he asked. "Anyone wish to do a taste test?"

Immediately Simon was out of his chair, eager to be the first to suckle at Mary's teats. He held one in each hand and took the right nipple into his mouth running his tongue around the firm little nub of flesh. He then moved to the left breast and while he treated the nipple to a loving suck he pinched the right one and Mary let out a low moan of delight. Without even thinking about what she was doing Mary reached forward and grabbed Simon's cock rubbing it through his pants feeling it stiffen and grow hard under her willing touch. Meanwhile Chris was kneeling behind Mary and running his tongue between the cheeks of her ass. He forced her legs open and rubbed the front of her panty covered pussy. Jeffery and Paul needed no further encouragement and they began to undress. Mary watched as the two men stripped in record time their hard cocks standing at attention and ready for action. Simon stepped back replaced immediately by Jeffery and Paul who each began to suck for all they were worth. Mary's breasts were on fire. Her nipples had never been so hard and sensitive and Chris's fingers were making her wet and ready for a good hard fucking. Chris stood and observed looking at Mary who was now being consumed by the two men. Simon had removed his clothes as well and took Chris's place behind Mary. 
