 Usually, the back room at Nasty Nikki's is filled with anxious girls, waiting to perform. Occasionally, only one girl performs, and that night, Savannah was the talent.

It wasn't her first time performing; nor was it her first time performing solo. Her first performance made her so nervous; she nearly passed out after the first guy came inside her. After hundreds of performances, she's fallen in love with being on stage, getting fucked by horny men paying to fuck her.

She started performing two years ago and has since become a club favorite. She went from performing once a month to performing almost every night. Every time she's on stage, she feels like a slutty goddess as men toss money at her and fuck her silly.

That night was exciting because it was her first open session, meaning any man could buy a ticket and fuck her. Up until then, the most men she'd had sex with during a solo session was ten. She knew she would blow past that record in the first thirty minutes.

"Gentlemen, tonight we have a first." The DJ's voice electrified Savannah. "An all you can fuck open session."

She checked herself in the mirror, brushing her short, curly ginger hair out of her face and displaying her cute freckles. Her light-colored eyeshadow highlighted her green eyes, making them look like emeralds. The glittery red lipstick made her lips look pouter and sparkled in the light.

She adjusted the low-cut top of her slutty nurse costume, making sure her big, luscious tits were sitting perky. The skin-tight, mini dress did little to restrain her massive DD tits, which jiggled like water balloons; they were so soft. Her light tan freckles speckled her chest like twinkling stars, making her look like a sweet and innocent teenager.

She ran her hands over her wide hips and down her thick, juicy thighs. The six-inch white stiletto boots made her pink, freckled legs look long and toned, and they matched her white and red outfit. She hiked up the bottom of her short dress, exposing a little bit of her freckled, bubbly ass.

"Here she is..." She turned and readied to walk out on stage. "Slutty Savannah!"

The audience erupted, losing their minds as she entered the room. Savannah strutted to the center of the stage, swaying her thick hips and bouncing her big tits. Her voluptuous, tight eighteen-year-old body made every dick in the room hard as a rock in seconds.

"Hi, boys!" she moaned. "Who wants to fuck me?" The crowd hooted and hollered as she ran her hands down her five-foot-three frame. "Let's turn it up, DJ!"

Music started playing, and she danced, wiggling and jiggling her voluptuous curves. As she bounced and moved across the stage, her tits hopped and shook like jello. The mini dress struggled to hold back their weight, which drove every man in the crowd crazy.

Within minutes, the stage was covered in hundred-dollar bills, and more fell to the stage as she pulled the top of her outfit down. She pulled her arms through and pushed the dress down around her hips.

Her hands slid across her sexy freckles, massaging her tremendous tits. She rolled her dark pink nipples between her fingers and moaned while arching her back. She placed her feet together and pushed the dress over her hips, exposing the top of her bright orange arrow-shaped bush. Her body trembled with excitement, creating vibrations that shimmied the dress down her legs.

The place went wild as she opened her thighs and ran her hand over her shiny, wet vulva. Both lips were engorged and throbbing between her legs. She pulled her wet lips apart with her fingertips and showed the crowd her tiny, tight cunt.

The lights darkened and a spotlight shined on her, allowing two employees to bring out a specialized table without being noticed. When the lights came back up, Savannah sashayed over to the table and dropped to the floor, twerking and clapping her ass cheeks as she rose.

She turned and faced all the horny spectators and licked her lips. As the men growled, she ran her middle finger down her slit and pushed into her tightness. Her moans filled the room as her slim finger found her hot spot, rubbing against the bulging button, building blissful pressure between her hips.

Her thumb rubbed beneath her tiny hood, adding to her building pleasure. Flashes of ecstasy arced through her body, creating an explosive knot in her stomach. She moaned and leaned her head back as her stomach tightened and her extremities began twitching. Her soft, perky tits jiggled on her chest; her nipples hardened and throbbed in agony.

She leaned back and started bouncing on her hand as her pussy pulsating around her finger. Her tight twat trembled as earth-shattering thrills rattled her body. Her thighs jiggled more and her legs crossed. The room filled with sounds of her sloshing pussy as her hand smacked against her wet lips.

She worked her pussy harder, rubbing her clit and hitting her G-spot at the same time. Thousands of dollars rained down as she screamed in jubilation, and her pussy gushed around her finger.

She fell back on the table, shaking and bucking her hips against her hand. She pulled her fingers out and rubbed her clit, spraying squirt across the stage and splashing several men in the front row. The crowd cheered and threw more money as she continued stroking her squirting slit.

As the crowd cheered louder, two lovely female assistants, wearing only skimpy lingerie, came out to situate Savannah on the table. They laid her down and opened her legs, tying her ankles and knees to the corners of the table with soft, silk ties.

One of the assistants poured cunt-intensifying lubricant into her palm and massaged it into Savannah's sopping pussy, twirling her fingers inside Savannah until her pussy was burning. The other stood at the edge of the stage, signaling the DJ they were ready.

"All right gentlemen, who's ready to fuck Slutty Savannah?" Countless men roared. "If you don't have a ticket, tickets are available at the hostess's desk. For those of you with tickets, we'll start with numbers one through ten."

The first ten guys handed the sexy assistant their tickets and pulled out their dicks. Some men only unzipped their pants while others stripped completely naked.

Savannah looked up and saw ten different throbbing cocks coming at her. The first man between her legs had a long, thin cock that poked inside her like a sharp finger. He pushed in and out using long, slow thrusts, letting Savannah feel every inch one a time.

Two guys stepped up to the table, dangling their different cocks in Savannah's face. She tightly wrapped her fingers around the big, brown one while sucking the smaller white one into her mouth. After only a few strokes, the big, brown cock swelled and blew its load all over her hand and arm.

The little white cock throbbed harder as she flicked over the tip with her tongue. She moaned and bobbed her head back and forth, pumping the cock as best she could. Its smaller size made it easy to swallow his entire length; she even sucked his balls into her mouth at the same time.

She loved the salty taste and abundant textures of both cock and balls being in her mouth. The small cock seemed to like it as well as it began swelling and coating her tongue in thick globs of precum. The slimy goo tingled on her tongue, making her quiver, which vibrated the thin cock slowly slamming into her carnal cunt.

Suddenly, both cocks went off, spraying her insides with steaming spunk. She yelped, and her body tensed and shivered as hot cream coated her convulsing cunt and trickled down her tight throat. Her pussy moistened the cumming cock, filling her body with exhilaration. The sudden orgasm rippled through her, spurred on by the two dicks surging inside her.

In seconds, the thin cock emptied its load and pulled out, but the little cock continued oozing, filling her mouth so much that she started gagging. The small cock finally withdrew, and she leaned her head back and showed the cock's owner his cum gargling in her throat before being swallowed.

Two more cocks filled her hands as another cock rammed inside her wet and sticky pussy. She moaned and gagged while sucking another brown cock and stroking a black one. The chubby, tan cock inside her throbbed against her G-spot as its owner rubbed her clitoris.

She whined as the chubby cock pummeled her pussy, making her moan on the brown cock. Her hand tugged on the black dick as she began filling another orgasm building. The brown cock pushed deeper into her mouth and fucked her throat. She felt the pit of stomach tighten, knowing the plump cock was about to make her cum.

The brown cock exploded in her mouth, drowning her moans in jizz as she shrieked around the bulging shaft. Every stream of cum that hit her throat met a hard groan as her pussy quaked, bouncing her body and jiggling her curvaceous figure.

She continued sucking the brown cock until every drop of cum shot into her mouth. Without stopping, she swallowed and sucked the big black cock into her mouth. The raging chocolate bar fucked into her throat for a solid minute before pulling out and blasting her cute freckled face.

The bulbous purple head sprayed big, thick ropes as she stroked it, smiling at the grunting owner. The black cock nearly plastered her face in hot semen before softening and pulling away. As she basked in her gooey glory, another dick pushed opened her lips and slid down her throat.

Her body tensed and squeezed around the flabby cock inside her. The fat cock erupted, coating her insides with the hottest goo yet. She clamped on the cock, milking as hard as she could while deepthroating another. More men crowded the stage and started jerking off all over her body, many blasting their cum within seconds of seeing her.

The cocks in her hand and mouth blew smaller loads, but the cum was thick and extra gooey. Another cock filled her saturated cunt and fucked her hard and fast. Her pussy was wet and chock-full of cum, and it made squishing and sloshing sounds as more cocks moved in and out between her legs, making her cum over and over.

Soon, her entire face was covered in cum; so much cum that she couldn't see anymore. She lay there for hours, screaming and squirming, becoming the hottest cum slut in the world. Cock after cock fucked her and filled her sweet teeny pussy with gallons of goop, showering her with endless waves of orgasms.

While handling three sizable cocks, one gigantic dick slid into her cum-gushing pussy. She screamed on the cock in her mouth as the monstrosity pushed into her sodden womb. The creampies before it made her pussy slippery and fuckable, so the big dick wasted no time in tearing Savannah a new hole.

The girth and length overwhelmed her with tingly sensations of heat and excitement. Elation and joy flooded her mind as the pain of being stretched so hard and fast made her pussy tighten instantly. Her pussy wobbled as her entire body stiffened and she tried to close her legs and stop the rampaging cock.

The cocks in her hands and mouth exploded as the biggest dick in the room ravaged her. The rest of the men stepped back and watched the huge cock fuck her pussy into orgasmic oblivion. Savannah's hips jerked as her pussy swelled, spraying cum and squirt all over the hard-pounding cock. Again and again, the cock smashed her pussy until her voice went hoarse.

While Savannah screeched in ecstasy, the massive cock blew its load, shooting big streams of cum like a geyser. She squealed and threw her hips into the air as she felt the cum splashing against the depths of her pussy. Her body quivered, and jolts of passion jiggled her soft figure as the cock pulled out, releasing a waterfall of cum that gushed out of her gaping cunt.

Before she could relax, a curved cock slid into her mouth as another curved cock slid into her pussy. She jumped and squirmed as both bent cocks worked her holes with twisted magic. They fucked her at the same time, pushing her body in on itself. The curved shaft pillaging her loosened wetness contoured with her sweet spots, making her pussy tighten and stretch.

Still writhing in ecstasy, she came on the two cocks, screaming on one while squeezing the other with her gooey grip. It didn't take long after that to make both dicks cum, blasting their liquid white gold down her throat and into her cunt. The curved cum hoses sprayed her at different angles, making her hips buck and her back arch.

She continued stroking, sucking, and fucking until her entire body was covered in cum and sore from being manhandled. As the last man blew his load on top of her ginger bush, the crowd cheered and clapped.

"Let's give the lovely and talented Ms. Slutty Savannah another round of applause." The crowd clapped louder. "That's our show! Thank ya'll for coming out and don't forget to pay your tabs before you leave. I'm your host, DJ Freak; good-night everyone!"

As the club began emptying, the sexy assistants helped Savannah off the table and into the back room. She stumbled and struggled to walk straight as her pussy still ached and pulsated from the destruction caused by the biggest dick she's ever felt.