 After 27 years together my wife and I have always had a lively, loving and sometimes kinky sex life we both love each other beyond all doubt, but lately have been sharing our fantasies.

Whilst my wife likes to fantasy she is a little shy in sharing her most inner thoughts or fantasies, so I took the lead when we were talking the other night.

I mentioned that I would love to see her being gangbanged whilst I film and take photos of the action, her reply was if I agreed how would we set it up? I said so you would consider it, to which she replied maybe, but she would have to choose the men.

Now my wife is a woman who is proud of her looks and takes pride in her appearance, she is 5"10 in height, of slightly cuddly build with a fantastic pair of tits and a smooth as silk pussy, which gets very wet when played with by fingers or orally, so those who would get to see her would be very appreciative.

The following couple of days my mind was going over and over of how I could get my fantasy to become a reality, so some research on the internet resulted in a dating site being the best option, so that night I brought up the subject whilst we were having a little session. To my surprise she said ok.

In the past we had taken some nude photos of my wife in various poses and various states of nakedness. So decided to use some of them in an advert for the services of men who were interested in attending a night of un-inhibited sex and passion.

That night we had some of the best sex we had ever had, she was so horny and couldn't get enough of my cock, tongue and fingers.

A week or so later we set to getting the advert uploaded to our chosen site, posting some photos of my sexy wife, the photos showed her in some soft shots and didn't reveal too much as we wanted to keep the suspense going. We also decided that the "event" would take place in a hotel so as not to have any come back to our hometown, we gave details of what we were looking for long stayers with a large manhood was a must, but photos in reply to our ad with just a "cock" shot would get very short change and be deleted we also said what we didn't want, perv's and anyone with facial hair. One last review of the ad and it came to that moment - hitting the send button to upload.

We decided that we would leave it a couple of days before we checked our profile to see if anyone had replied, on the chosen night we set up the PC whilst in bed, my little trick as I knew my wife would get horny reading any reply's. To my horror not a single reply had been received, so we were quite despondent.

The following night I checked the ad and to my delight the replies had started to come in, after some thought we decided that we would give it a week then reply to everyone thanking them for showing an interest, this would be followed up with further requests from the chosen men to complete our selection process, that nights sex was fantastic she was so horny.

So the following week went by and the night came where we would reply to the ads and select those who we didn't want to take our fantasy any further, my wife then mentioned that we hadn't agreed on a number to attend, we agreed that the best way was to roll a couple of dice. I quickly made up some rules (to suit my fantasy, more than the wife's) these were doubles would not count and only one roll would take place. I gave the dice over to my wife and she very carefully shook them in her hands, she rolled them out on the bed, a 3 and a 4 was the result I looked into her eyes with a wicked smile on my face and a rock hard cock to back it up, she just stared at the dice with her mouth wide open, I asked what was wrong to which she just gulped and said "you want me to screw 7 men in one night!! Of course that was what we agreed.

We chose the 7 men and asked them to submit details of the size of cock on offer and some of the things they would like to do to my wife, the return e-mails got us both very horny.

So we arranged the night and confirmed the date and time with our "new" friends, the "event" was to take place in 2 weeks' time on a Saturday night, those 2 weeks seemed to take for ever to go by.

So eventually the day came and we set off for the hotel, a 45 minute drive away, we went early so we could get sorted out with all that was needed, after checking in at the hotel and the trying out of the bed we showered and set of for the nearby town to get my wife ready for her big night, firstly she went for a waxing to make her pussy silky smooth, then off for the nails and hair to be done. This was followed by my favourite bit picking the sexy underwear, we chose a very sexy black outfit and some very high red heels.

Back at the hotel a dress rehearsal was required so I could see what my sexy wife looked like, I was blown away when she came out the bathroom, and she just looked so sexy I could have screwed her there and then, but she was having none of it saying that she wanted to be fresh for her men.

The agreement was that I would meet them in the bar, give the room number and then return to my wife to await their arrival, this went as planned and we sat nervously in the room waiting for the first knock on the door, this dually came and my wife went to let the first of the men in. She invited them in and escorted them into the room, they all commented of how she looked, a further knock on the door signalled the arrival of the remaining guys.

I laid down the ground rules and then handed over to my wife, she instructed the men to strip so she could see the cocks were up to scratch, the men formed a line and like a true slut my wife went along the line wanking each rod to bring it to full erection, she then went back down the line sinking to her knees before each cock and give head to each one, I just stood transfixed at what I was seeing only to then realise that I was supposed to be filming and snapping away to record the events.

Once each guy had received his blow job, my wife walked over to the bed climbed up onto it rolled over and said I'm all yours guys, to which several of the men stepped forward and started to caress her all over, they were kissing her full on the lips, needing her tits through the underwear she still had on and rubbing her between her legs, the camcorder was recording it all and I took photos as well. Then the first guy got hold of her knickers and gently removed them down her thighs, to which a little sigh came from my wife, by now she had a cock in each hand and one in her mouth as the guy who had just removed her knickers gently opened her legs, several comments were made to how her smooth bald pussy looked. He then positioned himself between them and started to lick away at my wife's pussy, she moaned in delight at what was being done to her.

The sight of my wife of 27 years having 4 men servicing her at the same time got me rock hard, the other 3 guys were working at removing the remainder of her underwear, she was groaning with delight, at this point the first cock in her grip shot his load over her tits quickly followed by the second one, the sight of this was too much for the guy having his cock sucked and he signalled that he was about to unload, now my wife has never been one for swallowing a load of gizz, but she just kept sucking on the cock until he tenced up and unloaded his seed down her throat, I just recorded it all.

The spent guys stepped back to let the others get in on the act, my wife had become a complete slut, she was now thrusting her hips at the mouth on her pussy and I could tell she was approaching her first orgasm of the night which came moments later she was panting like mad and the guy just kept licking her pussy, he retreated and prepared himself to enter my wife as she went to work on another hard cock in her mouth. The guy about to enter her was of medium size similar to my cock size so I knew she could handle his trusts once he entered her, she was flat on her back legs open I got as close as possible to capture this moment on film, the guy gently eased his cock into my wife's pussy, to which she gave another groan as he began to thrust into her she was now being screwed whilst sucking a cock and wanking a third - what a sight.

The guy in her mouth removed his cock before unloading over her tits, she then rubbed the come into her tits whilst wanking the third cock before shifting herself to suck on his hard member, by now the other guys had recovered and moved in for more action, the guy in her pussy was screwing her for all his worth he then withdrew to shoot over her bald mound.

Instantly he was replaced by another cock, this one was slightly bigger than the previous and look fantastic as it entered her pussy, bringing another groan and a thrusting of my wife's hips as she tried to get all of the cock into her, at this point she was getting vocal and was asking to be screwed hard and fast, this brought the guy to the point of no return and he shot over her mound as the previous guy had done, she whimpered at being deprived of feeling the guys seeds explode inside her pussy.

So she had now been screwed by 2 guys and had had 5 ejaculations over her body or down her throat, she looked up at me and just gave me a little smile before beckoning her next cock to enter her now dripping wet pussy, which one do you want I said to her she looked at the guy standing at the end of the bed and said if your gentle you can screw me the guy in question had a large cock about 9" in length and quite fat, so I knew she would gasp when it entered her. He gently rubbed his cock up and down my wife's pussy teasing her and getting her acheing for his weapon, he then inserted his cock into her stretching her lips as it went in, she bit her lip as she prepared for the onslaught her pussy was about to take.

I looked round the room and could see the other guys getting ready to screw my wife, the only guy not to have shot his load was rubbing his cock, this was the guy we had chosen to screw her last as he had a 10" cock that was as thick as my wrist, so I knew that would stretch my wife to a point that she had not experienced since child birth. Looking back at my wife she was now on her knees being screwed from behind, she had her face to the side and her arse in the air as the big cock just continued to be buried deep into her, she groaned to me that her pussy was being shagged roar and that she loved it, I loved watching her in this state. The guy then positioned my wife so she had to gently sit on his tool and I got a great shot of the length of his cock entering her pussy, she just closed her eyes and began rubbing her clit, I knew this would bring her to orgasm and she was in a world of her own.

The guy thrust up into her and as she exploded in orgasm he started to pump his come into her, my wife just let out a whimper as she got her pussy creamed for the first time that evening. After being gently laid down on the bed it was time for the monster cock to enter her pussy, she looked up as the guy applied some lubrication to his length, she signalled to one of the other guys and started to suck him off, I'm sure this was to take her mind off the size of the cock about to enter her pussy. The monster cock started to enter her and she push her hand on his stomach to stop him going in to fast, either so she could adjust to the size or saviour the true magic of it.

Once the full length was buried in her she groaned and started to thrust her hips at it, this helped the guy in mouth unload, she gagged on his cock as he continued to pump his seed down her throat, the guy withdrew and wiped his cock on my wife's tits, the other guys has positioned themselves around her and were wanking there cocks the scene was electric, my wife was thrusting her hips to the cock in her pussy, she was in full flow, she then instructed the other guys to come over her tits and face, which after several minutes they all obliged. The monster cock guy was now working up to his orgasm, my wife encouraging him to fill her pussy with his seed, he sped up to a speed where I knew it must have been hurting my wife, but she just rubbed her clit in tune to the thrusts into her this was too much for the guy and he buried himself deep into her and pumped her full of his come.

My wife orgasmed at the same time, afterwards they both laid still for several minutes before the guy slowly withdrew his cock, all the guys then instructed my wife to lay with her legs spread wide open so they could watch the come run out of her bald pussy, what a sight.

All the guys then thanked me and my wife for the evening's entertainment, dressed and left the room, looked at the time and it was 2am, they had been seeing to my wife for over 5 hours - wow

I looked at my come covered wife, she looked gorgeous her pussy all red and her tits covered in come, she looked up at me and said was that what you expected, to which I said no it was better than I expected.