 There are pluses and minuses to living in small town USA, and never are the minuses more apparent than when dealing with sex.  Having an affair is tough, because everybody knows everybody and gossip abounds.  Porno is pretty much an internet thing, and bars are just that, bars.  Nothing else.  

Well actually, that part is not entirely true.  Which becomes one of the pluses.  Every so often a bar in a rural area decides to try and be different.  Occasionally, that difference can the addition of "exotic" dancers.  I use the term "exotic" advisedly because these little rural places can't afford to bring in any kind of traveling dancers, it's strictly local talent.  Which has it's pluses and minuses.  

It seems to me that there are three broad categories of women who provide the local talent in our little corner of the world.  The first is the sweet young girl who thinks working in a strip club is like "Flashdance," her big break in show biz.  These girls are pretty, dance great, but won't go near any of the customers.  They also don't last very long.  Fun to watch, though.  

The second type are the mercenaries.  Yep, pros.  Some are outright prostitutes who start every lap dance by almost blowing your eardrum in and then say "Mmmmm, you're so sexy, want a date later?"  Even if they are not outright pros, the mercenaries are usually not much fun, they look bored, distracted and won't lift a finger unless you got your Jackson out.

The third type is a gold mine.  She is a natural exhibitionist and loves to get the attention of men.  Because they are not always stacked and gorgeous, you probably won't find these kind of women in the big city clubs.  They usually don't dance as well as the "Flashdance" girls, and will either not last very long or become mercenary.  But when you find one of these you treat her well because she is precious.  Find a club with two or three of these girls and it is well worth driving over four or five counties to get there, as we are talking serious fun.

I was a little out of sorts on a Thursday night, so I drove out the Sugar Shack.  The Shack is out on the county line a good half hour drive from home.  The Shack is a low one-storey building at a crossroads.  A small platform is in one corner and round tables that seat four people are scattered around a dark non-descript room.  The dancers play their own music on a boom box which sits behind them on the floor of the stage.  We are talking real rural here!

Three dancers were working, two "Flashdancers" and one pro.  I had seen the pro before and stayed as far away as possible.  After a bit, I enticed one of the flashdancers over to my table and we talked for quite a while, a pretty girl with blonde shoulder length, curly hair, tall with nice breasts.  It's kind of nice talking to a near naked woman at some length about the weather, sports, her classes and the like, but knowing that nothing else is going to happen, I can only stay at it for so long.

About 11 o'clock I paid up my bill, left a nice tip for my conversation partner and hit the cool night air.  As I got into my car I debated with myself whether to head home or look for another place I had heard about.  It was called the PlayPen or something.  Who the heck names these places anyway?  It was over in the next county.  After a short debate and a look at the map, I decided to head over.  I could always call in sick tomorrow.

About a half hour later I was pulling into the gravel parking lot of Peggy's Playground, a tiny looking building with a sign in danger of falling over which simply said "dancers."  Not very promising, but having driven all this way, I went in.

As I literally ducked through the door, the place immediately lived down to my expectations.  On one wall was a small raised platform, it had rope around it so it looked like a tiny boxing ring.  There were tables scattered around with no one sitting at them.  On the other side of the tables, two empty couches were in semi-darkness.  A bored looking blond was in the ring, shuffling her feet, sort of.  She had on a green bikini and high heels.  About a dozen guys were in the place, all at the bar.  Not even one guy was looking in the direction of the blonde.  I figured one beer, then I was on my way home.

I sat at the bar and ordered a beer.  Even  in a dump like this they charge $2.50, just because they have a girl in the place.  I figured the dancer must be a pro since everyone was avoiding her.  I sat at the bar and nursed my beer for a few minutes.  Then I got my first surprise of the evening.  The bartender said "Last call, guys."  Geez, it was only 11:45, most places closed at one or two, two being the official closing time.  I was even more surprised when no one ordered another drink, and only one guy got up and left.  This seemed curious to me.  Green bikini kept shuffling around, but made no move to strip down further.

A little over 10 minutes later the barkeep announced "OK, that's it gentlemen" and shut off the lights behind the bar.  Again, no one got up to leave, including me.  The bartender came around the bar, went to the front door and locked it.  I was really getting nervous at this point, here I was in a strange bar and the bartender said the place was closed and now he had locked us in!  This was too weird.  I watched as the bartender walked around the perimeter of the place and finally exited in to a back room.

At the same time he entered the doorway, a woman was coming out.  She was stark naked, except for a pair of high heels.  Truth be told, I wish she had some clothes on.  She was on the short side and little pudgy.  She got better as she got closer.  Her face was round and framed by short dark hair that spilled down in soft curls.  A big smile was inside full red lips.  As she walked my way, I realized that she looked a lot more friendly than sexy.  I could easily see her in a flowered dress walking down Main Street.  Now, it is not often that I dress up women with my eyes!

While I was watching her, the blonde had walked up and was standing in front of me.  In one hand she had a bowl full of bills and in her outstretched hand she had a single condom.  When I turned and saw her, I was a bit startled, I didn't see her come over to me.  She stood for a moment with her hand out, but said nothing.  Finally she said, "You don't have to if you don't want to," and walked down to the next guy.  You could say I was a mite confused at this point, but very curious.

By this time the brunette from the back had reached me.  She hopped up on the stool next to me and said "Hi, Sweety, this your first time here?"

"Yeah, pretty obvious, isn't it?"  

She laughed.

"Oh, yeah.  Most of the guys here are regulars.  We're kinda out of the way."  

I nodded in agreement.  

She continued, "We have these after hours parties, for a hundred bucks you can do anything you want with Jaimie and me, the only thing is, you gotta wear a condom."  

I almost blurted out "No shit, I'm gonna wear a rubber!" but I held back.  But I had to say something.

"Well, I don't know.  You and Jaimie sure are pretty and all, but this is my first time here."

"It's OK, honey.  By the way, my name is Erin."

"Hi Erin, it's nice to meet you," I said out of habit.  Her face was so cute, with an impish smile and eyes that twinkled even in the dim lights of the dumpy bar.  I was beginning to wish we had met under more romantic circumstances.

"Tell you what, since you are so nice, for twenty bucks you can watch and get in on the finale if you want."  I didn't know what the finale was, but I figured that since twenty bucks was the going price for a lap dance and I figured whatever was going to happen would be worth that.  I gave the bill to Erin and she put it on the bar.  She then pushed my knees apart and squeezed in between and rubbed her small breasts over my chest, belly and down to my crotch.  Rubbing and pinching her nipples she rubbed them on my pants where my cock was hardening.  She crouched down still further and ran her fingers up and down the outline of my erection.  She put her head in my lap and lightly shook her curls from side to side and gently touched her lips to the head.

With that she popped up and kissed me on the cheek, I gave her a hug, more to feel her soft skin than anything else and she smiled at me and said, "Well, gotta go to work!"  She then kissed me on the cheek and whispered "You are sweet, I do want you to help out at the end."  As she pulled away, I could see what was going to happen.

Jaimie was on the little stage on all fours.  One of the guys was already behind her, pounding away doggie style.  She didn't look terribly excited, but her boobs were swaying wildly underneath her as the guy hammered her pussy.  I looked around the place and every guy but me was naked from the waist down, in varying degrees of hardness, either wearing or putting on condoms.  The guy in Jaimie decided to take a break and immediately another cock took his place.    She seemed to be concentrating more than enjoying, but the guy had a big grin.

Erin headed for one of the couches.  She immediately mounted the tall thin guy who was sitting there stroking himself.  Erin was either a better actress than Jaimie or was enjoying herself  more.  As soon as the rubber-clad cock entered her she began bouncing up and down with obvious enthusiasm.  Even across the room I could hear her, "Oh, honey, your cock is so hard tonight! Mmmmmmm, oh god that is nice!"  I could hear the fleshly slaps as her buttocks hit his thighs.  Her butt cheeks wiggled and jiggled in a most appealing way.

Not surprisingly, more guys headed toward Erin than Jaimie.  While Erin was riding the thin guy, she was also doing the best she could at jerking two other guys.  Another guy, shorter, heavier, really hairy, sat on the empty couch cushion with his erection in his hand.  Erin dismounted and remounted on the hairy guy.  "Oh yeah," she cried "damn, you are hard tonight!  Fuck me with that cock!"  She wiggled and bounced and stroked cocks while guys tried to kiss her and lick her breasts.  She was enjoying all of it.  

Suddenly Jaimie cried out.

"Jesus fucking Christ, Ray!  At least warn me before you put that thing in there!"  Even from my angle I could see what the problem was.  A third guy had gone over and joined in doing Jaimie from behind and he was, in fact, enormous.  He was an older guy, maybe in his 50's, with a little bit of a belly and a lot of cock.  Even in a porno movie he would have been one of the bigger guys.  He pushed slowly into Jaimie's pussy which was covered in light colored, downy hair.  She threw her head back with her shoulder length blonde hair flying. 

"Ohhhhh shhhhhit," she groaned through clenched teeth.  The big cock slid back out and pushed back in, "Ummmmmm god damn Ray!  Ohhhh, that's good!"  He kept sliding it in and, but at a deliberate pace.  Jaimie was quivering and her arms had given out and she had her shoulders almost on the floor.

"Dammit Ray! Fuck me with that big cock, fuck me!"  Unfortunately for Jaimie, Ray could only keep up his deliberate pace, even with her goading.  The two guys who started out with Jaimie were waiting patiently with their cocks in their hands, while Ray continued with his slow, loooong strokes.

Meanwhile on the couch, Erin's curls were bouncing wildly as she mounted whoever showed hard on the couch.  When she wasn't using her hands to stroke a stray cock, she would pull her current partner to her chest so he could lick and suck her nipples.  She was all kisses and encouragement for everyone around her.  She gave each guy a sweet little "goodbye" kiss whenever she would dismount to take in another cock.

Ray had finished with Jaimie and she was now ready for some hard action.  With her long legs taking big strides and her high heels clacking on the hard floor, Jaimie headed for the other couch with two cocks in hot pursuit.  When they got there, one guy layed down on couch, with one foot on the floor and his head on the arm of the couch.  Jaimie put her long delicate fingers around his cock and gave it a few strokes to make sure it was hard.  Keeping her hand around it, she swung her leg over and sitting straight up, lowered herself down.  I could hear her moan in pleasure.  Keeping her hand around the base of his cock, Jaimie started to slide up and down with considerable enthusiasm.  She let go of his cock and began to rub her clit, at first slowly, then her fingers became a blur as they whipped from side to side.

"Oh shit! Yes!" Jaimie cried as she pitched forward on to her partner.  As she came forward he cupped her breasts and pushed them together, so the nipples were touching.  He went after her nipples with his tongue like a wolf on a pork roast.  "Oh yes! Eat my titties!" she barked through clenched teeth.  Jaimie quivered and shook.  for a moment the only sound was the wet slap of thighs coming together.  Finally, she exploded "Oh fuck, yes!  God, put it in me Bobby! Fuck me now!"  With that the second guy crawled up on the couch and after fumbling a minute or two getting positioned, he apparently pushed his cock into Jaimie's tight little ass.

She whimpered a little at first, "Ummm, get in Bobby, c'mon.  That's it baby, deeper now.  Yes, oh yes... get it in there Bobby." She got louder as she went on.  "Oh yes, fuck my ass, fuck it!"  

"Slam it in there.  Oh god. Fuck my ass hard!"  Both guys were pumping her pretty hard and she flopped around like a rag doll, alternately kissing the guy underneath and looking back at Bobby.

When I looked over, Erin was now facing me.  She had slid her heels off and had her feet flat on the couch, crouching over the tall, thin guy who started things off with her.  Her pelvis was poised above his hard cock and she reached back between her legs and used her hand to guide it to its target.  She leaned her head down to see what was happening back there and soft curls first tumbled down, then snapped back up.  She had a look of concentration on her face as the cock slowly disappeared inside her.  When it hit bottom, she smiled impishly.  She leaned forward, exposing half the cock and leaned back again.  She let out a soft moan "Ohhhhhh, you're cock is soooo nice in my ass."  She wriggled and bounced a bit, continuing her purring sounds.  Erin leaned back a bit and put her hand on his cheek and he responded with a kiss on hers.  

She spread her legs and pulled open her pussy lips with her fingers.  The light pink stood out from the jet-black hair that surrounded it.  She opened it up with fingers from both hands, exposing her clit and rubbing it lightly.  Suddenly, a guy walked right up and plunged his cock into her pink slit.

"Oh god yes!" she yelped "Fuck me! c'mon fuck me you bastard!"  Which he proceeded to do.  Quick hard strokes bounced Erin every which way.  When he slowed a bit, he pulled out and immediately another cock plunged deeply and quickly inside.  

Both Erin and Jaimie were moaning and yelling guttural sounds as the guys took turns switching off.  Every few minutes a new cock would be pounding Erin's pussy, making rich slurping sounds as they pulled out.  Another guy had gone over to Jaimie's side, so he was taking turns sliding up her tiny ass with the guy who was already there.

Judging from the moans, groans, shouts and grunts, I knew this party couldn't last much longer.  And this seemed to be confirmed when Ray sauntered over to Erin.  The line of guys parted as he approached.  She was glistening with sweat, but smiled as he approached.  "God, yes, Ray, I'm ready," she whispered hoarsely.  She could barely get her small hand around it, and she gave it a few admiring rubs.  And then she pulled that enormous pecker up to her sweet pink pussy.  

As Ray pushed in, the tall guy in Erin's ass, grabbed her hips and started to bounce her up and down.  Erin threw her head back on the tall guy and groaned and moaned.  Quietly, I could hear her "C'mon Ray, fuck me...C'mon Ray a little faster!"

She leaned forward again with fire in her eyes. "Dammit, Ray, fuck me with that big cock!"  She reached behind and wrapped her hands around his buttocks and pulled him in just a bit harder.  "C'mon Ray, that cock is so big, oooooooh, fuck me with that monster!"  With her encouragement and the push pull action she was giving him, Ray worked up a little head of steam.  Her eyes got wide and she looked at him.

"Fuck yes, Ray!  That's it, fuck me hard!"  She threw her head back and then forward again. "God yes Ray!  Anytime, god dammit, fuck!  Anytime Ray, shit...I'm ready!"  With that, Ray pulled out and with one quick motion, rolled the condom off his monster cock.  He moved it in front of Erin's small tight breasts and with a few quick strokes from himself and Erin, shot three enormous jets of white cum all over her breasts.  "Oh Ray!  God that was a good one!  Mmmmm, it's so hot and slippery!"  She began to gently rub the fresh cum over her nipples.

At the same instant another guy jumped up on the couch, and standing next to Erin, rolled off his condom.  He shot a nice load on her cheek, which ran down her chin and left white flecks in her dark hair.  The next guy took a few strokes in her pussy, and then shot high on her chest.  Two guys took up position on either side and each one stroked a bit, the put the tip of his cockhead on the nipple on his side and proceeded to cum right on the nipple.  

By this time Erin was covered in cum, and another guy tried to shoot on her other cheek, but had bad aim and got it mostly in her hair and on her shoulder.  The show finally ended when the guy fucking Jaimie's ass pulled out and ran over to release his load on Erin's now drenched tits.

Well, I should say almost over.  Tall thin guy who was in Erin's ass this whole time grunted "Hey, what about me?"  She leaned over, which allowed his swollen cock to pop out of her back door.  She turned around and kneeled down and rolled his condom off.  She started stroking him faster and faster, finally he said "Oh shit yeah!" and came.  If he had any distance at all, he squirted on her face, because she was right down next to it.

Jaimie was still laying on top of the guy she was with and they were making out.  Erin, completely covered in cum was smiling from ear to ear.  "God, you guys are great!" She was saying "That was fantastic!  Oh shit, look at all this cum!"  One by one the guys gathered up their pants and shoes, got dressed and headed out.  I looked over and Jaimie and the guy on couch had vanished.

Someone threw Erin a towel and she began to rub herself down.  For the first time since the "party" began she looked right at me.  She walked over.  "Hey honey, how come you didn't join in? Shy?"

"Well, no.  Maybe.  It was an amazing show though."  She laughed.

"We don't get many people that just watch," she laughed again.  "You must be about ready to bust, sweety."

"Well, shit, yeah,"  I mumbled.

"Wait here honey, I'll be right back."  She walked to the back room, grabbing her heels on the way.

About five minutes later she reemerged from the back room.  She had obviously washed up and was wearing a short green, satin robe.  It was loosely tied and her breasts made the front shimmy and sparkle.  It was short enough that every couple of steps a small flash of dark pubic hair was visible.  She sat down on the couch that Jaimie had been on and motioned me over.  I walked over and sat down next to her.  Now I got a much better look at her than I did before.  It struck me now that maybe she was bit older than I first thought.  She might have been 30, she was surely not 20 or 21.  She had put on nice perfume, a little too much perhaps, but very nice, a floral scent.  As she snuggled up to me, I felt an odd sensation.  Here was a woman who I just watched gangbang a room full of men, but her face was so sweet, I could imagine taking her home to mom.
