 Four of them were stuck in the elevator and Stephanie needed to pee so badly.

After three hours she was pacing like a caged animal. Her bladder was so full she'd swear her kidneys hurt from it. She tried thinking about anything else but her mind kept returning to piss. Every few minutes her body messaged her to walk out of the elevator and leisurely stroll to a restroom, casually picking the best stall. Like on a normal day. But she was trapped when the power went out.

She was taller than most men, slim yet curvy, and always impeccably dressed as a stereotypical corporate woman in her stretchy skirts, starched button-ups and muted nylons. Beautiful with defined angles in her face that she tried to smooth out with makeup so they'd seem less threatening. She always projected control because it was important to her, especially at work. All those qualities made her socially unapproachable and therefore so tragically horny.

Earlier in the evening she just wanted to go home and find someone to fuck. One of her regular hookups, maybe.

But at this very moment she just looked desperate, maybe more like tired, her outfit wrinkled and a few outer buttons undone. Her jacket was off and unsexy sweat stains showed under her arms. Her convertible purse was splayed out on the floor like a wounded animal, abandoned halfway to being turned into a backpack. She hated being seen like this.

Stephanie cleared her mind of all thoughts but despite that effort a few minutes later her body wanted her to obey the natural sequence, to peel down her pantyhose, pull down her panties, sit down on a toilet and take her sweet time relieving herself. Sweet unrushed piss, with lots of splashing sounds, pressure on her stomach slowly deflating.

But fuck, no, there was no toilet in here. There was nothing for her in here. Nothing. No escape. She was stuck in the elevator with three assholes from the office who hated her for being successful. She groaned unlady-like and it turned their heads. Her scowl made them look away.

Her imagination took her to safety. She focused on breathing, setting a calm pace. She was now in a dry desert with the sun beaming down on her. No water anywhere, no palm trees, no oases. Just sand and the sun. Sweat evaporating faster than it could bead and trickle, leaving salt crystals on her skin. Gentle breeze cooling her skin. The imagery calmed her down.

Then suddenly she heard a squishing liquid and it returned her abruptly to the harsh reality.

Her mind instantly went to having to pee and Jesus, right now! She grabbed her abdomen gingerly and leaned forward to try to stop herself but it was too late. She tinkled a little in her underwear. Just a tiny spot, she was relieved to discover, but she had to fight hard to stop it from becoming a flood.

She glanced downward to check whether her legs were dry. The three assholes she worked with would never let her live it down - they absolutely hated her. To her paradoxical dismay, her legs were dry. It would have felt so great if she had just pissed herself and this agony was over.

Stephanie shrieked in panic, "Jesus, I really need to pee!"

When no one said anything she swept them a hateful glare, one person at a time. Everyone else was sitting down so she looked down on them, and she was tall to begin with. It was a primal messaging and it said nothing good.

"Chill, it's all fine, they're on it man," Mike replied and pointed at the blinking service light.

He was the lazy janitor whom Stephanie had complained about to facilities, and he always suspected it was her who did it. The disciplinary action cost him a lot in comfort and he gave her an evil eye every chance he could.

"See, they comin'. We in a service queue," he added.

Stephanie looked at him irritably, "Why are you here with us anyway? Don't you have a service elevator?"

He replied cockeyed at her, "No ma'am."

"They don't have a slave entrance," he added after a cold moment and winked at her.

She blushed the nastiest shade of red in embarrassment and continued pacing around, clicking her heels. She wasn't such a bitch usually, she just really, really needed to pee. Her complaint to facilities was a misunderstanding, if she only had the opportunity to explain it, Mike wouldn't hate her so much. But she never got around to it and, well, she didn't care. It was getting warmer in the elevator.

She kept pacing around and as she turned away Mike made a face and mimicked holding the shape of her ass with his hands, leering at the other guys. John chuckled and nodded. In fact, he looked. It didn't occur to him to stare at her ass before tonight, but he had to agree with Mike. She did have a nice ass, and it did swing nicely as she walked. It threw her skirt sideways with each step.

After a few silent moments Mike chuckled again and explained, "See, I was done with work an hour ago. I just stuck around for you folks, and I don't get nothin' for that."

She gripped her mouth tightly and looked away. Was it true? Why would he stick around after hours?

"And no, we don't get paid overtime. I'm the Friday dude and Monday people would think I didn't clean nothin' after you guys stayed late and complain. So it's better if I stick around for all you late birds so I dids."

Well shit, now she felt bad for never noticing.

The earlier squishing sound was the bottle of Jim Beam that she declined taking a swig from the first time around. It was now being passed around between the janitor and the two office slackers. Fucking assholes, they knew she had to use the bathroom and it was as if they were toying with her.

The three of them hated her, she was absolutely sure of it, because she'd always been cold toward them. She was a hard worker and she wasn't going to let niceties mix with her performance, and if they misinterpreted that as her being a bitch over the years, well that's their fault. Were they now doing this on purpose just to taunt her? They had to have been. Why, she wondered? To punish her for being successful?

"Jesus, I really, really need to pee," Stephanie whined, "Why aren't they answering?"

Mike replied in his calmest voice.

"Been stuck in an elevator before man, it's no thing. They got automated sensors and shit, they be coming. You'll see, nothing to worry about."

He was lying of course, but he knew he had to project calm because he was a nice guy. Even to a bitch like her. She cost him a favored shift and almost his job. It's not like he was the only guy ever to take cleaning supplies home, but she stood on the gunwales and rocked the boat and they made an example out of him.

So fuck her. Secretly, he figured the panel was busted and he wanted to watch her piss herself. He had no idea whether anyone knew they were stuck or why the light was blinking.

"You're not the one who has to pee!" Stephanie countered with a subdued shriek.

Elsewhere at that very moment, firemen looked at a burning substation from a very safe distance and shook their heads. Nothing to be done, one side of the high voltage line was still energized and the other one was extruding cooling ribs into a molten copper sculpture. It would take some time to shut it off.

Stephanie didn't know any of that. She hoped the power would get back on at any moment now. It could be just minutes away.

Others nodded their emphatic assent at her outburst, but they really weren't in the mood to talk to her. Especially John, who blamed her for getting them stuck in the elevator. Had she held the elevator door earlier before taking it on a pointless joyride to a wrong floor, he'd be at the party sucking tongue with that one girl with the nose piercing. He put the bottle of Jim Beam back in his bag and patted it, hoping he'd be out soon because he needed to get his dick wet.

She paced around faster, holding her abdomen like it was a water balloon ready to burst. Thought of the comparison almost made her tinkle again and she looked around for anything, a visual distraction, but nothing helped. The elevator service light was still blinking.

"Luke, can you please call 911 again?" she asked the other guy. "I don't trust these call buttons, and I really really need to go to the bathroom."

"Bitch," John muttered way under his breath. He was getting annoyed at her pushiness.

Luke sighed and pretended to get on his cell. Come to think of it, he didn't trust the call buttons either. He realized he was already on the call with emergency services but got placed on hold because it wasn't really an emergency. Since Stephanie was whining he put it on speaker phone so she could hear he was doing something.

Stephanie fumed at every minute that passed.

Luke leered at her long legs as she paced around and resented her for being both beautiful and hard-working to point of being annoying. She made him look bad to their superiors few months back, and the incident became a threat to his reputation. It stopped him from advancing. Since that time he hadn't been put in charge of any new projects despite starting to keep long hours like her. She caused his decline, he was sure of it. Worse yet, his fiancée wouldn't shut up about the whole thing. Every day was a reminder of how he wasn't good enough. So now he enjoyed seeing her discomforted.

Moments later she repeated herself, almost in tears.

"Guys, I really have to use the bathroom, is help coming? Are we going to be out soon?"

Her bladder was so full, it was excruciating. No one responded.

After a few quiet moments Stephanie shrieked loudly, "Jesus fuck, I really need to pee!"

The three guys looked at her, finally actually worried for her. She was red-faced and she was triggering their suppressed empathy. In resigned desperation, she lashed out at no one in particular.

"Do something you cowards!"

Mike shook his head and touched the call button again, but nothing happened.

She knew they could do nothing but she felt cornered and desperately needed help. It felt humiliating to be this vulnerable and she felt very singled out. If they were all guys, she felt it'd be somehow different.

Tears formed and ran down her face and everyone looked away.

Broken down, she leaned against a wall and slowly slid down into a corner and started sobbing quietly with her hands covering her eyes. Uncaring, her legs spread and she flashed some panties. She was sure she'd just start pissing herself any moment now. John and Luke peeked like two perverts but not too conspicuously. Independently they each felt some semblance of shame for both hating her and being unable to do anything to help her. Even so, her long shapely legs and blue underwear were front and center and they demanded to be stared at.

Finally Mike did something. He got up, took his jacket off and placed it in his corner, then turned to the two other guys and motioned for them to rise.

"Y'all look away now, you hear," he told them after they got up.

John said, "Huh?"

"The fuck are you talking about?," added Luke.

Mike looked at them menacingly, "Seriously, you two look away right now, I mean it."

John turned away, but Luke scoffed, "Hold on a sec, you can't talk to me like that..." He was cut off by the most evil stare he's even seen from Mike. Mike was a nice guy overall, but that look made his skin crawl. He shut up.

"Alright man, fine, fuck. Whatever. Jesus." He turned away as well, complaining the whole time.

Mike leaned down into Stephanie and whispered in her ear. She was still sobbing into her hands, and startled, she jerked away from the corner she slunk into but found nowhere to run.

"Hey miss, look it's alright, I got these bozos to turn away. Why don't you just go on my jacket and no one will be looking, alright. We'll just fold it over when you're done and no one will know a thing. And if these two faggots say a thing, I'll fuck 'em up."

She responded, "I can't do that,..." still sobbing.

"Shh, no, it's okay, just go on and relieve yourself. It's alright, everyone does it. Shit, sometimes when I drive, you know, widemouth gatorade bottle..."

"No, I can't," she insisted quietly.

"OK, that's fine. Look, I'm just gonna turn around just like these two clowns, and I'll make sure no one looks. And if you have to go, just tap my shoulder when you're done, alright?"

He didn't wait for her to respond. He just got up, and grabbed both John and Luke by the neck and leaned into them like an old friend.

"Hey fellas, how about a nice little song?"

He started singing the first thing that came to his head, and that happened to be a long-forgotten hymn.

"Yeah, we keep on sinning, yeah, we keep on singing..."

Neither Luke nor John knew what the fuck this was about, and they certainly didn't like being held by the neck by someone they barely knew, but the implication of what was happening was clear. And of course they clearly heard him whispering earlier. Luke laughed and got slapped in the back of the head for it.

"Jesus don't take kindly to disrespect, boy," Mike coaxed him into compliance and resumed singing without dropping a beat, "...Flying down the highway, yeah, we do it our way..."

The guys were finally looking away. Stephanie decided she couldn't put up a brave front any longer and just had to do it. Her heart started beating fast. She slipped out of her high heels and peeled off her pantyhose, stuffing it inside her purse. She then squatted over Mike's jacket, pulled her panties aside and hesitated. Her heart was beating fast. This just wasn't natural. It wasn't how it's done.

Finally after that long moment of hesitation she pissed all over his jacket.

Jesus, that felt so good. She nearly groaned out loud, and then almost laughed as Mike's singing voice picked up a funny pitch to cover up the noise. On any other day, she would have been mortified beyond reckoning, but the man really pulled through for her. For a flabby middle-aged janitor, he was the only gentleman here. She finished pissing, then stood up quickly and folded his jacket over just like he said. She was going to straighten out her underwear but realized she needed to wipe so she took her panties off instead and wiped herself dry with them, placing them under the jacket.

Her heartbeat settled down and a following rush of blood made her feel so surreal but it was time to wrap up, not dawdle. She straightened out her skirt and shirt and made herself seem presentable. While at it, she reached under her shirt and unclasped her scalloped bra. She loved how it looked on her, but that thing was so tight and it was now way too warm in the elevator. Too tight for vanity for sure and she took this opportunity to get more comfortable. Satisfied, she then tapped him on the shoulder, like he said.

Mike stopped singing and released his grip, "Alright fellas, next song will cost you a buck."

"Fuck, we'll be stuck here all night," John said as he settled down into his corner.

Mike wound his jacket up into a tight roll then sat down next to it. Midway through looking around the elevator something caught his eye and he paused to check it. Her underwear was wrapped in his jacket. He hid them by pushing them deeper in the folds, then leaned back into the wall. From his corner, he made sure not to make eye contact with Stephanie. He really was a nice guy.

"Either of you two fellas know any elevator jokes?" he asked, looking at them.

Luke's call finally went through to someone and he explained just where they were stuck. The emergency operator told them it'd be hours. Power outage in the city, not just a few blocks. He called his fiancée to explain and spent the next few minutes being subdued by her. She could be so vicious. It wasn't as if he caused the power outage.

Within the next half hour John despaired, "Well, this day is fucked."

He'd never make it to the party he was supposed to be at so he grabbed the bottle of Jim Beam back out of his bag. Uncaring, he threw away the cap in middle of the floor and took a swig. Knowing what the man had done for Stephanie, he thrust the bottle at Mike in reluctant appreciation. He was tired of listening to her whine and he was truly glad someone did something about it.

"Sure, why not man, " Mike said and took a long pull. He then pointed it toward Luke, who ignored it.

He winked at him, "That's cool brother, I'll drink for both of us."

Mike took another swig and then handed the bottle to Stephanie. She stared at him for a long second and immediately nasty things came to her mind, her normal behavior. She snapped out of it. She owed him so she felt she could at least try to be pleasant. After a long moment she took the bottle.

"What the hell, not the worst thing today," she muttered.

The drink burned her throat on the way down and she tried to exhale fire like a dragon.

"Jesus, that's strong," she whined, then tried to make herself not whine as much by changing the conversation. She preferred to be in control of things, even when she didn't like them. "Where are you from anyway?" she asked Mike after her throat settled down.

He spat, "Why do you care?"

Stephanie blushed and it made Mike feel a touch guilty about being prickly. Her deflection failed. They passed the bottle back and forth a few times and settled into a mellow truce.

After a moment she resolved to speak to facilities once they got out of this elevator and clear things up. She'd make things right for him.

"Let me tell you about a house I'm building on an island..." he started.

He told her his back story, and his retirement plans. She was amazed at its intricate planning and asked many questions while the bottle kept getting passed around. Amazingly he saved up for decades and was going to retire soon to a life of "sloth and big titties," as he put it.

He didn't seem that old, Stephanie thought. Just a decade older than her, and he was already preparing to retire? She worked so hard and for what? She couldn't retire, not now, not anytime soon. She giggled to herself as her line of questioning meandered, wondering if his standard of big titties included her.

"You know, I'm not just a cold-hearted bitch. I can have fun too," she tried to blend in. A couple of half-hearted "naws" followed and then pitiful versions of "no one thinks that" trailed far behind.

Of course she was a cold-hearted bitch. It's what made her the Stephanie everyone knew.

Within minutes of herself calming down earlier, everyone finally relaxed in the elevator. Now, an hour later, everyone was mellow. They became background representations of people, that calm. It was getting hot in the elevator, bordering on stifling. Everyone melted into the walls, part of a new lazily put-together tribe. The tension and unpleasantness turned into a shared bond and even Luke took a few gulps of the swill and told a dirty prison joke.

Hours of sitting lady-like added up and she got up to stretch, then repositioned herself between John and Luke and sat down. Two of them were sitting close to each other so they had to part ways a pinch. She rolled up her jacket and made the best of the hard walls. She imitated her best version of a man-spread and her legs went off into their own directions, showing her panties to anyone who bothered to look, and that ended up being Mike. It was just panties, she thought.

"Sorry, I just can't sit cramped like this anymore," she explained and again laughed at the absurdity of the situation.

With two guys so close to her on either side she started feeling weird, like as if her skin was electrified. Bodies in such close proximity messaged weird things. It wasn't unpleasant, but it felt like a weird energy field. It was all in her head, she thought. She knew to keep her distance but she didn't care to. Her knees shouldn't have been touching theirs, but they did. It felt ... sexy. But still innocent.
