 Its a nice, breezy afternoon. The kind where the sun is warm, but summer hasn't fully taken hold yet. You decide that it would be a good day for a hike. You've been thinking about doing one for a while and decide today is the day. 

You throw on some shorts and a sports bra, put your hair in a ponytail and drive to over to a nature park you know near the edge of town. 

You grab a bottle of water from the car and set off up the path, walking at a brisk pace. You hum quietly to yourself and turn down a fork that you've never been to before. 

This part of the park is more densely packed with trees. It's really quite lovely. After a little while you slow to a walk and take a swig from the bottle. You are about to start again when you hear something. 

You arent sure at first what it is, or even where it's coming from. You listen intently. Behind the bushes to your left. Some kind of wild animal? 

You push the brush aside and step through, hoping to get a good photo of some kind of woodland creature. You were not prepared for what you saw. 

The grunts were not a wild animal, but a man. A toned, fit, handsome man with his shorts around his ankles, stroking his large cock in the middle of a clearing. 

Your pussy immediately starts to tingle. You stare in awe as he strokes himself. Without realizing it, your hand snakes it's way inside your panties and you start to rub yourself. 

You must have moaned, because he opens his eyes and looks right at you. Neither of you stop; you just stare at each other while getting off. 

Finally, he speaks. "Come here," he says pointing to the ground in front of him. Unable to break the trance you seem to be in, you approach. You are standing before him, his naked, erect cock pointing right at you. 

He silently takes your hand and puts it on his cock. Its warm and soft and hard all at once. You moan as you feel his cock twitch. 

He grabs your ponytail and tugs it gently but firmly, and kisses the side of your neck. A moment later you feel his hand on your breast. You start stroking him, lost in the moment. 

He pulls your bra over your head and throws it aside. He kisses your neck, down to your collarbone. You feel the breeze across your nipples. He kisses his way down and takes each one in his mouth for a moment. As he kisses his way back up, your nipples are acutely aware of the wind, now that they are wet. 

He grabs your face and kisses you passionately for several minutes before putting his hands on your shoulder and pushing you to your knees. 

His cock is right there, staring you in the face. You lick the tip, then open your mouth to take him inside. Taking a stranger in your mouth in the park turns you on. The thought that someone might catch you makes your pussy gush. 

He grabs the back if your head and starts to force himself a little deeper into your mouth each thrust. 

"There she is," someone says from behind you. "I told you shed be here." 

You try to look, but the guy with his cock in your mouth is holding your head too tightly. 

"Hmmm, fuck, shes hot." You feel a pair of firm hands rub along the back of your thigh and across your ass. You moan. They slip a finger into your pussy from behind. "God, shes so wet." 

The person behind you lifts your hips a little, causing you to gag on the cock in your mouth. You feel them pull your shorts down and the gentle breeze kisses your exposed pussy. 

A pair of rough hands spread your ass, then you feel a cockhead rub up and down along your pussy. Before you can say or do anything else, he pushes all the way inside with one strong push. 

You moan uncontrollably, vibrating the cock in your mouth. That was a mistake. He grabs your head, delivers a few quick thrusts, then you feel his cock swell and twitch as spurt after spurt of hot cum go down your throat. He pulls his cock unceremoniously from your lips. 

"Thanks, that was great!" he says pulling up his shorts and jogging off. 

Before you can recover the other guy steps up, grabs your face, and shoves his cock down your throat. "My turn," he says, fucking your face. 

The guy behind you grabs your hips and keeps on thrusting, harder. You think hes about to cum, when he suddenly pulls out. Then you feel spurts of hot cum on your ass and pussy. 

"What have we here?" another voice says from behind you. "Looks like you boys are just getting here warmed up for me" 

A powerful pair of hands lifts you up completely. A tall, well built black man turns you around to face him. He hooks his arms under your thighs and lifts. As he does you look down and see a large 10" cock pointing right at your pussy. You start to shake your head no, but he pushes in, slowly, all the way. 

You moan and your eyes roll back into your head as he lifts you and fucks you, standing there in the middle of the clearing. 

Eventually, he sits and then lays on his back without dislodging from your pussy. You bounce up and down, riding him. He bends you over and kisses you, then breaks the kiss to suck your tits. 

You moan as the massive cock fills you. Your moan is quickly stifled as the guy who was in your pussy a few moments ago shoves his cock down your throat. 

You moan as they spit roast you, a massive cock in your pussy, and a cock that tastes like your pussy in your mouth. 

Then you feel it. The other guy, the one you were sucking a moment ago, is knelt behind you. Hes rubbing the cum on your ass over your asshole with his cock. He presses the tip against you and pushes inside, slowly, but relentlessly, one inch at a time. Trying to get away only forces the cock in your mouth further down your throat. 

You relent and relax, feel him enter your ass. After a moment everyone starts to pick you again. You can feel the cocks inside you rubbing together. After a moment, the guy in your ass moans and you feel his cum shoot inside you. The guy under feels his cock twitching and his massive cock follows suit. You moan loudly on the cock in your mouth and more cum spurts down your throat. 

The guy in your ass and mouth both pull out and you fall forward, resting the on the black guy, catching your breath. Before long the black guy stands and dresses. He kisses you on the cheek and leaves. 

Dark is beginning to fall. The other two guys dress, and the taller one checks his phone. "Shit, you're not Stacey."

You stare blankly at him. 

He looks at the other guy and nods toward you. "Shes not the hooker we hired. Stacey cancelled." 

You grin sheepishly. "No, I'm not, but if we do that again I'll be whomever you want." 

They set up a time next week and disappear. As you look around the quickly darkening clearing you realize with a start that you cant find your clothes...