 Chapter 01: Arianna

All of the characters in this story are fictional and at least 18 years of age. The fourth story in the Gangbang Movies series, Ch 4 Charlotte, has been placed in Incest.

Call me Zach. I was just a kid growing up in a town probably much like your town.

The main highway cut the town in half. The rich people lived on the north side of town, up in the hills. The poor people lived on the south side of town. I lived on the south side, near the railroad tracks.

I was 16 years old and going to high school. To help make ends meet for Mom and I, I worked after school and weekends. One Friday I was to work at the headquarters of the company. This made no real sense. I usually worked down at the factory, repairing devices that failed inspection. However, the company was willing to pay the overtime rate and the supermarket didn't care where you got the money, they just wanted money when Mom bought groceries.

I was sorting through some boxes of records, as I had been told to do. The police came in and arrested me. They said I stole a whole lot of money. They never found any money. They did convict me on the testimony of four kids. I spent the next two years in juvie prison.

When I got out, I had graduated from high school and I had learned to be a thief; a damn good thief.

Mom had split when I was in juvie, so I needed a job. No one would hire a convicted thief. Thus, I put to work the training I got in juvie.

There was a photography studio in town the guys in juvie said took nasty pictures of the rich ladies. I would just get myself some of the pictures and sell them to the people who framed me.

The photography studio had a top-notch security system. The photography studio hired a local janitorial service. The janitors shut off the security system and blocked open the back door so they could throw out wash water. I went in the back door and up. Nobody looks up. When the janitors left, they switched back on the security and got out. Hell, I just switched the security back off and used a shaped cordite charge to blow open the vault.

In the vault were a number of items. There were pictures, there were movies, there was information about an offshore bank account, including numbers and passwords, there was some business records and finally, there was quite a bit of cash in a manila envelope labeled 'Modeling Fees.'

There were guys in juvie who knew a little about offshore bank accounts. I learned more. I transferred the exact amount money of money I had been convicted of stealing, plus interest, into a Mexican bank. The Mexican bank was pleased to be of service to Señor John Smith. I did the time, now I had the dime.

I got myself a place and sat down to watch a movie.

The movie (actually video) I watched featured the trophy wife of the man who I once worked for.

Arianna walked into a bedroom and removed her skimpy little dress to reveal just a lace garter belt, tall nylons and stiletto heels. Suddenly, there were four naked black guys around her. They tossed her on the bed and one guy mounted her and stuck his dick deep in Arianna's pussy as another stuck his dick in her mouth. Another guy held (an obvious fake) gun on poor Arianna. Thus, Arianna gave it her best and the guy fucking and the guy being sucked shot cum in Arianna at precisely the same instant! (If only the Academy had known!) The first two black guys were replaced by the next two. Poor Arianna was flipped over and the second crew stuck one dick up Arianna's butt and the other in her mouth.

The action was clear and in perfect color. Arianna took another taste of cum before she completely lost it as the guy worked Arianna up to a shattering climax with his big tool up her butt.

Poor Arianna then pleaded with the black guys. She got down on her knees and sucked a big, black dick up hard and then got back on the bed to take the same hard dick in her pussy. Despite the two earlier fuckings, Arianna gave the black guy what must have been the ride of his life. The black stud was getting his considerable length all the way into Arianna's hard working cunt. Arianna's legs were clasped around the black fucker and she was lifting into the massive tool that was ravishing her. Finally the guy shot his cum into Arianna's pussy in living, heaving black on white!

Arianna was then dragged off the bed to suck the next black cock hard. Once again Arianna got back on the bed. The second black guy got a so-so ride out of the tired Arianna. The second guy did get Arianna to what appeared to be several climaxes and then he, in turn, shot his cum into Arianna's cunt.

The second black guy threatened to hit Arianna, apparently for her poor performance. However, the third black guy stopped him and dragged Arianna off the bed to again suck a big, black cock hard. The third guy, no fool, was not going to settle for a lame lay. No, he made poor Arianna titty fuck him! The titty fuck lasted until he shot his cum in Arianna's face. Poor Arianna was then forced to wipe the cum off her face and lick it off her fingers.

Once again, Arianna was dragged off the bed to suck the fourth black cock hard. Once again Arianna got back on the bed. This time Arianna was prone, but not to argue. The fourth black guy stuck his big, black dick up Arianna's butt to the hilt! The camera switched back and forth between the black dick working Arianna's ass hole to the other black dick working Arianna's face as she suffered, then climaxed. The fourth black guy worked poor Arianna into a total frenzy and then finally shot his cum into Arianna's long-suffering ass hole.

The black guys sort of disappeared from the picture and the camera moved in to catch the cum oozing out of Arianna's ass hole and pussy. I gave the effort a solid four dicks up out of five! I was, of course influenced by Arianna's letdown with the second guy in the second round. Also, I felt that she could have possibly given a hand job or two while she was having her face and both lower holes worked. However, all in all, a solid effort!

I watched the video a couple of more times. The camera work was good and the seamless shifting from one angle to the next indicated more than one camera had been used. The lighting was very professional with no shadows visible. The bedroom was obviously a set in a photography studio.

I thought for a while, then called the one black guy I recognized from the film (the father of one of the guys in juvie). I told him that there had been a major blow up between the white lady they fucked and her stepson. The stepson (not so incidentally one of the witnesses against me) had obtained the video and was going to take it to his old man. I suggested that the black guy and his three companions should "Git while the gettin' was good! I ended by telling him that I did not feel four lynchings would be good for the image of the town.

The four black guys did depart for locations unknown, stopping only to beat the living crap out of the stepson. It couldn't have happened to a nicer guy; unless it was maybe one of the other three witnesses.

I then contacted Arianna's stepdaughter. I pointed out that I had some pictures of her in action with "a respected member of the community." I also pointed out that I had a video of her stepmother in action with four black guys. Of course, she called me a liar. I was, however, able to name the other people and the actions that took place. Annette, the stepdaughter, was then willing to swap pussy for pictures. I told her that she had 15 minutes to get her hot young pussy to a rather remote location. If she was not there, I would put the pictures on the street. If she came nude and ready for action, I would give her the pictures and the video for her use.

Annette showed up, wearing only a coat and shoes. We got to a hot pillow motel some distance from town and Annette walked in, took off her coat and kicked off her shoes and said, OK pervert, let's see what you can do. I made little miss rich bitch get on the bed and rub herself until her tight young pussy was wet and shiny. I mounted her and took my time, stroking deep inside her until we reached a shattering mutual orgasm. Afterward she went into the bathroom and I took her coat outside and locked it in my car after I removed the small pearl handled pistol from the inside pocket.

I got back and Annette wanted to know where the hell her clothes were. I pointed out that they were locked in my car, along with the pictures. If she did not cooperate, the clothes and the pictures would be found together.

Once again, I let Annette work me up while I lubricated my throbbing cock. I had Annette roll over and I stuck my cock into her tight young ass hole. From the fuss and the tightness, I guessed that I was the first one in this hole. The incredible tightness caused me to work very hard, however, it was worth it! Annette moaned and complained and then had a violent orgasm. I continued to work and then joined Annette's second orgasm.

I got cleaned up and then let Annette get cleaned up.

We had a little conversation. Annette claimed that her father had got her drunk just after her high school graduation and then her father and brother took turns at her. Her stepmother not only didn't give a damn, she actually set Annette's brother up with dates where Arianna and her stepson would fuck some of the other rich boys and girls. With places to fuck and booze, the rich side of town became basically one big whorehouse.

I made Annette work herself up one last time and then I marched her nude ass out to the car. I threw Annette her coat and waited while she put it on. I got in the car and waited while Annette tried to claw the little pistol out of the coat pocket. Then, a thoroughly defeated Annette climbed into the car.

I pointed out to Annette that she had the pictures and the video I had promised. I also pointed out that she was nude under the coat and had a lot of nasty lube in her pussy. If she called for help or the police, they would draw the obvious conclusion.

If that was not enough, I made Annette continue to finger fuck herself as we drove back to town. As I suspected, the bitch wanted to know why I was "doing this" to her. Her ragged breathing let me know she was indeed doing something to herself with her busy little fingers.

I pointed out that her father and her brother had cost me two years in prison. Someone was going to pay. Since she had her own photos and the video of her stepmother, hard working Annette could decide who paid, how much and what.

Annette started to cry. She managed to gasp, between ragged breaths, "Do you think my father and brother gave me any choice? They got me drunk and used me!"

I told her, "Well, you have what you need to do pretty much what you want in return. That seems to me like a fair exchange for your services tonight."

Annette continued to sob and, at my insistence, also continued to finger fuck herself. As we got back into town she finally managed to snarl, "What about the other girls whose families were involved?"

I said quietly, "All in good time!"

I left the little girl on the same street corner where I picked her up.

One down, three to go!