 Chapter 02: Brianna

All of the characters in this story are fictional and at least 18 years of age.  The fourth story in the Gangbang Movies series, Ch 4 Charlotte, has been placed in Incest.

I was just a kid named Zach growing up in a town probably much like your town.  I lived on the poor side of town, near the railroad tracks.

I was 16 years old when I was framed and the testimony of four kids sent me to juvie prison
for two years. By the time I got out, I had graduated from high school and I had learned to
be a thief; a damn good thief.

Mom had split when I was in juvie, so I had to support myself.  No one would hire a convicted thief.  Thus, I put to work the training I got in juvie.

I stole some videos, some pictures, some business records, some cash and some information about an offshore bank account from a photography studio I had learned about while I was in juvie.

I looted the offshore bank account, using info I got from guys in juvie.  I used a little of the
money to get myself a place to live.

Then, I set out to get revenge on those who had set me up.  I used a movie featuring Arianna, the trophy wife of the richest man in town.  I was an action thriller co-starring four black guys.  They fucked Arianna in every hole she had and more!

I contacted the four black actors and convinced them to depart for locations unknown.  They did stop and beat the living crap out of Arianna’s stepson, one of the four witnesses who had put me in juvie.

I got Annette, Arianna’s daughter to go with to a hot pillow motel some distance from town.  Since Annette’s family had cost me two years, I used Annette in every hole she had as payback.

On the way home, a sobbing Annette told me that her father and brother had gotten her drunk and used her.  I pointed out that, with the video and pictures I had given her, she could do what she wanted about that abuse.  I then left her on the same street corner from which I had picked her up.  I was hoping she would use the video and pictures to ruin her own family.

One down, three to go!

The second film was much like the first.  However, there were some interesting differences. 
The black guys of the first film were replaced by family and fiends.

Brianna, her daughter Bonnie and a black girl (a maid I think) were having a little girl-girl
action on the same bed as the first movie.  Suddenly, in burst the fiends!

Big daddy mounts Bonnie and starts to fuck her.  One guy attacks the maid’s pussy and another her mouth.  The remaining three fiends attack poor Brianna.  One guy mounts her and the other two guys each take a tit.

The cameras record each of the three fucks in progress.  (Then, of course, there are three
cameras.)  Big Daddy fucks Bonnie deep.  He takes his time and tries to get the most out of each slow stroke.  The camera gets it in detail!

Bonnie’s brother Ben fucks the black maid, while neighbor Chas gets his cock sucked.  At the rate Ben is pronging the maid, he will not last long.

Brianna is being fucked by her son Barry, while Cary and some guy I have never seen before work her tits.  Despite the three on one, Brianna is active and thrusting to meet Barry’s strokes.

Big Daddy has a good size cock, but Barry has one that I had been told only came in the black color.  Ben is smaller than Big Daddy but he and Chas have the black maid outnumbered.

Ben is the first to cum.  Chas quickly moves around and flips the maid over so that he can fuck her ass hole.  Ben does not reappear, but another guy moves in and puts his dick in the black maid’s mouth.

Barry is next to cum.  Brianna fakes it, as Barry is replaced by one of the guys who had been working her tits.  Once again, Barry disappears and is replaced by a new guy.

Finally, Big Daddy cums in Bonnie and then pulls out and they lay there for a bit.  It is obvious that, when a guy cums, he goes back and mans a camera while he is replaced by a fresh cock.  This produces a steady supply of hard cock, but the camera work is uneven.

The second guy is fucking Brianna and she begins to respond to the treatment she is receiving.  Brianna again begins to buck her hips and the guy fucking her cums inside her very quickly.  Once again, he is replaced by a new designated cock and the fucking goes on.  The third guy is the charm!  Brianna obviously climaxes and draws her third guy along with her.  Once again the rotation takes place and they begin trying to work Brianna to another climax.

Meanwhile, Bonnie is now being fucked by Ben.  She is rotating her hips strongly and Ben quickly cums inside Bonnie, Only to be replaced by Barry!

The black maid is beginning to get a bit fuck weary and is now sucking two cocks, back and
forth.  Brianna is now down to one guy in her ass hole and one guy in her mouth.  Even with the
reduced load, Brianna shows signs of slowing down.

Carly, a neighbor daughter moves in to the scene and is promptly attacked by Chas and Cary, her brothers.  Chas works Carly’s pussy while Cary gets his cock sucked.  When Cary cums in Carly’s pussy, the brothers change places and now Chas fucks his sister.

Big Daddy returns to action and fucks the black maid.  He really takes his time but finally
manages to cum inside the girl.

Meanwhile, all of the girls have disappeared except for Brianna and the black maid.

For the big finale, all of the remaining guys gather around Brianna and jack off until Brianna
is covered with cum.

There is no more action, but all four of the girls pose nude in a line to end the film.  They
are cleaned up and only the raw hamburger red pussies indicate the action they have seen.

OK, Brianna’s family knows I have the video.  They know, from my previous pattern, that I will now pick up Bonnie and take her to a hot pillow motel.  They will, of course, try to trap me.

Brianna is driven to the mall by Barry.  However, Barry lets Brianna out on the top level and goes to park the car.  I intercept Brianna and show her a really nasty picture starring her.  I tell Brianna that she can go with me, or I release the pictures and her video to the media. Brianna goes with me.

I have obtained a four-wheel drive SUV.  We drive through city streets to a poorer area with steep hills and often unpaved paths.  I use the four-wheel drive to get us up and over.  Once out of the city, I drive us to the hot pillow motel I have earlier selected.

I make Brianna strip in the SUV.  I also remove the small but deadly automatic she carries in her purse.  I point out that the cell phones (I know of two) that she has will not work in the SUV, as I have a jammer on that will prevent transmission of the signals.

I give Brianna a very skimpy nylon robe and we walk over to the room.

By the time we get into the room, Brianna is so hot that there is lube running down her leg. 
Brianna throws off the robe and lies on the bed.  So much for rape!

I put Brianna’s leg over my shoulders, enter her and get my full length into her hot, wet pussy on the first stroke!  I am in total control and driving my cock deep into her.  Brianna is using her internal muscles to try to make me cum.  It is a hard battle and, at the finish, we settle for a tie.  I can feel Brianna’s pussy move as she has a real orgasm this time.

As we rest, Brianna asks me what I want of her.

I ask her why she made the family video when she knew she could be blackmailed.

Brianna tells me that Arianna’s husband likes young girls, his own daughter most of all.  If a family wanted to do well financially, all of the women had to fuck.

I asked, “So the videos were the power package to keep the rest of you in line?  All of the poor rich ladies were forced to perform by the evil mastermind?”

Brianna sighed, “I need sex.  I need more than my husband can or will provide.  I was fucking several husbands.  Then, I was the guest of honor at a high school graduation party.  I fucked every one of the 18 year-old boys, including my sons!  What do you think of that?”

I said, “Saves travel time.”

When Brianna was puzzled, I continued, “You don’t have to drive to someone’s house or they drive to you.  You have your own supply of hard young cock just down the hall.”

Brianna tensed, “You don’t think that it is right?”

I said, “I forced you to go with me to this motel.  I am gonna’ fuck your brains out tonight. 
Where am I in a position to offer criticism?”

I felt myself get hard.  I ordered Brianna into a doggy style position and fucked her a second time.  I wanted to wear Brianna down and it was gonna’ take some time.

It was another hard, deep fuck with my hands on Brianna’s tits.  I forced her to support me while I worked her to an orgasm.  I think she could have resisted, but she wanted it, maybe more than I did.  I got her into multiple orgasms and worked her until she started to collapse.  I let myself cum just a little and pulled out early.

I grabbed an exhausted Brianna and asked why they had framed a 16 year-old kid.

She told me that Arianna’s husband was just about bankrupt at the time.  He had hidden a large amount of cash offshore.  After the theft, the insurance company paid what they thought was the loss, but it was a lot more than the missing cash due to creative bookkeeping.  Due to insurance company and IRS snooping they never had a chance to retrieve the offshore cash.  However, the local business climate had suddenly turned and
they made enough to get back on a profitable basis.

Brianna then asked if I were the kid.

I told her that I was the cousin of another kid in the juvie prison.  I had found out enough to get the power package.  Now I was in control.
Brianna asked me not to force the young girls.  Brianna would fuck me “anytime, anywhere!”

I suspected that she meant it.  I got her up doggy style again and, after lubing her ass,
fucked her backdoor.  I took my time and let her really feel it.  I thought she might wake the
dead with her moaning and howling.  What the hell, it was a hot pillow motel!

I fucked Brianna several more times.  (You must remember I am 18 years old!)  She got tired, but she never gave up and never refused.  I think if Brianna were found guilty of a capital crime she would choose to be raped to death, if she had any choice.

In between times, I found out a bit more about Charlotte and Diana, the remaining trophy wives.  The information would be useful in the next steps of my revenge.

I also found out an interesting bit of information.  Carly, Charlotte’s daughter, liked to fuck almost as much as Brianna.  On the other had, Crystal, Charlotte’s other daughter had
almost been destroyed by the experience.

I turned Brianna loose after she called Barry to come and get her right now!

Barry arrived at what he thought was the meeting place to find a figure with Brianna’s expensive coat thrown over its shoulders sobbing its way down the road.  Barry had iron in an underarm holster.  I had brass knuckles.  I won.

Two down, two to go!