 Chapter 03: Dianna

All of the characters in this story are fictional and at least 18 years of age. The fourth story in the Gangbang Movies series, Ch 4 Charlotte, has been placed in Incest. 

I was just a kid named Zach growing up in a town probably much like your town. I lived on the poor side of town, near the railroad tracks.

I was 16 years old when I was framed and the testimony of four kids sent me to juvie prison for two years. By the time I got out, I had graduated from high school and I had learned to be a thief; a damn good thief.

Mom had split when I was in juvie, so I had to support myself. No one would hire a convicted thief. Thus, I put to work the training I got in juvie.

I stole some videos, some pictures, some business records, some cash and some information about an offshore bank account from a photography studio I had learned about while I was in juvie.

I looted the offshore bank account, using info I got from guys in juvie. I used a little of the money to get myself a place to live.

Then, I set out to get revenge on those who had set me up. I used a movie featuring Arianna, the trophy wife of the richest man in town. I was an action thriller co-starring four black guys. They fucked Arianna in every hole she had and more!

I contacted the four black actors and convinced them to depart for locations unknown. They did stop and beat the living crap out of Arianna’s stepson, one of the four witnesses who had put me in juvie.

I got Annette, Arianna’s daughter to go with to a hot pillow motel some distance from town. Since Annette’s family had cost me two years, I used Annette in every hole she had as payback. I also manage to get some useful information from Annette.

The second video was much like the first. However, there were some interesting differences. The black guys of the first film were replaced by family and fiends. Brianna, her daughter Bonnie, a black girl, Brianna’s husband, Brianna’s sons Ben and Barry, neighbor sons Chas and Cary and Chas and Cary’s sister Carly fuck and are fucked by each other in many of the possible combinations.

Later I get Brianna to go with me when I show her pictures. She tells me that Arianna’s husband likes young girls, his own daughter most of all. If a family wanted to do well financially, all of the women had to fuck. The videos were a power package to keep everybody in line. However at least some of the ladies were willing without the pictures. I also found out that Arianna’s husband was just about bankrupt at the time I was framed. He had hidden a large amount of cash offshore. After the theft, the insurance company paid what they thought was the loss, but it was a lot more than the missing cash due to creative bookkeeping. Due to insurance company and IRS snooping they never had a chance to retrieve the offshore cash. However, the local business climate had suddenly turned and they made enough to get back on a profitable basis. No harm, no foul except for one kid nobody cared about except me. Then again, I was the kid.


After viewing the remaining videos, I had planned to process Charlotte next. However, the next opportunity was Dianna.

Dianna and her daughters Dani and Donna plus her son Dave apparently liked to get together for a little action. Dianna liked girls. Dianna and Donna started things off with a hot mother-daughter 69 while Dave fucked Dani to a screaming climax. Then Dianna and Dani did a 69 while Dave fucked Donna to somewhat quieter climax. Then, the two daughters 69ed while Dave fucked Dianna, his mother slowly but deeply. There were enough breaks in the action that it was obvious that there had been some rest time between scenes. This last was just as well. Because Arianna’s husband Alvin and Doug, Dianna’s husband entered the scene. The two men began to fuck the two daughters. Meanwhile, Dave, hard once again, began to fuck Dianna in the ass. The movie ended as each male in turn ended his fuck by cumming in his partner.

The video was further interesting in that there were at least three cameras in use. That meant that, in addition to the actors and actresses, there were at least three more people involved.

The rich side of town was under heavy patrol by the police. In addition, either there was an FBI monitoring post or the outside police had each rammed a pole up each other’s ass.

With the heavy patrols and the outside police presence only a fool would have tried to pick up anyone involved in the sex videos. Well, a fool or someone who had spent enough time in a juvie prison to figure out how police operate.

I contacted Dani and Donna by cell phone while they were cruising downtown in a brand new fancy convertible. I told them about the video I had. I described the scenes in enough detail to let them know that I did indeed have the nasty video. Then I told them who would get the nasty video if they did not immediately drive down to the FBI monitoring post, strip naked and stroll in.

Would that I could have seen the fun! The FBI can fight criminals in a gun battle. They can even go hand to hand with bad guys. However, dealing with a pair of hot young naked babes is not in the FBI handbook. I suspect that a couple, three FBI guys shit the poles out of their ass. The entire police presence in town converged upon the FBI monitoring station. [No, I don’t know if they were jerking their meat; interesting that you should ask!]

While the beaver patrol boys protected naked Dani and Donna, I got to Carly. Carly was terrified. Carly would do anything to get back what she thought was her own video. “Fuck me! Fuck me in the ass! I will suck your cock! Just let me have the video!”

I slyly asked, “What if I want it more than once?”

It turned out that I could have it as many times as I liked. Also, I could have it as many different ways as I liked.

Carly wasn’t just another slut. No, Carly was SuperSlut! ‘Down in the hole; it’s a bird, it’s a plane, no it’s a giant cock inside Carlypussy!’ I found myself wishing I had brought a cape.

I had rented a garage out in the suburbs. The old lady who owned the place was deaf as a post and a damn good thing! Carly liked it hard, deep and ending with a thank you scream.

What Carly wanted to do was fuck once for each picture and maybe a half dozen times for the video. However, even if I had brought the cape, I am not superman.

While we rested, I found out a lot more about the fortunes of the rich people who had starred in the videos. The economic miracle that rescued the rich families was the result of the dealing of illegal drugs.

The videos were a means of making certain that no one rocked the money boat. If each member of the rich families just kept it shut and fucked, everyone could live the good life.

Carly, who was no mental giant, had figured it out. A girl’s pussy was the opening to the cave of riches. And, if pussy was not enough, ‘Stick it in my ass! Stick it in my mouth! Cum early and cum often!’

I had fucked Carly in the legs over shoulders position. I had gotten in deep and Carly had completely surrendered herself to me. I suspected that she had no idea what she was telling me.

In order to continue gathering the information without tipping off anyone in the rich families who could think, I began to ask about Arianna’s jewelry. Arianna wore a lot of expensive bling bling and I told Carly I wanted to know where she hid the real stuff, not the fake copies.

Carly didn’t know too much, but she was entirely willing to let me fuck the information out of her.

I actually don’t remember exactly how many times I was able to cum in Carly. I do know that I creamed her pussy twice and her ass hole twice. After that, it sort of became a blur. 

I fed Carly booze and she became even more befuddled. She could not have been any more willing to fuck, so that the booze was not necessary from that standpoint.

I did tell Carly about the naked stroll of Dani and Donna into the FBI monitoring post. Not only was Carly not shocked, Carly insisted on showing me how she would have done the stroll. “Hi there big boy! Wanna feel my tight young shaved pussy? I am so hot and wet I gotta have it right now! You don’t need to wait for your turn. I like more than one!”

I don’t know what the FBI would have done, but I grabbed Carly and checked out the information she had just given me. Tight: yes! Shaved: smooth! Hot and wet: fuck yes!

Poor Carly was my total and complete sex slave. She only had a few regrets. First, she did not have any little sexy lace things to turn me on. Second, there was only one of me. Third, there was no camera to catch the action.

I did get another useful item of information out of Carly. Charlotte, Carly’s mother did not like girls. She did like to use a strap on dildo to humiliate girls.

It seemed that, once the boys were tired at an orgy, Charlotte would force the young girls to let her fuck them with her strap on. Carly said that she hated having her mother “put that dead thing inside me.” Carly also told me that most of the girls also hated it. However, Carly assured me, “Dani actually likes it. Hell Dani likes anything inside her. Dani is nothing but a fuck slut!” [I tried, but failed, to imagine a girl that Carly would look down on as a fuck slut.]

As I got more and more tired, Carly began to try to get a bit of information out of me. Mainly she wanted to know if I was the kid who got framed into prison. I again repeated my lie that I was the cousin of another kid in the juvie prison. I had found out enough to get the power package. Now, I told Carly, I wanted just a few things more.

I wanted to fuck Arianna into submission. I wanted Arianna to wear her fancy jewelry while I did this. Finally, I wanted Carly to be a part of the rape of Arianna, “For when I get tired and need to rest. You and Arianna can get it on with each other.”

Carly told me that she would help me lure Arianna into a trap. Carly would even make lesbian love to Arianna if I wanted, although she really wanted cock.

Carly also made me promise not to beat up Chas, her brother. I promised and I meant it. I had a much worse punishment in mind for Chas.

I managed to fuck Carly one last time. By now, both Carly and I were damn near exhausted.

I bundled up everything and threw it into the big four-wheel drive truck. I didn’t want to leave nasty evidence to screw up the old lady who had rented me the isolated garage.

I made a naked, sticky Carly get into the truck and we drove back to a spot I had researched long before. I threw naked Carly out of the truck.

Carly found herself on one of those quiet little streets that dead end into the downtown area. She could try to go away from town and find some housewife who would hide her and report to the police. However, this was Carly. Carly walked into the downtown area and was discovered by someone, wandering naked through the streets. This allowed Carly some publicity as the poor kidnapped girl who tried and failed to fight off her savage attacker, etc.

True to my promise to Carly, I did not seek Chas. Also, it was too dangerous to seek Chas. Even the police must have realized that I was after the remaining two witnesses. Instead what I did was drive the big, common four-wheel drive through as many back streets as I could while putting distance between the cops and me.

It was still two down and two to go. However, I had what I needed for my final items of revenge!