 Kelly had invited me over for some steamy sex with her, her husband and two other guys. It was just fucking. Nothing more. All of us in the sex club knew it was just fun. Summer had passed and it was starting up again. Most of us women in the club wanted one man to each woman but some of us didn't. I didn't mind. So, Kelly called me. Most of us were in our early thirties. I was thirty-two.

Kelly opened the door for me. She was thirty-five. Cute blonde with a nice figure, long tresses and an ass I'd love to have myself. Jerry, her husband, was fit and his soft face concealed a tiger inside. Mark and Derek were the other two guys. Mark had turned thirty over the summer and Derek was thirty-five. We all greeted each other with a hug and sit on her couches in the living room. Most of the parties were at her house.

Mark had dark hair and a nice tan. He was fit but not muscled. Hopefully, he was good. Kelly said he was but I hadn't had sex with him before tonight. Derek had sandy-blonde hair and was average build. We had several drinks and talked openly about sex and preferences. None of the men liked anything gay. Her and me both liked lesbian sex so we decided, after getting a buzz from the alcohol, to start the party.

We went upstairs to the two large rooms with three king beds and some couches. It was an attic but they had it floored. It had a bar and lots of drinks. In my experience, getting a little drunk would drop most inhibitions. Talking about an hour before the party, if new people there, would set the mood and let all of us know what not to do.

Kelly was about my height, five foot six inches tall. She was wearing a matching blue chemise and panty outfit with black lace. I was wearing a white sundress and some panties. Clothes wouldn't last long. My skin was a little flushed from all the graphic sex talk and hers was soft, tan and shiny. The guys sat and watched us.

I kicked off my pumps and glided on the bed. Cotton sheets. White. Nothing fancy. Easier to clean after lots of sex stained them. We kissed deeply. Tonguing. She unzipped my dress in the back and slid it down as we kissed. My hands fell back to hold me up and her red lips kissed my ample breasts. Not huge but round and soft. My nipples hardened a long time ago but her kisses and tongue swelled my boobs and the my nipples were rock hard.

We both looked and the guys were massaging their dicks watching us. Jerry was about nine inches and thick. Derek was probably seven inches or so and not so thick. Mark was thicker and about eight inches. All of them had lust filling their eyes. Just watching us.

With my dress discarded, my hands removed her chemise over her hear and my tongue swirled around on her nipples. She moaned and looked down into my eyes as my tongue danced on her large nipples. She was a D-cup girl. I was a C-cup. My hand slipped off her panties and she laid back. Her husband came over and sat near her head. He stroked her hair as my fingers spread her hairy, but shaven pussy.

Derek sat up near her head and watched. Mark was behind me and he slipped off my panties. My front was down and rear in the air. My legs spread so he could eat me. Kelly moaned loudly as my tongue licked her engorged clit. Mark licked my pussy and stuck two fingers in me. They moved all around inside my cunt. My moans were loud as I licked her pussy. 

Kelly yelled, "Oh, fuck, please don't stop" as she stroked Derek's rather long, slender cock. My fingers stretched her and my tongue flicked her clit roughly. She raised her knees and her ass into my face as she came. Her juices flowed into my mouth and onto the sheets. She moaned loudly and came hard. Her skin was hot to my hand on her tummy.

Me, Mark and Jerry moved to another bed and she had turned on her front and was sucking the hell out of Derek. He was on his knees leaning back on his legs holding her head and she blew him. She moved up on him and he put his legs out. She slid his cock in her cunt and she happily rode watching us.

I was on my side and sucking Jerry's monster cock while Mark was in back. He got comfy then asked, "Can I fuck you?"

"Guess so. That's why we're here," I said, laughing. "Give me some cock, big boy."

He put one of legs bent and slid his cock in me causing me to moan on Jerry's cock. Jerry was laying there on his back and I just slobbery sucked his big cock. He had stamina. He didn't want to cum unless he was in a pussy. He rarely did. He just moaned and enjoyed my half-hearted sucking since Mark was fucking me hard.

Mark slipped his hand around and massaged my clit while he fucked me. I stopped sucking Jerry and moved around so he could pile drive me. He eagerly agreed. He put my legs up and they slid around his back. He nuzzled my boobs and sucked on them as he fucked me hard. Loud moans escaped my lips each time he went in. He was good. He nearly went out before he came back in me. He was really working out my hairy pussy. My juices were all over us now.

Jerry had went over and slipped his dick in his wife's ass. I hated anal but Kelly didn't care. She just didn't want cum in it. He mentioned double vagina to her and she said okay. Derek was already cool with it. She laid on Derek's hairless chest as he hubby slipped his cock in her pussy. She shrieked as both thrusted in her. She moaned hard into Derek's shoulder as they fucked her like that for about ten minutes. Derek said he was close. He tensed and moaned as he came. He slipped out but her hubby kept fucking hard.

Mark groaned loudly, told me he was about to cum then did. He jerked inside as I moaned and held him. His somewhat hairy chest was on mine. He kissed me as his dick twitched inside me filling me with hot cum. Jerry moaned loudly and came hard into Kelly's pussy. He had grabbed her both boobs with his hand and squeezed them hard as his cum jetted inside. He fell off and she rolled so I could see her cunt and the cream flowing out.

"God, that was a great fuck, guys," she said. Dipping her fingers in her cunt and then eating it. Mark had rolled off me and she came over. Mouths to each others pussies. We drank the love nectar still in each other then swapped some cum we didn't swallow. The guys wiped off their dicks with hand towels as we did each other. All of us stopped for a drink at the bar. 

"I love it," I told Mark. 

"Glad. You have a really silky pussy. Usually I can last forty-five minutes but you made me cum hard. Don't tell the wife."

"She coming next time?" I asked.

"Yeah. She had to be out of town on business."

"Sucks."

Derek was behind me kissing my shoulder and feeling my boobs as the rest of us downed to shot of Jack Daniels. Jerry decided to sit this round out and watch from one of the couches. I told Derek not to be shy and he wasn't. He pulled me to the bed. His long, slender cock was rock hard again. I sat on my knees away from him and slipped him inside me. He moaned as I rode him.

"He's a great fuck," Kelly said. "He hits a different spot each time it seems."

"Yeah," I said, moaning. "He does."

Mark eating her out as she sat on a bar stool. Her hubby smoked a cigarette and watched. He loved to watch other guys fuck her. It got him off. She enjoyed teasing him too while do really nasty things to the guy or guys fucking her. She looked at him while cumming to Mark's eager mouth.

She laid on her back near me and spread her legs. Mark went to fucking her. She taunted her husband, "Honey, do you like watching guys fuck me and cum in my cunt?" Derek was moaning rather loudly. I slowed down to a nicer rhythm lest he explode. I was enjoying his cock. Mark was enjoying Kelly's pussy. The bed creaked as he fucked her.

Jerry came over and stood so I could suck him. He loved my blowjobs. This time he was in my face and he held my head and face-fucked me. Derek was moaning softly and so was I. Kelly was moaning and laughing. "Jesus, honey, gotta face-fuck my girlfriend?" He grinned. 

Yes, I had spent quite a few nights with her and her hubby. Most of the time just with her and hubby watching or alone. Me and her had become great friends and lovers over the last three years. She was great in bed. I really loved her. Jerry enjoyed it so why not?

After another thirty minutes, Jerry cum in my mouth with grunts. He said, "show me!" I did and swallowed at his command. Derek came in me like an eruption. I fell back on him and we kissed as Mark pile drived Kelly.

Mark came out fucking so hard and she held his cock, jerking it, as he spurted all over her chest. He slid back in her and they kissed passionately. We had pretty much gotten that bed all wet with her and my juices. 

We all got a drink and wiped ourselves off. Most of us sat at the bar and talked for about half an hour so the guys could rest their well-used cocks. They all wanted to watch me and her sixty-nine on the couch. Usually with more people there was rarely a pause for anything but a drink or two.

She laid on her back and me on top. Her boobs on my tummy and mine on hers felt erotic. My fingers delved into her and her tongue delved into me. She held my ass with her hands and her talented tongue licked my lips and clit. It was a race to see who could make the other one cum first.

My fingers were in and her juices started going everywhere. She yelled, "Fuck!" and started squiring all over. "Damn it." Jerry slid into my cunt as she licked my clit. I moaned till Mark shoved his cock in my mouth. He stood to the side so Derek could slide in her cunt.

Jerry's big dick fucked me rough and my juices ended up down his legs and all over his wife's face. I was cumming hard as I sucked Mark's big cock. Derek slapped my tits as he fucked Kelly. Eventually, the guys rotated. Jerry stayed in my pussy pumping me like a piston. I got carried away sucking and Derek shot a load and I held it in my mouth then let it drip all over Kelly's pussy hair and on Mark's dick. Mark saw it and slammed inside her and came while he kissed me.

"Fuck," her hubby yelled. "God, she's got a velvet cunt."

"No shit," said Mark. "I could fuck her all night."

Finally, me moaning with each thrust, he came in me slapping my ass at the same time. Kelly had come all over her upper thighs and cunt. He pulled out and he seed spilled onto her face and mouth. I licked up the cum on her and we sat and kissed at the bar and swapped it several time before she swallowed it. The guys had cheered us on.

We drank Jack for about fifteen minutes then it was blowjob time. Each of the men fucked out faces. Five minutes each then they switched. It was a game to see who would cum first. Whichever girl got the first load had to take the rest and swallow. 

Derek blew his load first in my mouth. Damn he said. Mark fucked my face and Jerry fucked his wife's. They switched when the time came. Eventually, Mark flooded my mouth then Jerry did right after him. Their cum was all over my chin and down my chest which Kelly was only too happy to lick up. She did then fed me the cum with a kiss and I swallowed.

"I need a fucking drink," I said. Kelly said the same. "Can you guys do it again?"

"Yeah, can you?" Kelly asked.

"Yeah, I can cum two more time," Derek said.

Jerry didn't have to say. Mark nodded yes. We drank three more shots of Jack and most of us were drunk or near to it. Jerry wanted his wife to himself for the last one. We all agreed. The other guys said they could cum twice to his once. We headed to the other two beds.

Kelly rode her husband while Derek was under me and Mark was kneeling in-front of me. The two guys ended up fucking my pussy one at a time. Derek slapped my ass hard as his cock slammed in to me. Each guy spent about five minutes or so fucking me before switching. Kelly and me kissed as Jerry had put her on her back.

Moans were all over. Mark got carried away and came in me with a loud moan. Derek took his spot and fucked me hard. He grinded it into me. Kelly's hand was fingering my clit as he hubby was fucking the shit out of her pussy. Mark got hard again as I sucked him with abandoned. Derek was doing me good. 

I was moaning loud on Mark's cock. Almost whimpering. Derek finally came gripping my ass as he did. Cum was sliding down my legs. My pussy was drenched with cum. Mark didn't care and slipped in fucking me hard. He grabbed my breasts and we moved together. Derek let Kelly suck him and clean his cock of my juices. Jerry couldn't handle it and flooded his wife's cunt with hot sticky cum.

He got up and smoked a cigarette. Derek took his place and fucked her hard. Jerry came back and she sucked his dick. He squirted a load on the side of her head and laughed. She said, "You shit."

Mark was into me. It was lovemaking almost. I was moaning loudly and cumming and he was just enjoying my cunt soaked cunt. Both the guys fucked us girls maybe another thirty minutes. Before the came, both of us were on our backs. Derek came first and Mark followed. We all kissed each other then Jerry came over and slid into me and came.

We laid there awhile while the guys cleaned up themselves. All of us were glowing from the fucking, sweaty from the sex, and spent. A few drinks and we went down and showered. Kelly and me showered together. We talked and drank some then we went to bed. Then next morning us girls were a little sore and the guys all said they doubted they could come again even if they wanted too. We ate a hearty breakfast of Belgian waffles then parted for the rest of the sunny Saturday. Like always, it was great sex and great fun. 

*

Note: If you join a sex club, I recommend it have required STD checks a week before a party and on a monthly basis. Otherwise, find another club. I've been in sex clubs since around 23 or 24. I'm 33. Be safe. Have fun. Also, make sure your partner is okay with it. If hesitant, they'll understand. You may just want to watch the first time. It's not for everyone especially if married.

Let me have your feedback. Based on that I'll post others. Maybe a Kelly and me story or two. Sorry for typos. :)