 Edited by Pantera Bonita

I had returned to Indiana from Pennsylvania and told Rachel all about my experiences. She of course had bigger news in that Mark had proposed to her. While I knew Rachel would allow me to stay with her and Mark, I didn’t think it would do well for me to be living with a newly wed couple. I still had several months to find a place on my own.

Peter Freeby had phoned me about a high paying job and asked if I was going? I didn’t know anything about the job. My company never called me about it. I had done a good job for them on the last clean-up project, so the least they could do was to call me. Peter informed me that the job paid TWICE the hourly rate. It was a level “A” job, working around some pretty nasty stuff, with 12 hour days, lasting about a week. 

I called my company up and talked to Janet, who I thought was my friend. I was pissed. When I asked her about the job, she confirmed everything Peter had told me. She went on to say, the reason why she hadn’t called me on this one was because of the chemicals they were working with, everyone was required to shower before leaving the site, and they only had one decontamination shower. I would have to shower with a bunch of my male co-workers. However, if I didn’t mind, she had one slot still open. 

After having bitched at Janet for not asking me to work this job, I had painted myself into a corner. The job would only last one week. Maybe the guys would let me shower at a separate time. Hmm. Scratch that idea. I hung up the phone and told Rachel the set up. She just quietly smiled and shook her head. 

When I showed up at the job site, I recognized the guys I was going to be working with from the last job. They were surprised to see a woman. They were told there weren’t going to be any female types on the job. I told them if they didn’t like it, I would leave. It seems everyone thought it was alright for me to stay. I could keep their spirits up. 

There were five us workers all together, me and four young black males, some in their teens. Lorenzo was considered the intellect in the group, having never been to prison. He was short (only a couple of inches taller than me) and wore glasses. He was a likable type. He always had a kind word or a hello for you. He seemed to have led a sheltered life.

JP was on the tall side and slightly overweight. He was a steady worker, but not the fastest one. He would give you 80% all day long, but when you would talk about giving a 110% he would just chuckle. That wasn’t him. 

Juice was a young muscular buck, who had been in trouble with the law several times. He was not new to life’s hard knocks. He could do the work of two or three men. Everyone loved it when he showed up on the job. He talked a lot of shit, but was really a nice guy under it all. 

Joey was the fourth character of this crew. He was half Asian with his Dad marrying a Vietnamese woman. He would call himself, “the Black Ninja.” He was muscular also and pulled his own weight, especially if he thought a woman was watching him. He had done some oddball jobs such a being a minor league ball player (he said he could hit a curve ball as well as Michael Jordan) and a male exotic dancer. 

And of course there was me, a short white girl with dark hair, 38DDD breasts and a few years older than these boys. I became the “straw boss.” There was a good bit of work to do. We divided the group in two and rotated ourselves in 3 hours dressed out in gear and 3 hours of support. At the end of a very long and hard day, we headed for the showers. 

The locker room wasn’t large at all. We each had our own locker, but they were close together. The company supplied us with towels to dry off with, but these were sadly worn and somewhat short. We were all milling about in front of our lockers, talking about how much work we accomplished in one day and what our game plan was for tomorrow while sitting on an old wooden bench, removing our shoes and socks. 

At this moment I became aware of the fact I was being watched as I continued to disrobe. I faced my locker and did not turn around as the locker room suddenly went mute as I lifted my t-shirt off over my head. I didn’t know if I should do the bra next, or my shorts. I hesitated for just a moment. They would all be seeing my naked body soon enough in the shower. It was at this point I had second thoughts about this job. I was thinking to myself, “Help Mr. Wizard, I don’t want to be a decontamination technician anymore!” 

I reached in front of my bra and unhooked it. Facing the lockers with my back turned to the guys, I doubt if they could see very much. I then wrapped a towel around me. Its shortness made for a large slit opening at the side. I wasn’t too wide either as it barely covered my ass. I removed my shorts from underneath the towel. I almost wished I had worn panties. I didn’t want the world to know I don’t normally wear panties, except for maybe a few days out of the month. 

I scurried off to the shower and the guys followed suit. There were numerous shower heads in the large stall so we didn’t have to share one. I felt a lot more comfortable with that. I removed my towel, adjusted the water temperature to almost warm and lathered up. They were piping in Lake Michigan water and not heating it up too much. Shower temperatures ranged from very cold to cold. We ended up keeping the cold water knob completely off. We talked about the water temperature as I faced the shower wall. I knew that all five guys were watching me. I could hear them occasionally whisper amongst themselves. I turned my head around once to mention the water temperature problem, and noticed that all of them had their eyes glued on the white woman. They all quickly averted their eyes as they saw me looking at them, except Lorenzo who was still pretty much in shock with his eyes and mouth both wide open. Save for Lorenzo, the guys had their backs turned to me. I made a quick glance at Lorenzo’s member. It looked like the little guy was a tripod. They didn’t tell me I was working with mutants. 

The shower went rather quickly. I again wrapped a towel around me as I headed back to the locker room. Keeping that towel on, I dried myself off with a separate towel. As I was drying off my legs, I noticed out of the corner of my eye Joey was facing me while drying off. He had a nice cock too. He was using the towel to dry off his back using both hands, working the towel vigorously back and forth. This caused his penis to swing like a pendulum. It was nice to watch. I looked away. Everyone maintained their professionalism in this matter, I was quite surprised. 

On each successive shower night, the tension in the locker room eased up. I felt a little more comfortable and by Wednesday I was drying myself off without covering myself with a towel to the delight of my co-workers. They were being gentlemen about this whole thing. Also by this time, I had causally checked out everybody’s cock. Joey and Lorenzo had woozy-doozies for sure. JP had a less than average size, and Juice being about average. It was on Wednesday while we were in the shower that Joey offered to help me “wash my back”. 

The guys stood in silence as they awaited my reply. I said, “Look, I am just too tired after all this work for any fun and games, but if we finish up early Friday and have time, I will let you all wash my back.” 

There was a general jubilation from the group, although Lorenzo was skeptical, “Even me too Miss Tammy?” 

His politeness sometimes floored me. “Especially you Lorenzo,” I replied. 

The guys worked like dynamos Thursday, spending extra time dressed out to get the clean up done a few hours ahead of schedule. In the locker room we all agreed that Friday would be a short day as most of the work was completed. This extra energy was all about my back wash, I had assumed so I said, “Since we are almost complete, I shouldn’t have to dress out tomorrow, so I won’t need to shower.” 

You could have heard a pin drop. The guys had gotten used to showering with Tammy for their nightly tit and pussy show. “No Tammy, you’re part of the team, Juice said with authority.” 

“Relax, I was just joking guys, “I reassured them. Heaven forbid that they miss their nightly Tammy strip and shower show. 

On Friday we ended up early. The boss was pleased and agreed to pay us for eight hours that day, even though we only worked four. It was about lunch time when we hit the showers. The guys reminded me about my promise to let them “wash my back.” 

We entered the showers naked for the fifth time this week, with all of us being finally at ease with our nakedness. Okay, it was me who was finally comfortable. Joey approached me with a bar of Dove in his had, invading my shower space. 

“Are you ready?” Joey asked as he worked the bar on a wash cloth. 

“Sure” I replied. I turned my back on him and pulled my hair to the side to fully expose my back to him. 

Joey worked the soapy cloth back and forth on my shoulders, slowly zigzagging his way down my back. His washing strokes extended a bit when he reached my breasts, making extra sure the sides of my breasts were every bit as clean as my back. I had stopped his hand a couple of times with my arm. Not that I objected to his touch, it was just that I was ticklish at that spot. I giggled a little bit, instinctively brought my arm down, and said, “Stop.” 



This only seemed to encourage Joey more, who stopped his washing for a moment and tickled my sides. I bent over with laughter, breasts jiggling, putting on a show. I managed to pull away and faced Joey and said, “Stop it now or I’ll leave, and there will be no more back washing. If you want to wash the sides too, you can, just don’t be so gentle.” 

Joey smiled back at me, staring mesmerized by my breasts. “Lady you got yourself a deal.” He caught me checking out his dick. “Want to wash me too?” 

“We’ll see.” I replied. We returned under the shower head. Joey again resumed scrubbing the mounds of flesh on the sides of my tits. When he got down to my ass, he kept washing downward in his zigzagging fashion. Soon his wash cloth was all over my ass. Once he made it to the bottom of my ass cheeks, Joey dispensed with the cloth and rubbed me with his soapy hands, with an occasional finger rub on my pussy from behind. He was just “feeling me out” to see if I was ticklish here too. After a few test passes with a slight pussy feel, Joey got more daring and slid his finger inside of my lips. I bit my lower lip and took a half step to open up my legs so he could finger me from behind. 

A crowd had now gathered around me, as Juice was now demanding his turn to wash my back. JP and Lorenzo stood by, less vocal, but just as attentive. 

The Dove bar had been dropped to the shower floor. I bent over to pick it up, maintaining finger contact with Joey while doing so. With the bar of soap in hand I announced, “Okay who wants their thingy cleaned?” 

The guys stood around silent, looking at each other for a moment, as if they didn’t know what the correct answer was. As their straw boos I gave them some guidance. “I don’t stick anything in me unless it was been thoroughly decontaminated.” 

Juice jumped forward. I soaped up my hands and grabbed a hold of his dick, which grew in hard in my hand. I stood there washing his shaft, reaching underneath and soaping up his balls. Joey was still finger fucking me from behind. He had made the leap from one to two fingers. Juice reached down and touched my pubic hair and worked the outside of my pussy lips against Joey’s darling digits working away inside of me. 

JP and Lorenzo decided they would help out too. They attempted to keep my nipples dry by sucking off the shower water running down them. JP’s tongue flicked on my nipple until it was good and hard. Lorenzo was sucking on his nipple, until he saw what JP was doing and decided to imitate him. 

Juice was about ready to pop in my hand. He said, “Am I clean enough for you to eat now?” 

“Why yes you are Juice, but I need to make sure everyone is decontaminated first. Why don’t you swap places with JP?” 

I once again picked up the bar of soap and worked on JP’s dick. The fact that JP’s tongue had just licked my right tit didn’t deter Juice from taking a taste. Juice was more physical with my breast than JP. He had to knead the flesh more, squeezing, grabbing, poking, pinching, patting. He also worked over my one ass check with his other hand while he did this. Lorenzo, seeing it was okay to touch my ass, gently grasped my other cheek. Once JP was good and soapy, and had his turn feeling my pussy hairs and lips, I had him swap with Lorenzo. 

Lorenzo was shy for a guy with such a big dick. I tried to put him a little at ease, “I may need an extra bar of soap for this one.” The guys laughed as did Lorenzo. After all I had him by the balls. The guys were gentlemanly enough to maintain their gratuitous feels of privates, while I soaped up Lorenzo’s hose. 

“You work for the fire company” I said as his cock erected in my warm slippery grasp. 

“Why no Miss Tammy I don’t.” he replied. 

“They are always looking good hose men. You seem to be a natural.” I continued. Damn. If you have to explain them why bother, right? I ended the joke material. Instead I took Lorenzo’s right hand and place it on my pubic mound. He rubbed my pussy for a few seconds and then it happened. He came right in my hand. It caught me off guard. Normally I can sense or feel when a cock is about to explode. The soap and water must have thrown me off. 

Lorenzo pulled back after he done and apologized. “I am sorry Miss Tammy, I...I didn’t mean to do that. It just happened.” 

Lorenzo seemed very upset; Juice was about in tears from laughter. “Lorenzo”, I said, “That’s alright. But as your boss, I am going to make you do that over again, but only this time more slowly.” 

Lorenzo smiled and was agreeable. He was beginning to come around. “Okay, I can do that Miss Tammy.” 

I soaped up my last dick. Joey also had a nice elephant truck swaying on him. He gave up his spot from behind to Juice. After a few more black hands on my tits, pussy and ass, I managed to lather up Joey. I worked his cock with both hands, then let the water rinse off the soap. Juice said, “We’re all decontaminated. I’m taking this hole.” 

I felt his dick enter my pussy from behind as his hand pushed my head down, bending me over at the waist. I was eye to eye with Joey’s trouser snake. I took his huge dark dick and put the tip of it in my mouth. I didn’t want to open my mouth too much, as this allowed water inside of it, making it difficult to give head. So I made sure I put a good wet seal on his dick as I slid it in and out of my mouth. JP and Lorenzo were on either side of Joey, with dicks in hand. I assumed the constant feeling and kneading of my tits helped them maintain an erection. 

With Juice’s dick working over my pussy, I swapped cocks. JP’s dick was small enough I could suck him clean to his balls. I managed to maintain my balance by holding on to the two available poles pointed at me. 

Lorenzo’s cock was another story. Slightly larger than Joey’s and a little limp, I had to give it special attention. I let go of the poles for a moment while I lifted Lorenzo’s pride with my hand and licked the underside of it. It tasted a lot like Lake Michigan. 

In a bent over position I took a few awkward steps to get my face out of the spray of the water. Juice re-entered me from behind and continued my fucking. I was now ready to suck some dick with out distractions, although I really wanted one of the big dicks in my pussy, either Lorenzo, or Joey. 

I said, “Juice, swap out with Lorenzo please. Better yet, Lorenzo- lay down on the shower floor.” 

I pulled myself away from Juice’s dick again. Lorenzo objected. “But Miss Tammy people walk on that floor.” 

I guess he was afraid of getting athlete’s ass or something. 

“Joey, how about you lying on the floor so I can ride you?” I said with no hesitation. 

Joey didn’t have a problem with it. He lay down on the wet shower floor as I straddled myself over his big dick. We were going to see how far this thing stretches. My pussy lips parted wide as the mounted myself on Joey, facing away from him. It took a few seconds for him to reach the bottom of my pussy. He still had a couple of inches left over. Better too much than too little. 

I asked Juice to shower my pussy juice off his cock first before I put it in my mouth. He obliged. I had three studs towering over me, all wanting my mouth to suck them off. I rotated my sucking between them. At one time I had two black cocks in my hands, while I was bobbing my head back and forth on Juice’s dick. Joey was doing a good job fucking me. He kept my pussy full to the brim with cock. I loved my horsey ride. 

While I was sucking on Juice, he became overly excited. He grabbed my head and forced his cock down my throat. His other hand grabbed my tit as he forced fucked my face. He was getting ready to cum in my mouth. I took my hands and gently touched his balls. He exploded his cum into the back of my mouth- very salty. I almost had to spit it out, but I maintained my composure and swallowed all his goo like a good girl. 

With Juice finished off, this allowed me to concentrate on JP’s cock. Lorenzo, having cum once already could wait. He would just have to be satisfied playing with my titties until I was done with JP. I sucked on JP slowly, moving my head back and forth, allowing his cock to go into my mouth clear down to his balls. I removed his cock from my mouth a couple of times to lick the outside of it and to suck on his balls a little. This wasn’t going to be a great blow job, just a little Tammy “thank you” cock suck. I took JP’s dick in my hand and stroked it into my mouth. I was actually beating me off into my mouth while sucking on the tip of his dick. This technique worked very well as I soon had another mouth full of cum. 

JP thanked me and walked off leaving me with two huge cocks to satisfy. 

I decided I wanted Joey on top of me. We swapped positions to more of a missionary style. Joey had such muscular ass checks. I wanted to wrap my arms around him and feel them as he fucked my pussy with his pole. The muscles expanding and contracting on his ass was delightful. I had Lorenzo squat down over my face and place his dick in my mouth. This position proved too awkward and very quickly we moved again. Joey went to his knees and grabbed my ass and moved it into the air. This allowed Lorenzo to straddle my face with his knees at my shoulders and cock in my face. My arms were pinned to my side as his woozy-doozy slid between my lips into my mouth. 

Joey was using deep thrusting motions on me. His cock was just tearing my pussy up, and I loved it. Lorenzo’s big black cock tasted sweet in my mouth. He had his hands behind his back, playing with my titties. This was heaven-being fulfilled by two huge dicks.

Lorenzo grabbed a hold of my head and moved it to and fro as my mouth easily glided across his cock. I could taste the pre-cum of his big black dick. Speaking of big black dick, my pussy was drenched. I don’t recall how many times I had cum; I just had to make a mental effort not to bite Lorenzo when I did. That big black dick would bottom out on my pussy. It seemed like with every few strokes I felt a rush and a shudder. This excitement increased my desire to swallow some cum. 

Lorenzo soon enough obliged me in that area as his cock unloaded into my mouth. I savored the taste of his orgasm and squeezed his overgrown cock- good to that last drop. Yummy, yummy, tummy, I got cum in my tummy. 

After Lorenzo got off my face, Joey grabbed my pale white tits with his large ebony hands. This was just a quick grab as he came inside of me. His hot cum hosed down the inside of my pussy, giving me one final orgasm. We stood up in the now icy cold shower and rinsed off a bit. It was almost as if we had never showered at all. 
