 I had been invited to my first gangbang with a very hot looking gal. There was to be 4-6 guys show up and our profiles had been passed to each other to make sure that everyone was comfortable with each other. Cathy's rule was that we all had to be comfortable around each other as we'd all be naked and ready to play. In the profiles they all showed facial pictures and pictures of their bodies in either a "play ready mood" or just the everyday look. Few profiles even listed themselves as bi or bi curious, which mine listed myself as Bi. 

Cathy got replies back from at least 4 of them that said that they were cool with at least an open bi being there, just that it was understood that she was to be the main attraction and not them. Of course she forwarded all emails that she received from one person to the others and they all knew what the others were saying. No secrets were to be held that night.

Well the night finally arrived and we all agreed to meet at her place at 8pm and we each had to bring our own rubbers as nobody was allowed to cum IN her but they could cum ON her. We also knew that anal was her choice and if she elected to share that hole with us, it would be on a individual bases, not to expect to fuck her ass. Well at 8:30, 6 guys showed up and we all went into her "play room" and got naked. Cathy took turns sucking and stroking each of us, when the phone rang. See Cathy was surgical nurse and while it wasn't her turn to be on call, there was an emergency and they hoped she was home so she could come in.

Now Cathy felt really bad, but told all of us to fuck her as hard and fast as we could, but that we'd have to call this night an early one, unless all of us were willing to stick around till she got back. 5 of us agreed to stick around including myself, so we fucked her as hard as she could take it. As we knew Cathy needed to go, we all quickly cum and allowed her to clean up, grab her scrubs and race the mile to the hospital. 

One guy then left as he didn't feel comfortable around me and the other guys waiting in her home. She phoned us after getting there and told us that she guessed that unless something went wrong, she'd be gone till about 11-12am. Make ourselves at home.

Well we all decided to clean up and while I left to take a shower, the other guys started talking to each other. They put a plan together to see if they could all fuck me or if at the very least, I'd give them all a blow job till Cathy got back. Well I stepped out of the shower and walked back into the room to find all the guys in a semi hard state. I asked them what was up and they said that maybe I'd be willing to "take care of them" while they waited for Cathy to get back. 

I was a little shocked but asked what they had in mind. I was then told that maybe I could give them a blow job as few of them had "heard" that guys give better blow jobs than gals do and that they were told that I have had my ass fucked before. I told them that I've been told that I DO give a better blow job than some women and yes I did like my ass fucked. They asked if I like to have cum in my ass or mouth and I told them that as I didn't know them that well, maybe neither tonight. With that I started to suck one after the other.

The first guy that I sucked was the one that was open about being bi curious. When I blew him, he couldn't hold back and exploded into my mouth. He was very sorry that he didn't hold out longer but it was true, guys did give better than some gals. With that the other guys each came in my mouth. Now while I was sucking the 3rd guy, Tom, the guy that I sucked first and was slightly bi curious, started to suck me. As he was sucking me, he started to finger my ass. The guy that I'd not sucked yet found some lube and tossed it to him and Tom started to lube my ass so that he could finger me more. When he felt that I had been lubed enough, he lifted my legs up and eased his cock to my ass...now keep in mind, I'm still sucking one guy. Tom pushed and pushed then finally got into me. Within a few minutes, started to fuck me nice and slow but exploded into me just as fast as he had when I sucked him.

Then it happened, the guys that weren't interested in doing a guy, all ended up fucking me. I finally agreed that they could all take turns but depending on their cock size, depended on how hard they did me and in what position. I took 2 with my legs up and 2 doggy style, with the guys that did me doggy style, really getting to fuck me good as by that time I was good and loose. 

Tom, meanwhile was watching all the action and was stroking himself when the 4th guy finally got done. Tom asked if I really enjoyed it as much as it seemed that I was and I told him that I did. He asked me if I'd be his first to fuck his ass. I told him that I'd be honored but as I was thicker than the others, maybe he should ask one of them. He told me that he wanted me as I'd be easy with him and that it was my turn to cum. 

The others agreed not to do him and just watch. So I slowly lubed him up and fingered his ass till I thought he was ready. I placed the head of my cock to his ass and told him to relax and I pushed in. Now I had his legs up and was able to watch his face so that I knew if I needed to stop, or push more. I was surprised that Tom allowed me all into him with just a few thrusts, but I did keep lubing his ass. I slowly pushed in and out till I'd gotten him to a point that I had hoped that maybe he'd ask me to fuck him harder. 

Which he did finally, I asked him if he was sure as if he wanted it deeper or harder, it would be better if he got on all 4's like I was. Tom agreed and with the other guys watching, got on all 4's for me to fuck. I slowly entered him again and told him that I'd slowly build up to doing him hard and that at any time, he could tell me to stop and I would. 

Tom was a great fuck as he kept telling me more...harder...and I did just what he wanted...I fucked him harder, deeper till I was ready to cum and warned him...Tom told me to cum in him like they all had cum in me. I couldn't resist and exploded into Tom, just as Cathy walked back into the room. She seen how Tom allowed me to cum in him and the other guys seemed to be excited about watching me do his ass. She was then told the story of what all happened as she started to strip her clothes off and lay on the bed.

Cathy told the guys that if Tom could take me in his ass, that I'd get to do her ass. They could do her pussy. With that, the gangbang of Cathy that was started earlier, picked up where we'd stopped. Cathy did give Tom a surprise later, she allowed him to also fuck her ass and to do it WITHOUT a rubber.