 I couldn't believe it!!! Tonight was the night. I was so nervous but excited at the same time. I had wanted this for so long and now – after weeks of planning- it was going to happen. 

But wait – let me introduce myself. My name is Sarah and I am 25 years old. I live in a small country town in Australia and I can never get enough sex.

I mean it's hard to find men to have sex with and still keep your reputation in a town where everyone knows everyone, especially with a Dad and Four older brothers. Fortunately they go on overnight fishing trips quite often so I do get some time have some fun but still I have to be careful.

I tried relationships and trust me country boys are hot and really know how to please a woman but though they are fun to play with they are not relationship material and besides my sex drive usually scared them away, so after a few tries I had to give up.

My problem was I wanted to be gangbanged. I really wanted to have lots of guys clambering after my body – filling me with their cocks – I wanted to feel completely fulfilled and end the night covered with their spent goo – but try that in a country town and I reckon my Dad and 4 older brothers would either kill me or kill the boys – so all I could do was dream.

Then I found an internet site called Gangbangers where a group of guys were offering ladies anonymous gang bangs. They would organize the place and provide hoods for everyone and the lady could decide if she wanted her eyes covered or not. I just about came reading the site. I hadn't thought of being blindfolded but wow – what a turn on that would be. It made me feel more normal too knowing other women wanted this – maybe I wasn't the sexual deviant I feared I was.

I decided to create an anonymous email account and sent an email to the address given. I told them I was 25 – 5'8 with long blonde hair, DD cup breasts and a really cute butt and I really wanted to have sex with lots of men at the same time. I couldn't believe I could be so bold. What would my Dad think. Mum had died when I was two so Dad and my four older brothers raised me and did a great job except they tended to be a little over protective. Even though I am 25 I had only just managed to move out of the house and even now they visit most days to make sure I am ok which is sweet but doesn't give me much privacy.

I got an email the next day. They told me they were a group of five horny men whose mission in life was to make dreams cum true for ladies such as myself. They could provide health certificates if I wanted them not to use condoms and they would wear masks as well as provide me with one so we would never be able to identify each other. They would organize the venue and pay for it and provide food, wine and any toys I might like to play with if 5 mouths and cocks were not enough for me. They told me I made the rules as far as what sort of sex was ok and how rough it got and I could say stop at anytime and they would. They said they loved blondes and would love the opportunity to satisfy me in anyway they could and if I wanted to be covered in their cum they were happy to oblige.

Wow – I was beginning to wonder if it might not be as much fun if I had to be so organized – it was like ordering a pizza- but hey I ALWAYS enjoy pizza and it might be my only opportunity to live out my fantasy – so I responded with my likes and dislikes but asked if I could possibly see a picture of their cocks or at least know their dimensions so I could decide if I would have anal sex or not. 

I had only had it once and that was in a paddock after school one day and I think it was an accident. A boy and I had been kissing and fooling around when we realised there was another couple having sex right in front of us. For some reason it made me really horny and before I knew what I was doing I had the boy's penis in my hand and was tugging it for all it was worth while I watched the other couple fucking. 

He could see I wasn't going to take my eyes off them so he got me on all fours and pulled down my pants and shoved his nine inch cock into me. It was a first for both of us so we didn't have a clue what we were doing but I knew it felt a bit strange. 

I couldn't stop watching the other guys cock thrusting in and out of the other girl's pussy though and was so turned on I hardly realized I was in pain from the pounding my poor dry virgin asshole was getting. I reached down and started bringing myself to orgasm and with all the sexual energy– the other couple, the boy and I all came at once. 

Embarrassed we both quickly dressed and I ran home to get changed before Dad and my brothers got home and saw cum dripping from my bum. I was so turned on but wasn't sure about the anal sex so decided if it happened again I would only do it with a small cock which is hard to find in the country – country boys all seem to have big thick long ones.

The Gangbangers wrote back explaining how they would approach my ass and how they would ready me for anal sex so it didn't matter how big the cock was. They all had more than 9 inches and were quite thick so they were used to getting girls ready. They suggested I have an enema before coming out and if I could manage it – insert a butt plug – the biggest I could manage and I would find there would be no pain – just pleasure and lots of it. There was something about the way they worded it that made me feel cared about – I knew they would look after me.

We organized to meet the next week at a motel about 100km away. I would get there at a set time – go in, shower put on clothes they would provide and of course the mask and wait in the bedroom. The room would be a suite so they could come in and get ready without me seeing them. When it was over they would leave and then I could shower and leave when I was ready. I decided to hire a car just to be as anonymous as possible – I didn't want my family turning up to drag me home – I don't think they would think I was sweet little Sarah then!!!!!

So this was it. I had used the enema and had inserted the butt plug. My panties were soaked I was so excited. I drove to the motel and found the room with the key in the door. I went in and found the bedroom – they had laid out a very feminine white lacy nite gown – not at all what I was expecting – but it gave me confidence these guys would treat me well. 

I showered and put on the nite gown – it had matching lace G string which I knew would be sopping before they even arrived. I fitted the mask over my head. It secured at the neck and tied so my whole head was covered except a gaping whole for my mouth. I had decided to go blind so my mouth would be all they could see and if I had anything to do with it – they would only see it full of cock. I had five cocks I wanted to suck and have cum in my mouth – I could hardly wait.

I almost orgasmed on the spot when the door opened. I hadn't heard them come into the first room so it was a bit of a shock - -but a good one. 

We had agreed to no talking – I wanted this to be completely anonymous so the first thing I felt was a pair of large hands caressing my hand in a reassuring way and then someone kissed me. It was the most passionate kiss I had experienced and I don't know why but I thought maybe we wouldn't kiss. 

He used his lips to caress mine and gently used his tongue to search the inside of my lips. He laid down on me and embraced me. I couldn't help moaning softly and my legs parted as my body moved in the embrace. I remember thinking I could kiss this guy for the rest of my life. He kissed me as if he loved me. I could feel he was completely naked and we kissed and caressed in such a passionate way I almost forgot there were four other men in the room.

I felt hands sliding up my inner thigh and gently caress me. The man kissing me moved so he was still kissing me but my body was no longer under him. I felt other hands caress my breasts outside the lace. I felt my body arch and more moans escaped. I had never been touched like this before. 

The kissing continued as hands slipped under the lace to my breasts. I shuddered as I felt my first orgasm escape when my nipples were touched. I felt myself being sat up, still kissing as my clothing was slid off my body – the hands on my thighs moved to the edge of the panties and slid gently under – my wetness was evident and the owner of the hand shuddered in his own excitement. The gentle touching continued as my panties were removed and I felt two mouths start to stimulate my nipples as two sets of hands caressed my thighs – close to but not touching my soaked pussy. 

I could feel the heavy breathing of my lovers as two more orgasms escaped and my frustration increased as my pussy screamed to be touched. I tried to maneuver my body to their hands but they stayed just out of reach. The man kissing me suddenly stopped and I felt abandoned until I felt his weight on the bed between my legs and his expert tongue began to kiss my soaked pussy. 

With my mouth free my moans were coming hard and fast as I was swept to orgasm after orgasm. This was nothing like the fantasy – which was rougher and cruder but this was so much better – being fucked by 5 men would be hot – but being made love to was almost more than I could cope with. My body shuddered under the caresses of tongues and hands and then I felt it.

The man between my legs had raised himself and was going to make love to me – the other men stood aside while he started to gently slide into me – and then.........he pushed himself in with one hard and fast move and my orgasm could have been heard for miles.  

The tempo had changed at just the right time and this gentle man was now fucking me with his huge cock so hard I thought I would break. We had agreed to no condoms so it wasn't long before his pounding reached a crescendo and I felt his ejaculation deep inside me. Before I could relax and enjoy the after glow – he had removed himself and I was being fucked by an even bigger cock with as much force until it too exploded deep inside me. This continued until all five men had fucked me with such force I wondered if I would ever walk again – but I wanted more.

The once gentle hands now turned me over so I was on all fours. I felt a cock pushing at my mouth and opened to let it slide it – I felt my self gag as he forced it deep into my throat. I was going to love this. At the same time I felt something gooey being applied to my ass and tensed slightly as I realized this rough play included taking me anally. 

The assault on my mouth continued as I adjusted my mouth and throat to accommodate this huge cock that was forcing its way into my mouth. I could taste my own juices but had no time to savor them as my face was fucked harder and harder. 

I was trying to work out how long it would take him to cum when I felt an intrusion behind me – they had distracted me by fucking my face so I hadn't even realized a cock was entering my anus. I don't know what happened after that but I felt so primal and so incredibly horny I pushed back forcing the cock further into my ass. Its owner sensing my mood – rammed his cock into me and I felt the biggest orgasm I have ever had engulf me as I was fucked mercilessly by two huge cocks. It was only when I felt someone slide under me I remembered the other three men and realized this one wanted to force his cock into my pussy while his friend was in my ass. 

I wanted this so bad – the cock in my mouth slowed down – maybe he was trying to watch – as I lowered my pussy onto the cock below and we all adjusted ourselves so we could continue this rough hard fucking my body craved. This was better than any fantasy and the blindness only heightened the sensations I was feeling.

I felt the cock in my mouth stiffen and felt his ejaculate spurt into my mouth and throat. He allowed me to suck and lick him clean before he was replaced by an even bigger cock pushing its way into my throat. I was ready to slow down a bit so I tried to suck more than just have my mouth open and this cock allowed me to do this.

I love sucking cock so I was not going to be deprived. I sucked him in and out and within seconds he was shooting his load down my already sticky throat. I kept him in my mouth being careful as I knew he would be sensitive, licking and sucking his shaft gently encouraging it to remain hard. As I was doing this I felt the two men whose cocks were deep inside me speed up and realised they were both going to cum. 

I let go of the cock in my mouth and felt a scream building inside me as the feeling of two huge cocks cumming simultaneously inside me caused an orgasm so strong I lost consciousness. When I recovered I was on my back. I thought I was alone until I realized I could hear lots of breathing and wondered what was happening. I then felt the first spurt hit my breast and realized as I was showered in cum – they had decided to masturbate over my unconscious body. I was a little disappointed as I felt there was more fucking to be done – but I needn't have worried. After having some wine and a wonderful selection of fine cheeses and fruit – I once again felt hands moving my body into position and the fucking continued.

The third time I awoke after a massive orgasm following the third double penetration I had that night I really was alone. My body was stiff and covered in cum. I was amazed how many times those men could orgasm and secretly wondered if there had been 20 of them. I allowed myself to sleep and woke up, my fingers on my clitoris – bringing myself to yet another orgasm. I really was insatiable. 

When I was sure I really was alone I took off the hood and looked around the room. It was a nice room – a bit up market – they really were nice men. I wondered where they came from and if they had wives and families. What made them want to give women so much pleasure? I wondered how they met each other and how they started the web site. I also had a smile for all the other lucky women they would meet, though I must say I would be a little jealous – I wanted to keep them all to myself. 

Then I saw something that caused the pit of my stomach to wretch and found my self running to the bathroom where I vomited for what seemed like hours. 

These lovely men had taken a Polaroid for me to keep which was sweet but it was the first time I had seen them. 

The photo was taken when I was having a double penetration while sucking on a cock, one man standing behind and the other must have taken the photo. 

Even with hoods I recognized them – I had been watching them for years - and their matching tattoos – a skull on one shoulder and a dagger on the other. I looked and each shoulder I could see had either one or the other and the man whose cock was firmly impaled in my ass had the love heart on his chest I had played with since I could remember. 

The man whose cock was fucking my ass was my father and the other four men were my brothers. 

I had just had the best sexual experience of the life with my family. Did they know it was me? How could they – they had not seen me naked since I was little and I had tattoos now I had never shown them – well they had seen them now. 

I was sick with shame and guilt - oh god I had sucked my Dad's cock and my bothers' and yet even with this realization I still could not help getting excited that I had unknowingly had my father and brothers do to me things I feared they would kill me for if they knew. 

I had to pull myself together – how would I ever look at them again. I had to be extra careful so they did not realize what they had done – I knew how they felt about me and it would kill them to know they had violated me in this way – I was their little girl.

I decided to act normally around them but this proved harder than I thought.