 We met Elle that fateful summer night, at a garden party. 

I begged Jay to go with me, thinking my 6ft badass of a boyfriend would roll his eyes at going to a fancy outdoor function to raise money for the community gardens. To my surprise, he agreed, dressing up in a suit and tie. He put on dark sunglasses, and I couldn't help but giggle.

"You look like you just stepped off the set of Reservoir Dogs," I said, smiling. "I'll be ready very soon." I decided to wear a pearl necklace, gold gladiator sandals, pink sunglasses, and little pink sundress that showed off enough ample cleavage that it would be sexy, but still appropriate for a garden party.

Hand in hand, we walked several blocks to the community gardens building. The gardens were on the rooftop, and the elevators to the top floors had mirrors on both doors. Jay took this perfect opportunity to admire the both of us in various positions, straight from the Kama Sutra.

I pulled my skirt back down as we reached the top floor. "Your panties are in my pocket," Jay whispered, his hand on my bare ass cheek, as we composed ourselves. He took my hand once again, and we stepped off the elevator, greeting my friends, who thanked us for buying a ticket to the fundraiser. 

"Astrid! Jay!" My best friend Roxy, who lived in the apartments below the garden, sailed over to us, kissing us both on the cheek. "You two smell like sex. Jay, this is what you get for dating Astrid - the girl is a rabbit."

"I'm a redhead," I said defensively. "It's in my DNA."

"Uh huh," Roxy said. "Oh, let me introduce you to my new neighbor. You'll get along famously with her, you're all Game of Thrones weirdos. She moved here from Tennessee. She's a stripper and women's lit TA at Barnard. Her name is Elle."

Elle's green cat-like eyes lit up when she saw us; she had a cute elfin grin, blonde bob haircut, and was 5'10 in heels. She was in her early thirties like Jay and I. Elle had a nice, tight body - she wearing a white fur bikini top, and black leather skirt and boots. "So you're Astrid and Jay," she purred. "Roxy told me you're GoT fans."

"I do a lot of cosplay," I said, smiling back at Elle. "And of course, we organize bar nights, so Game of Thrones fans can get drunk in proper fashion."

"Tonight I'm cosplaying Mr. White," Jay laughed. "The missus MADE ME DO IT."

"I adore them already, Roxy," Elle said, slipping her slim arms around Jay and I. "Let's go get drinks!"

We found our way to the open bar and I ordered bourbon as Jay and Elle chatted about their favorite drinks. I liked seeing the two of them side by side. They stood out from my 4'11 height, and I adored their elegance. 

Elle kissed me on top of my wild mermaid length mane of red hair and ordered a Sophia Loren. "Your lady is too adorable, Jay," Elle said. "I'm going to steal her from you and keep her as my little fairy fluttering around the gardens."

"He might share, if you ask nicely," I giggled."

"Pretty please," Elle said, looking Jay in the eyes, her hands all over the front of his suit, running up and down. I smirked, knowing how hard Jay was right now. "May I PLEASE play with your little missus?"

"You two are nothing BUT trouble," Jay said. "I like that." 

We took our seats at the bar, and I leaned over to make out with Elle while Jay watched, raising his glass at the bartender who smiled fondly at us. 

Elle was running her hand up and down the unicorn tattoo on my arm. "Think they'll notice us missing for a little while?"

"I doubt anyone will be too shocked," I said. "But it's a shame they're all here. I'd love to fuck you and Jay on this rooftop."

"Look at you," Elle remarked. "You little dom. Someone really ought to teach you a lesson, Astrid. Why don't we all slip back to my apartment. I haven't had any female company in ages. Jay, you join us."

"I wouldn't dream of saying no," Jay said. We finished our drinks, and Elle and I couldn't stop kissing and squeezing each other on the ass as we all walked toward the elevator.

"Jay!" Roxy called out, delighted at embarrassing all of us. "Leaving so soon?"

Jay pointed to Elle and I and shrugged, as Roxy laughed. I could still hear her while the elevator doors closed. Elle shoved me up against Jay, pulling up my skirt. 

"Oh!" She said, delighted. "You're not wearing any panties."

"Here you go," Jay said, pulling them out of his pocket and shoving them into my mouth.

"Perfect. I'm going to make her scream." Elle dropped onto her knees, shoving my thighs apart, as Jay wrapped his hands around my wrists, keeping me still. Elle shoved her hot pink tongue up my pussy, thrusting her face against me. She was grinding her nose against my clit, making me squirm.

Jay snatched up a huge section of my hair, shoving my head down. "STAY STILL, Astrid, while you're getting your pussy eaten out. You heard her, you need to learn some manners."

I moaned, my lace panties muffling my loud cries, as Elle cheerfully moved onto my ass, shoving her tongue deep into my tight hole. The elevator stopped suddenly, and the door opened. Elle stood, taking me by the wrist, Jay following behind, his hands on both our bums. Elle typed in her apartment key code, and unlocked the door. She and I tumbled in, Jay pulling my panties from my mouth, so I could kiss her and taste myself all over Elle's lips, her tongue. We all were on our way towards Elle's bedroom, covered with nude paintings of women and well-lit mirrors. She had a swan-shaped bed, with red silk sheets, and heart shaped pillows. 

Elle grabbed one of the pillows, shoving me down on the bed, and propping my ass up. "Let's tie her up," she said to Jay. "She's a wild animal - best if we keep her like that while we fuck her. Look in my drawer for anything you think we'll need."

Elle undressed me, and I tried taking off her bra top, but she slapped me. "No! You ask my permission first, slut!"

"May I please take your top off, Mistress?" I begged sweetly. "Pretty please with a cherry on top?"

"Hmm...all right," Elle agreed. I untied the knot on her bra and sat up to suck and bite on her tits and nipples as she moaned. "You fucking vampire," Elle said, grabbing onto my hair and pulling it, hard. "I knew you were a biter. Jay, what did you find?"

"Here you go," Jay said, holding out a coil of wicked looking black rope. "Let's put her in a harness." 

Elle and Jay uncoiled the rope, moving quickly around me to bind my breasts and arms behind my back. They put on metal clamps on both of my nipples, making certain the black screws on the sides were tightened to the max. I cried out, and Elle pinched my nose. I opened by mouth and she spit in it. "I don't think either us told you that you could make any noise, slut. We'll have to gag you again." 

Jay handed her a black ball gag, and Elle shoved it into my mouth, tightly fastening the strap around the back of my head. Jay and Elle took off what remained of each other's clothes, kissing as they towered over me. I could feel my pussy getting incredibly wet as Jay squeezed Elle's tits, and she stroked his hard dick. 

"Aww, the rabbit isn't get any attention," teased Elle. "Don't worry. I have something for you."

Jay held up the strap on he had found in Elle's drawers. My eyes widened as I gazed in amazement at the 14 inch dildo attached. Was she really going to fuck me with that?

"Think she can take all that?" Elle smirked at me.

"She's going to take it ALL," Jay said, handing her the strap on. "And she's going to love every inch of it. Aren't you, baby?"

I whimpered as Elle put her hand on my neck, my ass still propped up on the pillow. She fingered my pussy, spitting in her hand, and shoving four fingers deep inside me. "You're fucked now, rabbit." 

Elle mounted me, shoving the dildo up into my aching pussy as I screamed, the sound silenced by my gag. She pressed her hand down on my neck, choking me as she ruthlessly fucked, my hips bucking up against hers, kicking my legs out as I struggled for air. Jay, watching us, stroked his big dick, as Elle turned toward him, finally letting me breathe. 

"Fuck my ass while I fuck the hell out of your girlfriend."

Jay, always the gentleman, obliged Elle and got behind her to ram his dick up her ass, as he reached over and held onto her tits while Elle forced every inch of the huge dildo inside me. The three us found a perfect rhythm, all fucking at a manic speed.

"I'm close," Jay warned Elle.

"Cum inside me. I want the rabbit here to eat your cum from my ass."

Jay groaned, finished inside her, as I orgasmed from Elle's final thrusts. She pulled out as Jay backed away from her, watching as Elle pulled off my gag and sat, facing him, on my face.

"Lick it up, baby," Jay said. "Lick all my cum out of her asshole. Every. Last. Drop."

Elle was grinding her asshole down onto my tongue as I swallowed mouthfuls of Jay's cum dripping down into my throat. She didn't get up until she was clean.

"We're not done yet, rabbit," she warned me. "Jay, I want her upside down. We'll attach the rope to the wooden beams on the ceiling."

They untied me and ordered me to shove my fingers in and out of my ass and mouth as they set up the rope. When they had finished, they pulled me up, flipping me upside down, binding my ankles first. The harness twisted around my entire body, my arms tightly tied behind my back. 

"She needs something..." Elle mused. She walked over to her drawers, moving everything around until she found exactly what she wanted. "Perfect." She had a black leather O-ring gag to stretch my mouth. 

"Open wide, rabbit. Lucky, lucky Jay will be getting the perfect deep throat blow job tonight. But don't you worry. I'm going to give your ass PLENTY of attention."

Elle brought out a huge heart shaped wooden paddle. Jay was getting hard again already, his hand back around himself as Elle began to spank me. She wasn't holding anything back, she took her arm and the paddle all the way up in the air and landed her slaps right onto my ass. After about ten good smacks, and she felt my ass was red and sore enough, she grabbed the same 14 inch dildo she had fucked my pussy with and drove the tip into my asshole. Jay knelt on the bed, and shoved his dick into my wide open mouth. He easily slid himself into my throat, fucking, as Elle forced the dildo deeper into my ass. They both used my holes, Elle fingering herself as she watched Jay pick up speed and lose control as he roared, cumming once more, so hard that cum was dripping all over my chin. He took off the O-ring and ordered me to lick it up quickly. I obeyed, and begged Elle to let me cum.

"No," Elle said, fucking my ass harder. "You cum when I TELL YOU to cum!"

I whined, struggling in the ropes, trying to be good. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity of Elle punishing my asshole with her dildo, she ordered me to cum. I was sobbing at this point, grateful for my chance. Elle pulled the dildo out of my ass, and they untied me, gently settling my red, bruised, and beyond fucked body down onto the bed.

I cleaned off her dildo with my tongue, and rested as Elle and Jay went to take a shower and fuck. I was spent but I couldn't help but play a little with my pussy at the sounds of them fucking loudly in the shower. I waited until they were done, and took my own shower, relaxing happily under the hot water. I walked back into Elle's bedroom, naked, and saw the two of them asleep on the bed. I curled up on the other side of Jay, smiling, plotting.

I had left my pearl necklace on the roof earlier. I would ask them to help me find it when they awoke, and then it was my turn to have them both on their knees. I fell asleep, with visions of having them crawl around on the hard concrete, floating sweetly in my mind.