 I was talking to my lover one evening after a long day, and I asked her to tell me about something that she desperately wanted. I was just making conversation at the time, but she asked me what specific area of life I was talking about. To be a smart Alec, I told her to start with sex. I don't know what answer I expected to get, but the one I got stunned me.

She paused for a second and then told me that she wanted to be with a man and a woman at the same time. Talk about a shock. I was expecting a moonlight rendezvous with Tom Cruise or something impossible. What she had asked for was something that could happen, and was going to happen, if I had anything to say about it. It would be her turn to be surprised.

Brad was one of my co-workers, and someone who I talked to a lot. We would have lunch together, sometimes play golf, and stop for the occasional drink after work. One day, he confided in me that he and his wife Carol had gotten into the swinging scene. I told him that I thought it was good that they were so open in their relationship, but I didn't think that I could go there. He urged me to bring Mandy, my girlfriend, over one night, and we would find out just where our relationship really was. I really had my doubts, but to be polite, I assured Brad what we would get together someday. Yeah. Right.

Well you can bet that the next day at work, I made a beeline to Brad's cubical to tell him the news. He really took things matter of factly and said that he and Carol were going to be home Friday, and to come out. I didn't know how he could be so calm, when my heart was ready to burst out of my chest. 

I went home that night and told Mandy that we were invited to dinner at Brads on Friday. 

I think that was the longest week I have ever lived through. When Friday evening finally rolled around, I nearly set a land speed record getting home to pick up Mandy. 

We arrived at 6:00 for dinner. Mandy had worn her denim skirt, and a loose white sweater. I loved the way that the sweater caressed her curves, and the skirt really left nothing to the imagination. Try as hard as you could, you could not see any panty lines. I asked her about this and she just smiled. She told me that if I was a good boy, I might get to find out on the way home if she was wearing panties or not. I smiled back at her knowing that if things went as planned, I would not have to wait until we went home to find out her little secret.

Brad answered the door when we rang the bell. He was wearing blue jeans and a button down oxford shirt. He kissed Mandy on the cheek and winked at me. I had told him that she did not know what I had in mind. I don't know if the wink was to set my heart at ease or not, but I had butterflies the size of seagulls after he did that.

I don't remember much of dinner. We sat down at the table almost right away and Carol came out of the kitchen with a pan of lasagna. I almost choked on my wine when she walked out because she was wearing something that was dangerously close to a French maids outfit.

Mandy jokingly said, "Are you looking to get laid tonight?" 

"You don't know the half of it," Carol replied. 

I noticed that Carol was sitting kind of close to Mandy at dinner, and somehow Mandy's wine glass never seemed to be empty. Dinner seemed to last forever. The talk was nothing in depth, just casual banter between two couples. I could not help noticing however, that Carol kept giving Mandy appraising looks. She was constantly running her fingers across the rim of her wine glass and looking at me too. I was literally sitting on the edge of my seat.

After dinner, Mandy stood up to go to the restroom and caught herself on the edge of the table; she was a bit tipsy. Carol stood up to go with her.

"I will show you where it is," she said.

As they walked down the hall, Carol slipped her arm around Mandy's waist to "help her keep her balance". As they walked, she leaned over and whispered something. Both girls burst out laughing as they walked around the corner.

Brad and I stood up and went to the living room. They had a big screen TV and a large couch facing it. I brought the wine bottle and the glasses, and filled them up as we sat down to watch a movie.

I suggested "when Harry met Sally" because that was Mandy's favorite. The girls came back from the bathroom giggling the whole way. They sat down on the couch with us. I was on the far right, with Mandy next to me, Carol set next to Mandy, and Brad sat on the far left. 

We started the movie, and Mandy snuggled into my arms like she does when we watch a movie together. She started to pull her feet up under her, but Carol told her to stretch out, so she put her legs across Carol's lap.

"Would you like me to rub your feet?" asked Carol.

"Sure as long as you don't tickle," said Mandy. 

Carol started stroking Mandy's feet, and then rubbing them with strong sure hands.

"Mmmmm," was all Mandy could say.

After a short time Mandy had turned herself so she was lying in my arms. Brad had gotten up and turned the lights down. As she lay there, I leaned over and kissed her, and then as subtly as possible started stroking her breast with the hand that was under my arms. She smiled and snuggled into me and closed her eyes.

"What more could a girl want than strong arms to lay in and a foot massage," she said.

I kissed her again, and gave her breast a squeeze.

The movie rolled on, until the famous scene came where Sally faked the orgasm in the diner. At that point Carol gave a throaty laugh.

"What are you laughing like that for?" demanded Mandy.

"Doesn't Rob make you scream like that?" Carol asked.

Mandy just chuckled.

"I see," said Carol. "Well I will have to teach him how," she said.

"Yeah, right," said Mandy. 

I kissed her again, and started caressing both breasts at that point. Carol paused the foot massage, and leaned over and gave Brad a long passionate kiss.

"Why don't we switch movies?" she asked.

"Whatever you want," said Mandy, "just don't stop what you are doing."

"Oh, honey," she said, "I wouldn't dream of it," replied Carol.

Brad put something in, I have no idea what, but it was definitely much hotter than "when Harry met Sally". No more than two minutes into the movie, a couple was in bed, and having loud wet sex. At that point, Mandy opened her eyes, and started watching the movie. Carol was rubbing Mandy's calves now. Brad had leaned over and was nuzzling Carol's neck. Brad started to unbutton Carols top as the couple in the movie lay panting in each other's arms. I slid my hand under Mandy's sweater and cupped her generous breasts. She could feel the hardness rising in my pants. She tore her eyes away from the movie and started to tell me that I was going to far. But then she looked up at Brad and Carol. Carol's shirt was totally open, and Brad's hands were all over her breasts as they kissed. Carol, however, had kept to her promise, and was still rubbing Mandy's legs, but somehow she had reached her thighs. I started flicking my thumbs across Mandy's nipples. She looked up at me questioningly.

"This is all for you baby," is all I said. I squeezed her breasts and kissed her deeply. 

Carol took her cue from this and leaned down and kissed the inside of Mandy's thigh. Mandy gave a little sigh, but did not resist. Brad stood up and removed his shirt. Carol slid over to where he had been sitting. Carol began kissing Mandy's thighs enthusiastically then. I reached down and pulled the sweater over Mandy's head, and Brad knelt on the opposite side of her. He winked at me reassuringly and started to nuzzle Mandy's breasts. 

Brad began licking Mandy's nipples as Carol started working her way towards Mandy's pussy. I took my free hand and started caressing Mandy's cheek. Brad reached down and placed his hand on Carol's head, pushing her the rest of the way to Mandy's pussy. As Carols tongue started exploring Mandy's pussy, Brad began sucking her nipples hard. Mandy immediately arched her back to give Carol better access. Carol took advantage of this and wet her finger and started tracing circles around Mandy's ass.

"OMIGOD OMIGOD OMIGOD, I am gonna cum," panted Mandy.

Carol's head started bobbing up and down frantically and Brad sucked each tit, for a second and then moved to the other. Finally Mandy gave a huge heave with her hips and let out a loud scream as the orgasm hit her.

"Yes Yes Yes," she screamed. Brad laid his head on Mandy's chest and Carol hugged her legs as the after shocks hit her. We dozed for a while then until the movie ran out and the test pattern woke us up for another round.

I woke up some time later. I don't know how long I slept. The room was dim and the sound was turned down on the television. As I grew more aware of my surroundings, the first thing that I noticed was that Mandy was not in my arms. How she got up without waking me, I will never know, I must have had more wine than I thought. I started to sit up, and a hand caught my shoulder. Carol squatted down in front of me and placed her fingers on her lips to shush me as I started to speak.

She leaned over and said "quiet baby, if you make a sound, you will ruin it."

I sat up slowly and saw what Carol was talking about.

Brad was sitting on the floor, his legs stretched out in front of him. He was stark naked. I shook my head to make sure that I was awake, but there was Mandy, my lover, wearing a blindfold, just as naked, squatting over him. Brad was fully erect, and I could see the precum glisten on the head of his large cock. Mandy was trying to take his cock in her ass. I was dumfounded. I don't know what happened while I was asleep, but she had never even been willing to discuss anal sex with me. I started to protest but Carol clamped her hand down over my mouth before I could say anything. She bent over to whisper in my ear, her large breasts brushing my chest. 

"We had to work really hard for this Rob. Be a good boy and don't fuck it up now. It will be worth it, trust me," she said. 

I could only nod. Carol sat next to me while I watched. She held me and stroked my hair and nibble on my ear as I sat there incredulous. 

At first, his cock would just not go. Mandy wriggled and twisted but she could not make any progress. Finally, she rose up and muttered something to Brad. He reached over and grabbed a bottle of baby oil, pouring it liberally onto his throbbing cock. 

Carol whispered in my ear, "Be right back," and slid off the couch and onto the floor next to Mandy. 

Brad lay flat on his back then, and Carol put her hands on Mandy's ass to guide her. She held her close and murmured in her ear. Suddenly Mandy's breath caught as her ass finally parted and let the head of Brads cock in. Slowly she eased down onto him, taking his length and girth smoothly inside her. 

As she finally settled all the way down, she said "Wait for a minute." 

Carol just held her, and kept stroking her hair and murmuring to her. Finally Mandy began to rise up tentatively. Only a little at first, but then as it began feeling more comfortable and she gained confidence, the strokes became longer and faster. She began to moan and she leaned forward, her hair falling in front of her face. My eyes were glued to her. Her lovely breasts were bouncing with each thrust, and I thought I could cum just watching her. Carol finally let her go, watching this woman fuck her husband, and stroking her own pussy. She turned to me and smiled. 

She mouthed the words "worth it?" 

I could only nod. 

Carol was watching Mandy intently as she rocked and thrust on Brad's hard cock. 

Mandy's breath started coming in gasps as she murmured "I am gonna cum." 

"Not yet sweet heart," said Carol. 

She crawled back over to Mandy and stopped her from thrusting. 

"Lean back hon, there is something I need to do." Mandy pouted, but obediently lay back on Brad's chest, breathing hard. 

Quickly Carol stood, and opened a drawer under the entertainment center. She pulled out a harness with a large, long, black dildo on it. I was speechless. She had it on and was straddling Mandy's legs in and instant. Brad was laying very still, his hard cock still in Mandy's ass. Carol reached down, and took some of the wetness from Mandy's pussy to wet the dildo. Without saying a word, she placed the head at the opening of Mandy's soaking pussy, and eased it in. 

"Oh FUCK," Mandy screamed. 

Carol paid no attention, and began a steady thrusting, pushing the big cock all the way in and then drawing it almost all the way out. Brad waited until Carol found her rhythm, and then started thrusting his cock in Mandy's ass once again. Mandy could only grunt with each simultaneous thrust into her writhing body. I knew that she was going to cum and soon. She grabbed Carol's shoulders, and dug her nails in. This was going to be a big one. Neither Carol nor Brad had the slightest mercy on Mandy. She screamed and thrashed as she came the first time. The thrusting went on. 

"Omigod," she screamed as the next one hit her almost immediately. 

Still her two lovers would not relent. For a while the only noise in the room was their labored breathing and the sound of cock and dildo slapping Mandy's skin. Finally, she made a sound that I had never heard before, maybe a cross between a growl and a sob. 

"OOHHHHHH GODDDDDD" she howled. Her back arched and I could see the claw marks in Carols back. Finally, she slumped back and lay still. 

"I think she passed out," said Carol.

I sat there in stunned silence. I could not believe what I had just seen. Mandy, the love of my life, had just had anal with another man. This was the woman who would not even talk about it with me. So many different emotions were washing over me, almost too fast for me to react to them. I was telling myself that I had asked for this. I had arranged it, so what was I doing having second thoughts now. On the other hand, arranging this was one thing, but sitting on the sidelines was quite another. I mean, what the fuck, what about me? I looked down, and Mandy had snuggled into Brad's arms, and had a contented little smile on her face.

OK, this was starting to piss me off. 

About that time, Carol looked up at me, and searched my face with her eyes. She gave a little nod to herself and crawled over to my chair. 

"Not feeling too good?" she asked. 

I looked away from her. I was so screwed up emotionally at that moment that I was afraid I was going to get teary eyed. That definitely was NOT going to happen. Carol reached around and started to pull my face back towards her, to force me to look at her. I swatted her hand away. 

"Fuck off," I snarled.

Instantly she took a handful of my hair and spun my head around and kissed me hard on the mouth. I was stunned for a moment, but then pushed her off, so that I could stand up. As soon as I stood, she jumped on me, wrapping her arms and legs around me and kissed me again. I turned her around and dropped us both into the chair. She put her lips next to my ear and said, 

"C'mon Big Boy, fuck me. I know you want do." 

Then she bit my ear. Hard. A switch went off in my head when she did that. All of the sudden, time seemed to slow down. My cock, that had been half limp, sprung to full alert. Carol had pulled her face back from mine, and was staring into my eyes. 

"Give it to me, Rob. Take it out on me. Or are you afraid." 

From somewhere inside of me, came a growl. Her words were literally ringing in my ears. I lined my cock up with her pussy and shoved it in deep. She gave a groan of pleasure, and dug her fingernails into my back. 

"That's it baby, take me hard." 

I needed no more urging. My cock pounded in and out of her. She hissed words of encouragement in my ears. 

"Yesssssss....harder....deeper....." 

I rode her. I twisted her nipples in my fingers, I bit her shoulders, I buried my face in her hair and growled.... I started to feel my groin tightening, and knew that I was going to cum soon. My strokes went from brutal to frantic. The cheeks of my ass tightened and then my balls, and I erupted inside of her. She could feel the jerkiness of my thrusts and the new slickness, and she clamped her legs around me and held on, holding me deep inside. I lay my head on the chair next to her, resting, and panting. She began running her fingernails up and down my back. Surprisingly, my cock was staying hard inside of her. Suddenly, I felt a hand in between my shoulder blades. Brad had gotten up during my time with Carol. 

He leaned down, and said into my ear, "I am going to do something for you that will even the score, buddy. Now just stay still, and go with this, OK?" 

"OK".

Carol was holding me very tightly by then. 

"Just relax," she said. 

Brad knelt down behind me, and I felt his hands on my ass. 

"Hey, whoa, wait a minute", I said. 

Then Mandy spoke up. "Go with this baby, I want you to." 

"Whatever, just get it over with." I said. 

Brad spread the cheeks of my ass, and something warm and very slippery was eased in. 

"How ya doin Buddy?" asked Brad. 

"I thought you were bigger," I muttered. 

"Oh no," he said, "not tonight. Get a load of this." 

Suddenly, whatever was in my ass started to vibrate and pulse. I let out a yell, and Carol chuckled. 

"Back up baby," she said. 

I leaned back, and she slid off the chair. Mandy took her place. 

"C'mon baby, make me holler." 

I needed no urging. I leaned over and began flicking her nipples with my tongue, sucking hard on them, and then biting gently. My cock was already throbbing painfully. 

"I want you inside of me. Fuck me like you did Carol." 

I could not pass up the invitation. The buzz in my ass was driving me insane with desire. I pressed my cock into Mandy, and began stroking her with long even strokes. Whoever was holding the controls to the vibe was getting impatient, because they turned it up faster. My hips became a blur. 

"ooooo,,yeeesssss," she cried. "Hard, I want it hard." 

I gave her all I had. The chair was rocking back with each thrust. Finally I felt myself gathering for another orgasm. The vibe got turned up to full, and suddenly Brad and Carol were on either side of me sucking and flicking my nipples. I felt the orgasm come. I heard my cries echo around the room. I looked at Mandy, and she was in slow motion. Her tits bouncing up and down as I filled her with my cum. I finally collapsed in a heap in Brad and Carol's arms, totally spent. 

"I told you it would be worth it," said Carol.