 Gary's fantasy:

Well Gary, we made your wish came true. Our weekend with your wife Denise turned out much better than we expected, and she turned out to be a very different person than you described.

I am going to save space by telling you only the details that I think you would want to know about.

We picked her up as planned. She met with us as you asked her to, and she believed that we were friends of yours from when we were in college. To reinforce that idea, we told her some stories that we made up about you. We did some on the fly embellishing of the tales that we told her, and I should tell you now, that a couple of the stories got a little wild. If she asks you about any of them, tell her that you don't remember because you were too drunk. (We left you that out). I don't however think she will pry too much into your past; she’s going be more concerned with trying to hide from you what she did with us.

While we were out for drinks we kept her interest up by telling the stories about you. She was very interested in the things that she did not know about your past. This was a good way to keep the drinks pouring into her. When the time was right we told her that we were going to a party that was being hosted by another class mate at a local hotel suite. 

We told her that this friend had started his own company out of college and had just sold it for 34 million dollars and he wanted us to come over and celebrate. We arraigned for a limo to pick us up, but we told her that our friend had sent it to pick us up. 

When we climbed in to the limo, there was not enough seating for all of us. Denise had to sit on someone's lap. That honor fell to Alex. I intended for this to happen and I arraigned for Alex to be the one because he has the largest cock of our group. (11" but more on that later) 

I quietly instructed the driver to take the long way to the hotel. As the ride progressed, Alex started to develop a hard on. It took Denise awhile to realize just what she was sitting on. When she did however, she sat very still and tried not to look conspicuous. We had another drink in the limo and arrived at the hotel suite. I am not going to tell you which hotel it was, I want you to look at each of the hotels in this city and wonder which one we fucked your wife in. When we arrived at the hotel suite, we joined five other men that I had waiting there.

Will was to play the part of the man who just sold his company for 34 million. We introduced your wife to him and she flocked to him in an instant. Will told her that he was celebrating and he did not know when he would stop. He kissed Denise and thanked her for coming. Denise was just a little bit flustered, but maintained her composure. I told her that Will was ecstatic over becoming rich so young in life.

Will asked Denise to dance. She danced a slow dance with Will and then Alex cut in. When Alex's dick started to grow you could see it in her face. Alex held her tight and they danced and pressed together. Denise was starting to get into the swing of things. We all watched as their crotches pressed together. Boners started rising all over the room. 

There were nine hard cocks in that room. Will challenged Denise to a shot of Tequila. Soon all of the guys were dancing with her and pressing their cocks against her. You could tell that she was quickly getting turned on by all of this attention.

Denise seemed to like dancing with will most. She would talk to him about the things that he would buy with the money. He told her that he would retire and have fun for the rest of his life. Denise didn't hide her rubbing of her pussy against him. She clearly liked Will. Will took her out to the balcony to see the city lights. We stayed behind but were able to peek at the goings on out there.

Will tried to kiss her but she pushed him away. Denise looked around to see if anyone could see her, then she kissed him. 

Will took full advantage of the situation and started to feel her firm breasts. Denise didn't even try to stop him. Before long he had her skirt up around her waist and was sliding his finger up her pussy. 

Now at this point I swear to you that I was only fifteen feet away and I could hear her juices when Will slid his finger in and out of her. She was starting to get hot. We were ready for phase two. Will took her to a bedroom that we had especially prepared for this night. A video camera was hidden in the room with a perfect view of the bed. We wired the TV so that we could watch the action from the other room. Now we could see and hear everything. They put on quite a show for us all. He told Denise that he was going to name his first yacht after her, and the idea of her name on a yacht made her very hot. Will lifted her skirt up and slid his cock up into her. That sweet loving wife of yours just lay back on the bed and said:

"Yes, fuck me...... yes, keep doing that! Don’t stop!!" Will continued pumping his cock into her harder. 

"Do you like my cock?" Will asked her.

"Oh yes, definitely!!” Denise said between his thrusts.

"You are nice and tight" 

"I'm not used to such a large cock"

"Large? I am only seven inches. That’s just average size”.

"My husband is a lot smaller than you. I haven't had a bigger cock in a long time"

Will shot his hot load into Denise’s pussy, when he started to pull it out of her, she said: 

"No please, just leave it in for a little bit".

"Your husband doesn't satisfy you, does he?"

"No" she said quietly.

"Do you ever fuck other guys to make up for that?"

"I used to, but I haven't in a long time".

"How big is your husband's cock?"

"Not nearly big enough, I can't cum with him".

"That's a shame, a cute little thing like you. If I were married to someone like you I would do whatever it took to make you happy. It is a shame that I didn't meet you before you got hitched to Gary".

"Do you really mean that? I mean Gary and I haven't been doing well for a long time now and...."

Will stopped her before she could finish.

"We can talk about that later, let's go back and join the others so we don't look too suspicious ".

If you want my opinion, I think that Denise thought she had her hooks into a man with 34 million dollars. Will was playing Denise like a violin, and she was going for it hook, line, and sinker. I think that she would have left you that night for him if he asked her to.

We all enjoyed the show from the other room. We also made a recording of the action. When Will and Denise were through, he brought her back to the room where we were waiting. I remember watching on the monitor while she made a big deal of fixing her clothes so that nobody would suspect what she did. When she got back to us, we gave her another drink because she looked like she was starting to sober up. 

“Did you enjoy the view?” I asked her.

Denise glanced at Will when she spoke.

“It was wonderful” she answered.

“Yeah, we enjoyed the view too”.

Your wife looked a little confused, and didn‘t catch the meaning. No offense, but I don’t think she is all that bright.

Bob stood up and put his arm around her.

“OK, it looks like it’s my turn to show her the sights”.

Denise didn't do anything to stop him until he started squeeze one of her breasts. Denise pulled away from him, so I told Bob to turn on the movie that we just made. As soon as she saw what was on the tape, she lost all color in her face. 

“Give me that tape!” Denise screeched.

Her lady like demeanor vanished in an instant. She reached for the tape but I grabbed her.

“Denise” I said, “It wouldn’t be fair to only fuck Will. We all want our turn“. 

Denise's eyes opened wide. 

“If you want us to give you the tape, you have to fuck us all. If not, we will make copies of it and we will give it to a whole bunch of people, including your unsuspecting husband”.

She was trapped and she knew it. Bob started to feel her tits again. This time there was no resistance from her.....

Denise didn't drink anymore, and she sobered up quickly. Bob sat on the couch and told her to kneel down in front of him. I told Bob that she needed to get those clothes off of her. The other guys agreed. Bob said not yet, and he pulled out his cock and instructed your sweet little wife to suck it. I noticed that Denise looked at his cock for a moment and I knew that she was looking at how big it was. Bob is not huge, he is about 7" same as me. She acted like it was bigger than she was accustomed to.

She took his cock in her hand and with some encouragement from us all, started stroking it. She looked so good in that conservative blouse and cute little skirt. She put it in her mouth and held it for a moment. Bob pushed her head down on it further and she began to slide it in and out of her mouth. At that point Denise started sobbing. I could see tears running down her cheeks. My cock was starting to get hard so I pulled it out and told the others to do the same. 

"Let us show Denise what she has won gentlemen. Denise, you have won A cum filled evening with all of these wonderful hard cocks!” The guys whipped them out and began to stroke them. 

We got into a circle surrounding her. Alex got the idea of having her rotate sucking us all in a circle. We stood around her and she started sucking cocks in clockwise rotation. (Or was that cock-wise?)

She sucked each one of us until she was told to move on to the next cock.

When she got to Alex, she stopped. Alex was hard and ready for her. Denise was not ready for the sight of his eleven inch cock. I decided to take Denise to the next level.

“Alex, I think that it is time to break the girl in right, don't you think?”

“I agree” Alex looked at your wife and asked, “Are you ready for this?”

“I….I don’t think I can do that. I don’t think I can get it into my mouth” she answered.

Alex took her trembling hand and placed it on his dick. She squeezed it, and began to stroke it up and down its length. Alex sat down on the couch and told her to start by kissing him while she stroked his rod. It was obvious to all of us that Denise was very turned on by Alex's cock, but at the same time afraid of it. She kissed him for a moment and then withdrew. 

"Do you like it? He asked.

She nodded her head yes. Alex brushed away her tears and kissed her sweetly.

"I know that this is all a little frightening, but trust me you will end up enjoying yourself. Now suck on my cock a little bit, OK sweetheart?"

She slid her mouth over the head of it and started sucking. Alex lay back on the couch to enjoy the feeling. 

“Go deeper” he told her. 

She started taking more into her mouth, stroking the rest of it with both hands. 

“Have you ever had a man this big, he asked” She shook her head no. 

“Come here” Alex instructed. 

She pulled his cock out of her mouth and climbed onto the couch beside him. 

“Kiss me“, he instructed.

She kissed him lightly at first, but then it graduated into her body sliding on top of Alex and kissing him hard. She still had his cock in her hand and was jerking him at the same time. 

This was getting good. It was time for your wife to get rid of her clothes. We told her to take them off. As she stood there taking her clothes off, we all began to remove ours.

I have to tell you Gary, you have a very hot little wife. Her body is something else

Alex had her kneel down in front of where he sat on the couch.

"OK now suck me some more".

I am telling you Gary, it was a great sight to see. Denise was on her knees bending over Alex's cock sucking as best as she could. She is pretty good at giving head once she gets going. While she was sucking Alex, I kneeled behind her and looked at her pussy. It was still wet from when Will fucked her. I decided it was time for me to take the plunge. I kneeled behind her and slid my cock into her pussy. Right away she started to move her ass like a woman who was enjoying herself very much. Her pussy felt great Gary. She was so damned wet when I fucked her. Does she get that wet for you?

When my cock slid into her, she turned her head to see who was fucking her. Alex pushed her head back down on his cock.

“Don’t mind him, just keep sucking”.

Her pussy was extremely wet at this point. You could hear her juices make a squishing sound as my cock slid in and out of her. I loved the feeling of pounding my cock into your wife’s pussy. After I shot my load into her, we started a little game. 

Denise was the servant girl and she had to deliver drinks to each of us and then while we drank, she had to suck the cock of the one she was serving. 

Denise didn't like the idea but I reminded her of the video that we made of her, and she reluctantly obeyed. At this point someone noticed that cum was dripping out of her pussy, so we decided it was time to put some more back in. I instructed her to stand in front of a table and bend over until she rested her upper body on the table.

“OK Denise open wide and say Ah”. 

The whole room laughed. Denise didn’t move as the first guy stepped up behind her, slid his cock into her wet hole, and started pumping her hard.

After he was finished, another guy took his place and started fucking her.

It was obvious to me that she was enjoying the fucking she was getting. I watched her for awhile and counted seven orgasms with the first three guys, after that I stopped counting.

One by one the guys took turns fucking her doggy style and while they were fucking her, I had her suck my dick for awhile. This gave everyone else the idea to have her suck them, so now there was a line of guys at both ends of her, waiting their turn. After the rest of the guys had taken their turn with her, it was Alex's turn.

Alex was ready for more fun with your sweet little wife. He laid her back and began to rub his cock against her wet pussy.

“We saved the best for last” I told her.

“I can’t” she said. “My husband will find out.”

“How will he find out?” Alex asked her.

“That thing will stretch me out, and my husband will know” she said pointing to Alex’s cock.

Alex looked at her suspiciously:

“And what makes you think that?” Alex asked.

She didn’t answer him so I spoke up.

“Answer him!” I said to her.

She seemed a little flustered, but she started to speak.

“There was this guy.”

“What guy?” I asked.

“It was a couple of years ago. I met him at my health club.”

All eyes were on your wife and she seemed to be very aware of it for the first time.

“We had sex a few times and he was a lot bigger than my husband. It stretched me out a little and Gary noticed.”

“What did you tell him when he asked?” I interrogated her further.

“I can’t remember what I told him, I just made something up. After a few days things were back to normal, so the subject never came up again”.

She paused for a moment.

“I stopped seeing the other guy because I didn’t want to get caught”.

“You never went back to the other guy after that….Never?” I asked suspiciously.

She looked away and would not raise her eyes to meet mine.

“Don’t hold back on me, or so help me I will deliver that tape to your husband personally!” I yelled at her.

“I did meet him a few more times, but I only gave him head. I wouldn’t let him fuck me. I didn’t want my husband to know.”

OK Gary, I want you to picture this scene in your mind to get the full effect of the situation. There your wife was, lying on the table in front of Alex. She was totally naked, and her pussy was full of cum from eight of us, (except Alex’s), and it was slowly dripping out of her pussy. OK, you have that pictured in your head? 

Now with all of that pictured in your mind, there she is confessing to us about an affair that she had with some other guy she met at a health club.

OK, maybe you had to be there, but I thought it was pretty amusing.

Alex was getting impatient and grabbed Denise to position himself at the opening of her well used pussy. Alex pressed his cock against her opening.

“Don't worry little darling, it will be back to normal in a couple of days.” 

At this his head pressed into her sopping wet hole.

She yelped, “OH shit!!”

He started to press deeper into her. Denise froze. Her body was rigid and began trembling. You could see it coming. She was about to have a huge climax. Alex started to slide it in and out of her faster. At this point we all watched in amazement. Denise got closer to climax, then she started to cry out,

"Oh God, I'm cumming! … Oh God it feels good!"

Alex continued to pump every inch of his meat in and out of her. Denise's orgasms came more often and she was getting louder. Her hips were starting to buck in time with Alex's strokes. 

Alex was having the time of his life. When he finally blew his load into her, Denise let out a loud scream. 

“OH yes! God yes! Give it to me. Give it all to me please!”

Alex started to pull it out of her and she quickly grabbed him and kept him inside of her. After a minute she caught her breath and told him:

"Leave it in for just a little longer".

She was breathing hard and her face was red as a beet. I remembered that she had also asked Will to leave it in her when he fucked her the first time.

"How do you feel" Alex asked.

"I have never cum like that in my entire life".

At this point I jumped in and said, "It pays to have the right tools, doesn't it Denise".

"It definitely makes a difference" Denise said breathlessly.

"I have never been fucked like that before. At first I was mad at you guys for getting me into this, but now... I can't fucking believe how hard I just cum“.

"So you’re not mad at us any more?” Alex asked.

"No she laughed, but just don't ever do it again".

Alex looked at me and I looked at Denise, 

"Denise you have more than lived up to the bargain. If you want I will give you the tape and take you home. Or, if you like, you can stay here and have fun with us for the rest of the weekend. Its 3:00 am and you can stay here and we all could go out tonight and go to a nice dinner, do a little dancing and have some more fun. Everything will be on us and the whole evening will be first class all the way, what do you think?"

Denise looked at me for a moment and smiled. 

"I can't go out with you guys in this town, someone might see me".

"We can dine and dance here in the hotel restaurant and night club. If anyone recognizes you, we can give you the perfect alibi. We are friends of your husband, and you were supposed to meet with us. Gary asked you to meet with us didn't he?"

"I will think about it, but for now I would really like to go home and get some rest".

"OK I will take you home, and I’ll call you later this afternoon to see if you want to come out".

I gave her the tape, but I didn’t tell her that it was only a copy. I kept the master tape just in case. I will make you a copy of the tape that I made with her and Will, and I will also give you a copy of the tapes from the other two hidden cameras that she never knew about. I am sure you will enjoy watching them.

So Gary let me ask you this, do you think she went out with us the next night? Watch the tapes and find out.

The End