 The lithe rogue slipped unseen through the shadows of the castle walls.

"That secret entrance has to be here somewhere," Ellie muttered.

"Well?" Dennis said with a searching look.

"Hah, natural 20!" Ellie cheered as the gemlike plastic polyhedron rolled to a stop. "If there is a secret door there, Liana found it." 

"Yes, she did," Nick grinned as he checked his stack of notes. "You guys have found the secret entrance to the Dark Lord's fortress." 

"I knew the information we got from Thieves' Guild would get us in," Charlie chuckled.

"Really?" said Ellie, "'cause I remember someone telling me it was a waste of time."

"Hey, we're in, right?" Ed fired back. 

"Yes, you are," Nick agreed. "So this seems like a good place to take a break. What do you say, guys?"

Sitting around the table in Nick's attic room, the group nodded and muttered in agreement. The table was cluttered with the books, papers, pencils and brightly colored, many-sided dice that made up the world of tabletop role playing. The room around was also cluttered with Nick's various odds and ends, as well as the backpacks, sleeping bags and pillows of his friends. 

Outside, summer was drawing to a close, and with fall would come college and a parting of ways. The group had gathered on a long weekend of all night gaming in an effort to finish up the long-running story they'd been playing together. It was, as Nick had said, a last chance for the heroes to defeat the Dark Lord and win the day. Still, they'd been at it for hours already, and a break was sorely needed.

Stretching, Ellie reached across the table to collect her favored dice. As she snatched up the errant polyhedron, her eyes flicked up to see Dennis staring intently. He quickly looked away, pretending to be focused on gathering up his own stuff. Ellie smiled, knowing perfectly well that Dennis had been looking down her blouse. 

When she'd first joined the gaming group, Ellie hadn't really been aware of how her habit of bending over the table, combined with her habit of wearing loose blouses, had afforded the guys sitting across from her a good view of her cleavage. She'd been embarrassed at first when Ed had pointed it out to her, but it had quickly turned into a little thrill. 

Today, in honor of their last session, she'd decided to step the thrill up a little. She wondered if Dennis had noticed that her breasts were unencumbered under her loose top. Had he seen how they moved differently? Had he gotten a peek at a bare nipple? It was too bad Charlie had decided to sit next to her. She had hoped to give him a peek too, but instead Ed had taken the other side across the table. Which, of course, meant he was getting a peek, but since they'd been dating for months Ed had already gotten much more than a peek. He just got a kick out of watching Ellie tease his buddies. 

"Who's up for a snack run?" Charlie asked as he stood, the big guy looming over the table. 

"Yeah, sounds good," Nick agreed.

"I'm in," Dennis nodded.

"Ed? Ellie?" Nick asked, looking at them.

Ed, who had opened up one of his new gaming books, waved distractedly, "Nah, I'm good."

"Ellie?" Dennis asked. 

"I'll stay too if you don't mind, guys," Ellie replied.

"I'm trusting you guys not to peek at my notes," Nick challenged as the three guys headed out the attic door.

"I don't think that's what Ed'll be peeking at," Dennis muttered, quietly enough that Ellie barely heard him. She smirked.

"So," Ellie said after the other guys had disappeared, "we're finally into the Dark Lord's castle."

"Yup," Ed replied distractedly, eyes fixed on his new book.

"We're finally going to finish the campaign," she added, looking down at her boyfriend.

"Yup," he answered, "but we're still probably going to take all night."

"I guess so," Ellie said. "Too bad really."

"Nah, it'll be fun."

"Yeah, but after two hours of you and Dennis staring at my tits, I was hoping you and I could have another kind of fun," Ellie smirked. "But if you're too busy with that book..."

Ed put the gaming book down, very slowly. "You like flashing your tits at Dennis, don't you?"

"Maybe," Ellie said playfully. Very deliberately, she slid her hands down her chest, her fingers pulling her blouse open, as she slowly leaned down. "Do you like it when I flash them at you?" 

"Come 'ere," Ed growled, suddenly lunging at Ellie. 

She squealed as Ed grabbed her around the waist and pulled her down into his lap. Laughing, the two of them collapsed onto the floor. Ed kissed Ellie hard, while his hands groped wildly over his girlfriend's body. Her laughter turned to moans as he squeezed her firm tits. She arched her back, pressing herself against him. His hands slipped lower, suddenly tugging on her jeans.

"Whoa, hang on," Ellie panted against Ed's mouth, "do we really have time for that?"

"Sure," Ed gasped, his fingers still frantically working to open Ellie's pants, "the guys will be a while getting snacks and such. We have time for a quickie." 

"I don't kn... ooooh," Ellie moaned as Ed's hand slipped inside her jeans and along her wet folds. "Fuck it."

"Fuck what?" Ed teased, his fingers pushing inside her. "Fuck this?" 

"Shut up and help me get these jeans off, or you won't be fucking anything," Ellie snapped. 

With a laugh, Ed seized the waistband of Ellie's pants and pulled. With some hasty struggling and wriggling, the tight jeans were ripped from Ellie's legs and tossed aside. Ed quickly opened his pants, tugging them down to reveal his already hard cock. Impatient, Ellie grabbed her boyfriend and pulled him to her. They moaned together as Ed's hard shaft sank easily into her wet pussy.

"Shit, you are horny, aren't you?" Ed moaned, thrusting into Ellie's body. 

"Yes," Ellie groaned. 

"Turns you on," Ed grunted, "doesn't it."

"I like... fucking... you..." Ellie panted.

"Yeah," Ed thrust faster, "you love to fuck."

"Yes," Ellie moaned.

"Not... what... I meant... though..." Ed said, thrusting into her. 

"You talk too much," Ellie moaned, kissing Ed hard as she moved under him.

They moved together, panting and moaning, before Ed broke the kiss.

"You... like... flashing... your tits," Ed grunted.

"Fuck!" Ellie gasped. "Yes! I love flashing my tits. I love it when the guys sneak peeks at me. It makes me so horny."

"What would you do if they got back, right now?" Ed groaned, pounding into his girlfriend. "What would you do if they saw you really naked, if they saw you fucking?"

"Oh, god!" Ellie's body arched, her hips rising to meet Ed's thrusts, "I don't know."

"Would you fuck them?" Ed's thrusts paused as he looked down at Ellie's flushed face.

"Do you want me to?" Ellie moaned, rolling her hips against him. "Would that turn you on? The guys looking at me. The guys fucking me."

"That would be so hot," Ed panted, driving deep into Ellie's wet pussy.

"Fuck, yes," Ellie's body tensed, burying her face in Ed's shoulder, "I would. I would fuck them. I would fuck... Oh god! I'm cumming! I'm cumming so hard! Fuck me!"

"Oh yeah," Ed panted, driving into her hard and fast, "You... are... a... horny... little... oh fuuuckkk!" 

With one final, deep thrust, Ed's body tensed and quivered. Shuddering with her own climax, Ellie felt the warm rush of him unloading inside her. Slowly, Ed pulled his wet shaft out of her, provoking a displeased moan from Ellie. 

"That was intense," Ellie panted.

"Yeah," Ed grinned, buttoning up his jeans.

"I'm a horny little what?" Ellie asked, smiling. 

"You," Ed laughed, leaning down to kiss her, "are a horny little..."

"Hey guys, we've got snacks!" Nick's voice bellowed up the stairs. 

"Shit!" Ed jumped, checking the buttons on his jeans.

"Fuck!" Ellie, shrieked, reaching for her jeans and suddenly discovering she couldn't find them. "Where are my pants?"

"What?" Ed looked are her, confused.

"Where the fuck are my fucking pants, Ed?!?" Ellie demanded. She could hear the guys' shoes thumping up the stairs. 

"You guys decent?" Dennis quipped from stairs. 

Ellie groaned. She was completely naked from the waist down, her freshly fucked pussy swollen, her thighs shiny with her own wetness and Ed's cum. Her jeans were nowhere in sight. Desperate, she grabbed for the first thing she could find, an old blanket lying in a tangle heap on the attic floor. In panicked haste, she wrapped it around herself and dropped into her chair.

A second later, the guys trooped back into the attic, carrying bags of chips, candy and soda from the local store. Settling down in their seats, the guys started to pass around the assorted junk food.

"You ok, Ellie?" Dennis grinned at her. "You look a little flushed."

"I'm fine," Ellie squeaked.

"Damn," Dennis said, "we almost caught you guys making out, didn't we?"

"No," Ed stammered. 

"What's with the blanket?" asked Charlie.

"I'm cold," Ellie snapped. "Are we gonna game or what?"

"So," said Nick, taking charge, "you guys found the secret entrance to the Dark Lord's lair..."

Hours later...

"I move up and swing at the Dark freak's head," Charlie grinned, dice rolling over the table. "Damn it, that's a miss, isn't it?"

"I'm afraid so," Nick nodded. 

"But he's flanked now," Ellie bounced in her seat, "so that means Liana can use her Sneak Attack... and damage..."

Dice rattled on the table. Nick studied the gem-like polyhedrons, glanced at his notes and grinned. 

"The Dark Lord..." he paused for dramatic effect, "...falls." 

"He what?!" Dennis laughed.

"Yes!" Ed pumped his arm in the air. 

"Woo hooo!" Charlie leapt to his feet 

"We did it!" Ellie cheered, leaping up and throwing her arms around Charlie's large frame. Charlie's arms closed around her, returning the hug.

The laughter suddenly quieted and for a moment, everything was still.

"What?" Ellie glanced over at the guys, puzzled. Then she felt her face grow warm.

"The blanket fell off, didn't it?" Ellie whispered into Charlie's shoulder.

"What?" asked Charlie.

"The blanket I was wearing," Ellie whispered again, "it fell off."

Charlie glanced down Ellie's back, his eyes going wide. "Yeah," he said.

"I'm naked from the waist down, aren't I?" Ellie buried her face in his chest.

"Uh, yeah," Charlie said.

"Everyone is staring at my bare ass, aren't they?" Ellie moaned into his chest.

"Yeah," Charlie nodded, his own eyes fixed on the pale curves of bare skin. "Yeah, they are."

Ellie stood silently for a moment.

"Fuck it," Ellie shouted, suddenly jumping up and down in Charlie's arms "We beat the Dark Lord. We beat the Dark Lord!"

Wide-eyed, Charlie just held her, letting her jump. Then, with a laugh, he wrapped his arms around her tightly, lifted Ellie off the ground and spun her around. Ellie laughed with glee. Only as he set her down again did she notice that Charlie's hands were now cupping her bare ass. Grinning up at him, she wiggled her ass a little in his grip.

"Sorry," Charlie blushed, but notably did not move his hands.

"That's ok," Ellie whispered, feeling suddenly very warm. "I don't mind."

She let Charlie squeeze her ass for a moment longer, before gently pushing her way out of his arms. 

Turning, Ellie smiled at the other guys. Her long legs were completely bare. Her loose blouse still covered her top, but did nothing to conceal below her waist, leaving the dark tangle of her pussy clearly visible. Dennis and Nick stared wide-eyed at her nakedness while Ed simply smiled. Ellie grinned, laughed and bounced gleefully around the table. 

Throwing her arms wide, she smiled at Dennis. "We beat the Dark Lord!" she cheered.

"Damn right we did," Dennis replied hastily as he all but leapt from his chair and threw his arms around her. Without pretense, his hands went straight to Ellie's ass, cupping and squeezing her bare skin. Ellie laughed and pushed herself against his groping hands.

"I knew you guys were messing around," Dennis chuckled. 

"We were," Ellie grinned. 

"Damn," Dennis groaned, "I'm feeling your ass."

"Yes," Ellie laughed, "I know. Is that what you've always wanted to do?"

"Well..." Dennis hemmed.

"I think I know what you've really always wanted," Ellie smiled. 

Stepping away from Dennis, Ellie slowly reached up and undid the first button on her blouse, then the second, and the third. Slowly, she let the loose fabric fall open, revealing the bare curves of her full breasts. Finally, with a shrug, she let her top fall away. Ellie's whole body felt warm, flushed with desire, as she stood in all her naked eighteen-year-old glory. Her breath came in deep, passionate gasps, causing her breasts to rise and fall.

"Am I right?" Ellie panted. "Do you like my breasts?"

"Holy shit," Dennis whispered, almost reverently. 

He stepped forward, his hands rising toward her heaving chest, stopping just short. With a short step, Ellie closed the gap, pressing her breasts into his hands. Dennis moaned as he squeezed and caressed her firm mounds. Ellie gasped and shivered as his fingers brushed over her hard nipples. She arched her back, pressing her breasts into Dennis's hands. Quickly, Dennis dipped his head and suddenly took a nipple into his mouth.

"Oh fuck," Ellie groaned, grabbing Dennis's head and holding him against her breasts. His tongue swirled over her sensitive nipple as he sucked on her firm flesh. Ellie quivered as sparks of pleasure warmed her whole body. Dennis's mouth and tongue teased over her firm breast, making her gasp and pant. Finally, Dennis pulled his head away. 

"Yeah, I always wanted to do that," he grinned.

"Good," Ellie panted, unsure herself if she was referring to his desire or his technique.

Her legs wobbled slightly as she pushed passed Dennis and approached Nick. The Game Master still sat in his chair, staring glassy-eyed at Ellie's naked body as she swayed toward him. 

"Nick," Ellie said, as she moved closer, standing in front of his chair. 

"Yeah?" Nick's dazed eyes drifted between Ellie's breasts and pussy.

"I wanted to thank you for the game," Ellie sighed. 

Stepping closer still, Ellie straddled his legs, lowering herself onto Nick's lap. She could feel the hard bulge in his jeans, pressing perfectly against her warm, wet pussy. Her arms slid around his neck. Leaning down, she pressed her breasts into his chest. Her lips met Nick's. Her tongue brushed across his mouth. Her hips rolled, rubbing her wetness against the hot hardness hidden beneath tight denim. Nick groaned against her mouth. His tongue pushed into her mouth. His hips arched under her, causing Ellie to shiver as he pressed against her sensitive folds. 

Panting, Ellie broke the kiss. Her head rolled back and she moaned. Her hips rocked and thrust against Nick's. She could feel her pleasure building. Her breasts heaved with each panting breath. 

"Fuck," Ellie heard Ed sigh. 

With a groan, Ellie rocked against Nick's lap. Her whole body felt hot and tight, on the very edge. Slowly, she turned her head to look at her boyfriend. Ed stared at her with undisguised desire, his mouth quirked in a smile that looked frankly pleased. Ellie smiled back at him. 

"Did you mean it," she breathed huskily to Ed as she slowly moving her hips over his friend's lap.

"Mean what?" Ed panted. 

"The guys are all looking at me," Ellie purred. "Seeing me naked. Touching me. Does it turn you on?"

"Fuck," Ed groaned.

"Yes," Ellie shivered, pressing her wet pussy against Nick. "I said I would. I said I would fuck them. You said it would be hot. So hot. Is it hot, Ed?"

Wide eyed, Ed nodded. 

"It made me cum," Ellie sighed, biting her lower lip. "Thinking about all the guys fucking me... it made me cum... and now I'm going to do it, Ed. I'm going to fuck everyone."

"Yeah," Ed nodded again. "Do it." 

"Holy shit," Dennis's stunned voice cut in, somehow failing to cut through the haze of lust between Ellie and Ed. "Did she just say..."

"Shut up," Nick growled, struggling not to move under Ellie's warm, sexy body. "Don't blow it."

"What am I?" Ellie asked, her eyes still fixed on Ed. "What did you say I am?"

"You," Ed breathed, "are a horny... little... slut."

"Yes," Ellie smiled. "Yes, I am a horny little slut and I am going to fuck everyone." 

Deliberately, Ellie turned her back on her boyfriend, focusing her attention again on the man she was straddling.

"Nick," she panted, reaching down to fumble at the buttons of his jeans. "Do you want to... to fuck me?"

"Oh fuck yes," Nick groaned.

"Good," Ellie sighed, struggling with his jeans. "Now... shit, how the fuck do you get these off?"

Nick hastily reached down, mauling his jeans. He stopped suddenly as his fingers touched the hot wetness of Ellie's pussy, his eyes flying up to meet hers. Smiling, she nodded as she rocked her hips, pressing herself against him again. Frantic, Nick clawed his jeans open and pulled out his achingly hard cock. 

Ellie smiled down at the hard shaft now resting against her. Nick's cock, she thought to herself, touching my pussy. She rolled her hips, sliding her wet folds along the hard length of it, moaning as it pressed against her clit. Nick groaned again, pulling Ellie back down into a desperate kiss. He arched under her, pressing against her wet pussy. Ellie returned his kiss with wild passion, quivering as she felt his naked cock rubbing against her. 

Their positions shifted and suddenly, instead of rubbing against her, the tip of Nick's cock penetrated. Startled, Ellie gasped and sat up, out of their passionate kiss. She shuddered as the very act that pulled her mouth away from his drove his shaft deeply into her wet pussy. 

For a moment the two stared, wide-eyed, at each other. The entire room held its breath. Being naked, teasing and touching was one thing but now, Ellie thought, a cock that was not her boyfriend's really was deep in her body while everyone looked on. Nick looked at her questioningly.

Ellie closed her eyes. Her head tipped back, and she pushed her hips down, sinking the last of Nick's cock into her. She moaned as his full length spread her open, feeling how different his shaft felt inside her. She lifted herself up and then down again, feeling him fill her once again.

"Fuck me," Ellie moaned, opening her eyes and staring deep into Nick's again. "Fuck me, now!"

Nick needed no more encouragement. He seized Ellie's hips and slammed himself upward into her. Ellie moaned as their bodies moved together. Nick pulled her head down, kissing her passionately while he thrust deeply into her body. Her nipples pressed against his chest, rubbing against his shirt. Overloaded by sensation, Ellie cried out against Nick's mouth. Her body spasmed, pleasure crashing through her as Nick's thrust grew more frantic.

"Ellie," Nick groaned against her lips. "Ellie, I'm... I'm going to cum."

"Yes," Ellie panted.

"I... I should..." Nick struggled, pushing her hips up.

Realizing he was trying to pull out, Ellie grabbed his shoulders and drove herself down on him hard. 

"It's ok," she panted, rolling her hips and trying to take him even deeper. "It's ok. I want to feel you... in me. Cum... in me."

"Oh god!" Nick cried, thrusting violently. 

"Yes!" she cried, triumphantly, as Nick emptied himself into her, the warm flood as his cum filled her pussy, sparking another, smaller orgasm of her own.

Slowly, Ellie collapsed against Nick's chest as they both panted in the aftermath.

"Thank you," she whispered into Nick's ear, adding teasingly, "it was a great game."

"Oh, wow," Nick moaned, stunned.

"Holy shit," Dennis's voice cut through the post-orgasmic haze. "That was so fucking hot."

Giggling, Ellie looked up to see Dennis, Ed and Charlie regarding her. Slowly, she lifted herself off Nick's lap, biting her lip to hold back a moan as his softening shaft slid from her sensitive pussy. She could feel Nick's cum oozing down her thigh as she locked gazes with her boyfriend.
