 It's a military drill weekend, and I'm sitting at work, bored and on the computer. We are exchanging emails, and you are waiting at my house. We've made plans this evening to go out for dinner with Kandi. The last time we were together, playing rummy, you just weren't ready to go any further. But this time the other guy won't be there, and you have gained a lot more confidence. You're really looking forward to tonight, and being able to actually appreciate another woman instead of just being worried about yourself. Your emails are getting very naughty, and you're succeeding in making me very horny and completely unable to do anything about it. You describe (in great detail) about how you're sitting naked at my computer, and doing lots of fun things with yourself. You're even breaking into the toy box and using a few different ones of those on yourself. You speculate on what might happen tonight, and you tantalize me all the more. Finally I am allowed to leave, and I rush home, being lucky to avoid any cops.

I hope to catch you still naked, and maybe sneak some fun time in before we head out. But no such luck, you are already dressed and ready to go when I get there. You are wearing some very nice, tight fitting jeans, and a tshirt with a sweatshirt on overtop of it. The sweatshirt is one I haven't seen before, and is a little tight on you, making your 34C breasts stand out very nicely but not providing any detail about what is covering them underneath. I am quite certain that you have on some very scrumptious undergarments, but I am not going to be allowed to see them right now, it seems. 

You greet me with a kiss, and pull me into the bedroom. You kiss me again, as your hands move to my BDU shirt, slowly unbuttoning the buttons. You slide it off my shoulders and toss it to the side. You then break the kiss and push me down onto the bed, and bend down to start unlacing my boots. You are slowly undressing me, and I like it very much. You finish one boot and work it off, and then the other one. When both boots are out of the way, and my pants unbloused, you stand me up but remain on your knees. You unbutton my pants, and slide them off down my legs, seeing my very obvious erection under my flag boxers. You smile at the sight, and reach out and rub it through the material. You tell me that you're glad I'm ready, but I'm just gonna have to stay that way for a little while longer. I fake moan in agony, but know that you are right and that it will all be made much, much better later.

You then hand me the clothes you have waiting for me, a pair of jeans and my fleece. I get them on, and make sure everything is ready to go. We head out to Olive Garden, where we will meet Kandi. She gets there not too long after us, and we go sit down for dinner. We all chat easily, and you keep sneaking glances at her. You didn't really get a chance to look at her last time, you were too worried about her (and the other guy) looking at you. She's fairly attractive, and your mind keeps flashing back to the way she looked naked in our living room. You didn't take it in as much then, but you know you will this time. Smiling at the thought, you decide to pay me back for last time we ate. 

Your hand rubs my knee, and then moves up my thigh until you are fondling me under the table. You can tell that I am most definitely still hard. I manage to not let it show, and you don't think Kandi caught on. When we're finished we head out to our cars, and Kandi follows us to our apartment. On the way I ask you if you're really ready for this, and you tell me that you're a little nervous, but also excited and quite ready. You pull my hand to your crotch and I can feel how damp you are, before you shove my hand away and make me pay attention to the road.

We make it back to the apartment, and head on inside. I make sure the door is locked, and all coats are hung up and put away. We stand around somewhat embarrassed, all knowing what we want to do but not entirely certain how to make it happen. We all go into the guest room and shut the door, so that we won't be interrupted. Kandi turns to you and asks you if you are sure you want to do this. You hesitate, then nod shyly. She steps up to you and embraces you, and kisses you on the mouth. 

This is one of your few kisses with anyone but me, and your first with a woman. You wonder at the sensation, and decide that you really enjoy it. It's different than a guy, a lot softer and more gentle. Your hands slide around her waist, and you are quite conscious of her breasts pressing against yours. You feel her tongue start to explore your lips, and you open your mouth in response. Soon you are french-kissing her, your tongues eagerly playing with each other. She has a tongue ring, and it's quite an interesting sensation. Her hands slide up and down your back, like mine often do. You have your eyes closed to be able to concentrate more fully on the sensation, but you sneak a peek and see me out of the corner of your eye, watching the two of you with a happy and lustful smile on my face. I am very pleased that you are enjoying this, and I am very horny at the sight of it.

Your hands start moving on her body, as you slowly explore it. The curves are familiar but unfamiliar, as you have never felt them in this context apart from your own wonderful body. You pull her into you as she is pulling you into her, embracing more closely. Her body is pliant, and the skin is very wonderful to caress. Her hands move down to start massaging your ass, and after a moment you reply in turn. It isn't your favorite part to explore, but it is kinda fun to feel, and you know how much you enjoy me (and now her) squeezing your ass. Both of you start to sway against each other, moving sinuously. Your tits rub up and down against each other. Then you each feel an arm around your shoulders, as I come up along your sides and embrace you as well. You break your kiss and both look at me, and I lean forward and we all sort of kiss each other at the same time in a three way kiss. It's a little awkward, but fun. 

I then step back, and sit down on the futon. You turn back to Kandi, and give her another quick kiss. She then reaches to your waist, and grabs the hem of your sweatshirt. Looking inquiringly at you, she sees your smile and peels it off over your head. You both take a moment to kick off your shoes and socks, as I do, and now the two of you are both wearing jeans and a tshirt, and I take off my fleece to match you. Kandi then reaches out and places both of her hands on your boobs, through your tshirt. 

You are sort of facing away from me, so I can't see your front very clearly, but from the surprised and happy look on her face I surmise, correctly, that you aren't wearing a bra. Her hands feel wonderful on your breasts, as she cups them and then starts to squeeze them a little. Her fingers stay away from the nipples for the moment, though they are quite obviously very hard. You turn your head to glance at me, and see me gazing at you, one hand down the front of my pants rubbing myself. With the other I give a big thumbs up, and you smile.

You turn back to Kandi, and reach for her waist. She lets go of you and raises her arms up, to make it easy for you to remove her tshirt. You hesitate for only a second, and then grab and pull. Tossing her shirt to the side, you stare at her chest as she strikes a pose for you. You see the tattoos on her upper chest, but that's not where your eyes go. Her breasts are a little fuller than yours, and not quite as nice and firm, so she does need a bra. It's a nice lacy black one, and you can clearly see her pierced nipples through the fabric. "You like what you see?" she asks.

You reply "I've seen them once, but I don't remember them looking quite so hot!" She pulls you into an embrace, and you eagerly kiss her while you quickly unhook her bra. Stepping back, she tosses her bra to the side and cups her tits in her hands. You gaze in wonder, the first time you've really gotten to admire another woman's chest. It is extremely exciting to you. Your eyes follow her luscious curves, her excited nipples with the piercings, the large areola. 

"Fair's fair", she tells you, and reaches for your shirt. Removing it, she admires your tits, remarking about how nice they are. She reaches to run her fingers around the edges of them, cupping them and then sliding her hands down your now-bare sides. Grabbing you around the waist, she pulls you into her and kisses you, firmly, her hands rubbing the soft nude skin of your back. You do the same to her, and you feel the skin of your boobs rubbing together. You can feel her nipples, and her piercings, as she can feel you. It's a sensation unlike any you've ever felt, and you love it.

While you are enjoying that, I am unfolding the futon. I stand by the wall with my hand still down my pants, and admire the gorgeous sight of two very hot topless women fondling and making out with each other. You two make your way over to the bed, and you pull her down on top of you.

You are laying on your back, wearing just your jeans and whatever is underneath them. Kandi rests on top of you, her large breasts pressing down onto yours, also only clad in jeans and whatever underneath. You make out some more, your hands massaging the bare skin of her back, her hands roaming your sides. She finally leaves your mouth, and starts kissing you all over your face. Her kisses feel different than mine, a little lighter. They come down your neck, and she starts licking you and sucking the soft spot on your neck. You moan and squirm happily at her touch. 

She continues downward, and you soon feel her soft but firm hands around your breasts. She kisses your cleavage, then squeezes your tits as she bites the inside of one of them. You cry out in pleasure at the sensation. She then continues kissing around that breast, getting to the top and then tracing your areola with her soft tongue. Then her mouth closes on you, and another woman is suckling at your breast for the first time. You moan and thoroughly enjoy the feelings coursing through your body, making you even wetter so that both of us can easily smell your arousal. There is another odd scent, though, and you realize that it is her arousal. It is similar to yours, but seems to have a slightly different "flavor" so to speak. You realize that you are extremely anxious to taste it and compare it to yours. Then Kandi bites your nipple and you forget about everything but how good it feels.

Her other hand is squeezing your other breast, and she moves to the nipple and starts to tweak it. She then switches tits, and is suckling on the one and pinching the other. You are in heaven, and she is doing everything just right as only a woman can. Her hands, her fingers, her lips, her tongue, her teeth all work together perfectly. You keep moaning and pressing your chest into her face, loving the feeling. Finally she leaves your nipples with a few final tweaks, and her tongue continues its journey downwards.

She pauses at your belly button, and twirls her tongue inside it. She then goes down to the edge of your jeans, and stops there. She looks at your face, and sees the expression of lust and longing there. She unbuttons your jeans and sees your smile, you licking your lips in anticipation. She unzips you, and you raise your hips to allow her to slide them down your legs. 

As they come off, they reveal the exceedingly skimpy red string thing you have on. She coos at the sight, licking her lips and making you smile. The jeans are thrown to the side onto the steadily growing pile of discarded clothing, and you are now very nearly naked. Kandi's hands slide slowly along your legs, feeling their strength and smoothness. Reaching your hips, she brings her fingers around to your inner thighs and then places one hand flat on your pussy. Everyone can hear the squishing sound as you are quite thoroughly soaked. You moan at the touch, and with her palm she starts to rub you. It's pressing your clit around, and you start to make guttural noises. 

She then takes her hand away, and bends over you. Her teeth take the edge of your underwear, and she skillfully removes them. You now lay naked on the bed, your legs spreading far apart, totally exposing yourself to this woman. You suddenly realize this and start to pull your legs together in embarrassment, but her hands stop them. She tells you how beautiful your bare pussy is, and your arousal overcomes your nervousness. You look at her imploringly, and she knows exactly what you want her to do. She slowly lowers her head, her hair brushing your thighs (another new and not unpleasant feeling), and you feel her warm breath on your dripping pussy. Then her tongue touches you for the first time and you feel like your pussy explodes with joy. 

No one can understand what you are saying, but it's quite obvious that you are loving this. Her tongue explores your innermost reaches, spending most of its time right on your clit. She knows *exactly* what to do, and you feel wave after wave of pleasure. After all too soon you can take no more of this, and cry out to stop. She doesn't right away, but slowly lessens her pace and eases you back down. As you are recovering her tongue sneaks down to your asshole and you twitch and let out a gasp. She doesn't stay, though, knowing that you can't handle any more right now. 

You sit up, wrap your arms around her and hold her to you, feeling her body next to yours and resting in her arms. You kiss once more, and then you turn to look at me. My cock is sticking out of my zipper, and there is a huge smile on my face. You know I must have been intentionally saving myself, because you can only imagine how erotic the sight of Kandi going down on you was. I come over and you give me a deep, passionate kiss, thanking me wordlessly for allowing you this experience. You then give my cock a kiss, and turn back to Kandi, telling her that you think you're ready to give her a try.

She leans back and you crawl onto her, still a little shaky. You kiss her, and as your tongues mingle you feel your strength, and your horniness, returning. You try and follow the same pattern that she did on you, knowing that it's something you liked. You kiss her face, and her ear, and her neck. The skin is all so different than mine, but it's quite pleasant. You go down to her tattoos, and trace the rough outlines with your tongue. She is moaning softly at your touch, and you know you must be doing something right. You then get down to her large hanging breasts, and you can't resist. 

You have to know right away what a woman's nipple feels like in your mouth, and a pierced one at that. She gasps in surprise, expecting you to tease her a little first, but as you suck her nipple in your mouth, she quickly adapts and enjoys it. Having already pleasured you, you know that she's quite horny and ready to go already. Her nipple is hard in your mouth, and you suck on it just like you enjoy having it done to you. Your teeth scrape on her piercing, and you tug on it slightly, causing a louder moan. You are really enjoying this, and she is too. You lean back a little, so that you can watch your hands on her breasts, as you play with her nipples. Her breasts feel nice and soft in your hands, and you bounce them a little. You then move your mouth back down and lick her other nipple, flicking the tip with your tongue.

Having enjoyed her tits, you are quite ready to finally taste her womanhood. You don't even bother with licking her belly, but unbutton and unzip her jeans, giving you a peek at a sexy black panty. You just grab both and pull them off though, impatient to get your first glimpse of another pussy. When you played rummy, you only caught a brief glimpse in your own worry, and it looked like she was well trimmed. But now she is completely bare, having obviously just shaved earlier. You look at her cunt up close, admiring the view. You can see the juice leaking out, and the smell is almost overwhelming. The folds are so mysterious, and you lean forward to look more closely. You stick out your finger and touch her lips, making her gasp. You slide it inside her folds, watching it disappear, and feeling her pussy react to the intruder with a squeeze. You pull it out slowly and raise it to your face, sticking it in your mouth and tasting someone else for the first time. It reminds you of yourself, but not. You love it, and you have to get some more. 

You bend down and take your first lick of a woman's pussy, feeling the warm folds beneath your tongue and the exorbitant amount of natural lubrication. She cries out and her body shudders, and you realize that she just came from that one lick. You take another, and this time linger at the top where you know her clit is. She is quite excited and it is very hard, and your tongue finds it easily. You roll it around a few times, knowing how good that feels, and you feel her having another orgasm around your face. You start to pull away, thinking she needs some time to recover, and she clamps her strong legs around your neck and holds your head in place with her hands. She's not suffocating you, but it's very apparent she doesn't want you to leave yet.

You decide that as long as you're here, you're going to make the most of it. Your tongue explores everywhere, sliding between her lips, across them, all around her clit. You spend most of the time up top at her button, knowing that continuous stimulation there is the best. And she reacts. Oh, she reacts. Your chin is soon covered with her nectar, and her body is almost continuously shaking. Her moans and squeals of joy keep getting louder, and you realize suddenly that this is all because of you. You, the shy uncertain virgin girl, are bringing such incredible joy to this woman. That makes you feel so proud and important and special, encouraged like mere words could never do. 

You continue to work her clit, until she finally screams and releases your head, her body twitching and you lean back to watch her orgasm. You give her nipples a pinch and she squeals as she is screaming, jerking happily at your touch. You continue to watch her, knowing that you caused all this. When she finally calms down, she looks at you and asks, "Are you sure you've never done that before? Because that was perfect." You smile happily and then she turns to me. "Well, what did you think?" You had almost forgotten I was there, because I was just quietly watching you. But now I'm coming over, still with an erect cock, and you look at Kandi and decide something needs to be done about that, soon.

As I come over towards the futon where you and Kandi lay gloriously naked, you stand up and stretch, showing me all of your perfect nude form. You then wrap your arms around me and pull me into you with a passionate, thankful kiss. You grind your wet pussy against my hard cock sticking out of my jeans, and press your hard, firm tits strongly against my tshirt clad chest. Kandi stands up as well, and comes around behind me and embraces me from there. I can feel her boobs pressed into my back, and I now have two gorgeous naked women wrapped around me. 

Looking at you I feel so incredibly lucky, for everything. My hands roam your back, and her hands reach around me to caress your sides and your hips. Both of you grab my tshirt and pull it off over my head, Kandi throwing it to the side as you remove my dogtags. Kandi now starts nuzzling my neck, licking and sucking on the skin at the back of it. You match her on the front side, kissing the hollow of my neck. Your mouths feel wonderful and I don't know what to do besides stand there and allow you to work your magic on me. I let out a sigh of enjoyment, that turns into a moan as your tongue finds my nipple. Kandi comes around to join you, working her way around my body with her tongue. I now have two beautiful women each sucking on one of my nipples. Your hand reaches out to grab her ass as she is next to you, and hers does to you as well.
