 What a day, I had been involved in extreme negotiations all day working to solidify investors for the acquisition of my newest venture. I simply wanted to put a steak on the grill and melt some ice cubes with my favorite bottle of aged Crown Royal Black. I set roof top terrace enjoying the spring air, admiring the beauty of Savannah, the most romantic city in the south and smelling my hand cut, aged to perfection rib eye sizzling on the grill.

Looking over my news feed replaying the day, longing for a distraction to do what the crown and the cooked to perfection steak could not, when I read these four words, "I Need You Now". How she knew, I was thinking of her at this very moment. The memories immediately begin to flood into my brain of our last time together. It was an encounter like every encounter with her neither of us would ever forget.

I smiled deep, down in my soul knowing that this incredibly, beautiful, phenomenally desirable, powerful woman needed me. She needed me not in a normal way of need. However, in a primal, desire to rattle the earth, conquering me with every ounce of sexual energy she could muster.

Dr. A is absolutely the most desirable physician in the city, if not the state. She has a thriving practice and is extremely selective with who she chooses to allow in her patient load and even more selective with her friends. Her lovers, well that is an entirely different sphere. She knows that as beautiful as she is, as talented as she is as a physician, as intellectually gifted, as remarkable as she is as an individual, none of this could even begin to match her prowess in the bedroom. She has a sexual energy and hunger that is unmatched. She is nothing short of a sexual genius. No even more. She is a sexual Goddess. 

Every inch of her 6' stature is made complete with desire. Her body is perfectly sculpted, her breast, her stomach, her ass, her face, her legs, her eyes are perfect. All of this is capitulated with her strong Russian accent. She is powerful, dominate, confident and she needs me. She craves submission sexually to me. With me and only me, she can allow her greatest desires to be explored and boundaries safely pushed. More importantly, she can be fulfilled in unimaginable ways for a few hours and never worry about anyone knowing about this desire.

I reply to her text, "My driver Georg is on the way. You know what to expect when he arrives. He will have an outfit for you. Be showered, shaved and ready. Answer the door nude and he will help dress you." She responded with a two-word reply, "Yes Sir".

As I pulled my steak off the grill, I asked my housekeeper to prepare my room for company and she could be excused for the evening. I freshened my drink and devoured my steak, thinking of how soon, I would be devouring Dr. A.

Damn, she was even more beautiful than I remembered. She is tall, lean and desires to be used. She stood dressed in the red lace Versace dress which fit her like a glove. The Aimantaclou by Christian Louboutin spiked shoes accentuated her perfect legs and strong calf's. Her nipples were hard and protruding the low cut dress. I could see light perspiration on her chest and noticed it moved rapidly part by desire, part sexual energy, but mostly uncertainty and nervousness for what was about to become of her.

"Turn around slowly please and allow me the opportunity to enjoy every inch of your perfect body", I instructed. She complied and I immediately smelled the sex dripping from the caverns of her perfect pussy.

"Drop the dress and come to me and kneel". "Yes Sir", she replied, as the dress slid slowly, seductively her body took my breath. It was difficult to understand beauty and perfection like what was in front of me this very second. It took every bit of energy in me not to devour her immediately.

I explained to Dr. A that this was her evening. The evening she desired and requested. By complying with me at this very moment, she was submitting to me to give me permission to do everything in my power to make this the most enjoyable evening of her life. One that she needs and desires. She replied, "Yes Sir, I comply."

I leaned in and kissed her full lips, touching her perfect teeth with my lounge and transferring my energy to her. Her respiration's increased, the perspiration and palpitations were intense, and the moisture between her legs was noticeable. She was ready.

I led her to my bed, her skin on the white Egyptian cotton sheets was remarkable. I pulled off my tie and slowly tied it around her head covering her eyes. I pulled her arms over her head and tied them together with Burberry silk scarves. Slowly I traced down her perfect body with two more scarves, slightly touching her nipples, down her belly to the top of her shaved pussy, over her clit and down her sculpted legs. I spread her open wide and tied each ankle to the posts of the bed.

She was breathing rapidly, anticipating my next move. I stepped back and soaked the beauty of such a powerful, beautiful, sensual woman trusting me enough to submit and be used in this way.

This would be my dessert. I had warmed a bottle of chocolate syrup and chilled some freshly cut strawberries and whipped cream.

Starting at the top of her right foot, I started squeezing the warm chocolate syrup in a beaded line up her leg. She jumped when the warm, sticky syrup touched her body. Tracing up her leg and just past side of her mound across the top of her pussy, circling her enlarged clit and then slowly down the left leg.

Then I traced her nipples with the warm syrup, enlarging the circle to cover the diameter of her ample breast before repeating it on the second one. 

I grabbed a hand full of the fresh strawberries and slowly teased her clit, running them lightly down the wall of her vagina, tracing the lips and pushing them in slowly one by one. Dr. A. gushed with each insertion. Now to top it off, I shook the whipped cream, inserted the nozzle inside her vagina, and released the cream as I pulled it out slowly. 

Once again, I stepped back admiring my masterpiece. Dr. A was squirming and begging me to fuck her. I grabbed my iPhone and took a few quick shots of this masterpiece and then stepped to the door of the bedroom and opened it. I signaled for Georg, my driver and bodyguard to step in and check out my handy work. 

Georg was 6'5, all muscle Latino stud. He was gifted in many ways, one was with an extremely long and talented tongue the other was his size 14 shoes. I instructed Georg to undress and join me in enjoying my hand made dessert. He was struggling to entrap his 10x6" monster cock in his Calvin's. He kneeled onto the bed and went straight for Dr. A's pussy. She squealed as his masterful tongue began to retrieve the strawberries one by one. 

It was not until I slowly began to lick the warm chocolate syrup off her breast did she realized that I had invited a guest to share her with. She knew at this moment, she was my slut. She was mine to use and share as I chose. She trusted me impeccably and screamed with excitement.

As I licked around her beautiful breast, slowly and deliberately inching toward the pencil eraser, erect nipples whose nerves responded with each lick moistening her pussy. Georg was devouring it as she screamed and squirted, flooding his face and pushing the remaining strawberries out.

On cue, he stood up and began to fill her tight, smooth, swollen pussy with his massive cock. Dr. A loved being filled with every inch. As she began to scream with joy, I filled her mouth with my 7" smooth cock. My shaved balls rested on her chin and I slid down her throat. The power fucking began by Georg. She was being filled at both ends and loved every second of this domination. This continued for nearly thirty minutes

Then as she gagged on my cock I pulled out in time for her to scream, "Oh my God, Oh my Goddddd!! I am Cuming. Please let me cum"! With this Georg pulled out his massive, hard cock and for the third time, she began to squirt and now convulse uncontrollably. Georg and I covered her simultaneously with two huge loads of cum. Her breast and stomach was full of perfect, steaming cum.

I slowly untied her and bent down to kiss her softly. I asked her if she had received everything thing she needed. She replied softly, "In more ways than I ever could have imagined. You satisfied needs I did not even understand that I had. Thank you!" 

I slid off her blindfold and she now saw it was Georg who had been filling her unlike she had ever been filled before. She smiled at him, looked at me, and said mouthed "Thank you"! I instructed Georg to take her into my shower, clean her up, dress her and return her home. He pulled her up into his massive arms and toted her into the shower. I could her begin to moan has the warm jets hit her body and Georg slowly soaped her up and caressed and cleaned every inch of her.

I slipped out of the room and headed for my study. In about ten minutes, I heard the door buzz and the Maserati engine roar in the garage. Another successful evening of filling the needs of Dr. A had been completed.