 I watched Danielle's round ass sway across the room as she headed through the crowd toward the bathroom... but the crowd might as well not have been there. I wasn't seeing anything but her soft, round curves as she glided across the room.

My wife Sasha and I had just met Danielle at one of those boring business parties I had to go to - the type of affair where it's more important to "be seen" than it is to have a good time. Of course, it was easier to "be seen" with Sasha on my arm. No doubt about it - my wife looked phenomenal. She's sometimes self-conscious of her big beautiful body, but she knows how to dress to impress. Her big breasts and wide hips were on prominent display in the tight low-cut red dress she was wearing. She'd also decided to "spike" her short silver hair with some pink hair gel, giving her just enough "punk rock" to offset the formal dress she was wearing. She knows how to play the corporate game with the best of them... but she never lets people forget she's more than just "Curtis' wife."

After making the rounds and "being seen" by the appropriate people, we took our drinks to a bar table (you know, one of those pedestal tables you stand, rather than sit at.)

"I cannot wait to get out of these shoes," Sasha grumbled as she looked down and flexed her foot. "They're destroying my back."

"I think we can get out of here soon," I replied quietly, scanning the room to be sure I'd made contact with everyone important. "I know the shoes are killing you - but if it makes you feel any better, they're having the desired effect... Your ass and legs look amazing!" 

"Can't disagree with that," a woman's voice said behind us. We both jumped and turned to look across the table. There, with a Champaign flute and a small plate of hors d'oeuvres, was a dark-haired vision. She had sparkling brown eyes, somewhat heavy brows, and a wide mouth framed by full crimson lips. Some might have called our table companion "heavy" or "overweight," but I found her round curves utterly captivating. Those curves were being hugged perfectly by a wrap-around floral dress, and the dark hair piled on top of her head and trailing down past her ears contrasted wonderfully with her pale skin. I guessed that she was in her late 30's (but I'm the first to admit I'm horrible at guessing ages... I'd thought Sasha was only a few years older than I when we first met, and she turned out to be 15 years older.)

"Oh God," Sasha exclaimed (I was glad she could still talk - I was suddenly having trouble remembering how to do that...) "I am so sorry! We were focused on other things and didn't see you standing there. We didn't mean to invade your table."

"Ah, no big deal," the woman said with a smile. "I should have posted more guards at the border. My own fault."

We all laughed and introduced ourselves. It turned out Danielle didn't work at my company. She'd been invited by a friend of hers who works in the HR department - Sally... something or other. Sally something or other had engaged in a loud fight with her boyfriend and stormed out about twenty minutes after Danielle arrived, leaving her at the party alone.

"I thought about leaving," she said as she picked up a stuffed mushroom with her little plastic fork, "but then I thought what the Hell - the drinks are free and the food isn't bad. I might as well get a free meal out of the night."

"Well, don't worry," I said dropping my voice. "We won't blow your cover. They decided not to put donuts on the buffet line, so there aren't any cops around to blow your cover to, anyway."

She fixed me with a steady look and popped the mushroom into her mouth. "Good one," she said as she chewed, then swallowed. "I'll remember to tell my Captain about it when I get into the precinct tomorrow."

I'm sure everyone at the party didn't stop talking and turn to look at me - but it sure felt that way. It was as if the air was sucked out of the room, and I was ground-zero for the explosive decompression. I opened my mouth to apologize and Danielle burst out in a deep, throaty laugh.

"Oh my God," she gasped in between guffaws, "the look on your face! Curtis, you looked like a fish trying to breathe after being yanked out of the river!"

I turned to look at Sasha. She looked at me, then immediately broke out laughing herself. This set Danielle off again, and the two of them held on to the small table for support as they chortled, snickered, and probably made several other mocking noises in my direction.

"Oh God," Danielle said again as she wiped her eyes and caught her breath. "I'm not a cop. For God's sake, look at me - they'd never let me stay on the force if I was this heavy. Besides, where would I hide a gun in this dress?"

"Oh, you look pretty inventive," Sasha chimed in as she tried to breathe. "I'm sure you could find someplace to strap one on." A look of horror passed across Sasha's face as she realized what she'd just said. She looked at Danielle, then at me, and this brought on another round of laughter.

No, Danielle wasn't a cop. It turned out she was actually an architecture student, pursuing her master's degree at a university in San Antonio Texas. She'd flown in earlier that week to interview for a summer internship at one of the city's more prestigious architecture firms, and was slated to fly out in a couple of days.

She was incredibly engaging, and easy to talk to. Before we knew it we were sharing life stories - talking about where we were from, our families, even Sasha and my age difference. We'd just started talking about what it was like for a distinguished (ha!) 60 year old lady to be saddled with a 45 year old husband when Danielle excused herself to go to the bathroom... and we got treated to the view of her round ass swaying across the room.

After a second or two I realized I was staring and self-consciously glanced at my wife. The smirk on her face was plenty of evidence that she knew what I was watching.

"Yeah," she asked me?

Caught. Well, Sasha and I have made a commitment to always be honest with each other - about everything. I felt my face redden a little, and I said, "Yeah."

Sasha chuckled to herself, then she leaned in a little and raised her eyebrow. She smiled a secret little smile. "...Yeah?"

"Oh," I said. I searched her face for a moment, glanced to ladies room door, and then looked back at my wife. "Uh... yeah!"

"Ok, then," she said as she downed the last of her drink. "Let's see what happens." She stepped around behind me, leaned in, and whispered, "as if you would have said no. She's just the type that gets you all hot and bothered." Then she kissed my ear, patted my ass, and headed for the ladies room herself.

I hadn't realized I'd been holding my breath until I let it out. Again my eyes followed a round swaying ass glide towards the ladies room (this time in a tight-fitting red dress) then I took out my phone and called a hotel near the airport. 

Sasha and I don't do this sort of thing often. We've been married over 20 years, and in that time we've been quite happy together. Our age difference hasn't been much of an issue in our relationship - until recently. As we both got older, our sex drives gradually diverged into different rhythms. I'm still raring to go at a moment's notice, while Sasha's not quite as hungry for sex as she once was. To complicate matters further, after she went through menopause Sasha started having a lot of problems with vaginal dryness - making penetration very uncomfortable for her, no matter how much lubricant we use.

This could have been a real problem in our marriage if it weren't for one thing - Sasha and I are best friends. We love each other, and we want each other to be as happy and fulfilled as possible. A while back we had a very frank and open talk about where we stood sexually, and I assured her that I had things "well in hand;" I could take care of my own needs just fine, and when she felt the urge there are plenty of ways to make love that don't involve penetration.

That said, Sasha knows that sometimes I miss... well, fucking. Burying the bone. Pounding the punani. Filling the cream donut. As much as I love the creative ways Sasha and I have found to give each other pleasure (and we've found many) there are times when I crave that basic sexual action. So, from time to time, she arranges a trip down to pound town (sorry, I couldn't resist throwing one more in there.) It's just one more reason I love her - she's always thinking about what I need, and she really does take good care of me.

At least, she tries... but there's never a guarantee things will work out. Like tonight; there was no certainty Danielle would be willing to catch whatever pitch Sasha was throwing in the ladies room. We'd just met her, after all, and while we both seemed to get a good "vibe" from her... well, there was no way to tell what the rest of the evening would hold until the ladies came out that door. 

At worst, I figured as I hung up the phone, Sasha and I would have a nice evening together in a decent hotel. I'm sure I could find some way to thank her for making the attempt if things didn't pan out.

While I waited I went to the bar and got three more drinks. On the way back I saw Sasha heading back to the small pedestal table - alone. I met her at the table and handed a drink to her. She thanked me and took a thoughtful sip.

"So..." I said. "Nice weather we're having, huh?"

She laughed and choked a little on her drink. "Thanks, asshole," she muttered in between coughs. "See if I ever do anything for YOU again."

"Hey," I said, patting her on the back, "I just wanted to take a little air out of the balloon. I sensed a little... tension."

"No, not tension," Sasha responded as she set her drink down. "Danielle was... taken aback. She says this sort of thing doesn't usually happen to her... Well, lets be honest - who does this sort of thing usually happen to?"

"Fair point," I said, taking a sip from my own drink. "What did you say to her? I mean, how did you..."

"Tell a woman I'd just met that I'd like her to fuck my husband?" Sasha smirked at me. "Awkwardly. It's not like there's a manual for this kind of thing, you know. And when we've done this before... well, it's always been someone we've had a prior relationship with, right? This is... unexplored territory."

"So... what did you do?"

Sasha took another sip of her drink. "Well, I could tell that Danielle was surprised to see me walk into the bathroom after her. I didn't want to freak her out - more than I was about to, anyway - so I told her she had the right idea and went into a stall. I sat down and asked her what she was going to do after the party. She said she'd probably go back to her friend Sally's (she's staying there while she's in town) but she wasn't looking forward to it. I guess Sally's a bit of a drama queen, and after the fight she'd had with her boyfriend - lets just say Danielle didn't expect to have a pleasant night. Well, I wasn't going to find a better opening than that... so I jumped in with both feet." 

Sasha took yet another sip - a gulp, really - before continuing. "I flushed the toilet (not that I could relax enough to pee,) opened the door, and told her that if she didn't want to go back to Sally's we had a hotel room and we'd love to spend more time with her and if she wanted she come back and stay the night with us." She took a deep breath, then fixed me with a look and raised her eyebrow. "We do have a hotel room, right?"

I nodded. "Yes, honey. That's taken care of."

"Right... of course it is," she said. "So, like I said... she was taken aback. She just sort of stared at me, wide-eyed - and before I knew it I was laying it all out: the difference between our libidos, 'my little problem,' the ways we've gotten around it... I'm so lucky no one walked into the bathroom while I was running my mouth!"

"Anyway, after a few minutes she held up her hand for me to stop, and leaned against the sink, and said she was flattered. She said that back in Texas she's not usually the girl who gets picked up at the party. She's usually the 'wingman' - the friend who's supposed to get her girlfriends out of bad situations. She asked if it was ok for her to think about it for a while."

"Makes sense," I chimed in. "It's a lot to take in."

Sasha smiled at me. "You know, those were my exact words to her. So, I thanked her for thinking about it, and apologized in case I'd made her uncomfortable and headed for the door feeling like a complete idiot." 

"I had just opened the door when she said my name. I closed the door and turned back around. She beckoned me closer, and when I went to her she gave me a big hug and whispered in my ear, 'I'm thinking really hard about it.' Then... she gave me something."

"What did she give you?" I asked.

Sasha looked down at the table. I followed her eyes to where her left hand had been resting during her story. She opened it, and there lay a pair of lavender colored panties. I quickly picked them up, looking furtively around the room to see if anyone had noticed.

"Well," I said, feeling the silky fabric between my fingers, "she's not the only one -"

"Thinking HARD," Danielle's voice said behind me? That sultry voice was replaced with a malicious giggle at the way I jumped when I heard her.

"That's twice you've snuck up on us," I said, turning to see her standing at the table. "How do you keep doing that?"

"I'm stealthy, like a jungle cat," she murmured. She looked down at the drink I'd placed on the table. "Is this for me?" I nodded. "Thanks," she said. Her expression shifted from playful to serious as she picked up the glass and took a sip. "So, if we do this, I have some questions."

"Of course," Sasha said. "Fire away."

"So, you want me to spend the night with you in a hotel room." We nodded. "What does that mean, exactly? I mean... what are we going to do?"

"Whatever you feel like doing," I said. "No pressure, no assumptions. We like you, and we'd like to spend more time with you. That could mean sitting around talking, watching a movie, or... anything else you feel like doing."

"Ok," she responded. "That seems open-ended enough. You guys aren't into anything... extreme, are you? Whips, chains... that kind of thing?"

Sasha chuckled. "Uh... no. We've done some role-play in the past, but that's about it - we're really pretty boring."

Danielle laughed - maybe a little nervously. "Yeah - boring. That's exactly what I'd call this situation!" Sasha and I laughed along with her. "And Sasha - just so I'm clear, you want me to sleep with - to fuck your husband. What will you be doing while we're... I mean, I've never been with a woman..."

I couldn't resist. "Not even this one time - in college?"

Danielle fixed me with a level gaze, then looked Sasha up-and down. "Well..." she said quietly, "college isn't over yet..."

My wife cleared her throat. "Again, sweetie, whatever you're comfortable with. I have been with other women, and I like it. A lot. But you don't have to do anything you don't want to. I would like to watch, though, if that's ok."

Danielle looked at her, then she looked at me. She stood quietly for a moment, then downed her drink in one gulp. "Fuck it," she said. "You don't seem like the types to leave me dead in a ditch somewhere... What the hell. I'm game if you are. Lets get out of here!"

I glanced at Sasha and smiled. We finished our drinks and went to get the car. As we headed for the parking lot, I asked Danielle, "So, do you need to call Sally and let her know you won't be home?"

"Oh..." she replied with a devious smile, "I already did that when I was in the bathroom." 

When we got to the car Danielle insisted on sitting in the back. As I pulled out of the lot, I heard her voice from behind me ask, "Do you guys do this a lot? Are you, like... swingers?"

Sasha and I laughed. "What, the smooth confident way I propositioned you didn't clue you in?" my wife said. Danielle chuckled. "No, we're hardly swingers. We've been to swing clubs a few times - we have a couple here in town. We're not 'in the lifestyle,' though."

"Swingers clubs..." Danielle mused from the darkness. "What are those like?"

"The ones we've been to are pretty nice," Sasha replied. "They're houses or... well, sort of night clubs, really, with dance floors, bars and other 'perks' like big screens that play porn movies, rooms with windows so people can watch, big beds that can hold lots of people - and private rooms, too, if you don't want to get other people involved."

"Did you two use the private rooms," Danielle asked, "or the big beds with lots of people?"

"It depended on the night," I said, "and the people. We've been with a couple groups on the big beds, and we've been in the rooms with each other - or with someone else. We didn't play with other people often... most of the time we'd just be surrounded by the sights... and the sounds... and then it wouldn't be long before Sasha and I were all over each other."

"I have to admit, it turned me on a little to be watched by other people," Sasha added. "We used the rooms with the windows a lot, and I could tell that people were watching when Curtis would be between my legs eating me... some times he'd fuck me from behind (back when we could do that) and I'd watch the people watching me while he filled me up."

"Did the people watching want to join you?" Danielle asked. Her voice sounded a little strained, and she seemed to be breathing a little faster.

"Sometimes," I said, glancing at her in the rear-view-mirror. I couldn't see much in the back seat, but occasionally the street lights would illuminate her pale thighs, and her hands moving between them under her dress. "We've always been pretty selective about who we play with, though. It's a cardinal rule at those clubs that you're allowed to say 'no' and people are to respect that. It's another rule, in fact, that the ladies are the ones with the final say-so."

"So, you've seen Curtis with other women before Sasha," Danielle said - her breath coming even faster. "What's that like? Don't you get jealous?"

"A little, at first... but I love him, and I want him to enjoy himself completely." She looked in the back seat and smiled. "The look he gets on his face when he's deep inside of someone, or filling her mouth with his cock, is priceless... and the sight of his big cock sliding into someone actually turns me on. Then, when I get to join in, there's something... magical about the way we move together. When our hands are exploring someone else's body... when our mouths are all over her - one of us on her tits, the other between her legs..." I heard Danielle's breath catch in the back seat, and a wet squish-squish-squish sound. "One time a friend joined us in one of the rooms, and we licked and kissed her for over an hour - then I ate her pussy and pinched her nipples while Curtis spread her cheeks and tongued her asshole until she came so hard that she almost suffocated me against her crotch."

"Oh goddamn," Danielle cried from the shadows as the squish-squish-squish sound reached a fever pace. She took a long, shaky breath. "That sounds so hot," she said.

"It was," I replied. "A night I'll always remember. And... we're here." I pulled into the hotel parking lot and put the car in park. Then I turned to Danielle in the back seat. "Why don't you and Sasha stay here while I check in?"

"Ok," Danielle said breathlessly. "I could... I could use a minute." I glanced at Sasha and she nodded with a wicked smile.

They didn't stay in the car for long. By the time I finished registering (and picking up a little "protection" at the hotel gift shop) both women were standing in the lobby, arm-in-arm. "I wanted to get some place a little more comfortable," Danielle explained. 

Sasha smiled conspiratorially and said, "Danielle has a present for you." I looked at Danielle, and she held out her hand with a wicked grin on her beautiful face. I took what was inside it - a satiny bra that matched the lavender panties she'd given us not a half-hour before. I felt my pulse quicken. 
