 Julie and I were so excited about moving into our new condo. We had been trying to buy a house for so long but the more we saved for a down payment the higher house prices would climb. When the housing market crashed, it turned out to be a blessing for us. I felt like we had stolen this condo, we had looked at one in the same complex a year ago and it was a hundred thousand higher that what we paid for ours.

After settling in our new neighbor came over to introduce herself, her name was Phoebe. She told us her and her husband had lived in their place for quite awhile and were very happy there. I asked Phoebe what had happened to the people who had lived in our new place.

"George, it really is a tragic story. John and I really liked them; it was so nice to have them as neighbors. In fact, you two remind me of them. Then out of the blue one day Joyce told me that Charles had moved out, he told her he wanted a divorce. Poor Joyce couldn't afford the condo on just her salary and what a bad time to try and sell, she lost a lot of money."

Phoebe invited us to dinner for Friday evening and we were happy to accept. Then she left so we could finish unpacking.

"George she sounds so nice, I hope we get along it would be so nice to have a friend living so close."

While I was agreeing aloud with my wife, what I was thinking was 'it sure is nice to have a woman with a body like Phoebe's living so close.'

We both went to bed exhausted, but I wasn't tired I was Horny. I kept thinking about our new neighbor's body. My wife is a pretty young woman slim and athletic, but Phoebe was a woman with full breasts and hips and curves everywhere. Her lips were also full with dark red lipstick that made them look ready to kiss. Whereas my wife was blond with short hair, Phoebe had long dark hair that framed her tanned face and cascaded down her back. I could now understand what men mean when they talk about 'MILFs'(mothers I'd like to fuck). The more I thought like this the more excited I became until I grabbed my wife by the shoulders and turned her to face me. I mounted her like a dog in heat.

"Oh my god George, what has got into you? Ohh, don't stop keep going, yes, harder, harder, oh..."

I came with a shuddering climax and Julie came at the same time. I collapsed on top of her, breathing hard, we were both covered in sweat. Julie and I made love all the time and it was great, but this was fucking; raw and hard, this was new to us.

"George that was so good, I can't remember the last time I came like that. What got you so turned on?"

"I was laying here too tired to go to sleep, and I started to think about our new neighbor with her 'built like a brick shit house' body and it kinda turned me on."

"Oh my god George, you too, I was doing the same thing. She is such a striking woman I couldn't help but think about her body with all those curves. Next to her I look like a boy, I am so jealous and did you notice her hair, she could do a shampoo commercial..."

I couldn't take anymore talk I crawled up and stuck my cock in her mouth. My actions shocked her but I think she was as turned on as I because she began to suck me, as she never had before. It didn't take too long for me to cum again and when I had finished I rolled off her and on my back. As soon as I lay down my wife jumped up, straddled my face, and commanded me to make her cum. Finally both of us sated we fell asleep.

In the morning, I let Julie sleep as I showered and got dressed for work. She joined me for breakfast, as we sat drinking coffee Julie said, 

"I'm glad it's you going to work today and not me. I am already exhausted, George you wore me out last night."

"I know what you mean, I could go back to bed right now. You may be off today but you know there is still a lot of work to do around here, so don't go taking the whole day off."

I kissed my wife and left for work, as I walked to the garage I saw Phoebe coming up the walk. I could feel myself getting firm as we neared each other.

"Good morning George, how was your first night in your new place?"

"It was fantastic Phoebe, although we didn't get much sleep."

Phoebe chuckled but only said,

"Well you have a good day at work. Has your wife left already?"

"No she is off today so she can get our place ready."

"That's nice, do you think she would mind if I offered to help?"

I assured her that Julie would be delighted if only for the company, and then left for work. All the way to work, I kept fantasizing about our new neighbor and it was all I could do not to jack off in the car as I drove to work.

I was hoping for a quick in and out at work, make an appearance give my work a lick and a promise and then duck out early. As luck would have it we had a total melt down, a pissed off customer which made a pissed off boss. Not only did I not get out early, I left late. By now, I was extremely tired, I just wanted to go home, and if not right to bed at least a long nap.

As soon as I walked in the door, I knew my plans had been changed. I heard laughter coming from the kitchen and the only laughter I recognized was the laugh my wife made when she was drunk. I walked in the kitchen to find Julie and Phoebe plus a man that had to be Phoebe's husband. As John was introduced to me, I felt a twinge of jealousy. He had to be in his early fifties, with the type of grey hair that made him look like a movie star. He was tall and still muscular, in such a way it made me think that he must have played football when he was young. John made me a drink from my own bar without even asking me what I wanted. He seemed more at ease in my house than I did as we discussed the pros and cons of condo living. Phoebe noticed Julie nodding off,

"John, lets' go home and let these poor tired people get some sleep. Julie said they were going like rabbits all last night."

"OK then let's go home and pretend we're rabbits."

With that, they said good night but when Phoebe noticed how unsteady my wife was, she told John to go ahead, and then offered to help take care of Julie. John laughed and warned me about his wife being a mother hen, then headed out the door.

"OK George, help me get Julie to bed."

As soon as we laid Julie on our bed, she was out cold. Phoebe proceeded to take off all of Julie's clothes. I was stunned how this woman we hardly knew would take my wife's clothes off, even her bra and panties. I watched in a trance as Phoebe began rubbing Julie's nipples.

"I just love your wife's, what do they call it, oh yeah landing strip. I have a furry bush, but that's what my husband likes. Julie has such beautiful little tittys. Do you see how they stand up? These big old tits of mine flop all over the place if I'm not wearing some kind of super support bra."

Without a thought of the consequences I walked up behind, and put my arms around her holding her breasts in both hands and caressing them.

"I think you have the sexiest pair of tits I have ever seen, and I know the sexiest I have ever held."

As I rubbed her nipples through her blouse, she continued to do the same to my wife.

"Your wife is passed out yet her tiny nipples still get hard. See must be very sensuous."

Phoebe turned around in my arms and put those luscious lips against mine. I turned into an animal; I pulled her sweater up, just releasing my lip lock long enough to pull it over her head. However, no matter what I did I could not get her bra undone. Compared to my wife's little sports bra, this thing looked more like a safety harness. Phoebe chuckled,

"Let me do that for you, sweetie."

As if she knew the magic touch, one hand, two fingers, her bra slid down her arms and on to the floor with her sweater.

Next, she presented those luscious globes to my lips. She held her breast in one hand as my mouth covered her large nipple, with her other hand stroking my hair, she moaned,

"Yes, yes, that feels so right, keep going, yes, yes."

There was no way I could keep going, I had to have this woman, and I had to have her right now. In a move of pure stupidity, I pushed her onto the bed right next to my wife, I didn't care, and I was beyond rational thought. At this point in time, the only thing that mattered was getting between her thighs and impaling her with my cock. Phoebe put her hand up to stop me, I thought no, please, I need, and I have to have this woman. No, she wasn't stopping me, she reached into the pocket of the skirt pulled up around her waist and pulled out a condom. She expertly ripped it open with her teeth and put it on my cock. Phoebe was like no one I had ever fucked, I felt her pussy squeezing my cock, milking it, and the harder I fucked her the more she wanted. I knew there was no way I could last, yet I didn't want to appear like a kid to her. I opened my eyes (I didn't even notice I had closed them) and saw Phoebe rubbing my wife's nipple as I was fucking her. Phoebe's eyes locked on mine with a lusty stare,

"Cum in me George, cum in me right now, I beg you."

That was all it took, I released spasm after spasm of cum, shuddering the whole time.

As I lay on top of her, our bodies glistening with sweat in the little light next to the bed, she looked up at me and grinned.

"Sweetie, you're pretty ballsy, fucking me in the same bed your wife is sleeping in. It's a good thing I'm not a screamer"

My head snapped back into reality and I looked over to my wife. As I jumped, I pulled the condom off my limp dick spilling its contents inside Phoebe. Her hand still caressing Julie's breast, she said,

"If that's the way you treat condoms, we just won't bother using them anymore."

I apologized, telling her I had not worn them since I had been married.

Thank god, Julie was still out cold, she was even snoring. Embarrassed, I whispered,

"We should get up."

"Maybe we should get dressed also," Phoebe added. She went into the bathroom taking our used condom to flush and to clean up the mess I left in her while I dressed in some sweats.

After dressing, we went to the kitchen to get some coffee. I tried to apologize for being so forward but Phoebe put a finger to my lips.

"That is just what I wanted, no needed, a young vibrant cock to scratch me just where I itched. Thank you George you were perfect."

I looked at the clock and noticed how late it was.

"What about John won't he wonder what happened to you?"

"Oh, he knows what is happening to me."

"Do you mean he doesn't care?"

"To tell you the truth George, John wants your wife, and he thinks if he lets you have me first, you won't mind when he takes Julie."

I sat in silence mulling this over. Could I let this man fuck my wife, just for the chance to fuck his? It didn't take me long to realize I had just had the best sex of my life and at this time I couldn't think of anything I wouldn't give up just for another time with her. With a snap back into reality, I knew Julie would never go for this. Julie is not a prude, but swinging, no way.

"There is no way Julie would ever consent to having sex with your husband."

Phoebe laughed again (god I love her laugh. How can a laugh be sexy?),

"I'm sorry George, but once John goes after a woman he wants, there is no way she can resist him. I should know he got me. It's late, I should go home..."

I took her into my arms and we hungrily started kissing again. I sank down to my knees and put my head up her skirt. I was so glad she had put her panties into her pocket; this left me access to her furry pussy. I caressed her clit in my lips; I held it firmly in my teeth while biting and sucking it like a little cock until she came. Next, I lowered my face into her pussy sticking my tongue deep inside her. She was so wet, juices running down her vulva and onto my face. She held my head through her skirt and began rubbing her wet slit across my face.

"George, don't stop, don't stop, oh yes, yes, right..." 

She climaxed again and collapsed on top of me, I held her by her ass and continued to lick and suck. I wanted all of her juices and when she was able to stand again, I opened her engorged lips like flower petals, then stuck my face right in the middle of her, all the while I kept licking up her flowing juices like it was the nectar of the gods. Finally, Phoebe cried,

"Stop George I can't take anymore I think I am going to faint."

She pulled her skirt off of my head as I still kept licking. At last, I stood my face shinny and wet. She began kissing me, then licking her own wetness off my cheeks. My cock was standing out strait pushing my sweats out like a tent pole. She giggled like a teenager,

"I can't leave with that thing sticking up like that. I am just too sore to fuck again, let me see what I can do."

She knelt in front of me while pulling my sweats down to my ankles. As she swallowed my cock right down to my balls, I held her head and started fucking her mouth, I was concerned she might gag but no, she kept swallowing my cock as I kept moving in and out of her mouth. I looked down and our eyes locked as I saw her luscious red lips wrapped around my cock. That was all it took I came in torrents. She took it all not spilling a drop. Then she stood and kissed me deeply, I could taste my sperm on her tongue but I didn't care. Kissing her was like an aphrodisiac, I could not get enough. At last she pulled away and again said,

"I have to go, I can't take anymore, you have exhausted me."

After Phoebe left I glanced at the clock, I had to get up to go to work in less than an hour. I could not believe it, we had fucked all night. I decided not to go to bed; I would never get up in time to go to work. As soon as I thought about work, I thought about my wife. Oh, my god I forgot about my wife! How could I look her in the eye and she not know what I had done? As long as we had been married we had not strayed, we were loyal to each other. Julie liked to tease me about other girls, asking me if I wanted to get into their panties. It was a large part of our lovemaking, fantasizing about bringing other people into our bed. However, it was never real only fantasy, now not only had I strayed I had used our bed with my wife sleeping right next to us.

I went to our bedroom and was happy to find Julie still sleeping. (Or was it, passed out?) I looked at our bed, what a mess, it was still wet from our mingled sweat and juices, and the aroma was still arousing to me. I felt a tingle in my groin, I told myself to straighten up, I had work to do. I pulled the covers up to try to hide the wet sheets. Next, I jumped in the shower, as much as I hated the thought I had to wash off some of Phoebe's scent. As I washed my cock and balls, I got another erection and couldn't stop myself from jacking off again. I jumped as the shower door opened and Julie got in. She looked terrible and I knew she had a bad hangover. (has anyone ever had a good hangover?) She leaned against the shower and started peeing; it blasted against my legs in a steady stream.

"I'm sorry honey, I just have to go. I feel so bad that I passed out on you last night. Here let me do that for you."

She started to rub my cock leaning in to kiss me with the worst case of morning breath I had ever smelt. She saw me frown,

"Sorry, I haven't brushed my teeth yet, why don't I do it this way."

She knelt down and took my cock in her mouth. I kept looking at her, daintily sliding my penis in and out of her mouth, and then she would just lick the tip with a kiss. It felt really good, but I could only think of Phoebe hungrily swallowing my whole cock, and when I thought of that, I came just as Julie was kissing the tip, spraying cum all over her face. She stood up washing her face off in the shower. 

"Honey I don't even remember us making love last night but by the look of the bedclothes we must of had a good time."

"At least I had a good time you were just about out cold." I answered truthfully for probably the only time today. 

As we got dressed Julie talked nonstop about our new neighbors,

"I'm so happy they live next door, I already love Phoebe. She is like the big sister I never had."

I was thinking, yeah if you have an incestuous relationship with your big sister.

"I'm thinking more like the older girl who lived next door."

"No George, big sister, she has already told me more than any neighbor wood."

"Like what?"

"I'll tell you when you get home tonight; I've got to get ready for work. Don't wear yourself out today George I've got plans for you."

I was already worn out, but I didn't say anything. We kissed goodbye and left for work at the same time.

My day at work was much lighter that the day before, (that was just a day ago?) I even got home early. Julie was already home and had changed into a sexy little shift that showed her long legs and a pair of sandals that showed off her red toenails.  

"You sure look sexy in that little dress."

She spun around for me giving me just a glimpse of the black thong she was wearing.

"I glad you like it, did you see my new pedicure? I got it at lunch today. Now hurry up get ready, put on something nice, we are going next door for cocktails. I can't wait I want to get a look at Phoebe's house."

I couldn't wait either but all I wanted was to get a look at Phoebe. I changed into slacks and a silk shirt that Julie got me for my birthday.

"Honey that looks really good on you, I like the loafers, they give you that casual rich look."

As we walked down the path to the neighbor's condo I noticed I was filled with mixed emotions. On the one hand as I thought seeing Phoebe I could feel myself getting firm in anticipation, but on the other hand I was worried about being around her in front of my wife, and her husband. Could I trust myself to control my urges in front Julie, I would have to be careful not to drink too much. Julie put her arm through mine and leaned her head on my shoulder. I thought I heard her sigh then she said,

"Isn't Phoebe sexy? I mean she is just so comfortable with her body but I guess if I had a body like hers I would feel comfortable too."

"Julie do you know she helped get you undressed and into bed the last night? As she saw you naked on our bed she told me she was jealous of your body."

"She saw me naked? George you're lying, there is no way she could be jealous of skinny me."

"Not only that she told me she loved your 'landing strip' and wished John would let her shave hers." 

We had to stop our conversation as we were at their front door. As I rang the bell, Julie whispered in my ear,

"Why did you tell me that now, I am so embarrassed how can I face..."

Before she could finish, Phoebe opened the door. She welcomed and let us in then hugged my wife as she kissed her on the lips; she held the kiss for a beat. Next I received the same treatment as she kissed me she slipped her tongue in my mouth, this was going to be a long evening. We walked to the living room to find John sitting at their bar next to a frosted pitcher. He reached behind the bar to a little refrigerator and took out four frosted glasses; he filled them and passed them around.

"I hope you like martinis? That's my specialty and I think I make the best."

Julie said, "I don't know, martinis are so strong, I don't want to end up like last night."

She took a sip then smiled,

"Your right John these are the best, they're so cold."

John told her he would watch Julie to make sure she didn't drink too much, then poured us each another round.

Phoebe offered Julie 'the grand tour' and took her by the arm as they headed for the kitchen.

"John, your place looks so much bigger than ours, and this view of the city is spectacular."

"Thanks, we bought this place more for the view than anything else. Latter we bought the place that adjourned ours, really just for the privacy but after we tore down a few walls it turned out nice."
