 George's pager went off at 2:30 a.m. Sunday morning, waking him from a particularly good dream in which he was watching his wife Jenny go down on Sam, the girl who had been living with them for a semester now. The dream was quite vivid since he had witnessed that exact scene only hours before. Smiling to himself at his good fortune, it was with a surprisingly chipper attitude that he called into work. That soon changed, though, when he heard the operator tell him a client was having a major issue and it would have to be resolved immediately.

Kissing his wife lightly on the forehead and squeezing Sam's tit lightly – she had taken to sleeping in their king bed with them the last few weeks, and who was he to complain – George threw on some running shorts and a t-shirt and drove away to the office. Pulling up he noticed only one light on and a couple of cars in the parking lot – one he did not recognize and the ever-present cleaning van. The cleaning crew always started to trickle in around 8 or so, and unfortunately George had had to work that late on several occasions so he was familiar with most of the crew. On the bright side, though, George never got tired of seeing the cleaning girls. All Hispanic, their dark hair and complexion contrasted with the Midwest farmers' daughters he had grown up around and was currently sleeping with. Each of the girls had dark, mysterious eyes and wore tight jeans that did nothing to hide the fact that they all sported plump, round asses. Even the plain uniforms they wore seemed flattering to their ample chests. George freely leered at them when they bent over to grab his trashcan, but never got more than a 'Gracias' from any of them.

Exiting the elevator on his floor, George noticed that the light he had seen from outside was actually coming from a conference room on his floor. Realizing that anyone else stuck here in the middle of the night was probably working on the same problem, George strode over to the door, knocked lightly, and pushed it open.

He was not prepared for what he saw. In front of him he saw the back of a naked man pumping away into some unseen woman. George dropped his bag in shock, and the man turned to look over his shoulder. George recognized him immediately as the owner of the company, Mr. Carter. Without breaking his rhythm, Mr. Carter motioned for George to come over to the table. George walked over and saw that the mystery girl was actually one of the cleaning crew. Wearing nothing more than a look of lust, her eyes were closed and she had apparently not heard George enter the room. From his vantage point, George saw that if she looked good in clothes, she was simply amazing now. Her round, full ass was jiggling as Mr. Carter's balls rhythmically slapped against her pussy lips. Her large, swaying tits banged against the table with every thrust of Mr. Carter's obviously well proportioned cock. It was all she could do to hold on to the edges of the table so that her head didn't slam into the table with each pounding jolt.

Pointing to the girl on the table, Mr. Carter then motioned to his mouth. George got the gist – he was telling him to stick his cock in this girl's mouth. Already hard from the sight of this hot pussy getting fucked, George pushed his shorts down to his knees and sidled up to the girl. Mr. Carter took her by the hair and pulled her head up. Her eyes shot open and darted from George to Mr. Carter, then straight to George's cock. Evidently no more communication was needed before the girl engulfed George's cock in one motion. Nuzzling her nose in George's abs, the girl starting to pump her face up and down on George's hard prick. Mr. Carter let her get going on George's cock before he started pumping again. The girl's pussy was sopping wet and Mr. Carter's cock made sloshing sounds each time he slashed into her cunt. George could see a pool of their mingled juice forming on the table. The girl started to slow down on George's cock as she neared her own orgasm. George grabbed her by the hair and forced his cock even farther down her throat. The girl screamed around George's cock as Mr. Carter started to fill her up with his cum. This sent George over the edge and he pulled out, shooting streams of thick white cum all over the girl's face. Collapsing on the table, the girl breathed heavily, large drops of cum streaking her face dribbling into her open mouth.

"George, surprised to see you here," said Mr. Carter as he sank into a leather chair.

"Mr. Carter, sir," said George, suddenly remembering to have some form of manners despite what had just happened.

"Shit, man, call me Al," said Mr. Carter with a laugh. "After sharing a slut, we're definitely on a first name basis."

"Sure, Al," said George, grinning a little.

"Oh – this is Connie. Quite the piece of ass, huh?" said Al, slapping Connie on the ass, making her tits jiggle. Connie just opened one eye and flipped him off, grinning herself. "At night, seems like none of these girls can speak a lick of English, isn't that right Connie?"

"Si Senor," she said, nodding in mocking deference.

"But cock sucking knows no language barrier," said Al with a leer.

"No it doesn't stud," said Connie with a heavy accent. "Now are you two going to finish my shift or do I have to actually clean tonight?"

"You're not going anywhere, bitch," said Al, grabbing her leg and pulling her over to him. Connie sat up and wrapped her legs around his ass, pulling her pussy level with Al's large cock. "But first thing's first. Connie, you're going to tell your girls that George here is to get anything he wants – the presidential treatment. Put it all on my tab. Got it?"

Connie gave George a once over, stopping to look at his now hardening dick. "Sure thing, boss. I like the look of that cock – I think he's even bigger than you." And turning back to Al she laughed at his hurt look. "Don't worry – you still fill me up...but Senor George might be just the stretching I need."

"Well, George, what do you say? Are you in?"

As an answer, George pulled his shirt off and stepped out of his shorts. "Anything for the company, sir," he said with a smile, looking deeply into Connie dark eyes.

"Glad to hear. If you don't mind seconds, Connie seems to be ready to go again."

George didn't need more prompting. Al stepped away and George stepped into his place, his cock coming to rest on Connie's pussy lips. Her lips were completely soaked from her recent fucking, and cum was dripping from them. Trimmed shorter, Connie's pussy was certainly different than the shaved ones George saw every day at home. Connie's hair was dark and covered her lips completely. Looking up from her pussy George saw Connie's gaze was on his eyes. Her deep eyes making his cock twitch, George reached around and grasped Connie's round ass. Squeezing it hard, George pushed his cock deep into her pussy, gliding easily all the way in until his balls came to rest on the table beneath the two of them. Hearing Connie's sharp intake of breath was the only encouragement needed for George to slide his dick all the way out again, his cock head resting against Connie's pussy lips, then plunge it deep into her again. These long, smooth strokes continued, Connie starting to shudder and George picking up speed as his long cock slid deep inside of her.

Suddenly George felt a tap on his shoulder. He had almost forgotten that Al was in the room. Thinking Al meant that he wanted to take over, George started to step away but Al quickly waved that off. "No way, man, you're doing great. I just want a little piece to tide me over. Why don't you get up there on your back and have that whore ride your dick. I'll do the rest."

George picked up Connie, still impaled on his dick, and sat down on the table. Sliding himself back and laying down, George reached up and tweaked Connie's nipples. Connie bent over, bringing her knees up along side of George chest as she straddled him. Connie was slowly sliding up and down George's dick as George felt a strange sensation. It felt like Connie's pussy was growing tighter and tighter, and soon George felt like it was actually pressing against his dick. Looking over Connie's shoulder George saw Al behind her. George realized he was feeling Al's cock through the thin pussy layer that separated Connie's asshole from her pussy. As Al pulled out, George pushed deeper in, and Connie couldn't do anything but moan her approval. "Yessss.....YESSSS.....YEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!" The three had an instant rhythm, Al's cock sliding into Connie's tight asshole when George was pulling his dick out of Connie's pussy. The two men could only take a few minutes of this intense sensation, and Al was soon grunting.

"Rgggh, are you ready to spray this slut, George?"

George was more than ready, so he pulled Connie off of the two cocks and stood up next to her. Al stood up next to him as Connie grabbed their cocks. Looking up into their eyes in turn, Connie licked her lips. "These huge cocks had better have huge loads, because I'm hungry for some cum." That put them both over the top, and stream after stream of cum jumped out of their dicks, spraying Connie's face and hair with long strands of cum.

When the two cocks were spent, Connie let them go and reached up to wipe the dripping cum from her face. "Mmmm, tasty," she said as she licked cum from her fingers.

George pulled on his shorts and t-shirt. As Connie grabbed Al's dick and started to stroke it back to life, she looked up into George's eyes. "Adios, Senor," she said she a smirk. "Let me know when you need a good fuck. I'm sure the girls will all be lining up after I tell them about tonight."

And with a smile, George walked out of the conference room. These late nights wouldn't be so bad after all...