 Several years ago, my wife and I vacationed in Europe for two weeks. I knew that Europeans tend to be more casual about nudity and sex than Americans are, but I was still unprepared (as was my wife) when we decided to visit a spa (called "bad") in Germany. We took a tram up the side of a steep hill to the top and looked down over a beautiful view and a large pool with an even larger deck. 

"Oh my God," my wife exclaimed as she saw that almost all of the women were lying topless on the deck or soaking that way in the pool. 

"The men aren't shy either," I replied as we saw several fellows wearing tiny Speedo type suits that did little to hide their various packages. 

"When in Rome, they say," I whispered to her and she punched my arm. 

"No way," she countered, "we have our suits." 

After paying the entry fee, we went to separate changing rooms and stowed our gear. Then, out onto the deck to find a couple of loungers and put our towels down. It was sunny and nice, so we took a dip in the pool and I enjoyed the scenery. As some of the men got out of the water, I noticed my wife glancing at their tiny wet Speedos and tanned bodies. I smiled to myself. 

Bare breasts and barely-concealed dicks surrounded us, but my wife refused to remove her top. Even a rather mature and obese woman, with rolls of fat, slipped off the top of her one-piece and exposed her pendulous tits without a care in the world. My wife was just about the only woman at the spa wearing her top. 

Later, I got up to find the restroom and buy a couple of sodas. There was a line at the refreshment counter, so I was gone for a while. 

When I returned, I was happily surprised to see that my wife had unclasped her top and was lying on her tummy sunning. She thanked me for the soda and leaned up on her elbow to take a sip. I could see part of her pink nipple peeking out as she moved, but I doubt that anyone else noticed. 

"Here, I'll put some lotion on your back," I volunteered, and she nodded slightly. 

I worked the lotion into her back and shoulders and then down to the edge of her suit bottoms. My slick fingers slid under her waistband and I managed to expose a bit of white flesh. I left her exposed and moved to her legs. My lotioned hands moved over her calves and knees, and then I took my time rubbing it into her thighs. She moaned softly and I managed to spread her legs apart enough to reach up to her suit and press my hand against her soft mound. 

I decided to take a chance. "Shall I do your front side now?" I asked softly. 

"Mmm, I guess so," she murmured and then she began to turn over. 

I fully expected her to hold her top to her as she turned, and I was pleasantly surprised when she left her top on the towel and flipped over, exposing her 38C breasts to me and to whomever happened to notice! 

I stayed at her feet and slowly applied lotion to the front of her legs, sliding my hands up to again bump into her mound. She didn't object, so I became braver. 

I moved beside her and put lotion on her shoulders and chest, sliding my hands along the outer edges of her lovely tits, then across her slightly rounded tummy. After several trips across her body, I added more lotion and let my hands cover her soft tits and erect pink nipples. She had her eyes closed and a wicked little smile told me she was now enjoying my efforts. 

I worked my fingers under the front of her suit and again moved the suit down to expose a strip of very white skin. Using long strokes, I managed to move her suit down until it was just a fraction of an inch below the area sparsely covered by my wife's light brown bush. I'm sure she had no idea that she was that exposed, or that my cock was now exceedingly stiff. 

I enjoyed a real vacation first, my wife lying topless with the edge of her bush exposed at a public spa, with quite a number of almost naked men strolling by her. I put the top back on the lotion and rolled over to lie on my belly, to hide my stiffness and give others ample time to ogle my attractive wife. 

I dozed off for a few minutes. When I woke, my wife was sitting up in her lounge chair watching the people in the pool. She saw me stir and told me it was time to shower off the lotion and take another dip in the pool. We stood and, without picking up her top, strolled together across the deck to the community shower area to clean off the lotion. I loved watching her breasts sway as she walked, and I noticed that when we were clean, her bottoms were even lower than before and the back of her suit was bunched up in her crack. She didn't bother to adjust her suit. 

We lolled in the pool for quite some time together, smiling and talking about how nice it felt to be together like that. 

"I saw that they also have a steam room," I said, testing her willingness. 

"Does it cost extra?" she asked, appearing curious. 

"No, we've already paid our daily fee, so we can go try it if you like." 

"What do we have to do, then?" she asked. 

"Just go to the changing rooms and remove our suits is all. You just wear a towel in the steam room I think." 

She thought for a moment. "Well, like you said, 'When in Rome...' we'll have towels, right?" 

"Yeah, you'll have your towel," I assured her.

Finding that my wife was actually willing to try the spa's steam room wearing only a towel, I quickly began to move out of the pool. She followed along behind me, back to our loungers. I noticed that several men and one woman watched her step, dripping wet and topless, from the pool. 

"We can just leave our things here on our chairs," I told her. "They'll have fresh towels for the steam bath." 

My wife picked up her suit top and put it back on before walking the 100 feet or so back to the building that housed most of the facilities. We checked in with the steam room attendant and, sure enough, she smiled knowingly and gave each of us a large, fluffy towel. We adjourned to the changing rooms to stow our suits, and we met at the entrance to the steam room. 

"You look great in that towel," I told my wife. "You did remove your suit didn't you?" 

"Well, yes, I did and it feels a little weird," she replied with a little grin. 

I opened the door and used my hand on the small of her back to guide my wife into the steamy room. There were two levels of tiled benches in the rather large space. We sat on the lower level near the door at first, just to get our bearings. Low voices speaking German told us that we were not alone. 

The steam cleared somewhat and we saw four people perched across from us on the upper level, chatting together quietly. They fell silent for a few moments as they appraised the newcomers. 

"You are Americans," the tall, lanky fellow said confidently in accented English. 

"Why yes," I responded. "How did you guess?" 

All four of them chuckled at my answer. 

"You both are wearing your towels," he observed. "It is easy to spot Americans, you know." 

I heard my wife draw a deep breath as the steam cleared more and she saw that all four of our roommates were sitting on their towels, stark naked! 

I also observed that our talkative friend, dark-haired, thin and boney, was sporting an impressive and uncut cock with equally heavy balls. Now, I am about 7 inches when stiff, rather thick, and cut. He appeared to be at least 7 inches long while flaccid. I could only guess how much he would grow when aroused. I think the foreskin made him look even bigger. 

It dawned on me that we were experiencing two more firsts on this European vacation. This was our first time in a public steam room, and I realized that it was the first time my wife had ever seen an uncut cock! 

I think our new friend sensed the situation. He casually propped his feet up on the edge of the tile bench, letting his entire package hang over the edge, which enhanced my wife's view. 

Glancing to his left, I quickly looked at his wife. She was blonde and curvy, with pendulous breasts topped with rather large, pink nipples that pointed directly forward. She had her legs crossed, so it was impossible to tell if she was a real blonde-haired woman or not at that point. She smiled and our eyes met. It was obvious that she was checking me out as I was ogling her naked charms. 

The other woman spoke in German and all four of them chuckled and shook their heads at their private joke. 

"So sorry," the skinny fellow apologized, "Helga was just saying that we must be a shock to you," he added with a hand gesture toward the other couple. "You see, we are good friends and we come here often for the steam bath and the pool. It is nice, we think, to be open with our friends, although we know you sometimes have different ideas." 

"This is our first time," I confirmed. "We decided to visit a spa on the spur of the moment. We didn't know about this steam bath until we checked in earlier." 

My confession seemed to break the ice. The skinny guy and his wife moved near us on our side of the lower level and their friends moved to the lower level across from us. 

"I'm Eric," the skinny fellow said as he stuck out his hand. 

"Ken," I replied as I shook his hand. "This is my wife, Barb," I added. 

Eric sat down next to Barb, giving her a very close view of his nude body. 

"And, I am Anna," his wife announced as she plopped down next to me. "Our good friends are Helga and Willie," she added as she motioned toward the other couple. 

We all smiled and said hello to one another. The atmosphere was very friendly and I felt my initial nervousness subside. One glance toward the tile floor confirmed that Ann was, indeed, a true blonde! She had a thick tuft of blonde hair nestled just above her bare mound, which seemed to add a degree of 'character' to her otherwise bald pussy. 

Helga was quite different from her friend, Anna. Helga was petite, with long black hair and tiny cone-shaped breasts with small, dark, prominent nipples. It appeared to me that she never shaved anything, because she had a thick bush with a dark line that reached to her belly button. Her armpits and legs were also completely natural. 

Willie was a stocky brown-haired fellow with a tanned, muscular build and a short appendage peeking from a thick mat of pubic hair. He smiled constantly and soon began to take part in the conversation as well. 

We continued to chat for some minutes, discussing where we were from in the States, and where we had traveled so far. Two other couples entered the steam room at different times, but they moved to the far end, silently disappearing into the steam. 

It turned out that our four new friends were also neighbors and had become close over the years. "How close?" I wondered as we continued to talk.

I began to feel uncomfortable, wrapped in my towel while the others were openly and casually nude. "When in Rome...," I again said to myself and I tried to stay 'cool' while I slowly pulled my towel away and let it fall to my sides. 

I watched my wife out of the corner of my eye to gauge her reaction to my unveiling. I could tell that she noticed, but she didn't object or ask me to cover up. I took it as a good sign. 

My bunched up towel was between Anna and I, so she moved away slightly to allow more room. As she did so, she turned toward me and propped her right leg up on the bench, fully exposing herself. It seemed to be a natural thing for her to do when trying to talk to someone, but it caused my warm, limp cock to twitch slightly. 

"It is very refreshing to sit in this steam for a while, then to take a plunge into the cold tub next door," Anna commented to me. 

"I didn't know there was a cold pool," I replied, genuinely unaware. 

"Oh yes, you must try it," Helga added, "it is very refreshing, but it makes everything shrink up." 

We all laughed at Helga's remark. I noticed that she was also gazing at my now-naked form and circumcised dick. 

Barb, Willie, and Eric were happily chatting as I tried to follow Anna and Helga's conversation. Barb's elbow touched my right arm and I looked around just in time to see my wife pull loose her towel and let it fall onto her lap, exposing her lovely breasts and erect pink nipples. Her towel just covered her mound, but otherwise, she was visibly naked while chatting with two strange men. My stomach shook inside with a mixture of emotions, tempered only by the fact that Barb had already paraded topless in front of many others earlier. 

"Who is ready for the cold plunge?" Anna asked nobody in particular. She rose, leaving her towel on the bench, and turned toward the steam room door. 

"Let's all go!" Helga replied as she stood up, eagerly rubbing her rear with both hands. 

Willie and I moved at the same time. Eric stood and reached for Barb's hand. My wife stood and finally revealed what her towel was hiding. Barb looked a bit sheepish as the men glanced down at her half-exposed mound. She lets me trim her light brown pubic hair off her inner thighs and about half way up the sides of her prominent mound. I trim off her longer curls, but leave a one-inch strip of hair along her slit and above. 

I saw the two men smile, then the six of us dashed through the door and walked nude the few steps to the cold plunge. There were two large tubs with water pipes constantly flowing into them. Anna and Helga jumped into the nearest tub and I followed obediently. Eric was holding Barb's hand and he led her to the second tub, along with Willie. 

Cold plunge was an understatement! The water was like ice, but I learned that if you sit perfectly still, you could endure it for more than a few seconds. All three women were squealing and soon we were all back on the wet mats shivering. 

"Here," Anna said to me, "we can warm each other a little." Anna hugged me face to face, while Helga wrapped her arms around me from the rear. I could feel Helga's hard nipples against my back and Anna's soft tits pressing into my chest. It was a pleasant surprise after the icy water. 

Looking over Anna's shoulder, I saw that Eric and Willie were providing a similar treatment to my wife. Eric had his large hands on Barb's ass and Willie was tight against her with his hands between her and Eric. It was obvious that Willie had his hands full of my wife's tits! Adding to my surprise, Barb had her arms around Eric's neck and her face was pressed against his chest. 

The six of us stood, rocking against each other, for a full minute or more, saying nothing. It seemed like some alien bonding ritual to which we were being subjected. Warmth returned to our collective bodies. "Another vacation first," I thought to myself. 

Helga released me. "Back to the heat now," she commanded, and we laughingly hurried back to the steam room. 

By now, Barb seemed completely comfortable being nude with the other couples. We returned to our towels and resumed our conversations. I was so proud of my wife and the way she was responding to our European adventures. I also had to confess that I was enjoying seeing and being seen by other people in such a casual way. 

"Do you like massage?" Anna asked me rather directly. 

"I've had a few back home, sure," I replied. 

"Have you ever had a four hand massage?" Helga then asked, "When two people massage someone," she added. 

"Well, no, I haven't," I admitted. "How about you, Barb?" 

Barb laughed. "You know I haven't, silly," she responded, but it sounds divine." 

"Would you like to try a four hand massage?" Anna asked me softly. 

I was unsure of my ground. What would Barb say? Was she waiting for me to agree so she could have Eric and Willie touch her? If I said no, would my wife be pleased or disappointed? 

I glanced at Barb and saw her incline her head ever so slightly. I read it as her approval and hoped that I was right. 

"It would be a first for me that's for sure," I stalled, and then made my decision. "Yes, I think it would be very nice," I finally blurted. 

Anna smiled and stood. "Here, spread your towel on the bench and lie face down on it. Helga and I will give you a nice sample. It's better on a table or bed, but you can get the idea at least." 

Stretched out on the bench, I couldn't see much of anything in the steamy room, and I know I jumped a little when four delicate hands began to explore my naked body. As hands caressed my upper back, other hands touched my legs and lightly roamed over my butt, causing me to moan low in my throat. 

"That looks yummy," I heard my wife exclaim from very close to my head. Barb was getting a detailed view of the proceedings and she seemed to approve. After that, I became lost in the sensory feelings as four hands traveled up and down my body. 

Someone was straddling my left leg and slowly pulling on each of my toes when I heard my wife groan. It was her pleasure groan and unmistakable. I desperately wanted to look up to see what was happening, but my leg was pinned and other hands were kneading my neck and shoulders. I could only guess what delights Eric and Willie were administering to my sweet wife. 

"Turn over so we can finish," Anna whispered in my ear. 

I did as she asked and slowly rotated onto my back. It was a bit embarrassing to note that my cock was now semi-stiff and no longer lying along my thigh. Anna began to trace lightly her fingertips around my face and press along the outer edges of my ears. She was sitting next to my head and I could detect the sweet scent of her as she deftly manipulated my eyebrows, cheeks, and lips. Meanwhile, Helga's tiny hands were working up my legs as she sat between them, exposing me totally. Her hands pushed against my thighs, repeatedly, and her fingers brushed against my scrotum as she moved up and back inside my legs. As she leaned forward, I could feel Helga's warm breath on my cock...her face was mere inches from my swaying dick. I could feel my breathing become shallow as I waited to see what the two women might do. 

"You like that?" I heard Eric ask softly. 

"Mmm, feels so nice," Barb sleepily replied. 

What were they doing to my wife? I wondered absently as their wives continued to thrill me. 

First, I felt a very light kiss on the head of my erect penis. Then, there was a distinct lick, as a tongue tasted a drop of my precum. 

"May I?" Helga hoarsely whispered. 

I couldn't very well refuse her, now could I? "Okay," I mumbled. My throat was dry. 

Warm lips surrounded my stiffness and a practiced tongue circled the head of my cock. I felt Helga's hair touch my belly as she took me into her mouth and worked to pull on me as she slowly let my cock slide out. 

Anna's fingers left my face and I felt them move between her legs. I opened my eyes and looked up at Anna's swaying tits as she feverishly worked her fingers into her musky slit. 

I saw the top of Helga's head as she moved up and down, and I felt her fingers toying with my swollen balls. It was my wife's muffled moan, which carried me over the edge. She only moans like that when she's having an orgasm. Two strange men were somehow giving her that much pleasure. 

"I'm close," I warned Helga, "look out." 

Helga's hands went to my hips and I felt her slide my cock deep into her throat. I could no longer hold back. I began to squirt cum into the petite woman's willing mouth. Anna moved up and over me, placing her wet, sticky lips on me. 

"Lick me," she demanded...and I did. 

Moments seemed like hours as I lay on the tile bench, recovering from an incredible experience. A four-hand massage by two lovely women was followed by a superb blowjob and the honor of licking one very tasty cunt. 

Anna released my face and Helga moved down so that I could finally sit up and look around. 

My eyes widened as I observed my wife. Eric was between her open legs, avidly licking her sticky mound while holding her ass in his big, boney hands. Her groans were muffled by the fact that she had Willie's short, thin cock in her mouth and was sucking voraciously with her nose buried in his pubic fur. Barb was holding her tits and pulling on her own nipples. As I watched in wonderment, her tummy began to spasm and she flooded Eric with her womanly fluid. Willie could no longer wait and he pulled out, squirting gobs of cum onto my wife's tits and chest. 
