 After my wife died, I continued with my life. I still went to the same places and talked to the same people. One day, as I got my hair cut, things got interesting. 

I always got my hair cut by a barber, Kerry, or his wife, Miranda, who together ran a unisex hair salon. Kerry always seemed a bit effeminate, but due to the sexiness of his wife, I just assumed it was his mannerisms, not his sexuality. He was around 6 foot tall, with sandy hair, and very attractive, and in great shape. 

The wife was a bleach blonde and always flirty with me, even in front of him. She had put on a few pounds in the last few years, but was still a knockout. She has big breasts and, on occasion, seemed to put them in my face on occasions when she, not her husband, was cutting my hair.

On this particular occasion, Kerry was the one cutting my hair. Our conversation turned to my life, which I described as lonely, especially without the intimacy that my wife and I had shared. As he continued to cut my hair, he spoke softly in my ear that his wife, Miranda, might be able to take care of some of my needs. When Miranda walked in, Kerry shared that he had offered her as part of an evening of "relaxation." 

Without saying a word, Miranda took over my hair cut. As she finished up, she pulled my head close to her breasts and spoke softly that she had always wanted to help me "relax." As she pushed them against my face, she added that Kerry has always wanted to try a threesome, and I would be the perfect person, since he is comfortable with me and finds me attractive. I could feel my erection against my jeans. 

Suddenly, she laughed and pulled the cape off me and I jumped up to try and cover my hard on. She laughed and said that supper would be at 7:00 P.M. sharp, tonight, at their place, with relaxation to start immediately after. 

Though I had never been with anyone other than my wife, I was excited by the thought of being with her. Strangely, I was also excited by the thought of seeing Kerry naked and perhaps taking part. 7:00 couldn't come fast enough. I showered and got ready. I drove to their house and Kerry met me wearing shorts and a polo. 

As he let me to the dining room, Miranda met me with a kiss on the cheek. She was wearing a light summer dress and it was clear that though she was wearing panties, she did not have a bra on. I could make out the dark circles of her nipples and tried not to look, so I could avoid a major erection right then.

We had our meal, with small talk, but all of us seemed to eat rather quickly. As Kerry finished cleaning up the dishes, Miranda told me to follow her. 

She led me up the staircase of their Victorian and as I followed her, I could see that at some time during the meal, she had taken off her panties. I could see her plump ass and glances of her pussy lips ahead of me. 

I followed her to the bedroom and she turned, undid two or three buttons, and stepped out of her dress. She stood in front of me naked and her nipples were dark red and already alert. I looked down to see a neatly trimmed bush. Without wasting any time, she slipped off my shirt then my shorts and underwear all at once. My dick was hard as I looked at her. She lay on the bed and invited me to join her. 

As I lay down, I realized that Kerry was now sitting in a chair by the door, and was already playing with his dick, which was at least 8 inches long. I guess he had undressed immediately after we left the dining room and had followed us up the stairs.

I hesitated, but Kerry spoke, telling me to enjoy myself. I began kissing her neck, then her chest. When I got to her breasts, I spent extra time licking and sucking them. I glanced to see Kerry standing naked at the edge of the bed, stroking his big erection. 

I turned my attention back to Miranda. I continued kissing down her stomach to her pussy, which was already wet. As I began to lick her pussy lips, I felt the bed move and Kerry had joined us. He was now working on her tits and before I knew it, he had straddled her head and she was sucking his enormous cock. 

I continued to enjoy myself until Kerry moved off of her. She pulled me up and grabbed my cock, pulling me towards her. I started fucking her and at the same time, Kerry began licking her clit as I went in and out. 

Suddenly, she pushed me out of her and I felt a mouth on my cock. It was Kerry, and he was good. At the same time, Kerry's cock was in her mouth. I knew I was getting close and I said so. Kerry got off of her and told me to fuck her hard. As I began, suddenly he was in front of me and his enormous erection was at my mouth. 

I was so horny that I opened my mouth and started to suck it the way I fantasized of doing many times before. I couldn't take all of it in, but I was trying. Melinda was moaning, ready to cum, as was I. Kerry pulled out, then got off the bed and got behind me. I could feel his hot cock upon my ass, but as I came in his wife, he came on my ass. We all collapsed on the bed. I am looking forward to more haircuts, believe me. I need to relax.