 The orange sun was just about to sink completely into the roaring waves of the nearby beach when the girls arrived at the foot of Alex's property, just at the gate. They were somewhat tired, as they had just been on a flight where they had not gotten any sleep.

"Damn that baby," Anna commented as she fought to stifle a rising yawn. "How did the mother not manage to calm it down for the entire flight?"

Claire nodded in agreement. "I hate crying babies!"

The three girls watched as Alex coded in the security code for the massive dark gate. It creaked, moving slowly as the ornate barrier opened, allowing access to the house. "Welcome to the house!" Alex announced with a grin, stretching out her arms.

"Holy... House? More like a freaking villa!" Claire exclaimed in surprise, incredibly impressed at the structure in front of her.

Alex merely smiled as the girls happily strolled to the front door, where she pulled out a set of keys and pushed them into the lock. On the inside, the house was even more glamorous. With high ceilings and marble floors, it was truly a beautiful sight. The fatigue that had been cast over them was now dispelled by the glamor of the house.

As the girls ooh-ed and ahh-ed about the tasteful decorations and the spectacular paintings, Alex walked around and turned on all the lights, illuminating the mansion. "This is where we'll be relaxing for the next little while..."

"Damn, Alex, this place is really, really nice," Claire gushed. "Is there a pool?"

"Yup, there is. It's right in the back. Want to go see?" When the girls nodded, Alex dropped her bags and began to lead them to the backyard, where what seemed like a million lights lit up an otherwise dark background.

Right in the ground, covered by a tarp, was a large rectangular figure. The girls all helped Alex shift the tarp off the pool ground. Alex flipped a switch, and the girls uttered a collective gasp when the beautiful blue of the illuminated pool came into view. "It should be heated too," Alex grinned. "Not that we need it in this heat."

Claire wasted not a second in pulling off her pure white top, revealing her flirty pink bra. She threw that aside too, and soon enough, her gorgeous body was completely naked. As the girls watched, she dove into the pool, resurfacing with a huge grin on her face. "Come in! The water's fine..." She laughed. Having always been the sexually open one in the group, Claire had no problem with nudity.

"Hold on, let me grab some drinks!" Alex skipped over to the mini-bar, grabbing several beers out of the slick white fridge. "Ice cold!" She exclaimed, passing around the green glass bottles.

"Damn Alex, this place is heaven. Can I stay here forever?" Gabby giggled as she took a swig of alcohol, feeling the icy liquid make its way down her throat.

"Come in, guys!" Claire goaded. "Nothing to be afraid of, it's just a little nudity..." She all but chugged her own drink. Nothing like a good buzz to get things going... Claire laughed.

"Alright, I'm coming in!" Anna chimed in, stripping down to her birthday suit and hopping into the water.

One by one, they all made their way into the pool, smiling as the warm water washed over their bodies. God, it felt so amazing. Alex was the fastest swimmer and they all had a great deal of difficultly catching her after she raced around the pool with a new bottle of beer. Before long, they were all quite tipsy, not completely drunk yet.

They sat in the hot tub, feeling the jets massage their tender skin as they relaxed. "It feels so good to be free, especially after finals and graduation. This was a really good idea, Alex," Anna giggled, her long dark hair in strands around her pretty face. "You always have the best ideas."

"Agreed!" Claire laughed as she held up her almost empty bottle. "To Alex!"

"Guys!" Alex blushed as the other three clinked their glasses together. "I'm just glad you're all enjoying yourselves."

"Of course we are! I mean, look at this place! Gorgeous mansion, sweet pool, hot tub..." Anna let out a satisfied sigh. "Hey, you know what we should do?"

Gabby raised an eyebrow. Anna's ideas were usually wild, but always fun. "What?"

"Let's play truth or dare. Like we used to! It's been so long..." Anna grinned, a look that she knew the other girls couldn't say no to.

"What are we, in high school?" Claire teased. But since Anna looked so happy she decided to just concede. "Okay, okay, let's play."

"Let me go first!" Anna exclaimed, her face red from the effects of the alcohol and the heat of the hot tub. She turned towards the long haired brunette to her right, Claire. "Claire... Truth or dare?"

Claire was an adventurous one, and Anna knew what she would pick already. "Dare," Claire cheerfully exclaimed, causing a knowing smile to play on Anna's lips.

"Okay, okay, I dare you..." Anna started as she pointed a perfectly manicured finger at Claire, then moved to point to Gabby, "to kiss Gabs." Anna giggled as she watched Claire's expression change into one of amusement.

"Alright, fine," Claire laughed too, moving closer to the pretty Filipino girl, who stared at her friend with big round eyes. "Ready?"

"When you are."

Claire pressed her lips to Gabby's wet ones, and pulled away within a second. "Okay, it's done!" She called to Anna.

"Doesn't count!" Anna shook her head. "Give her a real kiss!"

Claire sighed as she turned back to Gabby, and with surprising force, crushed her lips onto Gabby's, tasting the alcohol as their mouths opened and Claire's small pink tongue snaked between the lips. They continued to kiss for more than five seconds, and when Claire finally pulled away, Gabby was breathless.

That kiss was something Gabby had wanted for a very long time. She had always had a thought in the back of her mind that she was attracted to women instead of men, but she had never told anyone. And now, in this hot tub with three of the sexiest girls she knew and one of whom she just made out with, she was feeling quite overwhelmed.

"Are you okay, Gabs?" Claire asked before taking a swig of her drink, once she had settled back into her spot. "Hope I didn't hurt ya."

"I-I'm fine," Gabby managed to stutter out, wanting only Claire's lips back on hers. God, I'm going crazy. Must be the alcohol, she thought as she realized she had finished her bottle.

"My turn, right?" Claire smiled as she selected her next target, the most reserved of the four, Alex. "Alex~" She called in a singsong voice.

"Uh oh," Alex mockingly grimaced. "Yeah?"

"Truth or dare!"

"Truth."

Anna rolled her eyes. "Come on, Alex, that's no fun!"

But Alex refused to budge. "Truth," she repeated.

Conceding, Claire thought up a question. "Okay, tell me, have you ever thought about having sex with any of us? Be honest!"

"Um... I can't say I haven't thought about it..." Alex said, her cheeks growing hotter as she blushed, the red color in them now not only from the hot tub. "Just... not that much..." Her lips trembled as she took a drink of the alcohol, hoping that the girls wouldn't ask her anymore about her fantasies.

"Tell us more," Gabby piped up, the alcohol surging through her body, making her feel a little bolder. As she had had her own about the sexy brunette, she wanted so badly to hear Alex's fantasy. She sunk deeper under the water so she could hide her actions. She was pinching at her nipple, the slight pain of it turning her on as she perked her ears for Alex's response.

"It wasn't anything special..." Alex flushed as she said it, but the interested looks from her best friends spurred her on. "It was just, um, you guys pleasing me with your tongues and hands..."

Gabby thought about touching Alex, and a trickle of arousal ran through her body. No, Gab, she said it was just a fantasy. Control yourself, she instructed, but she couldn't stop the twinge of sexual need from running through her.

Alex looked right at Gabby, prompting the Filipina to immediately look away. "Gabby! Don't think you can avoid being asked by looking away!" Alex teased. "Truth or dare!"

Gabby was afraid of being asked to tell the truth, which resulted in her being incredibly nervous and red. I guess I'd better pick dare. "D-d-dare," she stammered.

"Okay, okay, how about we spice things up? I dare you to play with one of the Jacuzzi massage jets..." Alex chuckled, part of her wanting to see Gabby's body twisting and turning in the throngs of orgasmic bliss.

"Umm..." Gabby murmured. "Are you sure?"

"Go on!" Claire goaded, giggling as she watched the dark-skinned girl brush a wet lock of dark hair behind her ear.

Gabby nodded. "Okay..." She set her beer down onto the side of the tub, and spun her body around, positioning herself right where the jet was. As soon as Alex flipped a switch, the intensity of the massager grew two fold, and Gabby's moans started along with it. "Oh, God!" Gabby cried out, unable to contain her own noises, surrendering to the pleasure of the jet.

Her pussy twitched as she arched her back, seemingly riding the torrent of water gushing out towards her. Alex watched Gabby move, mesmerized by the sight of the curvaceous woman. The other girls were quiet as their eyes also focused on the Filipina. She was beautiful, there was no denying that.

Completely focused on Gabby's body, Claire hadn't noticed that her fingers had crept down, and had been unconsciously rubbing against the sides of her bare labia. Her thumb rubbed against her clit, feeling the delicious tremble of excitement trickle through her. The more she watched Gabby, the greater the feeling to touch the writhing woman grew.

"Damn!" Gabby let out, the rising orgasm ripping through her, overloading all her senses. The thought that it was embarrassing that all of her closest friends were watching her masturbate and orgasm didn't even cross her mind. She was solely focused on the pleasure that was shooting straight through her body.

"Damn indeed..." Anna quietly repeated in a whisper.

Gabby was unable to control herself from climax, allowing herself to relax fully when the wave hit her like a brick. She threw her head back, eyes pressed firmly shut, focusing all of her energy on her pulsing pussy. Claire began to rub herself harder, faster, as she tried to remain inconspicuous.

Gabby moved her head back, her cheeks reddened and her face slightly matted with sweat. "God, that was..."

"Good dare, Alex," Anna laughed. Gabby was returning to normal, and Alex flipped the switch that returned the jet to its normal settings. "Gabby, it's your turn!"

Gabby ran a hand through her wet, dark hair, eyeing down Anna. "Since you haven't done anything yet... Anna, truth or dare!"

"Dare!" Anna answered almost instantly, as she had been hoping she would be the next to go. She was eager to play, her libido humming for stimulation.

"Since I had to cum..." Gabby thought about it for a moment, noting that Claire's hand was suspiciously buried under the water, touching at something Gabby could only guess was her pussy. Hmm... How about they give Claire a little show? "I dare you to make Alex cum!" The girls all knew that Alex was the shyest of them all, and they all watched her intently to see how she would react.

When Alex's name was mentioned, she blushed profusely. "Really? Me?" She pointed at herself.

"Of course! Since you said you had fantasies about us, why don't we make them come true?" Gabby was really on a roll now, getting more excited the more she thought about it.

"Deal," Anna said with a grin. Slowly, she moved through the water towards Alex. "Sit on the ledge!"

"Okay..." Alex obliged, hoisting herself up onto the side, her bare pussy now in plain view. "God, stop staring guys! It's so awkward," she exclaimed, flushing. But the alcohol in her body was taking effect, and she found her resistance weakening. It was true she had had fantasies about this situation...

"We're all friends here, come on!" Claire goaded, wanting herself to get a taste of Alex's pink, wet pussy. All in due time, she thought. For now, she would enjoy the view.

Alex watched, trembling from the temperature difference in the wind as Anna moved closer and closer. Anna's dark eyes never left Alex's orbs, not even when she took that first electrifying lick of Alex's pussy.

"Shit!" Alex called out. Somehow, that one lick had felt so incredibly good, and left her wanting much more. 

Anna's lips twisted into a cheeky grin before opening once more, and she used the tip of her tongue to push at Alex's aching clit. Alex held in another loud moan when she felt Anna draw circles, just teasing her.

"Wow, Anna, you're really good at this!" Gabby commented, having moved closer so she could get a better view.

Claire had done the same, and was now trying to pleasure herself as subtly as possible, but finding it nearly impossible to keep her mouth shut. She clamped down on her jaw firmly.

Anna dove between Alex's pussy lips, penetrating Alex's pussy just enough for her to feel it, but not enough for her to be satisfied. Alex groaned, frustrated that Anna wasn't giving her enough. "More," she breathed out before she could stop herself. "More..."

"Patience, Alex..." Anna laughed, but she knew she had teased Alex enough. Slipping her fingers into her mouth, Anna coated them with her own saliva, hoping it would be sufficient lube for her next act.

Acting innocent, Anna merely smiled before pushing the two digits straight into the depths of Alex's spongy, wet cavern. The moan that Alex let out was pure heaven to her ears. When Anna probed deeper, curving the slim fingers, Alex's hands reached down to grip at the sides of the hot tub, allowing the heated water to slosh all over them.

"Damn, Anna..." Alex groaned. The feelings of pleasure only increased when Anna returned to suckling on her clit. Her chest heaved as she gasped for breath, practically panting at this point from the adrenaline pumping through her veins. Her bare breasts glistened with droplets of water that had not yet been absorbed into her skin.

Gabby had been mesmerized by the sight of Alex's writhing body, but she now turned her attention to Claire, wondering what her friend was up to. A look of surprise crossed onto Gabby's face as she realized Claire's arm was furiously moving as Claire watched the two girls. Claire's masturbating?! Gabby thought excitedly.

It was then that Claire notice Gabby had stopped watching the girls and was watching her instead. Her arm stopped moving. "Oh, uh,"

Gabby swallowed hard, mustering up all of her courage. "D-do you need any help with that?" She asked as nonchalantly as she could.

Whatever Claire had been expecting Gabby to say, it wasn't that. Gabby had never shown any inkling of any interest in women. But as the alcohol coursed through Claire's body, she figured, what could be the harm? Gabby was gorgeous, and having her help would be nothing but a treat. "Sure!" Claire smiled brightly, gesturing for Gabby to come to her.

Unbeknownst to everyone else, Gabby had always been interested in girls. Her three best friends, in particular. She had just chosen to remain in the closet, at least for the near future. This chance for her was perfect. She had always had a little crush on Claire, and now the petite brunette was going to allow Gabby to pleasure her!

Gabby waded through the heat, reaching Claire. Urged on by a rush of need, Gabby wasted no time at all in pushing her wet lips to Claire's mouth. Her tongue slipped between the barrier of lips and they shared kiss after kiss as noises of pleasure from Alex filled the background.

Gabby's arms wrapped themselves around Claire's thin neck as she pressed her plump breasts onto Claire's smaller ones, the brown nipples brushing past each other. As the alcohol she had chugged surged through her body, Gabby found herself much bolder, and completely determined to make this a night to remember for the both of them.

Gabby nudged Claire's legs open, running her fingers along Claire's upper thigh, starting from the knee and moving, tickling her way up the tender flesh. Claire trembled when Gabby's digits neared her pussy. Deliberately, Gabby teased Claire, rubbing the lips of Claire's pussy to entice her even further.

Claire gasped sharply against Gabby's lips when Gabby thrust her fingers into Claire's awaiting sex. The brunette shuddered in pleasure, her muscles clenching when Gabby's digits roamed inside of her, searching for that oft elusive sweet spot hidden deep inside Claire's pussy. Moan after moan tumbled out of Claire's mouth as she threw her head back, unable to keep the noises held back.

Claire's moans joined with Alex's, as Anna tongued Alex's clit, spearing it with the tip of her tongue. The ends of Anna's sopping dark hair spread apart in the water, her head bobbing as she pleasured Alex. Her fingers still buried deep within the brown curly haired woman, Anna felt the first twinges of orgasm start, the walls of the pussy closing even more around her damp digits.

Though it were only the starting trembles that Anna could feel, inside of Alex, a tornado of overwhelming pressure was building, threatening to send her over the edge at any moment. Her brain now only focusing on increasing the pleasure she felt, Alex reached for a sizeable breast, squeezing the spongey flesh with power.

Gabby did the same to Claire, the only variation that she also twiddled a plump, protruded nipple, pinching it to add some pain to Claire's pleasure. Claire responded enthusiastically, and the sight of her best friend squirming underneath her because of her was almost too much to bear for Gabby. The more she fondled, the hotter she grew, and Gabby soon felt that she was about to cum, even though she had barely been touched!

Claire noticed the bright color in Gabby's cheeks, and wondered what it would feel like to rub her pussy all against Gabby's. She had never done anything of the sort before, and it looked like it would be very fun to try.

In one smooth move, without giving Gabby any sort of warning, Claire pulled away and hoisted herself up onto the side of the tub before swinging her legs along too, bringing with her a rush of water. A look of surprise found its way onto Gabby's face, as she wondered what Claire had in mind. Was she not good enough? Would Claire rather do it herself? Gabby wondered worriedly.

Claire smiled broadly as she sat down on the towel they had laid out earlier. "Come here!" She laughed, giving Gabby a 'come hither' finger. Gabby more than happily obeyed, clamouring out of the hot tub so fast that she nearly slipped back in.

Claire kept herself propped up as she opened her legs, the water making her skin glisten. "Sit right there," she instructed, and Gabby mimicked the pose Claire was in. "Open..." Claire murmured, prompting Gabby to spread her thighs.

Slowly, Gabby watched as Claire moved closer and closer, until she could feel so clearly the heat radiating from Claire's awaiting pussy. Claire pushed her clit onto Gabby's, and before Gabby could properly comprehend what was happening, a cry escaped her lips when Claire rubbed their pussies together for the first time.

Upon hearing Gabby's cry, Alex turned her head, right as she was in the throes of delight. When her eyes laid upon the wholly naked Gabby and Claire, grinding against each other, both simply squealing, she felt a new surge of arousal run through her. There was something so deeply erotic about seeing the bodies gyrate, each nearing their own orgasm. 

It was definitely better than any video she had ever watched, and Alex stared unashamedly, completely mesmerized by the two girls as her pussy tightened and contracted. Pure bliss washed over Alex's body, and for the briefest of moments, she couldn't breathe as she came.

"Oh God, I want to taste your pussy, Gabby," Alex breathed out, music to Gabby's ears. "Ladies, why don't we take this inside? We can all play on the big fluffy bed..."
