 I was devastated when my boyfriend, Brad, broke up with me. I loved him and thought he loved me. We knew each other so well and had great fun together. There was nothing I wouldn't do to please him. But just like that he told me he wasn't sure he loved me anymore. He broke it off so suddenly and moved on, but I was still hung up on him.

The first time I saw Brad after we broke up was at a party. My eyes brightened when I saw him enter the house, but my heart sank when I noticed he was with another girl. They walked arm and arm, and I realized she must be his new girlfriend.

It certainly didn't take Brad long to get over me and find another girl. As the night went on I became drunker and more jealous. Brad barely paid any attention to me, and seemed very into his new lover. I decided I was going to get back at him. If he didn't want me, I knew lots of his friends would. I would make Brad jealous by fucking his friends.

I settled on Sean, one of Brad's best friends. He was handsome and sexy, and before I started dating Brad I was interested in Sean. I knew he was attracted to me; now it was just a question of getting him.

I walked up to Sean and said, "Can I talk to you? Alone upstairs?"

Sean sensed that I was bothered by Brad and his new girlfriend, so he agreed. I took his hand and led him up the stairs, casting a glance over my shoulder to see if Brad had noticed us. He was looking at us, but immediately shifted his gaze.

Once inside a bedroom, Sean said, "Kristin, I guess it must be tough for you to see Brad with Jacqui."

I sat down next to him on the bed and replied casually, "No, not really. He can have that slut if he wants her. Actually, now that Brad and I have broken up and he has a new girlfriend, I was hoping that maybe you and I could ... could start something up."

Sean looked at me with a combination of guilt and interest. "I don't know. Brad is one of my best friends."

I would not be denied. I wanted to get Brad jealous, and I was now also hot to get fucked by his friend. I had not had sex since Brad broke up with me, and the alcohol and itching between my legs prompted me on. I sidled closer to Sean and rubbed his thigh. 

"Don't worry about that. He's the one who broke up with me, and I want you. I want you so bad," I cooed. I then pressed my lips to his and kissed him. After a moment of hesitation, Sean kissed me back.

We made out for awhile, each of us breathing hard with desire. I then pulled my face back and smiled sexily at Sean. He watched me with wide eyes as I slowly took off my blouse and then bra. 

Sean admired my pert little tits for a moment, then reached up and caressed them. I sighed with lust as his fingers kneaded my firm flesh. I arched my chest and moaned when he began to gently squeeze my spiking nipples. 

Abruptly Sean dropped his hands. "I don't know if I can do this," he stammered.

My body was burning with need. "You can. Don't worry about Brad. Tonight I'm yours," I pleaded. I pushed him onto his back on the bed and before he could react I was unbuckling his pants. I had never acted so brazenly before, but I was so drunk and pissed off at Brad and it had been a long time since I last had sex.

I freed Sean's cock and moaned at the sight of his big, hard erection. I was easy in college and had sex with lots of guys, but the last two years had been spent exclusively with Brad. I had forgotten how exciting it was to be with a new man. And Sean's cock was bigger than Brad's, a nice thick seven inches. I ducked my head down and began to suck on his throbbing manhood.

"Oh, God," Sean muttered as my lips rode up and down his hard shaft.

"Mmmm," I moaned, my mouth salivating around his thick meat. 

I used to suck off Brad often when we first started dating. I like giving head; it's so kinky and erotic. But gradually he seemed less interested in getting blown. And having sex, too. Maybe I should have realized then that things weren't going as well as I had thought.

But things were going well now with Sean. His cock throbbed hotly between my suckling lips, and my pussy seeped with arousal. My eyes hazy with lust, I gazed up at Sean while my mouth bobbed slowly up and down his meaty shaft. He peered down hotly at me, and I knew he was as turned on as I was. 

I slurped on Sean's swollen organ for a few minutes, then decided it was time to have him inside me. I gave his engorged cockhead a saucy lick, then sat up. I peeled off my soaked panties and hiked up my skirt, exposing my furry wet cunt.

"Fuck me, please," I whispered.

Sean pulled me on top of his lap and I moaned when his stiff manhood rubbed against my oozing slit. I reached between our legs and gripped his turgid rod. I jerked on it slowly, then pressed the spongy knob to my slick gash. I sat down on his hard dick and let out a sigh of delight as my hungry cunt was filled with his thickness.

"Oh, so good," I whimpered as my pussy sheath contracted around Sean's hard prong. I squirmed on his lap, enjoying the feel of his shaft pulsating deep inside my churning cunt. I then began to ride the full length of his bloated column of cockmeat, my firm ass smacking against his pelvis each time I became fully impaled.

Sean breathed hard as I bounced up and down on his hardness. He thrust up into me while he rubbed my heaving little chest and gently pinched my throbbing nipples. My entire body shook with desire as my new lover thrilled me.

It was a passionate and frenzied fuck. We did like each other and were friends, but at that moment we were just crazed, primal animals. I writhed atop Sean's muscular body, my frothing crotch humping against his as he drove his thick spike hard and deep into my clasping pussy.

A mighty orgasm began to rumble deep inside my very core. I pounded down harder on Sean's fleshy pole and collapsed on top of him as I came. I bit down on his throat while my cunt spasmed uncontrollably around his plunging member. 

While my pussy creamed over and over, Sean groaned into my ear, "Kristin, are you on the pill?"

I could tell from the way his cock throbbed inside my fucksleeve that he was close to cumming. I had stayed on the pill after Brad and I had broken up, as I liked the way it regulated my periods. I was even more glad at that moment that I had stayed on it, as I desperately wanted to feel Sean shoot inside me.

"Yes," I moaned. "Cum inside me. Fill me with your hot cum." I squealed with rapture when I felt Sean's thick cock balloon inside my cunt and erupt. My pussy clamped down around his flexing organ as he spewed load after load of creamy sperm into my receptive box.

My own orgasm was heightened as Sean's cum splashed against my back wall. When we finally came down from our climaxes, I smiled weakly at Sean and kissed him. He kissed me back tenderly, and we both giggled when his softening cock sloshed out of my soupy hole.

"Thanks. I needed that," I purred as I stroked Sean's wet, rubbery dick. I did need to cum, but fucking Sean also made me feel attractive. My ego had taken a blow seeing Brad with Jacqui, and now I felt better about myself. I was also looking forward to seeing his expression when he saw me and Sean come back downstairs together.

We each got dressed, and I knew Brad would have to figure out that Sean and I had fooled around. He had an angry red hickey on his neck, and I had that just-fucked look, rumpled hair and flushed skin. We walked down the stairs, and I saw Brad looking at us. He seemed a bit upset, but again went back to talking with Jacqui.

How callous he seemed. I was his recent ex-girlfriend and had obviously just gotten fucked by one of his best friends. Yet he still paid no attention to me. I did two more shots of tequila, then flirted openly with Jim, another of Brad's friends. I then asked him to come upstairs with me. I made a little bit of a scene as we left, acting quite seductive, and I was sure Brad saw us.

I had the same trouble convincing Jim to fuck me as I did with Sean. But soon enough he was pounding away into my voracious cunt. His cock slid easily on the slick film of Sean's cum, and he soon shot his own load inside me. I had fucked two different guys in thirty minutes, something I thought I would never be able to do. But the way Brad made me feel I was capable of anything.

Jim and I got dressed, but I left my bra and panties in the bedroom. I wanted to feel free and uninhibited. I fastened only one button on my blouse, showing lots of breast, and sauntered back downstairs with Jim. The guys at the party looked at me with keen interest now, and it excited me. I also liked the smooth feel of my bare pussy beneath my skirt and the obscene knowledge that I was almost naked in a room of men. Cum dripping out of my well-fucked cunt and rolling down my thighs, I smiled sexily as guys came up to me. I was on fire, more wanton than ever before in my life.

Brad frowned when he saw me, but again resumed ignoring me. I did some more shots, then resolved to really get back at my insensitive ex-boyfriend. My head reeling from alcohol and my body aching for more action, I approached a group of guys.

"Hey," I giggled. "I'm kind of bored here. Will you guys entertain me upstairs?"

One of the studs looked at me and smiled, "What do you have in mind?"

I flashed him a seductive grin and replied huskily, "Come to the bedroom upstairs and you'll find out." I then turned and went to the stairs. I lifted my skirt up a bit and exposed my firm, bare ass, and heard the guys hoot with delight. I then went into the bedroom, stripped, and lay down on the bed.

I waited a few anxious minutes, wondering what I was doing. This wasn't at all like me. I was inviting a gangbang with a bunch of men I hardly knew. I was acting like a complete slut, and I loved it. And I knew this would really hurt Brad.

I heard the guys outside the door deliberating.

"Do you think Kristin means it? She's usually so sweet."

"Yeah, she's sweet alright. Sweet face, sweet ass, and I bet a sweet cunt."

"You saw the way she looked at us. She wants it. Now let's give it to her."

Finally the door opened and in came the four guys. They looked at my naked body hotly as I preened on the bed.

"Fuck me," I whispered.

"OK," they said in unison. They closed the door behind them and began to strip. 

I watched them with eager anticipation as they took off their clothes and tossed them in a pile. They then stood around the bed, their hard cocks jutting provocatively towards me. My heart beat with lust; I was actually going to take on all four studs at once.

The guy with the biggest cock knelt between my spread thighs and thumped his meaty log against my dewy mound. I squealed with delight when he shoved his hard, thick pole up my seething twat. I humped my ass off the mattress, skewering my wet, clasping cunt on his giant tool.

The other guys watched their friend fuck me, then one of them knelt by my face and turned my head towards him. I opened my mouth automatically and moaned as he slid his smooth shaft between my lips.

I writhed and moaned deliriously as the two men fucked my mouth and cunt. My lips rode up and down the stiff cock pumping my face while my hips gyrated around the fleshy spike reaming my spasming pussy. I was gorged on cock, in my mouth, my cunt, waiting above me. There was so much hard fuckmeat around me, all waiting to fill my willing holes.

"Hey, Kristin, suck me too," one of the guys said hoarsely as he gripped my hair, pulled me off of his friend's dick, and thrust his cock into my mouth.

"Mmmm," I moaned as I slurped on the new manly offering. The hunk held onto the back of my head and guided it up and down his throbbing shaft.

Feeling neglected, the two other guys took my hands and placed them on their hard pricks. I jerked on their stony members and continued to suck and hump the ones pounding into my face and cunt. I was a trembling mass of molten flesh, overwhelmed by the obscene pleasure of taking on four guys.

"Nice tight, wet cunt," the guy between my legs grunted as he nailed me hard and deep.

"Hurry up and cum, man. I want some of that," the man in my hand breathed.

The men took turns fucking my face, waiting for my pussy to be available. One of them couldn't hold back any longer, though, and cried out as he ejaculated wildly in my suckling mouth.

"Oh, yeah. Drink my jizz, slut," he rasped as his cock swelled between my lips and spewed gobs of sperm down my throat.

"Mmmmph!" I gurgled as I swallowed the creamy ropes of cum. He held my head down on his erupting shaft, so I had no choice but to continue to suck and drink. I gulped down the tangy fuckjuice and greedily breathed in air when he finally pulled his sated organ from my lips.

One softening cock was quickly replaced by a hard one. My mouth gooey with sperm, the other guy began pumping my face with his engorged tool. The guy plugging my cunt then slammed in balls-deep and groaned as he came. I came with him, squealing around the cockmeat stuffed down my throat while my pussy sheath contracted around the thick, discharging member.

The stud filled my cunt with his hot seed, making his own contribution to an already brimming reservoir of sperm. He then pried his slackening penis from my ravaged vagina. I felt empty inside, but there was still more hard cock ready.

The man I was jerking off took his buddy's place. I moaned groggily and allowed him to turn me over on my hands and knees. I then sighed with satisfaction when he mounted me from behind. The guy by my head fed me his swollen cock and I was again filled with dick on both ends.

I rocked back and forth between the two studs. My lips slid down one thick, pulsating shaft, then I bucked back and rammed my enflamed cunt against the other hard slab of cockmeat. I moaned constantly as my fuckholes were pumped full with virile man-flesh. I then came again when the two guys who had already fucked me began to pinch my spiking nipples.

"Christ, just last month I was drinking with Kristin and Brad, and she was the picture of purity. Now look at that slut go. She can't get enough. If I had known how horny she was I would have asked Brad for a threesome," the guy rubbing my tits chortled.

"She may have acted so prim and proper, but deep down Kristin really is a hot slut," the stud reaming my pussy added.

I should have been offended by their demeaning talk, but I couldn't be. After all, I was acting like a bitch in heat. I was the one who instigated the gangbang. And I was loving the constant supply of hard dick, cumming over and over again as the men used me. 

But I also wanted to be a slut. I wanted Brad to hear how many other guys had enjoyed his ex-girlfriend. 

"Fuck her hard, Pete. Each time you really give it to her, she takes me down deep," the guy pumping my face groaned.

The men gripped my head and hips and shoved me back and forth on their engorged staffs. Through my lusty haze I heard the door open and more people come in.

"Yeah, I heard there was a hot chick up here getting banged," someone said.

"Hey, wait your turn," the guy thrusting into me from behind answered. 

It was soon the two men's turn to cum. I gurgled with joy as one shaft flexed between my lips and erupted while the other hosed down the inner recesses of my pussy. I guzzled down the torrent of hot sperm gushing into my mouth while my cunt milked my other lover's throbbing organ.

I then collapsed on the bed exhausted. I looked around and saw three new guys eyeing me lustfully. They were naked and ready to do me. One of them knelt between my legs and thrust his stony dick up my slick fuck tunnel. The other two took my mouth.

Now this was getting out of control. I wanted to get back at Brad and get fucked, but doing seven guys at once was a little much. But I was out of control. I willingly accepted each hard cock that was thrust into my well-used holes.

I don't know how many guys fucked me that night. More men came into the bedroom, and I was passed around like a cigarette. My mouth and cunt were always full with cock, usually at the same time. My stomach was swimming with sperm, and my splayed pussy drooled fuck cream.

I had become more depraved than I thought possible. Any sense of morality or self-respect had vanished. There was no limit to how far I would go to get back at Brad, or to satisfy my raging sexual desires.

I was squatting on top of one stud, riding his huge member, and sucking three cocks by my head when I heard the door open again. I turned to see how many more men had come in to fuck me. But it was Brad and Jacqui.

Brad stared at me stupefied. As I gazed back at him, a thick rope of cum arced out from one of the cocks and splattered against my face. Another guy came too, and streams of creamy jism were soon raining down on me, covering my cheeks, chin, nose, and hair.

I continued to look at Brad as I bounced on the meaty pole pulsating in my cunt and the men coated my face with their sticky seed. I then turned and took one cum-dripping cock in my mouth and slurped up the rivulets of sperm.

"You actually went out with her?" Jacqui said with disbelief.

I heard Brad mutter quietly, "Yes."

I looked at him again and my heart surged with delight when I noticed a pained expression on his face. But he also looked at me with pity and disdain. But I didn't care, so long as I had hurt him. And I had done that.

The guys stopped fucking me for a moment while they looked guiltily at Brad. Brad shook his head, then left. They then looked back at me.

I gazed at my lovers and purred, "Who hasn't fucked me yet?" Nobody spoke up, so I guessed they had all done me. "Well, then fuck me again."

The guys laughed, and my mouth and cunt were again filled with thick cockmeat.

Brad may have felt sorry for me, but I would show him. He would have to live with the knowledge that all of his friends were fucking me. And now that my libido had been unleashed, I was looking forward to doing every one of them.