 I live in a really isolated, rural part of the country as I work for a forestry company. I love my job, but I've come to dread the weekends. I am the only single guy working here so I start feeling very lonely as soon as Friday afternoon arrives.

It's a good hundred miles to the nearest town so I always think twice about driving in. I'm not that crazy about bars but what I miss most is the sex. I think I have a repetitive strain injury in my right wrist from jacking off so much. But the good news is it looks like things are about to change.

Last Friday evening I came home and grabbed a cold beer as usual. I was just about to sit down in front of the television when the phone rang. It was Jack and Susie who lived nearby. Jack worked for the same company as I did and they were ringing to see if I would like to come round for a meal. Well, I jumped at the opportunity to have a little company even though I didn't know them all that well. They were about fifteen years older than I and always seemed so self contained as couple.

I went round and Jack fixed a couple of steaks on the barbecue. Susie made a great salad and made sure I had a cold beer at all times. We chatted, making small talk like you do, and it was all pleasant enough. But then I saw something that made it hard for me to concentrate. Jack was wearing a pair of loose fitting shorts and he was sitting opposite me. When he crossed his one leg over the other I found I could see clear up his hairy thigh. I was looking at a prime pork sword, lazing over two hefty, smooth balls.

Suddenly all my thoughts turned back to sex. I had to cross my legs to hide my growing erection. So I was glad when Susie suggested we go inside and have some cherry pie. After eating the delicious pie we went into the living room and had some cocktails. I found I was really starting to relax and enjoy their company. I wondered why neither of us had made the effort before. And then, at some point, we crossed a line. Susie started getting flirtatious and more and more outrageous.

She suddenly pulled down the top of her elasticised summer dress and flashed her tits at me. They were firm, and pale, with big brown nipples. I felt a sexual heat flush over my face and neck. Once more my cock lurched in my pants. 

'Have a feel.' she purred.

I was stunned and didn't know what to say. I looked over at Jack. He grinned at me and told me to go ahead. Suddenly I saw possibilities of this turning out to be one major party. I gently reached out and cupped her right tit in my hand. I just held it for a few seconds before starting to rub my thumb over her nipple. She sighed softly and moved closer to me. I looked across at Jack and he gave me the thumbs up.

My lust was starting to bubble over. I grabbed hold of both her luscious tits and brought my face down to her left nipple.

'Oh yeah...she likes that.' I heard Jack say as I greedily sucked on her erecting nipple.

I soon had a mini cock in my mouth. I teased it with teeth and tongue until she started to moan. as I switched to her right nipple. She was begging me to fuck her now and I could feel my cock get glued to my underpants from all the love lube that leaked out of me.

I wanted desperately to fuck her but felt it would be going too far so I concentrated on worrying her nipples. But she had ideas of her own and pulled her dress all the way off and pushed my hand down her silky soft, flat belly to her pubic mound. I felt an electric shock go through me as my fingers made contact with her frizzy curls. I looked back at Jack as my finger sought out the warm, wet valley of her sex. Once more he gave me a thumbs up sign. I was actually trembling in anticipation as I stood up to remove my clothes.

As soon as I was totally naked I kneeled before her as she sat on the settee and parted her thighs. He delicious pink folds were crying out for some attention and I greedily buried my face in her twat and ate her out. Her hands held my head fast as I tongue bathed her from ass to clit. I was vaguely aware of her mumbling and moaning and groaning. What spoke loudest was my cock; it was telling me to get in there.

I got up and nailed her in one long stroke. That first feel, of her moist pussy walls closing around my super sensitive cock was out of this world. I was lost in the silken furnace between her legs as her long nails started to rake my back. I could smell green apples in her hair as I pressed my face into it. 

And then it happened. I jumped out of my skin as I felt something warm and wet probing around my ass. With a start I realized that Jack was licking my hole and he was incredibly good at it. The whole area from my asshole to the tip of my cock was on fire, every nerve crying out for release. I felt my chocolate starfish twitch and pucker as his hot tongue probed deeper and deeper. When he pushed a finger into my ass, my asslips greedily pulled it in and I started clenching my ring around it, trying to let him know how good I was going to milk his cock.

He got the message for soon I felt his spongy, warm cockhead pressed against my spit lubed asshole. He gave a gentle shove and his cockhead popped into my hole. I was so horny that he had no trouble sliding all the way home. I waited until I could feel his big pubic bush scratching my soft asscheeks. And then I started to rock back and forth on his steel hard cock; fucking both him and I, and Susie at the same time.

Jack nibbled on my shoulders as I worked his juicy dick in and out of my willing ass while Susie clenched her hands around my upper arms. She was wailing like a stuck pig, while behind me Jack's breathing got heavier and heavier. I could just about feel the sperm churning in my balls. Each stroke now intensified the pleasure I felt and threatened to be the last.

And then I heard Jack panting like crazy. Suddenly a great big void opened up in my ass as he pulled his cock out of me. He groaned as he shot thick, molten man cream all over my back. As soon as the first dollop of sperm rain landed on me I saw stars as my balls erupted deep inside Susie. After a minute or two I pulled out of her and she flicked herself off before Jack licked my cum out of her cunt.

I ended up staying the night and we fucked all weekend long. I can't wait for Friday to roll around again.

END

Copyright 2003 Daniel Blue