 Oliver got the shock of his life when he woke up one morning. He found that his wife had walked out on him. A short note lay on the kitchen table telling him that she would not be coming back. And Oliver had no idea that she had been unhappy with their marriage.

After he got over the shock he tried to get on with his life. The thing he found hardest was the lack of sex. He had always had a highly charged sex drive and the lack of sex now was driving him to distraction. He wanked off to try relieve the pressure in his huge balls, but it wasn't quite the same.

And then one day he found a solution. A new colleague at work invited him round to supper. Toby has a handsome man in his late forties, with dark hair and sky blue eyes. His wife Rose was as pretty and dainty as Toby was rugged and handsome. They both made Oliver feel very welcome in their home and sympathised with him over the break up of his marriage.

The trio enjoyed a good meal with fine red wine. As the evening wore on they all felt relaxed and happy in each other's company. Toby suggested they take another bottle of red wine into the living room. As it was Saturday the next day Oliver was more than happy to agree. Rose told them to go on ahead as she had a few chores to take care of.

Oliver and Toby went in to the living room where Toby showed his guest his vintage model car collection. Oliver imagined that Toby was brushing up against him, but he couldn't be sure. If he was, perhaps it was just the drink talking. Trouble was, Oliver was so horny that any contact felt good. He had never been with another man, hadn't even considered it until now. He wondered what it would be like. All his buddies joked about it, making out like it was so disgusting, but was it really, he wondered.

And then Toby just came out and said it. He told Oliver he wanted to suck his cock. Oliver blushed a deep red and didn't know what to say. He stammered and flustered and didn't actually say anything. Suddenly the door opened and Rose walked in wearing a sexy see through nightie. Oliver's eyes were out on stalks. His cock, already a little hard at what Toby had said to him, now tented his chinos.

'I'll trade you.' said Toby. 'A piece of your cock for a piece of that ass.'

'It's a deal.' replied Oliver. He was so horned up he could hardly talk properly.

Toby wrapped his arms around Oliver in a bear hug and Rose came to join them. She pressed herself against Oliver's back and he could feel her pert tits pushing into him. This forced his hard cock to mash into Toby's firm flesh. Oliver's face and neck were still flushed; his senses were spinning, and he knew he was about to lose control. For a few short second he debated getting back in control but then decided to abandon himself to this sexy couple.

Oliver closed his eyes and felt Toby kissing his eyelids, his eyebrows, licking across his forehead and down his cheeks. It felt so incredibly good; he wondered why he had never asked his wife to try this. And then Toby's tongue entered his mouth. For the briefest moment Oliver resisted, reminding himself that Toby was another man, but then he abandoned himself to the urgency of that kiss. Never in his whole life had Oliver felt as wanted and desired as he did then. And after the low of being dumped it was what he needed.

Rose brought her fingers round Oliver's chest and started toying with his nipples through the fabric of his shirt. Her long nails soon teased them into erection. Oliver reached back and slipped his hand into Rose's panties. Her pubic hairs were damp and he soon found her love slot; it too was wet with desire. He slid a finger into her and groaned out loud. It was his first contact with pussy in ages and he had missed it sorely.

Toby now moved to undoing Oliver's shirt. He ran his hands across Oliver's smooth chest and belly before getting down on his knees and undoing his belt. Oliver looked down to see his chinos dropping to the floor. Toby pulled down his underpants and Oliver's beautiful cock and heavy balls swung free. Oliver was glad that Rose was standing behind him because he just about passed out at the first contact of cock and mouth. He had no idea that a blowjob could be so good. As his slender cut cock head slipped into that warm, experienced mouth he understood that he had been missing something all his life. Toby's used both hands to play with Oliver's large, smooth sperms sacks.

Rose ran her hands down Oliver's sides and he shivered with pleasure. It was as if every single inch of his skin was discovering sex anew. Each and every nerve tingled and was alive to possibility and pleasure. She played with his flat belly and then gripped the root of his man flesh as he husband worked on its tip. Oliver saw Toby's lips moved down the length of his cock until they met Rose's hand and his knees buckled. If Toby didn't stop soon he was going to blow.

'I'm really close.' Oliver whispered urgently.

Toby just increased the pressure of his sucking and second later Oliver blew off a heavy load of warm ball juice into Toby's mouth. Toby came off Oliver's cock licking his lips.

Rose moved over to kiss Toby. Oliver watched as Toby's hands dipped into her panties and she tugged at his clothes. They were both soon naked and Toby picked Rose up and lowered her onto his fat cock. The sight of that thick, reddish brown weapon disappearing into that slick pink pussy got Oliver hard again. He went and stood behind Rose and supported her weight so that Toby could fuck. Toby's low hanging balls bounced up and down on Oliver's cock head as he fucked. Rose leaned back into Oliver for a kiss. Kissing Rose was every bit as exciting as kissing her husband had been. Seeing the two of them being intimate like that got to Toby and he soon spunked off inside Rose's quim.

Rose lay down on the carpet and Oliver got down between her legs. Her pussy was one of the most beautiful he had ever seen: lovely full lips and delicate pink of colour with a pronounced clit. He buried his face in her golden curls and started giving her a tongue bath. She sighed as he worked his magic. As he moved down she opened her legs wider and he started really tongue fucking her. His heart was thumping in his chest, he was so turned on. And then suddenly he felt his butt cheeks being parted and a hot tongue diving in between. It was as if the world had stopped turning! Oliver squirmed his butt about Toby's face, trying to get as much tongue as possible. And at about the same time he started tasting something he had never tasted before. And from his first taste he knew he loved it.

As Oliver lapped at Rose's cunt Toby's spent fuck sauce started to coat his tongue. Oliver's hard cock just about exploded on the carpet. At that moment in time he was the happiest man in the world. He was eating delicious pussy that had an extra treat for dessert and he was being rimmed for the first time. When Oliver felt Toby's finger slide into him he knew he had to have more than that. He wanted to go all the way, try everything.

Oliver flipped himself over on his back and begged Toby to fuck him. He pulled Rose down onto his face and carried on eating her. Her hands teased her large nipples as she experienced one orgasm after another. Toby skilfully applied lubricant to Oliver's virgin ass. He worked his finger in and out for a good ten minutes until he felt Oliver was ready. And then he started feeding him that hard, thick dick.

Oliver let out a groan as his cherry was popped. He wanted to piss, he wanted it to stop, he wanted it to go on, all at the same time. Rose hopped off his face and started to kiss him. His groans were muffled by her sweet kiss. His asshole started to adjust to Toby's girth. His cock, which had deflated on first penetration, now started to get hard again. Toby took hold of it and started playing with it. The pain in Oliver's ass started to ease. After five minutes he started feeling really good and he opened his big thighs wider to allow Toby better access.

As Rose kissed him she worried his nipples. Oliver's asshole had taken on a life of its own and was madly in love with Toby's cock. His cock danced about in Toby's hand, threatening to blow at any minute. Oliver kept fighting off his orgasm, which only heightened the feelings in his cock and ass. And then Toby's increased the pace of his stroking, really fucking Oliver's hole now. He also increased his wrist action on Oliver's cock. Oliver felt breathless, dazed and disoriented. He knew something had to give.

Fortunately it was Toby. He let out an extremely loud roar as he shot his scalding man juice into Oliver's virgin ass. Seconds later Oliver's cock erupted, sending his hot jizz spraying through Toby's fingers and all over Rose's back. It took them many moments to come down from such an intense fuck high.

Oliver never made it home that night. When he woke the next morning with Toby on one side of him, and Rose on the other, he knew that he would get bi without his wife.

END