 "My husband is a fucking asshole. Stop pulling your peckers ladies and turn me into a cum dumpster!" 

That declaration came from an extremely pissed off woman. Her appearance jumpstarted an evening of pure hedonism for all of us at the First Avenue Adult Emporium. I've had my share of memorable experiences in my friend's adult book store, but nothing like what happened this one Saturday night. 

The city was slowly reducing the size of the "Red-Light" district. Gone were the topless bars, strip joints and other book stores. The lone survivor was the First Avenue Adult Emporium owned by a guy who had enough dirt on some of the city aldermen to insure that his doors would be kept open as long as he wanted to stay in business. 

The store was large, clean, and catered to people of varying sexual tastes. All the magazines, as well as the entire collection of DVDs and videos, were in alphabetical order according to genre. The adult toys were all located together. The dildos and vibrators stood like an army of number ones pointing at the ceiling. The creams, lotions and jells were stored in the same isle as the prophylactics. Whether you were hung like a field mouse or an elephant, there was a size, color, and style of condom to fit (pardon the pun) your needs. Plenty of women felt comfortable coming in to purchase just about everything that was for sale. The truly adventurous popped into the theatre for a quick lookie-look. The theatre area was designed with stadium style seating consisting of a right and left section separated by a center isle. The screen was huge and unlike other adult movie houses or theaters, there were boxes of kleenex all over the place, helping to keep the floor clean. 

Occasionally a couple would come in and fool around with one another. Watching real women sucking cock or getting finger fucked was clearly more enjoyable than jerking off to the same action on the big screen. Participating in little nude-a-rama with total strangers happened more often than not for me and some of my pud-pulling pals.

10 to 15 guys would be scattered around the theater on a Saturday night. We were so comfortable with each other, most of us would be naked from the waist down, legs spread, our hard cocks in hand watching whatever was playing that night. No need for a lunch bag or newspaper to cover your unit, we all were hanging out (pardon another pun) for the same reasons.

The theater ceiling lights, video screen settings, and the little eye-in-the-sky camera were all controlled from a panel on the wall next to the register in the front of the store. Having worked the cash register on multiple occasions, I knew about having the ability to record what was happening in the theater.

About a half hour into a video where a plumber unclogs a drain, then receives the obligatory blow job from the scantly dressed housewife with monster sized tits, the ceiling lights got a little brighter. The door in the back of the theater swung open and a mysterious lady marched down the central isle yelling, "My husband is a fucking asshole. Stop pulling your peckers ladies, and turn me into a cum dumpster!"

She opened her raincoat and stood defiantly in front of us with her hands on her hips, and a sneer on her lips. She was completely naked except for thigh high stockings and heels. Her tits were big, her body pear-shaped, and her red hair was long and wavy. Why anybody would want to fuck someone other than this hottie was a mystery and had to be crazy.

"Here's how tonight is going to play out, you fuckers. I have a sandwich baggie that I'm going to fill with your cum. You will drop a load in my mouth, I'll spit it in the baggie. That prick that I married will drink every last drop of your jizz. My ass will be violated and my pussy pounded. Any cum not deposited in my ass or in my snatch will be smeared on me. I want to go home on wobbly legs and have trouble sitting down for a week. That Motherfucker will think twice about fucking around on me again. Stop jerking off and save your cum for me."

Once again, the house lights became a little brighter. I looked up an saw a little red light pulsating near the ceiling camera. We were being recorded. By the time I got totally naked, our lady had a cock in her mouth. Being true to her word, she spit that first load of cum into the baggie. 

"Next, let's go," she commanded in a loud voice. "If you're fluffing yourself and you start to cum, drop your load on me. You girls understand?"

I stood between her outstretched legs and plopped my dick in her mouth. She was all business. Her pouty lips clamped the head of my dick. She stroked me with a firm grip. The sound was muted on the video playing behind us. Her slurping echoed throughout the theatre. She really knew how to suck a cock, but it was the finger she shot up my ass that made me explode. Most of my cum landed in her mouth. When she pulled her head off my dick a lone spurt of spunk landed on her chest. Once again, she spit the cum from her mouth into the baggie. 

The guy behind me must have been jerking off while he waited his turn. As soon as her lips touched his cock, he exploded all over her face. "Well now Miss, aren't you special. Can your husband last longer? Step back and watch real men get off," she bellowed.

I put on my shirt and walked out to the store and told Luke to join the fun. Sitting at the register, anyone entering the premisses couldn't see anything below my chest. When people came into the store, I mentioned what was happening in the theatre. No one batted an eye at the inflated price to join in the fun.

By the time Luke came out to relieve me our friend had filled her baggie with warm cum. On the monitor I saw her stand, spread her legs, lean forward onto the first riser and spread her ass cheeks. She offered her ass to the crowd and yelled, "It's not going to fuck itself, girls. Dive in - the water's fine." I watched the first guy push his hard member in her ass and I began sporting another erection. 

I walked back into the theater and heard, "That's it princess. You shove that big cock all the way in. Try to split me in two. That's it - shoot your cum up inside of me, Yes! Yes! Yes!, Now come around and let me suck the shit off of your cock."

No one was sitting around. There must have been 20 naked guys all waiting their turn to enjoy our theater slut. The movie had finished and the ceiling lights were on. Guys would get their cocks sucked after they fucked her ass. The entire theater reeked of sex. 

Our lady flipped herself around and begged for more. "I shaved my cunt just for you girls," she taunted. "Stick your cocks in me. Fuck me hard!" 

She spread her legs as far apart as humanly possible and entertained one cock after another. Guys were losing their minds. Some were jerking-off above her head, shooting cum all over her hair, down her front, even on the guy who was burying his cock in her pussy. Every guy would pull his cock out of her and wipe himself clean somewhere on her body.

My next go at her was after at least five guys emptied their nut sacks in her. I slipped effortlessly in her. She was trance like. Her eyes were glazed over. Her every move was somewhat mechanical, but she was the one in control. She would drain very guy in attendance more than once. If her legs weren't spread wide they were either resting on someone's shoulders or she held them tight to her chest. She wanted her pussy pounded and that's what she got.

"One last chance, ladies," she said through clenched teeth. "I want cum in my hair, on my face, and all over my body. I want my prick of a husband to see me used like an old whore. Keep covering me in your spunk."

Luke closed the shop and locked the front door. He joined the rest of us turning our lady friend into the cum dumpster she asked to be turned into. The camera recorded the entire evening's events. Seldom was she engaged with just one person. Her big tits got quite the workout too. Guys pinched, twisted and sucked on her nipples most of the night. We stopped playing with her nipples when they were covered and crusted over with cum.

She won - there wasn't a hard cock to be seen. We all ejaculated multiple times in her, on her, and near her. We gave her what she wanted. We were all spent. She was a mess. Her makeup or what was left of her makeup had run all over her face. Her eyes would have made Alice Cooper jealous. Dried cum could be seen all over her. Her belly button was a reservoir of cum. In spite of what she just went through, she still had a chip on her shoulder.

"Not bad for a bunch of amateurs," she said. "A good old fashion gang bang is just what the doctor ordered. Look at these nipples. They're so big and hard you can hang clothing on them. I must have really enjoyed myself," she said with a chuckle.

Luke let everyone out. Our lady friend, Luke and I were the last three people in the theater and still completely naked. I help her to stand and much like a new born colt, she stood on wobbly legs. Her nylons were ripped, her shoes were missing and her raincoat was spotted with cum, lots of cum. 

"That was fucking amazing," she began. "The cheeks of my ass are stuck together. I can feel cum still oozing out of my snatch. I think there's cum in my right ear! Wait until that fuck-wad sees me. Help me in my raincoat and I'll be on my way."

"You know," Luke said. "We video taped the entire evening."

"No shit!"

"No shit," he quickly responded. "Why don't we go to my office, have a few beers, and I'll prepare you a copy."

I followed that great pear-shaped body and large ass all the way to Luke's office and was again getting hard. 

"Looks like Cinderella here could use a hand," she laughed as she pointed to my erection. "I've got time for one or two more loads. How do you want it, Peaches?"

"Let's have a beer first," I replied. "Then you suck me off and I'll deposit what ever I have left all over your hair," 

"You want to give me a sperm shampoo?"

"Sure!"

"You suck down a beer, while I'll suck up and down your cock," she said with a smile.

She knelt down between my legs while I sat enjoying a cold beer. Her big tits heaved with each deep breath she took. She looked up at me and opened her mouth to accept my throbbing member. While Luke was pixilating our faces for her copy, I enjoyed another great blow job. As I've stated, this woman knew how to suck a cock. The more she slurped, the harder I got. At one point it felt like the head of my dick was going to explode. When she swallowed my dick, her lips pressed against my lower body. Her head bobbed up and down my shaft. She squeezed my nuts with each loud slurp. I couldn't hold back anymore and withdrew my dick from her mouth. I aimed the first stream of cum on her head. The remaining jets of warm cum shot upward and landed on her back. She licked the last bit of cum dripping down my knuckles. Once again, she took my dick in her mouth, this time to slurping me clean. 

Finished with the video, Luke stood behind her with his long thin cock standing at attention. She looked over her shoulder and said, "You waiting for a hand written invitation, Goldilocks? You got two holes staring at you. Pick one and try to march your girlfriend."

Luke grabbed her hips and plunged is hard cock in her gapping pussy. There was nothing gentle in his attack on her pussy. This was raw jungle fucking. They both grunted with every stroke. His balls loudly slapped her ass. Her matted red hair, which was stuck to her shoulders, received the first rope of Luke's cum. Everything else that flew out of him landed on her lower back and her large ass. When he was spent, he wiped a hand full of cum off her body, had her spread her ass cheeks, and smeared the cum all over her little brown eye. He then repeatedly drove his middle finger in her ass.

She buckled and collapsed on the floor. When her breathing returned to normal, she lifted herself up and sat on a chair. The three of us were truly exhausted. I asked, "So, now what?"

"Well ladies," she began. "I'm going to drive myself home. Half way there I'll call a couple of goons I know who will help me with that worthless piece shit that I married. They will hog-tie him to a chair, place a device in his mouth so he can't close it, and dump the bag of cum down his throat. If the prick doesn't choke himself to death, he'll watch me suck both of their cocks. When they're ready to cum, I'll jerk them off on his face. I think that asshole will get the message. Then I think, me and the goons will stay naked and fuck like teenagers right in front of him. Hell, I may make that son-of-a-bitch lick my ass and cunt clean with his tongue. I'm sure my goons can make him do it, especially if they threaten to shove their cocks up his ass, if he refuses. God my pussy is sore. How many guys fucked me? Never mind, I'll find out eventually."

We walked her to the front door where we help her into her raincoat. Before she tied the sash, she removed what was left of her thigh high stockings. She gave Luke one and me the other. She looked us both in the eyes and said, "You can have these. If you find my shoes, feel free to jerk off in them. You Nancy's enjoy the rest of the night - see ya."

We never did catch her name and never saw her again. Luke would play the video occasionally as an extra feature. Many of us who were part of that evening still enjoy a pecker pull or two watching what went down that memorable Saturday night.