 I stop in at a bar on my way home from work. It’s not one of my usual hangouts for tonight I am looking to fuck. Tonight is a night I want to get dirty. It was a long and shitty day at the office and I want a nice cool beer along with some fun to wind down. I get inside and head over to the bar. I ask the bartender for a beer and a shot of tequila. I take the shot and then start in on my beer. I glance around the bar to see if there are any prospects.

There are a few people wandering around, some talking, and some playing pool. There are not too many that are alone though, so this may take some work. I continue to drink my beer and then get up to wander over to a pool table where two men are playing. I ask if they mind if I watch them and they tell me no. I take a seat close to the table and watch as they continue their game.

One of them is preparing to take a shot and I am in his way. He turns to me and asks if I can move a little and I respond with a question. “What do I get out of it if I move” I ask with a sly and devilish grin. He says that he is certain we can come to some sort of agreement as he runs his hand along my thigh. I move my leg closer to him and from this angle I see that his friend can see directly up my skirt. I knew it was a good idea to remove my panties before coming in.

His friend stares almost in shock as I begin to close my legs. I move off my stool and allow him to take his shot. He blows it and I give him a pity kiss. He runs his hand over my ass as I move in close and I look over to see his friend staring at the display. I lean in to this mans ear and ask if they are good friends. He says that they are and I ask “do you share things?”. He says that depends on what the object they are sharing is. I simply reply “me”. He looks to his friend who gives him a slightly bewildered look. I walk over to him and ask if he would like to join us for a bit of fun.

Both men seem to be slightly shocked at what I am proposing to them, but yet they are not declining the offer. I take the second man’s hand and move it under my skirt allowing him to feel what he saw earlier. The first man comes around the table and stands behind me with his hands on my ass. I tell them it’s probably a good idea to move this somewhere else. They both agree and we all settle our tabs at the bar. I don’t want to go home with either of these men, I just want to fuck so I tell them to come around to the back of the bar with me.

They both do so and once we are somewhat hidden from view, I pull up my skirt around my waist and bend over. I pull one of them in front of me and start undoing his pants. The other sees my ass wriggling around as it waits for him. He comes over and begins undoing his belt. I have gotten the first man’s pants undone and I am pulling them down along with his boxers, allowing his cock to spring out. Immediately I stick it in my mouth and suck hard. The man behind me has now gotten his pants down and is sticking his cock into my wet and dripping cunt.

I’ve got men fucking me from both ends and I am moaning against the cock in my mouth. The man behind me is fucking hard as I slam my face fast onto the other’s cock. I pull away from sucking a moment and tell them that I want them to both come into me at the same time. I want him to fuck me and spray inside my cunt as I swallow his friend’s come. They both seem eager to please and the fucking continues.

I can feel my own orgasm coming close as the dick in my mouth hardens at the point before explosion. The man in front of me makes some gesture to the man behind and there is a grunt of agreement from over my shoulder. As I am filled from both ends, I unleash my own juices over this strange cock inside me.

We all pull away from each other and I tell them I want them to switch. I have not yet had my fill and I am in the mood for more. As I stick the other cock in my mouth, I can taste the liquids from my insides. The other sticks his fat cock in and slaps my ass repeatedly as he slides in and out. I lap at the cock in my mouth and suck hard against it as it slides against my lips and tongue. I can feel my hair being grabbed as my head is forced down onto his meat. “Suck it, you dirty, fucking slut” he hisses at me.

I give it my all and he grunts and moans in approval. After a moment, I feel the cock in my cunt removed as it starts to make it’s way into my tight asshole. I can feel the tip as it rubs and then is forced in, hard and fast. It’s unexpected, but I am fucking hot as hell from it. He starts fucking my asshole hard, telling me that filthy whores like me want to be fucked in the ass, as I continue to suck his friend off. I can feel as the second eruption of the night hits my throat and trickles down. Soon after, there is another explosion, this one in my ass.

I can feel as the come drips from my asshole as he pulls his cock out. I stand upright, adjusting from being in a bent position. They are both beginning to zip up when I tell them there is still more fun to be had. They look at each other and then back to me. I walk over between them and grab a cock, one in each hand. I ask them if they would like to come again and they both respond affirmatively. I take my hands away a moment and run them over my soaked crotch, wetting my palms in the juices found there.

Once my hands are good and wet, I grab them again and start stroking fast. I tell them that they should play with me while I stroke them. One gets his hands over my pussy while the other starts to grab at my breasts. I can feel as the fingers start to slide into my cunt and I moan as my nipples get pinched. I stroke the cocks faster as the fingers penetrate me. I can feel fingers as they begin to explore my wet asshole as well. It seems that there are too many hands for the number of people present, but it is still just the three of us.

I ask if they like sharing a dirty slut like me, and they both say yes. I continue to tug at them as I look them over. I still have fingers in both my cunt and my ass, plus some in my mouth that were recently pulled from my soaked pussy. I can taste the mixtures of liquids on the fingers as I hungrily suck them.

My clit is being rubbed fast and hard as fingers work all my orifices. I am pulling at the cocks in both hands fast as one begins to spray. Quickly I bend down to catch the mess. I lick him clean just as the other begins to unleash. I do the same to him as the fingers in my cunt and ass move with more speed. I can feel the rubbing on my clit as I come to my orgasm. I am finishing cleaning up the second one as the walls of my cunt contract against the fingers there.

I take my hands away and pull fingers from me as well. One of them grabs me from behind and slams me against the wall. He sticks his cock as it starts to get hard again up into my cunt while the other watches and strokes himself. I can feel a hand against my head as I am shoved against the wall with each of his thrusts. I am close to coming instantly from the thrill of it. This is exactly what I needed tonight.

He fucks me fast and hard and calls me every naughty name that comes to mind. I can hear his friend behind us cheering on, saying, “fuck the little sluts cunt”. I start to leak as my internal juices flow free from my orgasm. He increases his stroke speed as he slams me harder against the wall. He comes inside me again and then pulls out, but I am still being pinned to the wall. Soon I have cock in me again, this time the other man. He is fucking me and now he himself is pinning me to the wall.

The other kneels down and is playing with my clit as the first sticks me good between my thighs. I can feel the places I will have bruises tomorrow from this little entanglement and it excites me. I hold myself hard as the cock keeps penetrating over and over. I am sore from all this fucking, but I don’t care. It’s part of what comes from need and lust. I can feel my lips throbbing as he fucks hard. I manage to tell him to fuck me hard and to bite me as he does it. He sinks his teeth into my back as his thrusts quicken.

I scream out and again my muscles contract as I roll into my orgasm. The one playing with my clit stands back while the other keeps ramming until he too sprays inside. He pulls away from me and the pressure from the back of my head is removed. I stand there a moment, feeling the wet stickiness between my legs and down my thighs as it cools from the night air. Both men leave me there and I get myself together and drive home for a nice shower before bed.