 Catherine and I had been married for a long time. Our kids are grown and we now enjoy our grandkids from time to time. We've found being empty nesters kind of fun. We get to sit around naked if we want and the weather permits. 

I don't know if it was a mid-life crisis or just turning middle aged that kicked my mind into overdrive, especially about sex. Catherine was only the second girl I had been with and I have never strayed our entire marriage.

These feelings that I might have missed something kept growing and growing inside me. I really love her and would never cheat on her. I know how much it would have hurt me if I found out she cheated on me.

I have this young friend at work and her and I talk about everything. She's actually younger than my oldest son and is more like a daughter to me in a lot of ways. One day at lunch, we were talking and I blurted out how I felt about missing sex with others. 

She took a long look at me and said, "Catherine's too good a friend to me for us to play around on her." Trying to gather my composure, I stuttered and stammered that I wasn't talking about her and I playing around, it was just a feeling I get that I might have missed something. I swear I could feel the red glowing from my neck up and felt like everyone in the restaurant was staring at me. 

She said, "Yeah, like what? Can you explain what you've missed?" 

You know, she had me stumped. I explained it was just a feeling that I got from time to time. Without even looking up from her plate she asked me if I'd ever thought about swinging. 

I admitted that it had crossed my mind but that Catherine would never go for it. She said, "Well, I have a couple of friends that are swingers and they really enjoy it but you'll never know how she feels unless you ask her!" 

At home, I did some searching on the web and found several swingers sites and did some research. I started chatting with some swingers and discussed my thoughts with them and got some ideas on how to best approach her. 

After dinner one evening, I fixed drinks and we adjourned to the deck and our hot tub. After some playful kissing and petting (she had cum several times), I asked my wife if she had ever thought about swinging. 

She sat straight up and had this panic look about her. She glared at me and said, "Are you having an affair?" I assured her that I wasn't. She had these tears welling up in her eyes and blurted out, "You don't love me anymore!" 

I held her and said, "If I didn't love you, I'd be having that affair and we wouldn't be having this conversation." 

I'm still not sure if that was the right thing to say but at least it stopped her tears. I told her that I loved her more than anything in the world but had these overwhelming feelings of missing something and thought that by swinging we might add some spice to our own sex life.

It took several months for me to finally get her to agree to go to a swingers dance. She was apprehensive but after we had a few drinks, we enjoyed the dance. Nothing happened other than meeting some couples and a little dirty dancing, both with each other and with others but the ice was broken. 

Catherine had stated that if we played, it would be as a couple only; no separate meetings or rooms. We met a couple, Jack and Kristi that were very interested in us but Kristi was bi and kept trying to get Catherine to go upstairs for some play. 

Jack and I were ready to go and watch the two of them then join in but my wife was dead set against having sex with another woman. Another fantasy shot to hell, oh well. 

Kristi reached over and pulled out Jack's cock which was quite a bit bigger than mine and took a quick lick. She asked Catherine if this would like a taste or would like to ride him but she declined. 

Jack then whispered in Catherine's ear, apparently asking her to go upstairs with him but again she declined. After they left our table, I asked her what he had said and she told me that he said, "Let me rock your world. I guarantee I can do it." 

I asked why she hadn't gone upstairs with him and she said, "He's way too big, I like them your size." I accepted that but secretly wondered how many 'my size' she had been with and how she knew she didn't like big ones. 

We enjoyed some more drinks and dancing the rest of the evening. When they were giving out door prizes, we won a free pass to the next months dance so I convinced Catherine that we could give it another try. 

Next month at the dance, we met a nice couple, Bob and Mandy who seemed interested in getting to know us and understood we didn't want to play on the first meeting. We wanted to get to know a couple before we played. 

We went out to dinner with them a few times and met at each others for some naked hot tubbing. Nothing more than some friendly talk and drinking went on at these encounters the first couple of times. 

One Saturday night after some good food and several drinks we were sitting in our hot tub and after a while Mandy said that she was getting too hot. I whistled at her as she stepped out of the tub which brought a big smile to her face. 

She grabbed my hand, pulling me from the tub and said, "Mike, could I talk you into massaging my back. It hurts from all the horseback riding I did today." Then she led me like a puppy into the house, as the hot tub is on a privacy deck directly off of our bedroom. Mandy lay down on our bed, face down and I began to work on her back. 

I grabbed some lotion and straddled her legs and was working the knots out of her back from her cute butt up to her shoulders with my legs straddling hers. I was getting quite an erection massaging her but didn't want to do anything because Catherine was right outside the door in the hot tub. 

Apparently, I hadn't fully closed the door as splashing water caught my attention. All of a sudden, I heard that all too familiar moan as my wife began orgasming. Mandy heard it too and commented, "Sounds like those two are hitting it off alright. 

Then she asked me if I could scratch an itch for her. I said sure, where does it itch. She spun around under me so she was face up and pointed to her pussy. I bent over and gently kissed her and our tongues intertwined playfully. I shifted my legs inside of hers as she stroked my shaft and guided it to her moist pussy. 

My wife was getting more and more vocal and part of me wished I could be out there to watch her but here I had this horney sexy woman guiding my cock into her wetness so I sure wasn't going anywhere. She grabbed my waist and pulled me tightly to her, forcing my shaft deep inside of her. Soon we were in a good rhythm and both enjoying each other.

Our fun was briefly interrupted by the sound of talking as Bob and Catherine came inside. They both stood there drying off, watching us for a bit and I looked at my wife to see if she was alright with me having sex with another woman. I didn't see any signs of concern on her face so I didn't stop. 

Bob said, "We decided to join you. That little wild cat of yours was about to drown me out there. This brought a giggle out of my wife and she headed to her side of the bed and lay down. 

Bob crawled up and buried his head in her crotch which brought out a gasp from her. I told Bob, "You just think she was drowning you before. You get her cumming good like that and she will really drown you." 

Bob removed his mouth for a second saying, "But what a way to go!" Catherine was cumming like a broken slot machine and isn't shy about vocalizing when she's doing it. 

Mandy on the other hand was very quiet and it was sort of difficult to tell what she liked or didn't like. I decided to see if she would open up more if I went down on her and I moved down and gently sucked her clit into my mouth. 

I bounced it gently back and forth with my tongue and she was rubbing her nails in my scalp and seemed to be enjoying it but I really wished she had given me more sign as to what she liked. She would occasionally bite her lip or dig her nails into my scalp, but other than that, didn't really let me know if I was satisfying her. 

Bob moved up and grabbed my wife's legs, putting them up on his shoulders as he guided his cock into her again. She was enjoying it and I enjoyed watching her have fun. 

I moved back up and re-entered Mandy. Bob began pounding Catherine real hard and he moaned as he shot a load into my lovely wife. I don't know if it was because of being with someone different or nerves or what but I couldn't cum even though I really wanted to. As I stroked Mandy, she shuddered with what I figured was an orgasm. It was hard to tell because she was silent, not like my wife. When Bob rolled off of my wife, I got off of Mandy and we both looked down on our well fucked wives.

Catherine was the first to speak, "I don't know about you guys but I've really worked up a thirst. Sweetheart, will you get us all something to drink?" I headed out to the kitchen to make up a big pitcher of iced tea. I added Bourbon Bob's and mine. 

Bob joined me out in the kitchen, drying the sweat off of himself with a towel. He said, "Man, that is sure one wild ride you have there! You're sure one lucky fellow." I was actually kind of jealous because his wife didn't seem to get that excited but I figured maybe next time. 

After they left, Catherine and I were talking in bed. "How did you like her?" she asked. I said that actually she didn't seem to get turned on and that it was a little frustrating for me and I didn't cum. 

I asked her what she thought of playing with Bob and she said, "It was OK I guess. I don't see what the big attraction about swinging is. He's smaller than you and you make me cum better." 

I said, "You sure could have fooled me with all the noise you were making." 

She playfully smacked me and said, "You be nice or I won't relieve all that built up pressure you have there," as she gently stroked my still hard cock. 

With that she took me into the bedroom and climbed on and I felt her very slippery, cum filled pussy slide down on me. She knows exactly what I like and it didn't take her very long at all and I was seeing stars as I gave her another big load for her pleasure.

A couple of weeks later, Bob was online and we were chatting. He had been intimating for some time how he'd sure like to get together with Catherine again. He asked me if we would like to go to a house party he was putting on. My wife walked into the room so I asked her how she'd feel about going. 

To my surprise she said, "Sure, why not," so I accepted. At the house party there were six other couples, mostly our own age except for one couple that was in their early fourties, Steve and Julie. She was this cute blond and latched onto me almost as soon as I got there and led me into one of the bedrooms. 

As soon as the door closed, her clothes hit the floor, I say clothes but she was really only wearing this silk blouse. I quickly undressed and got on the bed next to her. We kissed for a bit and she pushed me back, going down on me, much to my surprise. 

She was sucking like a vacuum cleaner. I told her that if she didn't slow down, I was going to fill her mouth. She looked up, giving me this evil grin and said, "But what if that's what I want?" I pulled her up to my face and we kissed and I tasted myself on her tongue. 

She climbed on, guiding me into her tight little hole and began bucking like crazy. Now this was more like it. She was cumming and cumming. We kept at it for quite a while until she was satisfied. She rolled off of me and said, "You didn't cum, did you? Give me a minute to catch my breath, and we'll get you off too." 

She looked so sexy that I leaned over and began gently suckling her nipples, first one then the other. Then I softly kissed my way down to her belly button. My tongue slowly circled it for a bit then I moved down to her honey pot. 

She had a long clit and I sucked it into my mouth and played with it with my tongue. Every time I sucked on her clit, she would moan loudly and arch her ass high off the bed, trying to get more of me into her pussy. I began taking long strokes with my tongue from deep inside her all the way to her clit and ended up each swipe sucking on her clit. 

This was driving her crazy. She was bent almost in half; her ass was so far off the bed my arms were almost straight up supporting her butt as she went higher and higher. I was having a ball getting her off when all of a sudden, she let go with a flood of cum, filling my mouth. 

I slowed down at her request, watching her face, framed by her nice titties and heaving stomach. I rolled on my back and she returned the favor. I was so primed that it only took her a few good strokes with that sweet mouth of hers before I was filling it up. 

I looked at the clock and we had been in there for over an hour. Suddenly I got this bad feeling about leaving my wife out there alone for so long. We exited and I found her out in the hot tub with Bob and Tom. 

Julie and I joined them in the tub and she quickly got Bob and Tom's attention and they went back into one of the bedrooms with her. Catherine looked at me and said, "Have fun?" 

I smiled, and said, "Yes, how about you?" 

She told me that she had fended off the other guys but finally went into the bedroom with Bob but that again, even though she had cum playing with him, he left her wanting. 

Just as they finished up, Tom walked into the bedroom and bounced onto the bed. She said, "He had this silly grin on his face and without saying anything he began kissing my feet, then his kisses moved up my legs towards my crotch. It was funny but I found myself automatically opening my legs for this stranger as he started kissing my messy pussy. His tongue started lapping up the mess that Bob had made. Then he clamped his mouth around my pussy and he was sucking for all he was worth. I found myself holding onto his head as I had a massive orgasm and he wasn't done yet. He moved his mouth so he was concentrating his suction on my clit as his tongue lightly flicked across the tip. The feeling was intense and I had my hands on his forehead in case I needed to push him away but my orgasm kept building and building. Then in a blinding flash, I came and flooded Tom's mouth and Bob's bed."

Looking at the big puddle in the bed she told Bob she was sorry and he told her it was not a problem as there were pads on the bed. She wondered about me and Bob told her that Julie had quite the sexual appetite and usually had all of the men at these parties, some twice. 

After hearing about her antics, to my surprise, I had quite an erection again and after a few strokes from my loving wife's hand, she mounted me and we made love in the tub. Afterwards, we dressed and went home. Once in our own bed, my wife cuddled up to me and she quickly fell to sleep. My mind was racing with all the events of the evening but I eventually drifted off.

Bob kept asking to meet again and also invited us to other parties but each time my wife declined. She was a little put off about Tom liking to eat creampies and asked me, "Honey, would you ever go down on a woman whose pussy is full of cum?" I said, "Only if it was mine."

About a month went buy and I got an IM from Julie. I was taken aback since I had never chatted with her before. 

We had some general small talk for a while about family and such. She wasn't too happy as her daughter and granddaughter had moved in with them due to her son-in-law being sent to Iraq. 

She didn't mind having them there but it was putting a crimp on their lifestyle fun. Finally, she asked me if Catherine and I would like to go down to a house party that she was co-hosting. She said that since she couldn't have one of her own, they were helping another couple put one on at their place. 

Julie said that Brent and Rhya had a large home with several bedrooms and we could spend the night if we wanted. They live about 90 miles southeast of us but it is mostly freeway driving. My wife wasn't home and I said that I would ask her that evening. 

When Catherine came home, I asked her how she'd feel about it. She told me that she wasn't sure because she really didn't see any guys that turned her on at Bob's party. I said, "Well, we can't find your prince unless you go to more parties." 

She finally agreed on condition that we get a motel as she didn't want to spend the night in a stranger's home. I let Julie know and she sent me directions to the party.

Before the party, I took my lovely wife out shopping. I bought her this sexy see through red blouse, a black leather mini skirt, a red garter and matching stockings and this red bra that has the nipple area cut out, also some red high heels to complete the outfit. 

The afternoon of the party, she went out and had her hair and nails done up. I wanted her to wear her outfit all the way down there but she said she wasn't going to chance us getting in an accident or being stopped. 

I chided her saying that if she wore that outfit, if I got stopped, I'd bet the officer would trade sex with her to let me off. She didn't see the humor in it so I let it drop. After checking in at the hotel and unpacking, we went down and had dinner then went back to the room to get dressed for the party. 

When I came out of the bathroom, she was looking at herself in the mirror. DAMN, she looked so hot my cock sprang to attention. I moved up behind her and ran my hands up her stockings and under her short skirt and found bare skin under there. She turned and kissed me and said, "Like?" 

"Like it; Hell, I love it!" I said. 

Then she lifted up her skirt and I really had to keep myself in check as she had shaved off all of her pussy hair. My fingers headed to her and found it all wet and warm and smooth. I tried to pull her down to the bed but she wasn't having that. "Maybe later, if you're real good," she said. We headed out following the directions Julie had e-mailed me.

We headed up into this very ritzy neighborhood. I'd bet the cheap houses were over a million. We pulled up at the address on the paper and this mansion loomed above us. There were Jaguars, Porches, BMWs, and all sorts of exotics there. Kind of made our Accord look out of place. 

As we started up the steps, Catherine held my arm tightly and said, "It's not too late to turn back." All I could think of was getting that hot little Julie in bed again and really wasn't listening. 

At the front door, we could hear music and laughter coming from the inside. I rang the bell and this drop dead gorgeous raven-haired beauty answered the door. "Yes?" she said. 

On a scale of 1 to 10 she was about a 12. She had this black clingy silk dress on that was slit to her waist. It was obvious from the way it fit that there was nothing on underneath. It looked more like someone had poured a thin layer of plastic on her. 

My wife pulled back and said, "We must have the wrong address, sorry." 

The beauty spoke, "Wait, you must be Mike and Catherine; Julie told me you two were coming. She has been delayed but is going to try to get here later. Apparently, she had to take her granddaughter to the hospital." 

The inside of this house was like something out of Homes of the Rich and Famous. I know I felt like I was way out of my league here. "I'm Rhya, your hostess. I'm very glad to meet you two. Julie has told me a lot about you two. Well, more about you Mike!" she said as she squeezed my arm. 

This tall, very handsome young man came up to her and Rhya introduced him as her husband, Brent. He leaned over and gave Catherine this long slow kiss. "Very glad to meet you," he said, never even looking at me. He obviously liked what he saw in my wife. I thought I saw this hungry look in my wife's eyes as she broke their kiss too. 

We took the drinks we brought into their immense kitchen then Rhya showed us around a bit and my wife whispered to me, "Notice something, dear? All of the other couples here are our kids age, or younger." I then began looking for someone nearer our age but all of the guests were probably in their mid to late 20's with only a sprinkling of those in their early to mid 30's. Granted there were some very beautiful people but I was beginning to wonder if any of these young hard bodies would be interested in us old fogies. 
