 In stunned silence, I continued to record Stacey as she crawled off her husband and stretched out languidly on the couch. She was still smiling at me pleasantly, as if blissfully stoned. Brad's cum was oozing slowly down her chin and neck, while she lazily rubbed her hands in the spunk that had gotten on her tits, spreading it around like lotion. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Brad lying against the armrest, breathing raggedly. His cock was still half-hard and quivering with each beat of his heart. "You get all that, man?" He asked jokingly.

I nodded solemnly. "Oh, I got it alright." 

"Mmm, looks like you got something alright." Stacey giggled, her eyes staring at my crotch. Looking down, I realized that not only was I still rock hard, but also had forgotten to zip my fly. Through the opening I could see a sprig of pubic hair and a hint of the hard flesh of my cock. My face turned red.

"Um, yeah. We'll can you blame a guy? That was too fucking hot." I tried to shrug off my embarrassment. Stacey playfully reached out and hooked a long finger into my open fly, her digit brushing tantalizingly close to my erection. 

"Let's see what you got there, Matt!" She said teasingly. 

Involuntarily I jerked back. "Oh, I don't think so, Stacey." I looked over at Brad who to my surprise was grinning. I was afraid Stacey's flirtations would be pissing him off. 

"Oh don't be that way." Stacey argued. "We let you watch us fuck, you can at least let me see you dick." Again she tugged at my fly, pulling me a little closer to her and opening the already uncomfortably wide opening a little more. I looked over at Brad nervously, but he was simply grinning. Taking my silence for acquiescence, Stacey sat up and quickly undid the button on my pants. I was still holding the camera and had to struggle to keep from dropping it, as she pulled down my jeans and underwear in one quick swipe. "Holy shit!" She gasped.

Before her my eight-inch cock stood rigid, staring her right in the face. The fat head was engorged and purple, the tip wet. Thick, blue veins pulsed along the shaft, and my testicles were tight and round. I stared down at this in shock.

Stacey giggled quietly, her hand on her mouth. "Oh my god!" She exclaimed, her voice muffled. I looked over at Brad who was merely shaking his head. "It's so big!" She cried as she reached up and lightly touched the head. The contact sent an electric surge through my body as my cock jumped, making Stacey squeal. Her fingers quickly wrapped around the shaft, squeezing lightly, holding my panting prick still. She looked over at her husband who was still lounging passively. "I think we should make another little movie, what do you say?" She gazed up at me with a smile as she carefully ran her fingers up and down my length. "What do you think, Matt?" 

"Sounds good to me." Brad said as he rose up and leaned over, taking the camera out of my trembling hands. "But this time I get to be the director!" He sat back down and trained the camera in on us, getting the picture in focus. Stacey smiled at the camera for a moment, holding my drooling dick in front of her. She then turned back toward me and, smiling up at me, began to lick my head. I closed my eyes at the sensation; it was sweeter than I ever thought it could be. Her tiny tongue darted all around the crown, and then she slowly took the entire head into her wet mouth. 

"Oooh, Stacey…" I moaned. I heard Brad chuckling to my right. Feeling braver, I reached down and put my hand on the back of her head. I felt her moan, the vibrations tickling my dick head, as she tried to swallow more of me. I began to rock my hips back and forth, slowly fucking her mouth. "Oh, god." It felt wonderful. She brought up her other hand, using both to work on my hard on as she began to suck harder. I stared down at her lovely face, her brow was furrowed and her eyes closed as if in deep concentration. I was concentrating, too; on not cumming. But it felt too good and after a moment I had to pull myself out. She looked up at me narrowly, as if disappointed. "You're gonna make me cum." I said by way of apology.

She laughed as she lay back against the couch. "And you wanna fuck me first, is that it?" She spread her legs and played with her juicy cooze while she massaged her left breast with the other one. 

"Oh, god yes." I moaned. Smiling, she spread her lean legs even farther apart. I removed my shirt and bent down, glancing over at Brad as I did so. He was intent on capturing the moment on film, and didn't seem to mind at all that I was about to fuck his wife. In fact, I noticed his prick had perked up a little. Turning my attention back to the gorgeous creature writhing beneath me, I got on my knees and positioned myself above her. I reached down and rubbed my cock against her pussy and found it to be warm and wet and very inviting. 

"Oh, put it in, Matt." She breathed into my ear. Closing my eyes, I carefully thrust myself into her. "Oooh!" She cried out as if surprise. I guess I was bigger than she was used to, but in a few moments I managed to get the entire length of my cock inside her and she began to squirm around on it. As I slowly began to move back and forth inside her I had to concentrate on willing myself not to cum. Watching the two of them had gotten me terribly horny, and this unexpected encounter was threatening to send me over the edge. Soon I found a nice rhythm and began to fuck her a little harder, causing her to moan softly in my ear. Every now and then, as her body undulated, I could feel some of Brad's cooled sperm against my warm flesh.

I noticed Brad getting up off the couch and moving behind us. I guessed he wanted a good rear shot so I spread my legs out a little so he could get a good view of the action. "Aw, yeah, that's it! Yeah, fuck her pussy, man. Fuck her!" Brad encouraged me and I began to thrust harder, causing Stacey to moan even louder. 

"Oooh, finger my asshole, Brad!" She panted out. I sensed rather than saw Brad reach out a hand, and with a questing finger begin to probe Stacey's tight, brown hole just an inch below my thrusting cock. "Oh, yesss, that's good, oh yeah!" She called out. I looked down at her body as I fucked her. I watched her plentiful breasts bouncing back and forth, sperm dried on them. I leaned down and took a fat nipple in my mouth and sucked. "Mmmm, deeper…deeper, Brad!" She instructed her husband. "Oh, Matt, fuck me faster!" She whispered in my ear. "I'm gonna cum!" We both did as we were told, and in seconds she was bucking up and down wildly, gripping me tightly to her. I was afraid I might cum as well, but I managed to keep from blowing my load inside her. Her pussy clenched around my shaft and I felt it grow even wetter. After a few minutes her spasms ceased and, as Brad removed his finger from her ass, I withdrew my slimy organ from her drenched cunt. 

I rolled over onto the couch beside Stacey, my stiff dick slapping me on the stomach. Brad was on his knees in front of us, moving the camera's gaze over each of our bodies. His own cock had gotten even harder, and I admired his ability to get it up so soon after ejaculating. Stacey looked over at me, still quivering from her orgasm. She looked down at my twitching cock and grinned. Rolling over on top of me, she straddled my hips and grabbed my cock. She positioned it against her pussy and slowly slid down on top of it. "Ohhhhhh." I moaned aloud as I clenched her thighs. She thrust her breasts into my face and I greedily sucked and licked them. She put her hands on my chest and began to ride me hard, like a cowgirl on a bucking horse. She arched her back, sticking her ass out toward her husband. She glanced back at him longingly. 

Getting the idea, Brad carefully positioned the camera on the coffee table so we'd still be in frame. Then he approached us. Spreading his legs apart he stood behind Stacey and positioned himself against her ass. I felt the inside of his legs resting against mine as he struggled to force his dick into her ass. Stacey stopped moving, remaining still, her lithe body trembling as Brad entered her. She gasped sharply and I felt Brad's fingers lightly touching the base of my cock as he stuffed himself in her. I could feel the bulge of his length against my own inside Stacey's body, and found the sensation pleasurable. Grunting and groaning, Brad began to slowly fuck his wife's ass. 

Stacey began to cry out, and began to kiss me deeply, burying her cry against my lips. Both Brad and I began thrusting, pushing ourselves deeper into her. I could feel Brad's nuts slapping against my own. It only took a few moments; it was too intense for all of us. Stacey began whimpering and shaking as a tremendous orgasm wracked her body. This time it was too much for me and I felt myself begin to explode. "Oh, I'm cumming!" I moaned softly as cum pumped out my dick into Stacey's hungry pussy. With each thrust I shot more spunk into her. 

At the same time Brad grimaced and yelled as he pulled his dick out and began to shoot his load all over Stacey's upturned ass. Brad pumped the last drops of cum out onto Stacey's cheeks as her vaginal muscles milked the last out of my cock. Brad collapsed once more on the couch next to us while Stacey lay limply against my body. For several moments we just lay there as I stroked her back and kissed her sweet face. Then I looked over at the camera and smiled. I couldn't wait to watch it!