 Andy and I have been together for some time and our sex life is incredible but sometimes we get into a sexual rut. So, Andy, being his usual creative self, decided to spice things up a bit for us. His plan was to get his good friend, Jim, to join us for a threesome. Apparently it's been a while since Jim has gotten laid and Andy, being the good friend that he is, decides Jim deserves a good fuck. I'm totally into it and can't wait to get fucked by two hot men. Andy arranges for Jim to come over Friday night "just to hang out". Little does he know he's in for the night of his life!

Friday night arrives and Andy and I have everything in place. I have on a very sexy, tight, white shirt and a very short pair of shorts. I'm not wearing a bra and my breasts show through my tight shirt. My ass cheeks are just barely showing out of the bottom of my shorts. Andy already has a hard on just looking at me in this sexy little outfit. I'm sure Jim will have the same reaction. 

Jim arrives promptly at 7. When I answer the door a look of utter shock registers on his face. He's never seen me in so little clothing. My nipples are hard and straining against my shirt. Jim's eyes immediately focus on my tits. After the initial shock his mouth broadens into a wide smile. Jim looks great, as usual. He has very dark hair and big brown eyes. He's tall and his body is well defined. He's definitely what most women would call tall, dark and handsome.

I invite Jim in and tell him to take a seat while I go fix us some drinks. Andy walks in and sits down to talk to Jim while I head for the kitchen. I come back with 3, tall, Long Island Iced Tea's. I purposely made them good and strong so all of us would be nice and relaxed for what would take place. We sat around drinking and talking. We were having a great time. I mixed us another round of drinks and Andy popped a porno into the VCR. At first Jim seemed a little uncomfortable, but once the strong drinks took effect, he loosened up and started to enjoy the movie. He even started making little comments like, "Oh yeah, I'd like to fuck her." and "Man, what I wouldn't give for a girl to do that shit to me." I took this last comment as my cue to let Jim know he was here for more than drinks and a skin flick. I slid closer to him on the couch and said, "Would you like to have those things done to you righ now, Jim?" His breath caught in his throat and he looked at me in complete shock. My hand rubbing his thigh assured him that I was for real and he shot a nervous look at Andy, trying to get his reaction. Andy smiled and said, "You heard the girl." "She asked you a question." "Are you gonna answer her?" 

"I...um...well...yeah." Jim stammered. "Good, because I want to do all those things and more to you." I replied. His face reddened a little with nervousness and slight embarrasment. It made him all the more appealing to me. I slid my hand further up his thigh and stopped right below the bulge in his pants. His cock was straining against the fabric of his pants, begging to be freed. 

I stood up and pulled Jim to his feet. I knelt down in front of him and unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. I slid them down over his hips, and they fell to the floor. He quickly kicked them off. His cock sprung through the opening in his boxers and I was face to face with his nice 7 inch prick. He must have been really excited because there was already a little bit of pre-cum oozing from his tip. I leaned closer and licked the tip to taste his hot jizz. He looked down at me and moaned. I slid his boxers down and he kicked those aside also. I stood up and lifted his shirt up over his head. He stood before me looking sexier than ever. I kissed his chest and neck and my lips finally made their way to his. I kissed him gently, letting my tongue dart out over his lips. He opened his mouth and slid his tongue into my mouth. Our kiss intensified, our tongues exploring each others mouths. He pulled my body close to his and I could feel his hard cock poking my stomach. 

I pulled away and trailed soft kisses down his chest and stomach until I reached his pubic area. His cock was standing at full attention and I wanted it in my mouth so badly by now. I looked back at Andy to make sure he was ok with what was going on. While I was busy getting Jim all worked up, Andy had undressed and was sitting on the chair stroking his big throbbing shaft. From the look of things, Andy was enjoying the show. I decided to really pull out all the stops for his viewing pleasure. 

I turned my attention back to Jim's hot prick. I kissed the head and flicked my tongue over the hole, licking more of Jim's tasty pre-cum. I took the head into my mouth and wrapped my hand around his shaft. I sucked just the head at first while my hand jerked him off. I slowly eased my hot mouth down his shaft. I relaxed my throat and took him all the way down to the base of his cock. He let out a surprised gasp. He'd obviously never had a girl deep throat him before. He was in for a real treat because I love to do it. As I'm expertly throating Jim's tasty dick, Andy comes up behind me and starts to undo my shorts. 

He pulls them down enough to get his hand between my legs and runs his finger along the inside of my pussy lips. Then finally finding my fully aroused clit and giving it a good hard rubbing. I'm so hot by now. Loving the feel of my clit being rubbed and having my mouth full of hot cock. I gently massage Jim's balls as I suck him off. I slide my mouth up and down his member, sucking and licking. Jim's really excited now and grabs the back of my head and starts moving his hips, fucking my mouth like it was a pussy. I can sense he's getting close to blowing his load and I'm ready and waiting to eat every drop of his creamy cum. He forces my head down hard on his exploding prick and yells out, "That's it Jessie...suck my cock...swallow my load...aaaahhhhhhh..."

There was so much cum shooting into my mouth that I was having a hard time swallowing it all and some slid out of my mouth and down my chin. I did my best to lick his shaft clean and then I wiped my chin with my fingers and licked them clean as well. Jim looked down at me and said, "That was fucking unreal." " Damn, you really like sucking cock don't you?" I nodded and turned my attention to Andy who was still working my swollen clit. I pulled away and stood up so both of them could get my clothes off. Once they had removed my clothes, Andy said to Jim, "Man, you gotta eat her pussy." "There's nothing sweeter then her cunt juice." Jim, eyeing my shaved pussy, slowly nodded and licked his lips. 

Andy sat down on a chair and said, "Come over here baby and suck me off." I immediately got down on my knees in front of him and wrapped my lips around his hard throbbing cock. Jim laid on his back, slid underneath me and put his head between my legs. I spread my legs further apart and lowered my moist hot pussy onto his face. His tongue flicked my clit and I shuddered. His tongue continued to explore the inside of my cunt lips until he drove his tongue into my dripping wet hole. I moaned over and over again as he tongue fucked my pussy. I wanted to scream but my mouth was full of Andy's huge dick. Jim continued to drive his tongue in and out of me while his fingers massaged my clit. Pushing me closer and closer to the edge. I tried to concentrate on sucking Andy's cock. I took him deep into my mouth and gently squeezed his balls. He held his hand on the back of my head, forcing his giant prick all the way down my throat. I pulled all the way up his shaft until just the tip was in my mouth, then I would suck him all the way back in. Andy was moaning and I knew I would be enjoying a mouthful of his tasty cum very soon. 

I continued to work Andy's throbbing member while Jim took me closer to the edge with his hot tongue and fingers. His fingers were now, slipping in and out of my pussy like a jackhammer. His tongue was pressing hard against my clit. I started to move my hips up and down, fucking his fingers. He sucked my clit hard and I felt like I would explode. He sent me over the edge into a mind blowing orgasm. I wanted to scream out but my mouth was so full of cock that all I managed to get out were muffled moans. As I came, I sucked Andy's cock for all it was worth. In an instant he was shooting his load into my waiting mouth. He let out a loud moan and held my head down over his prick to make sure I swallowed all his seed. After his prick stopped erupting in my mouth, I licked his shaft clean and moved off of Jim's face. We were all a bit tired and sweaty, so we decided to take a quick shower before getting into anything else.

After our showers, we made our way to the bedroom and got comfortable on the bed. I laid down facing Andy while Jim laid down behind me softly rubbing my shoulders and back. I began kissing Andy passionately on the lips, our tongues twisting and teasing each other. He cupped my breasts in his hands and gently pinched my nipples. I was loving the attention I was getting from both men and my pussy was tingling with the anticipation of getting fucked by both of them. One of Jim's hands had moved down to my backside and was gently massaging my soft round ass. He ran his fingers up and down between my ass cheeks, stopping at my tight little ass hole and pushing against the tight ring of my anus. By now my pussy was so wet and I really wanted some hard cock in my hungry cunt. 

Andy ran his hand down over my hip and thigh, letting it come around between my knees. He lifted my leg up for access to my juicy cunt. He moved his hand up to my pussy and spread the lips apart and rubbed his finger around my hole and up over my clit. I broke our kiss and moaned, "Oh Andy, fuck me...fill my pussy with your cock." Happy to oblige me, Andy rolled over onto his back and pulled me on top of him. I straddled his waist and lowered my hot cunt onto his rock hard prick. Jim came up behind me and watched me ride andy's cock while he stroked his own hard on. After a few minutes of watching my twat get stretched by Andy's massive manhood, Jim leaned in and started exploring my ass hole with his hot tongue. His tongue trailed down to my pussy and he licked around Andy's prick as it slid in and out of me. I was getting so fucking hot and I needed my ass full of cock and I let Jim know exactly what he needed to do next.

"Jim, I want you to fuck me in the ass." " Take Andy's place in my cunt and get your shaft good and wet with my pussy juice." "Get your prick good and lubed up to fuck my tight little ass hole." 

Jim moved up behind me and pulled Andy's cock out of my dripping wet cunt. In one swift movement he buried his prick deep inside me. He continued to fuck my pussy hard and fast. That, combined with the friction between my clit and Andy's pubic bone, caused me to have another small but satisfying orgasm. I moaned out and said, "Now Jim...fuck my ass now!" Jim pulled out of my pussy and gave me a chance to slide my hot hole back over Andy's cock before taking his place at my tight little back door. He easily slid the head of his dick past the tight little ring. It hurt some but the pleasure, by far, outweighed the pain. After letting me get used to the sensation he rammed his prick all the way in my ass. It took a few strokes for both guys to get a rhythm going, but when they did it was a feeling like no other. I loved the feeling of having my two holes filled with cock. I looked down at Andy and said, "You like seeing me get fucked in the ass by Jim, baby?" "You like feeling his cock sliding in and out with yours?"

"Oh yeah baby...your pussy feels so fucking good." "I love watching you get fucked like the little slut you are." 

To Jim he said, "Hey, You like fucking her tight little slutty ass, man?" "How about her pussy...did you like fucking that soaking cunt?"

"Fuck yeah...you were right, she's a hot little piece of ass." 

I was getting even more turned on hearing them talk about me like I wasn't even there. 

I think we were all pretty close to cumming because the conversation dwindled down to grunts, groans, and moans. We were all moving our hips fast and furiously. Jim was the first to get off. I could feel him tense up and then he yelled out, "Oh Fuck...I'm cumming...aaaaahhhhhh." 

I could feel his load shooting deep inside my ass. It felt so good that I couldn't hold back any longer and pretty soon I was cumming again. An even more intense mind blowing orgasm than before. I screamed out loud and before I knew it, my pussy was being filled with Andy's hot seed. He yelled out," Oh Jessie...I'm cumming baby...oh god your fucking pussy feels so good...oooooooohhhhh aaaaaaaaahhhhh!"

After both guys were finished blowing their loads inside my abused holes, we all collapsed on the bed. After a little while Jim rolled over onto his side, leaned down and gently kissed me. He said," This has been unreal." "I hope we can do this again real soon." I smiled and agreed that it was great, and I, too, couldn't wait for our next encounter. 

Andy looked at us both and added, with a glint in his eye, "Hey the night's still young..."