 I had just gotten off work and wanted to get home and relax. I had been speeding. But there are never cops out here. It's the middle of now where. By the time I saw the cop coming in the other direction I knew it was too late. As soon as we passed each other he quickly did a u-turn and turned on his lights.

I immediately pulled over and started looking for my license, registration and insurance. Of course I unbuttoned an extra button on my blouse first to make sure I had plenty of cleavage visible. I found my license and registration, but, I was still leaning over towards the glove box looking for the insurance as the officer tapped on my window.

I turned to see a very attractive officer, probably between 40 and 45 years old with blue eyes. He had light brown hair with some grey around the temples. Even though he was leaning down to my window I could still tell he was tall, easily over 6 feet. I couldn't help but notice the muscles in his arms. "Do you know how fast you were going ma'am," he said, looking me right in the eyes.

"I am so sorry officer, I didn't realize I was speeding. I just got off work and was on my way home,'' I said, trying to sound sincerely apologetic. Normally I could get out of a ticket. I have DDD breasts, blonde hair and blue eyes. Cops don't give women that look like that tickets too often.

"Well you should pay more attention, you were going 18 miles over the limit." He said sternly. "License, registration and insurance please."

I handed him my license and registration. "I can't seem to find my insurance," I told him. "I must not have put the new card in my car last time I renewed it." He didn't look happy.

"I'll be right back," he said and turned to go back to his car. I did notice him look down at my chest briefly first.

He went back to his patrol car and got in. I could see in my rear view mirror that there was another cop with him. They looked like they were talking to each other and then the other officer got out and started walking towards my car. 

This officer looked much younger, I figured he was probably in training. He looked like he was 20 or 21. Dark blonde hair and brown eyes. Cute, but a little skinnier than I prefer.

"Hello ma'am," he stammered. He started looking me in the eyes, but his gaze quickly went down. "I'm afraid I'm going to have to write you a couple of tickets." He didn't really have that authoritative voice that police officers have. Maybe because he was so new. But with that, and the way he was staring at my tits I decided I might have a shot at getting out of this.

"Are you sure? I promise it won't happen again. Could we make some other kind of arrangement instead?" I asked cocking my head to the side a little and giving him a smile.

He seemed confused and nervous. "Um, I'm not sure I know what you mean..."

"Would you like my phone number instead?" I asked, lightly running my hand over the tops of my breasts. "Maybe we could get together and you could cum on these tits that you have been staring at?" I was making him blush.

"I don't think my partner would approve of that," he said, but with some uncertainty in his voice. "He said I need to write you these tickets."

"He won't have to know," I said.

At that second I heard the car door slam and the other officer started walking up again. "Actually, they have microphones on us. He just heard everything," he said quickly before the other officer got there.

"Ma'am, get out of the car please," he ordered.

"Look, I'm really sorry. Just give me the tickets and that will be it," I pleaded.

"Get out of the car," he repeated more forcefully.

I did as he said. "Now turn around and put your hands behind your back," he said as he grabbed one of my wrists and spun me around. I felt the cuffs go on as soon as he had me turned around.

He looked at the young officer. "Now we call the chief and see what he wants to do. We could bring her in." He actually sounded amused by the whole situation now. I could hear him make a call on his cell phone. "Sorry to call you chief, but we have a situation and wanted to find out how you wanted to handle it. We pulled over a woman for speeding, 18 over, and she didn't have her insurance with her. I sent the rookie to write her the tickets, but she offered to let him cum on her boobs instead," he said with a little chuckle. I was still facing my car, but I was willing to bet from the sound of his voice he was smiling now. There was a short pause in the conversation. "She's pretty. Blonde. Huge breasts, I'm guessing at least double D's-"

I interrupted him without even thinking about it, "triple D's."

Now he started outright laughing. "Sorry chief, she corrected me, triple D's." There was another pause. Then the officer gave him the location. "OK, we will handle it until you get here."

Handle it until he gets here? Either they are taking me to the station or giving me the tickets and sending me home. Why would the chief of police need to come down? And what was with giving him a description of me?

I grabbed my arm and turned me around. He was smiling. And looking me up and down. I glanced at the rookie who looked completely confused as to what was going on. But I had figured it out. I was going to have to work to get out of this situation.

He reached out and cupped both my breasts. "Are you going to cooperate for us, so you can get out of those tickets?" he asked, never looking up from my chest.

"Yes officer, I'll do whatever it takes," I said, trying to look sweet and innocent. I've always had a thing for cops, so I wasn't too upset.

"Good," he said as he started to unbutton the rest of my blouse. He then pushed in back on my arms around my elbows. He couldn't get it off because of the hand cuffs and it was pretty obvious to me those were not coming off. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a pocket knife. Before I knew it he had cut my bra off of me. I was a little windy out and my pierced nipple got hard instantly. He began to roughly pinch and pull on them, even twisting them a little. I let out a whimper and he glanced up and smiled at me, apparently pleased to cause me a little pain.

The rookie was just staring with his mouth slightly open. The older officer gestured for him to come closer. "Did you see she has piercings on these perfect nipples? You ever see titties this nice before rookie?" he asked. He almost sounded like he was teasing him a little. He knew he was uncomfortable. 

"Uh, no, I haven't sir," he said shyly. I could see him swallow after he said that.

"You hear that?" he asked looking me in the eyes again. "The rookie here likes your tits. And you did offer to let him cum on them....get on your knees," he ordered as he let go of my nipples. I did so, right there on the side of the road. "Good girl." He turned his attention to the rookie again. "Ok rook, take that cock out."

The rookie still seemed confused. "What?" he asked.

"Take out your cock, it's time to take this nice woman up on her offer. Just take it out and put it in front of her face." He looked at me again. "She will gladly open her mouth for you, right my dear?"

"Yes officer," I said. I was actually growing excited. I could feel my panties getting moist. I looked up at the rookie with wide pleading eyes.

After a few moments of what seemed like deep thought, the rookie finally seemed to realize he was going to get some enjoyment. He hurriedly unzipped his pants and his hard cock popped out. I was a little disappointed in his size. He was maybe 5 inches, maybe.

"Now make sure you pull out and cum on those tits rookie," the other officer said, while he was right there to watch. 

I opened my mouth as the rookie stuck his pathetic dick in my mouth. I went to work sucking it. I had no problem fitting the whole thing in my mouth. I would take all of it in my mouth then pull back so just the tip was in my mouth. He was moaning loudly. I glanced up and he was watching me with his mouth gaping. I glanced at the other officer and he was smiling at me, obviously enjoying the show. I could see a big bulge in his pants and began to hope he would be next.

It didn't take much for the young cop to cum. Only about a minute and I could taste his cum squirting in my mouth. He suddenly realized he told to cum on my tits, but when he pulled out he just got some on my face. I happily swallowed the rest, it wasn't much.

"Rookie, I told you to cum on her tits. That was the offer she made," he joked. "I guess I'll have to take care of covering her tits with cum," he said as he winked at me.

The rookie stepped to the side as the other cop stepped up and took out his member. It looked like it was almost 9 inches and thick. I'm sure he noticed my eyes widen. "Open up sweetheart," he told me, although it wasn't necessary. I was eager to get his cock in my mouth.

My mouth had to be open as wide as I could to fit him inside. He didn't even bother to wipe the rookie's cum off my face before he shoved his dick down my throat. He grabbed a handful of my hair and held my head as he started fucking my mouth. He was pushing his cock all the way to the back of my throat. I looked up at him and he smiled down at me again. "Damn, you like my cock huh? I bet your pussy is getting all wet," he said. The rookie was watching with his cock still hanging out.

"Oh fuck yeah, suck that cock baby," he moaned. He started fucking me harder. My eyes began to water. My jaw began to ache. He did not blow his load as fast as the rookie did. It was probably at least 10 minutes before I felt him start to cum. He only let me taste a drop before he pulled out and spewed all over my tits with his first spurt. His second spurt landed on my tits too. His third and fourth he used to cover my face. I couldn't remember the last time I saw a man cum so much. I was really covered. I wanted to cum too. This had turned me on more than I thought possible.

Just as he finished cumming a car pulled up. An older man, probably close to 60 came out and started walking towards us. "Hello chief," the cop said cheerfully. "You want to give it a go?"

The chief walked right up to me and smiled. What a site I must have been. On my knees on the side of the road, hands cuffed behind my back with my shirt around my arms, no bra, face and tits completely covered in cum. "Well it looks like she got a good load out of you," he said. "Wow, those are some nice tits. Did you save her pussy for me boys?"

"Of course chief, and I bet she is wet and ready for you," the other cop said. The rookie was staring at me, seemingly amazed by the night's turn of events. His little dick was hard again.

"Well did you like sucking their cocks?" the chief asked me.

"Oh yes, and he is right, I am wet and ready," I said looking at him with cum slowly dripping off me. And I was. 

The chief and cop with the big cock laughed and looked at each other. Then the chief motioned to both the other cops, "get her off her knees boys." The rookie and other cop came over and each took an arm and lifted me to my feet. The chief then looked at the rookie, "OK Johnny, get her pants down around her ankles for me," he ordered. 

The rookie just stood there for a minute until the chief motioned for him to do it. He came over and fumbled with the snap on my jeans and zipper, but eventually got it. Then he pulled them down to my ankles revealing my red lace panties. Both other cops whistled at me. "Pull those panties down too rook," said the other cop. He did as he was told and then took a step back and stared at me. 

The chief took out his cock now. It was almost as big as the other cops. I was very happy it wasn't as small as the rookie's. I needed something big inside me. The chief turned me around and bent me over the trunk of my car. "Tell me you want it," he said as he rubbed his cock against me. "Tell me you want me to fuck you."

"I want you to fuck me," I replied. "I want your cock inside me, please, fuck my pussy." I was begging a man twice my age to fuck me. He did. He started off gentle. Thrusting slow and not very deep. 

I wanted more. I wanted it rough and deep. I tried as best I could to thrust my hips back into him, but it was hard handcuffed and bent over a car. My tits were sliding on the car because of all the cum on them. But he could tell what I was trying to do. "You like it rough. I'll give you rough," he said as he started began pounding into me. "Is that better? Do you like that?"

"Yes! Don't stop! Please keep fucking me," I screamed. It felt good, even though my hips began to hurt after awhile from being slammed into the car.

"You cunt is so tight and wet," the chief gasped. "I'm not going to be able to hold out very long." After a few more thrusts he moaned and I could feel his cum filling my pussy. "Sorry dear, that's all this old man has got. But I bet one of my other officers can finish you off." He slid his shrinking dick out of me.

Then I felt someone grab my arms and pull me up strait and turn me around. I was face to face with the cop with the big cock. He lifted me so I was sitting on the trunk and started fucking my pussy as hard as he could without saying a word. The chief and rookie were both watching, which turned me on even more. It didn't take long before I felt my orgasm building. He could tell because he started fucking me even harder. It was actually painful, but still felt amazing. "Fuck!" I screamed. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Don't stop!"

I had a mind blowing orgasm. I felt like I might even pass out. My pussy contracting on his cock was all he needed to bring him over the edge and I felt another huge load filling me. After he was spent, he turned to the rookie. "Ok, your turn to make her cum." I felt like this might be some kind of initiation for him.

As he stepped forward I could not even speak, but I closed my legs and shook my head. I was still too sensitive from my orgasm to take another cock in my pussy right now. He looked back at the others. "That's ok Johnny, turn her over and fuck her ass." He rolled me over put the head of his cock against my asshole. So much cum had dripped out of my cunt and dripped down to my ass that lubricant was not an issue. Plus he was so small I doubt if it would matter.

I liked anal sex. But his cock was so small I barely felt it. And again he came in less than a minute. He pulled out and started to step away. The chief came up behind him and pushed him back towards me. "You need to make her cum boy," the chief said. 

The rookie didn't know what to do. "But, I can't. I won't be able to get it up again."

"Well you better start eating that pussy then," the other cop said. He came over and turned me around again so I was sitting on the edge of the trunk. He reached down and spread my legs.

"B-but, she covered in cum," he stammered. "I can see it dripping out of her still."

"Are you trying to say there is something wrong with our cum?" said the chief.

"Well, no, but..." The rookie didn't know what to say. The other cop came up behind him and pushed down on the back of his head. He only resisted for a couple seconds before he lowered his mouth to my pussy. He was barely licking me at first. Then the other cop pushed his head down so it was buried between my thighs. 

He tried, but he didn't seem to have any experience when it came to eating pussy. "Ok," said the chief. "Let's try something else." The rookie lifted his head and I could see cum all over his face.

The chief grabbed his night stick. I stared for a second before I figured out what he was going to do. That night stick was much bigger than any cock I'd ever had. Not just long, but thick. "NO, not that. Don't fuck me with that, please! It's too big." The chief and other cop both laughed. The chief handed the night stick to the rookie. Then the chief and other cop came over and each took one of my legs and held them up and spread.

"Ok, go ahead Johnny," said the chief. 

"But she said no," Johnny replied.

"She'll change her mind soon, don't worry, do it," the chief ordered.

The rookie reluctantly brought the nightstick to my pussy. We looked at each other in the eyes. "Please don't," I begged. He kept looking into my eyes as he plunged the hard stick inside me. I screamed as I felt I was being ripped apart. 

"You can scream all you want dear," said the other cop. "There is no one around to hear you."

The rookie was putting about 8 inches inside me. It looked like there were 12 inches before the handle. "Deeper rookie," the other cop ordered. Now I had 10 inches going in me. "Deeper!" he screamed at the rookie. The rookie did as he was told. He kept ramming all 12 inches of this hard, thick object into me. My screams got louder.

The other cop reached over and started rubbing my clit. Unlike the rookie, he obviously knew his way around a female body. I started enjoying the assault on my body. I started moaning instead of screaming. There was still intense pain, but it seemed to enhance the pleasure my clit was getting. If they were not holding me I don't think I would have been able to be still. My body started to shake and I came all over the object that was used to rape me.

They uncuffed me and left me there, sprawled across the trunk of my car, dried cum all over my face and tits, cum dripping out of my pussy and asshole. I think they were talking as they were leaving, maybe to each other, maybe to me; I couldn't tell. I was barely able to get up. I don't know how I managed to get my clothes back on. I had bruises on my hips and red welts around my wrists from the cuffs. I passed out as soon as I got home.