 My girlfriend Liz just found out she was pregnant. She wasn't showing at all, but she was very excited. Liz called her sister Betsy and gave her the news. Betsy decided to pay a visit and see her now pregnant sister. Betsy was unlike her older sister. She was blonde with fairly large breasts. Liz was dark haired and on the slim, petite side. The night that Betsy arrived, we broke out a bottle of wine or two. Before long, both women were fairly tipsy. After we got caught up on all the events going on in our lives, it was nearly midnight. Liz and I decided to call it a day.

My girlfriend gets very horny after drinking a little alcohol. We got into bed and in a few minutes I was fucking Liz. I had her legs up over my shoulders and I was slamming her pussy with my meat. My cock was hard as a rock and all I wanted to do was drive my pecker into Liz. I'm afraid my girlfriend gets pretty vocal in bed. You could hear skin hitting skin as I slid my cock in past Liz's wet folds. She had my cock in a death grip and I was finding it hard to control myself from cumming.

I fucked her pussy faster, knowing I was almost there. Liz started to convulse and I lost it. I blew my scalding load of cum deep into her belly. I just kept pounding her until I got soft and slipped out. I stood up and looked down at my girlfriend. She was lying there on her back, her thighs were spread and her pussy was leaking from all the seed I shot into her. Just that moment I heard something stirring behind me. I turned around and there was Betsy, she was standing in the doorway.

"I heard you both and I couldn't stand it any longer," she said. 

Betsy had her bathrobe on. She walked into our bedroom and slipped it off. Betsy then got up onto the bed. Liz was watching her the whole time. I was standing there paralyzed. Betsy crawled in between her sister's thighs and began to lick her cum stained pussy. Liz reached out and took hold of her sister's head. She had her fingers in Betsy's hair, urging her on. Both sisters then proceeded to have hot oral sex on our bed!

Liz and Betsy were moaning and screaming out loud. Liz was thrusting her crotch into her sister's face. As I stood there watching, my cock started to grow hard once more. I began to stroke myself, knowing I had to get in on the action. I walked in behind Betsy. She was on all fours lapping at her sister's slick pussy. I place my hands on her hips and my cock head found her opening. I pushed in hard. Betsy clamped down hard around my thick pecker. As I shoved into her pussy, she pushed back to meet me. There we were, three bodies melded together. I know Liz was lost as she was having her pussy sucked clean. I got into a rhythm and slammed my meat into Betsy. Eventually both women came to a climax and I lost my concentration. I shot a load of my seed into Betsy's hot quim.

When I woke up the next morning, things were very quiet. Both women looked very embarrassed when we sat down for coffee, barely a word was spoken. Liz got up and got a shower. Liz got dressed, saying she had to run to the grocery store. I think she needed to clear her head and get out of the apartment for awhile. Betsy and I finished our coffee and sat on the couch. I looked over at Betsy and said we needed to talk. 

"Let's just drop it please?" said Betsy.

I asked her if she enjoyed last night or not.

"Of course I did," she replied.

I stood up, directly in front of her and unzipped my shorts. My cock sprung loose.

"No Don, please don't," Betsy was pleaded with me.

I took her hands in mine and pulled her up from the couch. I loosened the belt on her bathrobe. Her tits came free. Her nipples were erect and I took one in my mouth. Betsy's defenses collapsed right there. She pushed her tits into my face and I sucked and chewed on both nipples. I pulled the bathrobe off and slid a finger along her slit. She was damp. I took my shirt off and removed my shorts. We then made our way back to the bed and I took Betsy.

I pushed my mushroom head past her hairy folds. I slid in an inch at a time and then pulled back out. I slowly filled her pussy up with my long rod. Betsy then begged me to fuck her hard. I took her up by her ankles and gave the deepest strokes I could produce. I knew this would have to be a short fuck session, Liz would be back shortly. I pounded Betsy as hard as I could with my erect prick. She finally couldn't fight it anymore and she began to shower me with her cum. 

Betsy squirted all over my dick and groin. I had never made love to a squirter before. She just kept spraying me with her flow. We finished and Betsy weakly went into the bathroom to clean up. While Betsy was showering, Liz returned. Things lightened up a bit after that. No, we didn't have another threesome that weekend. I fucked my girlfriend that night, but my mind was on her sister, Betsy. 

Betsy and I found one more time to be together. When Liz went down to the laundromat, we went at it immediately. Betsy sucked my cock and I went down on her. Betsy then mounted me and rode my cock hard. I was massaging her big tits as she slammed down onto my rigid pole. I gave her more of my cum and she coated me with her wet juices. 

Betsy left the following morning, but not before I got her cellphone number. We are now planning to hookup sometime in the near future.