 I've always been one to neglect my car. I let 10k miles go between oil changes, will ride with a low pressure light on for months. One day a few months ago, the car was making some weird noises so I finally decided to bite the bullet and take it in. 

It was close to closing time as I had gotten stuck in traffic, so luckily, they let me bring my car around for some diagnostics. I was the last customer of the day. I sat there alone in the waiting area watching the owner pack up and leave along with one or two of the several mechanics whose shifts had ended long before my car rolled in. It was just me, 4 mechanics, and one administrative assistant staying late to catch up on her paperwork. 

Once they had assessed the damage, the lead mechanic walked up to me sitting all alone. He broke the bad news that it would be roughly about 5 grand, and I just don't have that kind of cash. I asked if there was some form of payment options. I was told that unfortunately only full payments are accepted. Apparently, they've been burned before doing the work before payment and then customers not paying them after. However, he had one thing I could do for payment. 

He walked over to me where I sat, his hips just inches from my face. I could see a slight bulge beginning to form behind the zipper of his pants. It became clear to me that instant that the only way I was getting out of this was having a big cock entering somewhere in my body. I nodded my agreement as he locked the front door and turned the blinds. He grabbed my hand and led me to the admin office. Clearly this is something that has happened before because the admin assistant appeared to know this was her cue to walk out and mind her own business. As I set my purse on the nearest chair, I felt his hand slide up my skirt, running his fingertips along the lace of my thigh high stockings and up my ass cheeks, and then back down along my thong to my pussy which was getting noticeably wetter by the second. 

His wandering hand found the zipper of my skirt, sliding it down, followed by the skirt itself leaving me in my shirt, thong, and thigh highs only. My shoulders were guided down to where I was bent over at the waist over the desk. I could feel his hard cock pressing against the lace of my thong, needing to get in. His fingers found their way to my pussy, aching and dripping down my thighs at this point. His large fingers filled me on their own so I was anxiously anticipating his cock at this point. I'd never done this kind of thing before in the past, and considered myself to be a "good" girl who would never do anything this naughty. 

I pulled down my thong begging him to fill me completely. He let the tip of his cock slide up and down my soaked slit, before thrusting his full, long and thick length in me. I could feel every inch of him stretching my tight pussy to capacity. He increased his momentum, holding my hips to stabilize himself, and pull me in to match his every push.. I started to rub my clit, feeling a massive orgasm building. He removed his hands from my hips to slap my ass and pull my hair. The hair pull put me over the edge, I came all over his hard cock which was his signal it was ok for him to cum. He held my hips in place as he shot his hot cum deep in my pussy. 

He removed his still pulsating cock from my drenched slit and told me that the repairs were on the house, now and as long as I come/cum there for servicing. 

He left the room to start actually working on my car with the other mechanics. At the same time, the administrative assistant walked in. By the look on her face, she could smell the sex that had occurred moments before. I did the best I could to hide my embarrassment while attempting to gather myself and put my skirt back on. She grabbed my hand and offered her assistance. I shamefully accepted. Her hand skimmed the sides of my hips and I knew I wasn't done paying for my repairs. She tied her long blond hair back into a ponytail and started to kiss my neck. Her gentle fingers ran through my hair as she started to kiss my lips. Her tongue found mine while her fingers moved down to my nipples. Slowly letting her thumb play, her other hand found the buttons on my blouse, undoing each button with care. Soon, I was naked again, this time my ass on her desk, pussy still dripping on the cold metal. 

As I layed back, she climbed on top of me, her mouth finding my breasts, slowly circling each nipple. Her hand ran down my body and began rubbing my clit, occasionally dipping her middle finger into my cum filled pussy. She got off of me, spreading my knees. I could feel her warm breath over my extended clit and dripping slit. Her tongue lapped up the cum from the mechanic, darting in and out of my pussy, sliding up the length of my pussy and circling the clit. I grabbed her ponytail, holding her mouth on my clit while her fingers fucked my pussy. I was so turned on, all I wanted was to cum again, so bashfully, I asked for her to slide a finger in my ass. Her ring finger slipped in my pussy for some lube, and then penetrated my ass in synch with the three fingers in my pussy that were rubbing my g-spot. As I was on the cusp of another massive orgasm, she stopped licking my clit and removed her fingers from my various holes. 

Her pants and panties were on the ground. She walked over to the desk and climbed on top. Just as I was aware she was climbing up, her pussy was hovering over my face, slowly lowering down. I could smell the wetness and see how turned on she was. I stuck out my tongue and lapped up her sweet juices. Her massive clit was in my sights and I leaned forward to suck it into my mouth. I ate my first pussy, sucking, licking and fingering her, savoring her taste, almost to completion. 

She removed her pussy from my face, quite abruptly. She was about to cum and wanted to cum, grinding against mine. Our pussies together were a slick mess. They slid across each other with ease, helping our clits find each other. Soon, I was on the brink again and I could tell she was as well. I kissed her as she ground her pussy hard against mine as she moaned into my mouth. It set me over the edge and we came together. 

She recovered, resting her head in the crook of my neck and told me that she'd love to have me again. I agreed and told her that was the hardest cum I'd had up until then. She told me to stay put in the office and my car would be done soon enough, but she needed to get home to her boyfriend. As I dressed, she left shutting the door behind her. I hoped I'd be ready to go home soon. 

No sooner had that thought crossed my mind, in walked 3 of the mechanics who had been working on my car for the last hour or so. Their coveralls were stained from the days work and their hands were all blackened from the oil. It was their turn to receive payment for their services. 

The first to approach me was a heavily tattooed man with large arm muscles that looked fresh off the prison yard. His knuckle tattoos were the first thing I noticed as his hand found my pierced nipple beneath my shirt. His hands left marks of engine grease on my blouse as he felt both of my breasts showing where he had been. Something about it was so dirty and so wrong, but after my last two encounters in that office, I was up for and more than willing to do anything. 

He released his fingers from his over the blouse grip on my nipple rings to unbutton his coverall. Beneath his clothes matched the prison chic look of his arms, covered in tattoos and a body that had many hours to work out with not much else to do. I glided my hand over his abdomen, feeling his rock hard abs, and feeling down to his rock hard cock. My fingers maneuvered their way into his boxers to find a large cock at full attention. I put my hand around the cock, well as far as they would go, trying to jerk him off while his coworkers watched and waited for their turn. 

His cock was so large and so wide, my puny fingers didn't feel like they were doing it justice and I knew I'd probably never have a cock this magnificent anywhere near my slippery pussy again, so, I so innocently asked him if he'd fuck the living shit out of me. He so graciously obliged, knocking everything that had remained on the desk onto the floor. He was a little less careful with me than my previous fucks of the day, ripping my thong to get access to my slit. I layed back on the desk, scooting my ass to the very edge so I could feel every single inch of his massive cock enter into me. First the swollen tip, then the rest, and then pulling out. I could feel his head rubbing my gspot while I moaned with pain from how large it was, and pleasure for the same reason. As he pumped his cock in my filled pussy, another mechanic who had been jerking off to the sight hovered his cock over my mouth waiting for me to suck it. 

I licked the underside, from his balls up to the tip before taking the whole thing down my throat. He fucked my face while pushing through my gag reflex. He removed his cock, and climbed on top so I could take it down the throat head on instead of from the side. Each leg on either side of my ribs, with his hands supporting his body on the other ends of the desk, his pelvic thrusts pushed his cock down and out of my throat. I didn't mind the throat fucking, as my pussy was getting the fucking of a lifetime. I felt a huge cum building, despite him not even seeming close. Soon the rubbing against my gspot caused me to squirt as I came, soaking his cock even further. 

As I came, the guy fucking my throat received extra stimulation from my moaning onto his cock. The vibrations of my moan sent him over the edge and he dumped a huge load of cum into the back of my mouth. I don't normally swallow but it seemed to be the right thing to do at this time. 

My enormously endowed friend must have gotten a bit tired as he let the last guy take a turn. His cock was decent but no where close to what I had just experienced. I was so wet, I took him right in. He had been rubbing his own cock for so long, it didn't take him long to cum. He shot his load deep in my stretched cunt. Pulling every last drop out as he squeezed it with his hand while pulling out of me. 

Before sliding back in me, Mr. Big, grabbed my hips and lifted my pussy toward his face. He ran his tongue over my wetness and cum filled pussy, sticking his tongue in licking up the cum already in me. He put 3 of his fingers in my pussy, leaving his pinky finger for my ass, fingering me and licking my clit. I'd never felt anything so incredible. I grabbed his head and pushed his face into my pussy building closer and closer to a cum. Instead, he removed every finger and his face from my swollen, throbbing pussy, helping me, still mostly dressed with my ripped thong and skirt lifted up in a bundle around my waist, off the desk as he laid down. I crawled on top of him, easing my pussy down him, inch by inch until I could feel he wouldn't all fit in me. 

He grabbed my waist helping me fucking him lifting me up and down as I bounced on his cock. It was just too much for me to take so I started to rock back and forth on him, choosing how far I let him come out or go in. My clit was rubbing against his pubic bone so I knew I'd be cuming again shortly. As I moved faster and faster, getting closer with each rub, i could feel his cock swell. I was almost over the edge, when I could feel him explode in me, the pulsation putting me over. I collapsed on him after such a sex filled evening. The scent of sex was heavy in the air, a mixture of all 6 of us cuming. We all composed ourselves and dressed. As I got ready to leave, I knew where I'd always be cuming to get my car worked on, and I'm sure they'd be happy to do it again for me.