 I stepped from the shower and stood staring at myself in the foggy mirror. Wiping the steam from the glass I looked down and was pleased with my now smooth bald pussy. I could just see the pussy lips handing down and laughed at the thought that they were pouting. I looked up over my flat belly to my firm tits and smiled at how they stood out without the help of a bra. I looked at my still wet hair and imagined how shiny it would be once I finished drying it, the long dark strands would fall gently over my shoulders and frame my face nicely. Closing my eyes I ran my hands lightly over my nipples feeling them harden to the touch of my fingers and a small chill of excitement flowed though me. I would find Rob tonight and I would have him. This body would lure him in and then ravage him, leave him knowing what it means to be satisfied. I smiled and went to work on his bait.

As I worked the towel through my hair I thought about Rob. At a little over six foot and about 210 pounds he was all muscle. As middle linebacker of our college squad he was so good at his play that he was the captain of the team. As a cheerleader I'd watched as he led the defense in stopping our opponents and allowing our often-inept offense the time it needed to find a few points. Rob was very good at football and tonight I'd show him how good he could be with a woman.

I'd already knew what I would were tonight, I'd bought it all just for this occasion. I slid on the panties I'd bought and giggled when saw how my pussy was clearly visible through the flimsy material. Turning slowly around I looked at my ass and how the panties helped to frame my backside. I quietly wondered if Rob might have enough to fill that hole too. Picking up the black half bra I pulled tight to hook the snaps between my now squeezed and plump tits. My nipples stood above the low cut material of the bra and remained hard and erect. I took a moment to check the two garments and how they made me look. Yes, this would do nicely.

I slipped on a short summer like dress made of sheer cotton and with the right backlighting would reveal all. The hem was just long enough to cover my bare pussy while I stood but sitting down, well that's how I intended to bait my hook. I put a pair of long dangling earrings on and then slipped into some truly fuck me heels and once again checked myself out. The top of the dress hung loosely and was cut in a deep vee. I leaned over just a bit and my half clad tits were clearly on display. Perfect. If Rob needed some help I could just find a reason to bend over in front of him and flash my tits. If that wasn't enough I could sit down and let his eyes climb my well-toned legs till his cock reacted to the site on my shaved puss.

I clef my apartment and got into my car. Sitting for a moment in the drivers seat I angled the rearview mirror down as I stretched my legs out to reach the pedals. Even I was a little turned on to see my dampening pussy clearly. Now to find Rob and make him take the bait.

Every time I'd seen Rob off the field there was at least one bimbo clutching his arm and most times there were two or three. I wasn't concerned about the competition because I knew that dressed like I was and wanting what I wanted no one would keep Rob's eyes off me tonight. We'd won the game, thanks again to Rob and the defense so I knew where the team would be partying and I headed to Joe's Bar, just on the outskirts of town. About a mile from the bar I saw a man walking towards me and as I passed him by I realized it was Rob. Braking hard and fishtailing a u-turn I drove up next to him tooted the horn and lowered the passenger window. I leaned over to call to him. He came to the car and leaned on the passenger door and said nodded at me. I could see his eyes were fixed on my tits and as I said leaning over like this exposed them completely. 

"Rob, do you need a ride?"

I smiled and shifted in my seat trying to let him catch a glimpse of my thighs and pussy.

"Oh, I 'm just heading home, didn't feel like hanging out at Joe's tonight. If you wouldn't mind, I'd love a ride. Say aren't you one of the cheerleaders?

"Yeah, I'm Jill. I was headed to Joe's just now myself, but I'd be glad to give you a ride back."

"Ah, you probably are looking to party with the gang at Joe's I'll just walk."

"Rob, you have anything to drink at your place, beer, wine or whiskey?"

"I got some good Tequila and maybe a few beers, why?"

"Well nothing beats a few drink, hop in and I'll let you ply my with Tequila in return for the favor. OK?"

"Deal, after the game the thought of a long walk was not on top of my favorite things to do list anyway. If you stop at the store, I can run in and find some limes to go with the Tequila."

So I drove Rob home enjoying how easy it had been so far. I stared at his ass as he went into the convenience mart for some limes and licked my lips as I did. Man that was a nice firm butt and I could not wait to get my hands on it. I was squirming a but in the seat as I watched him return with a bag of limes and my excitement made my tires squeal as I hit the gas pedal a bit too hard when we left. 

"Nice chirps Jill. I think that the cops are going to be out after the victory tonight so watch it. You don't want to get a ticket."

"Sorry Rob sometimes the gas pedal sticks and jumps like that. I just never know when it's going to happen. I promise to get you home safe and then enjoy the free drinks."

We both laughed and soon we were out of the car and walking into Rob's apartment building. My pussy was getting wetter as we neared the door and as I stepped into his place I felt a little trickle of my juices slide down my thigh. I could only imagine how wet my panties had to be. Rob told me to have a seat on the couch and he went to the kitchen to cut the limes and grab the Tequila and glasses. Rob may have been one of the most handsome guys on campus but like most of us his place was a mess, a comfortable mess but a mess nonetheless. 

Returning from the kitchen and setting the stuff down in front of us on the used coffee table Rob sat next to me. I leaned over to grab the bottle and a glass, once again showing off my tits and judging by the fix of his eyes he had no problem finding my gems. I stayed bent over to pour Tequila into the two glasses and then handed Rob a slice of lime and a glass. Taking my own glass and lime I clinked mine against his and said.

"Here's to a great defense."

Rob genuinely smiled and downed his Tequila as I swallowed mine. Chomping down on our limes together we grinned as the Tequila burned its way to out bellies. This time Rob poured our shots and clinking his glass against mine this time said.

"Here's to one beautiful girl who actually knows football."

I smiled and tossed the second shot down and then leaned over and bit into Rob's lime taking it from his hands then putting my lips to his pushed it into his mouth. His arms wrapped around me and as we shared this one piece of lime I allowed my hand to graze his manhood. He was hard and tenting out his jeans nicely.

Rob backed his lips from mine and spat the lime out on the table then pulled me back into him and planted his lips on mine, shoving his thick tongue into me. I could still taste lime and Tequila as I made his tongue feel at home and kissed him back while my hand get serious exploring the swollen area of his pants. In no time at all Rob's hand slid over my right tits and he squeezed it then pinched my nipple sending shivers of joy cascading through my body and reverberating on my pussy. 

I worked his belt and then the snap of his slacks before pulling his zipper down. I fished my hands inside his boxers and found his hot hard cock and started to stroke it. While I had been on my search Rob had managed to unzip my dress and slide it down then unsnap my bra. He then moved his lips from mine lowering them to my tits sucking' first one nipple then the other. I pulled my hand off his cock long enough to push his slacks past his knees and to the floor followed quickly by his boxers. He flicked his legs and sent his pants sailing across the room. I knelt up beside Rob then bent over to take his rod in my mouth. I knew from how it stretched my hand that Rob had been well endowed. Looking down now at the cock that was barely held in my hand I drooled at the thought of it filling me, but for now I wanted to taste that monster and give Rob the opportunity to rid me of my dress and panties.

As my tongue gently licked the length of his cock I felt his hands begin to explore my pussy. Oh it felt so good to have a man's fingers doing what I had been doing to myself and he knew where all the buttons were. As his fingers played with my hardening clit I opened my mouth wide to accept his cock. It was a tight fit and it took me a few moments to work it into my mouth. I could feel the ridges in the side of his hot cock with my lips as it slipped deeper into my mouth and wondered how great they would feel as he split my pussy open.

I had a rhythm going bobbing up and down on Rob's cock as his hands played with my pussy. I felt his thumb circling my clit and at least two fingers probing my wet hole. When he slipped a finger in my ass I knew it was going to be a great night, as long as Rob has the ability to go more then once. I used my hands to cup and massage his balls as I sucked his cock. At one point I tried to take him deep enough to slide my tongue out from under his meat and lick his balls but I started to gag. I pulled his saliva soaked cock to catch my breath the forced my mouth, back down on his staff. This time I controlled my gag reflex as his cock entered my throat and slipped my tongue out and caressed his balls.

I was hot and decided it was time to fit this cock in my hot pussy. I let his cock drop from my mouth and turned around and straddled Rob. I grabbed his cock with my left hand and got it in position, then lowered my cunt down, allowing his shaft to slide into me. I groaned as it kept filling me, splitting me open. I arched my back shoving my tits into Rob's face and he took my right tit into his mouth and sucked hard on my nipple.

"Shit, yes."

I shouted as I rose up and down on Rob's cock. Faster and fasted I moved enjoying how his cock felt as it rubbed the walls of my pussy. All those ridges and veins popping along further turned me on and I was coming very close to an orgasm. Rob was breathing hard but didn't look like he was ready to unload so I sped up my movements fucking him as hard as I could. I felt myself losing control and knew that I was close. When I felt his cock jerk as I slid once more down upon him it set me off and my orgasm rose up and took control of my body. His cock jerked again and I felt hot liquid splashing on my pussy walls and reveled in the knowledge of his cum coating my pussy as I came.

As we both settled down I stayed seated on him and his cock rested inside me. I could feel it was still firm if not hard and enjoyed the feeling of it. I flexed my pussy muscles around him and saw a flicker of a smile on his face. He opened his eyes and said.

"I'm sure that if you use that nasty mouth of yours on me we'll be ready for another go just as soon as your are Jill."

That was an invitation I longed for. I wanted to taste his cum and my own pussy juices too. I slipped off his semi rigid cock and swung my head down. I first licked the length of him, capturing our mixed fluids and enjoying the combined flavor of his salty seed and my own musky emissions. When I licked his balls I noticed his cock start to rise a bit. I took him completely in my mouth and sucked him, using my tongue to tickle the underside of his cock. I could feel him growing in my mouth and in the afterglow of my own orgasm I took little notice of his fingers as they explores my ass. It wasn't until his forced a third finger in my ass that I knew he would not take my pussy this time. I could not help but moan as he worked those three fingers in my asshole. My head was bouncing up and down on his cock as I felt his hands pulling me off. I looked back over my shoulder at Rob as he knelt behind me with his slick wet cock in his hands.

"Just relax, Jill! I know you're going to like this a lot."

"Take my ass Rob."

He looked startled by my words, I gather he had prepared himself for some convincing but he quickly moved the tip of his cock against my anus and pushed. This was the hardest part for me, opening my asshole. Once inside I loved it, but the first push was painful. Rob pushed.

"Shit, wow. No. NO. Don't stop."

My hands had gripped the couch cushions in a death grip as his cock pierced my back door. I felt is slip through the initial barrier and once inside felt myself relax. As his fat cock spread my ass open I reached under myself and used my fingers on my clit, rubbing it fast as Rob buried his cock in my ass. Oh it felt wonderful now, so full of cock, my fingers dancing on my clit. He pulled back and slid in again, but too slowly for me.

"Do me Rob, fuck my ass. Take me hard, let me be your bitch, use me."

I liked the way he obeyed me shoving his meat deep inside me then pounding his cock fast and hard into my ass. I was rubbing my own clit just a fast as Rob fucked me and in no time I was ready to blow again.

"Oh yeah, fuck my ass baby, fuck it."

I was starting to babble and felt myself drooling as he filled my ass over and over. My pussy was erupting from the ass fucking and my magic fingers and I screamed.

"I'm cuming baby. I'm cuming!"

His cock jerked in my ass soon after and I heard Rob grunt with satisfaction as his cock spewed his white seed deep in my ass. I was beat. Rob was very good and he had reamed both my holes so well. I looked at him and he too looked at his end and I rolled back over and took him in my arms and kissed his lips.

"Thank you for a wonderful fuck, Rob. Can I stay just a bit to rest up?'

"Jill stay here and rest. I enjoyed you very much, I love your slutty mouth and your ass was nice and tight. Get some rest, I'm sure you'll be needing it later."

Puzzled by his words but too tired and happy to do anything I closed my eyes and laid my head on Rob's shoulder and slept. I don't know how long I slept before I felt my legs being pulled apart. With my eyes still closed I felt a wet tongue lick my slit and enjoyed the mental image of Rob eating my pussy. I lay there for some time letting his tongue batter my clit and plunge into my puss. I was a little surprised that he was willing to taste his own cum oozing from my puss and ass. When I felt someone put their arm over my chest flattening my tits I opened my eyes to see Rob's face right next to mine but there was still a tongue dancing around my pussy. I lifted my head and tried to see who might own this talented tongue but could only see a mop of blonde hair. I was enjoying it too much to care about the owner of the tongue, I just wanted to lie there and let it continue to stimulate my cunt.

I sensed more movement in the room and looked to my left to see a brunette head bobbing between another mans legs, obviously sucking his cock. I could see she was naked and that between her legs was a man's face with his tongue licking up at her pussy. My ears came into focus then and I could hear moans and groans of few people, all close by. But the person eating my cunt was so talented that I just let the orgasm they'd created wash over me. When the head pulled away I could see the slick sticky lips of a woman. She looked down at my pussy then up at me and smiled. I smiled back and said.

"Your wonderful, please don't stop."

"I am enjoying the taste of your cunt, saturated as it is with Rob's cum, but I'd really like it if we could do one another at the same time."

"Well climb on up here and give me your ass, Rob is kind of holding me here. I'm Jill and I can't wait to taste you."

"I'm Gabriella."

Gabriella positioned her cunt over my face and I eagerly kissed her pussy lips before letting my tongue explore her labia and then her clit. She did taste good and as she resumed her exploration of my cunt I used my tongue to open her up. I stayed away from her clit at first satisfying myself with rimming her pussy and then letting my tongue snake it's way thru her crack to her backdoor. I closed my mouth and puckered my lips and kissed her asshole, then rimmed it with my tongue before forcing a good part of it into her ass. I loved the musky scent of her ass and soon discovered the remnants of some cum as it oozed from her ass. The combined flavors along with the magic her tongue was doing between my legs set me off and I knew I'd be coming shortly.

I cleaned her ass then moved back to her soaking pussy taking my time licking and swallowing her juices and using my tongue like a cock and fucking her slick hole. Wrapping my arms around her ass I pulled her pussy onto my tongue trying to get as deep into her as I could. Gabriella was mimicking my moves, tonguing my recently fucked asshole then using her stiff tongue to fuck my wet hole. I could not help but push my hips up into her mouth as she pierced me with her tongue. I was closing in on another orgasm and by Gabriella's movements she too was on her way. When she finally came I had to hold her ass tight to my face as she bucked her hips and thrashed about as copious fluids poured from her slit. I did not want to lose any of it and licked and sucked as fast as I could to capture her nectars.

I felt her face backing from my spasming cunt just a bit and then there was pressure on my asshole again. At first I thought it was Gabriella spearing me with her fingers but then the sure feel of a fat stiff cock pushed through my sphincter and filled my ass. I let go a low groan into Gabriella's pussy as the cock wedged itself into my ass and began to stroke in and out of me. Still licking the remnants of her emissions I felt her body being moved to the side and replaced with a cock. I looked up at the man meat and saw a long hard cock aiming form my mouth and so I opened wide to accept it. He was gentle at first, using his cock to slowly fuck my mouth. His cock had a slight taste of pussy so I knew he'd already fucked someone. As he began to move a little fasted he reached and pushed past the end of my mouth. His cock filled my throat and as the cock in my ass was now ramming in and out of me I felt like a piece of meat skewered on both ends. Only Gabriella's soft tongue on my pussy remained to soothe me as I was being pummeled on both ends.

My ability to breath with the cock constantly filling my throat was uneven but not scary. My ass had accustomed itself to the fat cock invading it and my pussy was dripping constantly from all of this but mostly from Gabriella's talented tongue. I felt the cock in my ass spew its load and withdraw, but the cock in my mouth was still showing no signs of feeding me it's hot white cum. Somehow they managed to roll me over a bit with out me losing the cock in my mouth and I felt Gabriella's tongue now playing with my ass and a cock was forcing its way into my cunt.

As Gabriella's tongue filled my still wide-open asshole this new cock filled my wet pussy. As all three assailed my various openings I fell victim to another orgasm. I'd lost count now and really didn't care as long as the good feelings continued. I heard Gabriella's cough and assumed she swallowed a load of cum from my ass the wrong way but soon her tongue was back delving into my ass. The cock in my throat shoved itself deep into my throat and exploded sending cum streaming into my belly. Fortunately he pulled out a bit and deposited a second glob of creamy white cum in my mouth and I was able to savor the taste of him as I swallowed. His last few shots sprayed my face and hair and I used my hands to rub some of it into my skin and some into my mouth.
