 Since I've begun sharing some of my experiences with you, I'm receiving more and more letters from readers, both from the U.S. and other countries, asking for more details, background information, and, yes, even angling for a personal relationship (naughty, naughty!:)

Some of you have complimented me on my writing style. Thank you so much! That's so nice of you. I really like to write and I did take some creative writing courses in college, so it's gratifying to know that wasn't all for nothing.

I do appreciate all your responses, so I thought I would try to answer some of your many questions. You've already had some very explicit glimpses into the physical, almost athletic, aspect of what it's like for a girl to be gang-fucked, but there's just as big of an emotional side too, and I'd like to share some of that with you so you don't think of me simply as flesh. Any girl can be fucked, but not every girl fucks. Your emotion drives you; you get out what you put in, especially in a gang-bang. You can't be passive and expect to enjoy yourself. But that's true of just about everything in life, isn't it?

"What makes a girl do that?" you are wondering. Some of your letters are really asking that question, although you are a bit shy about phrasing it that way. OK, fair enough:

In the first place, when I was in high school, I never fantasized about having sex with a group of guys, and I certainly never planned for that first time. When I woke up the morning of the day I met Janie and she invited me to the theater-in-the-round party, I didn't have a clue. Oh, she was suggestive enough that I had a pretty good idea I was going to meet some attractive guys that night, and I was even prepared to have sex "on the first date" if I met someone I really liked – I even dressed for the occasion if you'll remember - but I never expected what wound up happening. Janie's suggesting the Fleets was an eye-opener, and I knew what she was hinting at by referring to "being prepared," and I was curious about that, and even willing to try it in the ass, but I was thinking one guy alone.

Anyway, one thing led to another, I had a nice little buzz on from the alcohol, and I just felt so sexy and desirable with my pussy shaved and the teensy thong, and Janie's five- inch heels, and here were all these really built guys, and then Janie actually starts fucking this guy on stage, and something in me just got released. I mean, it must have been in there all the time, but I had just never recognized it. And once it got loose, there was no putting the genie back in the bottle, so to speak. I never really thought about what we were all doing on the stage while we were doing it, it just all flowed so naturally. The flood of physical sensation I got being so utterly penetrated was so ecstatically intoxicating, I just remember feeling I didn't want it to ever stop. Your whole body just ripples and tingles, and every so often you get these repeated crescendos of pure sensation that draw the muscles in the most private part of you from quivering suddenly into full contraction, and you scream and release into three or four huge shudders and spasms. And they don't stop. And right away it starts to build again. And they just keep penetrating you. And you think, oh please don't stop, please don't ever stop. And it just goes on and on, for an hour, or two, or even three. And then they cum inside you over and over again, and they shoot all over your face, and cum is in your mouth and you taste it and swallow it, and that just makes you want even more. Ooh, G_d, I just love it so-o-o much. I get goose bumps every time I even start to think about it. 

I guess in a way it could be something like the extreme high people experience when they use a really strong drug for the first time. It's so indescribably pleasurable that all they can think about afterwards is the next time, the next time, the next time. By the way, I have personally never tried anything stronger than pot, and I promise I never will. Not cocaine, not LSD, not narcotics, nothing, with a capital "N." For me, sex is enough of a high all by itself, and believe me, when I do it, it doesn't need any drug enhancement.

Some of you wrote and asked if everything I described at the party really happened. Are you kidding me? You think someone could actually make all that up? Please. Give me a break. I can't help it if you're jealous because you weren't there.

One of you asked about my writing style; whether I use an outline, or whether the story evolves as I write it? A lot of it is from memory, but I keep a diary, so I actually had described many of the details for my diary while they were still fresh in my mind, and I always have that to refer to, and that has helped me a lot in my writing. Keeping a diary is a useful habit. So no, there's no outline unless you count the diary. The story flows pretty much the way I experienced it. The way I described the way we looked after the lights went back on, with all the cum dripping out of us and everything, and our faces and breasts all streaked and glistening, that's an image you don't easily forget.

Someone else commented that the story was so detailed that reading it felt like watching a movie. I consider that a great compliment, because I think that any good writing should give the reader vivid visual imagery. But there's so much more to it than that. In fact, for great sex, all the senses have to be stimulated at once; I certainly want you to picture my spread legs, see me getting fucked and dripping cum, but you also want to be able to feel the caress of my hot pink vaginal sheath enveloping your own cock as you slide in and out of me, the tightness of my rim as you push your throbbing shaft through it until you're all the way up my ass, hear the moans and all the wet squishy sounds, breathe in and savor the soft musk scent of a girl's readiness, bury your nose and tongue deep in her warm slippery quick; lick and taste the silky liquid essence of her arousal.

The movie comment was actually quite perceptive, because, as I hope you will see by and by from reading about our California experiences, there actually are movies of us in action, and since I have a copy of each one, I can use them to really describe the detail when I write. I've watched myself in these films many times, and fingered myself many times watching them. I know each gang-fuck scene by heart, and I can remember which cumshots were particularly messy, or if one guy's cum tasted especially good. But as far as I know, there is no movie of the theater-in-the-round party, nor did I ever see any video camera that night. Someone probably did take some stills, because I remember the flashes going off, but I've never seen any pictures, if indeed someone has any stashed away somewhere.

I was sure someone would ask about sexually transmitted diseases, and whether I worry about that, but curiously, no one did. We all know to practice safe sex, but if you do that exclusively, there goes all the cum fun, which is the best part. I never go with strangers. The football group in the theater-in-the-round was a close-knit group of young guys who wouldn't have wanted to give a disease to a friend, any more than they would have wanted to get one, so I felt safe with them in that regard, especially since Janie had been with their group before. But I have to admit, if you don't practice 100% safe sex, you are not 100% safe. That's undeniable. When we do movies, the participants are all regularly and thoroughly tested. They take that extremely seriously, especially after an unfortunate case of a girl contracting HIV caused the entire industry to stop shooting for several months. If you have a one night stand with someone you can't vouch for, use a condom. That guy doesn't get to cum in you.

I hope you like reading about my sex experiences, and I hope to be writing some more for you. Since that first California trip, and since I've been making movies, my life is lot more hectic and I don't have the luxury of much spare time to just write. I am determined to complete my Ph.D., and between studies and the movie thing, I'm pretty much straight out right now. I know I could pursue a full-time career in adult films if I wanted to, but I prefer to keep it a sidelight in my life right now. I kind of get to have my cake and eat it too. The few movies I've done have given me enough of an income so that my campus life has become very comfortable. I have a great new apartment, lots of new sexy stuff to wear, and a shiny new white BMW to replace my old Toyota, but I'm still just Amy.

Incidentally, you may already have seen Janie and me in one or more of our movies, but I'll confess that "Willow" and "Cassandra" are not the names we go by in the films. They gave us new names when the credits were added. Some girls even work under three or four different names. You'll just have to try and guess who we are when you see us. Hopefully my explicit descriptions will help you in that regard. It shouldn't be that tough. The shaved pussy won't help you though; every girl has one of those.

Janie asked me if she could add a little to this, and that's cool, so here she is:

---------

Hi everyone, it's Janie. I don't have anywhere near Amy's writing talent, so forgive me for that, but I just wanted to say hello to you all. She's editing this for me a little. Just like you, I have read all of what Amy's written. Isn't she good? She describes stuff really accurately and with lots of juicy bits. I like to read about myself doing it, and it's fun reliving some of the neat stuff we've done together. I know she told you about the first time we were taken out to dinner in California and I didn't wear any panties; I like to do that sometimes just to amuse myself. A few times I've done it on dates and placed a guy's hand there and you wouldn't believe the reaction! You have to try this. Once I even almost got fucked in a restaurant doing that, but the booth was too cramped for us to straddle each other without attracting too much attention, so I just went down on him under the table, and then he did it to me.

I liked the question about what makes a girl do that. In my case, I had sex for the first time when I was sixteen; I think it was about two weeks before I turned seventeen that I actually fucked the guy. He was a senior, I was a junior. We did oral sex for a couple of weeks before that, but once we started screwing I couldn't get enough. I just wanted to do it all the time. After he graduated, I had a few other boyfriends, and I screwed around a lot and looked forward to it all the time. One Friday night senior year I fucked three different guys together. We were all friends already anyway, and they promised they wouldn't tell anyone else, and they never did as far as I know. 

In college I often had sex with two guys, and sometimes with three or more. The first time I got fucked in the ass was sophomore year. It was actually me that wanted to do it. The guy had never done it before, and I had to persuade him to do it to me. He was afraid to hurt me. It did hurt a little the first time, but it didn't stop me from doing it again. I think we just didn't use enough lube, and the guy was so inexperienced. Anyway, it's never been a problem since; it feels good, and I enjoy the variety.

One time when I was with two guys one of them came in my mouth. That was a revelation for me. I loved that, and I told both guys right then that I loved it, so I asked the second guy to come on my face too. After that, I didn't consider sex complete unless I wound up with some cum to taste at the end. Most guys told me I was the first girl who let them do that. I thought that was kind of sad, because it's so much fun. After a while, I started getting playful with the cum, blowing bubbles, eating it out of a condom, things like that. I knew the guys loved me doing that, but it's really no big deal. I just like it.

In case anyone is curious, I had been to two other parties at the theater-in-the-round before the one I asked Amy to. I fucked six or seven of the guys both of those times, but it was nothing like the free-for-all with Amy, where we must have had at least thirty. Oh, and when those other two girls, Shannon and Melissa, joined in, that was the absolute wildest! Incidentally, I enjoy Amy's body almost as much as guys, and plus she's got a great tongue. She knows exactly how to make me cum every time.

I don't ever consider myself a "bad" girl; I just happen to like sex a lot, and I need a lot of it to keep me happy and satisfied. I don't think that makes me abnormal at all. If you don't happen to need much sex, that doesn't make you abnormal either. And if you think I'm a slut, I'm willing to bet you're not getting enough yourself.

I feel real good about Amy and me sharing these experiences. I feel like I helped her discover an important part of herself, and I'm happy about that. She's really blossomed. Who could have guessed how sexually talented she was? If we hadn't just bumped into each other that one day, both of our lives would be so different right now. I doubt I would have ever gotten into movies by myself, and I know Amy wouldn't have.

I hope Amy writes a lot more for you about our movies, and what it's like to make them. Especially the time that I got...no, I'm going to leave that out for now and save it for another time. Maybe Amy will tell you about it.

If you want to write me a note or ask me any questions, just send it to Amy; she'll see that I get it. Maybe we can do another one of these little answer pieces sometime, so you can get to know me even better. Be happy. Luv, Janie.