 Jack stared at her. "You know, watching you like this is making me very horny." He snapped his fingers and a blonde wearing a tight black bra and matching panties appeared next to him. Without a word the blonde pulled open Jack's pants. She kneeled on the floor and started to lick Jack's cock. She licked him from the root of his dick, all the way to the tip, and back down again. After she coated him with a thin film of saliva, she took the whole thing into her mouth. Jack let out a deep guttural moan as the silent blonde deep throated him.

After a few minutes her pushed her head away and she got up. She walked up to a wall and bent in half. Her arms touched the wall and her feet were spread apart. Her ass was pointing right at Lisa. Jack walked up behind the woman and without any hesitation, ripped her panties off the blonde. Lisa watched as Jack rubbed his hands all over the woman's ass cheeks and down to her wet pussy. He stepped behind her and in one thrust entered the blonde. Lisa watched this and wished that it was her. The water flowing onto her pussy was driving her insane.

"If you can create women like that," Lisa asked between gasps of pleasure, "what do you need me for?"

Jack pulled out of the blonde woman and turned to face Lisa. "This?" he said, grabbing the golden hair and forcefully yanking the woman to her feet. "She is just a plaything." He let go and she crumpled to the floor like a rag doll. "She's not real." He walked up to Lisa and started to play with her breasts, causing her to moan even louder. "You on the other hand, my dear, are very real. She doesn't react to anything I do, unless I make her do it." He bent down and sucked a nipple into his mouth. Lisa arched her back, trying to put more pressure on that sensitive area. "You and the other hand are very responsive." He walked around Lisa's prone body as he continued. "I don't want someone who is mine simply because I will them to do it. I want someone is mine of their own free will."

He stopped behind her head and whispered into her ear, "I can make all of your fantasies come true Lisa. Have you ever wondered what it is like to make love to another woman?" Lisa couldn't think strait enough to lie, or even speak, she just nodded her head. "Alright then." Jack snapped his fingers and the water stopped. Lisa was panting so hard that she didn't even notice the blonde get up off the floor and walk over too her. She opened her eyes when she felt something touching her pussy. She looked down to see the blonde holding one of her large breasts in her hand and rubbing it up and down Lisa's wet pussy. The blonde's nipple was erect. Every time it brushed against Lisa's clit it felt like an electric shock went though her body.

The blonde leaned down and started to kiss the inside of Lisa's legs. As she got within inches of Lisa's outer lips, she stopped and started on the other leg. This time she did not stop. Lisa let out a deep sigh when she felt the blonde's mouth on her sex for the first time. She started by kissing it lightly all over, driving Lisa mad. Then the blonde licked the inner folds of her pussy. Her tongue swirled around the entrance to her vagina, licking up the moisture that was forming there. She move upwards to her clit. First she made circles around it with her tongue, then she would flick it up and down over the sensitive bud. She again returned to the opening and started to fuck Lisa with her tongue. She would stick it in and wiggle it around a little before pulling it back out. Lisa's hips would move along with the rhythm of the blonde's tongue moving in and out. When the blonde stopped she moved back up to her clit and sucked it into her mouth. Lisa grabbed onto her bonds and let out a scream as the blonde would flick her tongue over her clit while applying the gentle suction.

"Will you be mine now Lisa?" Jack whispered into her ear.

Lisa could only shake her head.

He stood up and walked over to Lisa's legs. He pulled the blonde up and stood between Lisa's legs. He took is dick in his hands and in one quick motion rammed the whole thing into Lisa's well-lubricated pussy. She screamed again when he entered her. He pulled out slowly until only the head remained buried and slammed into her again. Then he started to fuck her with a slow rhythm. As he fucked her, his dick grew until he completely filled her pussy. She screamed in ecstasy/frustration every time he pushed into her. She really needed to come.

Jack stopped and his penis started to return to normal size. "Look at this" he said to Lisa as he pointed down. She looked down at his dick buried in her pussy. Just above it though his pubic hair started to part. Then a horizontal cut formed inside it. It spread to about two and a half inches then it open up. Inside was a set of teeth and a tongue that snaked out of the newly formed mouth and licked her clit. He pressed in as deep as he could and the mouth sucked her clitoris into it's mouth. Then she could feel his cock moving in her vagina again. This time though, it didn't move in and out, but around in circles.

"Stay with me Lisa," Jack said as he place his hands on her breasts. "We could have so much fun together." Then she felt two more mouths sucking on her nipples under his hands. Lisa couldn't take it anymore. For the past couple of hours, she had been tortured relentlessly. Her body ached. She had to come so badly that nothing else excited in her world for her. She would do anything just to feel that moment of greatest pleasure.

"Yes!!!" she screamed as loud as her hoarse voice would let her. "I'll stay with you!!!"

Jack leaned down and kissed her. As their lips met, Lisa's pussy exploded. She screamed into Jacks mouth as wave after glorious wave shot though her. He pussy clamped down on Jack's cock and her whole body started shaking. She started to thrash around so hard that if she wasn't tied down, she would have fallen right off the table. She thought her head was going to explode but it didn't end. Just as one orgasm would subside, another quickly followed.

****

"What's going on?" Dr. Williams screamed. Lisa was thrashing about wildly. Two assistants were holding the woman down, trying to keep her on the chair.

"I don't know," Jennifer yelled back. "She started seizing about five minutes ago, but we can't stop it."

Just then the two men lost grip of Lisa and she fell to the floor. As she hit the ground, the cables connecting Lisa to the machine came undone. Lisa's limp, lifeless body lay on the ground.

****

Lisa felt like she would come forever. When it finally stopped she just lay there on the chair panting. Jack released the bonds holding her to the table. She put her arms down, but otherwise couldn't move. Jack kissed her gently and she kissed him back. "What now?" she asked.

"Now we have some REAL fun!"

The End