 "Perfect," she said out loud to no one. As if the night couldn't get any worse, now her costume was ruined. The piece of shit car had just barely held onto life long enough to chug and puff into the gas station before it died with one last horrible cough. She had put the hood up and tinkered around in there the best she could – Karen didn't know anything about cars except how to fill them with gas. While she was bent over the greasy engine the wings she had so carefully attached to complete her 'Angel' costume had fallen into the muck.

Not that it mattered much now, without her car running there was no way she was going to make it to the party anyway. She walked over to the pay phone and dropped a coin in the slot, dialed a number. It was answered on the second ring and she could hear the din of a party in the background as a male voice said "Hello."

"Tim, its Karen. My piece of shit car gave out again and I can't get it restarted. Do you think you could come and pick me up?"

"Ah shit Karen, I've already had too many beers to drive and so have most people here. I can ask, see if I can find someone who is coming your direction and make a phone call. Where are you?"

"The gas station at the corner of Main and Vine, the new one they just built. It's cold out here and I'm not dressed to be standing outside, my costume this year wasn't Eskimo Fisherman."

"It could be worse," Tim said. "At least you are in a well lit area and can head inside and get yourself something warm to drink while you wait for a ride."

She agreed he had a point and she told him to hurry up, that she would wait inside for a ride. Karen hung up the phone and turned to walk back to her car when she noticed the man looking under her hood. She approached cautiously and called out "Hello" when she was still a safe distance away.

The man stepped back and slammed the hood closed. "She's dead, nothing I can do for her until the morning." He wasn't very old and he was strikingly handsome. He wiped his hands on a rag and stuffed it back into his back pocket as he approached her.

He held his hand out to her, "I'm Luke."

"Karen," she replied taking his hand cautiously. "Thanks for taking a look at it, but I think I should just take it to the scrap yard rather than sink any more money into trying to fix it yet again."

Luke laughed. "Probably a good idea. Where were you headed tonight, I can tell that you are dressed for a Halloween party but I can't tell what your costumed is supposed to be."

"I'm an angel, or was an angel. That damn car claimed my wings too, and they were perfect. I can't believe that car is going to ruin another night of my life! And this Halloween party was going to be great – Tim had even sprung for a keg of the good stuff."

"Tim Collins?" Luke asked. "You were on your way to Tim Collins annual Halloween party?" Tim had been hosting his Halloween parties since before he was old enough to buy the beer himself. The stories of his annual bash had become the stuff of legends around town in the twenty plus years he had been hosting. 

She nodded. "And now I won't make it, which sucks because Halloween and costume parties are my favorite."

"There's no reason we can't give you a ride," he said gesturing to a car parked in front of the convenience store. "That is if you don't mind squeezing in the back. My friends and I are headed just up the road from Tim's. We can drop you off on the way."

She thought about it for a minute. Luke was hot and he looked like a nice enough guy, and the car he had gestured to was awesome – a black Trans Am. On top of that she was getting cold and she really didn't want to miss this party, she had been looking forward to it for so long. Karen agreed to accept the ride and retrieved some things from her car. She locked the door and kicked the broken down car one last time in disgust. At least it wasn't going to ruin her night completely.

Luke escorted her across the lot to the car. The doors swung open and two other men stepped out of the car. The driver was a tall, well muscled man with dark hair and dark brooding eyes. "That's Bobby," Luke said and Bobby lifted his head almost imperceptibly in that 'too cool' greeting.

The other occupant was a short black man, only a few inches taller than Karen was but she could tell he was an athlete because his shirt sleeves bulged and his neck was thick with muscle. He smiled with a perfect set of bright whites as they were introduced, "This is Tre."

Luke explained that Karen's car had broken down and that she was on her way to Tim Collin's Halloween party. Since they were on their way past there they were going to drop her off. This didn't seem disagreeable to either of the cars other passengers and Karen was helped into the back seat behind Bobby and Luke dropped into the seat beside her.

Bobby fired up the car with a loud 'roar' and the rumble of the exhaust shook Karen in a way that made her think of rough sex. They sped out of the parking lot with the loud squeal of tires; the Trans Am was built to be driven fast and Bobby seemed inclined to do just that.

As they sped down the road, the outside world whipped by and Karen settled back to enjoy the ride. Tre reached under his seat and came up with a bottle, Karen could see from its label that it was whisky. He uncapped the bottle and took a swig, handed the bottle to Bobby and he did likewise. The bottle made its way to the back and Luke offered Karen a drink, which she took, before taking a long pull on the bottle himself.

The alcohol burned Karen going down, but it helped to warm her. She wasn't outside long but she also wasn't really wearing any cloths to speak of. The angel costume consisted of not much more than extremely short shorts covered by a sheer skirt and a white halter top that had two purposes – to conceal the wearers breast and hold the costumes wings in place. It did the latter much better than it did the former.

Karen was a good looking girl, tall and with above average assets. She stood about five foot eight and had long, trim legs. Her breasts were her best asset, and they were large enough for a D cup bra. She'd gained the reputation around town for being a slut, but she didn't think that going to bed with men she found attractive was wrong. Besides she knew girls who had slept with way more men that she had, but Karen was definitely a party girl who loved a good time. 

Luke must have sensed this as he kept feeding her whisky and soon her head started to swim. He had set his hand on her knee soon after they got into the car and she hadn't objected. As time passed he was getting even bolder, moving his hand up her leg. He was now rubbing the inside of her thigh and she could feel little jolts of excitement running through her pussy.

Karen took another drink, a large one and felt it start to melt her inhibitions away. She felt dangerous, in a fast car with three guys that she didn't know. Hell she hadn't even thought about it not being safe to take a ride from these total strangers. For all she knew they could be driving her to some remote location to rape her, not that she would mind fucking any of the guys in the car. "Can't rape the willing," she thought to herself and a smile crossed her lips.

Luke must have read this as a sign she approved of his advances, which actually she did. He was the best looking guy who had shown interest in her in a while and the alcohol was really starting to loosen her up. He stopped rubbing her thighs and moved his hand between her legs to her pussy. Karen knew she was getting wet and Luke could feel the heat of her pussy though the thin material of her costume. He leaned over and kissed her, tasting the whisky on her tongue and lips. She was a good kisser and they shared a long kiss.

Luke moved his mouth to her neck kissing her skin roughly, Karen loved to be kissed on the neck and she knew that she could feel herself starting to lose control; she decided she didn't care. Luke moved his other hand to her breasts and squeezed them though her top. The outfit was cut low and a lot of her breasts were pushed up and out of the top and Luke began to rub the bare skin of her tits. He slipped his hand down and inside her bra, pinched a nipple. Karen pushed her body into his touch and Luke pulled down on her top, causing her tits to spill completely out of their confines.

He stopped kissing her neck and moved to her breasts, sucking on each nipple in turn. Luke could feel her wetness now starting to dampen the crotch of her shorts and he rubbed her harder. She pushed back against his touch and opened her eyes and saw that Tre was turned around in his seat watching the show, his eyes locked on her tits.

Karen felt her shorts pulled aside and felt Luke's touch on her swollen pussy lips. He ran his fingers through her wetness, never penetrating her but teasing her expertly. She pushed her hips down against him in an effort to get his fingers inside her but he just kept on sliding his fingers between the folds of her wet lips, teasing her. She felt like she was on fire and would do anything these guys wanted if they would just please her.

Luke continued to tease Karen and he knew that she was really getting turned on, her hips were pushed as far forward in the cramped back seat as they could. He desperately wanted to put his tongue in her, to suck on her clit and inhale her sweet nectar but that wasn't going to happen in the back of a Trans Am. His cock was hard and was straining against his jeans. Karen had been stroking him through his cloths since he had started rubbing her pussy and he wanted to be in her mouth. He told her so and she agreed.

Karen pushed Luke off of her and back into his seat. She didn't bother to fix her cloths or cover herself, she just went for Luke's jeans, unbuttoned and unzipped them and pulled out his cock. It was a nice size and she put him in her mouth and began to bob up and down on him relentlessly, shoving him deep in her mouth and ramming him against the back of her throat on each stroke. Luke's hand was on the back of her head, encouraging her to push his cock in even deeper.

She felt the car slow and then turn off the paved road onto a dirt one. Karen had no idea where they were going but she didn't care, as long as it had enough privacy so she could stop sucking Luke and get him inside her pussy. The car rolled to a stop and she sat up and looked around. They were at the picnic area of a state park, a place that this time of night was guaranteed to be deserted.

Bobby and Tre hopped out of the car, Tre taking the bottle of whisky with him. Luke helped Karen out of the back seat and out into the cool night air. Karen's nipples hardened in response to the cold and stood erect for all three men to see.

Luke led Karen over to the picnic pavilion and set her on one of the tables. He grabbed her shorts and slid them down over her shapely legs. Tre moved behind her and helped to pull her skimpy top up and over her head. She was stark naked in this very public place, on Halloween night with three hot guys she had met barely a half an hour ago.

Tre handed her the bottle of whisky and she took another deep swig, feeling it warm her insides in stark contrast to the cool night air outside. Bobby sat on the table next to her and Luke straddled the bench between her legs. Karen handed the bottle back to Tre who took a long pull and handed it back to Bobby.

Karen leaned back and kissed Tre who then helped lay her back on the table. Luke was on her pussy in an instant, his tongue licking her slit in long strokes. He slid a finger inside her and worked it in and out of her wet pussy. Tre was standing above her taking off his cloths; first his shirt was off revealing his muscled physique and then his pants and boxers went, and his cock was free. It was very large and very black – Karen had fucked a few black guys and for the most part they had indeed had rather large penises but Tre's was by far the biggest she had seen. 

She got a good look at it too, and from very up close. No sooner had Tre's cock been released than he was feeding it down her throat. Karen opened her mouth as wide as she could and could feel the strain on her jaw as she struggled to keep her teeth from dragging on Tre's dick.

Bobby was devoting his attention to her tits, licking and sucking on each nipple in turn. He pressed them together and grabbed the bottle of whisky, tilted it and poured the brown liquid all over her large tits. He licked at them furiously in what had to be the most literal instance of a 'body shot' in history.

Luke was doing a number on her pussy too, and his gentle lickings and stroking had been replaced with a feverous assault on her clit and hole. He had three fingers jammed in her pussy and was ramming into her with speed while his mouth sucked and bit on her engorged clit. Karen was going crazy, so many great feelings at once she didn't know which to concentrate on.

Tre was full on face fucking her now and was ramming his cock into the back of her throat with each long stroke, his huge black balls slapping her in the forehead as he did. Bobby was sucking furiously on her nipples and tits; Karen knew that she would have large hickeys all over them tomorrow.

Karen's skin began to tingle all over and her breathing became shallow, she orgasmed and her moans were muffled by the cock jammed down her throat. Her hips lifted from the table and bucked on Luke's mouth, her pussy juices spreading all over his face. "That pussy ready?" Tre asked and Luke assured him that it was. Tre took his cock from Karen's mouth and he and Luke traded ends.

Karen looked at Bobby who was still sitting there clothed. He took a swig of the whisky and then put a cigarette in his mouth and lit it. He put the bottled to Karen's lips and tilted it, pouring a little too much down her throat causing her to cough and sputter. Bobby laughed, "You better get used to having a lot of liquid in your mouth, cuz once we're done fucking your pussy and ass you're going to swallow all that we have to give you." He reached out and tweaked a nipple hard as if to punctuate his statement and Karen started to say something like, "Pussy and Ass?" or "No need to be mean about it, of course I'll let you cum in my mouth" but she never got the words out, when she opened her mouth to speak Luke jammed his cock in her mouth and she forgot all about what she was going to say.

Tre was getting ready to fuck her sweet pussy, teasing her with his big cock, putting the head in and then sliding it back out and rubbing her pussy with it. Karen's hips moved to take more of him each time he did and each time he withdrew much to her disappointment. Then in one quick, violent motion he shoved into her and past any resistance that may have been left. His cock crashed into the back of her vagina and his balls slapped her ass with a loud 'thwap!' Karen cried out in pleasure and pain, filled so fully that she began to cum. It occurred to her then that Tre probably never did anything gentle.

Luke was still fucking Karen's mouth, and even though he had a nice sized cock it wasn't like when she was trying to blow Tre. Karen put her hands on Luke's ass and pulled him into her mouth, using her tongue to please him before releasing him to catch her breath and then pulling him back into her mouth. Luke loved the blowjob; this hot bitch was taking every inch of him into her mouth with decided skill.

Tre continued his rampage on her pussy, driving into her with force, ripping her open and slamming into the deepest parts of her. The first few thrusts Karen thought that she was going to be ripped in half, but as her pussy became wetter and she got used to his size she started to really enjoy herself. She had to hand it to Tre, despite his apparent lack of tact he really knew how to fuck. She came and added more lube to the coupling; Tre took her moans as encouragement and only fucked her harder.

Bobby must have seen Tre starting to loose control because he said, "Don't come in her you fuck, not until we have all had a crack at that sweet pussy. Luke, bend her over the end of the table down there." Tre slammed his cock into Karen one more time and then withdrew. Karen's pussy tightened and squeezed his cock unconsciously trying to hold him inside her.

The guys helped Karen up and moved her to the end of the table. Luke took up position behind her and pushed her forward, exposing her hot cunt. He reached his hands around and cupped her breasts as he slid inside her. Karen reached down between her legs and lazily rubbed her clit as Luke settled into a slow pattern that was the exact opposite of Tre's. Luke fucked her with long, slow strokes that let him feel every inch of her hot box; He would push all the way and hold himself inside her, his hips pressed against her sweet ass, and then out again leaving in just the tip before repeating the motion.

Bobby undressed and hopped onto the table in front of Karen. She could see that his cock, while only half hard, seemed to already be bigger than Tre's. Must be the alcohol she thought and then it was in her mouth. Bobby was pulling her down onto it as far as she could go and Karen had to concentrate on not throwing up. She gagged on his cock as it grew, and grew and grew some more. She pulled it out of her mouth and looked at it, shiny from her spit in the moonlight. It had to be over a foot long and almost as thick as a beer can.

"Holy fuck," Karen said and the three men laughed.

"Bobby's a legend, even us brothers bow down to him." Tre said from his seat at the picnic table. He was working on the whisky again and Karen noticed that for all the drinking they had been doing, the bottle still seemed half full.

"Yeah," Luke said from behind Karen. "He figured out that if you have a big cock and a cool car you don't have to have a personality to get laid."

"Fuck you guys," Bobby said and laughed. "Luke, stop worrying about my cock and concentrate on getting yours in her ass."

Karen tried to object, she had tried anal sex a few times in the past and hadn't enjoyed it, but before she could say anything Bobby had stuck his cock back in her mouth. He pulled her down onto his lap, trying to shove his monstrous dick deeper into her throat. Karen had to put her hands on the table to keep herself from being chocked and so when she felt Luke's cock press against her ass she was in no position to fend him off.

Luke started to push against her anus, felt resistance and tried again. "Needs lube," he said and Tre handed him the bottle of whisky. Karen felt a splash of liquid on her ass and then felt Luke's tongue in her crack, licking at her holes. Again Luke tried and this time her backside relented and his cock slid into her. His hands were on her tits again and he squeezed her nipples hard, sending shock waves of pleasure through Karen. She felt him push deeper into her ass, deeper than any one had before and she began to feel herself relax.

She had also figured out how to keep Bobby from chocking her to death and was now sucking on him as best she could despite his enormous size. Karen managed to get her mouth open wide enough to fit around Bobby's cock and tried to deep throat him. She was enjoying the challenge of sucking his huge cock and put as much in her mouth as she could and pushed. He held the back of her throat and pushed as deep as was possible. Karen thought she had a good amount of him down her throat but when looked she saw that more than half of him was still sticking out of her mouth. How she was ever going to get this thing in her pussy she didn't know.

Luke had stopped fucking her ass and she felt him slide out of her and then back in, only this time she felt her ass hole being stretched even further. While Karen was concentrating on Bobby's cock Tre had moved behind her and taken Luke's place in her ass. If Karen thought Tre would be gentler because he was in her ass and not her pussy she was badly mistaken. Tre reached up and grabbed a hold of her shoulders and pulled. She felt her anus stretch and tear as he shoved and shoved his huge black cock inside her.
