 I know it’s been a while since I’ve written. I’m sorry about that, but I’ve been trying to turn things around a bit. I didn’t mean to ignore you. You see, I felt completely out of control as my sexual cravings continue to grow. Sex is the first thing on my mind when I wake and the last thing when I turn in for the day. I can’t get enough of it. Finally, I told myself that I had to take a break for a while. It has been awfully hard to restrain myself, especially considering that I’ve developed quite a reputation with some of the guys at work. If this is the first time you’ve read a “story” of mine, my name is Robin. I’m 25-years-old. I’m 5’6 and weigh 115 lbs. My measurements are 35C-23-35. I have blue eyes and light-brown hair with blonde highlights. For a couple of months after my boyfriend and I split, I was experimenting a lot sexually to the point where things had gotten out of hand. 

Taking a break from men was difficult with the guys in shipping practically begging me for it. One day I finally confided in Tim, a young, cute guy who works there. I told him how I felt I was becoming a nymphomaniac and that I needed to take a break from sex altogether. He understood completely and told the other guys to back off. After that, they were fairly pleasant to me, and Tim and I started seeing each other outside of work. We agreed to take things very slowly, given my unusual situation. I know it must have been hard for him, and it had been horrible for me as I attempted to hold my overpowering sexual desires in check. However, I was proud that for well over a month we successfully restrained ourselves from anything sexual. I finally felt a measure of control over my urges to the point where I was considering moving my relationship with Tim forward in the physical sense. 

Tim’s birthday was nearing, so I decided to give him a special present--me. He had been so gentle, caring, and above all patient that I wanted to give him all of me to do with as he pleased. Of course, I didn’t tell him my little plan, but here’s what happened:

Tim works a second job some nights, so I asked him to be sure to take his birthday off, and I’d meet him at his apartment to give him his present. Since his birthday fell on a Friday, I was sure his roommate, Doug, would be out late at the bar as usual. I went to his place early and let myself in. As I expected, no one was there, so I got ready. I curled the ends of my hair and let it fall to my shoulders. I stripped out of my clothes and inspected the work I did with my razor earlier. I completely shave my pubic area so that it was bare and smooth. I sprayed on some perfume and slipped into my new lingerie: a see-through, baby-blue teddy that cupped my large breasts snugly; it opened in the front to show off my trim belly and it cut just below my slightly plump bottom, which was accented by matching see-through thong panties.

I brought a large box with me and covered it in red and yellow wrapping paper. I planned to leap from it when Tim got home, taking him by surprise and then surprising him further in his bedroom. I lit some candles and started a sexy jazz CD. I was so aroused by this plan that I had butterflies in my belly. Finally I spotted headlights in the driveway and got inside of the box. Crouching in the darkness, my excitement grew; I breathed deeply, and noticed that my panties were soaking wet. I heard the door swing open and footsteps in the living room. I leapt from the box and with a big smile I yelled, “Happy Birthday!”

Then, my jaw fell open as I was the one taken by surprise. It wasn’t Tim at all. It was his no good roommate, Doug, and a few of his drunkard buddies. They burst into laughter at my embarrassing situation.

“So nice of you to remember, Robin,” Doug said, with his usual shit-eating grin. 

“What are you doing here, and where’s Tim?”

“I live here and came by for my coat. Tim’s at his night job.”

“He told me he was taking it off,” I said, trying unsuccessfully to cover my breasts with my thin arms.

“Nope, his boss called and said he had to come in,” said Doug. “Tim tried to call you but you weren’t picking up. I know he left you a message.”

I didn’t get it because I was out all day preparing for his birthday. “Shit!” I said. Looking at the men eyeballing me I became self conscious, but I also recognized that old feeling of exhilaration that I’d been trying to avoid. “Doug, get me a robe please.”

“Now why would I want to do that?” The men seemed to encircle me, and I felt the mood of the room changing. Their excitement was palpable, and it made my heart flutter.

I bit my lower lip and tried desperately to chase the evil thoughts from my mind. “C’mon, Doug, you don’t want to be an ass your whole life,” I joked nervously, stepping from the box. Doug just folded his arms over his chest and grinned. I could feel the four of them looking over my entire body. “Fine, I’ll get it myself.” I attempted to walk past Doug, but he stepped in my path. He put his arm around my shoulders as though I was one of his drinking buddies and said to his friends, “You wouldn’t believe me, but Robin here is even better than she looks. I should know since we had a bit of fun at work one day. Isn’t that right, Robin?”

“Piss off, Doug,” I said, shoving his arm off of me. He placed his large hand on the bare cheek of my bottom and squeezed. My eyes rolled back and I felt a shiver across my skin before I came to my senses. “That’s enough!” I yelled, pushing him away. Doug and his pals laughed it up.

“This one’s a firecracker,” he said. “But she’s not as tough as she lets on. I know her secrete, you see. She’s a real life nympho …”

The truthfulness of his words stung me. “Shut up! Just shut the hell up, Doug!”

“It’s true, guys,” he said, unzipping his fly. “Robin here can’t resist cock when she sees one.” He opened his pants, and his half-erect penis hung exposed. I held my breath as it seemed as though time stopped for a moment. My eyes fixed on his thick shaft, and my mouth watered, craving it desperately.

“See that, boys,” said Doug. “Look at her; she wants it.”

“Stop it, Doug, please,” I said. “What would Tim say?”

“He doesn’t need to know a thing,” he said, taking my small hand and guiding it to his warm, firming prick.

“This isn’t fair,” I pleaded, but my slender fingers wrapped around his shaft and slowly began stroking it. That was it. I had gone too far, and knew I couldn’t bring myself back. Watching Doug’s handsome cock stiffen in my hand, I couldn’t fight my lust any longer. I felt guilty for what I was about to do, but the fact that this was so naughty made the situation seem more exciting. “You can’t tell Tim about this,” I said.

“Don’t worry about thing,” said Doug, as he pulled down the front of my teddy, causing my breasts to spill out of the top with a jiggle. My large, rosy nipples hardened instantly. He kissed down my neck as his fingers massaged the outside of my panties. He pushed the thin material aside and slide two fingers into my moist vagina, causing me to close my eyes and moan deeply. His warm mouth continued to make its way to my breast; Doug hesitated so he could kiss them all over. 

I felt one of the other men lift the back of my teddy and apply open mouth kisses to the bare skin of my supple, white bottom. He kissed it slowly, moving deeper between my cheeks. As Doug kept working his fingers into my pussy, making it wetter and wetter, he kissed down my belly until he was on his knees in front of me. He pushed the font of my panties aside and tickled my exposing pink clit with his hot tongue. The man behind me used his large hands to spread my cheeks apart, and I felt the tip of his tongue press against my tight rectum. Then, one of the other guys began sucking on my breasts. The sensation of three mouths on me was incredible. My knees began to give out on me, so I rested my weight on Doug’s broad shoulders. I moaned loudly as a powerful orgasm took over my body. Doug sucked hard on my swollen clit, and I felt his friend’s tongue slide deep into my anus. I thrashed my head wildly and screamed: “Oh God that feels so damn good! Don’t stop; please don’t stop!”

I was breathless as my orgasm subsided. My pussy ached to be filled. I couldn’t take it anymore. I grabbed the guy who was sucking my tits and practically tackled him to the floor. I tore open his blue jeans and straddled him. Pushing my panties aside, I aimed the soft, thick head of his cock at my soaking wet slit and eased him inside of me. “Ooooo,” I moaned. It had been a long time since I had a man like this, so I rolled my hips slowly while my pussy adjusted to his size. I slid my hands under his T-shirt and rested my weight on his muscular chest. Then I began lifting myself up and down his long, swollen member. Soon I was bobbing vigorously atop of him. My breasts bounced as my fleshy bottom slapped against his hips.

One of the men stroked my soft hair and motioned my face toward his penis. Without disturbing my rhythm, I moistened my full red lips and glided my mouth down his smooth shaft. It had been too long since I felt a hard cock slide over my tongue and down to my throat. I took him deep inside until my button nose was deeply buried into his pubic hair. I held him there to savor the moment as I inhaled his musky manly scent. I then worked him in and out of my lips as passionately and quickly as the cock I was riding so well. Having two strong men pay this much attention to me brought another climax near. As it approached, I hesitated for just a moment, but the guy below me wouldn’t have it. He spanked my ass and told me to keep it up. This caused me to moan with pleasure.

“Oh, you like that, huh?” he said, as he repeatedly slapped my bottom. “Keep riding me, slut.”

As I bounced up and down on his fat dick, I could feel it throbbing inside of me; I knew he would cum soon. With my mouth full of cock, I squealed as my orgasm peaked. My body shivered. Simultaneously, I felt the guy below twitch as he gripped my round hips and pulled me into him roughly, forcing my pussy to take his full length. His cock pulsated inside of me, as it filled me with sperm. Just then the other man pulled my head back as he gushed sticky hot semen all over my face. I opened my mouth wide to catch his cum. He slid his dick back into my mouth and let me milk the final tasty drops from him.

Gasping for air, I rolled onto my back. I looked up to see Doug’s other friend kneeling next to me. He was a tall black guy named Eddy who sometimes worked with Doug and Tim. He peeled my panties over my hips and pulled them down my shapely legs. He took off his pants and positioned himself between my legs. My eyes bulged as I looked down to see that his penis was absolutely humungous. It was well over a foot long and thicker than any I’ve ever seen. He smiled as he rubbed the fat tip of his cock up and down my dripping slit. I couldn’t believe my eyes as his dick was actually growing more. Eddy eased just the tip into me, and I winced from its girth. Then he lifted my knees into the air and slowly drove his enormous shaft into me. I whined and groaned as I watched his unbelievably big cock disappear into my cunt.

“Oh my God!” I screamed out. “It’s so fucking big!”

Eddy smiled smugly and then began to hump me. My body felt hot under this monster, but I noticed after a while he was holding back on me. I wanted him to know he was fucking the hottest girl he’ll ever have, so there was no way I was going to let him treat me like a porcelain doll.

“Go ahead and fuck me, Eddy,” I cooed. “I can take whatever you’ve got.”

With that he spread my legs wide and pushed it hard into me. “Aaaaah!” I called out. “That’s it; give it to me!” Eddy thrust into me forcefully so that his hips slapped loudly against my bottom. My boobs jiggled wildly with each jab of his giant cock. “That’s it, baby,” I moaned. “Fuck me hard! I can take it anyway you want!” I could feel my juices dribbling from my slit down my crack.

“Is that right?” he said as he continued to pound me mercilessly. “You sure now? I don’t want to hurt you.”

“You couldn’t hurt me if you tried,” I said with an evil grin.

“Hold your legs like this,” he said. I grabbed the back of my knees and pulled them toward my chest. Eddy slowly pulled himself from my slick pussy and then pressed the fat tip against my tight, puckered rectum. He looked into my eyes as he gently pushed just an inch inside my taught hole. “Ouch!” I cried, but then reassured him. “Don’t stop.” I closed my eyes tightly as he slowly forced my tiny asshole to swallow his massive cock. Every time I thought he must be done he shoved another inch inside of me. Finally I felt his hips press firmly against my bottom, and I knew he was all the way inside. Eddy held my legs up as he began to fuck my ass, slowly at first. I spread my puffy pink pussy open and rubbed my engorged clitoris with my fingertips. After masturbating for a while, I grew more tolerant of Eddy’s dick stretching out my asshole. My entire body felt hot and moist as he fucked me harder. In short order, I could feel yet another climax approach. I screamed out as wave after wave powerful orgasms bathed my entire body: “Fuck me, baby! Fuck my asshole! Fuck it hard!”

Eddy slammed himself into me violently, groaning like an animal with each thrust. Just then, I felt Doug’s warm balls against my mouth. I licked them all over. Doug ripped open the front of my teddy and pored warm oil all over my bouncing breasts. Then, he straddled my chest, pointing his hard cock between my fleshy mounds. He squeezed them snuggly around his hot dick and tit fucked me. It was an amazing sight. Here I was cumming hard with a big, fat cock deep inside of my ass, and I looked down to see my glistening breasts with a purple, throbbing dick poking through my cleavage. I thought my orgasm would never end. I hadn’t ever cum so hard for so long. I yelled out: “This is the best fuck I’ve ever had! It’s so good! It’s so fucking good!”

Just as my orgasm subsided I heard a door slam. I looked up dizzy and panting to see my boyfriend, Tim, standing over us looking puzzled and wounded. My head was swimming as I searched for something to say. “Tim, I’m so sorry,” I mumbled.

“Hey, buddy,” said Doug, “just give us a few more minutes and she’s all yours.” 

Tim shook his head and left without a word. I struggled but couldn’t free myself, as Doug and Eddy pinned me down and continued fucking me. My eyes filled with tears; Doug began jerking about. He gnashed his teeth as he exploded boiling hot cum all over my tits; he pushed hard between them and a final stream painted a white line across my face. “Finish it up,” he said, pressing his dick to my lips. I sadly sucked it clean.

“Yow!” I howled, as Eddy jammed his cock all the way up my butt. I felt it engorge as it unloaded, flooding my asshole with sperm. He slowly took his rod out, and his thick tip made a popping sound when it came out; his chunky cum oozed out of my gaping hole. I ran to the door. Flinging it open, I called out to Tim, but heard only my echo in the dark. I closed the door and cried softly as I shuffled back inside.

“Don’t worry about it, Robin,” said Doug. “Why don’t you wash that spunk off? Maybe we’ll have another go at you later.”

“Yeah, I’m ready to have a turn at that sweet ass right now,” one of the guys added.

“You’re disgusting,” I sobbed. I went to the bathroom and ran a hot shower. Letting the soapy water run over my skin, I wondered what was wrong with me. How could I hurt Tim like that? That’s when things started to become clear. The simple fact is that I love cock, not just in the sense that I’m easy, but in a deeper way. When someone shows me his cock, it’s like I suddenly have schoolgirl a crush. I get butterflies in my stomach. I can sense the nervous energy in the room. And most of all, I want to be the best sex that guy has ever had. I’m only going to be young once, right? Why should I suppress my desires? After all, I did have fun with the guys tonight. Just thinking in this way made me feel a lot better.

But most of all, it made me crave more cock.

I dried myself off and wrapped my hair in a towel. Then, I strutted proudly into the living room. The guys seemed surprised to see me as I walked slowly around the room, sticking out my chest and making sure to wiggle my bottom. I gave them a sexy, devilish smile as I looked them over.

“I’m not sure you boys deserve anymore attention from me,” I said. “You cheated me earlier by wasting all of that yummy cum. I’ll give you another go, but this time I want you to cum in my mouth so I can taste it.”

Doug was sitting back in a leather recliner. “Why sure we’ll give you a drink,” he laughed, pulling his pants to his knees. “Here you go; suck it, slut.”

Catlike, I pounced on top of him and quickly crawled in a half circle so that I held his head between my inner thighs and my face was inches from his lap. I pressed my pussy to his mouth and felt his warm tongue slide into my squeaky clean slit. My body responded straight away, as I felt my juices flowing all over Doug’s face. It didn’t take me long to get him aroused again. After a few licks, his cock was rock hard and penetrating deep into my throat. I held it tightly between my full lips, moaning as I gave him the best blowjob of his life.

While I glided my mouth over Doug’s cock, Eddy took advantage of my upturned bottom. “Robin, you got a fine ass,” he said. I then felt a sharp slap across my plump, white cheeks. “Girl, if you’re going to act like a slut, you’re going to get spanked like a slut.”

“Mmmmph, mmmmph, mmmmph!” I whimpered with a mouthful of dick as Eddy spanked my bottom. Doug sucked hard on my clit while he pinched my sensitive, firm nipples. My body couldn’t take anymore of this teasing. It wanted to get fucked badly. I grabbed the bottle of baby oil from the nearby end table and poured it all over Doug’s stiff prick. Then, I climbed down his body. With my bottom facing him, I held the base of his slick cock, aiming it carefully at my tender rectum. Just as I pressed the soft tip to my puckered hole, Doug impatiently gripped my narrow waist and yanked me onto his lap. “Ouch!” I cried as he invaded my asshole. But Doug didn’t let up; without mercy he pushed and pulled me up and down, forcing me to ride him.

Eddy stood in front of my and slapped my dripping pussy with his fat dick. “Go ahead and fuck me with your great big cock,” I purred. With Doug’s penis up my ass, it was an even tighter fit for Eddy’s thick pole, but he found a way to shove it into me. I was so hot that the initial discomfort quickly melted away, and I was ordering them to fuck me thoroughly. “Slam me with your big, fat cocks!” I yelled. “Fuck me harder, you bastards!”

My taunts definitely spurred them on. Eddy squeezed my engorged breasts together and sucked hard on my tits as he stretched my pussy. And Doug didn’t let up, roughly pounding my sore butthole. The double fucking brought me to arousal again. I rocked myself into them aggressively, grunting like some untamed animal. “That’s it! I want your cum so fucking bad!” I cried.

“Beg me for it, slut,” teased Eddy.

“Oh please, baby, please let me taste your dick,” I pleaded. “I want you to cum in my mouth.”

His hips began to twitch and I could tell he was almost there. “You want a drink, huh? I got a big drink for you. Now suck it!” His cock started to dribble precum when he pulled it from my slit. Just as I pressed my lips around it, Eddy rifled his hot semen, filling my mouth completely. It was salty and thick. I swallowed two big gulps, but some still drooled down my chin. It tasted yummy and felt like warm honey sliding slowly down my throat. My mouth watered as I enjoyed the aftertaste.

Just then, Doug shoved me to the floor. He pressed the purple tip of his cock to my lips and jammed it deep inside. I nearly gagged as he sprayed a bitter-tasting load against the back of my throat. I managed to slurp it down, and I sucked on his dick until he was completely spent. With their warm cum in my tummy, I felt very satisfied.
