 Caroline wiped her arm across her sweaty forehead and sat back on her heels. Looking around her garden she was pleased with her day's work. Her home had a large back garden and she worked hard to keep it looking at its best. She and her husband, Eamonn, loved entertaining their friends during the summer months with barbecues and lazy evenings relaxing on the patio. She nodded her head in pleased acceptance as she surveyed the vast expanse of green lawn, that she had mown just that morning, and her colourful flower beds. 

Standing, she stretched her arms her, the muscles in her legs and back enjoying the change of position after being crouched over weeding for the past hour and a half. Caroline looked at her watch, it was mid-afternoon, she wouldn't be expecting Eamonn home until early evening. With this in mind, she collected up her gardening tools, bucket full of weeds and dead flower heads, put everything away in the correct place, before returning to the house to change into her bikini. A couple of hours sunbathing was just what she needed.

Eamonn boarded the train, a smug smile playing on his lips. He quickly righted this, no one likes to look smug, but he did just win his company a much coveted account, so he was feeling very pleased with himself. Why not smile? He'd earned it. He settled into his seat and pulled the contract out of his briefcase. Putting it on the table in front of him, he used his mobile phone to take a photo of the signed document to send to his secretary, with an adjoining note telling her to take the rest of the afternoon off as he wouldn't be returning to the office.

There was only one person Eamonn wanted to share his success with, and that was his wife. He settled in for the hour train journey home, watching out the window as the the city views transformed into the green English countryside.

Twirling around in front of her dressing table mirror Caroline took in the form of her body reflected back at her. She was petite and had kept herself in good shape, at forty-one she could pass for a woman at least five years younger. She swept her long strawberry blonde hair over her shoulder and tied the strings of her bikini around her neck. Caroline liked the way she looked, her pale skin matched her hair and hinted at her half Irish heritage. Her stomach was still flat, her breasts were large for her frame, but firm and round, the triangles of her red bikini barely covering them. Turning to the side she tried to rearrange the bikini bottom over her pert behind, but it was no good, there was absolutely no way she was going to able able to keep her cheeks covered, she might as well be wearing a thong, she thought to herself.

Outside on the patio Caroline spread her towel out on the sunlounger, took off her sunglasses and lay down on her stomach. With the late spring sun warming her body, she quickly found herself dozing off.

Caroline stirred, a slight shiver running through her. Had a cloud covered the sun? Lifting her head slightly and opening her eyes she looked up to see where the sun had disappeared to. She sat up quickly, startled at the sight of three burly men standing over her.

"Sorry to bother you, missus. We did call out but nobody answered, and then we noticed the side gate was open, so we thought we'd see if anyone was in."

Caroline looked from one man to the other. They all looked to be in their late fifties, dark hair and eyes, and well formed. Not from working out at the gym. No, these men were big from physical labour. She took in their clothes, oil stained jeans and work boots, clean but rumpled shirts.

"Oh erm, I must have dozed off. Is there something I can help you with?"

The man who had spoken to her crouched down bringing them face to face. "Looks like you were having a lovely wee nap, missus. Can't say I blame you, felt real envious watching you lay there, almost wanted to lay next to you and catch a bit of sun myself," he said with a wink of his eye. "Anyway, me and the lads here, we're in the neighbourhood looking for scrap metal, we'll take anything you got."

Caroline tugged the tiny triangles of material covering her breasts, trying to somehow make them magically cover her up from the intense gazes of the three strange men in her garden. "Oh, I , yes, I think the old washing machine is still in my husband's workshop. It will save us having to take it to the tip. It's just over there, next to the garage," she replied pointing to a door in a small building.

"Sounds perfect. Pat, Mick, go take a look. I'll keep the lovely young lady company while you do it."

Caroline watched while two of the men strode off to the workshop. Turning her attention back to the man still crouched in front of her. "Well, I'm sure my husband will be home soon," she said nervously.

"Oh I'm sure he will be. I can't imagine wanting to stay away from a stunner like you. Must have to tear himself away every morning."

Caroline laughed, "Oh, I don't know about that. We've been together 15 years now, I'm sure sometimes he can't wait to get to the office."

"He's a bloody fool if he does. No, a woman like you needs attention, needs looking after. If you were my wife I'd make sure you knew exactly what you meant to me."

Flicking her hair back Caroline looked him straight in the eye, "I don't know what you mean. Eamonn is a very good husband, I know he loves me and would do anything for me," she retorted.

Holding his hands up in front of him the strange man looked as though he was surrendering to her. "No offense, missus. I just meant that you're a fine looking woman. And forgive me for being crude, but I'd be shagging you morning, noon and night if you were mine. Making sure you're needs were meet like."

"My needs are meet, thank you very much! Now if you'll excuse me." Caroline made a big show of laying back on her stomach, dismissing the man.

"Oh now I have offended you. I really meant no harm. An old gypsy like me doesn't really have a good way with words."

Caroline sniffed and continued to ignore him.

"Ah now look at your pretty back. It's all pink with the sun. Here let me."

Something cold and wet hit Caroline on her shoulder blades. She squealed and looked at the man. "What the hell was that?"

"Calm yourself, it's just some of your sun cream. You're gonna be sore if you don't put some on the lovely white skin of yours."

Before Caroline could protest, two large calloused hands started to rub the cream over her shoulders.

"Oh right, er thank you."

"You just let let me rub this in for you, there's a good girl."

Relaxing a little, Caroline lay still as the cream was rubbed in. Another dollop of cream landed in the middle of her back and the calloused hands were back, rubbing and massaging.

"You've got beautiful skin, missus. Now I'm just going to make sure there's cream under these little strings of your bikini, otherwise you're going to have red lines either side of them."

The hands were strong and sure as they continued massaging, spreading the cream all over her back and shoulders. They dipped under the string around her neck, and Caroline couldn't help the little moan that escaped her as the strong hands worked out a little knot in her muscles from her earlier gardening.

She felt a dip as the man sat next to her on the sun lounger. "I'll do your legs too. Nothing worse than sunburn behind your knees."

She felt the dribble of cream run the full length of both her legs, before he continued his massaging. This time working over the muscles in each calf before going up to her thighs.

Eamonn pulled into his street. His train had been on time, unusual, and he'd collected his car from the train station before heading home. And now, he was excited at the prospect of sharing his day with his wife. He was home early, perhaps they could go out for a meal this evening to celebrate and then head home where Caroline and he could really celebrate. 'It'll be a good way to start the weekend,' he thought to himself.

As he pulled into his drive he couldn't help but notice the two men loading what looked like his old washing machine into a van parked outside his house. He parked the car, turned off the engine, grabbed his briefcase from the passenger seat and got out. 

"Afternoon. Can I help you?"

"Your missus said we could take the washer. We're just collecting scrap metal."

"Oh, right. Well no problem. Erm, is my wife in the house, do you know?"

"She's in the backyard. Eoin is still round there, we'll just go and see if she has anything else for us."

Eamonn nodded at the two men and watched them walk through the side gate leading into the back garden. He let himself into the house, left his briefcase next to the hall table, where he put his keys and tie, before heading towards the kitchen for a glass of water. He collected a glass from the cupboard and poured a glass of water from the jug in the fridge. Sipping the refreshing liquid he made his way over to the french doors that lead onto the patio.

Caroline felt her legs loosening as the strange hands massaged her thigh muscles. She loved having a massage and Eamonn would often massage her favourite oil into her skin when she got out of the bath. She noticed now that the hands were now able to dip and rub the inside of her thighs. She hadn't realised that they had parted so much. Oh well, she didn't want to get burnt there either.

The hands glided up her inner thighs and swept along the lower lines of her bum cheeks. The motion was repeated a few times before they swept right over her cheeks. Her bikini bottom must have moved, because his hands had nothing restricting them. Her plump cheeks turned pink with the pressure of kneading fingers, as they pulled, pushed and rubbed her flesh.

Caroline held her breath as fingers crept ever so slowly towards her pussy. She knew she should really tell him to stop, but it felt so wonderful, and she wasn't really doing anything wrong, was she? He was just rubbing cream onto her to stop her from getting sunburnt. Almost with a mind of their own her legs moved apart just by a fraction, but enough for those rough fingers to dip down and run along the seam of her legs. A slight tug with his fingertips and Caroline felt the outer lips of her pussy part and the material of her bikini fall in between them. She groaned as sure fingers swept over the exposed lips, pulling them outwards with every passing, forcing more and more of the bikini inside. She could only imagine how indecent it must look, a fine line of red material separating her pussy, the lips now on full display.

"Your fella's home, missus."

Caroline heard a voice from in front of her. Her barely registering mind forcing her eyes open, where she saw Eamonn standing in the kitchen at the french doors.

The glass paused halfway to his mouth. There on the patio, not six foot from where he was standing, was his wife. She was laying on her front, with a man sitting on the sunlounger next to her legs. They were side on to him, with Caroline's face pointing towards the kitchen. Her eyes were closed, her lips slightly parted, a small furrow on her brow. And what looked like, from this angle, the fingers of the gypsy man buried in her pussy.

"What the fuck?" he spoke aloud. Eamonn didn't quite know what to do. Should he bang on the window? Fling the door open and race out there? Walk away? What was the etiquette in this type of situation? He continued to stare watching the man's hands moving. No, he could see now that his wife wasn't being fingered by some stranger in their garden, but it wouldn't be long he thought. He looked at Caroline's face as she bit her bottom lip. "Christ! She's enjoying this!"

Eamonn saw the two men who he had seen on his driveway, standing quietly to the side of the sunlounger. The gypsy had acknowledged them when they approached, but Caroline was none the wiser, until one of them walked around to where her head was and spoke. Her eyes opened lazily and locked with his through the glass.

Without even thinking it through, his free hand rubbed his growing cock through his trousers as he brought the glass to his mouth. He saluted her with it before taking a sip.

Caroline locked eyes with her husband. The fog in her brain starting to clear. She was just about to jump up when he tipped his glass at her and drank from it. 'What the hell does that mean?' she thought to herself. Her eyes were drawn down to his hand rubbing over the front of his suit trousers. Was her husband turned on watching some stranger lay his hands on her?

The sting of a slap on her bum broke her focus from her husband. She glared at the man sitting beside her.

"Time to turn over, missus."

"But, but my husband is standing there watching," she sputtered.

"So he is. Doesn't look as though he minds too much though, does it? Now come on, roll over. Don't want anyone to say that the Kelly brothers don't provide a good service."

Caroline looked back at Eamonn. He was still standing at the French doors. The now forgotten glass of water sitting on the table next to him. His hand squeezing the front of his trousers. Slowly she rolled over, she kept her face turned towards the house and held her breath.

Eamonn watched as Caroline rolled over. She was wearing the little red bikini that she had bought last year, but hadn't worn on holiday because it was too indecent. He could see the fullness of her tits as the small pieces of material struggled to cover her nipple area. He could see she was aroused by the glazed look in her eye and the rock hard nipples that were proudly straining against the cotton. He watched strange hands glide up the front of her calves, over her knees, and up her thighs. Bloody hell, what had she done to the bottoms? The material was all bunched in the middle and her pussy lips were clenched tightly over it.

"Eoin, do you want to pass me that cream you have there?"

"Sure thing, Mick."

A second set of hands landed on her shoulders. The one called Mick had knelt on the ground behind her head. She felt his slippery hands run over her shoulders and down her arms and back again. They ran across her collarbone and then over her breasts. The material was pulled roughly to the sides. Her breasts were now bare, the bikini pushing them skywards. Large warm hands squeezed her breasts hard, before her nipples were pinched between thumb and fingers.

She felt hands tugging on the sides of her bikini bottoms. The material pulled out from her pussy, she closed her eyes for a moment with embarrassment , thinking how wet they must be, wet enough to darken the red of the material, making her arousal obvious. But before she could over think it she felt a warm wet pulling on her nipple as it was sucked into someone's mouth.

Caroline's bikini bottoms were thrown towards the French doors, landing just outside them. Eamonn looked down at them, he could see where they were wet, not only was the colour dark but he could visibly see the cream from her pussy coating the crotch. He looked back up to the spectacle taking place in front of him. Her legs had been opened wide, she now had a foot planted on the floor, either side of the lounger. The gypsy who had been sitting next to her, was moving to straddle the lounger, the lucky bastard now had a perfect view of his wife's pussy. He saw a head nuzzling against his wife's chest. The man raised his head and looked towards him, his tongue poking out of his mouth lewdly as he flicked it over her nipple. Eamonn could feel himself heating up, he pulled his shirt free from his trousers and undid the buttons. Pulling a chair from the table he positioned it in front of the doors and sat down heavily. He winced a little in discomfort before undoing his trouser button, pulling down the zip and shoving his trousers and boxers down to his ankles. 'Might as well get comfortable,' he thought to himself.

"You have a pretty cunt, missus."

Caroline felt her core clench at the forbidden word. Nobody had ever called her vagina that before. She and Eamonn called it her pussy in the bedroom, but only in the bedroom. Tearing her eyes from her husband, Caroline looked at the man sitting in front of her spread legs. He was staring intently between her legs. Sure hands pulled her pussy lips apart, opening her to his gaze. At first she felt embarrassed but as he continued to stare at her most intimate part, she found herself growing bold at his lustful look, and parted her legs even more, trying to open herself to him as much as possible. Desperate for him to see inside her aching core.

Eamonn watched with wide eyes as Caroline's nipple was teased with a tongue that wasn't his, as she grabbed a head that wasn't his and pulled it closer, demanding more. Turning his focus to the man sitting on the sunlounger, he was just in time to watch him bend down and push his face between his wife's legs. The more he pushed his face into her, the wider her legs seemed to fall. What was he doing? 'Oh good man!', Eamonn thought to himself when a very wet face looked over at him, grinning. Eamonn maintained eye contact as the older man licked his lips, stuck his tongue out and flicked it over his wife's clit.

Eamonn couldn't help but palm his cock as he watched his wife orgasm. One little flick with a tongue was all it had taken and then she was bucking and screeching. "What the hell is wrong with me?" Eamonn asked the empty room. He knew it was wrong to watch his wife being pleasured by another man, while two others watched on. But there was just something so primal about it, that he couldn't stop it. Had to see it through to the end.

Caroline had barely caught her breath before she was pulled upright. "Turn over, missus. Onto your hands and knees. That's it, scoot forward a bit." Looking over at her husband, Caroline could see his fist moving up and down as he pumped his cock, his eyes grazing over her body, arse in the air, tits hanging down, as she waited to be taken.

A hard cock poked its head against her opening before slamming into her. She grunted as she fell forward at the intrusion, as she attempted to right herself, a hand grabbed a fistful of her hair, forcing her to face forward. Her tongue darted out as a cock was passed over her lips, she could taste the salty musk of pre-cum and was greedy for more.

Caroline was impaled on a thick cock as she was pushed forward from the violent thrusts behind her. She had no other option but allow the thick length into her mouth and down her throat. She fought to calm herself and breath through her nose every time she was given a small respite. Tears were streaming down her cheeks and saliva was running out the side of her mouth, as he plunged over and over into her mouth.

Thick fingers dug into her hips as Eoin pulled her against him, reminding her of the other cock plunging in and out of her wet pussy. Another orgasm exploded through her body, and as her body shook Pat withdrew his cock and jet after jet of thick cum covered her face. Simultaneously, unforgiving fingers pinched her nipples and clit and her body shuddered again as Eoin emptied himself inside her.

Caroline slumped onto the sunlounger as Eoin pulled his cock from her body. She felt exhausted, she'd never orgasamed so many times in such a short period of time and all she wanted to do was sleep.

Eamonn had tried to hold off his orgasam for as long as possible. His balls were heavy and aching, just a bit longer, he didn't want to miss a thing. But when the first squirt of cum hit Caroline just below her eye and dripped down her cheek, Eamonn was done. His legs and back tensed as his own cock released itself. His body relaxing he continued with slow gentle passes of his fist as he wrung every last drop from his body, uncaring of the mess on his hand and stomach.

Wiping his hand carelessly on his open shirt, Eamonn glanced outside. The three men appeared to be discussing something. One of them was quite animated as he spoke, waving his arms about and gesturing to Eamonn's slumbering wife. The other two men simply shrugged their shoulders and finished tucking themselves back into their jeans.
