 I hadn't been home and hour when the phone rang. It was Crystal Croker from Discreet Gentlemen Escorts. "Recovered have you?" she said.

I laughed knowing that I had left them thoroughly shagged an hour ago. "Quite, thank you. Do you have something for me?"

"As a matter of fact, yes. Jaqueline Westhaven would like to be squired to a company dinner at the Hilton. Can she meet you in reception at 7pm?"

"Fine. How will I recognise her?"

"She'll be wearing a spray of orchids and a black evening gown. She's a redhead."

She was. She was also tall, chic and very classy with a very interesting figure. The orchids were nestled in the crevice of a pair of A grade breasts. The slinky evening dress emphasized the curves of her narrow waist and flaring hips. 

"Allen?"

"Jaqueline. Very pleased to meet you. You look fabulous."

Pleasantries over, we went into the company dinner. Turned out she was a senior executive in charge of marketing a range of products I was familiar with and we discussed those and many other subjects. She was well read, well travelled and very confident and she looked a lot younger than her 42 years. Jaqueline had never married but was wed to the company. A few of the male guests came over to hit on her and apart from being routinely charming to all of them, refused offers to dance or to move to other tables. She was getting some glares from wives but was clearly used to that.

"They keep trying and I keep saying no," she said to me. "They would have no respect for me as a senior executive if I fucked any of them. They are like little boys. Fuck one, tell all. I keep my private life separate, but it always intrigues them when I turn up with somebody new to one of these dos. They think the escorts I have cover up for the fact that I'm actually a lesbian. Then again, most men who get knocked back will use that to cover their own deficiencies. Let's dance."

We danced a couple of slow dances with her arms locked around my neck and my hands on her hips. She bumped against my bulge a couple of times and it took some willpower to keep my cock from erecting while she rubbed her gorgeous figure against me. After a suitable time we left in her BMW which she drove like and expert. I had expected to be dropped off but she pulled up outside a townhouse and invited me in for coffee.

"I don't normally do this, but you are a refreshing change from most of the escorts I've used before. You actually have a brain and you don't come across as the answer to every woman's dream."

I smiled at her, and she smiled back and it took years off her face. Jaqueline had maintained a sober business like expression throughout the evening, probably because of the males she was keeping at bay. I had seen a number of the men positively drooling as we swayed around the dance floor, the envy clear in their wolfish eyes.

We duly had coffee then she invited me to bed. She kissed me thoroughly and watched as I undressed and laid back on the bed. She knelt down and drew my semi hard prick into her mouth and licked and sucked until I was rigid. Reaching over to a porcelain container next to the bed, she pulled out a condom and threw it at me. I rolled it on and watched as she performed a minor strip tease, revealing an absolutely exquisite body. Collar and cuffs. Her minge was a deeper red than her hair with an almost indefinable slit. Her excitement was evident in the glint of moisture at the top of her thighs. Her largish but beautifully shaped breasts had no hint of sag and no sign of augmentation. Very yummy indeed. She slung her long lissome legs over my hips and made to slip my cock into her body.

I stopped her. "I like to eat before I fuck." I pulled her up and slid down until confronted with her hairy purse. Only the outer lips were evident. I pulled them apart with my thumbs and ran my tongue up the inner lips tasting the tang of her arousal. There was hardly any bump where her clitoris should be but I massaged the area and sucked until I heard her gasp and whimper. A tiny seed like pearl hardened under my ministrations and I worried it feeling her squirm and shake. Reaching up, I pinched and massaged her small conical nipples feeling them harden and throb. Suddenly, her thighs tightened on my head and I felt a small spurt of hot juice scald my tongue. It was thick and creamy and I thrust my tongue into her cunt searching for more.

"No more," she gasped. I threw her over onto her back. "I like to be on top," Jaqueline demanded.

"Not tonight, Jaqueline. Tonight you can forget about being in charge for once. I want to give you endless orgasms." I spread her thighs and rammed my cock straight up her very tight but creamy cunt. I pulled her ankles up to my shoulders and started fucking her while massaging and palpating her glorious breasts in time with my thrusts. She came and my cock wore a ring of creamy excrescence. Her joy juice wasn't copious but it was thick. I flipped her over onto her knees, pulled her shapely arse up and plunged back in. Reaching under, I massaged her tiny clit and pulled on her elongated milk buds. Rising up, I changed the angle pushing my helmet against her frontal cuntal and sure enough, she went off again, almost cutting my dick in two as she spasmed helplessly. I pulled on her long red hair has I rode her hard and managed to time my orgasm with another of hers.

We slumped down panting and gasping. "So good, so good, the best, the very best. What a lover you are, Allen," she whimpered. "I've never cum so hard or so often. Let me rest, then can we do it again?" she whispered looking back at me with liquid eyes.

"Absolutely. I'll just massage you and you'll drift off. When you wake up, we'll start again."

We did and it was beautiful. She was nice and cuddly after the second bout and asked me to stay with her for the night. I agreed.

Next morning, having slept in, she rushed out of bed, showered, dressed and left in a hurry exhorting me to have breakfast from the housekeeper and to be sure to pick up the envelope on the kitchen table. I showered and found a robe and wandered into the kitchen. There on the table was an envelope with my name on it containing $2500 - a $2000 tip. Not bad for one pleasurable night. I heard a noise behind me and spun around. There stood a woman of obviously latina descent, hands on very broad hips, monstrous chest heaving.

"Hey, who you. What you do in Miss Westhaven house? I call police. She no have man here ever." Under my envelope was a note addressed to "Lucia". I passed it to her and after reading, she visibly relaxed and said, "I make you breakfast, like she say. You read paper." She planted a paper and shortly after a coffee was put before me. Not long after that I was tucking into a monster breakfast of ham and eggs while she sat opposite sipping on a coffee, her mountainous breasts resting on the table top. 

"I hear funny noises in the night coming from her bedroom, noises I no hear before. Zat you."

"Yep." I continued reading, but looked up in time to catch her smile. She must have been fifty if she was a day and the flashing smile lit up her otherwise sullen face. 

"Oh, you macho man then?"

"Nope. Just enjoyed myself with a beautiful lady. Hope to again one day, if she wants to."

Lucia was about to say something smart using her hands when she accidentally knocked her coffee mug flying, spilling the contents all over the table and floor. She got up and got a dish cloth, mopped the table then dropped to her knees to mop the floor. She looked up under the table and giggled as she saw my tackle fully exposed in the short robe. "Muy bueno," she muttered then turned away to wipe up further errant spills. As she wiped from side to side, her big arse swayed in time. Must be something about a female on her knees but I erected immediately, strong, heavy and powerful. 

Putting down the paper, I knelt down behind her and flipped her dress up over her hips exposing her meaty golden brown thighs. Her arse was covered by a voluminous plain knickers with a big crease down the middle. I slid my hands up the outside of her thighs and under her panties and massaged her firm buttocks. 

"What you doing, big boy? You like Lucia's bottom, eh?"

I pulled those tent like pants down and perved at the winking brown star of her anus and then the mass of black curly hair between her legs. "Not bad, but this is better," I growled, prising thick lips apart to reveal her hot pink depths. "I'd like a go at filling that, Lucia. You up for it?"

"Oooh yes mister Allen." She pulled her knickers right off and knelt on the tiles spreading her legs. 

On bare knees on the tiled floor, I was uncomfortable. I pulled her up, my nostrils flaring as I caught sight of her huge breasts roiling around under her dress. "Let's get naked, girl," I growled, ripping my robe off. She unzipped the side of her dress and shrugged out of it revealing massive tits sagging on to a paunchy belly. As she bent to pulled it off her feet, they elongated like torpedoes. She spotted my burgeoning prick and squealed. "Ees big, very big. I kiss." She bent down and took my mushroomy helmet between her lips and sucked it into her mouth. Yum yum. Very nice indeed. She had sucked some cock in her time and she was not in the bloom of youth.

"Enough," I muttered.

She looked up at me. "I no see big preek like this ever. I must have it." Lucia turned and bent over the table displaying her magnificent arse while reaching between her thighs and separating her cunt lips. "Now. You fuck me, please." I surged between her thighs and nudged my cock head at the portal of her dripping crease. I plunged in gasping as I received the sensation of moist heat. I drove in all the way until I fetched up against her cervix. I could feel the mouth of her cervix pulsing on my piss slit as I paused to allow her to accomodate my girth knowing that I filled her completely. My hands were on her hips and I felt her shake. "Padre dios, is so big." She wriggled her arse against me. "Fuck me now!!" I obliged, withdrawing and pushing, amazed that at her age, her cunt felt so wonderful, hugging my dick like a velvet vice as I increased the speed.

Reaching under, I ran my forefinger up her crack until I found a pronounced clit which I proceeded to diddle. My other hand felt for her huge tits and found a monster teat that I pinched. Swapping hands, I did the other one feeling her surge on me and inundate my cock with her juices. God, she was a horny fuck. Not better than Jaqueline, just different. She had two more orgasms before I unloaded into, clutching her huge tits and humping like a randy dog while biting her thickened shoulders and neck. Shortly after, Lucia eased me out of her as I lay panting on her back, spun around, and, dropping to her knees, cleaned my cock and balls for me. 

She rose and pushed me back into the chair. "You have another coffee, mister Allen. I suck your cock some more and push between my breasts. Then we go to my room for more. Hey? Whatchew say?"

Needless to say, I said yes, and had an absolute ball.