 Professor Gillian Passes the Test

The days crept by until finally it was Saturday night and Joe and Gillian were back at the farmhouse. Angela outlined the evening's proceedings as she and Peggy walked the couple down a hall that led to the large wing built on to the back of the farmhouse. For the first time, Joe and Gillian encountered other people at the house—three women in their late 30s, impeccably dressed in body-hugging silk dresses and five-inch heels. They strode down the hall with the same confidence and swagger as Angela, who said to them as they passed, "Ladies, have fun with the Taylors and the Gundersons." 

One of the women, a blonde with long, straight hair down her back, laughed and said over her shoulder, "And with each other!" 

They all giggled, including Angela.

She had already explained that Gillian would be entertaining three men, and that a man named Davis—the owner of a highly successful startup that had recently gone public for hundreds of millions of dollars—was a club member. The other two were his guests. 

"I'm so glad that you wanted to jump in head first," Angela had said. "Some women need to be brought along slowly, and some never reach this point. But not you. I can tell. You're like me. You burn to know your limits, and to push beyond them."

Now as they walked to Gillian's appointment, Angela addressed Joe. "You'll be in the viewing room this evening while your wife performs," she explained. "Peggy, will you escort Joe?"

Peggy beamed at Joe. "It will be my pleasure."

"Peggy can stay with you while you watch, if you'd like her to," Angela said.

Joe stammered, "Um, I don't know." He looked at Peggy, whose short dress clung to her tight body. Then he glanced at Gillian, who patted his arm.

"It's OK baby. She's cute. Have fun." 

Joe kissed her cheek. "You too—but not too much fun. Don't go falling for one of these guys."

Angela laughed. "She won't, I guarantee it. But I think she'll enjoy herself more than she can imagine. And I think you will too."

Joe followed Peggy to a small room with two armchairs, a bar with several bottles of top shelf liquor, and a double bed. The arm chairs faced one wall, into which was set a wide window that looked into a room next door. It appeared to be some sort of classroom. Several student desks—three of them occupied by men in their 30s—were arranged in a semicircle facing a larger desk and chair in front, apparently for the teacher. On the wall behind the desk was a closed door. 

Peggy gestured to Joe to sit in one of the chairs and she took the chair next to him. She crossed her bare leg toward him, dangling her backless heel from her toes, and put a hand on his thigh. She smiled. "This is going to be so much fun!" she said with a giggle.

Joe glanced at the men in the room, but they made no indication that they had heard Peggy. She laughed again. "They can't hear us or see us. It's one-way. To them it looks like a whiteboard in the classroom. She pointed to the speakers mounted in the corner of their little bedroom. But we can hear them perfectly."

In the hallway on the other side of that closed door, Angela gave Gillian a final pep talk as she stroked her long fingers through Gillian's dark hair.

"You look exquisite," Angela breathed. "I'd eat you right here in the hallway if I could."

"Oh God," Gillian whispered. She wondered if Angela was trying to put her sexual energy into overdrive. If so, it was working. She was having trouble taking a deep breath, and she knew her face was flushed.

Angela said, "The most important thing is to have fun. The more fun you have, the more relaxed you will be. Don't think of it as a performance, just let it happen. That makes it even more exciting for our clients, and you will enjoy it more as well. I have been with all of these men. They are good people and are here to have a marvelous experience. You my darling are going to give it to them." She flashed her radiant smile, and nudged Gillian toward the door.

"Stay in character as long as you can at first, but at some point early on you can just forget about it. I think you'll know when. From there it's all just good sex."

She gently squeezed Gillian's bottom. "Now go make me proud."

Gillian entered the classroom, pulling the door closed behind her, and the three men stood up. Gillian took stock. A handsome, white executive type with sandy hair, probably Davis. A tall black man, equally handsome and more athletically built. And a shorter man, perhaps not as fit or attractive as the other two, but with a pleasant, eager face. A regular guy, Gillian thought, and not bad-looking either. She realized that this night was going to be very special for him. She felt the tingle between her legs. It had been there all day—all week, in fact. Ever since the first meeting with Angela.

She knew that the three men were assessing her, too: her dark hair pulled back and pinned behind her head, black glasses, sheer white blouse covered by the jacket of her black suit. Her short skirt stopped at mid-thigh, giving way to black stockings and four-inch black pumps. The pumps echoed as she walked to her desk and settled into the chair behind it. The men were staring, covering every inch of her with their eyes.

"Gentlemen," Gillian said. "You may be seated. I am Professor Carson and I will be filling in for the rest of this term. I have reviewed the class's work and while some of the women are outstanding performers—"

The handsome man, Davis, laughed. 

Gillian eyed him over her glasses but ignored the interruption. She continued, "While the women are outstanding performers, you three men will need to work long and hard if you hope to earn a passing grade." She eyed them over her glasses, 

"Long...and...hard." It was corny, she thought, but it had the desired effect. The men were smiling, their eyes smouldering. "I called you here today so that I could begin tutoring you."

Davis was murmuring something to the two men, who were chuckling in appreciation.

"Is there a problem, Mister...Davis, is it?"

"Well, yes, Professor Carson. Frankly, we're wondering if there are some things that we could teach you, you being new and all."

"Mr. Davis, I may be new, but I assure you I am fully capable and have a great deal of experience. I don't know what the three of you could possibly teach me."

"Well, I kind of have to show you. Can I come up there?"

"Please do." Gillian gestured for him to come forward.

Davis rose and Gillian thought, with a nervous flutter in her belly, OK, here we go. She felt her heart beat a little faster.

Davis walked behind her and she held her breath. He said, "You see, students like us are easily distracted. We find it hard to concentrate, especially with a professor like you, who is so ..." 

He removed the pin from her hair and let it tumble down past her shoulders. "Who is so very new," he finished, removing her glasses. "We need a chance to get to know you better. So we can devote our full attention to you."

He pulled her chair back and wheeled her out from behind her desk and parked her in front of his two friends, locking the wheels with his foot.

Gillian exclaimed, "I don't know what you think you're doing, Mr. Davis, but I'm a professor here and I won't tolerate any shenanigans from you boys."

"I understand completely, professor," Davis said. "Would you stand up for a minute?"

"Very well, if this is part of my—instruction." She stood. She vaguely felt Davis fumbling with the top of her skirt, then heard the zipper go down.

"What on earth!" she cried. Davis grabbed her hands before she could catch her skirt, and it slid down her legs.

The two men at their desks whistled and clapped. Davis held Gillian's arms behind her back. The top half of her suit was still intact, but her skirt was now at her ankles, exposing her stockings, garters, and the tail of her blouse, which covered the front of her panties.

"This is very irregular, sir," Gillian said sternly, but Davis was busy. He had released her hands and was now lifting her jacket off her shoulders. The white blouse, they now saw, was nearly transparent and appeared to be at least one size too small. She wore no bra, and her large red nipples had grown stiff against the silky fabric. 

Davis reached around her and began working open the buttons, exposing more cleavage as he descended.

Her voice now shaky, Gillian said, "I really don't see how removing my clothing is contributing to the educational experience."

Davis laughed again. "We're getting to it, professor." He pulled Gillian back against him as he opened the last two buttons, giving her a dizzying whiff of his musky cologne. "This blouse is so sexy," he said. "I'm just going to unbutton it and leave it on. That is, until I put my cock between your tits later."

Gillian gasped and Davis laughed. "OK professor, you can sit down again." Gillian unsteadily sank back down on the chair. From behind her, Davis lifted her left leg and put it over the armrest, then did the same with her other leg. Gillian now felt fully on display: sheer blouse unbuttoned and barely clinging to her bulging breasts, her legs spread and dangling from the armrests, her lower half covered only by panties, stockings, and high heels.

She looked down and her eyes widened when she saw what had become of her thin gray cotton panties. When Angela had presented them to her earlier, along with the rest of her costume, she thought they were oddly demure compared to the transparent blouse, black stockings, and high heels. Now she understood. The gray fabric was perfect for showing the dark wet spot that had formed over her mound, and with her legs spread, the material clung obscenely to her swollen cunt lips.

"Oh my God," said the regular guy. "Doug, would you look at that."

"I see it, Scotty. I see it," the big black man responded.

Davis came to the side of the chair, putting his crotch at eye level. Gillian could see the bulge and knew he was going to be large before he unzipped, which he did now. Davis pulled his cock free of his trousers and pointed it toward her mouth.

Gillian wanted to wrap her lips around the beautiful, erect beast now waving before her face, a clear fluid seeping from the tip. But she recalled that Angela had told her to stay in character as much as possible. 

"Oh my god!" she cried. "What do you think you're doing! I'm a tenured professor! Put that away this instant!" Instead, Davis pushed it closer, and she clamped her lips tight and turned her head. 

Davis turned her head back toward his cock, a seven-inch rod of flesh. The spongy head throbbed as Davis pushed it against Gillian's lips, trying to gain access. "Come on professor, open up," he coaxed. Gillian shook her head from side to side, which had the effect of smearing Davis's pre-come across her mouth, adding an extra sheen to her rich lipstick.

"No!" Gillian cried, but forming the word gave Davis his opening and he took it, pressing forward and sliding into Gillian's wet mouth. "Mmmph!" she said in protest, but Davis was insistent. Gillian tried to push away but Davis had his hand on the back of her head. 

After a minute or two of increasingly feeble resistance, Gillian decided it was time. Oh the hell with the act, she thought as her mouth filled with Davis's engorged cockhead. Instinct kicked in and Gillian relaxed her mouth to accept the huge invader. It slid across her tongue inch by inch and brushed the roof of her mouth toward the back. Gillian tightened her lips around him and started to work her tongue up against the underside. Her eyes wide and watering, she looked down and saw that he still had about three inches to go. She realized that the only place for it was her throat. 

Gillian felt her mouth filling with saliva, matched by a warm ooze between her legs. Davis pulled back, but not completely out, and a stream of saliva slid down Gillian's chin. She was breathing heavily, her full breasts rising and falling against the sheer blouse. 

Davis said quietly, "Can you take more? Can you take it all?"

Gillian hesitated. Could she open her throat enough to take this monster? He was bigger than Joe—a little longer, and definitely thicker. But she had enjoyed a vigorous throat fucking from her husband many times. She looked up and saw the lust in Davis's blue eyes. She nodded, then moved her head forward to take him.

Davis took control again, easing the head in and out a few times, then pressed deeper. Gillian wrapped her hand around him, milking him and matching his thrust, pressing her head down farther, a half-inch or so at a time, until she felt him bump against her throat. She forced herself to relax and pushed farther still. Davis put his hand on the back of her head and guided her gently forward, in case her nerve failed. She descended, her throat filling with thick cock. Concentrating against her gag reflex, Gillian finally felt his neatly trimmed pubic hair against her nose and knew she had every centimeter. She made herself work her throat muscles, swallowing, and making a gentle gurgling sound—the way Joe liked it.

"Ahhh, fuck," Davis exclaimed. He turned to his friends, his cock completely submerged in Gillian's throat. "Are you clowns just gonna sit and watch?" Doug and Scotty jumped to their feet and fumbled at their belts and zippers.

Gillian began to work her way back off the thick penis, then back down again. From the corner of her eye, she saw Doug's dark brown cock spring free of his boxers, firm and magnificently, impossibly large. She slid back and off Davis's cock, leaving it slick with spit. She held it and moved her hand up and down while she stared, amazed, at Doug. "Holy shit!" she said, thinking it must be nine inches long, maybe more. 

"That's right, sweetheart," Doug said. "And it's all going in you." 

Scotty, now naked, knelt in front of Gillian, whose panties were so wet that the gray fabric looked painted on, providing a perfect outline of her shaved pussy.

"Let's get these off her," Scotty said, reaching for the waistband. Gillian, still gripping Davis's stiff prick, lifted her hips to let him slide the panties down and over her heels. Scotty put her legs back on the armrests. 

Doug made a low whistle and said what they all were thinking. "What a gorgeous pussy. And so fucking wet."

Scotty had the panties bunched against his face. "God she smells good." He set them aside. "I'm gonna eat her now."

Davis laughed. "Go ahead, Scott. Doug come around to the other side. She can take turns on us."

Gillian stared at the huge brown cock now bobbing before her and pressed her lips over the head, sliding it in just as Scott put his mouth against her other lips. He wiggled his tongue, searching for—and finding—her swollen clit. 

Gillian groaned as the head of Doug's dick entered her mouth while another man's tongue slipped between her wet labia. Scotty might look average, she thought, but his tongue was superb. She gave herself over to the exquisite delight of it all: the tongue on her pussy, her left hand wrapped around Davis's stiff shaft, and her mouth filling with Doug's cock. She moaned, contentedly.

Scotty expanded his repertoire, moving lower and taking advantage of Gillian's exposed position. With long slow laps, he started at her asshole and came all the way up to her clit, where he lingered, flicking the swollen bud back-and-forth, back-and-forth. Each time the tongue hit her little, puckered back hole, Gillian felt a shock surge through her. She tried to tilt her pelvis up to give him better access. Davis leaned the chair back farther and Scott put a hand on either leg and spread her wider. Gillian ground against him. She gasped and came off Doug's dick but held on tight with her fist. She turned and took Davis back into her mouth, working her head up and down. "Oh, fuck yeah," Davis exclaimed as he slid across her tongue. 

Scotty split her lips apart with his tongue and drove it as deep as he could into her channel. Gillian gave a muffled groan—and then she was spasming. She bucked against Scott's face as she pulled off Davis's dick. "Oh god keep licking my pussy!" she squealed. "I'm commiinngg!" She quivered and jerked. Doug turned her head back toward him and shoved his cock back into her mouth, which she accepted eagerly, ravenously, letting him fuck her mouth and then her throat. She could feel him sliding deeper than anyone had been.

"Oh my god she;s fantastic," Doug groaned. Gillian's breasts wobbled as she attacked the man's cock, and Doug reached down and gave her right tit a quick slap. Gillian yelped and pulled off his dick.

Davis laughed and said, "Easy, man. Angela said to take it easy on her, she's a rookie."

"She doesn't suck cock like a rookie," Doug quipped.

"It's OK," said Gillian, dropping the two stiff rods for a moment to lift her blouse back off her shoulders, fully exposing her plump breasts. "It just surprised me. Do the other one." Gillian pushed out her chest and Doug give the other mound a few slaps from underneath then twisted her engorged nipple. Gillian pushed her other breast forward and Davis joined the attack, slapping and pinching until each tit glowed pink. Gillian clung to the two stiff pricks, stroking and swirling her hands down and then up around the sensitive heads.

Scotty, meanwhile, had replaced his tongue with his fingers, first two and then three. He mauled them in and out of her, rubbing her clit with his thumb while he curled his fingers inside, rubbing her inner wall. He's an expert, she thought, like Joe. Going for my g-spot. She resumed sucking, a dozen or so times up and down one shaft, then moving to the other while she pumped the saliva-coated pole her mouth had abandoned. All the time, the intensity was building in her pussy as Scotty worked her over with his fingers and then his mouth again. Finally, as she squirmed and flopped in the chair with her second orgasm, Davis erupted into her mouth.

When she finally quieted Scotty looked up, his entire lower face glistening wetly. "OK who wants to switch."

"Me!" Doug exclaimed. And he was on her before Gillian could completely recover. Scotty pushed his cock toward her and she accepted it eagerly, her mouth and throat easily covering his six inches. Within minutes of Doug's insistent tongue bath she was coming again, but Doug held her tight, a hand on each inner thigh as he slurped her juices. She whimpered as her cunt muscles clenched and unclenched, and her tight abs quivered. 

"Oh...god...can't stop...coming. Ooooooh."

"My turn," said Davis, and Doug reluctantly rose from his knees and Gillian reached again for the massive brown cock.

Davis dove in. "God she tastes good," he murmured. Gillian humped her crotch against his face, completely giving herself over to the non-stop sucking and licking. Finally, she pulled off of Doug's throbbing prick head and shouted, "Somebody's got to fuck me NOW!"

Scotty eagerly cried, "Let's spread her out on the desk!"

Davis lifted her under her arms and Doug lifted her by the thighs. They carried her across the room and positioned her on her back, legs apart, and her pussy at the end of the desk. 

"Loosen her up, Doug!" Davis said.

Gillian looked at the huge prick as Doug moved into position. "Oh fuck!" she cried, laughing in pleasure and anticipation.

Doug massaged the head against her wet slit as the other men stood back to witness. "You want it? Tell me what you want," he teased.

Gillian gazed at the huge dick. "I want it in me."

"You gotta do better than that sweetheart." He toyed with her, pressing the head of his cock between her lips until they started to wrap around it, then pulling it back out and running it up across her stiff clit. 

Gillian whimpered. "Please. Oh please."

"Please what, baby?"
