 What started as a twosome with Kim and I suddenly became a threesome with someone whose identity remained a mystery. I was sitting on the couch, Kim was sitting on my face, and someone was sucking my cock... really nicely. Whoever it was, there was stroking, sucking, and licking... and I was loving every second of it.

Kim was still winding down from her huge orgasm as I softly licked and kissed her sweet pussy. She slid down just enough to put her soft wet mouth on mine... kissing me wetly and gently, yet passionately. And now whispering in my ear about how hard she had come, and that she would definitely be back for more of that!

"Hey baby, I bet you want to know who's sucking your cock!"

And with that, Kim stood straight up, and between her glistening inner thighs I could finally see who was working her magic on my cock... Lola!!

"Hey lover... how's your afternoon going? Enjoying your time with Kim? Sure looks to me like you are. I watched the whole thing. She's pretty hot, right? She was dying for you to suck her off, and I knew you could deliver."

Lola resumed her sucking, licking, and stroking... looking at me the whole time. Kim sat down beside me and started kissing me hard and fondling my balls. I still couldn't wrap my head around what was happening. Two beautiful women... both so very hot... working my cock together. Unbelievable!

And as Lola expertly stroked my very hard and very wet dick, she said "Kim and I have done this before lover, but you held out the longest. Most guys just go for Kim, and don't give a shit about how I might feel about it. So, you've earned some special attention."

I was flooded with relief... no more guilt over cheating on Lola. She and Kim had planned this from the beginning. And since I now did not have to worry about Lola castrating me, I could really enjoy the licking, sucking, and fucking that was in store for all of us. Can't say I saw this coming.

Kim joined Lola, and together they worked my raging hard erection. And while they shared my cock, I looked at the video that was still playing on the big flat panel.

Lola and her man had changed positions. She was up on her feet, bent over the chair, and getting her pussy fucked hard from behind. Her soft moans from earlier giving way to screams of delight as she begged him to fuck her harder while she rubbed her clit furiously with her free hand.

I know Lola... having fucked her like that many times. And I knew she was right on the edge of coming. I also knew it would be insanely intense. 

And that's when it happened... her climax sweeping over her body... convulsing in pleasure... crying out... moaning and whimpering in ecstasy as the guy kept pounding away at her pussy. Lola's orgasm seemed to last forever, her cries diminishing until she was softly moaning in the aftermath of her intense orgasm.

As she wound down, the guy slowed his strokes and she let him slip out of her hot and very wet pussy. She now positioned herself on her knees in front of him, admiring his huge dick. Taking it in both hands, she started pumping him slow and steady until he was rock hard, just the way she likes it... looking up into his eyes the whole time she stroked him. And then the little grin before she went down on him, engulfing his massive erection with her hot wet mouth, and sucking and stroking furiously.

Lola was relentless... there was no way this guy would last much longer, so I wasn't surprised when he reached for his dick to finish himself off. But Lola was having none of that! Brushing his hand away, Lola continued to stroke while she kept the head of his cock in her mouth. And sensing that his release was imminent, Lola opened her mouth wide while stroking with one hand and caressing his balls with the other... continuing to look straight up at him.

Lola took the first blast on her tongue, and then pointed his cock at her ample tits and took the rest of his cum there... stroking and talking dirty to him the whole time. She squeezed the last drops from his cock, and then took him in her mouth to suck him clean. As his cock slowly diminished in size, Lola let him slip out of her mouth... rubbing his cum all over her breasts, while occasionally licking and sucking her fingers.

"Did you enjoy the video, lover?"

Lola was stroking my cock slowly while Kim sucked and licked the head of my rock hard dick. They playfully fought over who would suck my cock... sometimes one, then the other. And occasionally they would run their lips up and down my shaft together, kissing each other at the top... one of them always fondling my balls. It was very clear they were enjoying me and each other... and also clear that this was not their first time doubling down on cock. Damn... they were good, and they loved it.

Kim, looking straight into my eyes, said "Hey hotshot photographer, bet you wish you had your camera handy. Or even better, your camcorder. You'd love a video of this for your private collection. Am I right?"

Damn... she was so right about that. I always have at least one camera with me at all times... you never know when you need it. But it was in the car. However, I still had my pants partway on. So reaching down, I got my cell phone out of my pocket and started taking pics. The girls were loving it... posing together with my cock... so damn hot!

Finally, Lola looked up at me... "Lover, my turn to sit on your face. My pussy is aching for your mouth. I really need it, babe. But first... some wine, and weed."

And with that, Kim was off to get the wine, while Lola fixed us a bowl. Both girls were already naked, so I doffed the rest of my clothes. Ahh... that felt so good!

We all sat together on the couch, Lola on one side of me, Kim on the other. We sipped, puffed, kissed, and touched each other slowly while getting our buzz on. No hurry... just really enjoying each other.

Finally, Kim said "I'm ready! Bedroom?"

That sounded good to all of us. Break time was over, and now Kim was leading us to her spacious bedroom. The girls literally pushed me down on the bed and Lola quickly straddled my face and went down on my cock in a lovely sixty-nine... presenting her wet pussy perfectly to my lips. I lost no time diving into her pussy, hearing the familiar moans and groans from her sweet lips as she sucked my dick.

"Hey, Lola... I want some of that!"

"No worries, sweetie... just getting him ready for you", she said between moans. "Mmm... here you go... he's nice and hard."

I was expecting Kim to continue with Lola's lascivious cock sucking, but she straddled me instead, taking my rock hard cock into her vagina with a long low moan of satisfaction. She paused, enjoying my cock deep inside her. Then she started her long slow strokes, taking me to the tip and back down again, over and over... her slippery snatch stroking my shaft. She felt incredible... so soft, warm, and wet... my cock and balls soaked with her wetness.

Meanwhile, Lola was getting a solid tongue lashing... loving the way I give it to her... slow and teasing, with a long buildup. She was moaning and whispering to Kim how good it was to get a proper pussy licking. They were facing each other... Kim riding my cock, and Lola planted on my lips and tongue. Although I couldn't see them, I knew they were touching and kissing each other. From their moans I could tell that the kissing was passionate, their touching tender. I could feel Lola's hand as she rubbed Kim's clit, and Kim would steal a touch of Lola's pussy as I licked and sucked her.

They were touching each other frantically now... Lola rising up off my mouth... Kim's touches replacing my sucking and licking. I now had a great view of Lola's pussy as Kim fingered her furiously. I slipped a couple of fingers into Lola's wet hot vagina, and finger fucked her slowly. And as Kim continued to ride my cock, I could feel Lola's ever quickening touches on Kim's clit.

Their moans quickly escalated to grunts and small screams, and I knew they were getting closer and closer. Was it possible? We're they really going to come together?

I didn't have long to think about it, as I felt them both tense, pause, and release together... their fingers continuing to stroke and massage while I fucked Kim. Their orgasms seemed to go on forever... their screams and sighs of pleasure nearly sending me over the edge.

The girls held each other, quietly moaning and sighing as they wound down from their orgasms. I had stopped pumping Kim... just enjoying a special moment with them while my shaft remained buried to the hilt in her pussy. I was in no rush. Giving them time for recovery.

Lola finally broke the reverie... "Lover, I want a proper fucking... right now!"

I love it when Lola takes charge. And I wasted no time complying. She's so damn hot, and I wanted my cock buried in her.

The girls slowly disengaged from each other, and Kim rose up, letting my cock slide smoothly out of her wetness. Lola got on all fours, presenting her ass and juicy wet pussy to me. Damn, she looked hot and inviting, and I wasted no time positioning myself for the plunge into the soft wet folds of her vagina.

"Not so fast, hotshot!"

It was Kim, kneeling beside us... not willing to be just an observer to Lola's fucking. She grabbed my rod and slowly stroked me while pressing her hot face against mine... whispering in my ear about how hot she gets when stroking a man's dick.

"I'm getting him nice and hard for you, Lola."

That's funny... I thought I was already pretty hard. And then Kim went down on me... sucking, licking, and stroking me with vigor. I guess she really needed to be sure.

"Kim... I need him in my pussy... now!!"

Lola was begging for it, so Kim stopped her blowjob and positioned my cock right at the entrance to Lola's incredibly wet and very hot pussy. As my tip started entering Lola, she pushed back quickly... spearing herself on my rock hard shaft. Damn... she was so fucking wet and slippery.

Lola wasted no time... rocking back and forth feverishly... my cock sliding in and out with ease... Lola taking it to the tip, and then impaling herself... over, and over, and over again. Kim, not to be left out, was kneeling beside us, running her hands over our bodies, occasionally rubbing lightly against Lola's clit, and other times against my balls.

Kim was now kissing me on my neck, and whispering in my ear... "Look at her ass, stud... she is so hot, right? And look at how your cock is sliding in and out... so fucking hard, and she is so fucking wet. You're loving this, aren't you, hotshot?"

Of course I was! Lola's ass is incredible, and her pussy lips were wrapped around my cock. I was inside her... and it was unbelievable... she was rocking my world. But suddenly, Kim eased us apart, grabbed my dick, and went down on me while she massaged my balls. What the fuck?

But Kim was not to be denied, and I wasn't about to stop her. Her sucking and licking went on and on, until she finally said... "I love the taste of Lola on your cock!"

Lola took this opportunity to flip over onto her back. She grabbed one of the small pillows and slid it under her butt, raising her pussy up and spreading her legs wide... inviting me to resume fucking her. She watched patiently, slowly massaging her clit as Kim continued pleasing me with her mouth and hands... Lola occasionally dipping her fingers deep into her pussy, finger fucking herself, and then rubbing her wet fingers over her clit.

Kim stopped sucking me, but continued stroking as we both looked at Lola. She was spread wide, and patiently waiting...

"Doesn't she look hot? She wants your cock, but loves watching me stroke your shaft while I kiss you. You know she's enjoying watching us get it on."

And with that, Kim swung her leg over me, grabbed my cock, and sat on it, taking it all the way... deep into her vagina. She rode me slowly, talking dirty into my ear, softly but loud enough so Lola could hear her. And we could hear Lola's moans getting louder and more frequent as Kim rode my cock. She was clearly enjoying watching us fuck... Kim rising and falling, her pussy dripping all over my balls.

Lola's moans and whimpering began to increase in intensity and I knew she was about to bring herself off. Kim was riding me harder now, talking dirty to me, but making sure Lola could hear us.

"Don't come yet, hotshot. Lola and I want your cum all over our faces, and we're gonna lick and kiss each other with your love juice dripping from our lips and tongues."

And that was enough for Lola... with those words she went off like a rocket... her body shaking as wave after intense wave coursed through her body. Her loud cries diminishing to soft mewing as she came down from her wild orgasm.

"Kim, I'm ready to finish him now. I want his cock deep inside me."

With a long sigh, Kim straightened up, letting me slowly slip out of her soaking pussy. Lola's ass was still propped up by the pillow, giving me a perfect height for me to stay on my knees in front of her.

After re-positioning myself, I started reaching for my dick, but Kim was there first, slowly stroking my shaft, looking first at me, then at Lola.

"You ready honey?"

All Lola could do now was nod weakly, and smile. She was spent, and still recovering from her self inflicted orgasm. Kim positioned my cock at the entrance to her pussy, and I slowly pushed my way past the folds of her pussy lips and into her wet tunnel.

Ahhh... I'm deep inside Lola... her hot wet pussy enveloping my throbbing erection. With an arm around each leg, I pulled her even closer, driving my shaft up to the hilt. I then started my long smooth strokes, taking my time, knowing there was no rush.

Kim lay down beside Lola, fondling her breasts, and kissing her passionately on the lips, their tongues swirling together. I was totally lost in the moment. Nothing else existed but the three of us and our passions. My strokes slowly increased in frequency, and I knew that it was now my turn. I wanted it, and so did Lola and Kim.

As I approached my release, Kim slipped her hand down to my pumping shaft, putting a finger on each side of my cock and squeezing gently. Her fingers and Lola's wet pussy... omg!! It wouldn't be long now. I was so close, and Kim knew it.

"I'm gonna stroke your cock until you come all over my face!"

Kim quickly slid down and positioned her face for the money shot. (Damn... wish we had this on a vidcam!). I was so ready...

When I was going over the edge, I pulled back enough so that Kim could get her fingers around my shaft. Pulling me out and toward her mouth, Kim stroked me masterfully, bringing me to my long awaited climax.

Kim's mouth was wide open, and my first burst hit her squarely on her lips and into her mouth. She was not a flincher, and took the rest of it on her face while she had her eyes locked on mine. Kim kept stroking, and stroking... slowing down, but never stopping. At the end, she took me in her mouth... her tongue swirling around the head of my cock... and then took me all the way to the base, and held it there for what seemed like minutes... mewing and moaning the whole time.

"Girl... I want some of that!"

With a long moan of agreement, Kim released my cock and slid back up to Lola, positioning her head above her face. Lola went wild... kissing Kim tenderly and with great passion. She licked my cum from Kim's face and shared it with her... their mouths sliding together... tongues playfully intertwining... hands roaming all over each other.

That's when it struck me... photo opportunity! Here were two gorgeous, cum soaked, hot women playing with each other. I quickly grabbed my cell phone off the night table, and started capturing some video. They loved it... continuing their kissing, sharing, and groping... sometimes looking straight into the camera with their hot smiles, and other times looking at one another... their hands never stopped exploring each other.

Later, as we lay in bed, sipping some more wine and passing the weed, I suddenly had a thought... I wonder who the next lucky guy will be... watching the video I just made, while Lola and Kim worked him over. That would be so hot!

"Hey Kim... check out our stud.. he's hard again! Mmm..."