 Part 1 of 3: The New Girl

As Gina arrived at her downtown office, dressed in a snappy new suit, with a confident smile on her face, she still couldn't believe she was working there.

Landing a job at Cobolt Lansing was a dream come true. Years of studying finance and doing internships had finally paid off, she thought.

Gina took a moment to soak in the feeling after she sat down at her desk. But, it was her first month on the job and she needed to maintain a high performance. She turned on the computer, and with an upcoming acquisition, there were plenty of numbers for her to calculate.

So far, her job consisted of doing the due diligence work, in which she would calculate the numbers to make sure everything added up. Then she would write a report to submit to her boss. It was mostly tedious, but she was always great with numbers.

As she prepared a financial statement, Christine approached her desk, presumably to discuss the latest gossip in the office. Although they were roughly the same age, Christine had been working there for much longer, and in many ways, was a mentor to Gina.

"You're looking sassy today," Christine noted.

Gina playfully struck a pose, "New skirt and shoes."

"I can tell. Foxy."

"My sister was in town and we went shopping. That was my weekend; food, clothes, and plenty of wine."

"Good for you. I'm actually kind of jealous that you've had so much fun."

"Why? Busy weekend?"

"Corporate functions," Christine said, "at my boss's request."

"Bummer."

Christine shook her head. "No, I actually enjoyed it. It kept me busy, but the good kind of busy, if you catch my drift."

"Oh, I think I do."

Gina didn't quite understand what Christine was implying, but she agreed anyway. She figured that Christine was a natural workaholic, just as she was.

"Anyway," Christine said. "The company just sent out a mass email regarding the participants for this quarter's activities, and I was surprised to see your name on it. Who knew? I had no idea you were so adventurous."

Of course, Christine was referring to a quarterly tradition held at the company, in which employees could participate in different office activities to socialize on different floors, ahead of the quarterly financial reports. 

At least that was the official description. It was meant to be a fun distraction from the hectic work schedule placed upon the employees of Cobolt Lansing. It was also meant to create a cohesive work environment. 

Gina gave a half-shrug and a nod. "Yeah, why not? It sounds like fun and it's a great way to meet new people around here.."

"You sound like you're taking the official title a little too seriously."

Gina looked confused, "Why wouldn't I?"

"You really don't know, do you?"

"Know what?"

"The quarterly corporate activities are a little more than just games," Christine explained with heavy innuendo in her voice. 

"Okay, I still don't know what you're talking about. The emails and the people registering all said that..."

Christine cut her off mid-sentence. "That's just a cover. I mean, it should have been semi-obvious. At least someone should have pulled you aside and explained it to you, since you're new here."

"Now I'm officially confused."

"Come with me."

Christine gently took Gina by the hand, and let her to women's restroom. Once inside, Christine took a quick glance to ensure that the stalls were empty and they had complete privacy.

"I went to last year's corporate activities," Christine said. "Honestly, it was the most fun I've ever had."

"Did you really need to tell me that in the bathroom?"

"No, I dragged you here to inform you that it's actually a big corporate fuck fest. I mean that literally."

Gina shook her head. "I think you mean figuratively."

"No, literally."

"So you're telling me that people actually had public sex in the office last year?" Gina asked with an eyebrow raised.

"Along with this too."

Christine formed an O shape with her lips and she made a crude gesture with her hands, symbolizing oral sex and stroking a hard penis in her mouth. She even used her tongue to press the side of her cheek for full effect. 

"You can't be serious," Gina said.

"I don't expect you to believe me. Heck, I wouldn't have believed it either. Not until I saw it. If you don't believe me, ask anyone."

Gina paused for a moment. "If this were true, you'd think that some women who work here would be suing the company."

"A lawsuit? Cobolt owns all the best lawyers in this city, and some of the judges too. Besides, suing Cobolt is practically a career ender. No one would ever hire you after that."

Gina looked at her friend's eyes. There was nothing about Christine's demeanor to suggest that she was lying or joking around.

"This is a lot to swallow," Gina noted.

"Just wait until the activities start," Christine quipped.

"You're obviously screwing around with me. Very funny."

"When our conversation is over, ask any of the experienced girls around here. You'll hear the exact same answers from everyone. I never mentioned this before because, well, obviously it's a really awkward thing. I assumed you already knew. It should have been explained when you were hired."

"Is that how you found out, during your interview?"

Christine looked slightly embarrassed. "When I interviewed to work here, the person who interviewed me began asking me these questions; how open minded I am, how well I work with others, things like that. It became clear where his questions were headed, and I really wanted the job, so I told him I was okay with everything. Then he explained how this corporation works."

"And he hired you right after?"

"Well, I gave him oral sex first, then he hired me."

"God, my interview went much differently," Gina said, thinking back to her own job interview, which was tame because she was interviewed by an older woman.

"So now you know. Are you willing to be a company girl?"

Gina gulped. "I'll just notify them that I won't be participating anymore. That's not really my thing."

Christine laughed. "Saying 'no' to the bosses won't help your chances of getting a promotion anytime soon. They remember these things. They remember who performs, and who doesn't, and who chickens out."

"That sounds horrible. It's the year 2016, women shouldn't be subjected to this kind of treatment."

"True, but we work for Cobolt Lansing, one of the most powerful corporations in America, and they make their own rules. Why do you think all the female employees here have a certain look?"

Gina thought about it. "It's just a preference from the managers I suppose."

"Think about it. The managers and people who run this place are always surrounded by beautiful women. Having nice legs and a great pair of tits makes it easy to get a promotion around here. Think about how many young women have been promoted so fast. It's because they play ball with the managers."

"And if I refuse?"

"Then you'll be crunching numbers for the next few decades," Christine said. "Same pay, same workload, no promotion."

Those words hit Gina like a ton of bricks.

"I don't want to be stuck in this position for the rest of my career. I love this company. I work hard and I want to be rewarded for my efforts."

"You don't want to be stuck in this position?" Christina asked rhetorically. "Then switch to another position. On your knees, on your back, then later on all fours. Those are the positions that will get you promoted around here."

"You're actually serious about this."

Christine smiled, "No sane person would ever joke about anything like this in the workplace."

After their private conversation, Gina spent the day quietly asking around if the rumors were true. She only asked the younger female employees, and all the answers were the same. "Yes."

Each answer was met with smiles, whispers, and a few giggles.

It was no longer a rumor or something that Christine had made up. It had become a fact. The office activities were a very real thing, done to boost morale in the company and provide adult entertainment in the process.

Gina was in disbelief that such a thing could be happening in the year 2016. But then again, maybe Cobolt Lansing was ahead of its time? Maybe that's why they were so successful?

And if there's anything Gina wanted, it was to climb the corporate ladder.

***

Nights were usually the same for Gina. She ate a take-out dinner in her small downtown apartment, which she bought on the way home. She took a nice soothing shower. Most importantly, she caught up on all her favorite shows.

In between she would handle text messages from friends and family. That was a typical evening for her as she relaxed from the stresses of her corporate job.

Before bed, she sat in front of her laptop and did a few internet searches. First, she researched the legality of having sexual activities in the office. She could definitely sue for that. Second, she searched if there was any precedent for these types of activities. There was none (except for in a few erotic stories she came across). Third, she looked up office porn.

Gina wasn't much of a porn watcher. She preferred reading erotica online or simply using her own imagination, letting her precious fantasies run wild, but, this was of critical importance. The fate of her career could be on the line.

She went to a porn site and looked up videos of corporate scenarios. There were a few different clips of ridiculously good-looking porn stars dressed in fancy suits which also revealed their hot bodies.

The first video contained a busty blonde in a way-too-tight blouse and a barely-there miniskirt. They briefly made conversation, which Gina skipped, and watched some of the sex action. She was in awe of the female's deep throating ability, and later, her ability to take a good pounding on the desk without having her reading glasses fall off.

The second video was much classier. It featured a slim young secretary, with nice ambiance in the background, along with some slow music. It looked like it was meant to appeal towards the more artsy hardcore porn crowd (if such a thing even exists). This video featured the secretary handling two men, making sure to satisfy both of the men equally. At least in this video, the men fucked the woman gently and more respectfully.

Gina was no prude when it came to sex. She considered herself non-judgmental towards other people and open minded herself. She didn't have a long list of partners either- 13 by a quick estimate.

She closed the porn site. Watching those kinds of videos wasn't her thing.

But damn it, she had signed up to participate in the company's quarterly event, and how could she back out now? It could potentially ruin her career, even though she had grounds to file a big lawsuit.

She stood up and looked at herself in the mirror, dressed in a large tshirt and loose fitting sweat pants. Her face was makeup free and her hair was down. She wondered how she compared to the porn stars in those videos she had just watched.

Gina turned to each side to check out her butt. She lifted her tshirt to examine her belly. Her body was roughly average, leaning more towards the fit side. She was an athlete in high school, running track and playing soccer. These days, what kind of financial analyst has the energy for a good fitness routine? She managed to go to the gym a few times a week, which is less than ideal for her.

Overall, she was satisfied with her appearance. Her face was a nice balance between cute and sexy. Men still asked her out for dates when she was casually dressed on the weekends. When she wore her office clothes, men seemed too intimidated to speak to her, but they had no problem checking out her beauty, with their eyes rolling up and down.

All things considered, you can't get to the top without a few sacrifices. Gina knew all about sacrifices. She had top grades at her old university, studying when most of her friends were partying. She worked long hours for her old internships and jobs, which had cost her a few boyfriends along the way.

Now she was determined to accomplish something else entirely.

***

There was a fire in her eyes and a spark in her step as she arrived to work the next day. Gina was dressed a little sexier than usual, with a slightly shorter skirt with stockings, and a little more makeup on her face.

She waited at her desk, not thinking about work, until Christine finally showed up. When Christine did show up, Gina took her by the arm and dragged her to the bathroom.

"I'm doing it," Gina said, once the bathroom door shut. "I'm all in."

Christine nodded. "Good for you. I like your attitude."

"Are most new girls like this? Or are most scared?"

"From what I can tell, it's a mixed bag. What goes on here is a dirty little secret. No one openly discusses that stuff. But there are people in the corporate world who knows what goes on here."

"Crazy," Gina said, shaking her head.

"Trust me, you're only finding out the tip of the iceberg."

"Have you ever, you know, participated?"

Christine blushed, "Well, I don't want to go into much detail, but I have."

"Really? If I may ask, how many, you know..."

Christine held up four fingers. "That many."

"Oh god."

"Like I said, that's only the tip of the iceberg. Plenty of women get gangbanged around here."

Gina suddenly felt uncomfortable and the thought of women taking on multiple men at once. She thought of her own pussy, and how painful that must be. More shocking, she thought of the smart & strong women in that company, and how may have participated in those sorts of sexual activities.

"How can they handle that?" Gina thought aloud.

"A vagina is a resilient thing. If you're horny enough, your pussy can take it."

"I can imagine."

"You'll do fine," Christine pointed out.

"So this company is one big fuck-fest for testosterone filled men."

"Basically," Christine shrugged. "But it goes both ways. If you want your pussy eaten, there's plenty of that to go around. Let me ask you, have you ever wanted to fuck a guy in the ass with a strap-on?"

The thought made Gina shudder.

"No way."

"Well, if you'd like to try it, there's plenty of that too. There's something here for everyone. It's not that women are sex slaves here, well, unless you want to be. Anyone can have their needs taken care of."

"Good to know," Gina nodded. "At least this place isn't sexist."

Christine smiled, "Now you're starting to get the hang of it. And you're right, I don't think of this business model as being sexist. Not at all. Women make tons of money here. There's also plenty of opportunities for promotions. If you want your pussy eaten, by a man or woman, all you have to do is ask nicely."

"Maybe later. Right now, I'm focused on the event."

Christine put her hand on her friend's shoulder. "Girl, you have much to learn. And I'm going to teach you."

Part 2 of 3: Training Gina

They had lunch in a crowded burger place near their office, which was perfect because it was filled with loud conversations, which meant that no one could hear what they were saying.

"On a scale of 1-10, what's your level of sexual experience?" Christine asked.

Gina thought a moment. "How do you define 10?"

"10 would be a girl with no inhibitions whatsoever, open to trying anything with anyone. 1 would be a complete prude, who only has sex in long term relationships."

"I guess I'd be a 6," Gina replied. "I'm not exactly picky or uptight, but I respect myself. I listen to my instincts with this kind of thing."

"How many partners would you estimate you've had?"

Gina thought for a moment. "Less than 15, I suppose."

"Not bad. Especially given how beautiful you are."

"I've been in a few serious relationships."

"Ever have sex more than once in a night?" Christine asked.

"A few times."

"Same person?"

Gina nodded. "Yes, I've never had a threesome or slept with more than one person in a day. That's just never been my style."

"Then what is your style? You meet a guy, get to know him a while, then fuck?"

"Basically."

"Ever have a one-night-stand?"

"Once, in college, and I regretted it."

"Do you think you'll be able to handle this, then?" Christine asked.

Gina took a breath. "I've visualized this. And honestly, I've looked at porn to get an idea of what this might be like."

"And?"

"I'm up for the challenge. I want to be a team player."

Christine smiled, "Then you have much to learn."

***

Usually after work was over, both of them would head straight home after the long corporate hours. But today, both of them went straight to Christine's apartment on the other side of the city. It was only slightly bigger than Gina's place, and decorations were much nicer.

"You could be an interior decorator if you wanted," Gina pointed out, still admiring the apartment.

"Thanks," she smiled. "But that doesn't pay nearly as much as Cobolt does. Do you want anything to drink? Juice, water, coffee?"

"The last thing I need right now is to consume any liquids."

"Speaking of which, shall we get started?"

There was a playfulness in the air as Christine gave a semi-excited look. Gina gave the same look in return. They were both in Christine's apartment for a reason, and there was no need for further delay.

Gina gave a faint nod. "Let's get started."

"Follow me."

Christine turned and walked towards her bedroom. Gina followed. It was an awkward situation, Gina thought, as the two professionally dressed office women headed towards the bedroom for god knows what. In a strange way, it was also kind of exciting. It had been a while since Gina had any form of sexual contact with another human being, so she was willing to try anything.

Plus, if she wanted to succeed at the corporate event, she would have to do her very best. Gina was always a girl who came prepared, in school, in her work experience, and now this...

Christine's bedroom looked ordinary. It was nice and neat, much like the rest of the apartment. The bed was made and there was a dresser with beauty products placed in an organized manner. Everything appeared to be neatly folded and orderly.

The feel of the room changed when Christine opened a drawer. Inside were an array of perfectly arranged sex toys, from dildos, to vibrators, to things which Gina had no idea what they were.

Christine picked up a mid-sized flesh colored dildo, which had a suction cup on the bottom so it could be attached to a flat surface. 

"Men love receiving oral sex," she said, holding up the sex toy. "Obviously you don't need me to tell you that."

"It's not rocket science."

"Exactly. Since you've signed up to participate in the quarterly event, you'll be expected to do plenty of sucking."

Gina gulped. "Really?"

"Oh yes."

Christine pressed the bottom of the dildo on the drawer top, where the suction cup attached itself to the flat surface, and the dildo pointed upwards.

"You don't expect me to do this here, do you?" Gina asked, already knowing the answer.

"Practice makes perfect."

"Unless you're certified in giving blowjobs, this seems a little..."

"Actually, I took a few classes," Christine smiled. "I'm not exactly certified, but I'm close enough. Besides, you'll need to get rid of those nerves before the big day. What better opportunity than this? I'll give you all the necessary pointers."

Christine had a good point. If Gina wanted to bring her A game, she would have to brush up on her sex skills. 

"Fine, I suppose that makes sense."

"Show me what you've got. I'll provide a critique."

"This thing better be clean," Gina said, slightly serious, slightly joking.

Christine smiled, "I always clean all my toys as thoroughly as possible. Now, let's begin."
