 Part VI –Well, this is for both of us

NOTE: This story contains, among other things, male on male sex. If you find that offensive, please move to another story.

All Robert could think about was the club. He had never been there before. All he knew about it was what Gina had shared which was precious little. All he really knew was every time she came home from the place they made love well into the night. She had suggested the other morning that they go together sometime and tonight was the night. 

Gina was preoccupied at work. She was thinking about Simone and Sam. She was thinking about the other night. And she was thinking about this evening too. For that matter, she was thinking about that very first night which had started the whole thing. 

She thought about how this couple, this most sensuous couple, managed to change her entire life. She thought about all the deliciously naughty thoughts that lived in her head now. She thought about how she looked at other men thinking of Robert. Now the same was true when she looked at other women. And apparently others could read her thoughts. Even the girls in the office looked at her differently these days. 

Robert loved her new dress. It was a backless number with nothing more than two strips that came up the front made of a shimmery purple material. It was incredibly short and showed off her nice legs. He was happy now that he took her suggestion to wear slacks and a sport coat. They looked good together. 

Robert pulled into the parking lot across from the club and parked the car. Gina could feel her cute little thong becoming damp as they walked hand in hand across the street to the club. Once inside she suggested they take a booth. Robert had no idea it was the same one the girls shared the other night. They ordered drinks and Gina excused herself to go to the ladies room. 

Robert looked around trying to get a feel for the place. It was just another club he thought. Yeah, the people seemed to be pretty upscale, but nothing special past that. Their drinks arrived and he could see Gina returning from the ladies room. She was beautiful this evening and he thought about what a lucky guy he was. 

Gina slid into the booth across from him. Robert thought that was strange as they always sat together. He watched her take a sip of her drink and then felt her foot probing his crotch. Now he understood. He sipped his drink looking at her watching how her face changed as his cock grew underneath her foot. 

A man and woman approached their table. Robert looked up at them trying to determine if he knew them and from where. The woman gave him a sensual smile and slid right into their booth next to Gina. The man was left to slide in next to Robert. 

Robert looked at Gina for some clue as to who these people were. He noticed her face had grown flush. She was staring at the woman. It was the way she was staring at the woman that caught his interest. He had never seen Gina look at anyone like that before. 

The woman was gorgeous and had the most sensuous brown eyes. She leaned in and kissed his wife. Now this was no peck on the cheek. She was kissing Gina, on the lips and taking her sweet time about it. And Gina was letting her. If he wasn't mistaken, she might even have been kissing her back!

"Hello...you must be Robert" She said easily. "I am Simone and this is my husband Sam." 

"Hello" he said and then turned to Sam giving him a nod. Robert was slightly off balance. He had no idea what was going on. Simone certainly seemed quite familiar with Gina that much was obvious. 

Then it hit him. Gina tasted of pussy the other evening when she came home. He had chalked it up to his imagination, but now he knew it was Simone. Suddenly his mind was filled with questions. Who was Simone? How did she know his name? Where did Gina know her from? Did Sam know what was going on between their wives? His pants became uncomfortably tight as he pictured the two of them together making love. 

"I met Simone and Sam the other night when I was here with the girls" Gina said quickly hoping to fill in some of the blanks. She kicked herself for not telling Robert about them before this. She could see now that would have been much better. 

The waitress stopped by and Robert ordered drinks for everyone. This was a most interesting chain of events. He was quite curious to see where this was headed. Robert was fascinated with Simone and the way she looked at his wife. 

"Excuse me for being so forward" Simone said nonchalantly, "but I am quite drawn to your wife." Her manner was so sexual, so easy. She was obviously quite outspoken and very comfortable with it. He imagined her beauty allowed her many advantages. 

"She is a beautiful woman" Robert said confidently, "as are you." He turned to Sam, "You are a lucky man to have such a beautiful wife. Tell me, how long have you two been married?"

"Three years" Sam said with a smile. "They have been the most interesting years of my life." 

"Yes, I can just imagine" Robert said without thinking. 

"I would like to take your wife as a lover. Sam allows me such liaisons from time to time as he understands my needs" Simone said smoothly. 

Gina turned to Simone shocked. "You would not enjoy such an arrangement...however brief it may be?" Simone asked with those lovely brown eyes. 

"Yes dear...answer her question" Robert said. Gina turned to him. Simone had put her on the spot. Robert was not upset. He seemed genuinely interested in her answer. Gina glanced at Sam. He was probably used to this. 

"I'm not sure how I feel about that" Gina said. 

"Let me see if I can help" Simone said easily. She took Gina in her hands and kissed her again. Those big soft lips were so wet, so easy to kiss. Gina found herself kissing her back passionately. Robert watched as did Sam. Their kiss made his cock throb with excitement. 

Gina was flustered. Her nipples were hard and poking through the front of her dress. She was clearly quite excited. Robert could see the affect Simone had on Gina. She was having quite an affect on him as well. 

Simone broke their kiss, but kept her face right next to Gina's. She ran her tongue along Gina's bottom lips in the most seductive way. She looked into Gina's eyes. Gina had no control when she was around this woman. She seemed to cast some sort of spell over her. She was helpless. 

"It would be innocent enough...after all, I have Sam, Gina has you. I would not want to change that" Simone said. There would be nothing innocent about it, thought Robert. But that was fine with him. Isn't that what an affair was all about? Gina could not bring herself to say it, but it was easy to see that she was all for it. 

"How do you feel about this Sam?" Robert asked. 

"Who am I to deny her?" he said. "She enjoys both men and women. It is something I understand...I do too upon occasion." 

There it was...the other shoe. Robert turned slowly back to Gina. She saw it in his eyes. She ran her tongue seductively along her lip as all the wheels fell into place in Robert's head. Gina turned to Simone and kissed her. 

Robert's cock throbbed. Their kiss was so seductive, so sensual. Robert's thoughts were interrupted by a firm squeeze of his cock. His breath caught in his throat, but just for a second. He felt a thumb roll over the head of his cock and then back down. It was definitely male in nature although he had never been touched by a male before.

Sam knew what Robert wanted to feel. Men liked firm, dedicated contact. Robert was nice and hard too. He had a nice girth that fit Sam's hand perfectly. 

At any other point in his life Robert would have rejected this entirely. But he saw this as an opportunity. He wasn't sure if he was ready for such things, but here it was. He had an undeniable urge to feel Sam's cock. And he couldn't think of a single reason why he shouldn't. 

He reached into Sam's lap, found his cock and took it in his hand. Of course Sam was hard, very hard. Robert was quite at ease holding Sam's cock. He imagined he had Gina to thank for that. 

The girls broke their kiss and returned their attention to the boys. Both their nipples were hard and clearly visible. Gina hoped Robert was as excited as she was. She ran her foot back up to his crotch and found Sam's hand. The look on her face was priceless. On a whim, she ran her foot over to Sam's crotch and discovered Robert's hand. 

"Does his cock feel good, baby?" Gina asked seductively. Robert gave her a slow, but sure smile. 

"Our house is but a few blocks away" Simone said gathering her purse. Robert released Sam's cock and pulled out his wallet. He threw a couple of twenties on the table and slid out of the booth. Simone could see the large bulge in his pants. With Gina standing right there blocking everyone's view, Simone took a quick squeeze of Robert's cock. "Sam is a wonderful cock sucker" she whispered in his ear. 

The two couples headed to the parking lot. "Follow us...we are in the Porsche." Robert and Gina followed in silence. The car was filled with sexual tension. They both knew what was about to happen, but neither knew what to say. After riding in silence for a block or two Gina leaned over and said, "Remember to use your tongue...just like I taught you." 

"I will baby" he said looking back at her. 

Sam and Simone lived about six blocks from the club. It was a warehouse district that had been converted into lofts. Robert and Gina parked right behind them and the four of them got into the commercial elevator that served the building. 

The smell of sex filled the elevator. Robert thought it was one of the longest rides he had taken. The door opened and Simone took Gina's hand leading her into the two story open loft. Robert and Sam followed behind. 

Sam reached for a remote and the huge open loft filled with smooth jazz. A single shaft of light filled the area between two semi circular couches that faced each other in the middle of the room leaving everything else in shadows. The décor was simple and elegant giving off a Zen like feeling. The closer they got Robert could see the sunken hot tub between the couches. 

Simone led Gina inside the couches, turned and took her in her arms. One hand snaked up the back of Gina's head as Simone's lips met hers. Gina was instantly consumed and melted in her arms. 

Sam removed his clothes. He was still erect and Robert surveyed his cock. It was a handsome specimen and he was going to suck it. Sam stepped into the hot tub and turned it on. The whirl of the jets could be heard and the turbulent water cast eerie reflections against the walls. Robert removed his clothes, his erection standing free. He stepped into the hot tub with Sam. 

Robert looked back at the ladies. Simone was working the clasp of Gina's dress as they kissed. In an instant Gina's dress fell to a heap on the floor. All that was left was a sexy thong and heels. Gina quickly returned the favor and soon both were kissing breast to breast under the hungry gaze of their husbands. 

The girls looked at their naked husbands in the hot tub. Gina was ready to join them, but Simone took her hand and led her to a stairway behind the couch that led up to a suspended island that floated in the middle of the loft. 

Robert watched as they climbed the stairs. What a beautiful sight it was. They disappeared from sight and he quickly realized that he was alone with Sam. He glanced at Sam to find him staring at him. Sam eased out of the water and sat on the edge of the hot tub. His cock was standing proudly from his crotch. He had a pretty nice cock as far as cocks go Robert thought. While still looking at him, Sam spread his legs invitingly. 

The top of the stairs revealed a padded nook suspended from the ceiling that floated over the loft. There was only one wall and it featured a natural rock fireplace. What a cozy little area Gina thought. She could feel Simone's hands cup her breasts from behind. She worked her fingertips to her nipples and teased. This woman, now her female lover it would seem, had such an affect on her. Simone moved to the padded floor and summoned Gina to follow. 

Robert waded across the hot tub and eased himself between Sam's spread legs. He stared at the ridged cock before him. It was of normal size and nicely shaped. He wanted to fix it in his mind as this would the first cock he sucked. He took it in his hand and causally stroked it. Sam leaned back against his extended arms and watched. Robert took his balls in his other hand massaging them gently. Sam moaned softly. 

Yes he was going to suck this cock. And he was going to enjoy it. Robert didn't feel the slightest bit reserved. He was playing with another man's cock and balls and it felt good. He found it exciting and sexual. He lowered his mouth and took the tip of Sam's cock between his lips. Sam moaned with excitement. 

Gina and Simone could hear Sam's moans floating up to their cozy little nook. Simone smiled at Gina and reached for a remote. Suddenly a flame blazed in the fireplace as a large flat screen sitting above it came to life. There was Robert, in high definition, taking Sam's cock deep into his mouth. 

Gina released a guttural moan they came straight from her crotch. Simone crawled between her legs and pulled her soaked thong off and threw it to the side. Gina stared at the screen watching her husband. It was well worth the wait. For the very first time in her life, she felt a feminine tongue ease into her sex. 

Robert ran his tongue along Sam's firm shaft feeling every inch. It was slow and deliberate. He was licking a real cock and it felt very, very good. He marveled at its warmth and softness. He loved the way it throbbed from his caress. He kept going, right down to his balls. Sam moaned as he felt his balls dancing on the end of Robert's tongue. Robert was determined to experience and enjoy every aspect this nice hard cock. 

Gina had her legs spread wide teetering on the end of her heels. Simone was lying quite comfortably between her legs teasing her clit with her tongue. Gina could not take her eyes away from the large flat screen where Robert was clearly lost in giving the most sensuous, most sexual blowjob Gina had ever witnessed. She was only slightly aware that she was flooding Simone's face with her juices. 

Robert worked his way up to the tip of Sam's cock. He held the base with his hand and traced his tongue along Sam's perfectly shaped helmet. He could feel the little curve that turned into Sam's slit. He ran his tongue up his slit and was welcomed by a large dollop of pre-cum that oozed onto his tongue. He simply loved that taste. He whipped it off and swallowed. 

Simone was no stranger to licking pussy. She was administering just the right combination of licks, kisses and caresses. Gina could see her grinding her perfectly shaped ass into the padded floor. Gina would return the favor when the opportunity presented itself. But now, now she was enjoying the most intense sexual experience of her life. 

Robert parted his lips and slid them over Sam's cock. He preceded easily right down to the base. Sam's cock was not nearly as thick as Gina's. Sucking a normal sized cock was a breeze!

Sam closed his eyes and threw his head back. Robert had taken all of his cock right down to the root. Robert pulled up his length and then went back down. He marveled at the warm, smooth flesh between his lips. It was so different from Gina's cock. He couldn't believe how easy it was taking a normal sized cock into his mouth. 

Gina watched as her husband sucked cock obviously doing a masterful job of it as evidenced by Sam's intermittent moans. Robert's deep throating of Sam was a powerful display of masculine sexuality and it was having a dizzying affect upon her. It was the most erotic thing she had ever witnessed. 

The affect was even more stunning upon Sam. He could feel the sweet power of release building inside him. He was now a prisoner to Robert's skillful assault. 

Gina was doing her best to hold on. She didn't want to climax before Sam, but Simone was doing magical things to her. Gina could see the look on Sam's face. It was one of pure pleasure. 

Sam was leaking profusely in Robert's mouth. The taste was driving him insane. He wanted to feel Sam explode in his mouth. He couldn't wait to feel that cum splashing everywhere. He was so focused on Sam's cock. 

It began in the center of his brain, ran down his chest and exploded through the end of his cock. It was an immaculate white out. Everything ceased to exist. The only thing he could feel was his cock pulsating wildly between strong wet lips bringing euphoria. 

Gina could see Robert gulping down Sam's orgasm with complete determination. From what she could see, Sam was giving him quite a load. Her orgasms came in fast succession. Each was more intense than the one before it. Simone was an expert at driving out every last drop of pleasure from her. 

Sam collapsed back against the floor. His cock lay prone against his thigh completely dry. 

Gina closed her eyes and slipped off into la-la land as the perfect calm flowed over her body. 

Robert pushed back floating across the hot tub. He positioned himself over the inclined bench just beneath the surface and felt the tiny pin pricks of the water jets along his body. 

He closed his eyes and smiled. His first blowjob had gone extremely well. 

Simone propped herself up on her elbows and gazed upon Gina's beautiful body. She loved the slope of her breasts, the feminine swallow of her belly that flowed down to the V of her crotch. It had been a while since her last female lover. She was going to enjoy Gina very much. 

The End