 The flight home on Sunday was relaxing. I'd switched from early morning to mid afternoon and I had the entire row of seats to myself. I spent most of the time with my sketch pad, drawing gorgeous naked Darlene from memory. Several men and a couple of women paused to stare at my drawing as they walked up the aisle. One guy stood looking over my shoulder for a long time and finally left with a definite erection. I couldn't get her out of my mind. By the time we were approaching Austin, my thong was moist.

I practically ran up the ramp into the concourse. Seconds later, I was plastered against Ken, giving him a long open-mouthed kiss and thrilling to the stiffening in his groin. When we finally separated, I noticed several people staring at us. I almost hoped they'd applaud. One sweet-looking old lady gave me a lewd wink.

We saw a handicapped restroom. Nobody was watching, so we ducked inside. That's when we started kissing in earnest; mouths, faces, ears, necks . . . Ken unbuttoned my blouse and began kissing my breasts. My nipples hardened rapidly under his lips. I removed my blouse and skirt. The floor was a little dirty, so I set my clothes carefully on top of my briefcase. 

"Your thong is soaking wet," Ken commented as he helped me step out of the little scrap of fabric. "The juice is starting to run down your legs," he continued as he sank to his knees. I gripped the back of his head, pulling him to me as he plunged his tongue into my burning core. He alternated between tongue-fucking my pussy and lapping my juices with licking and sucking my clit, pushing me to the edge of orgasm. 

"Come on baby," I said, stepping away and bracing my back against the wall. "I'm ready for your cock." I could see most of my body in the mirror, naked except for my watch, gold ankh necklace, dark gray nylons and shiny black pumps. My face was flushed, my erect nipples crowned my swollen breasts, my inner thighs were shiny with the juices dripping from my open pussy . . . 

"Is your camera in the briefcase?" Ken asked. I nodded. He dug it out, checked the settings and snapped shots from several angles. "Portrait of a woman ready to get fucked," he said with satisfaction as he put the camera down.

"Did you get the juice running down my legs?" I asked as I unzipped his pants and released his throbbing erection and bulging balls.

"At the resolution I was using, that'll show up fine," Ken answered as he pressed his body against mine. 

I wrapped my hand around his engorged pole and guided him to the mouth of my cunt. "I've been waiting for this all week," I whispered. 

"Just for this cock and no other?" Ken asked. His hands were kneading my breasts and he was pinching and twisting my nipples with his fingers as his cock head began opening me. 

"Oh yeah!" The sensation of his entire length slipping into me made me give my answer extra emphasis. "No matter how many men I have, you'll always be my favorite fuck."

"I know, baby," Ken said as he began sliding in and out. "You're my favorite piece of ass, the slut of my dreams, the cunt I always want to fill, and especially . . . the woman I love, even when I'm not fucking you."

"I love you too," I replied, tightening and loosening my pussy muscles in time with his thrusts. "Always . . . in and out of bed." 

"We're sure out of bed right now," he said, a little breathlessly. He was thrusting hard, now, working his cock to catch my G-spot. 

"Oh baby . . . I'm cumming!" I gasped. Ken held me up against the wall and continued driving into me as I thrashed and moaned. The orgasm washed over me like a series of ocean waves, tossing and battering me, eventually passing and leaving me with an amazing feeling of clarity. I swear I could feel everything; each individual drop of sweat on our struggling bodies, the ridges on Ken's fingertips pressing against my skin, each vein on his penis, the dancing air molecules around us . . . Ken had shifted his position so his shaft was vigorously rubbing my clit, pushing me inexorably to an even more intense climax. His cock was throbbing now. I came as he released wave after wave of hot cum into my pussy. 

"Wow, that was great," I said dreamily as I came back to reality. Ken still held me pinned against the wall and his penis was still inside me, only slightly softened. He pressed his mouth against mine and we kissed for a long time.

"I suppose we'd better go," I finally said, glancing at my watch. Ken looked at me strangely, but didn't comment. He steadied me as I put the thong back on. It felt so clammy, I almost skipped it, but my skirt was really short and we were going to be out in public for a while. The tiny piece of cloth would be invisible to the people around us, but I still wanted to be covered after being fucked so vigorously in the busy airport. At least, it would keep the juices and cum in my pussy from dripping on the floor. 

"Do you really need to pee?" I asked as Ken stepped in front of the toilet.

"No, but my cock will be leaking cum for the next half hour if I don't."

"My thong is soaked, but I'm wearing it. You can be uncomfortable with me." 

"Okay, that's fair," Ken agreed. He kissed me again. I bent over to kiss his penis. It was gleaming with my pussy juices and his cum. I loved the taste. 

We got dressed and left the bathroom. I stopped Ken as he was heading for the exit. "Not that way. I want to stop off in the bar." We were running a few minutes late, but I didn't think that would be a problem. 

* * * * *

There were only a few customers in the bar. A tall attractive blonde woman in a flight attendant's uniform was sitting at the bar drinking bottled water. She smiled and stood up as we went in. "Hi Tawny," I said, moving to hug her. 

"You must be Ken," Tawny said, taking Ken's hand and squeezing it warmly. "Ginger's told me a lot about you in the emails we've been exchanging over the last couple of weeks."

"I'm so glad to meet you," Ken answered. I could already sense the heat building between him and Tawny, just like I'd hoped. "Do you have a layover in Austin?" he continued, putting a little extra stress on "lay." I remembered what Ken had said shortly after we'd met, "I'm a writer and we do it with words." I was so thrilled to be bringing him a special present from my trip. I'd changed flights so I could be on the same plane as Tawny.

"That's right," Tawny answered. "I fly out tomorrow morning. It's less than twenty-fours to flight time, so I can't drink, but Ginger promised me a steak dinner."

"We can certainly manage that," Ken answered. "Let's go." 

When we reached the car, I insisted on taking the back seat. "It's a little early for supper," Ken remarked as we were pulling out of the parking garage. "Want to go to the house for a while? It should be really nice on the patio and I just made some fresh lemonade."

"That sounds wonderful," Tawny answered, reaching over the console and giving Ken's thigh a quick squeeze. "I want to get out of this uniform anyway."

During the drive home, our small talk quickly evolved into a game of making double entendres. Tawny was as nasty as I'd hoped. My thong had dried out in the airport, but it was rapidly growing moist again. As soon as we'd parked in the garage, Tawny said, "Okay Ken, let it out."

"Let what out?" Ken asked innocently as he punched the button to lower the garage door.

"Your cock, of course," she answered. "It must hurt, being so hard and trapped in your pants."

Ken released his seat belt. A second later, I heard the sound of him pulling his zipper down. Tawny leaned over the console and put her face into his lap. 

I got out of the car, opened the driver's door and bent down to kiss Ken. He had a big smile on his face. Tawny was obviously an excellent cock sucker. I looked more closely. Ken is big enough that I have to make an effort to take his entire length. She was doing it without any difficulty. 

She finally lifted her face, leaving Ken's rod gleaming with pre-cum and saliva. "That was really tasty," she commented. "Now I know why you two were late meeting me in the bar."

"Let's go inside," Ken said, preparing to get out of the car. "We can play in comfort. I know Ginger wants some, too." 

Once in the house, Ken excused himself and went to the bathroom. Although I'd used the facilities on the plane a few minutes before landing, I'd normally have followed him. I love holding his dick and guiding the stream while he pees. That was also a way of avoiding being alone with another woman. My time with Darlene had changed me. I couldn't wait to get my hands on Tawny. 

"What a beautiful room," Tawny said as I led her into the great room we'd added to the back of the house. Two of the walls were mostly windows, practically making it an air conditioned patio. 

"What a beautiful woman," I countered, pulling Tawny close and kissing her full on the lips. She was my height, but her breasts and buttocks were fuller and her hips were wider than mine. Tawny wrapped her arms around my back and held me tightly, pressing our breasts together. My nipples were already tight. Hers felt curiously hard and flat. 

"You've seen Ken's dick and tasted the juices from our 'welcome home' fuck," I purred as I opened her dark blue uniform jacket, unfastened her necktie and began undoing the buttons on her white blouse. "Now, I'm going to see and taste your tits." I got a surprise when I pulled Tawny's blouse open. She wasn't wearing a bra and her swollen nipples were surrounded by metal flowers. I bent down to examine them more closely. The "flowers" were thin gold wire, bent into petals stretching across her broad areolas. For a second I thought she was pierced, then I realized the decorations were simply held in place by pressure.

Tawny gasped with pleasure as I experimentally flicked my tongue across a nipple. "Oh yeah," she whispered, gripping the back of my head and pulling my mouth against her breast. "I don't usually wear tit jewelry while flying. It's too distracting. But I wanted to be all horny for you."

I lost myself in her big firm breasts and amazing swollen nipples. The feel of metal against my sucking lips was strangely exciting. Tawny was stroking my hair. Her heartbeat was growing more rapid and she was breathing harder. It was startling when Ken asked, "May I cut in?"

Somewhere in the back of my mind, I had been wondering when Ken would show up. He'd been watching for several minutes, but Tawny and I had been too focused on each other to notice. I reluctantly moved aside and he pressed his face against her chest. 

I quickly stripped down to nylons and pumps, then removed Tawny's jacket, blouse and skirt, leaving her dressed in light gray stockings, shiny black shoes and frilly black translucent panties. I was already hot and the sight of Ken worshiping Tawny's beautiful breasts was really setting me off. My juices were already starting to run down my inner thighs. I dipped a finger into my steaming cunt and rubbed it against Tawny's lip. She took it into her mouth and sucked greedily. 

Ken dropped to his knees, pulled Tawny's panties to one side and pressed his face against her crotch. I moved behind her and began rubbing my breasts against her bare back and playing with her tits, occasionally pausing to feed her another pussy-juice dipped finger. Her eyes were closed and she was gasping for breath. I steadied her as she began cumming in the middle of the floor. 

After she finished, Ken stood up. His face was gleaming with her juices. When I was sure Tawny could stand on her own, I moved to him and began kissing and licking his face. Her taste was wonderful. I could hardly wait to sample it more directly. 

* * * * *

"Come on," I said. "Let's go up to the bedroom." Ken picked up Tawny's suitcase and carried it upstairs. I whipped the quilt off the bed and opened the curtains, flooding the room with bright afternoon sunlight, while Ken undressed. 

"Such a beautiful cock," Tawny murmured, wrapping one hand around his mammoth erection and caressing his balls with her other hand. 

"Just a minute, slut!" I snapped, slapping Tawny's ass, making a noise like a pistol shot. She spun around, staring at me in shock. "You don't touch him until you get out of those panties. I want your pussy . . . right now."

"Oh yeah?" she shot back, grinning widely. "You want 'em, you come and take 'em!"

"Winner gets the first fuck," Ken announced as he stepped out of the way. 

I pounced, knocking Tawny onto the bed and throwing myself on top of her. We wrestled for several minutes. I'm quite athletic, but she was every bit as strong and agile. By the time we'd finished, my nylons were torn and Tawny had lost one of her nipple decorations, leaving angry red scratches, although we didn't notice that until later. She was on her back. I'd shredded her panties, exposing her closely-trimmed blond pubic hair, and was on top with my face buried in her snatch. Her legs were wrapped around my waist. Ken was kneeling over her head and she was eagerly sucking his cock and balls. 

"Sorry, Tawny," Ken finally said, turning around and positioning himself behind me. "Ginger won, so she gets fucked first.

"No fair!" she protested.

"The judge's decision is final," Ken countered, sliding his cock into my slick pussy. "You can lick my balls while I fuck her."

I continued eating Tawny out while Ken drove his prick into my snatch. Her clit was swollen like a tiny cock. I was licking and sucking it vigorously, alternating that with thrusting my tongue into her vagina, licking her walls and lapping her sweet juices. She started quivering beneath me. She was going to . . . I clamped my lips around her clit, sucking as hard as possible as I jammed two fingers into her cunt . . . setting her off violently.

Ken had remained still with his cock deep inside me while Tawny was cumming. He whispered, "Time to trade places," when her orgasm had finally subsided. He lifted the dazed woman's legs so her ankles were resting on his shoulders and entered her while I moved up her body and lowered my crotch onto her face. She licked my clit and snatch while he fucked her until she came again. I was already close to climax when Ken thrust his tongue into my asshole, pushing me over the edge.

"I'm tired of doing all the work," Ken announced, pulling out of Tawny's pussy and lying on his back. After the way he'd eaten my ass, I couldn't wait to get his cock back inside me, in a very special place. 

Tawny watched wide-eyed as I lubricated Ken's stiff pole and positioned my tight little rosebud. "Yeah babe," she growled, "take that big dick up your asshole." A moment later, I'd done just that. I love getting butt-fucked. It's so exciting feeling a man in that forbidden region. Having Tawny there watching turned me on even more than usual. 

I closed my eyes and tightened my anal muscles, savoring the sensations of slowly sliding up and down on Ken's penis. I could sense Tawny's heat even before she put her hands on my breasts. When I opened my eyes again, I saw she was kneeling with Ken's head between her thighs. He was eating her out as I rode his pony. 

There was something strange about Tawny's tits. Lost in the dreamy sensation of having a woman feel me up while Ken fucked my ass, it took me a while to realize what it was. "Poor baby, you've lost one of your nipple toys," I finally said, reaching out to touch her. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize I hurt you."

"It's okay," she answered. "We were so carried away, I hardly noticed when it came off. Kiss it and make it better." Staying spiked on Ken, I bent forward and started kissing and sucking her injured nipple. It was already swollen, but it grew even more from my attention. Tawny eventually removed the decoration from her other breast, giving me full access to that nipple as well.

Already orgasmic, I could feel myself getting close. I stuck my middle finger up my snatch and began rubbing my clit with my thumb as I rocked harder and faster on Ken's cock. Tawny was pinching and twisting my nipples. My body was beginning to shake. I screamed as an awesome climax washed over me. When it had finally passed, Tawny caught me as I fell forward into her arms. She held me and kissed me tenderly while I recovered. 

"Now it's my turn," Tawny announced. "I want to get my ass fucked too, although I can't take it quite as quickly and easily as Ginger."

"Not a problem," Ken replied. "Bend over and we'll get you all relaxed." I got on my back. Tawny was on hands and knees over me. I began licking her pussy while Ken put his face between her buttocks. 

"Oh God!" Tawny squealed. "I've never had my cunt and ass eaten at the same time. I'm going to . . . " She screamed as she came, splashing my face with her juices. "That was really something," she said when she'd recovered from her sudden climax. "I've never . . ." her voice trailed off as she became aware of a new sensation. "Ken, did you slide a finger up my ass while I was cumming?"

"No, dear . . ." he answered, pausing for dramatic effect. "It's two fingers."

"It feels wonderful, the way you're working them in and out and twisting them." Tawny fell silent, surrendering herself to the sensations. "I'm ready," she announced several minutes later. "Give me your cock."

From my vantage point between Tawny's legs, I watched Ken press the head of his stiff prick against her rosebud. I slid a finger up her snatch as Ken pushed into her. She gasped from the combined sensations. "My head's all the way inside," he announced softly.

"Good," Tawny answered. "It feels fine. Just keep going slowly. You're so big and I'm so tight." She gasped with pleasure as Ken gradually worked his cock in and out of her asshole. I was gently finger-fucking her at the same time. "I feel your balls," she finally whispered. "Your cock's all the way up my ass." 

"You've got a hot tight asshole," Ken said. "It really feels good being inside you." He started out fucking her butt slowly and gently, but Tawny was soon screaming for more. It was really wild being under her, watching Ken's balls bouncing against her butt-cheeks as he thrust into her like a piston. He continued driving as she screamed and came. 

"Don't stop," she gasped dizzily. 

I was ramming two fingers into Tawny's snatch and was gripping Ken's balls with my other hand. "Shoot in her ass, Ken!" I screamed. She was starting to cum again as he began grunting and slamming his pelvis against her buttocks. I could feel his balls tighten and I knew he was flooding Tawny's butt with wave after wave of hot semen. 

It seemed as if Ken and Tawny's joint orgasm went on forever. Finally spent, she gently collapsed onto me. Ken pulled out and flopped onto his back beside us as I squirmed out from under Tawny's limp body. She was lying on her stomach, gasping for breath. I spent a long moment admiring her shapely buttocks with a thick line of cum running along one cheek.

Since we were all athletic, it only took a little while to recover. A few minutes later, we were standing in the bathroom, arm in arm with Ken in the middle, laughing at our reflection in the big mirror over the sinks. All of us looked thoroughly fucked; sticky with sweat, hair hopelessly tangled, wearing torn nylons and shredded panties, covered with cum and pussy juices.

"Ginger, you've got an amazing man," Tawny said, kissing Ken on the cheek. "It was so exciting feeling him shoot all that hot stuff up my butt."

"He always does that," I answered, kissing Ken's other cheek. "It's wonderful! I'd be so pregnant if I wasn't on birth control." 

"You two are such sluts," Ken said affectionately, reaching down to caress both our butts. "Let's get into the shower. It's fun playing bedroom games with dirty girls, but I like my women presentable when I take them out to eat."
