 Attending college in the south has many benefits, not the least of which are frequent road trips to the beach. A three-hour drive and the beach with all it has to offer is at your feet. It was me and five fraternity brothers looking for a little fun and sun, down on the gulf coast. We had decided that this particular trip would be sans girlfriends to allow for a little more adventure and a little less drama. We arrived Thursday afternoon around 2: PM and checked into our hotel. Typical college guys on a budget, we were jamming the room. After the fights to see who got the beds and who got the floor Steve, Allen, Scott and myself decided to see if we could find a place to rent jet skis. We figured on Thursday afternoon they may not be to busy so we might be able to cut a deal. John and Chris were too broke, so they decided to cruise the beach and check out the local talent.

After driving along the bay road for a while we spotted a sign and pulled off to check it out. There was a pontoon boat about twenty feet long pulled up on the sand of the bay shore and next to it were four SeaDoos. We got out and walked over to the pontoon boat and that is when she stood up from a lounge chair on the deck. This was the most perfect girl I had ever seen. She was the kind of beautiful that causes temporary paralysis of your brain. All we could do was just stand there and stared at her, perfect in every way. She looked to be about nineteen or twenty and was about 5'3" tall. Her hair was waist-length blonde with additional sun streaks throughout. Her eyes were so blue you could see them shining bright and clear from twenty feet away. She had perfect breast, not too big and not too small for her ninety-five-pound frame. They were firm and round with nipples that were poking at her bikini top just enough to see them through the thin material. Her ass was also firm with a perfect shape, and I mean perfect. She was tan to a golden bronze and she shined just a little from the suntan oil on her tight body. She finally broke the silence with a big smile and a "How you boys doing," southern draw hello. That was it for me, I was in love. Died and in heaven, this girl was just too hot to believe, and I was looking right at her.

Scott gathering his composure and was first to speak up and asked if she was renting the SeaDoos. She smiled and proceeded to give us all the details and cost. I pretended to listen but just stood next to her and breathed as deep as I could in order to smell her and not pass out at the same time. The guys gave her a sob story about not having enough money and she made us an offer. Because it was getting late, she would let us ride for half price if we would help her put the boats back on the trailer when we were through. We agreed whole heartily, and she said she would call her boyfriend and tell him he did not have to come down to the launch tonight to load boats. She told us her name was Ginger and with a bright smile collected our money. At this point I would have given her my car if she had asked, I was so taken by this blond goddess. In her deep southern draw, she gave us final instructions. We were to ride for a half hour and then she would take the pontoon boat across the bay to the boat launch where the trailer was parked. We were to follow on the SeaDoos and load them for her then she would bring us back across to our car on her pontoon boat.

Off we went on our wet adventure, but I just keep thinking about Ginger and her perfect tan body. It's hard to ride a SeaDoo with a stiff one in your trunks but I managed. Soon we saw Ginger driving the pontoon boat away from shore and we fell in behind her and played in the small wake made by the boat. Because we were now cursing at a slow speed, we gathered close enough together to talk to each other. From behind the pontoon boat you could see Ginger's perfect ass barely covered by her small bikini. She would shift from foot to foot causing her butt to swish side to side in the sexiest way. I think by now we were all sporting hard-ons causing us to laugh in embarrassment. Soon the talk became about how nice it would be to get a piece of her. The twenty minute cruise across the bay was filled with very graphic and detailed talk of what we would do with her sweet body if given the chance. When we reached the other side, we all jumped off our boats in the cool water to relieve the hard-ons. That could have been embarrassing but we got over it quick. The boats were loaded eastly onto a large trailer that held them all and Ginger pulled them out and parked her truck and locked it. We jumped on the pontoon boat and Ginger climbed onboard with a big smile and said, "Let's go for ride boys," in that sweet draw, making my cock hard again. I had to sit down and cover with a towel.

We motored away from shore and Ginger offered us a beer from the cooler on the front deck. "Great," I thought, that might help my hard-on go away. We drank and talked to Ginger as she drove. The sun was setting, and a red glow filled the sky to give everything a new tint. In this light Ginger's tan had turned so golden brown that she looked like a piece of art and not a real person.

About halfway across the bay, Ginger slowed the boat and then cut the engine. She Said she wanted a beer and to enjoy the sunset for a few minutes. We all agreed and said we could stay out here with her all night. She smiled and said in a very flirty tone, "that could be fun." She finished her beer and I got up to get another. She moved in front of Allen and reached out and rubbed his cock through his bathing suit. She smiled and said, "So you could fuck me all night, hum." That is when we all realized she could hear our conversation from the SeaDoos earlier. We all became embarrassed thinking of the lude things we said we wanted to do to her. 

Ginger must have liked what she was feeling because she kept rubbing Allen while Steve moved closer so she could feel him with her other hand. This was too much to wish for, the four of us fucking this perfect girl out here in the middle of the bay. Ginger stopped her rubbing and quickly pulled the strings on her bikini top and bottom letting them fall to the deck. This reveled her firm round tits, with nipples the size of erasers, sticking out and begging to be sucked. 

It was then I noticed she had no tan lines on her perfect ass and the thought of her sunbathing nude made my cock as hard as it has ever been. She was clean-shaven except for a small blond patch high above her cunt. The pink folds of her pussy showed signs of wetness as they parted slightly with her movements. All that dirty talk she overheard must have really turned her on.

Ginger gently dropped to her knees and pulled Allen's cock free and took it deep in her mouth. She started to groan loudly as she sucked about half his seven-inch cock into her mouth. Steve pulled his suit off and dove down toward her wet cunt. He positioned himself on his back and worked his head between her knees giving him access to her shining wet lips. Her moaning grew louder as he lapped her sweet nectar into his mouth. Scott and I dropped our suits and moved closer to Ginger to get in on the action. She licked and rubbed Allen's balls and again took him deep in her mouth. He soon let out a loud moan and shoved his cock to the back of her throat as he came. Ginger swallowed his load like it was a drug made to make her cum and she did, all over the tongue buried in her tight little cunt. 

Allen moved away and I stepped forward for my turn, but Ginger had other plans. She stood up, pulling her dripping cunt away from Steve's mouth. Grabbing the cooler, she put a folded towel over the top and then laid over it. She was now in a doggy position with her ass sticking up at the perfect position to fuck while her stomach rested on the cooler. Steve jumped in behind her and slid his cock into her tight cunt in one long slow stroke. Ginger moaned her approval and motioned for me to move around in front of her. I dropped to my knees and fed her my aching cock inch by inch. Her mouth was so warm and wet, and her tongue danced on the underside of my cock as she sucked. Steve pounded into her and each thrust shoved her deeper onto my cock. Soon I felt something I had never felt before, a soft pulsing rhythm from the back of her throat massaged the head of my cock as she slowly swallowed more of it down. Now I am no huge stud, but I have never had my whole eight-inch cock deep throated before. The sensation made me dizzy and I felt the orgasm building fast in my balls. Steve pumped hard and her lips pressed into my pubic bone between withdraws for air. Then as she took my cock deep in her throat her tongue come out of her mouth and licked across my balls. That was it! I came like never before while buried deep in that hot throat. Steve came deep in her cunt just as I pulled out of her mouth. 

Scott was up next, it was then that I noticed he was huge, at least eleven inches long and thick. His cock looked like two beer cans stacked together. When he knelt in front of her, Ginger quietly said "Oh my god" as she wrapped both her hands around his cock. Then she said a little louder and with more enthusiasm, "Fuck my throat with your fat dick." Scott needed no more encouragement as he shoved his cock in her mouth. Her lips stretched wide to accommodate his girth. By now Allen was hard again and took a turn at her pussy. He fucked her with a slow pace as she tried to get all of Scott's cock in her throat. This scene was just too fucking hot and both Steve and I were hard as rocks again in record time.

After about ten minutes of this double ended spit roasting fuck Ginger pulled Scott from her mouth and said she wanted to feel him inside her. He laid down on his back and she mounted him from above. The three of us watched as Scott's cock slowly disappeared in her tight little cunt. She was stretched to the limits and it took a few easy down strokes for her cunt to open and take all of his massive cock. After she had gotten into a rhythm, Steve moved around to her face. He knelt astride Scott's head and shoved deep into Ginger's throat. She soon was licking his balls between thrust like she had done to me earlier. The look of total wanton lust was reflecting from her blue eyes as she climaxed on the cock stretching her so wide.

Watching her shapely ass go up and down on that fat cock was too much for me so I decided I had to get inside her again. Fumbling around and soon found a bottle of suntan oil on the front deck. I lubed my cock with a heavy coat of coconut oil. I eased down behind her and straddled Scott's legs. Kneeling I had a perfect angle at her tight ass. When I reached forward and probed her ass with my oiled finger, she jumped a little and started to pull away. Scott knowing what I was up to grabbed her waist and held her firmly on his cock making her give out a deep long moan that must have reverberated around Steve's cock buried in her throat. I moved forward and placed the head of my cock on the rim of her ass and pushed forward a little. She moaned even louder and twisted her head to try and free her mouth from Steve's pounding thrust. He held the back of her head firmly and would not let her protest what was about to happen. Scott held her tight keeping his full length lodged deep in her cunt. Just then the head of my cock popped past her tight outer ring and moved in just an inch or two. The velvet smooth feel was amplified a hundred times by the incredible tight grip of her ass. We all froze in place and waited for her to relax a little more. Ginger whimpered around Steve's cock while Scott held her planted down on his oversized tool. I could feel her ass spasm around my cock as she came with a loud grown. The tight outer ring of her ass was gripping and releasing the head of my cock like a milking machine. The sensation was incredible. A few seconds passed and she started to push back on my cock to get more into her ass. Well, this was enough of an invitation for me and I slowly slid deep into her ass. The tight feeling was fantastic, and I could feel Scott's huge tool start to move in and out beneath me.

We pumped away for a good ten minutes stopping several times to enjoy the sensations created by Gingers contracting ass each time she came. Finally, with my head swimming from the pure pleasure I could not hold back any longer and came deep in her ass. I slowly withdrew as Steve came again in her throat. We both pulled away totally spent and as satisfied as I have ever been. Scott pulled Ginger off and stood up with his cock still hard and wet from this sex goddess's pussy. He quickly pulled her back to the cooler and bent her over it as she moaned, "Oh Yes, do me from behind." The lust in Gingers voice had not waned since her initial sexual request of the evening. Allen still hard from losing his place to Steve knelt in front of Ginger and fed her his cock. She sucked it down like she had not tasted cock in years. Scott grabbed the suntan oil and smiled at Steve and me as he greased up his huge tool. I thought that if he tried to get that monster in her ass it would tear her in two. Well, he knelt behind her and she let out a low soft moan around Allen's meat. The moan turned to a sharp grunt as Scott's cock pressed against the small outer ring of her sexy ass. Ginger froze in place. She pushed against Allen's hips forcing his cock out of her mouth. She screamed "OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!" over and over as her ass slowly opened to the monster invader. Scott pushed steadily forward and inch by inch he disappeared deep in her ass. When his nuts pressed against her cunt Steve and I looked at each other in total disbelief and then started to cheer them on. 

Scott pumped with a slow steady rhythm, pulling almost all the way out before sinking all eleven inches up her tight ass. Ginger let out a loud grunt with each down stroke. She had opened her mouth and resumed sucking Allen with gusto. This went on for several minutes and Allen finally succumb to her charms and filled Ginger's mouth with cum. As he pulled away Scott let out a grown and we all knew he was at the brink. Suddenly he pulled out of Ginger's tight ass and moved quickly around to her face. With one thrust he plunged halfway down her throat and started to cum. He held her head as he pumped a huge load into her throat. Ginger tried to swallow but cum was gushing out of both sides of her mouth and down her chin. When he had finished pumping his ridiculous load into her he pulled way to give her a chance to breath. Ginger gasp for air but scooped up the cum on her chin and face and pushed it into her mouth with her slender fingers. This girl was a living breathing sex fantasy.

We all sat around with Ginger; naked and satisfied, helping her clean up and try to recover. She was a little shaky at first but soon regained her composure. After a beer she told us that she had never been fucked in the ass but that she came so many times she lost count. A few more beers and some playful groping and we decided it was time to head into shore. Ginger dressed and took us back to the spot where we were parked. I didn't want to part ways with this walking wet dream so I told her where we were staying, gave her our room number and asked her to come by and see us if she could. She just smiled and said, "We'll see."

When we got back to the hotel John and Chris were still on the beach doing their best with two girls they had met at the beach bar. We went back to the room to clean up and when the other two came up we told them all about Ginger and our boat ride. John and Chris both accused us all of being drunk and full of shit. They, on the other hand, were meeting their newfound girl friends at the bar so off they went to shower and change. The four of us had no desire to go out bar hopping for girls because we were still reveling in the glory of our encounter with a sex goddess.

By Ten PM we had settled into watching a West Coast football game on TV and relaxing with a few beers when a knock came from the door. It was Ginger and her boyfriend. She introduced us to him as Bill and asked if they could party with us for a while. Of course, we agreed and they came in well prepared with Tequila and limes. It was a little uncomfortable with Bill at first as we all were thinking about the fucking we had given his girlfriend earlier that day. Ginger did not make it any easier with her tight white sundress cut up to her ass and with nothing on underneath, you could see her nipples just begging to be sucked.

After a lot of small talk and a few Tequila shots Ginger finally said she had told Bill all about our sunset boat ride and that he was jealous that he was not there to join in. Bill smiled and asked if we could do it again so he could join in. Well, I don't think you could have gotten four guys to say, "Hell Yea!" in that kind of harmony if you practiced it.

Bill walked over to Ginger and kissed her deeply then in one smooth motion pulled her dress over her head. Our perfect sex kitten was back for round two and we could not believe our luck.

Ginger lay across the bed and spread her legs wide. This was my first good look at her pussy and it was so small and sweat. I smiled at Bill, gave him a knowing nod and dove in for the treat of my life. She tasted so good and she was already flowing juice like nectar. I decided right then that I would eat her all night long and everyone else would have to wait till morning for their turn. 

Everyone in the room quickly striped and gathered around Ginger. I could hear her sucking on someone's cock as I licked her clit with gusto. Soon she was moaning and bucking against my face pushing her clit against my tongue hard in an effort to cum in my mouth. I decided it was time for me to get undressed because my cock was becoming painful in its restraints'. When I stood up I saw Ginger was sucking one cock and had one in each hand. Her tits were being vigorously sucked as well. Bill stole my place and slid his rock-hard cock into her love hole. 

I was down to my underwear when the door opened and in walked John and Chris with the two girls from the beach. There was a long pause at the door as the two girls slowly entered the room. John asked if it was OK for them to be there and Bill spoke up and said, "sure the more the better." The two new girls stood back by the bathroom door and watched intently as Ginger sucked on Scott's big cock while Bill pounded her cunt at a fever pace. I proceeded to tell John and Chris that this was Ginger the girl from the pontoon boat and they just stared in disbelief.

The two new girls were whispering to each other and staying close to their dates as they watched. Soon Ginger receives her first two loads of cum of the night. Scott and Bill moved away, and I was ready to join in when Ginger pushed everyone back and sat up. She saw the new people for the first time and smiled at them. She then pulled Allen onto the bed and mounted him from above. Steve moved around to her face and fed her his hard cock strait down her throat. Not wanting to be left out I saw my favorite hole winking at me as Ginger pumped up and down. I figured the suntan lotion had worked before, so I grabbed some from my bag and lubed up. When I mounted the bed and moved over to Ginger's ass she started to moan loudly. She released Steve's cock and grunted, "Fuck my ass, God yes, Fuck me!" Not being one to make a lady beg I drove right in and started to pound her good. 

The girls with John and Chris were squirming and whispering to each other and finally Chris's girl turned and left the room. John's girl said this was too much to take and with that dropped to her knees and pulled out John's cock and sucked it down. She reached up and grabbed Chris by the bulge in his pants and pulled him close. He quickly pulled out his cock and she alternated between the two of them.
