 If you're underage or offended by erotic literature, don't read any further. In fact if either of those describes you-get off this website. 

This work is not available for copy or distribution without permission from the author. 

The original posting of this title had the wrong story attached-thanks for letting me know. Here is the correct story of Girl Toys-I hope you enjoy it.

Girl Toys

The Arrival

"The white loading zone is for departures and arrivals only. There's a ten-minute parking limit. Please move to the parking area on the lower level of the structure if you need more than ten minutes time. The white loading zone is for...."

Again and again it repeated like a nagging mother chastising an errant child. It didn't make any sense to me. Did they think I might forget in the next sixty seconds? That's okay it'll play again in two minutes.

At least I could rolled the window up and muffle the sound. The dark glass slid up almost silently and closed me off in the plush back seat of my car. I caught my driver's eye in the mirror and said, "She should be here any minute now." 

Charlie opened the car door and stepped out saying, "I'll go collect her and have her here straight away sir."

I loved her accent and the British expressions that she'd never grown out of. I smiled and said, "That's a good girl, Charlie."

It was a beautiful day, warm and sunny. This is one of the busiest airports in the country but Charlie would find her. Charlie knew who to look for from the pictures she'd sent me over the net. Unlike me Charlie had only seen her face. I'd seen her lying there in that tiny black lace bra with its matching black lace thong. That was the first picture she'd sent me. Her long, lean body stretched out on a wooden bench with a velvet seat cushion with wisps of black lace highlighting her beautiful body. Delectable breasts swelled as she lay there with her arm bent to support her head. Long, lean legs stretching all the way from her slim little toes to the V of your thighs.

If she followed my instructions, she'd be wearing the same black lace today. My last email had been specific. I want her dressed in that black lace with a long coat belted (not buttoned) around her waist. She could add stockings and heels, but I want to see her as she was in the photo, barefoot in black lace. I want her able to kick her shoes off as soon as possible.

Since she left home this morning, she'd refused four offers from people wanting to take her coat. Each time was a reminder of how exposed and naughty and sexy she is. The flight attendant in first class had asked twice and only quit when she leaned forward and flashed the little black lace bra without realizing it. I suggested adding a pair of large, dark sunglasses. They would give the illusion that she was hidden and that people didn't know she was dressed (or undressed) for me. They would also let her discretely watch others to see their reaction. The small carry on bag gave her the reassurance that if she couldn't take it anymore, she could step into the lavatory and slip something on.

When she first left her apartment, her steps were short and she almost tiptoed her way along, she was so self-conscious. Surely everyone must know-surely everyone must be able to see what she was (or wasn't) wearing. But no one seemed to notice, at least no more than usual. A woman like her always drew attention from men and women alike. Women's gazes of appraisal and envy were just as common as the lustful stares of men. Eyes were always following those long legs and sweet ass when she passed. Today was no different today than any other day, she just felt different. 

I told her that my driver would know her face and vice versa. Besides, I can't stand those ridiculous signs being waved around. Charlie spotted her as she approached. As always, she walked with grace and style, striding through the crowd without a backward glance. She ignored the heads that turned her way as she passed like a boat ignores the wakes it makes cutting through the water. 

"May I take your bag, Ma'am?" Charlie asked.

"Of course, Charlie. Thank you."

"Let me show you to the car, Ma'am."

"Charlie, please call me Jackie. I don't think I can take the 'Ma'am' all weekend."

"Yes Ma'am," Charlie said, smiling from ear to ear. "Jackie it is, then."

Laughing, you follow Charlie through the airport doors. "That'll be great. Besides you don't always call him 'Sir' do you?"

With a quick glance over her shoulder she looked at you intensely and said, "We ALWAYS call him 'Sir', Jackie. We all do it-always. And I should tell you, Jackie. You should get used to hearing and saying 'Ma'am' because staff and guests are all expected to address each other that way unless given permission otherwise."

They were both quiet the rest of the way to the car. Charlie thought it might have been because this new girl was afraid. She didn't know it was because Jackie was so aroused that she was afraid her voice might quiver. 

Setting the bag down by the car, Charlie pulled a long, black lace blindfold from her pocket. "This is for you." 

"Oh, yes, he told me to expect this." She pulled off her glasses and stuffed them in her coat pocket.

"Jackie, before you get in there's something I have to ask you. You know this is your last chance to walk away? After you get in the car, you'll be playing by his rules-following his instructions. If you don't think you can handle that, say so now and I'll take care of everything for you. It's not a problem." 

"What would you do if you were me, Charlie?"

"I'm not you, Jackie. You have to make this decision for yourself. I've never been where you are right now. He and I don't have that kind of relationship. He's my boss.

"He said you were told what to expect this weekend, but I'm to make sure. If you get in the car with him, from now until your flight home Sunday night you'll be his-his property-his plaything-his toy. I'm not saying that's good or bad, that's just the way it is. I can promise you that he's not cruel or abusive. I've worked for him for quite a while and I've never seen him harm a living soul. But you don't know him, so if you want to walk away it's understandable. 

"There's no 'safe word' and after this there's no backing out. I'm to give you a chance to walk away. There's money for a fun weekend and a ticket home. Do you want to take it and walk away or put this on and get in?" 

She smiled as she tilted her head to tie the blindfold behind her head. She remembered to slip it over her ears and under her hair so I could enjoy the way her long, thick hair hung down in back.

As she did Charlie opened the car door and said, "I'll put your coat in the back with your bag, Jackie." The cool air rushed out of the car as Charlie put her hand of the small of her back and eased Jackie up to the open door. 

With a sigh she stood straight and tall, untying the belt that was protecting her modesty. Positioned as the two of them were, Charlie blocked any view of her. But she had no way of knowing that. With practiced coordination, Charlie deftly stepped aside and took Jackie's coat, holding it up as she eased into the car. The coat and blacked out door formed a temporary screen. Only the quickest eye or sharpest observer could get even the slightest glimpse of her body, but that wasn't the point. The point was not to show off, but to see if she was willing to follow directions.

Sitting on the far end of the seat, I watched as she slid into the car. Timid at first, she quickly regained your composure and sat back against the soft, leather seat. 

"Hello. Why don't you kick off your shoes and lay down over here?" I asked taking her hand and pulling her to the seat facing me. She slid her hands down the single velvet cushion as she slipped her heels off and stretched out in the same position as in that first photo. "That's the way. That's how I want you. Isn't that comfy?"

"Yes, Sir," she answered timidly. 

"That's a good girl."

"Thank you" she replied. Then quickly added, "Thank you, Sir."

After little chuckle he said, "Before we begin our weekend, we need to talk, don't we?"

"Yes, Sir. If you want to, Sir."

"You need to understand this is your last chance to change your mind. If you decide you don't want to go on, you'll be taken to a hotel, given a suite and an account to buy whatever you might need to be comfortable for the next two days before you fly home. No one will bother you. No one will contact you any further. You'll be free to enjoy the city and be given it all with nothing required of you. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Sir. But I want...."

Forcefully he said, "Wait until I explain the rest."

"Yes, Sir."

"If you decide to go on, you are mine. You are my little personal girl-toy to play with as I see fit. You will wear what you're told to, do what I tell you to do, and will do so without any question or hesitation. You won't be able to leave until I give you permission to go and you'll be available to me for as long as you're here. Do you understand?"

She nodded her head. 

"I want to hear you say it."

"Yes, Sir, I understand," she said meekly.

"Good girl." A tiny shudder passed through her as she complimented her. "You don't have any attachments or obligations that keep you from being free to make this choice, do you?"

Hesitating, she answered, "No, Sir."

"You hesitated. Is there something you're not telling me that I should know?"

"No, Sir. I'm sorry...I had to think about what that meant."

His laugh made her relax. "You're not married, engaged, or involved with someone who'd object to you being with me for the weekend are you?"

"No, Sir."

"Good girl." 

Every time he said that she got the tiniest bit more excited than before. She realized how much his approval meant to her. She wanted to be a good girl for him.

"Very good. Let's have some fun." Reaching past her, he rapped lightly on the glass behind her head and said, "Let's go." 

Girl Toy The Ride From The Airport

It wasn't until the car began to roll that she realized it had been sitting sill. It was so quiet inside that she was oblivious to the street around them. From what she saw as she walked up, she knew the windows were too dark for anyone outside to see in and now she assumed it was sound proofed as well. The heavy car seemed to glide along, with no feeling of being in motion. It was as though she was sitting alone in a quiet, dark room. 

After a few moments, fingertips lightly brushed against her face. They pushed her hair back over her shoulders, slid down her neck, shoulders and arms. Her skin tightened as though little electric charges were left behind to dance over her exposed flesh. The touch was so light it was like a feather was stroking her body as the hands slipped back up to her throat, then down to caress her breasts. 

Her nipples hardened under the lace. She struggled to stay still as the hands wrapped around her mounds, lifting them, feeling their weight and firmness. Her nipples ached to be touched, kissed, licked, pinched, or sucked. But all she got was a single touch that left her wanting more. After caressing the soft skin of her legs, she felt the hands begin to push her thighs gently apart. 

She lay back in her seat as her legs were spread. The lace of her g-string was soaked and she could feel it sliding between her damp, bare lips to tease her clit. A hand on her chest pushed her back into the seat, tilting her hips to lift her pelvis up and leave her feeling even more open and vulnerable. Warm breath on her thighs gave her a spit second of titillation before the wet tongue slid over the lace of her tiny panties to taste her. A gasp escaped her mouth before she could stop it and her hands balled into fists at her sides. 

The soft, wet tongue lapped up from her lips to the top of her mound, tasting her, teasing her until she wanted to squirm in her seat. Instinctively her hands rose to pull the mouth tighter against her, but they were held back until she relaxed and sat back to let the sensations envelope her. The mouth moved back and she heard, "Do you know who's in charge?"

"Yes, Sir. You are."

She almost came when she heard him say, "Good girl."

The twinkling of an eye to its delicate task, then slid under the lace to lick her harder and slither between the lips of her dripping slit. All she could think about was the intense sensations shooting through her as she was tongue fucked in the dark. It went on and on. Every time she'd get close to coming, the rhythm or pattern of the oral assault would change and she'd be left on the precipice of her orgasm, unable to have what she craved so deeply. Her hands were guided to her chest and she cupped her breasts in her hands. She teased her nipples above the lace of her half-cup bra. Running her hands over her chest, she let her nipples pop up between her fingers only to be pushed back down again by the next digit as her hands rose and moved over the heaving mounds. Sticking her fingers in her mouth, she got them wet and began to roll her nipples between her finger and thumb, making them harder and harder, longer and longer as she did. 

Just as she began to shudder and get ready to come she heard him say, "She's tastes very good, doesn't she?"

Before she could respond she heard a small feminine voice from between her legs say, "Yes, Sir, she does." With the realization that it was another girl eating her pussy, she moaned loudly, about to come. 

"You're not going to come without asking permission are you?" She heard him say.

"Ohhhh." She cried out. "Oh, please let me come."

"Were you going to come without asking permission?", she heard again.

"Yes-I mean no, Sir. No, Sir. May I please come? Please? Please?" she begged as the girl's tongue increased its assault on her clit. 

"Well, since you asked so politely, you may. Come for me right now." 

She wondered if the driver or the people on the street could hear her screams as she thrust her pussy hard against the unknown girl's face and flooded the invisible mouth that had been tormenting her for so long with her come. 

She shuddered with one last spasm as she heard him say "Good girl" before she passed out. Her last conscious thought was 'This is just the ride from the airport.' Girl Toy Sam Takes Care Of Jackie

Lips. Lips were all she felt. There where lips brushing softly against her neck, then her face, and mouth. They tasted sweet. They were wet and soft. She couldn't see and tried to get a hold of whatever was over her eyes but her hands were being held back. Slowly her thoughts cleared. She was in a soft bed with her eyes blindfolded, her hands held down with soft lips kissing her mouth. Slowly her senses and memories started to comprehend the reality of her situation. 

"Mmmm," she moaned as she woke. 

"Welcome to your new world," she heard a sweet feminine voice say.

"Thank you," she replied.

After a hard twist of her nipple she heard, "Thank you, what?"

"Thank you, Ma'am."

"Good girl. That's a good girl," the sweetness returning to the voice. "We're not allowed to speak unless we're spoken to or we're alone. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Good girl. Let me fill you in a little on where you are and what's going on. Since our host is busy we get to rest for a bit. It seems like you needed it. He was concerned about you when you passed out on the way here. Either I'm better at eating pussy than I thought, or you're not as strong as he thought you'd be. Do you have any idea why you passed out?"

"Well, it was intense, and I didn't eat anything since early yesterday. I was just too excited. I was so nervous about this weekend I didn't think about it. That wasn't quite the reception I expected and I guess I was weaker than I thought. I'm very sorry if I caused any concern, Ma'am."

"Hmmm, okay. But will have to find a way for you to make it up to both of us later. First, let me get you some fruit to eat while I tell you about myself. My name is Sam. I know your name is Jackie. I've been here twice before, so I've picked up a few things that might help you. All the girls have guy's names. I've met a Jo, a Stevie, a Chris and a Billie. We're not supposed to be friends outside of our time here. We're not supposed to share any personal information that would help us make contact with each other. At first I thought our host might be bi or gay, but then I figured out that he likes nicknames girls use when they're in that tomboy stage. I'm not saying my name is Sam, it's just the name he calls me while I'm here.

"Anyway, you have to wear your blindfold the whole time you're here except for some specific situations. When you're alone in your room, when you're swimming (which you'll do alone), and when you're given permission to take it off are the only times when you can be without it. Since you have yours on, you probably don't know that I've got mine on too. I haven't seen your face just like you haven't seen mine. That's the way it works. I've only known of one girl who didn't wear a blindfold and I don't know she didn't." 

Jackie asked, "Was she blind?"

Sam had to think about that for a second. "That never occurred to me. Maybe she didn't need a blindfold because she was blind! Wow. That makes sense. You're pretty smart, Kid. I've wondered about her a lot."

"That may not have been the reason, but it fits," Jackie said. 

"Well, let me tell you whatever the reason, she was fun. She was here the first time I came. It was for a weekend like now. The second time I spent a week here and almost didn't leave. This time I'm back for a long weekend. I got here an hour before you did and I'll be here for a day after you're gone."

Jackie asked, "Why makes you want to come back?

"Are you kidding? The fun of it, the sex, giving up control, and the SEX! What do you think? Come on, didn't you have fun on the way here even before you got in the car? There you are walking along almost naked in the middle of this crowd. Wasn't it the hottest thing you've ever done?"

"Yeah..."

"Well, it was for me too. The thought of all those people looking at me leaves my pussy soaked. The whole trip I see people out of the corner of my eye, checking me out. I love it every time. I've even done it at home a few times now. I think it's hot. Don't you?"

Jackie shuddered as her pussy moistened, "Yeah. I know what you mean. I'd never done anything like that before but I liked it too. I mean, I'm used to people checking me out...it happens, you know. But this was different. This time when people looked at me I kept wondering if they knew what I was doing? Do they know I'm on my way to a new city so a stranger can to make me his personal toy? Do they know that I'm a sex toy, that he'll treat me as his property-and that's what I want?" Her hands stroked her body as she spoke, exciting her again as she relived the experience. 

"Hmmm. I know, baby, I know." 

The two girls just lay together for a few moments getting caught up in the excitement they shared. Sam ran her hand along Jackie's flat bare stomach, down to slip between her legs. Jackie automatically spread her legs wider, encouraging Sam. Once, twice, three times Sam drug her fingertips along Jackie's outer lips, then she shoved two fingers deep into the panting girl's hot wet core. As she thrust them in and out the palm of her hand rubbed up and down Jackie's clit making her moan louder and louder. After a minute of this, Sam pulled her fingers out and stuck one in Jackie's mouth. "Tasty, huh?" she said. Then she took the other finger and slurped loudly as she sucked it clean. 

Before Jackie could catch her breath, Sam rolled over and slipped a stocking-clad leg in between her legs and rubbed her smooth upper thigh and the lace from her stocking top against Jackie's engorged sex. The gasp that flew from Jackie's mouth left her open for Sam to assault her with soft, wet kisses. The two began to grope each other urgently and grind their pussies against the other's thigh, quickly reaching the climax they both craved. Lips, tits, hands, cunts, were all they could think about. A montage of people's faces they'd seen in the airport or on the sidewalk earlier flashed in each girl's mind as she made love to her unseen partner. 
