 I have told my girlfriend many times how hot I think it would be for us to go out and find a stranger to fuck her and then tell me about it right after she does it while we start to get busy with each other. She is Hispanic and in her early 40's but, just starting to come into her sexual prime.

We decided that the guy can't be someone either one of us knows. Also it will only be a one-time thing.

For her to let another man fuck her, the main reason for doing it has to be because, she knows it will excite me and she wants to do it for me. If she wants to do it for her own reasons and doesn't care if I am into it or not.... Its over and its only a matter of time before she is gone. 

Back to the present.... We had gone over all the scenarios and rules for each of us and decided the best place for us to go to find a guy for a one-time fling where I would be able to be close by but not actually be with her while she gets fucked would be at an adult movie theater or arcade. 

The night we decided to go through with it came and she seemed nervous but, eager as well while she got ready. I think she looks sexy even at her worst but, she got herself looking so incredible that I wanted to scrap the plans and keep her to myself. She came out of the bathroom looking like a Goddess! She had on a simple pull over top that was a bit sheer and gave a nice glimpse of her firm "B" sized tits with absolutely amazing nipples that she loves to have sucked. She had on a mini skirt that could easily be pulled up and over her ass to her waist and a pair of lacy black panties that barely covered her pussy and held together with only a string. Easy access to that place every man dreams of getting their cocks into. The only other things she had on were a pair of seriously sexy, 5" spiked strappy heels.

Her make up was done up to where she would easily get the attention of about any guy who sees her. 

Tonight we were going to try something neither of us had done before and both of us were ready to put our wild thoughts into action.

The plan was for us to go to a video store that has a theater and private rooms as well. One of the issues I tend to have is I am very picky about what type of guy I am okay with her fucking. Rather than having to rely on me picking out who she can fuck, this time it will be all up to her. We will go into the theater together and play with each other to draw plenty of attention to her. When the first guy approaches her... I will tell her to have fun and that I will be in the first private booth by the theater door, waiting for her to come in and tell me all about what fun she just had. 

She knew that I wanted her to have a good time and then get back to me in the booth as soon as she could. She picked up her purse and came over to give me a light hug and a quick kiss before we left and I noticed how incredible she smelled with her perfume and there was not a single part of her that didn't look sexy as hell. She whispered in my ear, "Thank you for this. I hope it does for us all that we fantasized about and most of all I can't wait to get back and tell you about it and see how excited you get." I said to her, "Is that all?"

She smiled and replied, "You know that I can't wait to show you the creampie and I am going to love having you go down and lick my pussy and then suck all that hot, fresh cum out of me and kiss me to give it to me to swallow. Are you sure you will be able to lick my pussy when it has someone else's cum dripping from it?" I just smiled and told her we need to leave to go find out.

We turned and walked out the door just after 7PM.

We got to the theater and I knew she would have no problem finding hard cocks to fill her pussy as I counted at least 20 guys there if not more.

We did as planned and we played with each other in the next to last row of seats. It didn't take but a few minutes for a couple of guys to come over and stand close by while they watched me pull her top off and I played with her awesome tits from behind her and gave anyone nearby a great look at her tits and nipples. I kissed her neck and whispered in her ear, "You ready? You sure you are going to be ok with me not here?" She moaned yes.

I asked, "You want to get one of their cocks in your mouth to suck?" She moaned an enthusiastic yes and I continued with "Be sure you get at least one to cum in your mouth and I want you to swallow all of the cum.... Ok?" She was really starting to get into it and I knew she wanted to start. I finally said to her... "Ok babe, you have 20 minutes to suck and fuck and be a slut. After 20 minutes, I will come and get you to take you into the booth where I want you to play Show-N-Tell with me. Ok?" She said she can't wait and before I could step back, she reached over the seat behind her and took hold of a cock that the guy was stroking while he was watching us. 

I walked to the doors to go into the booth and turned around as I went thru the doors and saw her bent over with the same cock all the way in her mouth and into the top of her throat as her nose was touching his abdomen. She had another cock in one of her hands and there was a guy next to her playing with her nipples as he stroked his dick at the same time. God she looked SO sexy and I thought about staying in the theater so I could watch but, it would take away from the thrill we talked about so, I stepped out the doors and into the booth where I waited 20 minutes.

I lightly stroked my own cock while I flipped thru the channels of porn on the screen in the booth and several times I swear I heard my baby screaming out while she was cumming in the next room. This was going to be great and finally 20 minutes had passed. I went back into the theater to get her but, she was not where she had been when I left 20 minutes before. I looked around and didn't see her but, right then I heard her yelling out as she does when she is cumming. I looked over towards the back wall on the right and saw her laying flat on her back with her legs sticking straight up in the air as a guy with a big dick was pounding into her pussy hard and fast. 

There was a guy on each side of her with their cocks being jerked off in her hands and one was kneeling by her head and jerking his cock close to her mouth. Wow! She was taking on 4 guys at the same time and I could tell by the look on her face and seeing cum on her face and tits that she was having the time of her life! I walked over to her and she opened her eyes when I said how sexy she looked getting fucked right then. She rolled her eyes closed again and started screaming out that she was cumming again. At the same time the guy fucking her told her he was going to fill her pussy with his cum and he slammed into her hard a few more times before he started to pump all his cum into her sweet, wet pussy.

When he pulled his cock out of her gorgeous pink pussy, I held out my hand and took her hand to pull her up to her feet but, the guy kneeling by her head quickly said to hold on and she turned her head towards his cock that he was pounding and opened her mouth as his cock started to shoot wave after wave of cum into her mouth until the last drop fell from the tip of his cock and onto her tongue. She opened her eyes and looked directly at me as she slowly licked around her lips and closed her mouth and smiled as she let all the cum in her mouth slide down her throat and into her stomach as she swallowed. Seeing that was beyond hot and I couldn't wait any longer as I pulled her to her feet and towards the doors. One of the guys handed her top to her as she stumbled out of the theater with her skirt bunched up around her waist and her panties nowhere to be seen.

I got naked right after closing the door to the booth and she dropped onto the couch with her ass on the edge and her legs closed together in front of her. Her make up had been smeared around and mostly off as her face was mostly wet from the cum that had been shot on her face with a few globs visible in her hair as well. 

She looked so incredibly smokin' hot laying back on the couch and I asked her if she got all that she had wanted? She looked up at me with a grin and said, "Almost" and then looked down to her pussy as she spread her legs apart. I dropped down to my knees in front of her and took in the most sexy sight my eyes had ever seen.... Her pussy lips were wet and puffed out from having been fucked and in the center of that pretty pussy was the proof that she had just been fucked.... Cum! I could see the creamy white cum that was starting to pool up and was about to start pouring out of her so, I quickly put my mouth over the spot that most of the cum was and let my tongue move from side to side and up and down her pussy lips as some of the jizz drained from her and onto my tongue and into my mouth.

I was a little surprised because, I found my mouth had quickly filled up with the hot cum that was inside of her. I moved up to her mouth and began kissing her slowly as passionately as I let the cum slide into her mouth from mine until it was all in her mouth and she swallowed all of it down with one gulp.

I looked down at her pussy again and saw that there was more cum leaking from her lips so I put my mouth back down over her pussy and was treated to nearly another full mouth of cum. After I kissed her and she swallowed the cum I had just licked out of her pussy, I asked her, "Damn girl! That was a LOT of cum in your pussy! How many cocks came inside your pussy???"

Her expression still euphoric from all the sex she had just had still on her face, she rolled her eyes in mock thought and said, "I lost count but, I know that at least six guys fucked me and came inside my pussy." I looked surprised but, in a good way and said, "SIX? Really???" 

She smiled and said, "In my pussy, yeah" and she got up to turn over and onto her knees while she leaned over the back of the couch with her ass pointing right at my face and she said, "you can guess for yourself how many you think came in my ass."

The entire experience of my girl getting her first gang bang was an experience neither of us will soon forget and plans are already being made for us to go back for more sex, cocks and plenty of cum for her to enjoy.

All told... She estimated that 6 cocks fucked her pussy, two had fucked her ass and she had swallowed 4 loads of cum from sucking their cocks. No idea how many cocks she might have stroked off and sucked but didn't cum in her mouth, pussy or ass but, she sure seemed to get hot thinking about how many she had been able to pleasure.

I am a very lucky guy to have such a beautiful, open minded woman who is comfortable enough to admit to the fantasies she has and with my encouragement.... See them evolve into realities to remember for years to cum.