 This is the third part of an ongoing story and is a direct follow-up to the previous chapter. It may be useful to read the other Chapters first. 

*

It took a few minutes to get back to the club. More people were leaving so it took a few moments to locate Gemma. I eventually saw her chatting to one of the men she was dancing with earlier.

"Hey gorgeous," I said as I approached, trying to behave as if nothing had happened. She turned around smiling, looking more than a little worse for wear. She put her arms around me and kissed me passionately. As the kiss ended she pulled back.

"Where have you been?"

"The lager has gone straight through me, I had to find somewhere to take a piss," I lied. Without questioning me further she turned to the man she had been talking to.

"Mark, this is Derek," she said whilst slurring her words. He reached out his hand and I shook it.

"Nice to meet you," I said and I turned to look at Gemma. He did the same and then we both looked back and started to laugh.

"What's up with you two?" she asked genuinely puzzled.

"Nothing," I said innocently "You had a good night I take it?" She laughed but then stumbled. Derek grabbed her arm to steady her and she hooked her arm around his.

"Derek has invited us back to his for a drink, fancy it?" I looked over to him and he seemed embarrassed but he nodded to confirm he had made the suggestion.

"Not sure you can drink anymore," I said light heartedly "Besides we have a cab booked." Derek looked up to me 

"It's not a problem; my flat is just a few minutes walk. You are both more than welcome." I looked at Gemma who gave me those pleading eyes that I could never resist.

"Are you sure?" I asked. At this point I was feeling a little wary about this stranger but he seemed a decent enough bloke. He was the older of the two black men who were dancing with my girlfriend earlier in the evening. I remembered how he had rubbed himself against her as she danced and moved his hands up to her breast. It was all so erotic and despite my recent release I started to become aroused once more. Up this close I judged him to be twenty years of age. He was taller than me at about 5 feet 10 inches and he was well proportioned. He was wearing dark jeans and was wearing a tight fitting, light blue, short sleeved shirt which defined his tone muscles. He obviously worked out. 

"Sure it's not a problem, I would love for you and Gemma to come back," he said with a reassuring smile "I'm just waiting for Marcus to come back from the burger bar." 

"Marcus?"

"Yeah, my cousin he's always eating" he said whilst laughing. The other guy I had seen earlier with Gemma came up behind Derek with a burger in his hand. Derek turned to introduce his cousin. "Marcus, this is Mark, Gemma's boyfriend." He waved his free hand towards me in acknowledgment. "They are coming back with us for a few drinks."

"Cool," was all he managed to say as he scoffed the remainder of his burger. When he finished he turned to Gemma with a big smile and put a big arm around her waist. 

"Hey sexy are you coming back to ours then, maybe we can get that dance you promised us." Gemma laughed and hit his broad chest. He was broader than his cousin and was taller at about six foot tall but carrying a few more pounds that were obviously not all muscle. He was also wearing dark jeans with a dark turtle neck jumper which showed his large neck. He looked a couple of years younger than his cousin and the exuberance of youth and his size meant he gave me little thought when flirting with my girlfriend. 

Derek looked over to me to see my reaction of his cousin flirting. I looked back, shrugged and smiled to him to let him know it was fine.

"Come on then lets go," said Derek.

Gemma and Marcus took the lead. They were whispering and laughing as they walked side by side. His arm was wrapped tightly around her waist.

"Hope you are okay with that?" Derek asked. He had walked up alongside me and was speaking in a hushed voice. "I can get him to back off if you want, just say the word." I re-evaluated Derek; although young he had a maturity about him which I found reassuring. 

"Its okay," I replied "She's enjoying herself and I'm guessing so is he. If it gets out of hand though I will let you know."

"Of course," he said "I won't let anything happen that you don't agree with."

We walked silently for a few moments. I watched as Marcus as he slid his hand down to Gemma's arse. She appeared not to notice. Derek again leaned his head towards in order to chat quietly. I wasn't sure if he wanted to talk or if it was to distract me from his cousin's actions. 

"Can I ask you something?"

"Sure," I said still watching Gemma having her arse caressed. 

"I saw you watching Gemma on the dance floor earlier didn't I?" I was surprised he had even noticed but I looked at him and nodded. "So do you do this sort of thing often?" I looked at him quizzically,

"What sort of thing?" He actually seemed embarrassed by his own question,

"Don't worry about it,"

"It's okay, tell me." Again he looked away as if he had made a mistake in being so forward.

"I meant do you let Gemma flirt with other men a lot?" I laughed out loud, 

"I really have little control over what Gemma does, I don't own her." He didn't smile but seemed to be thinking over his next question.

"But you like it?" he asked seriously. I smiled again

"I guess I do, do you?" This time it was Derek's turn to laugh. A little of the seriousness in his expression had disappeared.

"You bet I do," this time we both laughed. This caused Gemma to swing around on Marcus's arm.

"What are you two laughing at?" she asked while giggling.

"Nothing much," I replied "Just looking forward to this dance of yours." She laughed as Marcus again caressed her rear. This time she broke away from him and as she staggered towards me she pointed her finger in a mocking fashion towards me. As she poked my chest she said

"If you think I am dancing for you mister you have another think coming." Her oriental features were still stunning despite her present state. Her red lipstick and still shining making her lips seem even more kissable than usual. Her eyeliner gave her eyes an even wider look and her rosy coloured cheeks just exaggerated the almost doll like features. Her black bra was clearly visible underneath her lacy top which was exposed underneath her open jacket. Her shapely legs were made to make her look even taller in her stiletto heels and the black fishnet stockings which were underneath that short, black ruffled skirt which she knew always got me aroused. 

She then grabbed old of mine and Derek's arm leaving Marcus to follow us. We turned up an alleyway, for the few minutes we had been walking it had gradually got more quiet on the streets as we left the crowds behind. I saw Marcus behind me who, while he was obviously more drunk than his older cousin, was just staring at Gemma's arse. I decided to give him a thrill and moved my hand to the under edge of her skirt and lifted it to reveal the top of her fishnets and her black thong. She turned to scold me but I looked at her with a smile and she realised what I was doing and continued to talk to Derek.

"That is so hot," I heard him say behind me "please show me again." This time we stopped and Gemma looked at me and nodded her consent. Derek who was unaware of what was happening broke off Gemma's arm as I again lifted her skirt to reveal her black thong.

"Fuck me that is hot!" This time it was Derek's turn to let his jaw drop. "You are a sexy bitch." He looked up to apologise at his slip but Gemma just smiled at him. 

"Will you turn around please, I want to see the front," this time it was Marcus almost pleading. Gemma looked towards me.

"Better ask the boss" she said without a hint of amusement. Marcus looked at me and despite his bulk he looked for the entire world like a young boy asking for sweets. I laughed

"Sure," then I reached my hands around Gemma, took one last look around to see if anyone else was around and lifted the front of her skirt to reveal the front of the thong. It too was of a lacy material that was transparent and if closely examined you could make out the shape of her neatly trimmed bush. 

"Damn, I am seriously turned on" said Marcus. I knew exactly how he felt and Gemma must have felt my stiff cock pressing behind her. Almost without thought I slid my hand inside her knickers to touch her. She was going to object but before she could let out a sound I slid my finger deep inside her. Her head came back on instinct as she let out a low moan and we kissed passionately. As the kiss broke off Marcus had come to kneel before Gemma and was running his hands up and down her thighs whilst he watched my finger caress her clit. Derek not wanting to miss out also stood before Gemma and was moving his hands over her breast. At first cautiously until I gave him a look of approval at which point he leant forward to kiss them through the lacy material. 

The attention was driving Gemma wild and I felt her wetness increased dramatically. She leant forward to kiss Derek leaving me to grope her arse. Marcus took the opportunity to run his hands over her wet thong and he looked up to me and smiled at his appreciation. It occurred to me that despite all his bravado I wasn't sure he had been this close to a woman before. 

This time it was Derek's turn to moan as I saw Gemma undo his jeans and pulled out his stiffened cock. She laughed with delight as she slowly moved her hands up and down his dark shaft. His eyes were closed, enjoying the sensation of this older, oriental woman caressing his manhood with her petite hands and her well manicured nails. I was so hard I released my penis from its constraint and allowed it to rub against her bare behind. I looked over to see Marcus, who was now stood up, rubbing himself at the sight before him. I moved my hands to her top and raised it to reveal her black bra supporting her 36B breast. I slipped my hand inside as she again let out a purring sound, whether this was for me or Derek I was unsure. 

Marcus had cum in no time but was watching the sight before him. Then without warning a loud bang and cheering from further down the alley brought us out of our passion fuelled hypnosis. 

"I think we ought to get to my flat," said Derek grinning as the voices of noisy revellers could be heard somewhere closing in behind us in the alley. We started walking and tried to straighten ourselves out whilst on the move. Suddenly Marcus laughed,

"Fuck me, that was so wild," he laughed out loud. Pretty soon we were all laughing as we moved faster towards our destination of the flat.

Within a few minutes walk we were soon stood outside a modern apartment complex with a brightly lit foyer. We entered the lift and I smiled towards Gemma who I knew to be as excited as I was. I could also see Marcus brushing his hand against her thigh. Then a woman's voice told us we had arrived at the eighth floor and we got out of the lift into another sparkling bright corridor. All the doors looked the same as Derek led the way until finally stopping outside his door. He produced a key and we entered into what looked like a very expensive apartment.

"Wow, "was all Gemma could say as she looked around. The apartment was spotless with huge 50 inch plasma in one corner of the lounge. A large, leather, corner sofa faced the T.V. whilst in the corner opposite T.V. was an expensive looking hi-fi. Marcus grabbed the T.V. remote control and turned on a music channel that was showing some R 'n' B videos, then placed his feet on the large coffee table that sat in front of the couch.

"Crikey, do you rob banks for a living or something?" I asked only half joking.

"Nah, nothing like that," Derek said laughing as he disappeared into another room at the rear of the lounge and then reappeared with a couple of bottles of beer. I guessed that the other room was his kitchen. "I'm a computer programmer." 

"Bloody hell I'm in the wrong line of work," I said as I tapped his bottle with my own. Gemma was staring out of the window where she could see the city centre spread out below her. 

"Gemma, would you like a drink?" Derek asked. Gemma turned around and innocently replied

"I have had far too much to drink already." Derek laughed and Marcus looked up from his viewing of the television and patted the sofa to entice her to sit next to him. 

"One more won't hurt though," Marcus said looking mischievously towards my girlfriend and then across to his cousin. Derek then turned to look at me and I just laughed.

"Yeah go on babe just one more," I said encouragingly.

"Ah ok then," she said as she unsteadily made her way to sit next to where Marcus had motioned almost collapsing, not on the chair but on his lap. "Do you have any wine?"

"Sure and Derek again disappeared into the kitchen as Gemma draped her arms around Marcus's neck, who was clearly enjoying all the attention. I grabbed the seat at the opposite end of the sofa. When she landed on Marcus her skirt had ridden up so her stocking tops were just visible. Marcus wasted no time in running his hand up and down her legs. He went in to kiss her but she turned away so he ended up kissing her neck. She looked straight at me as he was nuzzling her neck and she mouthed the words 

"Are you okay?" At this moment I realised she wasn't as drunk as she was making out. I smiled and nodded my approval. Derek came out of the kitchen with wine in hand and placed it on a large coffee table in front of her. As Gemma reached over to pick up her wine she used it as an excuse to get off Marcus's lap but then returned with wine in hand to sit besides him. When Marcus again went to touch her she motioned towards her drink as if she might spill it at any moment. Before Derek could sit don there was another knock at the door. Marcus looked towards his cousin quizzically but Derek just shrugged and went to open the door. 

"Hey bro," said a mystery voice "I hope you don't mind but me and Lisa were out and was hoping we could crash here"

"Your timing is impeccable," was Derek's jovial reply "No worries, anytime." With that we heard footsteps coming closer and the door shutting behind. Derek appeared with another couple who seemed surprised to see so many people in the room.

"Gemma, Mark, this is my brother Justin and his girlfriend Lisa." They both came over to shake our hands and Justin then gave Marcus a hug as Lisa kissed him on the cheek. I looked over to Gemma who was obviously feeling as awkward as I was. Justin and Derek shared many similar features with Justin being slightly shorter and obviously did not work out as much as his brother. He looked a little younger and he was wearing black trousers and a shirt that was undone to reveal a vest top below. His girlfriend looked to be about eighteen and she was wearing a short denim skirt which showed of a fine pair of legs in a pair of knee high boots with long, pointed heels which she did not seem to have full control over. She was also wearing a tight, vest top which hugged her breast to reveal a large pair of what I would have guessed to be a least a 'D' cup beneath a short jacket. 

They had both obviously been drinking and Lisa threw her jacket onto an empty space on the sofa and sat down to chat to Gemma. It was like they had been friends for ages rather than recent strangers and within moments they were giggling and laughing together. Derek had disappeared into the kitchen with his brother and came out with a bottle of beer for him and a glass of wine for Lisa. He then motioned the girls to move up to allow him to sit next to Marcus so they could chat. I could tell Marcus wanted to object but could not find the words. As I watched Lisa talking to my girlfriend I couldn't help but stare as her legs parted slightly. I could feel myself becoming aroused as I could see a white, lacy pair of knickers shining like a beacon against her dark, brown skin. 

Derek came and sat alongside me.

"What do you think of the view then?" I was embarrassed that my voyeurism had been so obvious but he just laughed and tapped his bottle against mine once more. "Only fair after what you have let us do," he said winking. Before long we were all laughing and relaxing as more drinks flowed. Derek had lowered the lights to better suit the mood and there was electricity in the air. Marcus was using any excuse to touch Gemma although she had now moved alongside Derek for more protection. I found myself between Lisa and Justin who it turned out was high school sweethearts and despite there eighteen years of age seemed like a loving couple. 

Marcus decided that as we were all such good friends that we must all have a shot of Zambuka which he had obtained from the kitchen along with six shot glasses. Despite the weakened protest we all did a shot. This went on for a while until finally he insisted on another shot which we all refused except Justin who was obviously enjoying himself. Marcus leant over towards Gemma with a shot he had poured for her. She pushed him away saying she had drank to much already, as she was already on a third glass of wine and the two shots from earlier. It was at this point that Marcus chanted;

"Forfeit, forfeit, forfeit," a call that was taken up by Justin. Gemma clung on tight to Derek's arm as if looking for solace with her legs curled up on the sofa with her shoes kicked off in front of her. 

"Derek, tell them," she said in her best little girls' voice. He laughed and shook his head and joined in the chant.

"Forfeit, forfeit...." she looked across to me and I just laughed and also joined in. Finally she yelled

"Okay," over the noise. "What is it you want?" Before Marcus could speak Derek interrupted

"I want you to dance again," he said with a gleam in his eye "Like you promised." Gemma blushed and shook her head. Justin took up the call this time,

"Dance, dance, dance," which surprisingly Lisa followed and before long the chant filled the room. 

"Okay, okay," she said as she unsteadily put on her shoes. There was a large open space behind the couch where Derek directed Gemma to go. We all knelt on the sofa to watch the performance. Marcus went to the hi-fi and selected a song. Before long the introduction started. I recognised it immediately as the song I had seen her dancing to in the club earlier in the evening. She smiled and slowly closed her eyes as her head went back. At one point I though she might fall over but she regained her balance and started swaying to the beat. I looked across to Lisa who looked back and smiled whilst her boyfriend Justin's gaze was transfixed on my girlfriend.

As the tempo picked up her hips swayed revealing even more of her legs, as her skirt gained momentum going side to side. Her bra stood out behind the lacy black top, as the holder lifted her breast up and closer together. I watched as she lowered herself down, skirt riding up her thighs with her hands combing her hair and moving her hand down to her lips. She then repeated the motion with more vigour this time causing her skirt to ride up revealing her creamy thighs above the top of her fishnet stockings. I could hear Justin inhale a breath as he watched obviously excited by what he saw. Then Derek crossed over to where Gemma was dancing and placed his hands on her hips. She smiled at him as he moved his hands behind her skirt and lifted it revealing her lacy black thong. His hands moved all over her bear arse as he gyrated with her in time to the music. 

Again I looked towards Lisa, this time she was looking at Justin although he was completely unaware. She turned and caught me staring down at her legs and smiled. I turned back to watch Gemma grab Derek's crotch, I could see her rubbing him through his jeans. As she continued to dance she undid his buttons and slid her hand inside. He groaned in pleasure as she continued to rub. I could see Marcus rubbing himself against the sofa but before long he went up to dance behind Gemma straight away running his hands up to her breast. Gemma then took out Derek's cock and was rubbing it intently, with one hand whilst the other reached behind to feel Marcus's obvious excitement. To his credit Marcus managed to get her top off in one fluid motion causing her to release the two men but for an instant. Without looking she was trying to undo Marcus's fly but he guided her to her goal and he brimmed with pride as she touched his hardened member. 
