 This is the very first story I wrote during a lazy, hot week away in Majorca, Spain. It started out as playing around but I soon realised I quite enjoyed the writing (and so did my wife; she could get more sun bathing!). Over the next few months on our return, I added a few more parts. It focuses on a young couple, Sarah and Steve, from the suburbs of a north western English city. They are invited over to a friend's villa in Spain and over the course of their weekend they encounter many new experiences. It starts on the night before they go away.

*****

A Long Weekend

Part 1

Thursday Night

Chapter 1

He was close now. Thirty minutes of hard, physical work. Now it was time. He grunted and threw his head back, sweat dripping from his brow. She looked up at him with both a smug satisfaction and expectation. Her hand gripped his meaty, thick cock, fingers dancing over his glistening tip. Her other hand brushed like a feather, over his heavy, smooth, shaven balls, coaxing his cum to rise. She leaned forward once more and lightly kissed his excited, quivering red tip. Moaning deeply again in growing anticipation, he gently pushed her back on her knees. She relinquished her grip, reaching to tease her erect nipple and watched intently as he grasped at his own cock and started furiously pumping. Straight in front of her, inches from her face.

She shook her hair loose, knowing what was to come. Tucking, her long blonde hair over her ears with both hands she looked up, doe eyed, meeting his urgent gaze. She smiled, waiting for his sign. He grunted once again. She opened her mouth, ready to receive what promised to be a heavy, creamy load. Two or three more rapid jerks and he were there. 

"Oh Godddd!"

"Mmmmmm"

His body convulsed, the first jet of spunk splattered against her waiting tongue. The second spurted deliciously into her hungry mouth. 

"Fuck!"

"Mmmmmmmm"

A third bolt of cum suddenly shot out against her chin, messily rolling down her throat, onto her tits.

She smiled. Leaning forward, she licked his spent cock from his balls to the tip, sucking the remaining spunk still seeping out from his twitching end. He groaned and clutched her hair as she opened her lips wider to dirtily slide his still hard shaft down to her throat. 

She moaned, almost a sigh, unable to speak, her mouth crammed full of cock.

"Mmmmmmmm"

The screen slowly faded to black. The credits rolled.

Chapter 2

Boring. Sarah eventually decided to walk home. She had enjoyed the drinks though, after work with the girls; that cute barman had made a pass at her, but the journey home had pissed her off. Firstly, her friend wouldn't stop whining about her cheating boyfriend, secondly, the taxi drivers' constant leering and exploring glances in the rear view mirror had unsettled her. She paid both her and her friend's fares and left a small begrudging tip. Anyway, she would welcome the fresh, cold air to sober her up while she set out on the half mile back to their house.

It would be a good time to think what else she would need to pack for their weekend away at Jane's new villa in Spain. She had spent the morning before she went to work, ironing and folding most of it, ready to be packed away in the suitcase. 

The thing was, she didn't know what to expect; was it going to be a casual weekend or were smart clothes expected? She was aware that Jane had married this man last year and then split up from him months later. He had made her a settlement, leaving her with more money than she could ever hope to spend - expensive meals, smart new cars and top end clothes. Now she also had this place, on the coast near Barcelona. Whatever, Sarah knew that she was going to enjoy it anyway, spend some quality time in the sun, by the pool.

Oh God! ...a villa with a private pool! She and Steve could spend hours lazily getting even more tanned. She needed this break even though they had only come back from their last holiday in Italy three weeks earlier. She had got a deep tan in that week away which she had desperately managed to maintain. She wasn't shy to show it off. Short, flirty dresses, low cut tops - she wanted to make the other girls jealous and the boys smile. Her pouty, dark Mediterranean looks had worked; one or two bitchy comments she'd overheard from the girls at work and more than a few admiring, second glances from the guys whenever she had been out.

Her fit, toned and brown body had obviously triggered off a spark in her boyfriend Steve. She smiled to herself as she remembered fucking constantly throughout their time away. Oh God, it was good! Steve was probably looking forward to this break as much as her. It would take his mind off things. He was a born worrier, worried that his job at the local supermarket wasn't safe. She would stand by him. She loved him, loved his sense of humour, ever since they'd been introduced to each other. What was it? Four years ago?

Still smiling, as the first lazy drops of rain began to fall, maybe Steve would be up waiting for her and they would fall onto the bed. Steve would stretch her tight panties to one side and fuck her hard just like he had done, against a wall, on the walk home from that restaurant in Sorrento. A charge of sexual excitement surged through her.

Firstly though, she had to get out of this increasingly heavy rain. There was no shelter apart from the scrawny, ghostly over hanging trees and she was becoming drenched. Her long brunette hair stuck to her face and the short, white dress she was wearing moulded itself to her body.

Sarah trotted as best she could in her high heels towards their front door. The puddles on the pavement splashing her ankles, Breathlessly, she arrived and spent a frustrating short while searching for her keys in her bag. Once inside, pushing the door quietly shut, she kicked off her heels and shouted to see if Steve was still awake.

"Hi-Ya?"

No answer. In the silence she stood and pulled the strands of hair back from her soaked face. She became aware of a low muffled sound coming from the living room. More, it seemed as she carefully listened, moans and groans. Oh God! Was he alright? She crashed urgently into the room.

Chapter 3

Bloody Hell! There he was, sitting on his favourite side of the sofa, nearest to her, burning cigarette in hand, bottle of beer in another. Slumped on the other end was his best friend Dave. A slowly, burnt out butt, and a thick tumbler of whisky.

They both jolted up in surprise, shocked at her dramatic entrance. Then a shameful, embarrassment dawned over them, knowing that they had been caught red handed. The flickering screen in the corner of the darkened room was the evidence. The groans and moans had been girls on the television. Being screwed senseless by a number of energetic, well hung men. Fucking porn!

"Alright Sar..." Steve chirped, his eyes wide open, trying to sound as if it was an everyday thing. There was no place for him to hide.

Sarah smirked and shook her head slowly in disdain. "You better not mess that up." She pointed to a pile of ironed clothes stacked on the only single chair in the room. Glancing around the floor and seeing the brimming ashtrays she continued, more vocally. "Oh Christ Steve, It fucking stinks in here!"

Steve pursed his lips, put his hand up in apology and Dave nodded slowly, not wanting to meet her searching glare. She bent down to pick a pair of Steve's pants from the floor, flung them back onto the pile of clothes and then realised that they were both looking at her body intently with open mouths. She looked down at her sodden dress trying to figure out what they were staring at. It was not only clinging to her curvy figure but it had become almost transparent, showing a very revealing bra and almost non-existent panties. 

"You're looking very well tonight, my dear" Dave chuckled.

"Oh fuck off Dave!" she retorted, feeling a flush of embarrassment creeping over her. "Don't get any ash on the sofa please, Dave" she said in a mocking voice, trying in vain to avert his gaze.

"Oh alright... alright" He said, irritated, leaning forward and stubbing out his cigarette in a dirty coffee cup. Then he exhaled, his eyes narrowed, a dirty, smug smile on his face, undressing her. He returned to watch the television screen. Sarah shook her head again, looked at him in annoyance and muttered. 

"For Christ's sake..."

Chapter 4

Dave wasn't nicknamed (behind his back), Dickhead Dave for nothing. Steve's best friend, he had the gift of making a complete mess of everything. If she and Steve had been to the pub with Dave and Kate, he was the type to always bring back a bottle of red for the girls when they had asked for white. Kate must be very patient with him or he had something special hidden away to compensate for his stupidity. Kate wouldn't hear a bad word against him, although the time he had turned up at the airport, having left his passport at home was particularly fraught. 

"Right then, you dirty perverts, I'm going for a shower and getting changed...get me a drink...and, oh...by the way keep the film going" she said, nodding and grinning at the screen and then turning to go upstairs.

Steve and Dave mumbled and turned back to the writhing erotic bodies.

Sarah resignedly smiled to herself as she climbed the stairs. She didn't mind a dirty film once in a while. Steve was usually at his best after they had watched a bit of porn. To be fair, it excited her, turned her on, too.

That's right, she thought. It was four years since they had known each other. Steve had charmed her no end when they first met. The ironic thing was that she had had a real crush on Dave at the time, with his easy going outlook on life, but Dave had veered towards her friend Kate and Sarah felt guilty about trying to edge in. Steve had appeared one night in the local pub with Dave and they had all ended up chatting. Sarah found herself readily flirting with Steve and soon they were an item. On their first date, Steve was a real gentleman and took her for a drink in a country pub. The next date, always the gentleman, he impressed her with an expensive meal. The third date he drove them to the cinema and after the film they kissed and touched each other to the point of frustration. On the fourth date, a trip to a theatre in London had ended with a night at a smart hotel. He didn't behave like a gentleman that night, Sarah smiled to herself. She had definitely found out what pent up feelings he had had for her. She was even more aroused now.

Looking at herself in the bedroom mirror she slowly peeled her tight fitting, wet dress from her body. The cold, damp of her smooth skin showed itself on her twenty two year old, pert young breasts ; her sensitive brown nipples stood out rock solid, aching to be touched...flicked with a stiff tongue...

She stepped into the bathroom and turned on the shower. Once under the shower head she gasped as the hot water warmed her up. She closed her eyes in satisfaction. The sexual urge still nagged away at her as she threw her head back to shake the water from her long hair. She needed Steve's cock inside her so badly now and the snippet of porn she had glimpsed had aroused her even more. 

If only he could find a way of getting Dave out of the house so that she and Steve could spend the rest of the night screwing each other.

Her hand wandered down over her flat tummy to her smooth, hairless pussy and she rubbed and circled her fingertips over her now excited clit. Another finger pushed down more firmly onto her receptive pussy lips, feeling the slickness on her folds. The excitement built inside her as she thought about fingering herself, bringing herself off in the shower. But...Oh God... She was going to wait for Steve's hard cock later, be pleasured and brought to a shuddering climax by his stiffness. 

She sighed with reluctance, slowly withdrew her fingers, turned off the shower and towelled herself slowly, making sure she rubbed once again over her erect clit. In the steamed up mirror, she found herself flushed in the face, gazing at her tanned body, appreciating her ample breasts, her nipples still rudely erect, poking youthfully northwards.

Once dry, Sarah padded naked to the bedroom, pushed her damp hair back over her shoulder and looked for something to wear in the drawer. She fumbled around for some pyjamas, some nightwear, anything suitable. Her hand brushed against the rigid hardness of her thick vibrator, a Valentine's present from Steve. Her legs turned to jelly at the sight of it. Her fingers curled around its intimidating, satisfying girth. She stared and gasped, lips slightly parted, just thinking of its solid throbbing on her clit, its heaviness, as it buzzed against the folds of her pussy. The ridges and curves seemed so tempting...

Then she saw what she wanted. "Fuck it!" She moaned to herself." I'll get him going tonight." 

She hadn't worn this for months. A short, black silk chemise. Another present from Steve, she fondly remembered it hadn't lasted very long on her body before he had lustfully screwed her hard on the stairs when she had first worn it. She slipped it on, adjusted the thin shoulder straps and felt the tight smoothness of the silk against her body. Looking in the mirror Sarah realised there wasn't much left to the imagination and looked around for some black lacy panties. She was about to step into them but had second thoughts, smirked at her own naughtiness and threw them back into the drawer.

The thrill of wearing so little in front of Steve almost overwhelmed her. She couldn't help but envisage his face, how stiff his prick would be, when she walked in.

She frowned, noticing a small white, dried mark on the hem. She gently scratched at it with her long fingernails and just then realised what the mark was. Just how it had got there. She grinned. It was a good night. Dirty Boy.

She'd almost forgotten about Dave. Fuck! She paused. She couldn't display herself like this. What should she do? Oh fuck him...Dave would just have to go home. She pushed her shoulders back, cupped her breasts in her hands, checked her barely hidden bum in the mirror and walked to the bedroom door.

Chapter 5

Tip-toeing downstairs she saw Steve's head through the banisters making his way into the kitchen. She avoided the dark living room, still hearing the moaning girls, and followed him into the kitchen. She leaned against the door frame and watched him open the fridge and reach for another beer.

"What do you think of this Steve?" she said quietly.

He looked around suddenly, his eyes suddenly lit up. "Oh fucking hell Sar! He spluttered. "You look... fuck me...well... ...fucking fit!"

"I thought you'd like it" she smiled seductively, slowly making her way, running her hands sensually down her body and over her hips, to stand in front of him. "It still fits, doesn't it?"

"Christ, yes! I've got to take that off and push you over the table" He gasped.

"Oh God, please ..." She moaned quietly, frustrated that she couldn't have him then. "You've got to give me one Steve... ...I'm so fucking wet for you". 

Sarah moved closer, pushing him back against the sideboard, grinding her pussy against his hips. "Feel how wet I am, I want you inside me" she whispered and leant in to kiss him. Her hand grabbed his and guided it quickly down between her legs.

"Fucking hell" he whispered back. "You're not wearing any panties!" He grinned and let his fingertips roam over her swollen pussy lips, almost sucking him in. Sarah groaned deeply, while looking lustfully into his eyes, feeling his fingers begin to part her smooth lips. Her palm firmly rubbed over the solid hardness she had created in his trousers, and then moved upwards slowly with her fingers to unbuckle his belt. Slowly getting to the point of no return.

Chapter 6

"Aye... Aye... what's going on here then?" Sarah and Steve both shot out of their passion and turned to see Dave leering at them from the doorway.

"Fuck Off Dave!" The pair of them shouted in unison. Realising they had both said it at once, they both chuckled nervously and blushed. Dave smirked, put his hands up in way of apology and slinked back into the living room.

"I'll bring a drink through in a minute mate..." Steve called after him and then looked across at Sarah. "I'm sorry my love..."

"Christ Ste, can't you get him out of the house, or something?" she whispered, annoyed, looking into his eyes, still lovingly stroking the stiffness in his jeans.

"I will, my love...give it an hour and a half and he's gone - the boxing should be finished by then..."

"Boxing...what...an hour and a half? Fuck that, I'm going to bed!"

Sarah turned, on her heels, to flounce, frustrated out of the kitchen but Steve darted forward and caught hold of her hand.

"I'm sorry" he whispered, "I know, he's such a dick, but just this once and after he's gone, we can carry on...can't we?" He smiled and raised his eyebrows at her, hopefully.

"Oh God... Ste, bloody hell! Alright then..." She kept hold of his hand and grinned. "Are you still watching that dirty stuff in there?"

"Yeah...kind of...would you like to join me"?

"Only if I can have some of that later" she smirked and reached forward again and traced her finger slowly across the outline of his stiff erection.

"

It's a deal" he grunted, with a broad, relieved, smile and led her into the living room.

Chapter 7

Dave was sat at the end of the sofa looking like a chastised dog. His eyes came away briefly from the screen and glanced at Sarah's sexy tanned body. She was aware of him surreptitiously looking and pulled at the chemise to try and cover her smooth, bare thighs. She moved round and, seeing the ironed clothes knew that she had no option but to sit next to him. She knew she was fighting a losing battle as the hem of her chemise rose higher still. Another three inches and her shaved pussy would be fully exposed.

"Ste?" she said urgently, frowning at her predicament. "Can you switch the light off?"

Steve reached across to the lamp and turned the room into darkness leaving just the light from the flickering television. He then came to sit next to her, put his arm around her, pulled her closer and clasped her hand. She shifted closer and nuzzled into his shoulder and kissed his neck.

The porn was crap. The acting, if you could call having sex on screen as 'acting', was so unreal - choreographed, implanted, moaning and cumming almost on demand. It wasn't like any of her experiences. It turned her on though, in a bizarre, animalistic kind of way. Her mind flashed back to, was it only last weekend? She and Steve had sat on opposite sides of the room after showering, watching a similar film. She had got horny, pulled her dressing gown apart and splayed her legs, dirtily draping them over both arms of the chair, frantically fingering her wet cunt to the scenes on the TV. Steve had watched in wild eyed approval for a while and then he'd muttered, called her all sorts of obscenities and undone his dressing gown. His hand had cupped his big balls while he slowly and firmly tossed himself off. They had frantically pleasured themselves, watching each other, watching the sex unfold until she could breathlessly cum no more and he had reached a crescendo and unleashed copious jets of warm spunk all over his stomach and fingers.

She traced her finger up his thigh and over his bulging cock under his trousers.

"Don't!" He whispered, embarrassed by her forwardness and kissed her on the cheek. This alerted Dave, who gulped at his whisky and now stared down unashamedly at her smooth thighs, taking in at how much they had, unknown to Sarah, exposed themselves even more.

Sarah coughed nervously, but still felt flirty and stroked her boyfriend's chest. "This is a bit bland isn't it Ste, haven't you got something a bit...you know,...a bit harder?"
