 "C'mon," Mandy pleaded. "Just have one more drink, Kay. It's still early."

"No," I protested. "I really can't, Mandy. I'm probably past my limit now. If I have another one I'll definitely have problems driving home."

"Then don't," she said. "Just stay here. I hate staying by myself anyway." Mandy's husband had been called out of town for a business trip, which had led to the impromptu girl's night in.

"No thanks," I said. "I hate sleeping on couches. I always wake up with a stiff back."

"You don't have to sleep on the couch. You can share my bed."

I gave her a skeptical look.

"C'mon, Kay. It will be just like the sleepovers we had back in high school," she said with a wink. 

Her words aroused my suspicion. Most of our high school sleepovers had consisted of nothing extraordinary. We'd gossip about school, boys, and who was fucking whom. However, one time, it had been different. 

The night before I left home for college the two of us had gotten a bit frisky after a few drinks. We'd spent several minutes kissing and fondling one another. I had chickened out before anything serious could happen. It turned out to be a decision I would regret for 4 years. Mandy was already hopelessly in love with Brian when I came home after my freshman year. They dated all through college and married shortly after. There was never an opportunity to continue our experimentation. Until now, assuming Mandy and I were on the same wavelength.

"Fuck it! I'll stay," I said, taking off my coat. "Pour me another one." 

Mandy emptied the daiquiri picture in my glass and went to work on another batch. An hour later, we were both completely sauced and giggling like high school girls. Mandy told me how great things were with Brian, while I recounted all my disastrous romantic endeavors. 

"I think the world is against me," I finally lamented. "I'm never going to find The One."

"Don't be silly," Mandy said. She took my hand and started caressing it. "Things will work out for you dear." 

She smiled tenderly. Her expression showed how much she cared for me, but I also saw a hint of something else in her big green eyes. She was staring at me intently. I couldn't help noticing how beautiful she was. Her soft brown hair framed a pretty face, highlighted by those bright eyes and two full, luscious lips. I found myself looking at her body. She wore a loose black sweater that clung to her ample breasts. Her lavender tights showed off her muscular legs and ass.

Mandy was checking me out, too. I hadn't changed after work, and my short gray business skirt was riding up, leaving my taut thighs exposed. My tailored black silk blouse hugged my perky little breasts. Mandy boldly reached over and ran her fingers through my silky brown hair. 

"I don't know how else to say this, so I'm just going to blurt it out," Mandy said. "I've been dying to fuck you all night." 

I was shocked by her bluntness, but also delighted. It was good to know we were on the same page. I wasn't sure what to say. I could feel myself getting wet. I decided to let my actions speak for me. I started unbuttoning my blouse, revealing my lacy white bra. Mandy watched eagerly. 

I slipped the blouse off my shoulders and flicked the clasp at the front of the bra. My little pink nubs were already hard. Mandy stared at them for several seconds. 

"I've never sucked a girl's titty," she said. "I want to suck yours, Kay." 

She leaned forward and took my breast in her hand. It was the first time a woman had ever touched my bare chest. She leaned forward and gently kissed my hard nipple. I sighed. My panties were absolutely soaked. I had fantasized about being with another woman for years, and now it was finally happening. 

I started pulling her tights off and she continued toying with my nipple. Mandy wasn't wearing panties. She stopped sucking my tit long enough to remove her sweater and bra. I quickly shed my skirt and stockings. Mandy practically tore my panties away. 

We sat studying each other. My whole body was trembling with anticipation. I decided to make the next move. I pushed Mandy back on the couch and buried my face between her muscular thighs. The smell of her pussy was ripe and intoxicating. I buried my face in it, savoring the scent. Her soft pubic hairs tickled my cheek while I tasted another woman's juice for the first time. It was sweet and pungent. I traced my tongue around the rim of her vagina and then moved to her clit. 

"Eat my pussy," Mandy moaned. "Eat my pussy, you slut." 

The naughty talk made me hot. I flicked her clit with my tongue and she moaned wildly. I looked up and saw Mandy pinching and pulling her nipples. 

"That's right, you little bitch. That's how I like it!" she said. 

We were so into each other that we never heard the front door open. We didn't even know Brian was in the room until he spoke.

"Mind if I get in on this action?" he asked. 

Both Mandy and I jumped at the sound of his voice. I grasped for the afghan on the back of the couch, trying desperately to cover myself up.

"What are you doing home?" Mandy asked him.

"We were able to finish up sooner than expected, so I caught the late flight home."

There was an obvious bulge in Brian's pants. He made to attempt to hide it as he looked at is with lust in his eyes. I wrapped the afghan tighter, trying to shield my nude body from his intent stare.

"Why are you getting shy all of the sudden?" Brian asked me. "You didn't seem so modest when you had your face buried in my wife's cunt."

I wasn't sure what to say. Despite his obvious arousal, he also seemed a bit peeved.

"Maybe I should just get dressed," I said. I started to reach for my blouse.

"I've got a better idea," he answered. "Why don't you stay naked, and I join you?"

I didn't know what to say. I glanced over at Mandy. She had a bit of a smirk on her face.

"It's your choice, Kay," she said. "But I'm cool with it if you are." 

I turned back to Brian. I'd always been impressed by his good looks and athletic physique. The large bulge in his pants made me even more curious. I released the afghan, letting it slowly slide off my shoulder. Brian shamelessly admired my perky little tits.

"Why don't I help you out of your pants?" I said.

"Now that's what I'm talking about," Brian said as he stepped towards me.

I smiled up at him and gave his belt a tug. Mandy watched anxiously as I dropped her husband's zipper. He pulled off his shirt and I removed his pants and underwear. I was very impressed. He was thin and muscular, but that's not what caught my attention. I immediately fell in love with his big, slender cock. 

I took his shaft in my hand and guided it to my mouth. I started kissing the swollen purple head. 

"Suck on it!" Mandy said. "Suck his dick." 

I may have been a novice at eating pussy, but I knew just what do with a cock. I worked the entire length of Brian's pole into my mouth. He grunted with delight. 

I took his balls with one hand and started massaging them. At the same time, I started bobbing my head up and down the length of his shaft. Brian was very into it. He twirled his fingers in hair and started fucking my mouth. 

Mandy was into it, as well. While I sat on the edge of the couch blowing her husband, she got down on the floor in front between us. She gently parted my legs, exposing my aching pussy. I felt her hand on my clit and it drove me wild.

"Oh shit!" I tried to say, but my mouth was too full of cock. 

Brian was obviously living out his wildest dream. 

"Yeah, honey," he said. "Eat that pussy baby. Bury your pretty face in that cunt."

Mandy didn't waste time obeying. I felt the familiar touch of a tongue on my clit. In no time, I could feel an orgasm approaching. I tried to keep sucking Brian's cock, but I couldn't concentrate. Finally, I gave up and just let it go. I leaned back on the couch and let Mandy pleasure me. 

Brian didn't seem to mind. In fact, he was very content to watch his hot little wife go down on me. He stood up and started stroking his big dick. Mandy continued to tease me with her tongue. She swirled it around my pussy and nibbled at my clit. I started moaning loudly, begging her to continue. Just when I thought I could take no more, she slammed two fingers into my asshole. 

That was all it took. I felt my pussy quiver then explode. My body shuddered. I tried to call out her name, but all I could do was groan out nonsensical words. Many never missed a beat. She kept licking my vagina through the entire orgasm. I had my eyes closed until I felt a splash on my tits. I opened up in time to see Brian expelling the last of his cum all over my naked body.

When my orgasm finished, Mandy took a seat next to me on the couch. Brian sat on the other side of her. Brian and I were both temporarily satiated, but we new Mandy was still waiting. 

I dipped my fingers in the puddle of cum, then placed them on Mandy's clit. She sighed softly when I started rubbing the little nub. Brian watched eagerly. It didn't take long to work Mandy into a frenzy. 

"Eat my pussy, Kay!" she pleaded. 

I dropped to my knees and got my second taste of another woman. Mandy clenched my head tightly with her thighs. 

"Hell yes!" she shouted. "I'm so close!" 

I had never seen another woman cum, and the thought was driving me wild. I started lapping her juices. I slid two fingers in her pussy and started working them in and out. Mandy was going wild. Her orgasm was the wildest thing I'd ever seen.

"Oh fuck!" she shouted. Her body started convulsing wildly. Her face locked in a grimace, and her big titties bounced up and down. Brian sat smiling, stroking his dick, watching his wife cum on my face.

When it was over, Mandy practically jerked me up onto the couch. She planted her lips on mine and gave me a soul-sucking kiss. It made my whole body tremble. It would have gone on all night if Brian hadn't interrupted.

"Okay ladies," he said. "Who's ready to ride the dick?"

"Kay is!" Mandy blurted out. 

They didn't give me time to protest. Mandy grabbed her husband by the dick and guided him between my thighs.

It was unbelievably big. I felt so full. He started fucking me hard and fast. Mandy fingered herself as she watched. His dick slid in and out of me like there was to friction. It felt incredible. Brian really knew what he was doing. I couldn't help feeling envious of what my best friend probably sampled on a daily basis. Thankfully, she didn't mind sharing.

My orgasm came quicker than I expected. I could feel my body tensing up after only a few minutes. I started groaning loudly. Mandy fingered herself faster, trying to bring herself to a climax. She ended up beating me by a few seconds.

"Oh yes!" she moaned when her body started convulsing again. 

All the sounds and the sensations in the room were too much for me. I started cumming. My pussy clenched at Brian's dick, trying to hold it inside me. He kept driving into me with a fury. 

"I'm cumming," I panted breathlessly. "Brian, I'm cumming." 

He kept fucking me through my orgasm. It was amazing. When Mandy and I were both finished her pulled his cock out. Mandy took it in her hand and gave a few hard tugs. It exploded like a volcano, spraying both of us with his hot jizz. When he was through, Mandy and I took turns licking each other clean.

The sun was coming up by the time we were completely finished. Mandy and Brian both insisted I take a nap with them. Of course, I had no objections. I was eager to get a little rest so we'd be fresh for the next day's activities.