 Friday

The early morning shafts of light streamed through the gaps in the curtains. Sarah lay on her front, her head on Steve's lap, her hand resting on his soft cock. Her other arm was stretched across Dave's thick chest. They all dozed, completely exhausted, spent, after screwing each other well into the early morning.

"Jesus Christ" Dave woke with a start, "What time is it?"

"About eight" said Steve, glancing at the clock through half sleepy eyes. Dave bolted up in panic, throwing Sarah's arm off him.

"Oh shit.....shit......shit......Kate will fucking kill me! I said I'd be home last night!" He shuffled around the bed, barely awake, trying to get orientated, then darted to the bottom of the bed and found his pants.

"Tell her I send my love.......and tell her......that she's a very lucky girl......!" Sarah said, as she continued to doze, her face pressed into Steve's lap, a mischievous and contented smile on her face."

"Oh, just fuck off!" He retorted, grinning back at her slumbering, naked body. "I'll see you two when you get back." He rushed noisily out of the bedroom, flying down the stairs and quickly opened the front door, slamming it shut loudly, making the whole house vibrate behind him.

Sarah slowly sat up, reached across and kissed Steve on the lips. Her pussy felt sore from the pounding it had taken. She felt ashamed of herself, but at the same couldn't help feeling just a little exhilarated. "C'mon Steve, we've got to get up, packed and be at the airport by eleven"

"OK"

"With a bit of luck, we'll be at Jane's pool by four and you can have another couple of hours nap then."

"OK"

"Oh, c'mon Steve, let's get showered and freshened up." Sarah kissed his chest and rubbed his leg, a hint of irritation creeping into her voice. "We stink of sex."



They made it to the airport, through passport control and security, with an hour to spare before the flight. Not a word was said about last night. They felt too awkward about how they broach the subject.

They boarded the plane and got settled in their cramped, narrow seats. It was a quiet, out of season flight, with few passengers, so they had their own space and privacy. Sarah picked up a dog-eared inflight magazine from the netted seat pouch in front of her while Steve put his head back to doze.

"It was good last night....I enjoyed it" Sarah said quietly, her eyes skimming the glossy magazine.

"I did too Sar" replied Steve, keeping his eyes closed.

"We should invite Dave and Kate around more often."

"Christ, don't get greedy Sar!" Steve chuckled and turned towards her. He caught her eye.

"You don't think I'm a slut do you?" She whispered.

"No way!"

"Do you still love me?"

"Oh God......Yes, why wouldn't I?"

"You know, what we did last night.....with him?"

"Did you want to?"

Her eyes searched his. "It felt right.......It was so wrong ........but......" She smiled and sighed. "But, it felt so right Steve...."

"That's how I feel."

Her smile broadened, perhaps with just a sense of relief and she looked back at the magazine, browsing at the photo shopped celebrities cavorting about in their bikinis on Caribbean beaches. The hostesses performed their safety demonstrations, ignored by all the passengers on board.

"Does that girl in London keep in touch with you?"

"Don't be daft!" Steve replied, gobsmacked, "It was just for one night!"

"You lot took advantage of her though, didn't you!"

"Yeah, that's what happens when you get three pissed, horny lads and a girl flashing her tits at you"

"Dirty bastards!" said Sarah, sniggering into her magazine. "Three of you......!"

The plane took off with Sarah, as always, clutching Steve's thigh in mild fear. She continued to stroke his leg, her outstretched fingertips tentatively brushing against his groin.

Steve smiled and put his mouth to her ear and whispered. "Would you do it again......I mean, what happened last night?"

She paused. "Maybe, maybe if it was the right place or the right person, I don't really know......." She turned to look out of the small window, seeing the English countryside rolling below them, between the patchy clouds. She could still feel her pussy, although sore, trembling in excitement. "It felt right last night, it was really good. You and Dave were amazing...."

Steve smiled, proud and relaxed in the knowledge that his girlfriend was happy and also satisfied. He was concerned that he may have forced her into what happened. He closed his eyes and put his head back again, thinking about seeing his girlfriend, being fucked by his closest friend in front of him and also the distant memories of the girl in London. Random erotic thoughts flitted through his head, developing into an uncomfortable, pressing erection in his tight jeans. How could he manage that after last night?



The plane came into land with a sudden bump waking them both with a shock.

"I haven't seen Jane for over two years, I hope the villa's nice" said Sarah, her eyes sleepy from the flight.

"Me too.... wasn't she married to that fat, old twat though?" Steve replied "I don't think I could cope with him for three days"

"I don't think you'll have to. When she called up to invite us over, she said she only sees him once a month. She told me he flies in, screws her, takes her for a meal, screws her again, gives her a wad of cash and then fucks off back to London!" Sarah reached down to pick up her bottle of water and handbag and looked back up to Steve with a wicked smile. "It sounds like a perfect world doesn't it?!" 

They were met at the exit of the airport terminal by an unsmiling, unshaven, gum chewing taxi driver. He took them swiftly out of the town, past dirty, graffiti ridden industrial units, into the greener countryside, up into the mountains along narrow dusty roads.

The taxi arrived at a pair of high wooden gates which opened automatically as the car edged near.

"Christ it's fucking massive!" said Steve looking open mouthed at the massive villa which lay in front of them. The gardens were lush, immaculate, in comparison to the arid mountain surrounds with a constant flickering of water sprinklers. The driver brought them to a stop at the imposing front door. Steve and the driver went round to the back to get their bags.

"Hi-Ya Jane!" Sarah shouted out excitedly, rushing over to embrace her friend. Steve looked around the trunk lid and saw a blonde haired, fresh faced young girl beaming at them, similar in age to them. Fuck she's fit! Steve thought, as he grasped at the handle of one of the suitcases. He smiled to himself and took a sneaky second glance. Yeah, fucking hell, she is fit! He paid and tipped the taxi driver who walked back to the driver's seat, this time with a sly smile on his face, muttering under his breath in Spanish. Steve could swear it translated as "You lucky bastard!"

Sarah introduced them and Jane and Steve pecked each other on the cheek. Steve's eyes lit up, looking admiringly at her toned, tanned and obviously well maintained body.

"Come on in – I'll show you around" Jane said almost bouncing at seeing her old friend. She led the way, Steve followed, clutching the heavy bags as the girls chattered. His eyes followed Jane's smooth brown legs, her curvy figure and her pert bum tucked neatly into a pair of tight, revealing cut -off jeans.

After gazing around, open mouthed in wonder at the plush villa, Jane showed them to their cool, air conditioned room, complete with a large shower and a massive bed. 

"It's a beautiful place, Jane" said Steve, sitting on the edge of the bed.

"Thanks Steve....just treat it like your own home" She looked over, her smile and bright, sexy eyes almost making him gush like a shy, besotted teenager. 

"If you fancy a swim, why don't you use the pool in the garden?"

"Christ, I'm having some of that!" Steve said loudly to Sarah. Jane laughed and walked out of the room, leaving them alone. He pushed everything to one side and quickly got out of his clothes, fishing for his swimming shorts in the top of one of bags. Sarah followed him, stripping naked and then putting on her new bikini. They both left the cool air-conditioned villa and tiptoed out onto the patio, met by a wall of fierce mid- afternoon heat and sat on the two nearest recliners by the pool.

"Oh Jeez, this is the life!" Steve gasped, Sarah breathed out deeply, feeling her shoulders relax, and dipped her toes into the inviting water.

Sarah turned to Steve and whispered "She's a lucky bitch isn't she?"

"Too right she is......I'm fucking jealous!"

"Oh.... and Ste....." she continued "You can put your tongue away now....... I've seen your eyes following her about, like a dog on heat!"

He flushed with guilt; she could see his face go red, even in the heat. "No I've not!"

"You'd better watch out Ste...she's got a bit of a reputation you know."

"Has she?"

"She was a bit of a girl, before she came over here to Spain" Sarah continued. Steve sat in uncomfortable silence. "I don't think she goes short on male company, if you know what I mean"

Sarah winked and then grinned at him and moved back into the recliner.



"Champagne anyone?" They turned and saw Jane walking towards them, clutching some glasses, a large bottle and an ice bucket.

"God, I'd love some" Sarah gasped. Steve just stared, open mouthed, not just at the champagne. He was taking in Jane's tanned figure in the skimpiest of bikinis. He glanced over at his girlfriend; her brunette hair tied back, loose strands tucked behind her ears, her body shimmering in the afternoon sun. She was just as stunning. I really am a lucky bastard, he thought to himself.

Jane put the bucket down and gave them each a glass. Her nipples tented her skimpy bikini top - the effect of the ice in the bucket she'd had clutched to her breasts. She poured slowly as they watched the fizz quickly rising in the glass. Steve glanced at Jane's tempting cleavage once more. It wasn't the only thing rising.

They sipped slowly and relaxed. The girls lay back, proudly displaying their bronzed bodies before them. Steve eyed them as they chatted and chuckled about past times, his erection building quickly.

"I'd better get some sun cream" he said, grabbing a towel and moving quickly sideways so he could hide the bulge in his shorts. He put his glass down and started towards their room.

"Oh shit!" Jane exclaimed, "I'd better phone the restaurant" and she too, got up and followed Steve into the villa, leaving Sarah, sighing in relaxation, on her own.



Steve shivered once back inside the air-conditioned bedroom. He pulled his bag onto the bed and fumbled around for their bottles of sun screen. He could hear Jane speaking to someone in the kitchen and then the phone clicked down. He found the bottle he wanted and slowly worked it past the folded clothes.

"It's nice to see you Steve." Jane stood leaning against the door, her hand on her hip. "Finally I can put a face to a name!"

"Me too!" Steve chuckled and looked up at her. "Sarah's always talking about you."

"Good things I hope?"

"Always!" they both grinned at each other. She held his gaze a telling moment longer.

Jane saw what he had got clutched in his hand and nodded, "I've got some better sun screen in the kitchen."

"OK then, we'll try that. It's probably better than this cheap shit!" She laughed and he followed her into the kitchen and watched her as she bent down into a cupboard. He watched her fabulous bum bobbing enticingly in front of him.

"Here it is!" she turned, held it up and shook it. "Just feel how good this is!" She moved towards him and sprayed a long burst over his chest and tummy.

Steve gasped in shock "Oh fuck, that's cold!" He gasped again as Jane put a hand up and slowly moved it, rubbing the cream into his chest, her fingers closing slightly on his sensitive nipples. She looked him in the eyes and a small smile came over her face, her tongue licked her full lips. 

"Mmmmm.....that feels really good" he murmured and looked intently back into her face. Her hand moved lower slowly onto his flat tummy, all the while continuing to devour him with her eyes. Her body moved ever so slightly closer to him.

Steve could feel the erotic tension rising. When her hand reached the waistband of his shorts, he could feel the tips of her fingers slowly creeping beneath the elastic. "I don't need any more.... there......." he whispered, "I've got to go for a swim!"

"Spoilsport!" she chuckled and stepped back. "Sarah was right"

"Right about what?"

"How fit you are, silly!" she looked coyly at him. "I don't get to see many bare chested men in my home."

Steve could feel his stomach in knots and he flushed once more in embarrassment. "We'd better get back to Sarah; she'll be thinking we're up to something"

"C'mon then" she said, with a look of disappointment. "You'd better get in that pool as soon as possible." Jane raised her eyebrows and nodded at the rigid hard-on she had created in Steve's shorts. "She'll get jealous!" She turned and tiptoed out back towards the pool. He watched her move provocatively in front of him, her pert bum swayed and she turned over her shoulder to tease him, by once again, smiling, raising her eyebrows and suggestively licking her top lip.



Steve hurriedly dropped the sun cream onto Sarah's lounger and quickly slid into the pool. The shock of the cold water quickly made his raging erection subside.

Jane lay next to Sarah and they started chatting again. "You've got a great place, you've done so well for yourself." said Sarah.

"It helps when you've had a rich husband"

"How often do you see him?"

"Enough......about once a month for a couple of days" They both grinned and raised their glasses to each other. "It was all part of the agreement anyway. I'd keep quiet, be his trophy wife who lived in their villa abroad, unseen. Every now and again he'll come down and inspect his 

property, let off a bit of steam."

Sarah looked across and her brow furrowed. "Don't you ever get lonely though?"

"Oh, not really, Paulo, the old gardener is around most days and the pool boy comes by every couple of days." Jane turned to look at Sarah with a mischievous grin. "He's only nineteen but he really looks after the pool .......and me as well, if you know what I mean." 

"Oh, I get it!" Sarah replied "A young fella to provide you with a good servicing on a regular basis!" Sarah laughed, closed her eyes and realised that her friend was still the same. Old habits die hard. She opened her eyes and they both watched Steve, both smiling as he swam lengths, his strong, athletic body coursing through the water.

"So.....how's it going with you and Steve?" Jane broke the silence.

"Great, we're both working stupid hours to pay the mortgage, but we have a great time together"

"He's quite a catch though, isn't he?"

Sarah smiled "Yeah.....he looks after me as well...if you know what I mean!" They both giggled. The sun and the drink were beginning to have an effect. A light hearted thought passed through Sarah's mind. "Do you know Dave....... Dave Jones?"

"What 'Dickhead Dave'? Isn't that Kate's boyfriend?"

"That's him"

They both sniggered some more. Jane lowered her voice. "I heard on the grapevine that he's .......erm..." she looked down at her glass, embarrassed. "Well endowed....."

Sarah paused but decided to press on, a smile curling on her lips. "Steve invited him round last night and he spent the night"

"Was he pissed...they only live down the road don't they?"

"Yeah, but he stopped over anyway...."

"What about Kate?"

"No....it was just Steve, Dave and little old me"

Jane got up onto her elbows and stared at Sarah. "What do you mean?"

"What do you think I mean? I caught them both watching dirty movies. It turned a bit kinky, things got a bit out of hand and yes, Jane.....he's hung like a fucking horse!"

J

ane sat bolt upright and almost shrieked "You didn't! Oh my God, Sarah......What....you....you... had a threesome!?"

"Maybe....."

"Oh fuck Sarah, that's so dirty!" Sarah remained straight faced and nonchalantly turned away from Jane's shocked face in silence. Jane carried on, suddenly concerned, "They didn't force you did they?"

Sarah looked back into Jane's eyes and smiled "No way...we were all up for it!" Jane just looked at her friend with an open mouth. Sarah reached down and started to rub the cream into her shoulders, her arms and then over her tummy and smooth legs.

"Christ....I can't believe it!" Jane said, "Give me some of that cream". Sarah passed it over. Jane, still with a little smile, smoothed some of the cool, white liquid into her own skin.

Steve heard the commotion coming from the girls, thinking that the champagne had gone straight to their heads. He stopped swimming and treaded water while looking at them, both reclining with smiles on their faces. Their brown, slick glistening bodies both looked stunning against the white loungers. He began to slowly breaststroke back towards them.

"I've got to go inside for a minute" Sarah said, getting up gingerly, still feeling the satisfying soreness from the previous night between her legs. She made her way back to the villa and turned briefly, catching Steve's eye while he swam up to the side and quickly winked at him and blew him a playful kiss.

Steve pulled himself out by the chrome steps, out of breath, water cascading down around him. He reached for his towel and started patting himself down, feeling the intense heat begin to burn once more on his exposed back. 

"Hi" he said to Jane.

"I hear you've been a naughty boy....." Jane murmured and turned to look at him, over her sunglasses.

"What do you mean?" He spluttered back, with a bemused grin, thinking how much she looked like a stern, but incredibly attractive, school teacher.

"You and Dave Jones......you two are disgusting!" 

Steve flushed and then it dawned on him why the two girls had been making such a noise.

"I've nothing to say...."

"Fucking an innocent young girl like Sarah. The two of you should be ashamed." She pushed her glasses back and couldn't help smiling. Steve was shocked but felt a little humiliated that Sarah had leaked their sordid secret.

Jane slowly sat up, shaking her head at him, still grinning. "You filthy.......dirty boys!" She turned, twisting round to face him. "Here.... Put some of this on for me" passing him the sun cream. She reached behind her back and unclipped her bikini top. Her pert breasts sprang out enticingly from her body, excited nipples poking upwards. "On second thoughts...... just give me the bottle" she whispered, as they both heard a door close and footsteps getting closer as Sarah returned.

Steve sat stunned as Sarah fell back into her recliner. They both couldn't help watching as Jane slowly arched her back and proudly massaged the cream into her firm, young breasts. Her pink, hard nipples, got some extra attention. 

"Well, I think I'll do that!" said Sarah sighing, quickly reaching behind her back and unclasping her top. Steve watched fascinated as his girlfriend's fabulous, full tits bounced into view. She turned to Steve and quietly said, with a smirk, "Perhaps you could rub some into me....?" 

Steve's cock started twitching away again.

"Well you two.....you do surprise me" Jane said in a low voice. She continued as she got to her feet, "Just remember that I'm very open minded and I just want you to know that lots of things, just about anything, and I mean....anything, goes on in this place behind the closed gates" She lifted her glasses onto her head and stopped inches away from Steve, her hands on her hips, breasts pushed out, talking down to them, "Just remember...... I mean anything....." She paused momentarily, flashing a big smile at them both and then made seductive eyes at Steve. "When we come back from our meal later, I think I'll go for dip in the hot tub" she pointed to a small private area in the corner of the garden.
