 This story can be read without having read the first part or as a sequel; it really is up to you. In the first story I had just received a pretty awesome blow job from my girlfriend Sally. Unknown to us Sally's flatmate and best friend Vicky had caught us at it. Vicky had not seemed too worried by the whole incident; in fact, I think she might have quite enjoyed it. 

*

'Don't mind me,' Vicky laughed, 'As I said glad to be of assistance.' 

I must admit to being a little embarrassed and quite a lot turned on. My cock however was still very much on display though not quite as hard. I noticed Vicky had not moved and was still watching us. Her eyes switching from Sally to me. She smiled at me as I self consciously pulled my shorts up.

'Sorry for watching, I never meant to, but I could not stop myself, you both looked so hot. I have never watched anyone doing that before.' Vicky said softly, almost shyly. She was blushing, which had turned her face a glorious dark pink. She cast her bright eyes down and shuffled her feet slightly.

'I don't think he minded one little bit.' Sally laughed, looking at me. 'And I actually found it exciting just knowing we could have been walked in on at any moment. What do you think Jim?

The girls looked at me. What could I say? I had found it all incredibly sexy and said as such. Who could blame me with two such fantastic looking girls? 

'Okay, guilty as charged,' I admitted, 'but can you blame me?'

The girls laughed before Vicky excused herself and left for work. She did some weekend waitressing at a local pizza place. 

Sally and I spent the day wandering round town buying some second hand books from the charity shops and generally just bumming about. We chatted happily about all sorts of things but somehow managing to ignore our sexual exploits in front of Vicky until we arrived back at the flat. 

'Maybe we should stick to sex in our room when Vicky is about.' I said.

'Yep, guess we should, though I must admit it got me pretty horny knowing Vicky was there.' Sally answered. 'And, don't you deny it but you were pretty bloody horny yourself.' She laughed as she lightly punched me on the shoulder.

I found it very hard to believe that Vicky was not with anyone at present. She is a real stunner, gorgeous figure and lovely face. With those mesmerizing big brown eyes, lovely little nose and cheeky smile she could probably have anyone she wanted.

Maybe it was true that the best looking girls just did not get chatted up because lads thought they would be fobbed off.

'I don't understand why she why she has no boyfriend, you must admit she is not bad looking.' I suggested.

'Not bad looking! She is gorgeous and you know it.' Sally replied. 'I know she did not have too good a time with her last boyfriend, he really blew her self confidence.'

We chatted about Vicky for a while longer before agreeing that as good friends we had to see if we could help her regain her self confidence. I could perhaps set her up with one of my mates. 

Vicky arrived back later that evening with a couple of large pizzas for us to share. We had changed into relaxed slobbing in front of the television clothes; I wore a t-shirt and baggy shorts, Sally had a long baggy t-shirt which came down to mid thigh and Vicky wore a loose t-shirt and leggings. No matter what the girls wore they still looked extremely hot. Sally had dimmed the lights and lit a few candles which created a comfortably relaxed atmosphere.

I popped the cork on a bottle of red wine and we settled down to watch the film, a romantic comedy dvd chosen by Sally. 

It was very relaxed, Sally and me sharing the sofa with Vicky in the big old armchair. The film had been quite funny and now on our second bottle of wine we were all cosy.

'So back to Uni tomorrow Jim, how are you two going to survive a whole week not seeing each other? Vicky questioned. 

'Actually, it will be two weeks, Jim has rugby next weekend and I have to visit my parents, my dad's birthday.' Sally explained. 'So I guess we shall just have to save ourselves for two weeks or amuse ourselves.' Sally winked at me.

'Yeah, two weeks is a long time, but I am sure I can save myself until I get back.' I laughed.

'You liar,' Sally said, grinning hugely at me. 'You can't go a day without it. I bet you'll be tugging tomorrow night.'

'Tugging?' Vicky started and then realising what Sally had meant looked over at me and laughed. 'Really, Jim so soon?'

'You bet he will, he can't go a day without sex of some sort, never mind two weeks or tell me I am wrong Jim.' Again Sally laughed and winked suggestively at me.

I was not going to confirm the fact, but yes I probably would be having one off the wrist but I answered with a question for Vicky instead.

'So no romance in your life yet Vicky, no secret lover you are keeping hidden from us?'

'I'm in no rush to find anyone, the right person will come along and sweep me off my feet, until then, I'll wait.' Vicky said and smiled.

'Don't you miss it though,' Sally paused, 'you know, the sex?'

Vicky laughed. 'You don't mess about do you, Sal? Straight out with the questions. Of course I miss the sex, who wouldn't. More so now, with you two bonking each other all over the place. You really know how to rub in the fact that I am alone at the moment.'

'Alone and horny.' Sally said. 'Sorry, we'll try and control ourselves. No more bonking when you are about, okay?'

'Oh, I'm not complaining, actually seeing you two at in earlier on was fun. I almost had to nip back to my room and treat myself.' Vicky smiled, and then went quite red. 'Sorry should not have said that, but wow you did look sexy. I've never seen anyone else at it before.'

I was actually quite surprised at the conversation the girls were having. I was also thinking back and imagining Vicky watching Sally giving me a blow job and fantasising about her slipping her hand under her knickers and stroking herself to orgasm while watching us. I was just wondering if I should maybe leave them to chat when Sally leant over and whispered something in Vicky's ear. They both looked at me and laughed.

'What?' I asked the girls. 

'I was just telling Vicky that you had also found her watching us a turn on,' Sally answered. 'In fact we had noticed you seem to be reacting quite positively to us even talking about it. Can't you control your thingy?'

I felt myself turning red as both Sally and Vicky made a point of looking at my crotch which was showing a tell tale bulge. Well I am only human and the girls were looking bloody good. My thoughts of Vicky masturbating had also contributed to my current erection. I had also been thinking of getting Sally alone so we could get back to having sex. I couldn't wait to get Sally into bed later. 

I decided to try and act all cool and unconcerned. I laughed. 'Well as I am sure I have said before I am only human. And we blokes can't always help it if our little fellow decides to make himself known.'

'Little fellow!' Vicky giggled. 'Does not look too little now, poor thing must be in pain cooped up in there.' 

'I may have to report you to the 'RSPCC' She giggled.

I obviously looked confused.

'The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Captive Cocks.' Vicky laughed.

'Poor thing, feeling all horny again?' Sally asked, laughing along with Vicky. 'Why don't you grab us another bottle of red and give him time to settle down.'

The girls giggled again at my expense as I nonchalantly stood up and fetched another bottle of wine from the kitchen, with an all too obvious hard on straining at my shorts.

I allowed myself a couple of minutes in the kitchen thinking of anything but sex to allow my erection to go down. When I returned it was to find the girls still on the topic of sex. Masturbating now being the topic of conversation. I topped up the glasses. The girls were drinking quite quickly, Sally certainly had a very slight lilt when speaking and Vicky had an excited flush to her cheeks.

'Don't mind Jim, he may learn something to help aid our flagging sex life.' Sally nudged Vicky. You haven't answered Vicky's earlier question Jim, so, will you be 'tugging' tomorrow?'

I smiled at them even though I was actually feeling a little bit embarrassed at the directness of their questioning. 

'Well okay as you asked nicely, yes I may do. It is allowed you know and proven to be healthy.' I answered.

'Healthy, oh really? So how often do you do it, you know masturbate? Vicky asked quietly. 

I felt myself go even redder, I looked at Sally, who was grinning hugely and looking straight at me. I was going to get no help from her.

'Yeah, tell us Jim, just how often do you wank, when you are away from me.' Sally questioned. She cocked her head giving me a slow wink of encouragement.

'Well it all depends on how I am feeling' I started.

'You mean how horny you are feeling'? Laughed Vicky.

'How hard you're feeling.' Added Sally.

The girls looked at each other laughed and looked back at me.

'Go on, do tell.' Sally, put on her little girls voice.

I was a little surprised at the openness of their questions. Sure I knew that Sally is really open when it came to sex but I was a little bit surprised that Vicky was so open. I had obviously misjudged her; maybe she was not as innocent as she looked.

I decided honesty was the best policy and it would be interesting to see where this took us.

'Ok nearly everyday, sometimes several times a day or sometimes I'll go for several days without, as I said it depends on how I feel.' I told them.

The girls looked at each other again and smiled smugly.

'Sounds about normal I reckon,' said Sally, 'I have to play with myself everyday or I think I would go mad. I definitely need at least a daily orgasm. Better still a good shag, with you of course Jim.' 

Sally blew me a big kiss and grinned. We both looked towards Vicky. 

'Come on Vicky your turn.'

'Once or twice maybe.'

'Once or twice a day, week or month, come on you can tell us.' Sally leant forward questioning.

'A day, once or twice a day. Sometimes more when you two are at it all the time. Happy now? Vicky answered.

'Yes thanks,' Sally was smiling from ear to ear clearly pleased with herself. 'So do you do it listening to us?'

'Sally.' I started. But I was actually interested in hearing Vicky's answer. 

'Sometimes, I do. Well you are not particularly quiet. And imagining what you are up to in the next room gets me pretty horny.'

'And hearing you tell how horny you find it listening to us kinda makes me feel horny too,' laughed Sally. 'What do you think Jim?'

I had to admit that the whole conversation was making me feel pretty hot. My erection was feeling tightly constrained. These two were definitely not holding back. As horny as I was feeling had I been alone I would have been jacking off right now.

'Vicky, knowing you might be masturbating next door as we are having sex is just so hot, actually just listening to you two talking about it is making me pretty damned hot.' I smiled at the girls. 

'I'll bet it is.' Sally laughed again. 'I bet you are just imagining Vicky with her fingers between her legs.'

Sally smiled again at Vicky. 'Jim and I like to watch each other masturbate, imagining you doing it while listening to us has probably made him as hard as rock. He loves it when I masturbate for him.'

'Jim likes to get me really turned on, then he'll take my hand and place it between my legs, letting me know he wants to watch me. The first time he did it, I felt a little odd about it, but the way it turned him on was enough to make me lose all sense of inhibition. He got off big time while watching me masturbate and the orgasm I had was definitely powerful!' Sally sighed reminiscing. 

We all laughed, we really were into new territory. Looking at the girls´ flushed faces and bright eyes I could see that they were as turned on as I was. Sally had her legs pressed tightly together and was squeezing her thighs together. A sure sign of her growing excitement. 

'Wow hot stuff Sal,' Vicky declared. 'I used like being watched masturbating by my boyfriend unfortunately he was not so keen to do it for me. Boring git.' She laughed.

'Poor you.' I said. 'Maybe one day.' 

'Yeah, I think it is so hot watching a guy jacking off while you watch. It is so.... I don't know, good fun, naughty but incredibly sexy.' Sally said. 'Once in college at a friends party I had this experience watching and being watched with several guys and two of us girls. The guys really get turned-on watching a girl masturbate and they also get off by jacking-off in front of a girl, at least in my experience.' Sally said then looked at me, wondering I think how I would take this new confession.

I could easily understand how exciting jacking off while watching several girls doing the same would be. Until now though I had never really thought I would be uninhibited enough to do it. But the way I was feeling at the moment, yeah I think I could do it.

'If the other girls were anything as gorgeous as you, who could blame them.' I said. Sally looked relieved and they both laughed.

'So what about it, Jim.' Sally smiled wickedly at me. 'Have you ever jacked off in front of anyone? Apart from me of course'

'Now that would be telling.' I replied. 'Actually no, no I have not, sorry Sally apart from you, no-one else.'

'Care to give me and Vicky a show.' Sally winked at Vicky.

Vicky looked wide eyed at Sally then at me in surprise, she then smiled widely.

'I suppose we were heading there anyway,' she said, 'come on Jim, I have always wanted to see a guy jacking off. And I think you probably could do with the release.'

I could not believe my ears. Here I was being asked by my girlfriend to jack off in front of her and her best friend. This was so surreal. But the girls were right, I was so hard that the thought of jacking off in front of them was like a dream come true. Sally and Vicky were just so damn gorgeous and totally hot.

'Go on I dare you. Or are you too chicken?' Sally challenged. She stretched out her hand and placed it on the bulge in my shorts. She caressed me lightly, feeling my erection pulse under her hand.

'Well, I think keeping this little fellow cooped up in here may be constricting the blood flow. We don't want any harm coming to him, do we? With that she took hold of my shorts and boxers together and tugged them down. Although a little surprised I did nothing to stop her. In fact I lifted up my hips to ease the process.

'Don't be shy babe,' she cooed 'Vicky won't mind, she has already seen it anyway.'

I looked at Vicky as my cock was released and joyously sprang into view. I was feeling really hard and just the thought of what was probably about to happen had made my cock feel pretty big. 

Vicky's nipples were clearly hard pushing proudly out from her pert breasts, straining against the t-shirt. She was looking directly at my quivering cock. I saw her lips part slightly and her tongue darted out to moisten them. It was an unconscious but highly erotic gesture that caused my cock to harden even more.

She looked up and caught me watching her reaction and once again I watched her cheeks flush red. She held my eyes and smiled before turning to Sally who had eased the shorts over my feet and tossed them aside. She sat back on her heels and reached out for my hand. 

She guided my hand to my cock. 'Stroke it for me and Vicky, go on we want to see you wank for us. Don't we Vicky?'

'Yes.' Vicky answered quietly.

Well I always responded to a challenge, and quite honestly I was feeling so horny I really did not need much encouragement. The girls moved together on the sofa and I stood just in front of them. 

I slowly started to caress myself running my hand over my cock and down over my balls.

'Move a little closer Jim.' Sally commanded. 'We want to see it close up.'

Vicky turned to Sally surprised. 'He has no hair on his balls.' 

'I know, sexy isn't it. I prefer it when a man shaves his balls. I used to hate getting pubes stuck in my throat.' Sally laughed. 

I had been a little surprised when Sally had asked me to shave my balls, but I much prefer it now. And more importantly so does Sally, which she is keen to show when she goes down on me. The girls were both sat side by side paying careful attention to me slowly jerking off in front of them.

I was rubbing my cock with my right hand while caressing my balls with the left. I had never done this in front of two stunning girls before and I was feeling incredibly turned on. I was already breathing heavier and could have quite easily cum very quickly indeed. I did not want to spoil things too quickly though, so I kept my strokes nice and slow while watching the girls watching me. 

Sally was slowly caressing her breasts through her t-shirt. I watched as she took her nipples between her thumb and index finger, she squeezed and rolled her nipples which were prominently hard. She was getting quite turned on herself. I would have liked to think it was just watching me but I think somehow Sally had planned things to go this way. She had already admitted to me during one of our fantasy sharing moments that she had always fancied getting it on with another girl and I know she fancied Vicky. 

I looked at Vicky who was also breathing quite heavily. Her beautiful pert breasts were heaving beneath her t-shirt. Her nipples also very obviously hard. She had her hands grasped together resting between her legs. 

'Wow, you really are excited, Jim. I don't think I have ever seen you looking this big. This is such a turn on. I am so wet.' Sally said quietly. 'Nice and slow Jim, wank your big cock. Wank yourself off for us, we want to see you cum.' 

I found Sally's dirty talk even more stimulation, not that I needed it. I was excited enough jacking off so close to them. 

I continued sliding my hand up and down my aching cock. The downward stroke exposing the angry bright red swollen head. I cupped my balls with my left hand, squeezing them gently. My breathing was sounding loud in my ears. 

I turned my eyes back to Sally who had slipped one hand under her t-shirt and was again playing with an erect nipple rolling it between finger and thumb. Her t-shirt had ridden up her legs so I could see her other hand had found its way between her legs and was stroking her pussy through her silky knickers. As I watched she looked me in the eyes and moved her hand under the knickers and continued to play with herself. Her hand moving up and down under the material. She moaned softly then quickly shifted sideways and indicated that I should come and sit between her and Vicky.

As I positioned myself between the girls Sally placed a hand on my thigh while continuing to stroke her pussy. 

'Let me help you,' said Sally. She moved her hand up my thigh and grasped my cock. She started moving her hand up and down slowly, taking over from me. I leaned back and watched Sally's hand expertly wanking me. 

Vicky had sat and watched without saying a word. I was wondering how she would react to this slight change. I need not have worried. Vicky moved a hand to my leg and slowly ran it from my knee towards my balls caressing softly. I held my breath as I waited to see if she would go any further.

'Help me finish him off Vicky, I think he is nearly there,' encouraged Sally.

Vicky smiled sweetly at me as her hand reached and fondled my balls. The girls then took turns jacking me off. I almost blew there and then when I felt Vicky's hand join Sally's. Having both of these gorgeous girls taking turns jacking me off was too much for me to hold off much longer. My breathing was racing and I could not hold back the orgasm when it burst. My cum spewed powerfully out of my cock as Sally's hand blurred up and down bringing me off. Vicky's hand was squeezing my balls as the orgasm ripped through me. I felt my hips jerking up and down uncontrollably. I don't think I have ever cum as powerfully before. I took hold of the girls hands, I could not take any more I was just far too sensitive. 
