 A series of stories about the pleasures of youth and the fun had during those glory years….

Story Two – One Distraction Too Many

"You!" yelled Coach. "Yeah, you," he added pointing to make sure I knew it was me he was talking to, "Drop and give me fifty!"

"Now!" he added in his steely baritone when he saw me hesitate.

I was on my hands in seconds after that, loudly counting out with every pushup.

"I don't give a good god damn what you pansy asses do on your own time, but you better listen to me when I tell you I won't take any shit this year!" Coach shouted in his usual blunt manner, deciding to take this moment to let us know, yet again, his opinion on the subject of sex, and the relationship between men and women in general, when it came to his football team, "Don't fuck with me. And no sampling the merchandise! Stop smirking at me Jameson. You know what I'm talking about. You wanna make doe eyes with the little misses upstairs, fine, but do it on your own time. For the next hour you belong to me!"

The response from the twenty guys running laps that morning was a resounding "Yes, Sir!"

Coach was a real hard ass, but since he was the winningest coach in the history of our school he practically got away with murder. I needed to be careful it wasn't my murder.

This was the start of football season and we were in a heavy rotation of training. He would typically warm us up in the gym before we headed off to the weight room for our workouts.

The girls liked to watch us.

Our gym was set up so that the one big gym (that was usually used for basketball) could be separated into two smaller courts for practices. One set of stadium bleachers was pushed back against the wall most of the time and the bleachers on the other side were actually located above the main floor like a mezzanine. A smaller practice court was located up there behind them, which the ladies teams usually used. Since it opened to a balcony overlooking our gym, right over the entrance to the hallway leading to the weight rooms, the girls would often come down and watch us work out.

Or the flirty ones would at any rate.

When I finished my fifty pushups, I stood up to complete my laps as was expected of me. The other guys were just wrapping up and most were walking off to the weight room. I glanced up at the girl who'd given me so much trouble.

She was still standing there.

Brenda Parker stared down into my eyes, a smirk playing on the edges of her lips. Finally, she moved away from the balcony to go back to her own practice court.

I winked back at her before she turned away and I started my last five laps around the gym.

Steve caught up with me, midway through his last lap.

"You see her checking me out, man?" I asked him, panting.

"Who?" he asked between breaths.

"The ice queen!"

"No fucking way man."

"On my honor dude," I told him.

I nodded to Steve in acknowledgement, winded and trying to reserve my breath for the jog.

The ice queen was the way most guys referred to the oh so virginal visage of Miss Parker. None of my posse would admit to having scored with her, because we all knew the cold shoulder is all any guy ever got when they asked her out. Strangely enough though, Todd Bryerson, the QB of the football team from the neighboring town, had admitted to me over beers one night last summer that she was a real hell raiser. Apparently a girl on his cheerleading squad was Brenda's cousin or some relation. To hear Todd tell it, she'd given him a cockstand like he'd never had before during an awesome threesome out back of Miller's Woods.

I could believe that. At least about the boner at any rate. One look was all it took.

Brenda is nearly as tall as I am. And I stand six feet, three inches tall. She had a long, lean body. The body a tennis star might have, just toned and slightly muscular, especially through the legs, with the tan to prove she'd spent her days in the summer sunshine. Her ass was firm and round and she sported a perky pair of breasts that were like firm round apples. She often wore these tight fitting blouses to class that showed them off to their best advantage.

Steve took a deep breath and followed his last comment, "Well, good luck dude. Think you can go where no man's gone before?"

"You know me," I wheezed, gasping for air.

"Yeah," he said, laughing as he broke into a fast walk, and slapped me on the back at the same time, "I do know you. You're our last hope, Obi Wan. If you can't do it, it can't be done."

With that sentiment he jogged off to the weight room. Most of the guys were already down the hallway with Coach barking orders at their heels.

"May the Force be with you too!" I said, calling after him as I continued on with my laps.

Skinner, our assistant coach, nodded to me as he too, took off down the hall.

"Coming to join us anytime soon, Marc my man?" he said.

"Jesus Christ," I said, really winded by now, "I'll be there when I get there!"

I still had two laps to go.

Skinner laughed at me, but his gaze too went thoughtfully up to the balcony, which was now empty. Knowing him the way I did, his thoughts had also been on the nubile young flesh that had been standing there earlier.

All the guys were aware that the girls watched, although with Coach, as I had just learned the hard way, if I'd had any previous doubts, it was an unwritten taboo that we weren't supposed to acknowledge the eyes that watched our sweaty bodies every afternoon in the gym. Every day it was the same. We'd finish our warm up routines and then strut back to the weight room, never acknowledging, but constantly aware of each eye giving us the once over. And we privately jostled and competed for the ones we were hoping to get lucky with.

Coach gave 'em a real show too, putting all of us through the paces: running, pushups, and sit ups. He made sure we got all worked up and had the blood pumping. Sweat pouring out of our bodies.

I think he thought pent up sexual energy was good for winning.

My last lap seemed to take forever, but I finished the last few feet from a slow jog to a quick walk and finally stopping at the water fountain near the exit. I splashed some water onto my sweat-covered face and pulled off my shirt to let the cool air at my overheated body. With one more drink from the fountain, I set off down the hall to the weight room, shirt in hand, to start the workout I was already late for. I could already hear the clang of weights and the guys joshing around from the open door ahead.

About half way down the hall though I heard a giggle. The noise echoing softly in the empty hall, mixing with the raucous noise of the iron plates on the weight benches.

I looked ahead to see if it was one of the guys, but realized instinctively that it couldn't be. None of them would have sounded…well…so like a girl.

A secondary corridor met up in a t-junction about five feet ahead. A break in the lockers along the edge of the hallway that led off to the equipment storage rooms.

Coming up to the entrance to the hallway, I saw none other than the ice queen herself, defrosting against a locker. She hadn't changed her clothes and she was wearing her tight team t-shirt and the short pleated tennis skirt that all the members of the girls tennis team wore. Looking all innocent she leaned back against the lockers, her two hands between her ass and the cold metal.

"Hey, darlin" I said, smiling at her, "Funny place for you to be hanging round."

"I get around," she said friendly, but nonchalant.

"I bet," I replied.

Like the stud I am, or at least try to be, I moved in close to her body. She didn't get shy or move away like she normally did. The sound of the metal plates from the weights reminded me that my presence was required elsewhere, but I couldn't resist taking this opportunity in hand.

With my free hand I propped myself against the locker in front of her, blocking her there. My face was dangerously close to hers as I leaned into her.

"I saw you in the gym earlier," I told her.

"That so?" she asked, smiling shyly.

"Yeah," I said.

"Were you checking me out?" I asked boldly.

"What do you think I was looking at?" she countered in return.

"Probably my ass," I said, sounding all self-assured, "I have a pretty decent ass, you know."

"Maybe I was," she replied indifferently.

"Did you like what you saw?" I asked my lips brushing against her cheek for a moment.

"Mmmm, maybe…" she murmured softly, as she reached up to stroke my free arm right where my bicep met the shoulder muscles, "Listen Marc, I was wondering…."

I didn't let her continue though; my mouth had been pressed so close to hers, my nose had been brushing against the edge of her cheek. Having found no resistance, I continued until my mouth was nuzzling in her neck. My other hand dropped the shirt I was holding and once empty instinctively moved in to take her breast in the palm of my hand, gently squeezing it through the material of her shirt as I felt her up.

"Yes?" I murmured.

"Oh, that feels so good," she sighed, her train of thought having been derailed for a moment.

Since her mouth was shut for a minute it seemed such a waste it just being so unoccupied.

I cupped her neck with my free hand, bringing her mouth up to meet mine. Her lips were sweet, with just a hint of salty sweat from her earlier workout. In fact her whole body was covered in a soft sheen of moisture.

Maybe it was from excitement?

When I broke away from her mouth to go back to her neck, it gave her another opportunity to speak.

"I was talking to Jen Franklin the other day," she said, intermittently interrupted by my insistent kissing on her neck and shoulder, growing more familiar against her skin.

"She told me you guys went out a couple time last year," she continued.

I grunted my acknowledgement. My tongue was probed the delicate edges of her earlobe. My hand slipped from the cushion of her breast, down her waist and over her ass, coping a hell of a feel as I went. I would have told her anything she'd wanted to hear at that point as long as she didn't make me stop. I couldn't believe the luck I was having.

"Well she and Heather Marshall and, oh, that's nice…oh, right there," she breathed into my ear, as I found a sensitive spot.

Heather Marshall, I thought, the bitch that blew the whole basketball team last year? Where was she going with this? I'd first slipped it to Heather at a Halloween party last year, but she was a pretty well used hole anyway, so I didn't count it among my major achievements. She and I fucked a couple times since then. Mostly when I was in too much of a hurry to find a better hole.

What the hell did all this have to do with me?

Feeling really emboldened I decided to get my hands under Brenda's skirt before she changed her mind.

Just then two things happened at pretty much the same time.

First Brenda said, "Is it true, what they say? That you're the thickest guy at school?"

As if that wasn't enough to get my attention, I had been slipping my hand up the length of her thigh and under the hem of her skirt. My hand stopped as she spoke, my fingers curling into the flesh of her ass and her moist pussy lips.

She wasn't wearing any panties.

I pulled back and lifted her skirt. Her little pussy was neatly clipped and glistening with damp.

"Well what have we got here?" I asked Brenda, my thoughts clearly on her cunt lips.

My finger slipped into that twat before I even realized what I was doing. Damn fine instinct. Her pussy enveloped my index and middle fingers as they quested around her moist hot flesh.

Without saying a word she reached down and pushed her hand into my gym shorts, pushing them down so that she could get her fingers around my stiff cock.

My thumb massaged the clit that poked out from between her lips, all stiff and swollen.

"It certainly feels big," she said, cock in hand.

"Do you want to find out just how big?" I asked.

"Not here," she murmured.

Suddenly she let go of my cock, leaving me breathless. Taking hold of my hand under her skirt she deftly maneuvered around me and headed off down the side hall to the equipment rooms.

The door was unlocked and she led us in.

It was a matter of seconds before we were crushed against each other, surrounded by towels and sports equipment.

I got on my knees on the cold floor, between her legs, my hands pressed against her thighs, pinning her against the shelf. My tongue traced the elegant shape of her pussy and caressed the insides of her thigh muscles, teasing her. Her smell was strong, and getting stronger. I wanted to taste her.

Stiffening my tongue I gently stuck it in between her lips. I looked up at her face, as her hips jerked to my touch. Her head had rolled back as my ministrations became more insistent. She started to purr like an engine running. And then, after some persistence, I was treated to the first flood of her cum. I drank from her like a cup, savoring the sweet nectar. My tongue flat against her pussy lips and I lapped up and down, parting her fleshy lips, capturing every drop. My lips found the engorged clit and I wrapped my tongue around it too, sucking.

She let out a long low moan of pleasure, her hands against my hair, pressing me into her. Then she cried out for more.

I got my tongue into a long round tube, and slipped into her as far as I could go, trying to fuck her slit with my mouth. Her hands went from my head to play with her tits.

She jerked her body and arched her back as another wave of orgasm hit her, bathing my face in her satisfying pussy fluids. She stroked every conceivable part of her body in pleasure as the last jolt of it racked through her body. I looked up at her smiling face and knew that it was soon to be my turn.

This time she wasn't going to be deterred by the exposure of the hallway.

I stood up to face her and she brought my face to hers. Her tongue cat-like lapped up her own juices from where they coated my mouth and chin.

"My turn," I said to her.

Hastily, I pulled off her t-shirt and with one practiced hand removed her sports bra. Her little firm tits spilled out down her chest, and she pushed her skirt to the floor. I neatly stepped out of my own shorts, and we stood there like Adam and Eve, naked as the day we were born, except for the presence of our tennis shoes.

"All this time we thought you were a good girl," I said, "I should've believed Bryerson when he said you were the biggest slut in three counties."

She smiled at me, grabbing my cock at the same time, "Now listen, stud, I wouldn't go that far. At least not in this county!"

I gasped as she gave my meat an experimental tug.

"And I should have listened to Julie Shafer sooner," she went on coyly, "She said you were good, and the biggest guy on the football team."

She pushed me back onto a bench that was up near the end of a shelf. I sat down, her fingers still working my dick.

"She should know," I stated, looking into her eyes, "She fucked us all last year."

After a pause to savor her ministrations, I added, "So what stopped you anyway?"

This girl was making miracles happen with just her thumb, which was firmly planted under the front of my mushroom tip, and her forefinger, massaging a really sensitive spot.

"You think I just want to spread it around here? So you and the other guys can compare notes with Bryerson and the rest of the Spartans?"

"Ohhh, damn," I groaned, "I'm gonna need to cum soon if you keep that shit up."

"Not yet," she said, "That's the best part."

Climbing up onto me, she sat down on my lap, straddling me on the bench. My cock was now free from her hand and it poked up into the empty air between us, alone and desperate for attention.

She placed her hands on my shoulders for balance and ground her pussy against my lap.

Her lips rubbed against the underside of my cock again and again, but came no closer to the action I was nearly frantic for.

My right hand snaked down to jerk my cock, all the while holding it as close to her pussy as I could get.

"I want to feel you from the inside," I begged her, "Please!"

She was getting off on her control and I could feel her pussy flood with dampness again as its moisture seeped out to cover my shaft, dripping down towards my balls. I took her firmly by her lower back and forced her closer to me. Now her pussy was pressing firmly against my shaft.

"It's not nice to tease the animals," I murmured.

A sudden surge of testosterone filled me with male urgency, as my balls filled with cum. I needed release soon or I was going to have a hell of a pair of blue balls.

Sensing my need, she took my cock from my hand and pressed the tip gently inside her pussy opening. I leaned back on the bench, watching her position herself above me and on me. Then I felt the magnificent sensation of penetrating those full, rich lips as my engorged dick, at nearly ten inches of solid, thick meat, slid inch by incredible inch up that nice, narrow passage. She still felt amazingly tight for a slut who had taken on as many men as Bryerson had claimed.

And judging from her reaction to me she was obviously a size fiend.

"Oh, yeah, baby," she said in my ear, "Oh, that's right. Yeah, you bastard, stuff that big cock inside my little cunt. Stretch me out."

"Oh God, bitch" I growled at her in response, still forcing my way inside, "You're so tight, you're the tightest cunt I've ever had."

I was lying to her, but not by much.

Her own weight brought her to bear all the way down. What seemed like an eternity actually only took a few seconds. But soon my little man was buried in her steamy fissure.

"You're so big, stud," she moaned enticingly.

She started to move her ass up and down on my cock, pumping me, at first slowly and then faster and faster.

"Tell me how much you like it," I begged.

Brenda worked herself up into a complete frenzy. She ground up and down, milking me, pulling up to the end of my tip and then sitting back down hard. I grabbed her ass to help her control her movements. Then I began to match her movements with my own careful thrusting. The intense pleasure of her pussy throbbed around me.

"You bad boy!" she cried out, "You're so hard. You're breaking me apart. Oh, fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! FUCK!"

We had both broken out in sweat, glistening from our exertion in the stuffy, unventilated room. But nothing was stopping this girl as she slammed up and down on top of my prick. I watched her damp breasts bounce up and down in front of my face. Taking one in hand, I buried my face in her chest, tugging and stroking the soft flesh with my lips and teeth.

Then I felt that magic feeling in my balls.

All this excitement had diminished my staying power beyond belief. Fortunately, I must've been working the special spot inside Brenda, because she started to cum again, and I felt her convulsions on my cock at the same time I watch the white liquid pour out down my shaft.

"Oh, god, Marc!" she screamed in pleasure, "Oh, yeah, right there. That's it, yeah, right there."

"I cumming inside you," I said just as quickly, unable to hold back any longer, "Jesus Fucking Christ, Brenda, I'm cumming."

She was still being hit with the last pulses of her orgasm, as I felt my balls let loose and my load begin to spurt out inside her cunt.

My cock thrust inside her until the last remaining drops came out. When her orgasm was also finished she came to rest on my lap, my cock still lodged inside her. I was a teenage buck and I didn't feel the least bit tired. Looking into her eyes, I felt myself start to stiffen up again inside her before I'd even gone soft. I was ready for another round.

"What changed your mind?" I asked her, after catching my breath, "Why'd you bring me in here?"
