 A series of stories about the pleasures of youth and the fun had during those glory years...

Story Nine -- Can't Say No

After listening to Carolee Donahue sing another chorus of "I Can't Say No" from that year's spring musical: Oklahoma!, I pulled my baseball cap down a little further to hide my eyes, sighed and prayed that I wasn't going to throw up.

Looking out the door I could see several members of the baseball team heading down the hall to go practice for Saturday's game. I quickly turned and walked backstage so that they wouldn't see me and I wouldn't have to speak to them.

Man, trying out for the spring musical had seemed like a good idea at the time. After all, I'd been banging Carolee for two months. Pretty much since I'd won my division at the state wrestling championships. On the football field I was excellent, if no quarterback, but on the mat I was phenomenal. Carolee had been so hot for me at the time; there was no way I was going to turn that down. When an injury sidelined me from the start of baseball season, I'd willingly taken a part in the chorus line for the musical just so I could be a little closer to her. She had beautiful, full tits with large ripe nipples and a hairy bush hiding between her round, creamy thighs. I wanted to be near that, and in that, as often as possible. And I mean I may be a jock, but I could hold my own on stage and carry a tune. I got my fine tenor voice from my Irish grandfather.

Yeah, it had seemed like a good idea at the time.

Of course, the best laid plans always go wrong. Carolee hadn't gotten the part she wanted, which really was no surprise in retrospect. A new girl to the school, Jolene, had snapped the part right out from under her. It isn't easy to go from lead three years running to second fiddle. But Jolene had a set of pipes that would make a professional singer jealous. And she also had another set of pipes if you catch my drift. She was a dark haired, doe eyed good looker.

No doubt about that.

I just hadn't bargained for a girlfriend who was going to act like she was premenstrual 24/7. I made a mental note that it was a good idea to stop nailing actresses in the future. Way too much drama on stage and off. And I discovered that when Carolee got angry, she got focused.

Sex was no longer on her priority list.

Another wistful sigh passed uncontrollably from my lips, and that was another sign to me that I'd rather be out on the field with my buddies getting dirty than line dancing in the theatre.

"Heya, Marc," said Ryan Ford, coming up to me and giving me his big puppy dog grin.

Ryan was what we at school called a drama geek. But he was a real good guy. I liked him and we'd always been on friendly terms in the halls or in class, and we'd gotten along well working on the musical over the last few weeks. For a theatre person, he seemed pretty ripped up. Guess working out for ballet really paid off for him. I'd tried several times to get him to go out for one of the athletic teams at school, preferably one of the ones I lettered on: football, wrestling or baseball. Hell, I also played lacrosse, hockey and rugby. But Ryan never took me up on the offer. He never really wanted to hang out with the guys too much either.

So naturally I'd always assumed he was kinda queer.

"Hey dude, how's it hanging?" I responded sullenly.

"I never understand why you jocks use that expression," he said, a little too animated, "Look, I just wanted to let you know that Mrs. Miller called off work on our scenes tonight, so you're free to go home early if you want."

"Great," I said, again with less enthusiasm than I'd intended.

My buddies Steve and Greg were also on the baseball team, and consequently both at practice. There were a few guys that I could have called to hang out with, but I was taking some shit for agreeing to add my voice to the musical. While they were all cool with it, that didn't mean they couldn't use it as an excuse to rag on me. And I didn't really feel like listening to it tonight.

"Carolee's got to rehearse tonight though," he added, then after seeing my face added, "You sound a little down."

"Yeah, man," I said, "I guess it's just been one of those weeks."

He nodded sympathetically, and then put his hand conspiratorially on my shoulder.

"Look," he said, "I know that we've never really hung out or anything outside of school, but a couple of us are going back to my place to order a pizza and maybe watch a movie. You're welcome to come along if you want."

When I made no immediate response he added hastily as if really thinking through what he'd just asked me, "But if you're busy or something don't worry about it. I mean I understand."

He was trying politely to give me a way out. And I admit hanging out with members of the drama club was not exactly my idea of a good time, but beggars can't always be choosers, can they?

"Sure, man," I said, after a pause, "That'd be cool. Why don't I follow you over in my truck?"

"Great," he said, "Just give me a second and we'll head over."

I wrote Carolee a note and stuck it on her backpack. She was ass deep in choreography and I knew there'd be no way to get her attention before it was time to go.

When I met up with Ryan there were a couple other guys with him, Jesse and Trevor. And one girl: Jolene. My eyebrows rose a little when I saw her. We hadn't really been introduced yet, but I'd caught her checking me out on more than one occasion, and I hadn't missed the fact that she'd even been to a couple of my matches during the season.

I didn't say anything to Ryan about the make up of the company.

The ride to Ryan's took about a half hour as he lived away from the school out in the country a ways. We met his parents going out as we were arriving; apparently they were off to some dinner thing. They seemed nice and moderately wealthy, judging by their home, and I assumed that they probably moved in the same circles my own parents did.

Although I'd never met them before.

We settled in on the couches and shot the shit for awhile, drank some sodas and laughed a lot. It felt good to laugh. The drama geeks and I were pleasantly surprised to find that we had all kinds of things in common. Then pizza arrived and the sun started to go down. Jolene reached for the remote and flipped through the channels.

"Who wants a beer?" Ryan asked.

"You drink beer?" I asked him stunned.

"Yeah, of course I do," said Ryan, "Why? Don't you? I thought all you jocks drank beer."

"I'll have one," said Jolene.

"Uh, yeah," I stumbled, "I guess I will have one."

Jesse and Trevor both decided to try a little something other than soda too.

"Good that's settled then. Hey, Marc," Ryan asked, "Can you come and give me a hand with the beer, it's in the garage?"

"Sure," I told him.

I got up and followed him out to the garage.

When we got there, he grabbed a six pack from the shelf and, turning, asked me, "So what do you think about Jolene?"

"What do you mean?" I responded.

I knew as soon as I said it that I sounded clueless. He apparently had higher expectations from me, no doubt based on my reputation as a player.

"You know," he said, all shit eating grin, looking very mischievous, "In the horizontal, I want to fuck your brains out, kind of way."

"I think she looks pretty good," I replied, still perhaps a little unsure of where this was all going.

I felt like I was going to get punked at any minute.

"Is that all?" he asked, disbelievingly.

"No, I think she's got an ass built for fucking and a mouth built for sucking," I said, "How's that?"

"Much better," he replied, satisfied, "I think she's pretty hot too."

"You do?" I asked and again could have smacked myself on the forehead for sounding clueless.

"Yeah," he said low and dirty, after setting the beer down, putting his hand on an imaginary ass, and mimicked humping the air like he was doing a girl doggy style.

"I like my pussy fresh and wet," he added with a low growl, eyes closed.

So much for being kinda queer. My whole evaluation of Ryan was changing rapidly, as he gave an impression that would be more befitting of a locker room.

"Not all you jocks get to have all the fun you know."

"So I gather," I said in wonder.

"Of course," he said, "The question is are you up for it?"

"Up for it?"

"You know..." he said conspiratorially, "Up for it. Willing to put your dick where her mouth is, so to speak?"

"Dude," I said, "I'm seeing Carolee."

"That's a little disappointing jock strap," he said, "Cause I'd heard that you had the most points in the local pussy posse. I thought tonight we might have the chance to add one more."

He was referring to a small, exclusive league of dudes, including myself, who had put together a small group for fun and games. The only goal of course was to see who could have sex with the most women before graduation. Inventiveness was encouraged. But you had to bring back proof in the form of panties and a credible witness who could confirm you literally closed on the deal. Preferably another member of the posse itself, but in a pinch an outsider would do. I know it was incredibly juvenile and demeaning to the women, but we never forced any of them.

And to tell the truth I think they liked being pursued.

I had scored around thirty-six verifiable points according to the rules, covering girls in three counties. Although I'd scored nearly twice as many including fucking without the benefit of the necessary witnesses. The trouble was I took time off to actually date women. We all did more or less. I was doing more than all right, but I think I could have been legendary though if I'd been more dedicated to the art of the one night stand.

"Listen ballet boy," I said puffing out my chest and my pride, "I'm down anytime, anyplace. If you got the pussy, I'll make the time."

"That's just what I wanted to hear," he said, grin restored, "Because the time is now, and the place is here. I've got the pussy in the living room with Jesse and Trevor."

"So how do you want to play it ballet boy?" I asked him.

"I think it'll play itself. Trevor and Jesse are so horny they'd fuck their own sisters, but they're virgins all the way. We just need a few good men to show them how it's done."

That was enough for me. We took the beer back into the living room.

When we got there we found that Jolene had put the porn channel on, but it was locked out and the picture wasn't coming through.

"How do you get this to work Ryan?" asked Jolene.

Ryan gave me a look as if to say: What did I tell you? He walked over on the couch and sat next to Jolene.

"I see you guys have been busy looking for good quality viewing material. Let me show you how to unlock it," he murmured.

In a flash we were watching tits and ass cavorting with thick, young dicks and we were loving it. 

After about twenty minutes, Ryan had managed to maneuver his arm up on the back of the couch. It was not quite around Jolene. Yet. But it could be the second he was ready to make a move. I sat over on the easy chair, near the couch. Trevor and Jesse had moved to the floor for a closer view of the television. We were all talking porn and cracking jokes about willing women and well endowed men.

"So, Marc," Ryan asked me, casually putting his arm up on the couch, "Do you like porn?"

"Yeah, man," I replied, not taking my eyes off the screen.

"What about you?" he whispered in Jolene's ear.

He spoke so softly that I could barely hear him.

At that moment his arm came down around Jolene. She didn't move away, snuggling into the crook of his shoulder instead.

He whispered something else in her ear. This time too low for me to understand. But my attention was pulled away from the screen to watch his free hand slide down her thigh and caress her pussy through her blue jeans. 

She was definitely hot for it and she melted against his body. Her attention was fixed on him totally. Their lips locked together, tasting each other's tongues. Then her left hand snaked down to the zipper of his jeans, so that she could get her much needed satisfaction.

The time was ripe and Ryan was taking advantage of it.

He was clearly feeling some pressure in his pants, so he helped Jolene to unzip his jeans. If that hadn't been enough to get the attention of Jesse and Trevor, the fact that Jolene's was now moaning certainly was. She slipped down to the floor, kneeling in front of Ryan and took his exposed cock into her mouth.

On her knees she was an even more beautiful sight with that ass waving in the air.

"Take off your jeans," Ryan instructed her.

Jolene reluctantly pulled away and stood up to face him, her back to the rest of us. In the sexiest possible way she peeled off her tight fitting jeans.

If her ass in jeans was a sight to behold, her ass out of those same jeans would have made even the angels weep for joy. I felt like a sailor catching sight of dry land for the first time in months. And, oh, what was waiting for me on that heavenly shore. 

But Ryan wasn't finished yet. His careful eye appraised her body from top to bottom, and I saw that his gaze clearly lingered on the space between her thighs. His lascivious grin told me exactly what he thought of what he saw.

"Take off your shirt," he intoned again.

She ever so slowly complied with his instructions until she was only in her white bra and panties.

I let out a long, low whistle of appreciation.

"Damn," was all I head from Trevor.

Jesse apparently was speechless.

Ryan's cock was at full mast, filled out, and even though he was just above average, especially compared to me, it was long and thick all the same. Jolene took to it with a will and bent in to give him a real thorough oral examination.

He pushed her head down on top of him to make sure that she was giving it her all, and he let his head fall back in contentment. His famous puppy dog grin, once again plastered on his face, had by now taken on the aspects of a hound dogger's leer.

And meanwhile Jolene was sucking him like a vacuum.

No wonder he had an expression like that.

Jesse, Trevor and I all watched with interest, our minds no longer on the television screen.

I saw her pussy and that's what captivated me the most. I was fairly certain that Trevor and Jesse weren't queer, because Ryan had obviously invited them. But from their reaction to recent events I was equally certain that neither of them had ever seen a live woman before in the state of undress that Jolene was in.

That's when I decided to make my move and take matters into my own hands. Quite literally.

Her ass was just there. Man, it was so nice, so round, so inviting. It was calling to me: Marc, don't you want a piece of this flesh? And I did. Very much so. It had been at least three weeks since Carolee had put out anything for me. I don't like table scraps and I'm not a man that usually has to beg for his supper. But I'd been so busy that it actually hadn't occurred to me what state my balls were in. Man, they were aching for some action. They had a word with my dick, and suddenly I realized I was ready to go.

So I went on a recon expedition to see what was out in there in the jungle.

I got down on my hands and knees and I prowled over to where she was and sniffed at the luscious smell coming out of her pussy like a dog. Her pussy was covered with her lacy underthings, but I licked at it through the fabric anyways. And her juices were fresh. She must have been red hot, because my tongue was like a lightening rod and I could feel her subtle convulsions. My hand went up on her ass to serve the dual purpose of steadying myself and feeling the firm, yet supple flesh.

Oh, I could most definitely have died happy right then and there.

But there was no need for such a drastic act. The juices were good, but I wanted to taste flesh. Pushing aside the panties, her treasure was revealed to me in all its naked glory. My tongue confirmed what my dick could have told me in time: Her flesh was firm and parted to reveal a long, dark tunnel that was any young, straight man's wet dream.

It was a thing of joy and a thing of beauty.

The thing that provides the response which make us men.

I sucked on it. I used all the skill that I'd acquired in my years of sexual intimacy. Every trick. Everything. And I was rewarded with her juices flowing on my chin. And Ryan was rewarded when she sucked his dick ever so much harder as a result. Even Trevor and Jesse got something out of it, because watching a live show is its own reward.

Oh, God! I could have remained like that forever. Eating her juices, sucking her little button and pulling her flesh into and out of my mouth. Tasting her again and again. Some guys just like to get their dicks waxed, but I've often thought that those guys, who can't appreciate the taste of pussy, and the act of cunnilingus, are missing out on whole avenues of pleasure.

Sometimes it truly is better to give than to receive.

But at the same token, a woman who can only cum by being eaten out has never experienced my dick before.

Now I don't like to brag...no wait a minute, I'm a southern man, of course I like to brag...but my monster cock can give a woman a ride like she's never had before. And my cock was aching for glory.

It was time for a little tit for my tat. She'd received her pleasure. I knew she'd cum already, because I'd tasted it.

Then I heard Ryan tell me, "Fuck her man."

As if I needed incentive.

The other guys had their cocks out by now, but I wasn't going to leave this poor pussy to the likes of two back woods virgins, neither of whom measured more than half way up a ruler. No, this was a delicate flower that needed to be treated right. Maybe back then I wasn't as suave and steady a lover as I am now. But I made up for it with passion, a zest for inventiveness and a willingness to learn.

I stood up and pulled off my t-shirt, revealing my muscular body, powerful and shredded from my hours spent in the school gym and on the playing field. Let all these fuckers see a real jock stud in all his glory. I then undid my belt, unbuttoned my jeans and stepped out of them. All that remained were my boxers. With a need for speed, they sailed off onto the floor as quickly as my outerwear had. I would like to tell you that I revealed my pride and joy slowly to a stunned audience, but frankly I'd been at full mast for a few minutes and I didn't think I could wait for the applause.

When Jolene felt my hands on her ass, she peeked around from her labors to see me edged up behind her. My cocky confidence was on display as I brought my dick up to her backside. I let it lie there against the crack of her ass basking in the luxuriating warmth. The moment was to be savored as I quivered with anticipation for the time when I would have her first. Despite my callous attitude in the manner in which I actively seduced as many chicks as possible, I consider it a great honor when a woman allows me take pleasure in her body, and thereby return the favor to her.

I know that I can't say no to a willing pussy, because I just love women too much.

My fingers slipped down her crack and pulled apart her delicate lips, providing a compelling entrance for that part of me that was about to set forth on its urgent business.

"Holy shit!" I heard Jesse exclaim as he saw what was actually about to happen.

Jolene smiled at me. Taking in every detail of the size of my cock with her eyes, but saying nothing, and then she returned to Ryan who watched us all with the benevolent patience of a man who knows he's going to get everything he wants.

My dick was large and heavy, and after a few initial failed attempts to enter her chamber, I used my free hand to guide the way. Soon my mushroom head was lodged where it needed to be. Without effort my big cock began pushing into her. The other two boys on the floor had gotten up and stood around watching me plunge my cock deep into her cunt, inch by inch, her recent cum providing the necessary lubricant, until slowly I'd completely filled her.
