 Chapter 1

"Hey, wake up, sleepy head!" Sarah whispered into his ear and kissed his cheek.

"Urggggh" Steve groggily opened his eyes "What's up?"

"Nothing" she smiled, running the flat of her hand over his well-built chest "Did you have a good sleep?"

"Yeah, I needed that...what time is it?"

"Half past eight"

"What!?"

"Yeah, you've been out for hours."

"Oh God, sorry!" His eyes flickered back to life. He yawned. "We've got to go out haven't we?"

"Yeah, but Jane says we don't have to be too early...we've got all night" She kissed him again and rose to walk to the bathroom "I'm having a shower and getting changed." Steve watched her through his still sleepy eyes, her naked body silhouetted by the bathroom light from the darkened room. He smiled contentedly to himself, putting his hands behind his head, watching her, her legs, her gorgeous ass, her curvy hips as the shower roared into life.

He showered, shaved, towelled then pulled on his jeans and reached for his t-shirt on the bed. He felt refreshed, clean and ready for the night. Sarah sat on the other side of the room wearing just her t-shirt, carefully applying her lipstick. She looked into the mirror at him. "Steve?" she asked.

"Yeah"

"What's Dave doing next Saturday?"

"Why?"

"Oh nothing...just wondered" she said innocently, turning back to the mirror and putting the lipstick to her lips. She paused, "It's just that..."

"What?"

"It's just that... that...you know..." She glanced at her boyfriend again and saw the smile curling up on his face. 

"What?" He said.

"I thought we could invite him round for a drink or two and then..."

"Wait and see" he winked at her, knowing full well a drink wouldn't be the end of it. "C'mon let's get moving, I think Jane's waiting."

Chapter 2

Jane was waiting for them at the same place in the kitchen, leaning against the sideboard, a large glass of white wine in her hand. Steve noticed the provocative, tight, black, thigh length dress she was wearing, displaying her fine curves. "I'm looking forward to tonight!" he winked at Jane, making no effort to conceal his lust.

"Yeah, but we've got to go out first, you horny devil!"

Sarah chirped in "Hey! You two!" and playfully slapped her boyfriend on his shoulder blade.

Jane took a sip from her glass and then frowned at the both. "Erm...I thought you were going to make an effort tonight!"

"What do you mean?" Sarah replied.

"Well, I thought you'd wear something a bit smarter. I know you're on holiday, but, c'mon, we've got to keep up appearances!"

"I've got nothing to wear, and neither has Ste"

"Yes you have!" Jane pointed at Sarah, "You're coming with me!" She strode over, grasped her by the wrist and pulled her towards her bedroom. Sarah protested but smiled and reluctantly followed. The two girls paused and Jane turned back to Steve, "I'll leave you to find something a bit better to wear, you must have something?" 

They walked into the bedroom and Steve was left alone in the kitchen, bemused, as Jane's bedroom door slammed shut.

He went back to his own bedroom, pulled the suitcase from the floor, searching for something suitable. Fuck it, he thought and grabbed his jacket and the shirt he had worn the previous night. The jeans were staying on. That'll do, that'll look smart. He smiled smugly at himself in the mirror as he eased his arms into his jacket, feeling proud and horny. Horny about what was to come. He brushed the fluff off from his jacket, walked back to the kitchen and searched for a bottle of lager in Jane's tall fridge. The girls were suspiciously quiet in the room down the corridor so he sat at the table and waited. 

He phoned Dave on his mobile to organise their next weekends entertainment.

Half an hour went by, it was almost dark outside. Steve looked up from the newspaper and took another slow sip of his second beer. He could now hear the girls giggling and talking animatedly. "That's so wrong!" he heard Sarah shriek excitedly.

"No...it's fine...you'll see!" Jane replied and the bedroom door opened. She quickly walked out, closing the door behind her and across to Steve, a huge grin on her face. "You'll love what she's put on Ste"

"Why?"

"You'll see!" She bent down, kissed him on the lips and whispered in his ear "Don't forget where I put that oil before Ste...don't forget about later..."

"Jesus!" he muttered and reached to take another gulp from his bottle. His eyes watched as she put her long middle finger behind her and slid it down her back and over her shapely ass. She smiled seductively with a lingering look and arched her eyebrows at him. 

"You promise?"

"Yeah." An erection buzzed in his pants.

"I'd better go and get Sar, then we'll head out.

Chapter 3

The door opened slowly and Jane appeared first. "Now... this girl... your girlfriend... looks...well, she looks as fit as fuck!" She turned her head and let Sarah brush past her and walk slowly into the room.

Steve's chin hit the floor. His eyes opened wide.

"I look like a real slut!" Sarah gasped with an embarassed smile. The dress she wore was the most erotic he had ever seen. Very short, very tight, it barely covered her bum. Her breasts, full and pert, were squeezed into an uplifting bra,creating a stunning cleavage. He looked down once again at her legs. Thigh high, hold up stockings, a glimpse of her bare provocative skin, peeped below the short hem of her dress.

"Jesus, No way!" he mumbled, taking in her beauty and also how much of a tease she was.

"Does she look good Ste?" Jane asked, "Does she excite you as much as she excites me?" She held his hand and squeezed as they admired her."Fuck, she looks hot! God...you are a lucky boy...I bet all the other boys will be wanting her tonight!" 

He nodded and smiled, not taking his eyes off his girlfriend. "Show him your panties!" Jane called across to her.

"No...I can't!" Sarah said quietly, looking nervously at them under her long eyelashes. Her face flushed in embarrassment.

"Oh go on!" Steve insisted with a dirty smile. "Give us a peek!"

"Oh Christ, alright then" she said meekly and slowly lifted her tight dress to reveal a very revealing pair of black lacy panties, the front of which consisted of only a string of pearls pressed snugly between the shaved, inviting lips of her pussy.

"Fuck me!" Steve's mouth dropped.

"If that doesn't make you hard then nothing will" Jane whispered again in his ear "I can't wait until we get back later"

"Uh huh" said Steve, already aroused.

"I can't go out like this!" Sarah whined, "I look like a whore!"

"No you don't!" retorted Jane, her brow furrowing "Look Sar, I'm serious, you're on holiday...does anyone know you...does anyone know where you come from?

"No"

"Well then, you can't hide how good you look" she turned to Steve to seek his affirmation. "Can she?"

"Erm, no!" he replied, his face still unable to hide how tempting his girlfriend looked. Sarah definitely knew his weakness...showing off her sexy ass in some pretty panties and some thigh highs and high heels. He loved it when she dressed up. She usually only dressed this daring for him at home as a treat, on his birthday or weeks ago when he'd just a promotion at work. He fondly thought back to that night and how hard he had cum, spurting deep inside her, impaling her with his hard cock, bent over the arm of the sofa. Now they were going out in the town. He knew Sarah had a dirty mind and that she knew all the other guys would be looking at her... she was certainly asking for it tonight. 

They would be all wanting to use her slutty, fit body...to feel their dirty cocks slamming deep into her tight wet pussy...to kiss and suck on her heaving tits...Steve just loved the satisfaction that she was his. He was the one going to take her home. He was the one who was going to do all those things to her later.

"C'mon, taxi's here!" said Jane "Let's go"

Chapter 4

The town buzzed. Everybody had crowded in from the beaches, the hills and their hotel rooms. It was a late summer, Saturday night. After a day of scorching, dry heat, everyone was set for drinking, talking, eating and relaxation.

With a dry squeal from it's brakes, the taxi dropped them off at a busy bar on the town square. Jane quickly, in her assertive manner, found a table outside in the middle of the bar, surrounded by locals and holidaymakers. Sarah carefully and as lady like as she could, spun her legs out of the car and clutched Steve's hand to keep her balance. The reaction was instantaneous. The men stopped talking and turned unashamedly to look admiringly at her. The women just glared and then looked accusingly at their husbands or boyfriends. Steve couldn't help but smirk at the commotion and led her through the busy tables to join Jane.

Jane looked up at them from the table admiringly. "You look damn fine woman" she said dreamily to Sarah, her chin cupped in her hand, elbow resting on the table.

"Oh my God, they're all looking at me, trying to undress me!" Sarah blushed.

"Who can blame them?!" Steve chuckled, pulling a chair from under the table and sitting down opposite the two girls.

"Piss Off!" Sarah replied light heartedly, pulling a face at him. She sat, holding her legs tightly together under the table. Nobody was getting a peek...well not just yet anyway. Jane ordered a bottle of white wine for her and Sarah, a beer for Steve. It wasn't long before the drinks arrived at the table. The three waiters competed to be of service, like ducks scrambling over the last piece of bread thrown in a pond.

People still looked, but they slowly realised she wasn't going to create a scene and start dancing on the tables and relapsed back to their drinking. "What time are you flying back" Jane asked after taking her first sip.

"Monday lunch time...I don't want to talk about it" Steve muttered, looking around him, soaking in the happy atmosphere.

"But you've both enjoyed it so far?"

"Yeah, yeah" said Sarah "You're so lucky to be able to live here"

"Yeah, I know. It has more ups than downs!" Jane sighed. "You've both made me very happy though." she smiled then looked at the glass of wine placed in front of her.

"Why have we made you happy?" Steve asked.

She stared back at him and then her lips curled into a smile. She leaned across the table towards them and whispered. "I've never enjoyed sex as good as it is with you two!"

Steve spluttered in shock and looked at his girlfriend, who smiled back.

"We aim to please!" Sarah grinned. 

Chaper 5

They chatted and flirted with each other. They all knew how the night would end so there was no hurry. The smug satisfaction of knowing they were going to fuck each other into oblivion was written all over their faces. Sarah had loosened up by her third glass and the conversation became more dirty and direct.

"Ste likes me dressing like this, Jane, it always turns him on"

"Oooh, I bet it does!" she turned to him, with mirthful, sparkling eyes.

"True" he said. His eyes lit up as Sarah put a cigarette to her lips, pushing her chair back and sitting back away from the table. She crossed her slim legs in front of him and exhaled slowly, seductively, knowing he could see the tops of her exposed thighs. Jane smirked at her brazenness and glanced back at Steve.

"Doesn't it make you uncomfortable though Ste? Seeing her, your girlfriend dressed like this, in front of all these strange men?"

"No, I don't..."

"You don't mind their dirty thoughts?"

Sarah exhaled and then drawled. "He's a dirty bastard." She leaned forward with a smile curling on her lips, stubbed her cigarette out slowly and sat back, uncrossing her legs. "The things he's told me, all his fantasies."

"Oh Yeah?"

It turns him on Jane, knowing other men are looking at me, what they want to do to me"

"Er..." Steve coughed in embarrassment.

"So you're up for that sort of thing are you then Ste?" Jane jokingly quizzed him, watching him squirm. "It would turn you on watching a complete stranger..." Her voice lowered "Fucking your girlfriend?

"Well..." 

"Go on, tell her the truth, tell her what you tell me when we're in bed together" Sarah interrupted, looking at him intently with her dark sexy eyes.

"I can't!"

"Go on!"

"Oh alright" Steve looked down into his bottle and picked a cigarette from the pack. "I know she's told you all about what happened with Dave..." Jane nodded, listening intently "But I told her once that she could bring over some guys from the gym to see what happened."

"Ooh, that sounds naughty!" Jane smirked at him and then grasped Sarah's hand. "And..." she motioned for him to continue.

"I'll let you fill in the gaps Jane!" he looked back up and smiled at her.

"Well did you?" she asked, insistently, looking first at Sarah then glancing at Steve. He smirked then shrugged and stayed silent.

Sarah whispered and chuckled "Those boys are quite buff though Jane...you wouldn't say no!" She watched Steve light his cigarette and then they both looked deep into each other's eyes, knowing that even though she teased him incredibly, they both loved each other.

"Wow!" Jane said "You dirty bastards!"

Chaper 6

The table fell into a comfortable silence as the three of the absorbed the holiday atmosphere. Sarah adjusted herself, sitting further back in her chair, revealing even more of her upper thighs. Steve was sure he could see the pearls glinting on her pussy in the dim light. Jane rubbed his forearm affectionately, her eyes wandering around the square. Sarah squeezed her other hand and looked seductively at Steve, seeing his eyes widen, mouth open, gasping silently, as she parted her legs for him, sluttishly wider. 

Suddenly, the table behind them erupted. A tubby English woman, skin sunburnt lobster red, stood up sharply, picked up her glass of red wine and threw its contents straight into the face of what must have been her husband. "You dirty bastard!" she shrieked at him, jabbing a fat finger into his chest "She's old enough to be your daughter!" The man looked aghast in shock, the wine dribbling down his pristine white t-shirt.

"I'm not doing anything, you stupid cow!" he retorted.

"You fucking know what you were looking at!" the woman shouted, oblivious to all the other people in the packed bar. "That...That there!" she pointed at Sarah who quickly crossed her legs and tried frantically pulling the hem of her dress down.

"I wasn't!" he glanced over, knowing full well he had been caught red handed. Caught, taking a furtive look at a young girl (Sarah), displaying her pussy. The woman picked up her handbag, pushed clumsily past the other bemused drinkers and pursed her lips.

She turned round. "I'm going back to the room...don't you dare fucking coming back!

Everybody watched her waddle off and then turned to watch her husband rise to his feet, attempt to wipe down his t-shirt and look down in shame. He quietly made his way out of the bar, humiliated, not daring to look back.

Jane looked over at Steve and Sarah's smirking faces. She tried to contain her own laughter and said "You see Sar, that's the sort of effect you have on people" She stood up, collected her purse and cigarettes and left a tip. "Let's go."

Chapter 7

Sarah and Jane walked hand in hand, ten yards in front of Steve through the busy street. He looked lustfully at Jane's trim, sexy figure, her hips swaying atop her long brown legs and high heels. Sarah's body gave him an instant erection. The dress was incredibly tight, the back cut down to the small of her flawless back. He still couldn't believe how short it was, the cheeks of her tight bum showing briefly, teasingly, with every stride she took. He watched the glances of all the other men, the looks on their faces, the obvious wanton lust. Oh my God, he thought to himself as his hard-on pressed insistently inside his pants. I must have died and gone to heaven.

"Are you up for a dance Ste?" Jane turned back to him and was pointing casually to the entrance of a nightclub. Deep bass music pounded across the street. He shrugged in acceptance and followed the girls through the darkened doorway. The burly bouncers eyed Steve suspiciously, but the girls were more than welcome and waved through.

Once again Jane took over and confidently secured them a booth between the bar and the dance floor. 

A bored, surly, skinny waitress brought them over three flute glasses and a bottle of champagne. "Oh God Jane!" Steve said "Please don't pay for us again!"

"Why not?"

"It's just...just not right!" He had to shout to be heard above the pumping music.

"Pah!" she smiled back and flicked her hand at him dismissively. "Here, have one of these" She passed them both a small tablet each.

"What's this?" Sarah shouted.

"Oh just swallow it, it's OK, you'll feel good" 

Sarah looked at her friend suspiciously while Steve put his in his mouth and washed it down with a gulp of champagne. He shrugged his shoulders.

"What is it Jane?"

"A pick me up!"

"What?"

"Ever heard of E's"

"Well...yeah" Sarah looked concerned.

"Go on ...just give it a go"

"Where did you get them from? Oh...I don't know, what will it do to me?"

"Wait and see" Jane smiled as Sarah quickly slipped the pill into her mouth.

Chapter 8

Twenty minutes later they were all drawn to the dance floor. The sound, the lights, the people all blended into a glorious swirl of happiness and well- being. Sarah felt like she was floating, dancing with her arms in the air, her body swayed, her long brunette hair matted her face. Jane held onto Steve, grinding closely together, both feeling and sensing each other's excitement. He turned her around and held her firmly by her hips, pulling her close once more, grinding himself into her ass, letting her know how aroused he was. She hooked her arm back around his neck and leaned back so she could shout to him above the thumping music. Steve nuzzled her neck, damp from sweat. "I've got to have that cock in me tonight Ste, I've got to feel your dick in my ass. I want another cock ...up my cunt." Steve stiffened even more and felt her hand move down and slowly rub the pressing, satisfying bulge he had in his trousers.

"I'm going to find another man to join us tonight..."

"Oh Godddd!" he released her and she turned to face him with a flushed face.. "Fuck Jane, I can't stand it...you've got me so fucking hard." 

He smiled then turned to go back to their booth for a drink, shaking his head in excited disbelief. He left her dancing with his girlfriend.

He sat and looked back out on the heaving dance floor. The girls were lost in the flashing lights and the music, their hot, sweat glistened bodies moving around sexily to the heavy, pumping bass. 

He became aware of other guys gradually crowding around them, dancing with them, moving closer. One man grabbed Sarah's waist with both hands from behind and held her lightly, moving them down so that they came to rest on her hips. She didn't pull away, instead, she pushed her ass back against him, grinding herself on his obvious stiffness. Another guy pushed in front of her, squeezing against her, rubbing his erection into her thighs. His hands moved down and held onto the smooth naked flesh of her pert bum cheeks. She was sandwiched tightly between the two men.

Steve suddenly felt anxious. Should he be doing something, should he be going back down there to claim his girlfriend back from these vultures. 

The more he watched her, the more he saw excitement and lust on her face. He couldn't deny it, he was turned on too; strange hands all over his girlfriend's body, touching her bare skin, breathing like animals, heavily into her naked, damp shoulders. Jane had attracted the same sort of attention, she was loving it, caressing their arms, holding their hands, her fingers teasing, flickering lightly over their hard-ons, straining desperately in their pants...
