 Once outside, I hadn't walked too many steps toward my truck when another vehicle rolled down the drive. It had barely stopped when a door flew open and a young woman with blonde hair flying in every direction came sprinting to me and jumped into the air. It was Elly! I caught her as she wrapped her arms around my neck and legs around my waist. While instantly she planted a hug wet kiss on my lips. She then pressed her forehead to mine like we had ever since I could remember. Those piercing bright blue eyes latched on to mine and we both just smiled at each other! 

Almost as fast, her eyes softened and she whispered, "My Will!" 

Again a kiss, this time soft, warm, inviting, mmmm, luscious. Then again she pressed her forehead to mine. 

"I love you, my William!" Then with the speed of light she started in. "Where have you been?" "What are you doing here tonight?" "Are you here to stay?" A pause to breathe...

I was almost given a chance to start answering but, no. 

"How long have you been here?" "Have you seen my mother?" I pressed my finger to her lips. 

She kissed it. I remained firm and held it there. 

"I have been here since 6:30. We had dinner. We talked about a photo shoot they want me to do for some club. And, yes I have seen your mother." 

She let go, dropped to the ground, whispered, "They told you about the club!?" 

She then wheeled around and gave her 3 friends, who were watching wide eyed from the car, a very short introduction. They nodded as if they already knew all about me. And didn't act at all surprised to a "see you guys later" as she ran back to the car and closed the car door. 

They drove off amid giggles, a honk and a "go for it girl!" 

Elly looked at me, smiled, but then a concerned look came over her. "We need to go in!"

"But, I was just..." I tried to say, but she was already striding to the door I had just closed. 

I felt only a jerk in response as she grabbed my hand and tugged me toward the door saying, "No buts!" 

I followed her in.

"Mom, Dad!" Elly was repeating as she dragged me through the door. 

Dad came around the corner followed closely by a still very naked "Mom". Both looked at Elly, then me. Elly stopped and began to strip off her top. 

Her mother said, "Wait dear! Let's talk first." 

"Mom..." Elly started a complaint, but mom was already across the room and taking Elly's hand. Elly's turn to get jerked and dragged away. "Will, excuse us for a moment." Then to Elly, "Just give me a moment and you will understand, ok?" 

Elly softened, "Ok mom." 

I watched them disappear into the kitchen. I will admit I was watching Cathy's perfect ass more than Elly's. I will also admit I noticed a few other things. Elly is a few inches shorter than her mother, perhaps 4 or even 5 inches shorter, but both are physically built about the same. 

Jim stepped closer. "Back so soon?" he joked. 

"She caught me in the front yard." I smiled back. "I hope I am not in some kind of trouble. Elly looked really concerned that I had spent the evening with you both and that I had seen her mother in all her natural beauty." 

"Oh, don't worry Will; I think you will be very pleasantly surprised." 

I didn't have long to wait as Elly re-entered followed by Cathy. Elly took both my hands and led me to the chair, then stood in front of me and lowered her head. 

"Will, would you please undress me? I want ..." 

I placed my finger again on her lips. Again she kissed it. 

"...to give you..." She tried to finish her sentence. 

Again I placed my finger again on her lips. And again she kissed it. 

I took that same finger and gently pushed her chin up until we were looking in each other's eyes. This time her eyes were soft, moist, dare I say full of love, anticipation and desire. I reached for the bottom of her t-shirt top. She raised her arms as I pulled it over her head. Her breasts were barely held in place by a wonderful little sexy white lace. Her smile was growing. I reached down to her pants and began to undo them. She placed her hands on my shoulders. I looked to her parents, her mother, who only a few hours earlier had her lips wrapped around my hard cock as her husband fucked her to a screaming orgasm! Jim was standing intently watching, his arm around Cathy. Cathy rested her head on Jim's shoulder looking perfectly content and in full approval of what unfolded before her. Neither looked too surprised almost as if this had been planned out long before. A thought flashed through my mind, "You are doomed, dude!" But then another thought instantly replaced it, "But oh what a way to go!" Elly's pants were now hanging open. I slowly dropped to one knee, her hands still on my shoulders. I slide those jeans down little by little. Tight pants! Sexy legs! Her panties appeared but I was careful to leave them in place. I wanted this to last like a surreal dream and burn itself into my memory forever. I looked up into her eyes. That little grin was a full blown smile, she stepped out one leg, then the other. 

I traced her legs up with my fingers until my right hand touched her panty covered pussy. Softly I ran my fingers back and forth along the outlined slit watching them moistened as I did so. My own body was rising to the occasion. I listened to her breathing get deeper. I hooked that soft silky material with my fingers and gently, ever so gently and slowly lowered them down her toned sexy soft beautiful young legs. Her pussy was shaved just like her mothers. "Awe perfect!" I thought. 

I stopped for just a moment to look at her sex, I leaned in, kissed her mons with a soft lick to tasting her moist flower. I wanted this to last. Softly kissing my way up her tummy I brushed my head against her breasts. My hands had followed the curves up her body until they rested holding her sides. One hand reached for the bra, a little pinch and a slight twist, it was undone. Some things learned once last a lifetime! I stood. Her eyes had followed my every move and were once again locked onto mine. 

The bra straps slid off her shoulders, down her arms. The bra seemed to hang, then pop off her amazing breasts. I dropped it onto her other clothes and took a breast in each hand, rubbing, holding, massaging and tweaking those two beautiful breasts! I could not believe were real, larger than her mother's and somehow, her age I guess, even more gravity defiant. I felt her arms wrap around my shoulders as she came up on tiptoes, our lips met. My hands never left her breasts as she smashed them to my chest. Even I can take a hint, I let go and wrapped her in my arms. My Elly, my beautiful, beautiful sexy naked Elly!

Finally our kiss broke. And she pushed me back into the chair. She then went to her knees, lowered her head and placed her hands behind her back. "Will, my wonderful William, I have waited for this moment. I have dreamed and hoped and sometimes thought it may never come." 

I went to speak. She looked up and I swear fire flashed in those blue eyes. 

I went silent, she continued. "I give myself to you. I give you my body, my mind. I give you my soul. I give you my heart. I ask only in return that you protect them and love them for they are all I am and all I can give you. You may use me as you wish. I only want to be yours." 

"My Elly!" I again used a finger to softly raise her chin. Tears were running down her cheeks. I paused. I looked again at her parents. Cathy also had tears running down her face. Jim now had his head resting on top of Cathy's a tear had also slid down his cheek. 

I looked again at this beautiful woman on her knees before me. Softly just above a whisper, "I love you Elly, I love you my Elly!" 

Her smile could have lit the room! Not 20 minutes before I had wondered if I would ever find this kind of love again. Part of me had dismissed Elly due to our age difference. I should have known from the past how wrong I was to think that. From the age of 4 I had been hers and she had been mine. Now, somehow it was real. 

I took her hands in mine. "Yes little Kitten," I hadn't called her that for years, "you are mine, if I may be yours." 

That was all it took! She lunged at me again pushing me back in that big overstuffed chair. Wrapping her arms around my neck our lips met again, her breasts smashed into my chest and her body lay between my legs. My arms naturally wrapped around her as our tongues danced and played in a wet sexy passionate kiss. I let my hands wander up and down her back and across her perfect ass. I heard her parents moving but knowing I had their blessing explored this wonderful body I had in my arms. I ran up and down her back many times from shoulders to below her, did I already say perfect beautiful ass! As we kissed I spread her ass cheeks and softly walked my fingers up and down that soft valley. 

Her little tight ass hole puckered as I teased it. I dipped a finger into her pussy and was rewarded with stronger rougher kisses. My now wet finger pushed at her ass. One hand held her cheeks apart as she relaxed and the finger began to slide into her tight little hole. She broke the kiss only long enough to let out a satisfied moan before again attacking my mouth with hers. I stroked my middle finger in and out of her. The feeling was tight, exquisite! Years of held back desire raced through me. Again and again my hands slid all over her. My cock was stiffening hard between us. The more I freely roamed up and down her the tighter she held me. The harder and stronger my cock grew between us, the more passionate the kisses until finally the kisses ended. My Elly, my kitten, pushed her forehead to mine and locked me to her with those soft loving baby blues. 

"Are you happy?" I said. She beamed! I continued wanting not only her, but her parents to hear also! "I love you my Elly! I always have. Finally you are mine!" 

She smiled even though she sexily bit her lower lip, then closed her eyes and gave me the sweetest softest kiss.

"Yes, finally I am happy because I am yours! I love you my Will! I will love you and be yours forever!" she said as her tears slid again down her cheeks. I softly kissed away those tears. 

We both looked up to see Jim kissing Cathy's tears while wiping his own. Both had been watching us while hugging in the other chair. Elly pulled herself up into my lap her arms around my neck. With one leg over mine and the other foot on the floor she spread open facing her parents. For a moment she turned into a little girl watching as her parents caressed each other and kissed. Her hand guided mine to her pussy and sighed with an airy soft moan as she held it there. We were the mirror image of Jim and Cathy. Cathy who with her hand resting on Jim's as he softly petting the folds of her pussy watched as Elly rested her hand on mine and I softly stroked the moist sex of their sweet daughter. 

"Will," Jim spoke up after a few moments passed "there are many advantages to the way we live!" Cathy kissed his cheek. 

He patted Cathy's leg and they both stood. Elly didn't make a move. My fingers now stroked inside her folds, freely exploring her softness, her warmth. 

"Bend over my sweet." He had Cathy bending like she had done earlier. Her jewel was still in place. Jim softly twisted and began to pull. I watched and he made sure I could see. Elly didn't seem to care. Her eyes were closed; her head leaned back on my shoulder. She pushed on my hand as my fingers entered and slid around in her now wonderfully wet sex. 

My thumb made little rubs up and down her clitoris in rhythm with the motion of my fingers. Elly must have been paying some attention to her parents, as the jewel slide from Cathy's ass she kissed my cheek. Her father took the plug and cleaned it with a wipe. Elly stood letting go of my hands joined her mother leaning over! The world's two most perfect asses were lovingly, sexily and amazingly on display! These two, mother and daughter, were very much alike. Elly was just a bit shorter. They looked at each other then kissed! Each then spread their feet to about shoulder distance apart revealing those pussies and little puckers anuses! 

Jim moved back around and motioned me to stand. I followed his lead. He spread Cathy's ass cheeks and began loving her holes! I spread Elly but had to stop for a moment and enjoy what I saw! She looked so damn sexy! Jim began kissing the top of Cathy's ass while holding her cheeks apart. I followed his lead. Elly bent over next to her mother. Both women's breasts hug beautifully down, round and perfect! Their backs were so strong yet so soft, sexy, smooth. I began kissing at Elly's lower back then down to her ass cheeks. Jim was now sitting on the edge of his chair. I stopped long enough to move mine over and have Elly reposition. 

Elly was facing Cathy. They held hands and smiled at each other. Jim was now licking and kissing his Cathy, devouring her. I moved up to Elly's face. Held it in my hands and softly kissed her. I looked a Cathy then at Elly. Elly glanced at her mother. I understood. I took Cathy's face into my hands and met her lips with mine. She darted her tongue into my mouth and I sucked it in. Our kiss lasted only seconds, Elly was beaming. My love, lust and desires were about to explode! I kissed down Elly's back as moved back behind her. I spread her ass then licked and kissed down that precious beautiful lovely flesh! My tongue found her little puckered anus. Kissing and circling it with soft licks, pushed with the tip of my tongue and loving the way it flexed and moved as I took possession of her gift. I kept licking and kissing down as she sensed my need and further spread her legs. My hungry tongue found her pussy and dove in! Licking her from the back I could snake in and out and drink her flowing nectar. Lapping at little clit, she shuddered and began to shake and tighten. She seemed to be trying to hold back. 

I felt a light pat on my back. Jim motioned me to stand. He had dropped his pants. I knew I was about to explode. I quickly dropped mine as both women looked back with sheer lust on their faces! Jim was lined up and aimed at Cathy. I moved in behind Elly. He pushed in as I did. Both women pushed back. We sank balls deep into heaven! Elly was so perfectly tight! I held Elly's hips as we pushed against each other. I had to just rest there a moment and enjoy the feeling of her sex gripping me! Jim was already pushing in and out of Cathy, slow steady thrusts. I slid back, then in again. Elly met me and pushed back each time I pushed in. Soon we were all fucking in a perfect synchronized rhythm. The whole thing seemed surreal, father fucking mother as I fucked the daughter. Or was it just people who loved each other sharing an intimacy few would ever consider sharing. I will let you decide for yourselves. 

I knew I was not going to last long but I could also feel Elly's tight pussy getting even tighter. Cathy was breathing heavy. Jim was beginning to thrust faster and harder. I held Elly's hips and began thrusting faster and pushing harder. She met me thrust for thrust. Balls deep each time until one last thrust and I felt the power inside me well up and begin to spasm. At just that moment Elly pushed hard against me. Deep inside her, her muscles contracted and gripped my cock like a vise! My whole body shook and pumped blast after blast of cum into her. Her young pussy grip only got tighter! I had almost forgotten where I was and who I was with. Next to me Jim had slide out of Cathy and they were hugging and watching Elly and I fuck. I pumped in and out of her a few more times as they watched. When I slid out of her she stood and took my hand. Then like a dance move with her hand in mine, I wrapped her in my arms she looked at me beaming. Our lips met! Our tongues danced! Our lives were forever going to be wrapped together. 

"Good night you two and, welcome to the family Will!" Jim chuckled as they wandered off to bed. 

"I didn't stand a chance, did I?" I said.

He turned his head, "Nope! Welcome to the family Will!" 

I lifted my Elly, my kitten, into my arms and carried her to her room, but not to bed. I took her to the shower and there we washed each other off and explored each other with soap. She loved washing my legs and up my ass. She played with my little asshole and soaped up a finger and pushed it. She must have washed my cock and balls at least 5 times loving how her touch could make me twitch and begin to grow stiff and hard. But especially loved how much harder I got when she combined the two. I told her we would explore that more but for now, I helped her out of the shower and we dried each other off. I picked her up and sat her on the sink. I dried her legs as they hung over the edge. 

I just could not stop loving her! I leaned over and kissed her pussy. Licked the stray droplets of water from her and drove my tongue in and out of her until she was panting and running her fingers through my wet hair. I stopped letting her pant while I tried to dry her hair a little more. It is really hard to get all that amazing blonde hair dry! Finally giving up, picked her up and carried her to the bed but it was evident that she was not ready to sleep. She rolled over on to her back and held her arms and legs wide open. 

I had to stop for just a moment and look at her. Then I took one foot and began kissing it, sucking her toes and kissing them. I worked slowly up each leg, loving every inch of her perfect body. I wanted not only to love all of her, but to know all of her also. I laid down on the end of her bed. I pushed her legs wide open and let her rest them on the bed. Again I attacked her sex, her sweet pussy kissing, licking darting my tongue in and out, tongue fucking that beautiful pussy. I slid up slightly and one finger, then two in and out of her with wiggling fucking fingers. Sloppy wet sucking kisses covered her clit! She wiggled, she thrashed about but I held her down with my hands and continued my assault. 

Her body went stiff! Her fingers pulled at my hair! Her throat growled as her pussy leaked nectar that ran through her folds into my loving lips. She only relaxed for a second as I climbed up her body and aimed my man of steel at her dripping pussy. One thrust, balls deep! Her pussy was hot and wet! I pounded and pounded bouncing her on the bed. She started to giggle but then went stiff again. Her tight young pussy grabbed my hardness again like a vice. I slowed but kept pumping. Her arms flew to the bed as she grabbed the sheets as if to hold on. Growling, panting, half screaming with her eyes shut tight. I exploded into her one more time. I left my relaxing cock deep in her warmth. She had collapsed, went limp on the bed completely spent, wonderfully completely spent! My beautiful little kitten opened her eyes and they were glowing up at me as I watched her and rested on my elbows. We kissed. I rolled off of her and took her into my arms, pulled the blanket over us and held her as she drifted off to sleep. Her dad was right, "I didn't stand a chance!" I thought.