 Sunday Night

Chapter 1

"I hope you don't mind......." 

They both turned their heads slowly to look at Jane, shaken out of their quiet contemplation. The sun was gradually sinking, casting long shadows. They'd all spent the day in bed, recovering from the night before.

"I've got a couple of friends coming over tonight. I think they'd like to meet you."

"Yeah?" said Steve, taking his eyes away from the setting sun. He sat stretched out on a sunbed by the pool. Both he and Sarah lazily sipped lager from the bottle.

"You OK with that?"

"Yeah"

"You're going tomorrow lunch time, right?"

"Yeah"

"You'll like them, I think........"

Sarah looked at Steve, arched her eyebrows as if to say 'no surprise', but they both went with the flow.

"They've both got the same outlook on life as me and you, if you know what I mean"

"Oh yeah, whys that?"

"Well, they've both helped me out in the past year or two, helped me move in, get to know the area and all that......."

"That's nice"

"Yeah, they've met my........erm..........other needs too. Let's just say that I haven't been alone. We've shared a few nights together. We've shared each other. Just call them friends with benefits - If you know what I mean......."

They both looked at each other incredulously. Jane came around to stand in front of them, smiling.

"Ben and Amy are dying to meet you. Are you up for that? I thought we could end your weekend with a bang." She smirked. "Literally!" They looked up at her, open mouthed, taking in her bubbling face. She seemed so excited.

"Yeah.....erm......why not."



Chapter 2

At eight in the evening, Sarah sat, painting her nails, on the edge of their bed. "I wonder what she meant Ste?"

"I've got an idea....."

"Does she want us to join in?"

"Maybe"

"What if we don't like them?"

"What if we do....?" They both sniggered. "I'm going for a shower before they get here."

She smiled and lay back, sighing, butterflies in her tummy in anticipation of what could happen. "Steve?" she murmured.

"Yeah"

"Jane says that he's big........very big"

"Yeah, right!" said Steve sarcastically "You're getting carried away!"

She laughed "Go and get your shower". Closing her eyes, she dreamed........a familiar tingling building up in her pussy.



Chapter 3

Steve stood under the needles of hot water, his cock becoming slowly stiffer the more he thought about another night of sex. He felt ashamed. He shouldn't be getting this aroused again at the thought of seeing his girlfriend being screwed by another man. But, hey, who was he to complain. Jane was going to be there, possibly another girl. Either way he knew he wanted to fuck Jane tonight. Fuck her into tomorrow. He grasped at his rock hard length, moaned quietly in frustrated anticipation and stepped out of the shower.



Chapter 4

"Oh Christ.......they're here already, hurry up!"

"Bloody Hell Steve, I'm nowhere near ready!" She threw her towel down and parted the slats on the blinds to glance at Jane's friends. 

The girl seemed very attractive with her blonde hair tied back. She was a similar age to her. Sarah noticed her toned body, pert bum and willing smile. Out of the corner of her eye, Jane came rushing over to greet them. The man slowly rose from their black SUV Mercedes. Sarah took a sharp intake of breath.

"Fuck Ste......you've got to see this fella....he's fucking huge!" Steve joined her to peer through the window.

"Jesus, he's like a bodybuilder or something!" 

They both looked on, in awe, as the man came into full view. He must have been over six and a half feet tall, very broad shouldered, but fit, with the look of an athlete. He seemed older, in his late thirties, suited by his black curly hair, square jaw and friendly smile. Jane embraced him. She only came up to his chest height wise. He had to bend down slightly to peck her on the cheek. Sarah smiled and looked at Steve, arching her eyebrows.

Sitting back naked at her dressing table, she reached for her small bag of makeup. Dirty visions flitted around her mind. Would he? Could she? Another mans' cock? She parted her legs, feeling the throbbing become more intense.

Steve pulled up his jeans and reached for a clean t-shirt from their suitcase.

"Ste.......?" she said

"Yeah"

"What would you say if he did come on to me.......would you be jealous?"

"You haven't met him yet!"

"Yeah Ste, but....... what if?" She looked at him in the mirror "It's our last night here........should we do it?"

Steve looked across at his girlfriend. She was obviously getting aroused and ready to party. Her erect, rock hard nipples were a dead giveaway.

"You know I still love you don't you? C,mon Ste, I love you for letting me do things with those other guys. It makes me so fucking excited knowing that you are prepared to share my body and my pussy with other men." She hesitated, seeing if he would react, then she continued.

"You can't say that you haven't been fucking hard when you've watched them screwing me!" She sighed. 

"God Ste.... it makes me cum so hard when you've been with those other girls." Her lips curled into a dirty grin. "It makes you cum so much too!" He grinned back.

"I'll be honest Sar, I think part of me is a bit jealous of seeing other guys with you and unsure of what we're doing........ " He smiled a dirty grin. "But at the same time Sar ......it gets me fucking stiff!" He ran his hand over his balls and the hard ridge pressing in his jeans. They both laughed.

"Oh God Ste, what have we got ourselves into, what have we done?" she murmured and turned to face him "I can't believe what that threesome with Dave on Thursday night has led us into. It's as if now.....now I can't stop thinking about playing with other men's cocks .....watching you fuck that gorgeous thing of yours into other girls. God.....I'd love it if......" She paused "Wouldn't you just love to watch me fucking someone with a really big cock?"

" You've been talking to Jane, haven't you?! "Fuuuuck Sar! I'm so hard right know, you'd better get some clothes on before I do you right here!"

"Ooooh promises, promises! Ok then......later?" Her tummy was in knots now as she smiled and reached back for her eyeliner. How far would she take this? Would Steve be mad if she fucked this fella? He didn't seem overly bothered. That's it, she decided, putting the lipstick to her pursed lips. Tonight she would go for it. She glanced down between her legs at her shaven, excited pussy, noticing the damp patch forming on the cushioned stool.





Chapter 5

"Oh Hi,Steve!" Jane smiled and proudly grabbed his hand. "This is Amy and this is her hubby Ben". Amy shook his hand and then moved forward and pecked him on the cheek.

"Hi Steve" she said, with a big smile and searching eyes. Steve smiled back, impressed at what he saw. 

Ben stepped over and shook his hand. 

"Alright mate"

"Yeah, alright mate, good to see you". Steve looked up into his face. He towered above him, his bulk seeming to block out the light. His massive hand squeezed his in a very firm handshake.

"Jane's told us all about you and ...er..Sarah is it?" Amy said.

"Yeah.......all good I hope!"

"Yeah, don't worry.......we won't tell anyone else what goes on in this little love nest you've got here!" She giggled and looked at him with cheeky twinkle in her eye.

Ben smiled and murmured in a slow, deep voice. "Jane told us to come over. She said you and Sarah would like to meet us and that you might like to share......" He paused briefly, then a broad smile curled up his face. "It's all between friends here!"

"Oh, good, good!" Steve replied, a little bemused. He looked at Jane and shook his head in amazement. Christ, what had she told them? She hadn't told them that Amy and Ben were married. Were they really here for what he had imagined. "Shall we have a drink?"

This was turning out to be a very good night.



Chapter 6

They sat together on the patio around a wooden table. A scented candle tried to ward off the irritating mosquitoes, starting to make a high pitched appearance in the near darkness.

"Where's Sarah?" Jane asked.

"She'll be out in a minute, just ironing some clothes"

"You'll like her, she's beautiful" Jane said pensively to Ben and Amy and then she turned to Steve. "It's a pity you're going home tomorrow. I've enjoyed having you here. It's been a laugh hasn't it?"

"Too right!" Steve chuckled. The table fell into a comfortable, happy silence.

"Here she is!" Jane exclaimed.

"Wow!" said Amy, sitting up and nudging her husband. His eyes lit up, a sly smile curled across his face.

"Hi-ya everyone!" Sarah walked towards them, in her bare feet across the warm patio. Steve looked at her, he definitely knew it now. She had done it on purpose. Tiptoeing, her gorgeous tanned legs on full display under a very short pleated skirt, a tight, plain white shirt, tied just below her breasts showing off her trim, bronzed tummy. Hair tied back into a pony tail, full face of makeup. She was out to make an impression. She was succeeding.

Amy stroked her husband's leg as he gazed unashamedly at the tease that had just walked over. Sarah sat opposite to Ben, crossing her legs, letting her skirt ride up, flashing her tiny white panties suggestively. The top buttons of her shirt were undone, daringly exposing the tops of her pert breasts, her nipples poking upwards sharply, straining against the thin, see- through material. Steve smirked when he could see what she was doing. The effect it was having on Ben was incredible.

He knew, then, their destiny for the night. This wasn't to be an evening of friends gathered around a table, sipping wine, sharing humorous anecdotes, enjoying the last hours of the weekend. No. A few more drinks would lead to more gratuitous flirting, a wandering hand or two, lustful looks, little kisses, lingering fuller ones, clothes being removed, fingers exploring, moans, gasps, sucking, bodies intertwined, pumping, grunting, climaxing......

"Let's have some more drinks" Jane spoke up, diverting their attention. She was trying to relieve the mounting, sexual tension.

"Yeah, we best had!" Steve replied, noticing his girlfriend already casually brushing her bare foot against Ben's shins, gazing at him as if there was no one else there. Amy put her hand on the back of Steve's hand and smiled, catching his anxious look.

"Don't worry" she whispered, "You know why we're here? Why don't we have a good time, me and you, let's just enjoy the night." She leaned over and kissed him sweetly on the lips, taking him by surprise.

"Uh...yeah" he replied, meeting her twinkling, enticing eyes. God this was happening fast!



Chapter 7

"I hope you didn't use all your energy up last night,Steve, I hope there's enough left in the tank for us girls. Jane can't stop talking about you!"

"Huh?" he saw her eyes penetrating into him, a dirty smile on her face.

"It's OK, we know all about the club and what goes on there. It's been a while since me and Ben went. Did you like it?"

"Uh....yeah"

"I bet you and Sarah were in great demand. I've got to admit if Ben and I were there, you'd be first on our list". He smiled smugly and kissed her back.

"Well you've got us alone tonight!" he replied, staring into her eyes. "I'm sure we could sort something out!"

She giggled. "Ooooh Steve, that's naughty!"



Chapter 8

Jane returned with another bottle of red wine. She poured slowly and saw how the two couples had already become more intimate. Amy was stroking the top of Steve's thigh while his fingers played with her blonde hair and back of her neck. Both stared into each other's eyes. Ben sat back coolly in his chair, watching and feeling Sarah's foot pushing, teasingly up his leg onto his thigh. Sarah put her head back, pretending to be hot, dabbing beads of perspiration from her chest, parting her legs, arching her back, pushing her tits towards him.

"Hey you guys.......don't forget me!" Jane murmured. 

She came to sit next to Steve and she too leaned across and kissed him, softly stroking his leg, the tips of her fingers searching for the hardness she knew she would find. "This must be a record!" she laughed "You haven't known each other ten minutes and look at you all!

Ben averted his gaze from Sarah and murmured to Jane. "You know what they call us don't you?"

"No?"

"Fuck Buddies!"

"Sounds like fun!" She winked at him. "I think Sarah and Steve would like that. I'm sure they would want to be our buddies!"

Sarah looked across at her boyfriend, who was enjoying the attention of the two blonde haired girls nuzzling into his neck, their fingers now unashamedly unbuttoning his jeans. He caught her eye and a guilty smile passed between them. 

Casually she looked back at Ben, her face flushed and she bit her bottom lip. "You want to be my fuck buddy then?"

"You're a fucking dirty bitch aren't you?"

"Don't you want me to be?"

"I don't know what you want, but behaving like a slut like this will get you fucked by every man in town". Everyone laughed nervously.

Sarah goaded him. "I've heard some stories about you. They say a man with big hands and big feet............"

"Why don't you find out then?" 

"You dirty bastard!"

"Come here slut!" he rose quickly and grabbed her by the wrist, pulled her swiftly towards him and threw her over his knee, like a rag doll. 

"This is what girls like you deserve!" Sarah squealed.

Her legs waved in the air, hands unable to touch the floor, she looked desperately at her boyfriend and the two girls, a mixture of shock, fear and anticipation on her face. "Don't you fucking dare!"

"What?" He stroked the back of her smooth thighs, his thick hand sliding quickly under her skirt, pushing it up, over her back, leaving her pert bum writhing and bobbing in front of him. "You can't play with me like this and expect to be treated like a nice little lady.....can you?"

"Ohhh God!"

"Slut!"

He hooked his fingers around the elastic of her little panties, tugged hard, ripping them sharply down her thighs, leaving them around her knees, her naked ass quivered before him, exposed and vulnerable.

Thwack! Thwack!

"Oooh!....Ouch! ......Fuck!.....Fuck!" she said in desperate excitement.

Thwack! Thwack!

"You nasty bastar........."

Thwack!

He held her over his lap, her body shaking, bright red handprints where he had slapped her. "Treat me with respect bitch!"

"Yes......Yes......don't smack me anymore........please!" 

Her eyes had welled up with tears but she hadn't felt as turned on in her life. 

"Only a good girl gets to see a real man's cock". He looked over and grinned at Steve. "Sorry mate, no offence!" Steve couldn't help but grin back.

"Ye...Yes...Yes" she whimpered . He pulled her back to her feet, perching her like a puppet on his massive thighs.

"I'm sorry girl, but you've got to give me respect".



Chapter 9

Steve watched gobsmacked. Amy and Jane had both pushed his pants around his ankles, one now caressing his balls, the other jerking slowly on his excited, rigid cock. He sighed and watched them playing with him and then watched his girlfriend become dominated by the big guy sitting across from him. He glanced at Ben, who caught his eye. They both nodded and smirked smugly at each other. 

Ben's wide hand wandered slowly down Sarah's tummy. She watched and gasped as his fingers rubbed firmly over her smooth, wet slit, flicking her excited clit with his thumb. "God, you're so fucking wet" he whispered into her ear.

"God, I know.....oh fuuuuck....fuuuuck" she moaned feeling a finger pressing against her sodden pussy lips, slowly sinking inside her. She reached behind her and brought his lips to hers, breathlessly whispering as his thick fingers caressed her smooth pussy lips. 

"That's it baby.....finger me....finger my cunt....mmmm.....that feels so fucking good. Tell me what a dirty slut I am......tell me.......tell me.......tell me what you're gonna do to me. I want to be your dirty, filthy girl tonight.... tell me how naughty you want me to be.........fuuuck.....uh...uh...."

"Jesus" he replied, whispering into her open, panting mouth. 

"What about your boyfriend?"

Breathlessly, she paused then whispered "Oh God, are you serious, just look at him!" They both stole a quick glance at Steve, locked in a deep, tongue lashing kiss with Ben's wife, Amy, while Jane continued to play with his rock hard prick. 

"I love him you know, but he's can be so gentle with me and sometimes....uhhh fuuuck!" She squealed as she felt Bens finger speeding up. 

"Sometimes I need a man to treat me like the slut I am......besides he likes to watch me being fucked......"

"Suck my finger you dirty bitch!" He whipped his thick finger out of her pussy, making her moan and pushed it into her mouth. "Taste that, taste your juicy fucking pussy".

"Mmmmm, fuck that's good" she licked greedily, tasting her own dripping, sweet wetness from his finger.

"Now, get on your knees slut!"

"Hang on....not so quick!" she stood up, removed the stretched panties from around her knees, unclipped her dress and let it fall to the floor. 

"Look at that pussy Ben, look how smooth it is, how wet it is" She traced her fingers over her the folds of her cunt, coating them in her excitement. "Now you suck these...." 

"Oh God... that's nice" He licked her fingers one by one, gazing into her eyes. "Take off that shirt too.... I want to see those fucking gorgeous tits."

"OK......but you'll have me completely undressed!"

"Take it off!" He demanded. She slowly unbuttoned and untied the shirt, exposing her breasts, her brown hard nipples curving up to him. 

"That's nice......come here!" Ben leaned forward, clutched her pert arse cheeks in his massive hands and pulled her towards him. He kissed her lower tummy, making her gasp, then moved lower until he was kissing her swollen pussy lips, darting his tongue around her incredibly aroused clit, coating his nose and chin in her juice.

"Oh God ....yes...yes...yes" she whimpered. His hands slowly moved over her hips, up her tummy then grasped lightly at her breasts, rolling each nipple between his thumbs and forefingers, feeling them get even harder. 

"Oh fuck, fuck Ben...fuck that's good." He stood slightly, removed his long tongue from her cunt lips and then sucked on her tits, rasping each nipple roughly, leaving them shining, uncomfortably erect. 

She was slowly becoming a quivering wreck. Her tummy was somersaulting, her pussy dripping, her mouth open, gasping with sexual need. She needed to feel him inside her.



Chapter 10

The girls had managed to strip Steve completely naked too. It seemed Jane and her new guests were purposely using them as a pair of fuck toys. He throbbed, his foreskin rolled back, pre-cum glistened on his excited cock. 

The girls teased him. "So.....what does it feel like Steve, knowing that other guys have fucked your girlfriend. Does it turn you on Steve.....seeing her pussy full of other men's cocks.....knowing they're spurting their seed inside her.....their cum dripping out of her?"

He couldn't help it. "I love to see her fucking other men!" He blurted.

"Oh yeah? Just look how hard your dick is Steve! 

"God, you're really getting off on watching her now aren't you? You like seeing your girlfriend cheat on you like this?"

"Yeah.....yeah.....oh Jesus, that's good......toss me....toss me ....please!" Jane smiled, grabbed his twitching erection, leaned over and kissed Amy. 

"I think we need to put on a little show for our fuck buddy here, don't we Amy"

"Uh huh, shall we strip......I haven't had your tongue on my clit in weeks!"

"I want to suck your cute little tits first!"

"Naughty......Naughty!"
