 Best to read other chapters first to get some background



Entering the bedroom I headed straight to where Gwen was seated. She made an effort to stop and cover up what she was doing. The action on the bed intensified, Henry was now increasing the speed with which he was burying his cock in Janet's ass. Janet was urging him on to fill her ass with cum. Also on the bed Molly was on the verge of coaxing a load from Ned who had her legs on his shoulders and was pile driving his hammer home.

I reached the black haired Gwen just about the time my cock was getting a little stiff. Considering how often I'd come already this evening, it was quite impressive. I crouched down next to where Gwen was sitting and asked if she needed anything and also how she was doing. She touched my hand and said she was fine, all the while looking up at me with those piercing eyes.

"Jack, she asked while staring at the floor, could we go somewhere to talk?"

"Sure, I replied taking her hand and helping her up, let's go to the master bedroom it will be quieter and more private than the rest of the house."

Once in the bedroom, I grabbed a robe and sat in one of the two chairs we had in there, Gwen sat in the other.

"Alright, Gwen what's on your mind?" I quizzed.

"Well Jack, I want to apologize for what you may have seen in the other room."

"Nonsense, Gwen, I responded, there is certainly a sky high sexual atmosphere going on and it would not be human of you not to be stimulated."

Gwen began to speak softly as if she had heavy thoughts to convey.

"Jack, my former husband and I were swingers for several years and that caused some major problems in our lives, Gwen remarked. It was not my first choice, but we were having issues and I suspected he was cheating. He suggested that we explore the swinging scene as a way to examine some of our problems. I was an idiot, but I loved him and went along."

Gwen took a deep breath and continued, "I later discovered he was having an affair and the swinging was an excuse to be with her. I felt really duped and since then has a hard time trusting as well as getting involved with other men, especially married ones."

"I see I responded. How does that relate to Henry and you?"

Gwen, glancing downward said "We did swing at home unfortunately and Henry did witness some of the activity. Of course he had questions and we did not address them correctly I felt. My ex-husband told him our actions were normal and when he was older he could take part. So in answer to your question my son has seen me naked and far worse so what you just saw in the other room was mild. And no, we have not nor will we have relations. But, Gwen sighed, I do miss the excitement of the action"

I kind of understood as Gwen was getting her "high" thru osmosis by observing all the sex around her while still trying to alter the reasoning behind it all. We continued to chat though it was clear Gwen was not ready to participate. I respected her wishes and did not pursue the matter but I was hopeful at some future point I could hook up with her.

With our conversation ended, Gwen left the room and I soon followed, tossing the robe aside. Passing the guest bedroom where the earlier action was intense with Molly, Ned, Henry and Janet pounding away, it was relatively quiet. Only Molly and Janet remained and lay on the bed trying to revive their energy levels. I decided to keep moving and enter the living room to see what could be afoot now.

Well the action had not diminished much in this part of the house. I was excited to see some intense fucking going on. Holding on to the back of the couch was Tonya and Sasha, bent at the waist with their alternate spouse giving them some doggy action. Terrell was hitting Sasha's sweet spot as she was really moaning and breathing hard. Leon was doing the same to Tonya.

I was delighted to see that Edna had not slowed down. Les was between his wife's thighs giving that red haired cunt a thorough tongue lapping. Working on those sweet giant tits was Mark, who had those long hard nipples between his teeth. He was moving his head back in what looked like an effort to extend those babies. Ned was sitting next to Mark trying to get a very limp dick to raise the flag one more time; it did not appear that he was having much success.

Over in the kitchen area, Henry and Allie were playing grab ass while snacking on some deli items. Still dressed and reserved looking was Martha, just taking all the sights in. The party, still going had lost some of its zeal, simply because folks were getting fucked out.

I felt energized for some reason and decided I needed more of mature Edna and those huge hooters. Both Les and Mark had stopped working on Edna and I made a beeline for those tits. She glanced up and gave me a smile which told me she was enjoying herself.

Sitting down next to Edna, I gave her a quick kiss while beginning to fondle her breasts.

Whispering to her, I asked for a tit fuck, she responded by leaning forward and having her tits engulf my now resurgent dick. Even back to hardness, my manhood was out of sight in that huge mountain range of flesh. Edna grabbed her tits, I grabbed them and with four hands we were rubbing the length of my cock thru them. If I had died right then I would have been content, because this was heaven.

After rubbing my cock thru those hooters for some time, I felt my cum boil start. I didn't want to come just yet, so I pulled away from Edna's tits and went behind her. Having earlier seen her receiving an anal fuck, I let my cock get wet rubbing on her pussy. Lifting slightly, I set my cock by her puckered hole. Inserting slowly, Edna responded by a more rapid grunt as well more juice from her pussy. It only took a few strokes to place me on the edge of coming, so I pulled out and went back to her tits and finished by shooting my load all over her nipples. Edna lifted her tits one by one and licked off my deposit with a flourish.

Getting up I noticed Ned fully dressed standing by the entryway. I walked over to him and asked what was going on. Ned said he just got a call on his cell that his crew was being called out to a jobsite they had that reported burst pipes and flooding. He said it was his biggest job of the year and every man was called in for emergency. When I inquired about Martha, he said to let her know what happened and to head home when she wanted to.

After Ned quickly left, I went back into the kitchen area to see about Martha. She had moved slightly; she was sitting in another chair than the one before but she was still primarily a bump on a log demeanor. I told her what Ned had said and that he was gone; Martha started to get up and act like she was leaving. I thought I would act on my earlier instincts and told her to sit down and stay. Without hesitation, that is what she did. My suspicion was that she was submissive; that supposition was proving correct.

I decided to see how far I could push this new knowledge. I sat down along side her and took her hand. I told her I was sorry she wasn't enjoying herself. Martha quickly corrected me and said she was. I led her to an area between the kitchen and the dining room, away from anyone's line of sight. I had her front me and then placed my hands behind her upper arms and looked directly at her.

In a low dull voice I said "Suck my cock now." As I had hoped Martha bent at the knees, lowered her to face my cock and proceeded to lick at my prick without hands.

"Suck it good" I said again, in a low and commanding voice.

Martha grabbed my cock and started to really get into it. She was an exceptional cocksucker using all her talented body parts to give me a workout. Lips, tongue, salvia were all active to foam me up. She quickly had me rock hard with an urge to come and as she continued her manipulations on me, I held my hands in her yellow hair and kept her head close to my dick. I started to come, continuing to hold her mouth on me. Luckily with the many cum shots tonight, it wasn't that much and she easily swallowed it down.

I certainly wanted to fuck Martha but with me tuckered out and just exposing her as submissive, I didn't want to push my luck. Now that the onion was peeled it would be easier to cook my mother always said. So I hoped it would be with Martha.

Going back into the living room, I saw that Molly and Janet had come out and joined the group. In fact they replaced the wives, Sasha and Tonya and they were being screwed by Terrell and Leon. Janet was bent over the couch with Terrell reaming her from behind; Molly sat on the back of the couch getting it from the front from Leon who was taking slow smooth strokes. Tonya was now having her ass fucked hard by young Henry on the couch, giving a running commentary of how he was doing. Sasha sat nearby rubbing her pussy and tits, watching. 

I realized that I had not had the fortune yet of tasting Sasha's chocolate charms. I strode over and stood in front of her till she noticed. Reaching out her hand, she fondled my balls and asked if I had anymore juice for her. I told her we better find out at which point she swallowed my cock whole. She deep throated me and with lips closed blew her breath all over my prick. Releasing my cock from the suction of her lips she started a tongue lick from my balls to the tip. If I had any cum left in me tonight, this beauty was going to get it out. Reaching down I fondled her hard breasts and pinched her nipples.

Hearing an orgasm behind me, I turned to see Molly being hoisted on Leon's dick, he supporting her with his hands under her ass while driving his dick in her. There is something super sexy about a women being lifted up and riding on a cock in mid air.

Leon was also beyond the point of no return and started to cum in Molly.

Meanwhile I had lifted Sasha off my cock and started to lick and suck on her delectable boobs. She meanwhile was jacking my dick and rubbing my ass. I needed to taste her pussy so I continued my path to that prize. Reaching it, I discovered large protruding lips and a rather pronounced clit. Chewing on her clit gave me the desired affect, Sasha started to thrash around holding my head to her treasure.

Around me the activity was starting to ebb. I think most folks were wearing out and I know I felt close to the end. I really did surprise myself tonight; I had to think back to my teen years to have cum so much in one night. But it was exhilarating to say the least.

But I did have one mission left and that was Sasha. I had stopped eating her pussy and had now raised myself above her and pinned her legs back to her head, exposing and opening her pussy to the max. Plunging my cock into the velvet enclosure, we built a steady rhythm to our fucking. Sasha would purse her lips and whisper" fuck me good" over and over which kept me focused no matter how exhausted I was becoming. 

I was mesmerized with my cock sliding into that scrumptious black hole and kept my pace up. I don't know what compelled me to do this next, but I placed two fingers in Sasha's asshole which made her pussy convulse and clamp down on my driving dick. That was all she wrote as cum I had left jolted out and entered deep into her vagina. It wasn't much but my tank was empty for the night.

Most everyone had taken a break from the carnal fest and were eating or drinking trying to refresh themselves. As people milled around, comments of great party; we had a great time was conveyed. I had to admit this was more and better than my imagination dreamed up and I had a euphoric high.

It was getting pretty late, well actually near morning and I wasn't sure how these parties ended. I remembered at Allie's people just seemed to crash around their house. I didn't have a problem with that, but just curious on how it would finish up. Some of the women were generally asking if everyone wanted to "wrap it up" whatever that meant.

It was then that the women began to line up, doggy style on the couch and loveseat. First Allie, then Molly followed Edna, Tonya and Sasha. Janet and of course Gwen did not plant themselves on the coach and Martha stayed in the kitchen. Janet walked up next to me and said this part was for who would host the next party.

"Oh and how is that done? I questioned, and why are you not there?"

"The current hosts don't need to be included, so they usually sit out this part, Janet responded. Spouses or partners fuck each other and the first to orgasm, man or woman, host the next gathering."

That seemed to be a kinky twist to the festivities, one that I looked forward to watching. Most of our neighbors looked worse for wear for the night and I didn't know if anyone could complete the task; maybe a woman can cheat I surmised. 

The men dutifully stepped behind their spouses with Henry getting behind Molly; I assume that either Allie or Gwen would host since the teens lived at home. Kind of in slow motion the action started and there wasn't at first a lot of enthusiastic fucking since exhaustion looked prevalent. But over time the pace picked up and it looked like a few orgasms could be percolating among the fuckers. It was enough to get a rise out of me.

I took hold of Janet and placed her on her knees on a free space on the couch. Placing a bit of saliva on my cock, I placed it to the rose bud of Janet. I assume she thought I would pussy fuck her because she squealed when my johnson went into her sphincter. Once logged in her ass, she aggressively fucked back.

Elsewhere in the room it was happening for some, not for others. Both Leon and Terrell were having a hell of a time keeping their dicks hard and their fucking of their wives was going nowhere. Les and Edna were about the same; literally out of gas. Henry was screwing Molly pretty good as were Mark and Allie. 

Henry started to shake a little and you could see the tension in his legs and ass. He shouted out cumming! twice, pulled his dick from Molly's tight pussy and shot a little dollop on her ass. They were both ecstatic as if they won a prize. Since it was Henry who came, the next party would be at Gwen's place.

After that people started to dress and head home. Before Edna put her sundress back on I sucked her big nipples once more and played with her sisters. She kept thanking me but it was I who was thankful. Within 30 minutes, almost everyone had left with smiles on their faces. I did get two lip kisses from both Gwen and Martha as they left.

The final effort was two much for Henry and Molly who had passed out on our couch. Janet threw a throw over them and we headed for the bedroom after turning out the lights.

We snuggled in the bed together, totally drained from the evening; blissfully falling into a contented deep sleep.