 There is a big difference in a drink versus sex hangover. With liquor you are miserable, sick to your stomach and of course that pounding headache. With sex, you are just bloody tired, worn out but still in a good way. One makes you want to puke or pass out, the other, like a good workout leaves you with an exhaustive high.

So it was after waking from our all night orgy with the neighbors last night. After relieving myself, I dragged myself through the house to get the magic elixir called coffee started. Things were fuzzy from last night, so I was somewhat startled to see a blanket on our couch and it was moving. 

Slowly things came into prospective as I saw several feet sticking out of the cover. The nypmho teens, Henry and Molly were sleeping off the ribald behavior of last night. Having the last orgasm of the evening had wasted them beyond consciousness and they had just burned their wicks out on our sofa.

Shuffling my final steps to the kitchen, the air smelled of bodies, sweat and fluids. Visions came back to me of the frenzy of bodies slamming into each other in the search for ecstasy and sexual fulfillment. To my utter amazement the thoughts were making my dick bob some while attempting to stiffen.

Standing at the kitchen sink while getting the pot ready to brew, I peered out into the morning sun from our large window. It appeared it would be a warm day again and the idea to go out and lounge by the pool felt like it would recharge blood through my veins. I was shaken from my daydream by small soft hands gliding down my abdomen and latching on to my cock causing my stiffness to continue. Lips and then a tongue pressed into my back and lower back followed by a sweet giggle. My neighborhood minx, Miss Molly was up and apparently ready for more action. Why I had to question was not a Molly around for me in my teens?

Yeah I had some feeble blowjobs in high school and a few better ones in college. But no girl I ever met matched the dexterity and sexual free for all that Molly possessed. This sweet girl could make a corpse get hard. Her sexual hunger was endless and her attitude towards sex, with all sorts of people was possibly legendary in the making.

I surprised her by turning around very quickly and grabbing her by her ass cheeks and hoisting her aloft. She instinctively wrapped her legs around my waist as I planted a deep kiss on her lips. Molly's arm encircled my neck and kissed back with passion. Her hardening nipples bumped into my chest hair causing sensations that my cock picked up on and became harder. Instead of letting Molly down, I lifted her even higher so I could suck on her tits and nipples. She giggled and asked if she was making me horny, what a question when someone is feasting on your body.

Feeling a bit naughty and playful, I picked her up even higher and shifted her body to my shoulder. Now her ass was pointed at the ceiling and her lower legs were flailing around while still laughing. With almost a jump in my movements I went out the back door into the yard and toward the pool. With a combination fall jump we went into the deep end with a loud splash and an ear splitting shriek from Molly.

The coolness of the water was a shock to the senses. It being still early the sun had not heated the pool a great deal and the cold, especially in the deep end caused me to disengage from Molly quickly. Upon reaching the surface, Molly was already there and shoved water en mass toward me. She then swam up to me and spit out a long stream into my face while commenting that I was a dirty old man and needed to clean myself up. As Molly turned to swim off, I reached out and got a hold of her one ass cheek and held it as she futility tried to swim away. This was all pleasurable as we laughed continually.

The cold was getting to me, so I released Molly who commenced to swim some laps. I exited the pool and skipped over to a lounger where I could spread out and let the sun that was out, erase some of the chill. I guess I relaxed a little extra, because I started to nod off when my body temperature was comfortable again. I hardly felt the sag of the lounger as another body was placed on it.

Molly had joined me on my spot and hovered over me, dripping cold water from her hair onto my chest. The drip from her crotch was hitting my navel as she teased me with her tits, running them along my chest. Needless to say, my alertness was back due to her and her wetness and I saw my cock rise and thicken. Molly thought all this funny and shook her wet head like a dog to coat me with pool water. To get the little tease to quit, I tugged on the back of her neck to force her face to mine and we passionately kissed.

Molly's pussy went into radar mode and her body slid down, pussy rubbing my groin as she tried for my dick. Having hit it, she rotated her hips as if trying to screw into my cock, which remarkably she was successful at. I wanted to impale her deeply; she wanted to tease me first by taking two to three inches in and rubbing that length very fast and often. Occasionally she would drive her hole down to my ball sack and after several deep strokes, would resume her earlier fucking method. Molly was an expert at fucking; if her intent was to make my cum boil, it was working and doing it well and quickly.

My hands held Molly's hips firmly as she rode my rod with blinding precision. As my orgasm was approaching rapidly, I wanted nothing more than to deep root as much as possible, but Molly kept up her method. When I finally could not contain myself any longer I urged her to let me deep into her pussy, instead she disengaged from me so that my cum shots sprayed onto her legs, pussy and ass as she hovered inches above me. Some of the cum dripped back down onto my crotch area; Molly slid down to that area and began to lap it up with her tongue. 

With last night still weighing heavily on my seed production, I was surprised that three strong ropes fired from my loins. It certainly was enough for Molly to spend some time licking it all up. When she was apparently satisfied that she had done a good job, she looked at me with a devilish smile and jumped off me and the lounger and did a dive back into the pool. Watching her swim and then turn at the far end with her gorgeous hiney sticking out of the water made me happy to be living on this street.

After letting the high of my cumming diminish, I got to go inside and finally get some coffee. Thinking that it may be time for Janet to also get up, I poured two cups and was going to surprise her in bed. When I passed the couch on the way to the master bedroom, I made notice that the couch was now empty and the blanket we had over Molly and Henry was now tossed on the floor.

I should have known by now, what you don't see means there is something going on. Turning the corner into our master suite, there was Janet, bent over on the bed with her ass high in the air with that jackhammer boy Henry, driving his long thin cock deeply into Janet's cunt. They must have been at it a while for they had a sweat sheen and a soaked bed. Janet saw me standing there with two cups of coffee and smiled while telling me to come over.

"Jack, she panted in between the thrusts from Henry, I saw you outside with Molly and it was so hot. So when Henry came out of the bathroom earlier, I was playing with my pussy while seeing you out the window. So you can see how this happened."

Henry was silent the whole time, just doing his yeomen's work on that snapping pussy. Setting the coffee down, probably never to be drunk, I let Janet, who had her tongue dangling out, slurp a little on my rod, which by now was semi erect. What she could do orally now far surpassed when we were first married. I guess practice makes perfect in all things. I knew I would not be able to come again so soon, so I disengaged and made the comment I was taking a shower.

Refreshed from the rinse, I slipped on some shorts and a tee and entered the bedroom again. The action on the bed had slowed some; Henry was still happily plugging Janet's pussy, this time from the side in a scissor position. Some dried cum on Janet's stomach indicated that this may be round two or more.

I walked out, wanting to check on some stuff, I heard Molly still gleefully splashing in the pool. I remembered I had not brought in the paper from this morning or the mail so I strode outside into a warmer than before morning. Gazing down the street I spotted neighbor Martha outside in conversation with another neighbor who I did not know but had seen before. Martha was dressed inappropriately, a bulky thick robe that covered her completely from the neck to the ankles. It really looked strange for a summer day. I did not see her husband Ned's truck, so I assumed he was already out.

The other neighbor left Martha, who now spotted me and waved me over. Curious about what she may want, I went to her. I also felt a little guilty for last night, revealing a submissive side to her as she gave me a more that pleasant blowjob.

"Morning Martha, how are you doing today?"

"Fine Jack, thank you for asking. Listen are you any good on appliances? I was hoping Ned would be back, I've got a toaster that's out and I could use some help."

"Is Ned already gone so early this morning?"

"No, Ned never made it back last night. His group spent hours looking for that leak and finally found it and fixed it. They have been involved in the cleanup since then. I don't expect him home till late afternoon at best."

"Man that's too bad. What is it that's broke again? I consider myself a decent fix it guy."

"It's our toaster, it's just not working and it is plugged in."

I followed Martha inside to take a look. Walking behind her, she did appear a little wider in the body plus not as curvy as last night. I don't really know why she is so timid and shy in the group. She is fairly attractive for a woman in her early 50's, and she is sweet, so I really don't know what the deal is. Being a big tit lover I couldn't help but notice to that the robe did cover much, her tits seemed quite large and sagging.

Once inside it was easy to find the toaster problem, a tripped GFI. Getting it reset, Martha thanked me and insisted I stay for some of her toast with homemade preserves she had just opened. The stuff was absolutely delicious and we sat and ate at the kitchen table. 

Martha seemed very relaxed around me and came across as comfortable, so I thought I would do a little fishing about her stand away attitude at the parties. I mean, basically if you were not going to play, why go in the first place? She wasn't gawking or acting like a voyeur, so I was being nosy.

"Martha, please let me apologize for last night. I should not have taken the liberty of ordering you to, well, blow me. I hope you can forgive me for being out of line."

"Nonsense Jack. I love being at the parties. You might not believe it but I do get off on watching the activities, I only wish I felt comfortable to participate."

This was news. To admit she would like to do more with the group, but something was holding her back, really peaked by inquisitive side. I always love a mystery and this was turning into one.

"So Martha, tell me, why are you not comfortable? I mean we all have some issues; look at Edna, she thought squirting would turn people off and she was so wrong."

Martha was staring down at the floor, obviously debating if should continue with our conversation.

"I don't have Edna's issue." She answered abruptly.

Trying to stay on topic, I responded with, "It can't be so bad you have a problem talking about it."

"My problem goes back some 20 years when I first had my two boys, who are now in college. Things were tough for us then; Ned was working for someone else and not making much, I had to quit my job when one of our sons's got sick. While home with him and really not moving around much, I gained quite a bit of weight. With that, Ned and I did not make love much and that compounded my issue. I was a closet overeater."

I thought I might get some deep psychological thriller type explanation; this seemed very ordinary. A woman getting a little overweight after birthing a couple kids; husband loses a little sex drive, all pretty standard stuff.

"Martha you look fine now, I really can't see your viewpoint on the weight."

I was being fairly honest to her. In reality she was no lightweight and her figure wasn't that great but after all, she was in her 50's had two kids and led a sedentary life. Martha appeared to be maybe 5'7 and about 160-170 pounds. Her tits sagged but were quite beefy and her chest was at least 40. No, I just did not see what she had such an issue with.

After my comment, Martha sat up straight in her chair and her tits moved nicely under her frock. I believed she was ready to talk some more.

"Thanks for the compliment on my size. I know I'm still heavy and I'm working on losing more weight but it is getter harder. No, the problem is much more than that. I weigh 175 now but almost two years ago I was over 340."

This was a surprise, but I never really knew any of the people on our street, so I didn't recall seeing this extra large woman several houses down.

"Martha that is fantastic, I'm proud that you took it upon yourself to help yourself and your family. That could not have been easy and the results are dramatic to say the least."

I was impressed actually that someone would work that hard to achieve what Martha obviously had. I observed some relief on Martha's face as we talked; my comments were relaxing her to talk more.

"Well Jack it has certainly been a long road but there are still many bumps in it. With my weight gain, which started after the first baby and just kept going after number two, everything on me grew. My breasts almost doubled in size and my pussy became the Grand Canyon. Both my boys were 10 pounds plus and I never recovered. But worse than all, the weight loss has left me with a ton of extra skin which makes me look horrible."

With that last comment, Martha's eyes got wet and she began wiping her face.

Feeling that I might have hurt her, I went over to her side of the table and rubbed her shoulders, while feeling tense, did ease under my fingers. I tried to comfort her with some words and continuing the massage.

"I think you look fine Martha, but if it is bothering you so much why don't you look into skin removal surgery? I'm sure you're a viable candidate based on your loss."

"I have checked on it and that's one of the problems. I'm still losing some weight and I have to reach my goal and maintain it for a while. Also it is elective surgery, not covered by insurance. And the best doctors seem to be in the plastic surgery business and they are very high priced."

"How high is high?"

"25-35,000."

I was stunned at that number. No wonder she had low esteem and felt beaten down. That was a lot of money for cosmetic work, but since I did not know what was involved and could not determine if that was exorbitant or just average. I suddenly felt a lot of sympathy for my neighbor, since this was really bothering her.

My massage was rolling off her shoulders now and hitting the top of her back. I also started to rub right below her neckline on her upper chest. I was thinking more of the conversation than where my fingers may be going. I guess I was providing some comfort because Martha took my hand from her upper chest and held me by the wrist while patting me. I was delighted that she was so relaxed around me.

Before I knew it my hand was massaging one of her large breasts. Even with the fabric of her thick robe and nightgown, the thickness of her tit felt great. As my hand wandered down to the tip, I was surprised to find how low her nipple was as well as the feel of it. Martha had her head back with soft moans emitting from deep in her throat as she let me continue. I removed my hand to use on unbuttoning her frock. Once done, her nightgown had several frilly laces along the front which I pulled apart. I now had clear access to her tits and began to pull them out. While definitely not the size of our other neighbor Edna, the tits were very heavy and thick. When I pulled one up to my lips, the nipple showed clearly and I was alarmed to notice it was the size of a child's pacifier with almost the same texture.

When my tongue made contact with her breasts, Martha raised herself partially to meet my lips. Her moaning was almost non stop now and she started to verbalize, in a dirty way what she wanted.

"Suck my tits, suck them please, you're making me so wet."

It was unexpected but I liked it. It led me to believe that this woman had a lot of pent up lust and passion and the man lucky enough to break through would be amply rewarded. I was going to continue this journey as far as it could go.

"Bite my tits! Oh fuck, squeeze them hard. Oh God I must suck your cock."

Some language is more like music so naturally I slid my shorts down and gave Martha access to my dick. We looked like interwoven pretzels as I lavished her tits with hand and tongue and she sucked my cock with relish. She did this well last night, but today there was a new sense of lust in how she attacked me, especially my nuts. Her licking on my balls and then sucking them had my cock at record hardness.

"Oh fuck I'm cumming, I'm cummming!" Martha squealed out between the chomping on my nuts.

Wow, I was just sucking and fondling her tits and she was sucking my cock and the end result was a massive chain of orgasms for her. I could picture myself partying with this woman a lot. I never would have guessed this much lust could be bottled up by one person.

"Oh, oh, I'm cumming again!"

I had the desire to check out more, so I let one hand leave a tit and slide to her cunt after snaking up her nightshirt. I did encounter some extra folds of skin she was worried about but she was still covered for all practical purposes and did not stop me. I was still a few inches from her hole but the heat emanating from there was obvious. I slipped my middle finger in and felt nothing; sliding two more fingers in was the same. I now believed her about the earlier Grand Canyon comment. 

Reshaping my hand with my thumb held tightly in my palm, I inserted again into her pussy. My hand went all the in. Letting my fingers expand I hit her walls at which time she was orgasmic again and lifted her lower body. I used my hand to fuck her; while hitting on her clit, Martha lost it and convulsed wildly with her eyes rolled back spewing out "fuck, fuck" over and over again. Man was I stoked, a woman loosing all inhibitions and letting it all hang out was massively erotic.

I knew my cock would not feel at home in her pussy but I needed to get off soon as my balls were bursting. With her gyrations due to her constant orgasms, Martha was incapable of sucking my cock and had let it go earlier. With my hand still fisting her, I got her up and over the back of the chair. Raising her gown higher without revealing to much more of her body, I uncovered her backside and with my hand, probed her asshole.

I got some encouragement.

Yes, fuck my ass, I need my ass fucked! Ned fucks my ass only once in a while."

That was all the invitation I needed. Quickly lining myself up, I roughly plunged my ready cock hard into her ass. I met some resistance but it easily went in and felt tight and cozy. Martha's spasms of lust went on and on. Taking my hand from her cunt so I could better fuck her ass, it was dripping wet when I placed it on her hip.

The constant passion that Martha was exuding was a massive turn on. I knew the primary pleasure I was receiving from my hookup with her was her over the top arousal which did my ego wonders. I got lost in the sea of lust as I pounded her ass harder and harder while she wailed on and on. My hands had trouble keeping on her hips as she gyrated so much, I reached below and latched onto her swinging tits which were also out of control, banging into each other and back and forth. I tugged hard on her nipples between my fore and middle fingers which made her howl more. 
