 When we returned from vacation Alan and I slipped right back into our old life, which pretty much amounted to work and more work. Alan was staying in the office late nearly every night, and my boss had a bunch of new assignments waiting for my attention. As much as we had wanted to continue exploring the new aspects of our sexuality - well - we just didn't have the time or energy. We had to make do with the memories of lounging on the beach with my boobs hanging out, or letting everything hang out with our friends in the hotel. 

One of the new parts of my job was working more closely with our suppliers. This involved a lot of direct contact as well as analyzing the technical work. One Friday I was asked to go into the city and spend the day going over specs with a supplier's geek team. The first person I met when I got there was Shayla. She had been my contact at the company, although we'd never met face to face. She was a lot different in person than I had expected. On the phone she always seemed a little officious and stuffy. However in person I found her to be a strong and likable woman, one of those women who are more attractive than they are pretty. She was slender with long brown hair and wore wire-rim glasses. The attractiveness came from the air of confidence about her - she was a woman who commanded respect at the same time openly expressing her feminity. She had the geeks eating out of her hand. Even the women on the squad seemed eager to please her, treating her with a deference that almost had a sexual overtone. It certainly made my work easier because there was none of the bullshit I usually have to put up with from techies. 

After a morning with the geeks Shayla and I spent the afternoon in her office going over the data I had collected. As I sat across the desk from her I learned something else about her - she wasn't wearing a bra. No wonder the guys loved her. In addition, I strongly suspected that it was no accident when she gave me glimpses down her blouse. After all, I'm a show-off myself and I recognized the moves: bending over just a little further than necessary when showing me a document; using that little half-shrug to ensure that her top hangs open; making certain that every time I was looking at her in profile it was toward the open side of her blouse; occasionally throwing her shoulders back in a stretch that displayed her nipples against the cloth. I enjoy doing that sometimes and I discovered that I also enjoyed being the recipient of it. The experiences I'd had with Marion and May while on vacation had made me much more aware of other women's bodies and Shayla was definitely flaunting hers. Somehow I managed to understand the technical stuff that was the reason for my visit - but it took a lot of willpower. 

As we were wrapping up I mentioned that my husband would be working late. "I probably won't see him until eight or nine. That's when he's been getting home lately since we got back from vacation in Jamaica. But it's a real bummer on a Friday night" 

"If you don't have any plans," Shayla said, "let's have dinner together." 

"Sounds good to me." 

As we talked I discovered that Shayla lived in a suburb that I'd have to drive through to get home, and not far from where Alan worked. "Why don't you stop at my place and we can order a pizza or something?" Was this lead-up to a seduction, I wondered. "You could call your husband and have him come over when he gets through at work," she added. 

So maybe not, damn it. Briefly I thought of Marion, Alan and I rolling around a' trois on our bed in Jamaica. "Cut that out lady," I thought. "You're gonna get all hot and bothered for nothing. Get your mind out of your panties - or Shayla's panties." I made a mental note to demand that Alan fuck me good when we got home. I obviously needed to get laid. 

Shayla gave me directions to her house and I called Alan about meeting us there when he got free. Then I told Shayla that I'd be over in about an hour and I would bring some wine. "Great, see you soon," she told me as I left. 

It was closer to an hour and a half before I got there. I parked behind her car and noticed a bumper sticker telling me that 'Goddess Lives.' A very interesting woman, I thought as I knocked on her door. "Hi," Shayla said, holding the door open for me. "Let me go pour us some of this," she said as she took the wine from me and walked away, not acknowledging that one of us (me) was wearing a crumpled business suit and one (she) was wearing a necklace - only a necklace. 

"That's a great idea. I think I really need a drink right now," I said to her bare little bottom as she walked to the kitchen. As she was opening the wine I had a chance to really observe her. Her breasts were smaller than I had thought, but her nipples were larger. They were hard and pointing straight out, so much so that I wondered if, despite her nonchalance, she might be more turned on by the situation than she let on. I also saw her lack of pubes, she was shaved smooth. Was she just a little bit moist, or was that more wishful thinking. 

As she handed me my drink she finally acknowledged her state of undress. "Did I mention I was a nudist? I never wear anything around the house." 

"No, I don't believe you mentioned it," I replied. "I would have remembered that." 

"Hope it doesn't make you uncomfortable," she said. I didn't think she really meant that. 

"No, not really, naked people don't shock me," I told her before taking a big gulp of wine. I didn't really mean that either. 

Shayla suggested that we go into the living room and sit down. Once there, she settled on the couch, her legs tucked under her. I sat in a recliner across from her. In an effort to keep my eyes off her sexy body my gaze settled on the necklace she was wearing. It was a pendant hanging from a thin gold chain which looked like three crescent moons entwined. Interesting necklace, "I said."Very pretty." 

"Thanks," she said, fingering it. "This is a Wiccan symbol of femininity. The moons reflect the three seasons of a woman's life." 

"So, you're a Wiccan? Is the nudity a part of your religious beliefs?" 

"Yes, I'm a Wiccan priestess. But no, nudity is not really essential to the religion. Some Covens still hold their rituals Skyclad - that is clad only by the light of the sky. But not all even do that. I did get started as a nudist at Wiccan ceremonies, but mainly I just like it." 

"Aren't Wiccans said to use virgins as their altar?" 

"Virgins are getting too hard to find," she said with a laugh. "Actually we usually use a table. For instance I use this coffee table as an altar sometimes," indicating the table in front of the sofa. "But I've also been fucked on that table, which kind of blows the virgin idea." 

"Uh" I said, "why would you do it on the coffee table when there's a perfectly comfortable sofa right there?" 

"The sofa was occupied at the time," she responded. 

"Well, there you go." I said with a shrug. I wondered if she thought she was shocking me. But after what Alan and I had experienced, I was hard to shock. In fact, I had my own shock in mind for her. "Why don't you get us some more wine while I go to the bathroom," I said. I was gonna need the wine. 

"Sure, she said, getting up - giving me a great view of her bare pussy when she did. The Little Man was peaking out and he definitely looked swollen. "The bath is down the hall there." 

When I returned to the living room she was sitting on the sofa with our glasses on the end table next to her. I wasn't surprised that she didn't show any reaction at how I was dressed. I had on exactly what she had, minus the pendant. I stopped a moment, letting her take in the fact that my breasts were a little larger than hers, although with smaller nipples. And that I too was completely shaved down below. I walked over and as I bent to pick up my glass my boobs hung directly in her face. "Did I mention that I'm an exhibitionist?" I asked. 

"No," she said. "But I'm glad you are." I sat down next to her. "So, tell me about Jamaica," she said, as if a naked woman sitting next to her was an every day thing. "Did you get to any of their nude beaches?" 

"No, just the topless ones," I replied. 

"Bet these were a big hit there," she said as she reached over and cupped one of my breasts in her hands. I tried not to shiver as she ran her thumb over my nipple. 

"The guys seemed to like them," I said as she took her hand away. "And some of the women too," I added. "These are nice also," I said, reaching out and touching one of her tits. "Very nice," I said as I rolled the long tip between my fingers. "We did spend a lot of time naked there, though. With some new friends we made." 

"Oh yeah," she said, her hand on my leg, her fingers stroking the inside of my thigh "I want to hear more about that," Shayla said as she took her glasses off. I closed my eyes and she sucked gently on my breast. Her fingers were moving closer to my pussy. I wondered if she could smell my desire. "Did you have sex with these friends?" she asked before kissing my nipple again. 

"Yes." 

Kiss "The women too?" 

"Yes." 

Kiss. "Did you like it?" 

"Yes." 

Kiss. "Do you want to have sex with me?" she asked. 

"Yes," I answered, pulling her face up to mine. We looked each other in the eye a moment, and then I pressed my mouth to hers. Her tongue was between my lips, her hand moving between my legs. "Yes," I whispered once again as she penetrated me with her fingers. "Oh yes I do." 

Shayla pulled her face away from mine and eased my legs apart. Then she began kissing me on the neck. I put my hands on her shoulders and gently moved her head down. She kissed both of my nipples, then moved on down, running her tongue down my belly until it was just teasing my slit. Looking up at me she said, "Tell me what you want, Kim." 

"I want you. I want you to do me." 

"Do what? You have to tell me before I do it," she teased. 

"I want you to make love to me, to eat my pussy. Please," I begged, "Eat my pussy, Shayla" Immediately she pressed her mouth against my lower lips, forcing her tongue into my cunt. "Oh yes, yes, yes Shayla." I put my hands on the back of her head. Not to guide her, you don't need to guide another woman, she knows just where you want to be touched and licked. But I wanted to feel her, touch her as she pleased me. 

And please me she did. Her tongue alternated between my cunt and my clit, getting harder and deeper with each exploration. Just when I thought I couldn't take it any longer she would back off and gently blow her breath onto me, before plunging her face back to my pussy. "Oh god, Shayla," I murmured. "Make me cum, please, make me cum." Then, "OHSHITOHYESYESYES," as she shoved her fingers deep into me. My back arched, forcing me hard against her face as the orgasm surged through my body. I continued screaming as she sucked and licked and fingered me through climax after climax. Finally I pulled her face away from my crotch. She rose slightly until I was kissing her open-mouthed. I could taste my sex, my cum, on her mouth. 

As we kissed we twisted around until she was lying on her back on the sofa with me on top of her. My leg was between hers and I could feel the heat and moisture of her crotch against my thigh. "My turn now," I whispered. "Tell me what you want; what you want me to do." 

"Eat my pussy, please Kim. Do it." I began trailing kisses down her body until I was positioned on my knees between her legs. I held her pussy lips open and ran my nose over it, inhaling the strong aroma of her sex, before flicking my tongue into her. She let out a little sigh as I contacted her large swollen nub. Her clit was as big around as my little finger and just over an inch long, as it throbbed in time with her pulse. Shoving my face against her, I stuck my tongue as deeply into her as I could get it. The smell and taste of her desire was overwhelming. I licked at the moisture in her for a moment, and then slowly began teasing her clit. As she got more excited I sucked the Little Man between my lips, at the same time exploring her insides with my fingers. More and more honey was running out of her and I lapped at it. My mouth slid down over her lips, then on down. Pussy juice was running into her ass crack and I licked at it, penetrating that tiny hole with my tongue as well. Shayla was making inarticulate noises, noises of pure pleasure, telling me she was cumming - as if I couldn't tell that by what was flowing from her. Over and over again she came, first with my tongue in her ass and my fingers in her cunt, then with my tongue in her cunt and a finger up her butt. The whole time I was rubbing her clit with my thumb. 

I don't know how many orgasms she had, but eventually she pulled my face away from her sex and we kissed again, this time she got to taste her sex on my face. We lay with our bodies pressed together a long time before finally disengaging and sat up, reaching for our drinks. We both downed our wine in a single gulp. "I better call Alan," I said. 

"You're not gonna tell him what to expect, are you?" Shayla asked, sounding slightly disappointed 

"Of course not, I'm going to tell him to pick up more wine." 

"Good idea," she agreed. "I'll go pour us another round." As she walked to the kitchen I watched that ass of hers again. This time I could see it glistening with the mixture of her cum and my saliva. 

When Shayla came back with our glasses I called Alan. He agreed to pick up more wine and I went over the directions with him again. I tried to keep my voice steady despite the fact Shayla was sucking on my tit the whole time. When we hung up I told her, "He said he'll be at least an hour." 

"So," she said, "Think we can come up with anything to do while we wait?" 

"I believe we can," I said as I moved my hand between her legs. We kissed and played with each other a while, then she suggested we go to the bedroom. No argument from me. As soon as we got there I laid down on my back with Shayla on her knees next to me. "Sixty-nine" I said. The words were no sooner out of my mouth when she swung her leg over, her pussy directly above my face. Slowly she lowered herself until my lips were on hers. As I licked at her, she began licking at me. Quickly we were pressed face to cunt, cunt to face - sharing a massive orgasm. 

* * * * * 

I was a little surprised when Kim called me about coming by her friend's house after work. Usually we were both so tired when we got off that socializing was the last thing on our minds. But I was glad to be doing something besides going home and falling asleep. Then when she called the second time to tell me to pick up some wine it began to sound like an enjoyable evening. Maybe not as much fun as the evenings we'd spent on vacation, but at least something different. "Shall I get a small bottle of expensive wine, or a large bottle of the cheap stuff?" I asked. 

"Definitely the large one," she answered. 

"Sounds good to me," I said, hoping we wouldn't both have headaches the next morning. 

I managed to find the house without much trouble. When I knocked on the door Kim called out, "Come on in, Honey, the doors unlocked." As soon as I was inside, well, I almost dropped the wine. There was Kim and a good looking brunette sitting on the sofa. Kim had her arm around the other woman's shoulder and both were completely naked. "Holy shit," I thought. "I think I just won the lottery." 

"Alan, this is Shayla. Shayla, Alan," Kim said. 

"Uh, glad to meet you, I stammered." Do you offer to shake hands with a naked woman you've just met? I was a little fuzzy on the etiquette. Kim got up and took the bottle out of my hand. I'd forgotten I was holding it. 

"I'll go pour us each a glass," she said. 

As Kim walked out of the room Shayla reached out and took my hand in hers. "Kim didn't exaggerate when she said you were a hunk, did she?" Hunk. Me. I didn't really think so. But then I stopped thinking when Shayla pulled me down until my face was nearly touching hers. Somehow our lips were together and her tongue was in my mouth. As we kissed I sank to my knees. Between her knees actually. I broke the kiss, then leaned forward and began kissing one of her nipples. Before I knew it Shayla's beautiful pussy was right in front of my face. She was shaved, just like Kim. I could see her erect clit and moisture forming on her lips and could smell her sex. Tentatively I ran my tongue over those lips and large clit, and then pushed it inside her. "Oooh, that's nice," she purred as I licked at her. She put one leg behind my neck and pulled me tighter. I teased her big clit with my tongue while easing two fingers into her cunt. She was so hot, so wet I was sure Kim had been there before me. 

As I was feasting on Shayla's pussy Kim returned. She sat down next to us on the sofa. "Don't stop, Alan. Please don't stop. I'm so close." Her clit was swelling against my tongue. I worked my fingers harder in and out of her cunt. I felt a hand on the back of my head and realized it was Kim's. Looking up I could see that Kim was sucking on one of Shayla's nipples. Just then Shayla screamed, "Oh yes oh fuck yes I'MCUMINGI'MCUMMING." The juice was flooding out of her, soaking my face and hand. 

Finally she pushed me away and Kim leaned down and kissed me. "God Alan, you taste like pussy." Then she kissed me again. "And I love it." 

Shayla then kissed me. "Oh yeah, I love the taste of my sex on a man's face." Then turning to Kim she added, "Almost as much as I loved tasting it on yours, lover." As I watched the two of them kissed passionately. 

When they broke the kiss Kim said, "I think someone here is overdressed." She began opening my shirt while Shayla worked on my pants. As soon as I was undressed both women dropped to their knees. Kim held my dick up and the women's tongues met around it, then Shayla took me completely into her mouth while Kim licked at my balls. They continued licking and sucking and kissing me - and kissing each other - a few minutes, then Kim pulled away. "Enough of this, you've got a job to do honey." Smiling at Shayla, still sucking my cock, she went on, "I think our new lover here needs to be fucked. Think he's up to it, Shayla?" 

Shayla took me out of her mouth and shook me gently. "Yep, I'm sure he's up to it. Let's go get in bed." 

As soon as we got to the bedroom Shayla laid down on her back. Kim knelt beside her as I positioned myself on my knees between Shayla's legs. Kim took hold of my dick and began rubbing the tip along Shayla's wet slit before forcing my head between the lips. I arched my back, driving my cock deep into the warmth of Shayla's cunt where I could feel her biting at me. As I worked myself in and out Kim began sucking again on Shayla's nipple. Shayla slid her hand under Kim to her crotch and I could see her penetrating my wife's pussy with her fingers while Kim caressed my balls. Soon we were all making happy sex sounds. Shayla wrapped her legs tight around my butt as she began cumming again. I froze, buried as deeply as I could get in her body, trying to delay my own orgasm. "Give it to me," Shayla demanded. "Cum with me, give it to me." That's when my wife shoved a finger up my butt and I lost all control. My cock exploded inside the woman's cunt. Again and again I throbbed as my balls emptied themselves until I was completely spent. My dick began to shrink and soon it slipped out of its confinement. Both women kissed me, then I lay down on Shayla's left side and Kim stretched out on her right. 

After we caught our breath Shayla turned to Kim and said, "Honey, I think your husband's cum is leaking out of me." Kim reached down and touched the woman's pussy. 

"Yep, it sure is." 

"You wanna taste it?" Shayla asked. 

"Uh huh," Kim said, nodding. Shayla got on her knees, straddling Kim's face. As I watched, Kim pulled Shayla's lips apart and a string of spunk oozed out until it was touching my wife's lips. As Kim licked at the semen, Shayla slowly lowered herself until Kim's tongue was inside her. 
