 "Ugh. I hate group jobs. I swore after the last one, never again." Molly groaned, pulling a pillow over her face. She and Shayla were lying in a queen-sized bed, taking full advantage of the five hours left on Molly's last trick's luxury suite. 

"These guys are different." Shayla sighed dreamily, twirling her long, blonde extensions. She had been acting strange since she got back from last week's group gig. "They're not frat boys--to them, its like, spiritual or something." 

Molly raised a suspicious eyebrow. She loved Shayla, but they were in the business for different reasons altogether--Molly started working as an "escort" to pay for school, Shayla because she was had dropped out of high school and found herself with no other skills. She got fucked often enough, she reasoned, why not get paid for it? Molly, alternately, didn't date at all through school--too busy with research and writing. She didn't mind sex with clients, it wasn't much worse than waitressing, and paid much better, at least. She thought she'd fall right into a good, straight job as soon as she graduated--two years ago. The economy was, she joked bitterly and often, literally fucking her. 

"You do remember my last, and only, private party?" Molly asked Shayla. It had been a sad little frat affair--five or ten fat, loud, drunk guys who attempted to gang-bang her, but only two or three managed to keep a hard dick. She'd had to suck limp cocks that dripped with early ejaculate, while sticky, soft hands searched her body, groping her breasts and sloppily slapped her pussy. Molly had slept with old men, with very old men, with men whose disabilities caused her to manually erect their penises with pumps or fingers in their asses, and she'd taken it all in stride. Men like that usually treated her with respect. They were happy just to have a pretty girl treating their cocks nicely in their bed--happy to have her lithe, firm body next to them, to watch her dark, curly hair bob in their laps. She didn't even mind the occasional face fuck from these guys, or the odd "bitch" and "whore" thrown out at the height of passion (so long as the apologized before their load had gone cold inside her). But those entitled assholes groping her, without the decency to even stay hard in front of her beautiful, pert tits? No thank you. 

"I swear these guys are different." Shayla giggled, rolling over. "God, just thinking about it makes me wet. Wanna feel?" 

"Nice try, lady." Molly pushed her away. 

"Oh, come on." Shayla said, licking her lips enticingly, her hand creeping to Molly's breast. 

"What's so different about them?" Molly asked, sighing, acquiescing to Shayla's hand under her robe, feeling the warmth radiating from her tweaked nipple. 

"I'm not allowed to say." Shayla answered, beginning to suck Molly's nipple. She moved an expert hand to Moll's cunt and started to massage. This, Molly had decided long ago, was a perk of the job. She liked sex--when her partners were good at it--and Shayla as good at it. Gender didn't matter as much, these days. "Part of their deal. But its a thousand a guy." 

"Fuck!" Molly exclaimed, as Shayla's finger slipped inside of her, in response to both the sensation and the price.

"Okay, I'll do it." Molly said. "After I do you!." The girls laughed and pulled off one another's robes, as Molly buried her face in Shayla's shaven cunt. 

The address was not what Molly had been expecting. Usually, group jobs were in back of a bar, or at some sad little frat house or ranch style in a cheap suburb. This place was nice-- an older, somewhat Victorian house. She hadn't even been instructed to go in a back door. She had quite a list of instructions. Not to bathe, to show up dressed modestly, with complex undergarments. The man, who called himself Brother Heavener, had specified complex, he didn't seem to care about sexy. 

She rang the doorbell, and was happy when it was answered by a handsome man in his mid thirties, with clear blue eyes, a broad chest and shaggy hair that fell to his broad jaw line. He smiled, and in a strange way, Molly trusted him immediately.

"Brother Heavener?" She reached her hand out to meet his.

"Yes, beautiful girl. And your name is not Starla." He kissed her on the cheek. Starla was the name Molly used for tricks, and only seldom was it questioned.

She smiled, and allowed herself to be led inside. The house was lavishly decorated, and she wondered what kind of person would fill their house with gorgeous antiques and gang-bangs.

"No, you're right about that." she said.

"For this to work, we'll need to know your real name." Brother Heavener said.

"Like Heavener is your real name." She teased.

"It is now." He looked into her eyes intensely, and to her great surprise, Molly found herself getting wet.

"For what to work?" Molly changed the subject.

"We're a group that specifies in...well, transcendent experiences for women. May I kiss you?" 

Molly was flustered. She had never been asked this before. "Sure." Heavener kissed her deeply on the mouth, sucking her lower lip, looping her arms around her and pulling her in close. She expected to feel a raging hard on, but there was nothing. As if sensing her misgiving, Heavener said :

"We all have excellent self control. Until you're ready, I'm not ready. Thank you for the kiss. You're a very sensual woman. Are you ready to meet the group?" 

Brother Heavener placed a strong hand in the small of Molly's back and led her to the next room, where five other men waited. Molly blanched a little, realizing with a group this small, each would expect a turn, probably in all of her holes. At least with awful frat jobs there were a lot of spectators--nothing wore her out quite like too many customers in one day. Sensing her distress, Heavener leaned and whispered in her ear, "Don't worry. We can give you time." 

Time for what? Molly wondered. 

Heavener led her to an old fashioned chaise--upholstered in leather, lying on it arced her back, and, she knew, would offer easy access when the men began straddling her.

The other men stayed quiet, and instead of rubbing themselves as she was so used to men doing when they saw her laid out, could not take their eyes off her. 

"Goddess Shayla was right about you." One finally spoke. He was smaller, with dark hair and eyes, and broad hands. Goddess? Molly thought.

"She said you were gorgeous."

The other men nodded in assent.

"Did she say anything else about me?" Molly asked, teasingly. It helped her to take on a persona of playful sexuality in these situations, despite her usual reluctance.

"She said you'd try to joke your way around this." Another man answered. He was dark-skinned, with wide shoulders and a sly smile. 

"You need to be yourself, Goddess. Be honest." One of the remaining men, identical to the one sitting next to him twins?! thought Molly said, and the brothers nodded their close-cut blonde heads together. 

"Enough talk." Heavener said. "Let's get started. " James, ready our Goddess." 

The dark-skinned man nodded, and removed Molly's outer coat. He brushed his lips across her neck and she shivered.

"Not ready yet?" Heavener asked. "That's fine. Let me tell you what we do here." 

Molly felt James's big, strong hands slide down her sides, feeling the taught shape made by her corset. His fingers started on the laces, loosening them, but he did not yet expose her breasts.

"We show women how far they can go. Tim, get the oil." Heavener gestured to the small man, who produced a bottle of a sweet-smelling oil he began to rub between his hands.

"We make them come." Heavener continued, as James' hands eased Molly's stockings off, as she lifted each leg obediently. He was nuzzling his nose against her neck again, and now she acquiesced. Somehow, she felt more comfortable already. " It's almost a...spiritual experience for us." Heavener said, as the man he'd called Tim began to massage the oil into Molly's legs. She let out a little moan, and allowed herself to be lifted by James' strong arms and laid her down on the chaise. Tim massaged in wider and wider strokes, nearer and nearer Molly's shaven pussy. Involuntarily, she arced her back toward the sensation.

"Does that feel good?" Heavener asked.

Molly nodded. It was rare that a trick actually made her feel good--but she could feel herself getting wet. She wanted a hand on her cunt.

"Ask." Heavener demanded.

"Rub my cunt." She gasped, feeling Tim's hand immediately move to her mound, holding her whole pussy. He kneaded it firmly, and she felt herself slipping. 

"Goddess Molly, do you give us permission to make you feel good?"

Molly nodded desperately, grinding her hips against Tim's eager hand.

"You won't be able to respond later. You need to be sure." 

James slipped her corset off, flicking her nipples. Molly moaned and instinctively started pushing her tits up toward him.

"Yes, yes. Make me feel good, make me cum!" She leaned her head back and James kissed her upside down, long and sensually, sucking her sweet bottom lip. The twins moved to her tits, each taking a nipple in their mouths and sucking deep. Molly gasped and looked to Tim desperately. As if reading her mind, he moved his head between her legs and began to lick. He was merciless, and talented. She had never been eaten so well. The twins continued sucking, as James offered deep kisses--and Molly was shocked to feel she was close to coming. She gasped.

Heavener laughed. "First one of the night. Do her, boys." Molly's body flushed, and she writhed beneath the men--only to feel them pull away.

"What? Please, please! Finish me!" She pleaded. Heavener himself smiled, and gestured to the men. She looked around and saw all their erect cocks, and knew what they were asking.

"You!" She said to Tim "In my pussy! And you!" She looked up at James "Get that cock in my mouth." Secretly, Molly loved giving head, loved the feel of wrapping her lips really thick, really hard, pulsing dick. As if they had practiced a thousand times before, she felt both holes filled up at once--Tim slid in and James pulled her head back, shoving his giant cock inside. Molly had never felt so filled up--the men moved in perfect rhythm, as the twins moved their hands all over her body. 

"Faster! Harder!" She shouted frantically, before pulling James' cock back inside her mouth. Tim pounded harder, faster, as one of the twins rubbed her clit with his thumb. 

"I can't hold it anymore!" Tim shouted, grunting. With one final thrust, he let lose a huge, hot load of cum into Molly's pussy. Feeling the stick sperm inside her pushed Molly over the edge, and she came again, her contracting cunt pushing some of the load out. 

She lay panting. She couldn't move any more--she paralyzed with pleasure. 

James grabbed her head, and roughly shoved his cock in over and over. Molly didn't care, it felt so good to be wanted so badly. 

"Shoot it." She muttered, unsure if he could understand. "I want to eat your cum." She sucked as hard as she could muster, and feeling James' balls jerk, swallowed the hot spurt of cum from his thick black dick.

"Goddess has a sweet mouth." He said, and kissed her, even as his own cum dripped from her lips. Molly felt so satisfied, sucking on his lips with savor. She was limp with pleasure, exhausted with the force of her pleasure, as she felt herself lifted from the chaise. 

"We always share." One of the twins whispered, his breath warm on her neck. She leaned in to kiss him on the mouth, and used what little strength she had left to reach back and stroke his brother's hair. She'd heard Shayla talk about this kind of experience before, being passed back and forth between two cocks--Shayla, of course, loved it. It wasn't until she felt a hard cock pushed against her asshole that she realized what the men intended to do to her.

"No..." she gasped "No DP." 

The twin to her back began to massage her ass, stroking her hole.

"We only want to make you feel good." 

The men had proved themselves at this, Molly thought. She felt him push again at her anus with his thick cock tip. She was so wet from her cunt, dripping with both her juices and Tim's cum she felt it slide in easily, and out again just as easily. 

"Do it. Pound my ass and pussy together." She moaned, as the twins worked together, bouncing her on their identical dicks. She'd expected a sawing motion, being pushed back and forth between the men, but they worked in perfect rhythm, thrusting as one. They grunted, she could tell they were feeling their cocks rub together as they stretched her holes--she'd never been part of something so dirty. She began to thrust on her own, finding her second wind, winning another orgasm that gushed her own fluids and the cum inside her. The brothers, for their part, reached around Molly, pressing her close between them as they simultaneously unloaded into her raw cunt and her virgin asshole, kissing either side of her neck, their tongues occasionally finding one another. They kissed her gently on her cheek and forehead as they withdrew they cocks and lay her back on the chaise, where she sprawled, her holes oozing with cum, red, swollen. On her breasts and ass were small, thumbprint bruises of passion that matched a few she'd laid on the men too. 

Brother Heavener approached her. 

"Now."

Molly shook her head.

"I can't, I can't come anymore, I can barely move!" 

He shushed her.

"You don't have to. Nothing I love like a spent Goddess." He stroked his penis, as Molly watched it get thicker even than it had been as he watched her. She was too exhausted to demur, to say it was bad form for an escort to just lie back and take it. 

Brother Heavener slid into Molly's newly-widened pussy, sluicing through his associate's cum. Molly lay panting as Heavener picked up speed. Strangely, she felt her clit stirring again--there was no way she could come one more time.

"Ah, you like that, right?" Heavener asked, and she nodded weakly. He put a thumb to her clit and rubbed with his rhythmic motions. "You've been beautiful, you know that?" He asked her, leaning down to lick her nipples of the sweat and cum that soaked them. "One of the best." He said, a final thrust, and she felt his cock pulse, twitch, hot, thick jets inside her --

But more than that, she felt a tingling that started in her toes, a warmth that spread up her legs, through her chest, getting hotter at her cunt, and she felt herself squirting--something Molly never believed possible--as her body shook with the force of the strongest orgasm she'd ever felt.

Molly fainted. 

"Wake up, sleepy-slut." Molly heard Shayla call in a sing song voice.

"What happened?" Molly asked "Where are the boys?" 

Shayla shrugged.

"They've gone. That's how they do their thing--but they called me to pick you up." Molly thought to be embarrassed, as covered in cum and sweat as she was, but found herself quite clean. Someone had obviously bathed her carefully, gently even--the soreness she felt after a group job had been assuaged by a salve one of the kind men had massaged into her over-worked pussy.

Molly tried to stand, but Shayla stopped her.

"Don't try, lady. Or should I say Goddess." she laughed.

"They called you that too?" 

Shayla nodded. 

"They aren't a cult, I don't think. just, hangers on. Worshippers of the Goddess."

"Temple Goddesses are hard to come by, these days, I guess." Molly laughed, letting Shayla lead her toward the door.

"Oh, no. I think they make us come pretty easy." Shayla smiled, as the two women hobbled back to their car, both aglow with sex and vitality.