 “Action!” I shout. 

Looking at the monitors, I see my husband, Dick Philips, in a 69 position with Cheyenne, a major porn star, licking her pussy while she’s giving him a blowjob. I have three cameras trained on the action, from left to right, camera 1 - a close-up on Cheyenne’s mouth sucking cock, camera 2 - a wide shot, and camera 3 - a close-up on Dick slurping pussy. I am sitting behind a small mixing desk in a three camera outside broadcast van, ready to cut to the next shot. We are also rolling tape on all the cameras for the DVD selection. This is the second shooting day of my first porn film. I, Kat Philips, a masters' graduate in film from UCLA, am directing a porn movie. 

I select camera 2, the wide shot to establish the action. They’re fucking on a large four-poster bed, with white cotton sheets. We can see the tropical forest and turquoise ocean through the bay windows in the background. Dick plays a rich nobleman, running away from a lost love in England, and falls in love with two women. Cheyenne plays the owner of a local tavern that has taken a liking to the sad looking man. She is the one love interest of Dick’s character.

I cut to camera 1, Cheyenne sucking dick. She is very good. With her left hand, she tucks her shoulder length blond hair behind her ear, while holding Dick’s cock at the base with the other hand. She then slowly licks his head; moves down his shaft and up again. She brings his hard-on to her mouth and swallows the head. Her cheeks dimple with suction as she bobs her head up and down. Her natural breasts are squashed against Dick’s body. 

Dick has a beautiful cock, long and thick with a glistening purple head. A thick blue vein runs from his balls, snakes up around the shaft to disappear beneath the head. His balls are without a strand of hair, which makes sucking on those big sperm factories pure pleasure. I am amazed as Cheyenne swallows Dick to the hilt. She is good; no wonder male fans are crazy about her. But I hate her for it. I try not to think that Dick is my husband.

Then I detect something in her eyes. She is registering pleasure from Dick’s ministrations at her pussy. The few porn actresses I spoke to told me they sometimes have difficulty coming on set. They have to be so professional that they cannot allow an orgasm to take away their control.

I cut to camera 3, the action on Dick’s face. Cheyenne, the ever professional, has her left leg up to give the camera an unobstructed view to the action. Dick pumps two fingers of his right hand deep into her wet cunt, while sucking hard on her clit. He plays with her puffy pussylips, wiggling it with his tongue, then his chin. I can see on the monitor how the sexual pleasure is taking all control away from Cheyenne. Her legs begin to twitch, her cunt juices are flowing freely now, with Dick, ever the gentleman, slurping it up like a desert sucking up the rain. 

I cut to camera 2 to show how Ms Porn Star is giving up control. Her whole body is shaking, out pops Dick’s cock as she screams in ecstasy. I cut to camera 1, the close-up on Cheyenne’s face. She rears up like a striking cobra, roaring with pleasure. Her face is a study in radiance. She is definitely glowing with orgasmic bliss. I cut to camera 2 for a wide shot. Another rumble ripples through her body as she arches her back, before she collapses onto Dick, breathing heavily, her tanned back glistening with perspiration. Dick looks up, concerned. 

“Cut!” I shout, slumping back into my director’s chair. Because I never wear panties, I feel my own juices dripping on the chair. I ignore my assistant, Melanie, sitting next to me, as I quickly wipe my shaved and dripping wet pussy with a Kleenex, adjust my denim micro mini and walk onto the set. Born an exhibitionist, I know my skirt reveals more than it hides. Anyone sitting level to the hem of my skirt will see the globes of my bottom and my pussy sticking out. I’m very proud of my large breasts; that’s why I’ve tied the ends of my see-through blouse together, creating a cleavage that leaves nothing to the imagination. I feel my tits straining against the flimsy material. My nipples must be visible to the lustful eyes of the crew. Unfortunately, with Cheyenne naked, her open pussy displayed before their eyes, no one would notice me. 

Melanie trots behind me, clipper board ready. I hear the applause from the crew. The two male cameramen and the lighting guy sport huge erections in their jeans. The female cameraperson, the sound lady and the make-up artist’s nipples are pushing at the soft material of their t-shirts. Do I detect wet panties as well?

Cheyenne is all flustered. Sitting with his legs spread-eagled on the bed, with Cheyenne’s legs draped over his, Dick holds her against his breast, still concerned. He ignores the applause. 

“Kat, I’m sorry, I’m so fucking sorry,” whispers Cheyenne as she sees me approaching. She moves away from Dick, her dripping pussy in full view. “It has never happened before.” I see a small upside-down pyramid patch of hair pointing to her long clit protruding from her puffy pussylips. 

“Don’t be silly,” I give her a false smile, tearing my gaze from her cunt. “That was fucking beautiful.” I take her beautiful face in my hands and kiss her softly on the mouth. I can taste my husband. Cheyenne smiles and kisses me back. Her sharp little nose, pouting lips and innocent blue eyes give me the shivers. I look at her large tanned areolas and hard nipples. She fucking enjoyed my husband’s wonderful touch, the bitch. 

“Can you continue?” I ask.

“Of course. What’s next?”

“You ride him, cowgirl style, and catch his load on your tits.”

“Cool.”

“Dick, my love, can you get it up?” I grab his raging hard-on.

“What a question.” He pulls my face towards his, and gives me a wet kiss. I taste Cheyenne’s pussy as Dick sticks his hand beneath my skirt. I stop him before he reaches my dripping pussy and playfully warn him: 

“Don’t you have a leading lady to fuck?” He smiles and turns to Cheyenne, his hand seeking her pussy. Looking at my two adult performers, my professionalism takes over. 

“I want you two to start off the way you sat before, holding onto each other. Something more than a welcome fuck happened. I want to capture that.” I turn to the crew: 

“Adjust the lighting and move the cameras,” I smile at them. “Let’s see if they can top that performance.” 

I met Richard (Dick) Philips two months ago at an afternoon party of a mutual friend. We are both interested in nature conservation and our mutual friend had a fundraising-get-together for people in the entertainment industry of Los Angeles. I didn’t know that Dick worked in the adult industry and when our mutual friend introduced us, she didn’t mention it either. We hit it off right away. I was impressed with this tall dark and handsome young man with his designer stubble, his beautiful teeth and dimpled smile. We talked about our travels, the state of pollution in LA and the rest of California, and what we can do to prevent the total destruction of our environment.

It wasn’t long before we wondered hand-in-hand down to a private beach and started to kiss. His caring, soft kisses and caressing hands down my spine and over my bum weakened my knees. We dropped on the soft beach sand as he continued to probe my mouth with his tongue. His right hand traveled up my leg, under my short dress to my wet pussy. He stopped kissing me when he found I didn’t wear any panties. 

“Ready for action?”

“Always,” I said. “I never saw the need to confine my pussy behind satin walls.” I opened my legs wider to give him better access, and to invite his cock into my pussy. But he stopped the action, got off me and quickly removed his clothes. He ran into the sea. “Come and get me,” he shouted.

I slipped off my dress and ran after him. Splashing in the water, I caught up with him and grabbed his hard-on. “I want you inside me before you shrivel to a peanut,” I said as I pushed his large cock into my wet cunt. We were only knee deep in the water. He pulled my legs up in his strong arms and fucked me, hanging on for dear life. I showered his face with kisses matching his every thrust. My hips responded to his actions and moved in unison, up and down, in and out, up and down, in and out. I slowly contracted my pussy muscles around his manhood, feeling every ripple on his cock moving up and down deep inside my love tunnel. With every stroke, my clit scraped against the base of his cock. The friction sent waves of lust and pleasure through my body.

Dick stumbled as a sea wave hit us the same time our orgasms exploded in our bodies. “Oh, fuck, I’m coming,” I shouted, but didn’t slow my movements. I wanted to milk his manhood dry. My legs ached as I continued to contract around his cock. As he fell backwards in the water, he came with a scream. I saw his face, filled with lust disappear beneath the waves. He came up, splattering and coughing but still impaled in my cunt. 

We crawled our way back to the edge of the water and lay there, watching the setting sun. My hand never left his cock and his fingers played erotic tunes on my clit and in my pussy. We didn’t bother to stop or cover up when other partygoers walked past. Later on, we walked naked through the party to his car, getting lustful and jealous stares from the crowd. Still naked we got into his convertible and drove off to his pad. 

The rest of the week sped past like a fast forward tape. All I can remember was the fucking, the long talks, walks and enjoyment of each other’s company. I have fallen in love with the guy. One night, I prepared a romantic dinner at my small apartment, waiting for the right moment to express my love. 

When he came into the room, looking dashing in his sports jacket, white t-shirt and blue jeans, I saw that he also had something important to tell me. Maybe he was also in love with me, maybe he wanted to ask me to marry him.

“Kat, I have fallen in love with you.” This guy didn’t beat around the bush. I liked that in a man. Honesty. “But there is something about me you have to know.”

I poured his favorite red wine and handed him the glass. He swirled the wine in the glass, whiffed at the bouquet and slowly took his first sip. Satisfied with the ritual, he continued:

“I work in the adult industry.”

“Fancy that.” I didn’t catch the “adult” the first time. “And I am a film director.” 

“I know. Listen, I am a porn star.” His face was full of concern. “I fuck women for a living.” 

It was as if I was hit by a bucket of cold water. The man I love, fucks the best looking pussies in the world, gets blowjobs from the best and gets paid for it. I was stunned. I drained my own glass of wine and quickly poured another and downed that to numb the shock. Not only does he fuck the most fuckable women, but also other women drool over his cock and balls.

I stood up, shaking. I walked wobbly to the balcony and grabbed hold of the railings till my knuckles were white. I looked at the lights of LA and tried to make sense of my life. I slowly released my grip and restored reason to the turmoil of my emotions. 

My parents taught me that one could never possess another person, even in marriage, or in love. One can also love more than one person at a time. On my sixteenth birthday, I caught them in bed with the parents of my best friend. I knew about my parents’ lovers, even watched how they swapped partners. I always thought that I wouldn’t be the jealous type. And now I’m jealous as hell.

I walked back into the apartment and stood before Dick. 

“I know I can never match the sexpertise of your onscreen lovers, but I love you and want to be with you.” His smile melted any emotional resistance to the reasonable route I took. 

On one condition,” I continued. “I don’t want anything to do with your work.” When he agreed, I fell into his arms and kissed him. Suffice to say, that night we fucked our brains out and the next week we were married. 

I tried in vain to find a directing job in the Hollywood film industry, even though I am a woman. Nobody took my beauty, my flaming hair and my lusty figure serious enough to give me a change to direct. Dick nagged me for a month to try writing a porn movie to direct. I hated it but it was the only avenue open to me. I looked at hundreds of the best porn on the market before I consider myself ready to tackle the task. With his connections, I got the job, the budget, the actors and the backing from friends to do the movie.  

“Camera three, on action, you start on a close up of Cheyenne’s face on Dick’s shoulder,” I said through the coms with the cameras. “Then I want you to dolly back till you get a full shot of the action. Tell Dick and Cheyenne to start exploring each other on action. I want some good fucking, people.” 

There is a short delay with the lights and make-up. I switch off the coms. Melanie, sitting next to me, is an energetic bundle with short black hair, glasses, dressed in a white t-shirt and blue jeans. 

“ Aren’t you jealous of Dick fucking Cheyenne? I couldn’t stand it if I were you.”

“Why? He’s a professional doing his job, and I’m a professional doing mine,” I lie. “I love him and know that he loves me. I also love you, Cheyenne, and everyone else. Fucking is the best way to express love. It is when we think we can possess someone that jealousy enters a relationship.” What load of crap am I spinning here? Do I really believe this bullshit? I glance over to the monitors to see if the crew is ready. They are still busy with the lighting and Cheyenne’s make-up. “The truth is, I don’t own Dick, and he doesn’t own me. ” 

“But isn’t that extreme? What if he loves Cheyenne more than you?”

“Tough shit. He has the freedom to do that.” I’ll kill of course, I think to myself. “What would you do if I say I would love to fuck you?”

“I’ll be flattered, but I don’t have someone special in my life now.”

“We’re ready,” comes a voice over the coms. I throw the mike switch on.

“Action!”

Camera 3 pulls back to reveal Cheyenne and Dick busy masturbating each other. Good thinking. Camera 1 has a close-up of Cheyenne pumping Dick’s cock in her fist. I cut to one. Camera 3 quickly gets a CU of Dick’s fingers in her pussy.

“Camera 3,” I whisper. “One cue, you tilt up to show the passion on their faces.” The masturbating action between the two continues for a while. Cheyenne’s juices are flowing again and the precum on Dick’s head glistens under the lights. Then Cheyenne leans forward and kisses Dick, pushing her tongue into his mouth. He slowly twirls his tongue around hers, sucks on her lips before he moves down her neck, planting kisses all the way. She falls back to give him access to her breasts. He scoops her tits in his hands and darts his tongue over her erect nipples. She moans a little. The action is hot and oozes love and sexuality. Then she pushes Dick backwards and takes his cock in her mouth.

“What the fuck? That is not what I said.” I was upset, but before I could say CUT, Melanie puts her hand on my thigh and moves it to my pussy.

“Leave it. It will give us an extra few minutes.” On the monitor, I can see Cheyenne kissing the purple helmet. I cut to camera 2 for a wide shot, always the save bet. 

“Camera 1. Get me a close-up.”

When he is ready, I cut to the action. Cheyenne slowly, lovingly teases the top of Dick’s cock with her long tongue. She twirls it around the smooth head, before pushing the tip into the small eye opening. His cock pulsates with pleasure. Making a ring around his cock with her fingers, Cheyenne rhythmically moves it up and down his shaft. Then she puts her mouth over his cock and follows her hand down to the base of Dick’s shaft. She deep throats him without gagging. By the movement of her throat, I surmise that she uses the back of that canal to add pressure and pleasure to his engorged dick. How I envy Cheyenne for her expertise. 

I was so engrossed with the action that I nearly forget to cut to another camera. Camera 3 has a close-up of Dick’s face. 

I cut to three. 

Dick is smiling his wicked smile as he lifts Cheyenne onto his cock. I cut to camera 2 as she lowers herself on his waiting fuck pole. She opens her legs wide for a better view on camera 3. Dick massages her heavy breasts as she grinds her pussy on his groin. Camera 1 gives me a tight shot the action from behind. 

I cut to one. 

Dick thrusts meet Cheyenne’s bobbing halfway, with a slapping noise. Their combined fuck juices are splashing all over. Cheyenne’s pussylips hug Dick’s shaft like a fish gaping for air. With each pullout, the lips loose their grip on the slippery pole, and with each inward movement, it is as if her cunt is devouring his cock. This is fucking good. Then I become aware of Melanie’s two pumping fingers in my cunt and a thumb rubbing my clit. My breath comes in short intakes, matching the rhythm of the action in the foyer of the resort. 

I cut to three.

I see Dick’s engorged member expand, ready to blow. Cheyenne senses it too and quickly gets off and pumps it a few times.

I cut to a wide shot on camera two.

It looks as if they’re enjoying themselves. Then camera 3 has a close up of Cheyenne’s hand moving up and down the shaft.

I cut to three.

Then Dick blows his wad. The cum spurts into the air, hitting Cheyenne’s beautiful face, her hair and some lands on her tits. The purple head pulsates with every spurt, emptying the contents of his balls onto his fellow fuck thespian. She licks every drop off his dick, before she collapses onto his chest, spend. 

A moment silence. We sit in awe as my own orgasm, brought on by my assistant, reaches its zenith. I collapse in my chair.

“Cut,” I whisper, exhausted. Then more applause. 

I turn to Melanie and kiss her on her open mouth, sticking my tongue down her throat. “Thank you. I owe you, big time.” I don’t bother to wipe my pussy juices dripping down my legs. “What is the next setup?” I ask my lovely assistant. 

“Lunch, then a threesome between Cheyenne, Dick and Tessa.”

We walk onto the set, the crew busy de-rigging the lights and cameras while the make-up girl cleans the cum off Dick and Cheyenne. 

“And where is Ms Tessa now?” I ask Melanie. 

“She is still in bed with a terrible rash.”

“I thought the doctor prescribed something,” I feel my anger rising up. So far, this prima donna was nothing but a pain in the ass. “We have to get someone else to take over her role.” 

“How about you,” Cheyenne interrupts. 

“What?”

“Yes, why don’t you take Tessa’s role?” asks Dick and kisses me softly. 

“Who will direct?”

“You can still do it,” says Melanie. “It is only a two-camera shoot, anyway, and I will be there, with your script and shot list.”

“So, I get to fuck my husband on camera?” I joke as I struggle with the idea to fuck on camera. I have taken acting classes, acted in a few stage plays and appeared in five low budget movies, but this is different.

“How can I show my pussy to the world?” I ask the group as we walk to the terrace where lunch is served. Cheyenne and Dick wear their nakedness like comfortable clothes. 

“Since we first met, I wanted to get into your panties,” confesses Cheyenne.

“I don’t think so, my dear,” I say as I walk ahead of them. Then I feel my blouse being ripped off and my skirt fall to the floor. I try to retrieve it but Dick stops me. 

“Kat never wears panties,” comes the smirk from Dirk. Cheers and laughter greet my forced striptease. We sit down for lunch and start planning the next scene. I am very uncomfortable sitting naked next to the stars along the crew. The director and the two principal talents have a naked lunch with a gawking Melanie still in her t-shirt and jeans. The poor waiters have a tough time serving us with their bulging hard-ons.

Sitting between Dick and Cheyenne, I lean over and take his semi-erect cock in my hand. I play it cool. “Dick, will your dick be able to handle two beautiful pussies?” I feel my boobs brush against his arm. Then Cheyenne puts her hand on my thigh and slips a finger between my wet, puffy lips.
