 A GIRLFRIEND SCORNED

CHARACTER BACKGROUND

Walt is 26 years old. He was born and raised in New York City and entered the Marine Corps right after high school. During his four years active duty he served one tour in Viet Nam as a Recon Marine. After being honorably discharged he took a job in the Midwest with a multi-national computer company. He also attended night school and he was on track to earn his undergraduate degree in six years. He was extremely successful in his work and soon earned a promotion that would send him to the Chicago office. Walt's hobbies included, skiing, SCUBA diving, golf, tennis, martial arts. He also enjoyed the arts, live performances, theater and history. Walt stood at 6'2" and weighed 190 pounds. He kept himself in great shape and he was very proud of his physique. Before moving to Chicago he dated a waitress from his favorite restaurant.

Trudy worked as a waitress in a local restaurant that was very popular and always busy. She had dropped out of college after two years and she was deciding what to do with her life as she knew the waitress thing wasn't forever. Trudy was 24 years old and she was a knockout. She stood at 5'5" and weighed about 125 pounds. She had a fabulous figure that looked like a 36-23-36 body. Her tits were nice and firm, she had great legs and a killer ass. Trudy had light brown hair but she dyed it blonde. Trudy had been dating Walt for over year before he got the news that he was moving to Chicago.

Kari was Trudy's roommate. She had been Trudy's roommate in college but Kari had stayed on and graduated from college. She was also 24 years old. Kari had just moved to town six months before Walt left for Chicago. Kari moved in with Trudy and Walt helped Kari get a job at his company. Kari was very different from the voluptuous Trudy as she was taller and slimmer. Kari had shoulder length dark brown hair, brown eyes and she stood at about 5'9" and weighed about 120 pounds. Kari had small firm breasts that were no more than a 32B. Her waist was narrow and her body slender. She had one thing that many taller girls do not usually have and that was a great ass. Her bubble butt was perfect for her slender body and seemed to top off her shapely legs.

THE BEGINNING

Trudy and Walt started dating almost by accident. One Friday Walt took the afternoon off and hung out at the restaurant bar after lunch. Trudy was working the bar that day instead of waiting tables. It was slow from 1:30PM until about 5:00PM and that's when Trudy taught Walt how to play backgammon. Walt was a quick study and picked up the game fast. The two of them really hit it off and ribbed each other during the games. Trudy was not working that night so when Walt asked her out to dinner she accepted.

Things moved quickly that evening. After dinner, Trudy and Walt went clubbing and dancing. It was about midnight when Walt drove Trudy home to her place and Trudy asked him to come up. Once inside they embraced, kissed and tore at each other's clothes. Once naked Trudy led Walt to her bedroom and within seconds he was between her legs eating her pussy. Trudy loved to be eaten and she came quickly. Then Walt moved between her legs and she at his ominous looking erect cock that appeared to be bigger than any cock she had ever had. She was so hot though Walt's 9" slid in easily and he fucked her with long steady strokes. Trudy cam again before Walt did and then she felt his barrage shot into her womb. Trudy was on the pill so she wasn't worried about getting pregnant and she thought it was a good thing given how much cum entered her pussy. 

Walt was still hard and wanted to fuck her again but Trudy couldn't cum anymore and rolled over. Walt lifted her by her hips and he marveled at her beautiful ass. He looked closely at the nether hole and it looked so tight that he was sure that she had never been butt fucked. Walt eased his cock back into her pussy and fucked Trudy as he caressed her fantastic ass. Just watching her ass cheeks jiggle as he thrust his cock deep in her pussy was an added turn on. Within minutes Walt was shooting another barrage of cum into Trudy's pussy and she felt the force of it splash against her inner walls.

Trudy asked if they could rest as she was dead tired. The two of them lay in Trudy's bed in a spoon position with Walt's arm draped over her body. He caressed her firm tits and played with her hard nipples as they rested. Eventually they fell asleep but during the night Walt woke up with another erection and he slipped it back into Trudy's pussy. He fucked her slowly until he came again and then he dozed off with his cock still in Trudy's pussy.

The next morning Walt was awake with his ritual morning piss hard-on. He loved to fuck girls the first thing in the morning as he could last for quite awhile without cumming. Walt rolled the almost lifeless body of Trudy over on her back and got between her legs. He pushed his cock into her pussy and then began to fuck her hard and fast. Trudy was going wild with the early morning action and she came three times before telling Walt to stop. Her last orgasm was intense and Walt was momentarily concerned for her well being. Walt pulled out of her and left the bed to use the bathroom. Trudy rolled over on her stomach and sighed. It had been awhile since she had been fucked like that.

Walt returned from the bathroom sporting an erection and he got back in bed with Trudy. He lifted her by her hips and shoved his cock back in her pussy. Walt fucked her cumming twice before he pulled out of her pussy. Trudy was exhausted and she just flopped on the bed. She had to work that evening at the restaurant and she wouldn't be done until 11:00PM. She really needed to get some more sleep so Walt cleaned up, dressed and left Trudy to her beauty rest. 

That night Walt was back at Trudy's place when she arrived home. She said that she was really tired and asked if they could make love in the morning. The next morning Trudy was ready for Walt as he fucked her brains out. Trudy had multiple orgasms again before Walt ever came. Trudy then told Walt to go take his piss and then come back as she had a surprise for him. When Walt returned to the bed, Trudy went down on him and gave him one of her signature blow jobs. She had a unique way of swirling her tongue around his shaft when it was in her mouth. Trudy worked over Walt's cock and she had him on the verge of cumming when she squeezed his balls and lightly scratched his perineum. That did it for Walt and he came in buckets filling Trudy's mouth with his load. Cum stream after stream shot into Trudy's mouth and she swallowed as fast as she could to keep from gagging on the massive load. Trudy swallowed every drop and she sucked his cock clean of all semen. The Trudy kissed Walt and he kissed her back showing that he was not concerned about cumming in her mouth. Later that morning they moved into a 69 position and ate each other until they both came again. Once again Trudy's efforts were rewarded with a massive amount of cum. 

That weekend started it for Walt and Trudy and they saw each other every weekend after that. They would get together on Friday nights through Sunday nights and they remained as passionate as they were on the first night together. The only thing that they didn't do was have anal sex. Walt was a little disappointed because he really wanted to fuck Trudy in her incredible ass. He was a leg and ass man and he dated Trudy longer than any girl who didn't give up her ass to him. But Walt liked Trudy and they had great sex together and he didn't want to mess up a good thing. So he cooled it on the anal sex drive.

Most of the times they had sex at Trudy's place but ever so often they would go to Walt's place. It was at Walt's condo that he made another play for Trudy's ass. He got a lot further this time and she even liked what he did to her but there was no way that he was ever going to get his cock in her ass. The first time they were at Walt's condo they had sex in his hot tub.

Trudy's body looked even more sensual when it was wet and Walt was all over her. He played with her tits and sucked on her nipples as she stroked his cock. Trudy rode his cock until she came and then Walt turned her around so that her back was to him. Walt marveled at her shapely ass as it glistened in the hot tub. He lifted Trudy by her hips and she held on to the side of the hot tub thinking that Walt was going to fuck her doggy style. Walt however went after her ass with his mouth. He planted kisses on Trudy's buttocks sending chills through her body. He slipped his tongue in the crack of her ass and swabbed at her tight anus. Trudy flinched when she felt the tongue touch her anus and she suddenly felt so wicked.

Walt continued the assault with his tongue and as he probed her nether hole, Trudy gasped at the intrusion. Walt held both of her ass cheeks apart as he dipped his tongue into her bottom. Trudy had never felt anything so erotic but it seemed so wicked so taboo. Trudy was getting turned on from the rimming and she reached between her legs to diddle her clit. Walt spotted her hand movement and he lifted her ass higher and ran his tongue over her pussy. Trudy gasped, moaned and groaned as Walt ran his tongue over her pussy and then back to her anus and then back again. He continued tonguing both of her holes until she came again, this time violently. 

After her second orgasm they got out of the hot tub, dried off and went into Walt's bedroom. Trudy lay back on the bed as Walt got between her legs and slipped his rock hard cock into her warm wet pussy. Trudy loved the feel of him inside her and she wrapped her legs and arms around him as he fucked her slowly. Walt tried to last as long as he could but he was to close to his own release. Trudy felt the semen splatter inside her and as always she was amazed at how much cum he produced. Walt came with more force and in more volume than any other guy she had ever slept with. 

Trudy knew that Walt would stay hard and fuck her again so she was prepared for the ride. Walt fucked her for a little longer this time before he ejaculated a second time into her. Then they cuddled, relaxed and fell asleep in each other's arms.

KARI ARRIVES

Kari, Trudy's roommate from college, arrived and Trudy let her stay at the apartment. Now that Kari was a resident at Trudy's place, all the sexual activity moved to Walt's condo. Walt and Kari hit it off and became friends but Trudy did not want to have sex with Kari in the next room. Walt liked the way Kari looked as she was an interesting contrast to Trudy. He particularly loved the way Kari's ass complimented her tall figure. At times Walt would pinch or pat Kari's as playfully and she just giggled and wiggled her ass in response. Kari needed a job and Walt arranged for her to be interviewed at his company. She was hired and she was eternally grateful to Walt for his help. 

There were times when the three of them would go out together and they always had a lot of fun. However when it was time for sex, Kari was dropped off at the apartment and Walt and Trudy headed for Walt's condo. Kari was not dating anyone yet as she was still feeling her way around the town. So while Trudy and Walt were at his place, Trudy relied on her own fantasies and fingers for sexual satisfaction.

Walt continued his quest for Trudy's ass and he had made some more progress. Trudy was now comfortable with Walt sticking a pussy moistened finger in her ass hole while he ate her pussy. She was also okay with him sticking a finger in her ass when he fucked her doggy style. Her favorite anal activity though was still when he rimmed her and probed her anus with his tongue. 

One night when Walt was fucking her doggy style, he put some lube on his finger and eased it into her ass. He then pulled his cock out and ran it along the crack of her ass but then put it back in her pussy. He did this several times and then he let it at her asshole and pushed slightly.

Trudy reacted in fear as she pulled away and threw her head back. The motion caught Walt across the bridge of his nose and he saw stars. He yelped in pain, sat back on his haunches and held his head. Trudy turned and looked at him her face was a mixture of fear and anger.

"I can't believe that you tried that. I told you that I don't want to do that. I do not want your cock in my ass," she screamed at him.

"Okay, okay, I'm sorry. Shit you almost broke my nose."

"Yeah, well good for you it serves you right. Too bad I didn't break it. You're lucky I didn't kick you in the balls." "I thought you were warming up to anal sex. You like my tongue and finger in there. I was just taking it to the next step."

"Well there is no next step. Your tongue and finger are fine but that's are far as it goes or you can find yourself a new girlfriend."

"All right, I promise I want ever try it again," Walt conceded as he didn't want to screw up what he already had with Trudy.

"All right, now let's start over," Trudy said in a much calmer tone.

Trudy lay on her side and told Walt to get in the 69 position with her so they could both eat each other. Walt had gone soft after that blow to his head but Trudy had him hard again in no time. Walt nibbled on her clit just the way she liked it and Trudy swirled her tongue around the shaft of Walt's cock driving him wild. Walt came first and fired rounds of semen into Trudy's mouth and as always she managed to keep it in her mouth and swallow every drop. Then it was Trudy's turn and she held Walt tightly as her body was rocked with a massive orgasm. Walt was relentless and he kept at her pussy until Trudy couldn't stand the sensations any longer and pushed his head away. Walt moved up her body and kissed her deeply and Trudy ran her tongue into his mouth in search of his.

They kissed and cuddled for a long time and Walt paid a lot of attention to Trudy's tits. He caressed them, kissed them, sucked on them, and twirled her nipples in his fingers and his teeth until he was hard again. He moved between Trudy's legs and pushed his cock back in her. Then he fucked her slowly bringing her off a few times before he came in her pussy. Walt then moved to her side and Trudy turned her back to him. His arm draped over her body and found her firm tits. They dozed off in the spoon position with Walt cupping one of her breasts.

PROMOTION AND TRANSFER

One Monday Walt got the news that he had been promoted in the company and that he was going to head up a department in the Chicago office. Chicago was about a six hour drive from his current location and he knew that he would have to break it off with Trudy over time. When he told Trudy about the opportunity she was very understanding. She understood that he had to take the promotion and move to Chicago. Over the next four weeks they spent as much time together as they could and they made love as often as they could.

Walt found a decent apartment if Chicago but it was a lot smaller than the condo that he had before. It was called a two bedroom but the second room was very small and Walt used it as an office. The room was so cramped that Walt took the door off and left it open all the time. He was extremely busy the first couple of weeks and he and Trudy just talked on the phone. He desperately wanted to see her but the drive was too long for a short weekend and Trudy still wasn't cool about him staying with her as long as Kari was there. Finally he took a Friday off and stayed in a local motel. He and Trudy made passionate love all weekend until he had to drive back to Chicago. Trudy had never been to Chicago and she was interested in visiting the city. They made agreed to see each other in a few weeks in Chicago.

Several weeks later Trudy called and told Walt that she had arranged to get some time off and that she would like to come to Chicago. She would drive up on a Thursday and stay through Sunday. The only catch was that she didn't want to make the trip alone so Kari would be coming with her. Walt was thrilled that she was coming for a visit but he was a little miffed that Kari would be tagging along. He made up his mind that he was still going to have sex with Trudy even if Kari was in the other room.

Walt had straightened up his office and purchased an air mattress for Kari. When they arrived Walt explained the sleeping arrangements and Kari was fine with the setup. On Thursday night Walt took them to a great steakhouse for dinner and they had a fantastic meal. They had all drank plenty of wine so when they returned to the apartment they got ready for bed. Walt gave Kari the bed covers she would need and then he went into his room with Trudy.

Walt was dying to get his cock in Trudy ever since she had arrived and she was horny as well. There were no preliminaries needed this time as Trudy lay back welcomed Walt into her arms. They fucked hard and fast until Walt unleashed a torrent of semen into Trudy's pussy. Trudy orgasmed several times before Walt finally came and she moaned and groaned through her climax. Neither of them cared this time if Kari could hear them as they were so hot for each other. Trudy was tired and she wanted to get some sleep. Walt was a little disappointed but he understood. Trudy fell asleep first and even though Walt still had an erection he eventually dozed off too.

Walt was awakened during the night to the sound of someone crying. Actually they were whimpering. He looked over at Trudy and she was out like a light. He listened more intently and he was sure it was coming from the other room. It had to be Kari. Walt decided to check on her. He got out of bed and put on his short robe covering his nakedness. He quietly left his bedroom and closed the door behind him so that Trudy would not be disturbed. Once he was in the living room he could clearly hear Kari whimpering in her sleep.

Walt walked over to her and squatted down next to her. He shook her gently to wake her. When she opened her eyes he asked if she was okay.

"Kari you were crying. Are you okay?" 

"Oh sorry, I do that sometimes. I didn't mean to wake you," she replied.

"That's okay, can I get you anything?" Walt asked and just then he felt her hand on his thigh.

He hand caressed his thigh as it moved toward his cock. Walt was shocked but turned on at the same time. He knew he should grab her hand and stop her but he didn't. Kari ran her fingers lightly over his scrotum and Walt was hard in an instant. Kari wrapped her hand around his cock and stroked in gently.

"Wow you do have a big cock. Trudy told me that you had a big one," Kari whispered as she continued to stroke it. 

"Kari, please you shouldn't do that. Trudy is right in the next room," Walt whispered.

"She's sleeping it will be okay," Kari whispered as she continued tot stroke Walt's cock.

Walt looked down at her lying on the bed in her bed shirt. The shirt just covered Kari's pussy but let her shapely legs on display. Walt could see the outline of her small firm tits in her shirt and her nipples pushed out the material. Walt was turned on by Kari so he reached for her night shirt and pulled it up baring her pussy. Kari's pussy looked lovely and Walt covered it with his hand. Kari gasped as Walt gently rubbed her pussy and then probed it with one finger.

Walt then decided that he had to see her tits too. He pulled the night shirt all the way up to her neck and bared her cute firm titties. Walt played with her tits and rolled her hard nipples in his fingertips. He knew that he was playing with fire and there would be hell to pay if Trudy ever found out. Walt knew that he should just stop and return to bed but he couldn't. There was something about Kari that captivated him.

Kari then rolled to her side and took Walt's cock in her mouth. Her warm wet mouth covered his cock and Walt knew that Kari had to be able to taste Trudy's cunt juice that dried on his cock. Kari sexily sucked his cock deep into her mouth and then took it out and nibbled on the head. Walt was going crazy with Kari's oral expertise. Walt then lay down on the mattress and placed his head at Kari's pussy. He lifted her leg so that he could dip his head in between her thighs and lick her pussy. Kari groaned and opened her legs wider so that Walt could get to her pussy. 
