 Going Dutch -- Krysta

My name is Brian. I had gone through an emotional period where I lost my job, got divorced and managed to make a small windfall on the stock market. Not a fortune, but enough that I could be something of a daytrader and be able to earn my living from anywhere in the world. I had an affinity for Holland, not Amsterdam which is everyone's mental picture of the Netherlands, but the smaller cities in the south of the country. 

Having made the move I was living in a small one bedroom apartment in the center of town but I was loving my new life. 

Weekdays were spent trying to make profitable trades on the London stockmarket in the morning and then the North American markets when they open later in the afternoon. The down side was a day that began at 9:00 a.m. and didn't end until 10:00 p.m. Weekends were spent having a few beers at one of my favourite café's and getting to know the locals.

On Sunday evening I was enjoying myself chatting to a married couple that I'd met a number of times previously. Krysta was about 60 years old and I'd place her husband John, a few years older. Krysta was feeling rather merry that evening and insisted on dancing with me a couple of times even though there was no defined dance floor in the small café. Not a small lady but not huge either . I'd describe her as curvy or Rubenesque. She had long reddish brown hair that she wears tied up. John was a little taller than me , probably six feet tall, with a pepper and salt goatee.

As the café started to clear out John asked me if I'd like to join them at their apartment for a drink. Their apartment was a 5 to 10 minute walk away so I quickly accepted providing they could give me a couple minutes to use the toilet and pay my bar tab. John said they would be waiting outside as Krysta was in need of a cigarette. A couple of minutes later I emerged from the café looking for the two of them and finally the flare from a lighter caught my attention and showed me where Krysta was waiting. 

As I approached Krysta there was no sign of John. I asked her where he was, she just smiled and said that he'd gone ahead to 'pour the drinks'. Krysta and I linked arms and made our way along the cobbled streets that were glistening from a recent sprinkle. The walk was good fun with Krysta enjoying two of her favourite pleasures, smoking and flirting. We had just crossed a bridge and were walking past a shoe store with its display window set back from the street under an overhang from the upper floors of the building. Krysta directed me past the support columns to the window , presumably to look at shoes. Taking a final deep drag on her cigarette and flicking the butt away she pulled my head to hers and plunged her tongue down my throat in a wild smoky kiss. Totally surprised I responded as passionately as I could considering this unexpected turn. Our kissing quickly became extremely hot and I started to move one of my hands to cup and squeeze her breast. She beat me to it, she'd already opened her coat and had managed to expose one of her tits. My mouth was redirected down to her nipple for some sucking. This seemed like a wild sexual adventure to me. Here I was sucking this sixty year old lady's tit after one of the wildest two minutes of kissing I'd ever had. I made up my mind I was going to somehow fuck this lady in this secluded storefront. Suddenly the clatter of a group of café goers on bicycles laughing and talking as they cycled past brought us back to reality. I was content to wait for them to ride past and then resume the fun but the moment was over for Krysta. She tucked her breast back into her bra and did up her dress and coat. She then took my arm and led me back to the street. 

As we continued our walk I was constantly on the lookout for a place to finally have my way with this lady. Imagine my disappointment when Krysta announced we were in front of her building. I wasn't sure I could face John with a face that I'm sure had telltale signs of Krysta's lipstick and trousers that were trying to hide a massive erection. Krysta told me not to worry and rang the intercom asking John to let us in. As the door opened we had some stairs to climb but Krysta took my hand and led the way. When we finally were standing in front of their door Krysta turned to me and kissed me again. Not the wild kiss that we'd shared before but still quite hot and passionate. Then she rang the doorbell. 

As the door opened John boomed 'What took you so long?' followed by a 'Welcome to our home Brian'. John was wearing what looked to be silk pajamas and a robe. Krysta and John spoke briefly together in Dutch and then she went off somewhere else in the apartment while John and I made small talk. He eventually mentioned that Krysta had told him that we'd kissed . I was mortified . Our eyes met and I thought he was going to kill me but he smiled and pointed to the couch while he chose to sit opposite in a wingback leather armchair. 

'Don't worry about the kiss. It's just harmless good fun. Perhaps I should tell you a bit about our relationship but first let's have a drink. You could have coffee, tea or perhaps join Krysta and I in a brandy' .

I quickly indicated brandy would be perfect. John returned a few minutes later with a tray holding three snifters and one nearly full bottle of brandy. I have to admit to being in desperate need of a strong drink to calm my nerves a bit. John poured the brandy and we had just clinked glasses when Krysta re-entered the room dressed in a silk nightie and robe like John's, smoking a small cigar.

I glanced at John and he said That Krysta takes the term 'brandy and cigars', literally. Krysta joined me on the couch,John quickly poured her a drink. 

John took a sip of brandy and cleared his throat. 'I was mentioning that Krysta and I have an .....unconventional relationship at times'. 

I stole a glance to my right at Krysta. She gave a small smile and continued to concentrate on her exhales from her cigar that she was sending to the ceiling. She had also moved a little closer to me and her left thigh was rubbing against my right thigh. John continued. 

'We have an open marriage and Krysta is free to explore her sexuality with another man, a woman, a couple, it's entirely up to her. I'm in complete agreement with this arrangement and I particularly like to watch occasionally. Earlier tonight I could tell she was interested in you and I suggested that we invite you back for a drink. It was actually my idea to arrange for you to walk together. Do you have any questions?'

'Are you also free to 'explore' your sexuality?'

'Yes, of course.'

'Are you...... straight?'

That question seemed to trip up John. He gave a nervous laugh and replied that he was perhaps bi-curious but had no immediate plans to be with a man . However , he loved performing oral sex on his wife after another man had deposited his load and he also loved the feeling of sloppy seconds. He admitted he was probably happiest as a cuckold.

I again stole a glance at Krysta and she seemed to wink at me and leaned over to kiss my cheek. In spite of myself I was getting incredibly turned on and the excellent brandy definitely didn't hurt the mood. Krysta's hand on my thigh became more active and I was struggling not to respond. 

Krysta spoke to John in Dutch and in the end they seemed to come to some sort of understanding. Krysta rubbed my thigh with her hand and kissed me again on the cheek. I turned a little towards her and she kissed me passionately on the mouth. I glanced over at John as we were kissing and he seemed to be nodding his consent. Krysta paused for a minute and looked at John for final confirmation and then took a last puff on her cigar and motioned for John to take it from her. She then climbed on top of me straddling my hips and resumed kissing me. I was turned on by all this but continued to monitor John's reaction to his wife throwing herself at another man. His look indicated that he was enjoying himself. This was confirmed when he asked Krysta if she would like him to remove her robe. She paused long enough for John to take the robe away and to open her night dress and expose her tits. Her blue eyes met mine and all she said was 'Suck my tits'. Again I looked to John and he said simply, 'She's yours to enjoy'. 

With John's approval, Krysta and I threw ourselves into our combined lust. She was a toxic combination of smoke, alcohol, perfume and lust. John settled back into his chair and I switched my attention from her lips to her tits. For the second time that night I was sucking this lady's very responsive tits. She was encouraging me to be ever more aggressive with them and she truly had wonderfully responsive nipples. I was in heaven. After a couple of minutes of this Krysta pulled up her nightie so that she could run a finger along her vaginal slit and popped her finger in my mouth. She repeated this move and placed the finger in her own mouth. Our tongues met in what was probably the most memorable kiss of the night up to that point. 

Krysta suddenly got off me and started to pull my clothes off. I was reduced to underwear and socks very quickly and soon the underwear were also gone. Here I was in a strange apartment with a raging erection while a husband and wife were both looking at me approvingly. Krysta pointed out to John that I was circumcised. I guess it must have been fairly unusual in post-war Holland. She ran her hand along the shaft and played a little with the flared out purple head before she engulfed it in her mouth. I managed to move her body onto the couch so that I could finger her pussy while she sucked me. As my hand ran up her inner thigh I felt the heat increase and as I got closer to her pussy. I was pleasantly surprised that a lady of this age had a shaved pussy. My finger sought her clitoris while the rest of me was generally enjoying her oral skills. Lots of sucking, lots of tongue and just the right amount of hand action. Her pussy was wet and extremely sensitive. Within two minutes she was showing the early signs of an orgasm. John meanwhile seemed to be masturbating judging by the movement of his hand inside his robe. His eyes were nearly closed and he was making soft moaning sounds.

Krysta suddenly stopped sucking and started directing my efforts to get her to cum. She wanted my hand to move faster with more pressure on her clitoris and within 30 seconds she exploded in wave after wave of pleasure.

'John he's making me cum......I'm coming so hard.'

John took a short break in order to watch Krysta's obvious pleasure. We both gave Krysta a few minutes to compose herself then I blurted out, 'I've got to fuck you. Do you have any condoms?'

John interjected, 'We'd both rather you fucked her bareback. She's completely disease free and if you're the same then we'd prefer no condoms'

I was too far gone to care. I said nothing but helped her reposition on the couch and drove my cock into that pussy that I'd wanted since our first kiss. I probably got three quarters of the way in before Krysta gave a little gasp of pain and I waited for her to signal me to resume. By the third stroke I was all the way in and I began to fuck that woman as hard as I could. The entire time she was encouraging me to go harder, faster, deeper. She was definitely preaching to the choir I was totally enjoying this.

John had been quiet through all this. I heard him clear his throat again and he asked me to take his wife doggy-style for the 'grand finale' as he put it. I was past caring and so was Krysta she rolled over on her knees and I penetrated her again. The change seemed to agree with both of us. Krysta's moans became louder and I felt I was deeper in her pussy. The room echoed with the rhythmic slapping of my hips against her ass. We were both close to orgasm. Krysta turned her head backwards and we kissed again. We both knew I wouldn't last another minute and I resumed my strokes at breakneck speed. Deep inside I could feel my orgasm coming and I gave Krysta three final mighty thrusts before I came and came in her pussy. She seemed to slowly go from being on all fours to lying on her stomach in order to keep my cock inside her. I was kissing the nape of her neck while thanking her and praising her for being part of one of the greatest sexual experiences of my life. 

This amazing moment was interrupted by John clearing his throat again and announcing, 'That looked wonderful but it's late and we've got to get to bed. The pullout couch in the spare bedroom is prepared for you and I've left some pajamas beside it. Krysta will make you breakfast in the morning.'

Taking my queue I withdrew my cock from deep inside Krysta. She was a little annoyed with John and insisted on cleaning my cock with her mouth. It was so pleasurable that I briefly forgot about John and just enjoyed her ministrations. I noticed the entire time she was sucking me one of her hands was covering her vagina like she didn't want the cum to drip out and stain the carpet. Finally Krysta gave my cock one last swallow and kissed the head as got to her feet. John was very excited and he pretty much dragged her to the bedroom . Despite having one hand cupping her vagina Krysta blew me a kiss with the other and that was the last I saw of them that night. 

I had mixed feelings. I was so annoyed with John I felt like getting dressed and walking home despite the late hour. The sound of hail and sleet on the apartment windows made me rethink that plan and I went to the spare bedroom to check things out. As John promised the bed had been pulled out and the sheets turned down. Thoughtfully he'd provided a new toothbrush , the pajamas were neatly folded nearby. I quickly put on the pajamas and took the toothbrush with me to the bathroom. As I passed John and Krysta's bedroom I could hear some soft moaning and smelled cigarette smoke. My imagination went into overdrive as I was envisioning John either enjoying his sloppy seconds or more probably giving Krysta oral as she enjoyed a post-coital cigarette. He certainly seemed a lot more concerned about his own sexual privacy than anyone else's, I made a mental note to ask him about that the next time we spoke. As I was lying in bed my thoughts turned to what the morning would bring and about how we would all deal with the changes in our relationships. I closed my eyes and was asleep in minutes.