 When I arrived at the house that Friday morning, Mike was already at work. Gwen made breakfast for me. After eating, we washed, dried, and put away the dishes. Since Gwen would be gone for nearly a month, and Mike for the better part of two months, we wanted the house in perfect order before leaving. 

Gwen went to the post office and put a hold on the mail. She cleaned out the fridge, mostly discarding leftovers that wouldn't be consumed. Gwen gave the house a quick cleaning. I cut the grass and replaced a hinge on the screen door to the back porch. I also cleaned out the grill. 

Mike came home mid-afternoon. She headed for the kitchen, complaining that she had been so busy with meetings and phone calls that she had missed lunch. She wolfed down a ham sandwich with mustard and tomato, a little cottage cheese, and half a can of peaches. 

When Gwen and I finished our chores, we headed upstairs to get cleaned up. Gwen stripped down to her birthday suit and I did the same. We showered together, lathering each other but remaining focused on getting clean rather than aroused. We were still standing side-by-side at the sink after brushing our teeth when Mike came upstairs wearing a mischievous look. 

I knew where this was going immediately. 

'Hey guys,' she started, 'you'll be busy with your family and I'll be busy with my family. I know we'll all get together at some point, but we likely won't have any privacy. So, I was thinking we should take advantage of our last afternoon together for a while.' 

Gwen smiled when she saw her favorite plaything beginning to stand. 'I like the way you think,' Gwen responded as she put an arm around Mike. 

While Gwen and Mike kissed and caressed, I began taking Mike's clothes off. I unzipped the back of Mike's dress and worked it off her shoulders. When it pooled on the floor, I knelt and lifted one foot and then the other to untangle her feet, removing her heels at the same time. I unsnapped the garter holding up her stockings and rolled them down her legs. I stood again to unhook Mike's bra and helped her out of it. Before the bra hit the floor, I began to work my hands between them as I watched Gwen and Mike exchange soft, loving kisses. 

I felt Gwen's hard nipples poking into the back of my hand as I slid my hand down Mike's upper chest. I cupped each of Mike's breasts in a hand and gently pinched her nipples. They were already hard and distended. I massaged and squeezed the full, firm globes, eliciting a moan from Mike as she and Gwen continued to kiss. 

I spread my knees and bent them a bit so I could slide my cock between Mike's legs, against the fabric still covering her sex. The panties felt warm and damp. Gwen reached between Mike's legs and ran her hand along my cock. She held my sac in her hand and gently rolled my testicles with her fingers. I straightened my legs just slightly to increase the pressure of my cock against Mike. Gwen's hand slid back up my cock. Her hand paused briefly to tickle my cockhead with her fingernails before her hand left my cock. I felt my cock get pushed away from its nesting place when Gwen moved her hand inside Mike's panties. 

I felt Mike's hands pass mine as they sought Gwen's breasts. I kissed the nape of Mike's neck and pulled her tighter to me. I trailed my tongue up her neck past her jawline to her ear. I licked her ear softly before sucking the ear lobe between my lips and gently nibbling on it. 

Gwen's hand had been continuously moving back and forth between Mike's legs. I felt it stop and my cock being pushed down by the hand inside Mike's panties. Mike broke the kiss when her head came back as Gwen's finger entered her. I released one of Mike's breasts and reached behind Gwen's head to pull her into a kiss. My tongue parted her lips and darted back and forth as it parried with Gwen's tongue. When I broke the kiss, I squatted down and lifted first one and then the other of Mike's feet to remove her stockings. 

It was past time to leave the bathroom. I gently pushed Gwen and Mike toward the doorway. Gwen reluctantly removed her finger from Mike as the three of us made our way into the bedroom. Gwen fell onto the bed coming to rest on her back. Mike bent over and lifted Gwen's knees and spread them apart. She began kissing and nibbling at Gwen's inner thighs. Gwen sighed softly. I pulled Mike's garter off and lifted her feet out of it. Gwen slid toward the headboard. Mike climbed onto the bed. I followed. 

Mike's back was arched with her head between Gwen's legs, kissing her way toward Gwen's pussy. Mike had her knees spread wide. I ran my hand down her ass and between her legs, my palm flat against her sex and pushing firmly. Mike sighed again. There was a visible wet spot at the crotch of her panties. 

I decided it was too much trouble to reposition her. I pulled at the crotch of her panties until I could grasp them with both hands. I tore the crotch apart. Mike and Gwen cried out simultaneously. Gwen because Mike's tongue had found her clit. Mike because my impatience gave her a thrill. 

I laid on my back with my head between Mike's legs. I reached above me and pulled her knees toward me. Mike ass and hips raised up enough that I could maneuver my head into position to lick her pussy. I slid her shredded panties up until they were out of the way and ran my tongue along Mike's slit. When my tongue reached her clit, she cried out and ground her pussy against my face. I stuck my tongue into her opening as I reached up with both arms to hold her against my face. Mike's cry was muffled by the mouthful of pussy she had. I felt the bed move as Gwen lifted her hips into Mike's face. 

When I sucked Mike's clit into my mouth, she went off. I was rewarded with a flood of feminine juices that wet my lower face and neck. Mike's hand grasped a handful of my hair and held tight while she rocked her hips up and down my face. When Mike's hips stopped rocking, I sucked in her clit again and darted my tongue across it. She cried out and raised her hips away from my face, still tightly holding a handful of my hair. 

Since Mike was too sensitive for additional stimulation, I slid from under Mike as soon as her grip on my hair relaxed. I rose on my knees to an upright position and could see Gwen had a look of wild abandon. Her face, neck, and upper chest were bright pink. She held her breasts in her hand and was pinched her nipples between thumb and forefinger. Her head rocked back and forth on the pillow as her hips thrashed. She liked what Mike was doing between her legs. 

I got off the bed and opened the top drawer of the nightstand to retrieve a couple of condoms. Gwen's hand snaked between my legs and briefly cupped my balls as I bent over while looking through the rubble in the drawer for the elusive latex condoms. When I found them, I turned around to face the bed. Gwen slid sideways, turned her head toward me and sucked in my semi-erect cock. 

While Mike worked furiously between Gwen's legs, Gwen sucked my cock with. My eyes were closed as I relished the sensation. I dropped the condoms onto the bed and held Gwen's head between my hands, my fingers entangled in her auburn curls. 

Mike finally sent Gwen over the edge. Gwen's scream vibrated through my cock. Her hips rose up so forcefully that Mike had to take her face out of Gwen's sex. But her fingers continued to piston in and out of Gwen's pussy. Gwen turned to face Mike, releasing my cock, her face a grimace of desperation. 

'Fuck me Jonas. Hurry. I need your cock inside me!' Gwen gasped. 

I grabbed a condom and quickly moved to replace Mike between Gwen's legs. I tore the packet open and desperately tried to sheath my cock. It was only partly in place when Gwen pulled me toward her and positioned her hips for penetration. She guided my cock to her opening and thrust toward me. I pushed into her until I could feel her heat along my entire length. Gwen inhaled deeply as I entered her and groaned in pleasure as she exhaled. 

Gwen set a rapid pace, lifting her hips to meet each thrust. Mike moved up alongside us and wrapped an arm around Gwen's neck, holding her close while we fucked. Mike's free hand was between her wide-spread legs, rapidly traveling down over her clit into her pussy and then back up again. 

Gwen didn't want love-making. She wanted a hard, thorough fucking. I was happy to accommodate her. With each forward thrust our bodies made a slapping sound. The headboard thudded against the wall from the force of our coupling. Mike began to make series of soft, high-pitched whines. I glanced over at her. Her brows were furrowed in concentration. One hand moved in a blur across her clitoris, the other held Gwen's breast tightly. She made a strangled cry and jammed her fingers into herself, squeezed her legs together and shook as she came again. 

The pink on Gwen's face extended down her neck, across her chest, and both breasts. The skin on her arms was covered in goosebumps. Her nipples were contracted and hard, standing erect. She opened her eyes wide and into my mine. Her mouth opened and a strangled cry came out as an orgasm short-circuited her nervous system. I continued to pump my cock in and out of her as her body shook. Her body just relaxed when she tensed again as another orgasm swept her away. Spasms in her vagina gripped my cock. 

I was still thrusting when the spasms passed. Gwen's body went completely limp. She seemed to almost melt into the mattress. It lasted only a moment. Her arms suddenly wrapped around my upper body, her legs encircled my waist, and the strength of every muscle in her body went into throwing her hips up to meet my thrusts. Her arms gripped me tightly. Her heels dug into my back. I made one last thrust with everything I had. My cock exploded. It felt like a continuous stream of cum flowed from cock as an indescribable pleasure burst every nerve in my body. Gwen was riding her own explosion of sensations as my cock continued to stroke in and out. A series of pulsations signaled the last few releases of cum from my cock as my orgasm abated. 

I collapsed onto Gwen, completely spent of energy. She grabbed my face and kissed me hard, holding my head tightly. She licked Mike's dried juices from my face. When Gwen moved her hips again, I sensed it was because my weight was becoming uncomfortable for her. I rolled off her. 

The three of lay side by side, Gwen in the middle. 

Gwen suddenly sat up and swore. 'Oh, shit!' she exclaimed. 

I lifted my head and saw immediately what was wrong. My cock was wet and gleaming with the mix of semen and Gwen's fluids. And it wasn't covered by a condom. The remnants of it were around the bottom of my shaft. 

Gwen squealed and wriggled her butt then lifted one cheek off the bed and retrieved a piece of the condom from underneath her. 

Mike pivoted and pushed her head and neck under Gwen's bent leg. She looked first at Gwen's crotch and then up at Gwen. 'There's a bit of a mess down there, Gwen!' Mike reached out and scooped up a large globule that was dripping from Gwen. She rubbed it between her fingers and then licked them clean. My cock began to stir again. 

'Oh. Shit!' Gwen repeated. 'I'm right in the middle of my cycle.' 

'I'm sorry.' I told her. 'I didn't realize it had torn.' 

Gwen looked at me, dismay on her face. 'Shit, shit, shit!' 

'Let's keep our fingers crossed.' I offered, knowing nothing I could say was going to help. 

'Gwen, get upright on your knees.' Mike told. 

When Gwen did so, Mike wriggled her head between Gwen's legs from behind. She reached up and spread Gen's lips. 'My god, Gwen. You're full of cum.' Mike gently pushed two fingers into Gwen and scooped out cum. She wiped her fingers on her breasts and repeated her exploration. Her fingers came back with even more cum than the first time. 

'Stop, Mike. Before I get excited again.' Gwen told her. 

'Let me try one more thing, Gwen.' Mike held Gwen's legs and pulled her face toward Gwen's pussy. She locked her mouth on Gwen's sex and sucked. I could see her cheeks collapse inward. 

'Alright, enough, Mike. I don't think that's going to help and we've got to get going if we're going to make the train.' Gwen told her as she pushed on Mike's forehead. 

Mike released her hold on Gwen's legs and fell back onto the bed. Mike crawled from between Gwen's legs and sat up. She looked over at me and opened her mouth wide and stuck out her tongue. It was covered with cum. Strings of it ran between her teeth. More pooled under her tongue. 

Mike pulled Gwen into a kiss, which Gwen accepted readily. Their cheeks rippled as their tongues explored and swapped cum. When they broke the kiss, Gwen swallowed. Mike didn't. 

'You're incorrigible, Mike.' Gwen laughed. 

Mike was grinning when she looked over at me. 'I am, Gwen. But look at Jonas,' she laughed. 

I was erect. My cock hard like I hadn't just had sex. 

'Do you mind. Gwen?' Mike asked with a devilish smile. 

'Not at all. I have him all to myself for the next few days and while you're in Europe. In the meantime, need to take another shower.' 

Before I could protest, Mike was on her knees, inhaling my cock. As I slid into her hot mouth, I noted how slippery it felt. She still had a mouthful of cum. 

Mike pulled me to her and bobbed up and down my cock. She broke for just a moment to look up at me. 'I want to fuck, but Gwen and I agreed that you could only fuck me when all three of us were in bed together.' 

Mike took me back in and proceeded to give me a blow job for the ages all the while diddling between her legs with a free hand. Her slick mouth felt incredible and despite what I'd just finished, I was soon filling Mike's mouth to overflowing. She swallowed everything in her mouth and then scraped her face clean and licked her fingers dry. 

When she was finished, she stood on tip toes and kissed me on the cheek. 'Thanks, Jonas. For making Gwen so happy. You're doing pretty well by me, too.' She turned away and went downstairs to clean up. 

When I went into the bathroom, Gwen was just out of the shower, wrapped in a towel, brushing her teeth. I stepped into the shower on rubbery legs and got washed up. I brushed my teeth and quickly got dressed. My suit was outside, hanging in my car. I retrieved it and changed in the living room. 

When Gwen came downstairs a few minutes later, it was all I could do not to drag her back upstairs, damn the train. She was so beautiful it rendered me speechless. Gwen was wearing a dress I'd never seen. It was a slinky sapphire-blue silk thing that accentuated her slender curves. It rippled on her body like flowing water, moving sensually as she walked. Gwen's every movement was fluid and titillating. 

Gwen was positively radiant. My first thought was it must have been sexual satisfaction because she always looked spectacular in the afterglow of sex. But it was more than that. Gwen's complexion had a natural brilliance and healthy aura. She rarely wore make-up. But she had taken time to apply it. It was done masterfully. So naturally that it didn't appear she was wearing any. The few very minor flaws that a close examination of her face might have found were nonexistent. 

A freshly scrubbed and glowing Mike came out of her bedroom. She wolf-whistled when she saw Gwen. 'You look good enough to eat, Gwen! Good thing I've already had my fill,' she laughed. She looked at me and winked. 

'Mike, I said it before. You're incorrigible. I should probably add insatiable!' 

I stowed our suitcases with my travel trunk and we piled into my car. I drove to the Los Angeles Union Passenger Terminal and pulled up to the passenger unloading area. We all got out. Mike gave Gwen a hug and kiss on the cheek. Mike embraced me to do the same to me, but she held me tighter and whispered in my ear, 'Take good care of my best friend. If you break her heart, I'll cut your nuts off.' 

When we broke the embrace, she was smiling sweetly. I wasn't sure what to think. But she mouthed a silent answer to my question. "I know you won't. But if you do, I will." Mike wished us a safe journey and got in the car. 

A porter had approached and waited until we finished our goodbyes before unloading our bags. Mike drove off when the trunk closed. He asked to see our tickets. Our suitcases would be in our room and the trunk stowed until we reached our end destination in Boston. He told us our track number. After I tipped him, he left us to tend to other arriving passengers. 

Gwen's lustrous, auburn curls were always the first thing anyone noticed. They had a stylishly wild, unkempt look. The crowd at the station didn't miss them either. Heads turned as we passed through Los Angeles Union Passenger Terminal. People whispered as we passed, speculating about who she was. Although I thought she was beyond special, they would all be disappointed to learn she wasn't some Hollywood starlet, but rather a student. 

My wardrobe still consisted mostly of European clothes. My brown suit fit well, but it didn't conform to the American sense of fashion. My shirt and tie were also decidedly European. In short, I looked out-of-place next to Gwen, though you'd never know it from the way she held my arm. It was time to Americanize my wardrobe. Many of my clothes were beginning to show signs of wear. 

A steward met us at the train. After looking at our tickets, he instructed us to follow him. He led us down the track and stopped at one of the cars. He held his arm out to indicate we should board here. I held Gwen's hand as she stepped up then followed. He led us down the car to the far end and unlocked the door to our room. 

I caught the steward checking out Gwen. As I passed in front of him into the room, it was obvious that he was practically drooling. I smiled to myself. Though I wanted to smack the back of his head, I understood the look. If a few others enjoyed the view, I didn't care. I knew she was mine. My only worry was her father. 

The steward informed us that the bar in the lounge car would open as soon as the train cleared the station. He closed the door and departed. Gwen and I settled in to await departure. 

We had a double bedroom for the trip to Chicago. It was far more spacious than other accommodations but it was hardly a big area. The room was efficiently designed and offered far more privacy than closed seating. 

Gwen kissed my cheek and rested her head on my shoulder. I could tell she was tired. It had been a busy day. I must have drifted off to sleep because it seemed only a moment had passed before a jolt signaled that train had departed. Gwen sat up and rubbed her eyes. I suggested we go for a drink before turning in. I locked our room behind us and made our way to the lounge car. 

The bar had just opened when we arrived. We were met by a host and led to a seat. There was a small crowd. A party atmosphere had already developed. There were numerous conversations and laughter was frequent. Gwen's head was moving continuously, scanning the crowd. I knew the train was popular with the wealthy and Hollywood actors. When we sat, she began whispering the names of the famous and somewhat famous people seated around us. A waiter came to take our order. I ordered a beer, Gwen a white wine. Before leaving, he politely asked to see our IDs to confirm our ages. I had mine but Gwen had left her purse in our room. I offered to retrieve Gwen's purse while she waited. The waiter said 'Very good, sir. I shall return to take your order, then.' 

I made my way to the room and fetched Gwen's purse. I felt a little self-conscious carrying her clutch but no one I passed paid it any mind. When I arrived at the lounge car, Gwen had company. A handsome, debonair man in his late thirties, wearing an expensive suit was seated with her. He was leaning toward her, talking animatedly. He had a cigarette in one hand which he waved around when he talked and a whiskey of some sort in the other. His hair was slicked, not a hair out of place. He had a thin mustache. Gwen looked relieved to see me. She hated tobacco smoke. 
