 It was 5:00 and I was getting out of the shower as my wife, Lisa, came into the bathroom.

"I opened the two bottles of wine and I just put the salmon in the oven," she said. "Sara and Mike should be here in about an hour."

As she told me about the wine and the salmon, I was distracted by the seductive way she was dressed. She was wearing a pair of skin tight stretch pants that clung to every curve of her legs and hips. They were so low cut in the waist that the top half of her little red thong was plainly visible. She wore a little white oxford top that was probably a size too small, but she did not bother to button it. Instead, she just tied the bottom in a small knot and showed her lace red bra that pushed her c-cup breasts up to show off her ample cleavage. My wife was dressed to kill.

I walked up behind her as she applied her lipstick. Still naked from the shower it was obvious that my dick was starting to get hard from just looking at her.

"Wow, you look hot tonight," I said as I pushed my dick into her pants. Her high heeled sandals put her ass right at the same height as my dick. "I love this little competition you and Sara have when we get together to see who can look the sluttiest," I said with my hard on growing.

"Hold on cowboy," Lisa replied pushing my hips away. "You are going to have to wait until later, but I promise you that I will rock your world tonight." She smiled with a 'I want to fuck you so bad right now' look on her face, but I did not press the matter. Instead, I finished drying off and went in the bedroom to get dressed.

While in the bedroom, I could not get over how Lisa was dressed. I also could not wait to see what Sara was wearing tonight. Every time the four of us get together, Lisa and Sara have a friendly competition on who can look the sexiest and keep all eyes on them alone. The competition always made Lisa so horny and we always had great sex. Mike has told me that the competition makes Sara the same way. 

I finished getting ready and headed downstairs to see Lisa finishing the salad and main course. About the same time, the doorbell rang. It was Mike and Sara. Lisa met me at the door as we greeted our friends. I noticed Mike was stunned by Lisa's appearance. However, I barely noticed that because my eyes were fixed on Sara. She was wearing an unbelievably low but top that was cut to below her chest. All that was covering her bra less breasts were two strips of thin fabric. The top was very tight and it was not hard to see her nipples trying to poke through the top. The top stopped just above her navel. She, too, was wearing a pair of low cut stretch pants that allowed her purple thong to show with super high heeled sandals.

Mike and I just stood there frozen looking at the other' spouse.

"Hi Mike," Lisa said to break the silence. She, then, walked over and gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Noticing that she was making him a little hard, she gave a little pat on the crotch that made him blush a little.

Sara followed her "Hi Scott" with a hug and a kiss as well. Sara then looked at Lisa and said laughingly, "You bitch. You are wearing basically the same thing. How am I supposed to be the object of everyone's desire with a slut like you stealing my secrets." 

Lisa replied, "Well I guess we will just have share the spotlight tonight." She then gave Sara a hug and a peck on the mouth. As the two sets of eyes met, I swear I noticed a look of longing in both to just get lost in passion with each other. Even if I did not see what I did, it definitely gave me a little rise in my pants.

We then went to the kitchen and began drinking wine. By the time we finished dinner, we had opened a third bottle of wine and were all pretty buzzed. Throughout dinner Lisa had kept stroking my cock and I was so horny. I could tell that Sara had done the same to Mike, because he had the same look on his face. Sara and Lisa knew it too because they kept looking at each other giggling. It almost seemed they had a bet to see if they could get us to cum in our pants.

We finished off the third bottle and I got up to get another bottle. As I walked out of the dining room to get wine, Sara shouted out to get some cards. I got the wine and found a set of playing cards. As I reentered the dining room, I found Lisa and Sara both sitting on Mike's lap. Sara was kissing his neck, while Lisa was kissing him deeply and passionately. Both of the women had their hands on his obvious hard on and were massaging it. I was shocked, but not mad to see my wife kissing another man so passionately. In fact, I do not if it was the wine or not, but I was very aroused.

As I sat the wine and cards on the table, Sara got up and walked over to me. She just reached up and pulled my head to her, which I did not protest. We began to kiss. It felt weird to kiss another woman. I had not kissed anyone other than Lisa since we began dating over 7 years ago. However, as I kissed Sara I grabbed her ass and pulled it into me. Our hips met and we began to grind them into each other. She could feel my hard on and I could feel the warmth of her pussy through the clothes. I looked over and noticed that Lisa had straddled Mike and they too were grinding into each other.

Suddenly, Sara said "OK, time for some strip poker." With that Lisa got off of Mike's lap and the obvious bulge in his pants. Lisa replied, "But we have to do it in the living room so the table won't block any views." She then grabbed me by my bulge and led me into the living room. We got to the living room when I whispered in her ear, "Are you OK with all of this?" She did not reply, but instead kissed me like she has never kissed me before.

Sara and Mike entered the room right behind us. Sara said, "All right. Strip Poker time, but with a twist. The winner of the hand gets to take the piece of clothing off of the loser. However, they must do it seductively enough for the two bystanders, or the winner of the hand will lose a piece of clothing also."

"But what if I win the hand and Mike loses the hand?" I questioned.

"Too bad," Lisa replied to this. "If I lose and Sara wins, I think you would expect us to play by the rules."

I looked over at Mike and he seemed to be all right with the rules so I nodded in agreement.

I began shuffling the cards, which was hard considering the amount of wine we had consumed. While I was doing this, we decided that Lisa's bra would come off with her shirt to even out the clothing.

I dealt the first hand. After we had adjusted our 5 card draw hands, we laid down our cards, which showed that Lisa had one the hand and Mike had lost. She moved quickly to him and began unbuttoning his shirt while she kissed his neck. As she took off his shirt she kissed just about every part of his chest. I was finding myself very turned on by the site of my wife doing this. I looked over at Sara and she was enjoying the show also because she had her hand on her pants and was slowly massaging her pussy.

Sara dealt the second hand, which I won and she lost. I removed her top to expose a beautiful set of tits. I slowly cupped each one and sucked on the nipples as she was moaning and coming close to orgasm. 

Mike dealt the next hand and he lost again, while Sara won. She slowly removed each shoe and sock and kissed each of his toes. The next hand I lost and Sara won and she removed my shirt while kissing my chest. As she was doing this I looked over at Lisa who watching closely and massaging her pussy through her pants. I saw her eyes close as she had an orgasm. 

The next hand I lost again and Lisa took off my shoes and socks in a way she never had before. "It looks like someone is a poker pro," Mike said to Lisa, since she had not lost yet. Mike and I had lost our shirts and shoes and Sara her top, but Lisa was still wearing everything. As if one cue Lisa lost the next hand Sara won again. In my mind, this is what I had been waiting for the entire game.

Sara moved over to Lisa and straddled her lap while she began to untie the little loop knot in Lisa's shirt. Sara then began to kiss Lisa as she removed the shirt. Lisa obviously loved it because she pulled Sara closer to her to feel her tits against her own chest. The two girls kissed passionately and Sara then undid Lisa's lacy red bra. Sara began to suck on each tit. Soon she sat back up and began to kiss Lisa again while pressing her large breasts against Lisa's large breasts. The site of these two hot women kissing and fondling each other was almost too much. My cock was about as hard as it could get. Mike was also really into it because he had his hand on his pants and was also massaging his own cock. Then almost as quickly as she had begun, Sara was back to her spot and ready for the next hand.

The next hand Mike lost and Sara won and she slowly took off his pants while show kissed his hard penis through his powder blue thong. Lisa lost the next hand and since Mike won he slowly took off her shoes. The next hand he won and did the same thing to Sara.

Mike's winning streak continued as he won the next hand, which I had lost. As I stood up nervously to have him take off my pants. He also stood up and walked toward me as I noticed how good he looked in just his thong underwear. He nervously undid my pants as I suddenly gained confidence and reached out and pulled his bare ass to me so I could feel his hard penis against my own hard penis. With less nerves, he pulled my pants down to my knees and then put his hands on my ass, which was bare from my own black thong underwear, pulled me even closer against him. I had never done this with a man before. In fact, I had never even fantasized about another man, but as Mike and I ground our hips together, the feeling of his cock against me was very arousing. Mike then bent down to take my pants the rest of the way off, but before he did he stopped and gave my cock a few long kisses through my underwear. While he did this, one of his hands was tracing my thong seam from the top of my ass through my crack and placed more pressure as he got to my asshole. I thought I was going to cum right there, but he stopped as he got my pants completely off me. It must have been very erotic, because the women were very quiet during my depantsing, but gave us an ovation after it was over.

The next hand I won as Sara lost. I slowly kissed each of tits as I struggled to get her way too tight pants off. I got them to her knees when I realized she was unable to move with her pants there. So I stopped and began to slowly tongue her wet pussy through her underwear, while I traced her thong underwear with my hand just as Mike had done to me. She began to moan and move her hips, but she had to be careful to not fall because of her pants at her knees and all the wine. After a short time, Mike and Lisa began to chide us to get on with it so they could get off too. So I finished taking Sara's pants off show all she had on was her purple thong.

As luck would have it, Lisa lost next while Mike won and he followed almost the same procedure that I had done with his wife. As we began to shuffle the cards for the next hand Sara said, "Look we are all in our nice colorful thongs, but I don't know about you Lisa but I can't wait to get it off of me so my wet pussy can get some air finally."

When she said that, the realization of what was going on hit me. I do not know if it had been the wine or whatever, but I had never thought of what we were doing. Lisa and I had never even been naked with another couple, let alone some of the things we had already done tonight. I said I had to go to the bathroom and looked at Lisa to go with me to the bathroom. When we got there I asked her if she was OK with what was happening. She told me she was worried that I was the one who was going to get upset. When I reassured her that I was living out a fantasy that I had assumed would never happen, she told me the same thing. I then looked at my hot wife standing there in just her red thong with a wet spot on it and pulled her to me and kissed her deeply. 

When we returned to the living room, Sara and Mike were deep in a kiss themselves. Lisa broke them up when she said it was time to finish the game. None of us were sober enough to know whose turn it was to deal so I picked up the cards and dealt the next hand.

I won the hand while Lisa lost. I had her lie on her back while I slowly slid her panties off and dove my head into her completely shaved pussy and sucked it like I had never before tasted anything so sweet. Lisa was obviously ready to cum, because within minutes she was grinding her pussy into my face as I felt her body shudder and then go limp. I worked my way up to her ear as I whispered how much I loved her and then kissed her deeply.

Sara picked up the cards as I was returning to my spot. The next hand Sara lost and Lisa won. Lisa had regained her composure after the orgasm and jumped over to Sara and had her thong off before Sara had laid completely back. With eager enthusiasm, Lisa began licking Sara's pussy like she had eaten out many women and was a seasoned veteran. I was so turned on watching my wife eat another women's pussy. Just like Lisa had been with me, the sexual tension that had been going on throughout the evening had Sara ready to cum, which she did with a very strong orgasm. As Lisa pulled away, I noticed that Sara's pussy was also completely shaved.

As we began the next hand, I noticed that Lisa and Sara remained close to each other and had their hands on each other's inner thigh. The next hand Sara lost again, but since she had no more clothes on we reshuffled and played again. This time Sara won and I lost. She quickly had me out of my underwear and my cock in her mouth. She sucked my cock differently than Lisa had ever done before, but she was excellent. She had one hand cupping my balls while her other hand slowly probed my asshole. It was an incredible feeling. I then noticed that Lisa had moved behind Sara and began slowly finger fucking her pussy. Sara began to moan with her mouth wrapped around my cock and I could not hold it any longer. I started to cum. I expected Sara to pull away, but instead she swallowed every drop of one of the most powerful orgasms I had ever had in my life. 

We regained our spots for the next hand. I still had a hard on because I was still so turned on by everything that was happening. For the final hand we decided that Mike could not play since he still had his thing on and had to lose the next hand. We decided the winner would finish Mike. I won. I would be lying if I said I was disappointed. Ever since our dance earlier, I wanted to have Mike's cock in my hand. He lied on his back while I approached him and slid his underwear off. I quickly grabbed his throbbing hard on in my hand and began to slowly jerk him off in the way that I had done to myself so many times in the past. With his cock right before my face started flicking my tongue on the base of it and then on his balls. I looked toward his face and noticed him looking at me with a look of great pleasure. Seeing him enjoy this so much I moved to the tip of his cock and slowly put it in my mouth. His cock was not super huge, but it was probably about 6 or 7 inches (about the same as mine). I slid about half of it down my throat and then began to bob my head up and down on it. I had never sucked a cock before in my life, but I seemed to naturally know what to do. This scene obviously was being enjoyed by the women, because they were intently watching us while they finger fucked each other. I felt Mike began to get ready to cum. I had never tasted any cum other than my own on my wife's tongue after she had swallowed me, and I knew I could not pull away from Mike. He unloaded an intense orgasm into my mouth and I struggled to swallow it all. I little bit came out of my mouth and onto my chin. Lisa was quickly there to lick it up and kiss me deeply. It was so erotic to be kissing her with another man's cum on both of our tongues.

Sara, feeling left out for the moment, moved over to us and asked Lisa if she could cut in. She began to kiss me deeply while she stroked my still hard cock. She then gently pushed me to my back and slowly sank herself down on to my cock. Her wet pussy felt great around my cock. It felt different than Lisa's, but it was still very nice. Sara began slowly rocking back and forth as I sat up to bury my face into her tits. Mike had quickly recovered as well since he was now fucking my wife from behind. Both women were moaning loudly as all four of us were grinding into each other's spouses. After a while, I turned Sara over and began to fuck her from behind. I heard Lisa have an intense orgasm, which then brought Sara over the edge as well. I looked over and saw Mike fucking Lisa with an intense animal passion that she was really enjoying. Seeing that pushed me over the edge as I grabbed Sara hips and pulled them hard into me. As I began to cum, it pushed her over the edge and we came together as I filled her pussy with cum. As I collapsed in exhaustion next to Sara, I heard Mike and Lisa come together and fill her pussy with cum. They too collapsed in exhaustion next to us as all four of us began to pass out from an evening that none of us had ever experienced before. As I went off to sleep naked next to two beautiful naked women and another naked man, I wondered what the morning would bring.

The next morning arrived before I knew it. I was awaken by the wonderful feeling of a wet mouth wrapped around my cock. My first site as I opened my eyes was my wife in a 69 with Mike. She was sucking his cock right in front of me. It was one of the most amazing sites I had ever seen, let alone first thing in the morning. Whatever hangover I should have had was nowhere to be found since I was fully enjoying Sara deep throat my entire 6½ inches.

After a short while Sara said something into Lisa's ear and Lisa got up and went toward the bedroom. Mike turned around to watch his wife return to my cock. Soon Lisa returned with the bottle of KY liquid we kept in the nightstand next to our bed. Sara grabbed it from her and began to lubricate my cock. As she did this, Lisa laid back on the couch right above my head. Mark then got his knees and entered my wife directly above my head. I had seen closeups on porn movies, but to see one in real life was amazing, especially since it was my wife.

Sara was continuing to stroke my cock to get it really lubed. She then put some on her hand and began to lubricate Mike's asshole. As she did this, she whispered in my ear, "I want you to fuck my husband's ass. Don't worry about him, I fuck him with a strap-on sometimes, so his ass can handle it."

I was stunned. I had never done anyone in the ass before. While Lisa was wild in bed, it was about the only thing she did not want to do. I got to my knees behind Mike and watched his ass move back and forth as he was fucking Lisa. Sara grabbed my cock and slid it to Mike's ass and guided me into him. I entered him easily. It was so wonderfully tight around my cock. I heard him moan loudly and I wondered if I had hurt him, but he looked back at me and pushed his ass back into me to take me all the way into him.

It did not take long for the three of us to find a rhythm as I fucked Mike's ass while he fucked Lisa. It was unbelievable. The night before I had sucked and swallowed my first cock and now I was butt fucking another guy. I had never understood bi-sexual men before, but know I wondered why I had never thought I could be one of them. 

As I was thinking about all of this, I noticed that Sara had moved above Lisa so that she could have her lick her pussy. Since I was on the end of the train I could see all of us move together. The moaning was loud and would have probably been heard outside if it had not been the middle of the summer and the a/c was on.
