 Julia woke up horny. They had made love the night before. And it had been incredible. Jake had spent the entire two hours pleasing her. Massaging her, kissing her, being so gentle, and concentrating wholly on her desires. It was their first weekend without the kids in over 6 months, and they weren't wasting a minute. Every time she had wanted to get wild last night, he slowed her down, and kept the pleasure slow and constant. And she was glad. In the end they came together and fell asleep in each others arms. But now, she was horny. She wanted to fuck, no she needed to fuck, and with the kids out of the house, this was the time to fuck like they wanted to; loud, hot, and sweaty.

"Baby, wake up," she said, rubbing her hands all over his body, "I need you....I need your cock." She continued rubbing his body, working her hands down to his cock, and starting to jerk him. God she loved feeling it grow hard in her hands, she didn't know why but every time she felt it grow in her hands it made her even hornier.

"Honey come on," she begged him, "I need it now. Last night was amazing, you are amazing, but today I wanna fuck." She started jerking him a little faster.

"Mmmmphhh....ok babe, one minute, just let me wake up," Jake replied groggily. To hell with that! she thought, we don't get the house to ourselves enough to waste time. Julia slid her head under the covers and kissed her way down his body. Seeing his cock standing up she grinned, gave it a few more jerks, then slid her mouth over it. She knew what he liked, so she started circling her tongue around his cock, while jerking it faster and faster. Now she could hear his breathing getting faster, Perfect she thought. She could feel his cock tensing up, he was going to cum already! Good, then he can fuck me longer, she thought as she attacked his cock.

"Oh babe....shit hun....I'm gonna cum if you keep it up...mmmmm...ohhh yeah ....shit babe....shit .....move hun move....," he yelled as he started to cum. Julia threw the covers off and sat up, continually jerking his cock as it shot cum all over her stomach.

"Good God, hun...what a way to wake up," he said, leaning over to kiss her.

"I told you I wanted to fuck," she said grinning. "I'm gonna go clean up, and when I get back, this thing better be ready for me", she said, giving his cock a good squeeze.

About ten minutes later she returned to the bedroom, and if he wasn't hard for her before she got back, only a dead man could be soft after seeing her. She was wearing a black lace bra, almost completely see-thru, and a black garter belt holding up black silk thigh high nylons.

"I....uhhhh...holy shit...you are amazing," Jake stuttered, "Where the hell did you get that out fit?"

"After I dropped the kids off last night, I went to Victoria's Secret," she said smiling, as she turned around slowly for him. Grabbing his cock she said, "I'll take this as full approval of how I look?"

"I don't think you have ever been hotter babe," he said, pulling her down to him. They kissed passionately, running their hands all over each others bodies, their tongues dancing together between them. Lying on top of him, she ground her pussy into his hard cock, getting it good and wet.

"I need it in me now," she growled at him huskily, positioning her pussy onto his cock. With one hard push he buried it in her.

"Ughhhhhhhhhh yesssssssssss," Julia moaned, loving the feeling of his hot cock pushing deep into her, "fuck me baby.....make my pussy cum on you." She wrapped her arms under his body and grabbed his shoulders as he started fucking her. He slid his hand from her hips to her ass, and squeezed it hard, as he pumped into her faster and faster.

"Oh baby, you are so wet.....I can feel you dripping down my balls already....mmmmmm it's so hot.....yeahhhhh hmmmmmm," Jake moaned, "you feel so good.....so hot and wet....mmmmmm." Julia lifted her head and bit his neck, not hard enough to leave a mark, but hard enough to shock him.

"Ouch, what was that?" he asked.

"Stop talking, and FUCK me," she begged, wiggling her pussy around his cock. Taking the point, he grabbed her ass and started pumping her pussy faster and harder.

"Ugh...ugh...ugh.....mmmmm oh yeah.....that's it baby.....fuck me....mmmmmmmm YESS YESSS.....oh God.....oh God....here it comes....oh fuck....oh fuck....make me cum....make me cum....I...I'm.....ARGHHHHHHHHH OHhhhhhh YESSSSS," Julia screamed as her orgasm crashed through her. Her body shook as she came, she tried to climb off him, but he kept her ass gripped tight.

"You wanted me to fuck you right?" he teased her, continuing to pump her sensitive pussy.

"Mmmmm hmmm...." she whimpered, as she felt it starting to build again, "mmmmmmm hmmmm, yessssssssss." She kept trying to slide off him, putting up a small fight, not really wanting him to stop. Usually she was too sensitive after cumming to keep going, she always need a small break of slow sex, but this time, she gave in, she had asked to be fucked, and that's what she was getting. 

"No no, you can't climb off me," he said holding her in place, as he kept pumping up into her.

"OhhhhhhhhhhGaaaawwwdbaaaaaaaby.......ohhhhhhhhhhhh...yesssssssss," Julia moaned as she writhed around on top of him, "I'm coming again! Oh God...I'm... almost there...I..I..". Then he stopped, and laid her on her back, sliding his cock out of her.

"Oh...what are you doing....don't leave me hanging..." she begged, looking at him with lust filled eyes, "make me cum again, pleaseeee." He spread her legs wide, and slide his head down to her pussy, and started licking it, gently at first, around and around in long slow circles. Then he started fucking her pussy with his tongue...in and out as fast as he could.

"Oh shit...oh shit....oh fuck yeah.....lick my pussy....fuck me with your tongue," she groaned as she grabbed his head and pushed her pussy into his face. Then Jake took her clit into his mouth alternating flicking it with his tongue and sucking on it. She grabbed his head so hard she pulled his hair, but he didn't care, he kept working her clit until she flooded his mouth with her cum.

"OOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS," she screamed fucking her pussy into his face, "ahhhhhhhhghhhhhhhgggghhhhhhhhhhh." She finally let his head go, and he laid beside her, looking deeply into her eyes.

"Give me one minute babe to catch my breath," she said, "then we'll fuck again until we cum together." "What position you want?" she asked, snuggling in closer to him. Jake knew she'd be getting sore soon. They hadn't had this much sex in a long time, and no matter how horny she was, he knew she'd be getting to her limit soon.

"I wanna watch you fuck," he told her, rubbing her belly, "you are so hot when you are having sex, I want to watch you moan, and cum."

"Mmmmm, I love that position," she said, as she climbed on top of him in the reverse cow-girl position, and then laying back on him. He gently slid out from under her to the side, so he could "watch" her fuck. It was the closest he could get to seeing he have sex like he was really watching. He started to move slowly in and out of her.

"Mmmmmmmmm...that's good....yeah baby that feels really good.....keep it slow for now....mmmmmmmmmmmm," she moaned as she rubbed her tits.

"Oh honey, that is so hot and sexy...run your hands down your body and back to your tits....oh yeah," Jake groaned as he gripped her hips and kept up the steady pace, "God I love watching you fuck..." Julia closed her eyes and tilted her head back, giving him a nice view of her neck. She turned to look him in the eyes and let out a long moan.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm.....why do you like watching so much?" she asked as she grabbed her tits and squeezed down on his cock with her pussy, "why does this excite you?"

"You are just so sexy when you are having sex. Don't get me wrong babe, NOTHING is as good as the feeling of sex with you, but when I can get the feeling, AND watching you....it's just about too much to handle," he answered, going faster and faster into her wet pussy."

"Ohhhhhhh..mmmmmmm...yeahhhhh...that's soooo good baby," she moaned, "how sexy would it be if you were REALLY watching me....you know....with another man?" As she asked the question he could actually feel her getting wetter as it dripped down his balls. He couldn't believe it, they had toyed with the idea of a 3 some before, but he was always the one that brought it up. Hearing her say it first made him even more excited.

"Babe, I've told you before I think it would be hot, I just don't want to push you into doing something you don't want to do," he answered, sliding one hand to her clit, and rubbing it.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm....ahhhhhhhhhh...ohhhhhhhh.....that's it baby....wouldn't you be jealous?" she gasped as he slowed down but pushed in deep and slow, "Ughhh...wouldn't it bother you at all, seeing another....Ohhhhhhh....man....Ughhhhh....fucking me.......ARGGHHHHHH I'm cumming, I'm cumming....oh shit I'm cumming....keep going babe, keep fucking me," she begged.

"Jealous? Maybe a little at first, but.....we've never been with anyone but each other...and as long as I was there with you to experience it with you....at least the first few times....and we love each other, and I don't think we should have to go through life not knowing what sex with at least one other person is like. As jealous as I would be to start, I'd be happy knowing that I was giving you something you really wanted, if you really wanted it," he answered, rolling her clit through his fingers gently, "but to be fair....for every guy you get to fuck, I get to fuck another woman....could you handle that?" She opened her eyes and looked into his, the she looked down and watched as his cock slid in and out of her pussy, then she looked back at him.

"Mmmmm yeah, I think I could handle it, so long as I was there to watch....cause you are right....it is VERY hot to watch," she answered, laying her head back. Getting even more excited by their conversation, he had to press the issue.

"Did we just agree to have sex with other people," he asked, fucking her as fast as he could now.

"Yeah baby, oh yeah....we will....I'll watch you fuck another woman....Oh yeah...shit....Ooooooo fuck....mmmmm....and...and you can .....watch....ughh...another man make me cum........like ......mmmmm....I'm about to now......ARGGHHHHHHHHHH," she screamed as she grab his head and kissed him. He grabbed her hips and came at the same time, shooting his cum deep in her. They lay that way for awhile, just staring into each others eyes, trying to catch their breath. 

"So when are we gonna go through with this?" he asked her, holding her close to him.

"Soon babe, as soon as the chance presents itself," she said, looking up into his eyes. "Let's go shower so we can get some shopping in before we have to get the kids," she said climbing out of bed and taking off her lingerie. Jake couldn't believe it, but watching her bend over and strip was making him hard again. Julia caught his rising cock out of the corner of her eye.

"Won't that thing ever stay down?" she asked as she finished stripping. "Tell it to come back later, I am positive it will have some work to do tonight," she said as she walked out of the room. Jake just sat on the bed for a moment, enjoying the view of his wife's bare ass walking away from him. Slowly he got up to go shower with her, just about bursting with the anticipation of what they would one day do.

She was already soaped up when he got in the shower, so he pulled her close, and rubbed himself all over her. This was something they both loved the feeling of. Once they were washed and rinsed they stood holding each other under the hot spray.

"So you are really willing to do this soon?" he asked again.

"What's a matter babe, my pussy isn't good enough for you anymore," she answered him with a large fake pout on her lips; "you just NEED to have another one?"

"No...I ...hun I didn't mean..." he started.

"I know sweetie, I'm just kidding," she said, "let's just see when it happens. I am fully open to trying it when the opportunity presents itself, it could be tomorrow...it could be next year, let's just see what happens...now kiss me." They stood holding each other and kissing under the water until the hot water was gone. 

"Go pick me out something to wear to the mall, ok" Julia asked, "whatever you pick I'll wear." She grinned as he ran off to get her some clothes. Jake returned with her yellow sundress, and a white thong, no bra. The dress came to about 3 inches above her knees.

"You're lucky it's a warm fall day mister, I'd freeze in that if it wasn't so nice out," she said. 

They got dressed and drove to Crossgates Mall. They had lunch in the food court, and both of them noticed the looks she was getting in her dress, from the girls and guys. Julia was smoking hot and they both knew it. They walked around the mall once, enjoying all the attention she was getting.

"Ok, we did our lap, what now," she asked.

"We're here to treat ourselves, to splurge on us a little, so what do you want? I want to go look in the bookstore, and then maybe check out the game store, what about you?" he answered.

"I could use some new shoes," she said, "I'll go check out Macy's. Meet me there in....say an hour?"

"Deal. But you aren't going anywhere without a kiss," he said as he pulled her close, wrapping his arm around her back and purposely lifting her dress enough to show the bottom of her sweet ass.

"See you in an hour babe," Jake called out as he watched his gorgeous wife walk away. He turned to walk to the book store, smiling. He knew he was the luckiest man alive, and it felt good to know that.

He walked into Macy's looking for the shoe department. It never amazed him how much time and effort women could put into buying shoes. It seemed to take him forever to weave his way through the store before he finally found the shoe department, and as he drew closer, he could hear his wife giggling. He stared walking slower, wanting to see what was making her giggle like that, and not wanting to startle her. Her laughter was much closer now, so he peeked around a corner, and was stunned by what he was seeing. Julia was seated in a chair, with boxes of shoes near her. Her dress had ridden almost all the way up her legs; anyone walking by would most likely see her thong. And squatting in front of her, rubbing her legs and feet was another man, not more that 20 years old. She knows how to pick them, Jake thought. This guy was about 6' tall, a solid build, not overly muscular, but no fat either. He had dark shoulder length hair, and a well tanned complexion. He was rubbing her legs starting at her feet, and moving his hands up to her thighs, but he wasn't stopping above the knees, he kept moving them closer to her dress. Jake watched for a few minutes as the clerk would get his hands up to her dress and would push it a little higher each time, before Julia playfully pushed his hands away, then he would start it all over. He knew that the next time the clerk got to her dress his fingers would be brushing against her thong. And he stood there and watched as the man brought his hands up her thighs, and this time, Julia opened here legs for him. The guy was clearly not expecting this, and looked to be shaking a little with nervousness. Julia gently moved his hand away and pulled her dress down, and then she leaned in close to him and whispered something in his ear. She looked over the clerks shoulder and saw Jake watching her, and she winked and smiled at him. The clerk stood up with a noticeable bulge in his pants. Julia chuckled as the man blushed and adjusted himself. As Jake walked closer Julia stood up.

"Honey, this is Marco, a college kid from Arizona. Marco helped me find some shoes to buy, and he told me some sad news," Julia said.

"Oh, what's the sad news?" Jake asked.

"Marco has never had sex, and he is 18 years old," she said, "he was hoping to get laid for the first time his freshman year in college." Looking at Marco Julia said, "Go get what I told you to buy, and meet us at the Sears exit. If we aren't there in ten minutes Marco, we changed our minds, ok?"

"Uh, ok....sure," the boy replied, and then turned and all but ran from the store.

"I was his last customer of the day, now he usually goes and sits in the food court and waits for his roommate to pick him up at 6. I told him that maybe I could help him with his problem? Are you still up for it?" Julia asked Jake, leaning in close and giving him a very wet kiss.

"Ummm, yeah, sure. Where are we going to go?" he asked, as he felt his cock getting hard again.

"I'm going to go buy my shoes, you go and move the car seats to the front seats, and lay the back seats of the Jeep down. I'll get Marco and meet you at the Jeep," she replied, as she kissed him and walked away with her shoes. Jake's mind was reeling, was this really going to happen? They had fantasized about it for so long. Only one way to find out...

I sure am glad we parked in a corner of the parking garage, Jake thought as he moved the car seats to the front, and folded down the back seats. They kept a few blankets in the Jeep for emergencies, and he had just finished laying them down when Julia appeared at the side of the Jeep with Marco. She put her shoes in the front seat, then looked around and climbed into the back with Marco to join Jake.

"Honey this is Marco, Marco this is my husband Jake. He is going to watch you fuck me ok?" she said.

"So long as he is ok with it, sure," replied Marco.

"It's ok Marco, this is a fantasy we've had for awhile," said Jake sitting back to watch the show. 

Julia looked at Marco, "Did you buy what I told you?"

"Yes, plain condoms and KY Liquid lube, right here in my pocket," Marco replied.

"Go ahead, and take your pants off," Julia told him, lying back on the blankets and slowly running her hands all over her body, "let's see what I am dealing with here." Marco stripped quickly, revealing his fairly well sculpted body. Jake saw Julia smile as she looked this young man over from head to toe, obviously happy with his physical appearance. His cock stood at attention. 

"Hmmmm, not as big or thick as you hun, but it will do," Julia said, reaching out and giving it a few quick strokes, "do you need help with the condom Marco?"

"No, I got it," he said, as he tore it open and hastily put it on his dick. Julia leaned back and looked at Jake. She moved in close to give him a kiss and whispered, "You are sure about this right?" He looked at her and smiled, and nodded yes. She rolled away from him. She lay in front of Marco, and grabbed the bottom of her dress. She lifted herself up and slowly slid her dress over her head. Marco's eyes about fell from his head; laying in front of him in only a thong was a gorgeous woman, about to have sex with him, while her husband watched. She slid the thong down her legs and tossed it aside. She grabbed her ankles and slowly ran her hands up her legs and over her belly as she lay back down; having her hands come to rest on her breasts. She cupped them, and tweaked her nipples with her fingers, making her nipples stand at attention like Marco's dick.

"So are you going to stare all night, or are you going to fuck me?" she asked him, as she spread her legs. Marco grabbed the lube and spread it over his cock; he looked to Julia to see if she wanted any.

"No need stud, I'm as wet as I will ever be," she told him. Marco moved over her, with his cock in his hand, positioning it at her pussy opening. She looked at Jake and stared into his eyes as Marco pushed his cock into her.

"MMMMmmmm that's good," she said, "now take it slow at first, you don't want to cum to fast." Marco tried to control himself, he started moving slowly at first, but after 3 or 4 strokes he was groaning and moaning. He leaned over her and pumped faster and faster, unable to control the incredible feeling of sex for the first time. After about twelve strokes he came. 
