 "Come here." He motioned with his index finger in an effort to trump my hesitation. "Drew, I..." The inside of my mouth grew dry and I traced my tongue over my lips to moisten them. Reluctantly, I took a step towards him. "That's it sexy." He closed the hairline distance between us and draped his arm over my tense shoulders. "Come on now, you'll enjoy this." He lifted my chin with his finger to meet his eyes. "It's what you want remember."

The allure of his hazel eyes shone in assuredness, alleviating my reservations.

"And I want to give you what you want." His lips gently brushed mine.

I nodded, and looked over towards the bed at her naked silhouette. She was beautiful, I must confess. And for whatever reason, she stirred an unfamiliar tingle deep inside me. Not the uncontrollable 'God I can't stand it anymore, fuck me now.' No, it wasn't that type of hunger. Hell, we knew nothing of each other, outside of the fact; that less than an hour ago, she sweetly served us one drink after another. However, now, tiny currents of ripples travelled and teased my cunt. Secretly, I wondered what it would be like to kiss her. To feel the warm wetness of her tongue lick up, down, and dance around mine. Very soft and teasingly you know? Sweet, feminine and slow. I squeezed my thighs against the arousing ache, trying to push away the thought of taking her firm breast in my hands and tweaking her perfectly rounded nipple.

"It's okay sweetheart." She extended her hand. "Come here. It's all in fun," She flashed an angelic smile. "You'll enjoy it, I promise."

She placed her delicate hand in mine, sending both shock and excitement riveting through my body. I wasn't quite as prepared as I'd claimed to be, and stood wishing Drew's arms were still around me. He moved in behind me and pressed his eager cock into my ass.

"I won't fuck her I promise." He pulled back the hair from my neck and bit into it.

The man knew without reserve, how to make me surrender. The warm wetness of his tongue bathed my neck and my body intuitively arched in response. "Mmm...I see you like that kitten." She purred and closed the distance between us.

With a smile, she trailed her finger, followed by her tongue, down the opposite side of my neck. Lightly, she nipped the nape. My body kicked into overdrive and I pushed my ass deeper into Drew's cock, forcing my hardened nipples into her. She reciprocated, and pressed her much heavier tits into my ultra sensitive peaks.

"I love your tiny tits," She moved the soft, round weight of them in a slow seductive circle. "And your full hard nipples....Mmm" She teased the swollen tips of my nipples, and my cunt cried out in torture. Drew dug his hand inside of my mini skirt. His breath, still hot and heavy, hovered like a cloud and he bit down hard into the raw column of my neck. "Drew" His name translucently fell from my lips in a pant as he rammed two wide-spread fingers inside my throbbing wet cunt. His thick fingers glided and hammered with rugged strength through the silk of my juices. "Oh yeah."

I grinded my greedy hips further down onto his fingers, taking them in as far as they could possibly go. He dug in deeper, and reached around with his free hand to pinch and pull my nipple. My fucking cunt burned and I could feel the swell of sweet pussy juice building. Teasingly, she trailed her finger down the length of my body.

"You like getting finger fucked, don't you sweetie?" She reached between my legs, drawing the juice from Drew's fingers and massaged it into my clit.

"God, Yes!" I tilted my hips to allow her better access, which also permitted Drew to drill my cunt harder. Their fingers seesawed with precision. Simultaneously pounding and rubbing. Rubbing and pounding. Fucking me. "Oh...Fuck my cunt please!"

"Go on baby, be a whore. Get off on it; it makes my fucking cock hard." He reached for his cock and started pumping it.

I slid my hand in between her trim thighs and spread the soft petals of her pussy. God, she was fucking wet and her cunt cream permeated the air. The perfumed essence filled my senses. Fuck she smelled so good...she made my cunt water and I sank my fingers into her.

"Oh..." The heavy black layered mascara of her lashes fluttered, as she swayed her hips in a circle.

"Want to taste her cunt baby?"

Drew tugged on his cock, pumping more vehemently. The friction reddened the tip of his swollen head. "Oh, yes!"

"Mmm...bet you do sexy. But not yet." I withdrew my two fingers from her cunt and licked the tips. "Oh baby, she tastes so fucking good." I slid the remainder of my two soaking wet fingers all the way into my mouth. "Mmmm...so fucking sweet."

"Ah..." He tightened his grip on his cock and jerked faster. His breath came in short bursts and the slit of his head leaked out a stream of pre-cum.

I eased my cunt from his drilling fingers and lowered my mouth to his cock. My mouth watered the instant my tongue lapped up the salty, hot liquid.

"Oh baby, you taste so fucking good too." I claimed his mouth and our tongues collided, spearing to share the taste. "Don't you dare move or cum, okay." He nodded and licked his lips.

On my knees, I scooted over and parted her legs further. The trembling of her legs pelted against my cheek, and I spread the wings of her slippery folds.

"You want me to tongue fuck you sweetie?" My finger lingered and rimmed her hole. I flicked her clit with my tongue. "Huh?" I dipped my finger in a little more. "You want me to tongue fuck, your pretty little pussy?" I rubbed the plentiful juice over the smooth mound of her bare pussy.

"Yes! Fuck my cunt please...." She gripped my hair, and pushed her cum drenched pussy into my face. "Fuck it."

She thrust her hips, and rode my face in slow, deep circles. I matched the rhythmic movements of her hips and buried my tongue and nose into her wanton precious pussy. Her sweet juice slathered my face and she arched. I gripped her ass, and buried three fingers into her quivering cunt.

"I'm gonna eat your fucking cunt until you fill my mouth with your sweet, sweet cum." I drew her clit into my mouth and suckled her honey. The dark depths of her heated pussy set my fingers on fire and I sucked harder on the solid ball of her clit. "You like that too huh? Being finger fucked." I circled the walls of her cunt nice and slow before slipping them all the way up inside her. "Oh yeah you do. You like me fucking you with my fingers." I licked the opening of her warm slick cunt. "And fucking your hot cunt with my tongue."

"Fuck yes!" She pushed her hips further into my mouth and deeper onto my fingers. In a moment she'd flood my mouth with her heated cum and my pussy contracted in a wave of burning aches.

"Ohh....Ohhh" Drew moaned with each pounding stroke of his rock solid cock. "Yes! You guys are so fucking hot." He pumped. "I can't stand it."

I slid my tongue out of her juicy cunt and inserted a third finger. "Don't you dare cum! Get over here and fuck the shit out of my pussy baby."

She lowered to the floor onto her back, and I remained on all fours, as he moved in and inched his cock up to my opening.

"You want my big fat cock in your wet pussy baby?" He slid his warm cock through my wetness, drawing it from my hole up through to my swollen clit and back again. "You want me to fuck your cunt?" He teased my cunt further with his cock.

"Oh yes baby! Please!" Intuitively, my whore legs spread further and I tilted my ass up in plea for him to take me.

"I'm gonna fuck your wet cunt so hard." He fed the tip of his head into my pussy. "And then I'm going to fuck that tight, sweet, slut ass of yours."

"Yes baby! Fuck my cunt. Fuck my ass." I pushed my cunt deeper onto his cock. Desperate to have him bury the remainder of his hardness into my pussy. "Fuck your cunt!" I closed my lips over her pussy, and sucked her cunt more aggressively.

"Eat that pussy baby." He whipped the side of my ass. "You like the taste of her cunt cream, don't you?" He inched his cock in further. "Ah...yeah you do, you little cunt whore." He pushed down on my hips and drove the rest of his cock into my cunt.

"Oh...fuck it baby." The silk juice of my pussy slid over the length of his cock, in and out, matching his thrusts. "Fuck it hard!" I buried two fingers in her cunt and she lifted her hips up from the floor.

"Make me cum." She threaded her thin fingers past my cheeks, into my hair, and smashed her naked cunt further into my face. "Oh yes!"

Drew hammered my pussy, his thick cock filled the walls of my cunt and the burn of building cum swelled throughout my navel.

"Cum baby!" He fucked more profusely. "Cum all over my big, hard, cock."

Our breaths heaved, in lustful pants, and we pounded each other more viciously. "Oh! Oh God! I'm Cumming!" Her legs tightened below me and she arched the small of her back. "Yes! Yes!" She gripped my face and filled my mouth with her hot, sweet cum.

"Fuck!" Drew pounded forth another deep thrust. His tight cock pulsed against the walls of my cunt. "I'm gonna fucking cum inside you."

"Fill my cunt baby." I rode his cock faster and harder, licking her sweet juice from my lips. "Fucking cum inside me!"

"Oh, Oh, Oh..." His forceful thrusts slowed and his cock swelled into rapid pulses.

"Yes baby, yes!" I tightened my cunt around his cock. "Fill my cunt."

"Oh..." He gripped my hips and stiffened behind me. His cock throbbed against the walls of my cunt and he shot his wad in plentiful spurts deep inside my warm, wet pussy. "Oh yes."

"Mmm..." I gently released his spent cock and turned around to kiss him. "Feel better sexy?"

He nodded and smiled. "You just don't even know."

"You eat cunt good, sweetie. Best I've ever had." She planted a kiss on my cheek and snaked her hand between my damp thighs.

My body was exhausted but for some reason my cunt still craved to be touched...by her. "You liked that huh?" I said teasingly and spread my legs slightly.

"It's one of the best feelings in the world." She rubbed her hand through the mixture of mine and Drew's cum. Tucking her wet fingers in the folds of my pussy, she lowered to my erect nipple and flicked the very tip of it with her tongue.

God, how is it possible to be this turned on? I slowly rode her fingers, bearing down on them. She inserted the rest of her fingers. Slowly turning and spreading them inside my cunt. She nipped my nipple between her teeth and gave a playful pull.

"Baby, I want to see her eat your pussy." Drew's breath cascaded down my spine. "Let her taste your sweet cunt." He pinched my free nipple.

"One taste." I smiled. "Because I want your cock in my mouth."

He smiled and she lowered her head in between my cum drenched legs. The warm wet tip of her tongue kissed my clit. Fuck! Her tongue darted out for another lick, then another.

"Feels so fucking good." I combed my fingers through her hair, drawing her closer into my pussy.

"You two taste so fucking good!" She withdrew her fingers from my slick cunt and dipped her tongue into my cream filled pussy. "Yum! Makes me so fucking wet." She lowered a finger to her cunt and playfully traced it over her clit. "Mmm..."

Drew took his cock in hand and slowly stroked it. "That's it girl. Don't stop."

She rimmed the opening of my hole with her two fingers. "You're so wet." She brought her hand from her pussy and used it to spread open the lips of my juicy cunt. "I love the way you taste." She took my clit in her mouth and slowly slid her fingers in and out of my pussy.

"She does taste fucking good, doesn't she?" Drew pumped his cock.

"Mmm...hmmm." She licked in full, wide circles. Driving her fingers in deeper.

"Tongue fuck me!" I tugged her hair, pulling her teasing tongue from my clit. She nestled further in between my thighs and licked my hole as she slid her fingers in and out. I eased her head lower and tilted my ass, bringing it straight to her tongue. "Fucking lick it!" She swiped a quick lick with the tip of her wet tongue. Then another, with the full length of her tongue, deep, around the hole of my ass and up into my cunt. "Oh yes! Just like that."

Drew stroked his cock faster and tighter. "Oh yeah! Lick her ass." He pumped. "Tongue fuck that sweet, tight ass."

She buried her face deeper into my ass cheeks, butting her tongue up the rim of my hole. The warm, wetness of her tongue swirled around my ass and she sank her fingers into my cunt.

"Fuck yes! Fuck me." I pushed deeper into her face and she buried her fingers inside me. "Fucking make me cum...eat me." She pushed her tongue up past the rim of my ass and bobbed her tongue in and out of my tight hole.

"Mmmm...." Drew pumped and brought his tightly veined cock up to my mouth.

I circled the taut head with my mouth, dipping my tongue into his opening.

"You're gonna cum down the back of my fucking throat." I took his whole tip into my mouth and swirled my tongue over his fat swollen head. He slid his hand down a little and fed me another inch of his stiff cock.

I wiggled my hips and pulled her tongue from my ass.

"Get up here and give me what I really want."

"Baby no, let her fuck..."

"Sshh...no." I licked the tip of his cock. "We had an agreement remember? And you promised you'd give me what I want right."

He nodded and smiled. "Okay, if it's really what you want."

"It is." I winked and withdrew his hands from his hard cock.

He stood erect and I scooted over on my knees slightly, to allow her enough room to kneel beside me.

"Thank you. That felt so fucking good." I kissed her lips. "But this is what I really want." I smiled. "What I really desire."

She smiled and I placed my fingers in a circle below the head of Drew's cock. She traced the inner muscles of his legs with her fingers. I lowered my other hand to his balls and played with his well hung sac until she brought her delicate hands to his cock, alongside mine.

"He's got one of the best cock's I've ever seen." She toyed with his balls and trailed her finger along the side of his rock solid cock. "You're a very lucky girl."

"Yes, I am! And he can fuck like nobody else." I licked the right side of his balls. "You're a lucky girl too you know. You get to taste this big, fat, hard, cock." I slid my tongue over the left side of his nuts.

"I can't fucking wait to taste him." She lightly stroked the head of his cock and lowered her mouth to his balls. She drew her wet tongue across the swollen sac.

"Oh..." He spread his stance and placed his hands on top of our heads.

"He tastes fucking good, doesn't he?" I licked again.

"God yes!" She lapped.

In unison, we slowly pumped his cock and licked his balls all over. Up, and down, side to side, meeting in the middle of his engorged sac. I licked her tongue and we bathed his balls with our wet, warm mouths. We each drew in one of nuts into our mouths and sucked lightly.

"Oh my God, feels so fucking good." He pushed his heated balls deeper into our faces.

I moved up the length of his shaft, to his head, and she continued to tongue his balls. Our hands encased his hardness and we stroked and pumped his long, hard cock.

"Oh Fuck." His breath quickened and he tightened his grip.

"You like your cock being sucked baby?" I slipped my hand down a tad, pushing her hand further down his cock. I took what was left of his exposed cock into my mouth. "Mmm..."

"Yes!" He thrust and I drew my mouth to the top of his head.

"You like the way she licks your balls baby?" I sucked the circumference of his head. "Does her fucking tongue feel good on your balls?" I swirled my tongue over his fat head. "You like the way we pump your cock?" I placed my hand over her hand and we tightened our grips around his length and stroked him faster. "You fucking like that baby?" "God Yes!" 

Her head moved side to side, and up and down as her tongue raked all over his balls. My cunt burned, knowing damn well, how good her tongue fucking felt. I sucked harder on Drew's cock.

"Fuck yeah!" She pumped faster and met me at the top of his engorged cock. "Let me taste." She dipped her tongue in my mouth briefly and lowered her mouth over his head. "Mmm."

I slid my tongue down the side of Drew's cock, skipping over our conjoined hands and stopped at the base of his cock. "Fuck her mouth baby." I lowered my hands to his balls and cupped them lightly, licking his nuts in between my fingers. "Come on baby, fuck!" I spread his ass and circled my tongue around his hole. "Gonna tongue fuck your ass baby." I poked my tongue into his ass and he stiffened.

"Fuck! Oh baby, fuck my ass." His breath quickened and I drove my tongue further into his ass. The heavy weight of his balls slapped my face as she bobbed and pumped his cock.

"Feels so fucking good! Don't stop! Don't stop!" His nuts tightened in my hands.

"Oh look at your hard fucking cock." She tugged his shaft faster and harder. "You like her tongue up your ass? Is she fucking your ass good?"

"Yes! Yes! Oh...."

I slipped the tip of my finger up his ass and licked all around. "Mmm..."

"I'm gonna cum!" He panted.

"No!" She stilled pumping him and squeezed his cock. "Not yet." She made her way down to his balls and I licked my way up to his cock.

"You want to cum baby?" I swiped my tongue over his opening and lapped up his pre-cum. "You want to shoot your hot cum down the back of my throat."

"Yes! Oh fucking yes!" He fisted my hair. "Gonna cum all over your pretty face."

"Fucking cum all over my face baby!" I slapped his hard cock against the side of my cheeks. "Fucking use me."

"I'm going to fucking cum all over you." His eyes bore down into mine.

"Yes! You're gonna feed me your cum while she tongue fucks your ass baby." I took his whole cock into my mouth, until the tip of his head hit the back of my throat.

"Baby." His cock tightened and pulsed against my mouth and I slowly drug my mouth and tongue back up to his head.

"Come on baby! Fuck my mouth. Feed me your hot cum." I took him partially in and came back up. "Does her tongue feel good in your ass?" I pumped him. "She's fucking you, you know that? You fucking like that don't you? Makes you so fucking hot." I dipped down and gathered more pre-cum on the tip of my tongue. "You're gonna fucking explode. Come on baby, cum down my throat and all over my pretty face, while she tongue fucks your ass." I took his whole cock back in. All the way down until his fat cock tipped the back of my throat and filled my cheeks.

He gripped my head and thrust. "Ah..." His solid cock twitched and pulsed in my mouth. "Ah...baby, ah...Oh..." His body stilled, and he flooded the back of my throat with his river of hot cum.

"Oh yeah." She met me at his cock and the smell of his ass escaped her breath. I slowly rose from his spent cock, lapping up the remainder of his salty liquid and swallowed it.

"The smell of his cum on your breath is incredible." She licked her lips and leaned in. "Care to share?"

"Mmm...tell me about it. The smell of his ass on you is intoxicating." I smashed my lips around her wet, plump lips and slowly parted them with my tongue.

"Hey now, you two." He laughed and gently separated us. "As long as we are giving out taste tests, you must share and share alike."

He slid his tongue out and the three of us licked each other's tongues for a moment. "Very good." He licked his lips. "So baby," He enveloped me in his arms. "Tell me, was it everything you wanted?"

I smiled. "Baby, you are and all I ever wanted." I softly kissed his lips. "You're such a lucky girl."

"Amen." I gave her a wink. "Yes, he's an incredible lover as you said. And my lover fulfills my every desire. I want for nothing more."

She kissed the side of my cheek and gave Drew a peck. "And you're a lucky man." She smiled. "If your lover should ever want or have any desire, please call me." She squeezed my hand and eyed him. "I guarantee I will beat you to her intoxicating pussy. I wasn't lying when I said it's the best I've ever had." She reached for her purse and turned back towards him. "You don't have to fuck me, but I'll promise you, I'm fucking her pussy too."
