 It actually started completely unexpectedly. My wife and I had been invited to dinner by some new friends of ours that we had met at our local golf club. We had played a couple of rounds with them and enjoyed each others company, but hadn't spent much time with one another. As a result, we had really not got much further than the pleasantries that one generally exchanges. 

After dinner, we retired to the sitting room where we sat drinking wine and chatting easily as if we had known each other for much longer than we actually had. We were sitting on a pair of couches facing opposite one another and separated by only a glass coffee table. As we chatted, I took the opportunity to check Daniela out. She was wearing a navy-blue wrap-around skirt in a thin, flowing, crinkled-look material together with a pink cardigan that zipped up the front, but was partially unzipped both from the top and from the waist. This meant that about six inches of the cardigan was zipped together, successfully hiding some kind of white top. Her long legs were crossed. The open sandals that she had been wearing were kicked off, exposing her pretty feet. Much to my pleasure, I noted that she had painted her toe-nails in bright pink. Don't get me wrong - I'm not into feet or anything - but I do find painted toe-nails very sensual!

As I was letting my mind drift, with half an ear on the conversation, I watched with growing interest as Daniela uncrossed her legs, sagging down sideways a little until she was half-lying across her husband's chest and lap, resting herself on her arm which was on the other side of his thigh. In doing so, I got a brief glimpse of her long slender thighs, stretching almost all the way up to her warm sex, before she tugged her skirt back and tucked it between her closed knees. Her taunting, faint, enigmatic smile made me wonder whether she knew that I had been watching her.

A minute later, she sat upright, unzipped her cardigan and pulled it off before sinking back to where she was before. In doing so, her thighs parted and this time the material of her skirt slipped off her thighs again. This time however, she was sitting facing straight towards me. As the blue ruffled material slid away, more and more of her pale brown thighs were revealed. Time seemed to slow down and the material peeled excruciatingly slowly off her legs. I became aware of a few tiny golden blonde hairs on her legs; noticed a miniscule black mole on her inner thigh about three inches up from her left knee. Still her skirt moved away, appearing to get slower and slower with each inch of skin that was exposed.

Now her skirt was almost up to her crotch and it drew away like a stage curtain, gradually revealing a pair of bright red panties. As they became more and more exposed, I saw that the front panel was made of scarlet lace. The lace was woven into a pattern of roses, complete with stems and thorns. In the gaps between the flowers, I could make out the hint of a blonde pubic bush.

Almost before it had begun, the show was over. Daniela tugged her skirt back, catching my eye as she pulled herself together. In doing so, she caused a thunderbolt of energy to flash between us and in that moment it was clear to me that she knew exactly what she had been doing and that she actually wanted me to see her. My heart thumped loudly in my ears, the gaps between the heartbeats reverberating in the sudden silence. Having lost all sense of time, I glanced over to Petra to see if I had been caught watching Daniela.

To my surprise, Petra wasn't even looking at Daniela's skirt or legs. She was staring at where Daniela was lying. I looked over to see that the white top that Daniela was wearing was skin tight and thin. So thin that you could clearly see the shape - if not the colour - of her nipples through the white material. But this was not what Petra was looking at. She was staring at James's hand which was cupping Daniela's left breast and playing with her nipple as if it were the most natural thing in the world to be doing in front of us! I looked closer and could clearly see that her nipple had stiffened under her husbands fingers. I felt the flat of Petra's hand touch my left thigh and rest there. For a minute I thought she was going to tell me to get ready to leave, but then I glanced over to her and saw that she was enraptured by what she was seeing. A small flush spread across her lower through and down towards her chest, where it was hidden by her brightly-coloured summer dress. I could feel the heat of Petra's hand searing into my thigh and spreading up towards my groin.

As we both watched on in awe, Daniela slipped one hand down and cupped James's groin. My cock began to pulse and my mouth go dry with excitement.

'You don't mind do you? It's just that we like having an audience.'

Petra and I looked at one another, speechless. With one quick glance at Daniela I said.

'Can I speak to Petra outside a second?'

'Sure.'

I took Petra by the hand and we went out into the hallway, pulling the door closed behind us.

'Bloody hell! I never would have thought that this would happen!'

'Nor me!'

'Shall we go?'

'Yes - no. Hell I don't know! What do you think?'

'I don't know - it's all a bit weird. I'm not going to get into any swapping - that's for sure.'

'Nor me. I don't even know whether I want to watch.'

'I don't either, but ...'

'But what?'

'Well, I have to admit that am turned on - almost against my own will!' 

Yes! I couldn't believe this - Petra had always been so prim and proper!

'I am certainly turned on!'

'So I can see!'

'OK, then let's go back in and see what happens, but before we do, I want you to take your bra off.'

'What? No way!'

'Petra - they're certainly not going to be worried about you being braless and anyway, you'll still have your dress on!'

'Have you planned this with them?'

'No! Of course not!'

'Well, I guess ...'

She glanced at the door, making sure it was shut and then slipped the spaghetti straps of her sundress over her shoulders and quickly took off her red and white striped bra before pulling the dress back up over her perky little breasts. I took the bra from her and stuffed it into the pocket of my coat which was hanging on a peg in the hall.

'Let's go.'

'OK, but we stop whenever we want to right?'

'Sure.'

As we walked back in and sat down, the other two grinned like cats that had got the proverbial milk. Petra adopted subconsciously a position similar to Daniela and I reached over her shoulder and let my hand gently brush against her breast which was now coated in a thin covering of her dress. She jumped a mile and glared at me. I leant over and whispered in her ear.

'Relax. They aren't paying any attention to us anyway.'

It was true. Daniela and James were kissing each other hard with him cupping her breast and her rubbing the flat of her hand over a growing bulge in his groin. Petra looked over at them and then turned back to me. I cupped her breast and she relaxed back against me. Her nipple was already erect and I too started playing with it, just as James was doing to Daniela.

'Hmm. That's nice. It isn't that. I'm just getting very horny and it's a bit embarrassing.'

'Not at all. I am also horny. Just relax and enjoy yourself.'

'I want to touch you. Like Daniela and James.'

'Touch me.'

'Oh, that is good. It turns me on, doing the same as them.'

'Then let's just copy them. We'll take their lead.'

As we watched, I saw James slip one hand under the white fabric of Daniela's top and cup her breast. Through the thin white material, I could clearly see that he was gently squeezing her breast and playing with her nipple, rubbing and rolling it between his thumb and forefinger. Taking my hand off her breast for a second, I slipped my fingertips under the edge of Petra's dress and then push my hand down towards her breast. As I did so, I could feel that her skin was lightly coated in a sheen of sweat which made my hand stick slightly as I reached down to cup her breast. Her breast too has hot and sticky and her erect nipple had a warm slightly rubbery feel to it. As I started gently teasing her nipple between thumb and forefinger, Petra sighed and relaxed back onto the sofa. She replaced her hand on my thigh and held me mid-thigh with her warm clammy hand.

I think that it was at that moment that James and Daniela realised that we were copying them. It was certainly at that point, that they started raising the stakes and they were also certainly not the only ones wondering exactly how far Petra and I would go. I was definitely hot enough to go a lot further but I wasn't so sure about Petra. Whatever the reason, it was then that James reached down and placed his other hand on the inside of Daniela's knee, watching me the whole time with a slight smile on his face. I did the same to Petra, pulling her dress up to just above her knees so that I could touch her skin.

Of course both Petra and I knew what was going to happen next and sure enough, James started 'pulling' Daniela's knee to one side so that her legs started to spread. What I wasn't expecting was the slowness with which he did it - I don't know whether he was giving me time to copy his movements or simply wanted to tease us both, but for whatever reason, the movement became an excruciatingly slow and erotic show.

As James slowly drew Daniela's knees apart, I did the same to Petra, watching how the brightly coloured stretchy material of her dress tensed before juddering up her thighs in small steps as her thighs parted. Daniela's dress had once again started slipping off her thighs and falling down outside her legs. As it did so, a 'v' opened up in the material, the apex of which moved slowly towards her crotch as her thighs parted. Her panties came into view. Once again I was treated to the sight of the red embroidered panel stretched over her pussy. The blood started pounding in my heart and my fully erect cock started throbbing with excitement.

Petra's thighs were now parted enough for both James and Daniela to get their first glimpse of her knickers. Since I hadn't seen her getting ready to come out, I had no idea what Petra was wearing. It still amazed me that Petra was letting me expose her in this way. She was completely relaxed under my hand(s) and was not resisting at all as I pulled her knees even further apart.

I looked across at her to see that she was glued to James and Daniela's activities. Her face was flushed and her eyes were glazed with excitement.

Turning back to look at the other two, I watched as James pulled Daniela's skirt away from her lap so that we now had a clear view of her lace-covered crotch. As he did so, Daniela slid downwards and forwards with her bum so that skirt was pulled behind her. She stopped with her bum at the edge of the sofa and slouched down in the comfortable couch so that her pussy was now presented to us in all its glory.

Not to be outdone, I started tugging Petra's dress up her thighs and was more than a little surprised as she lifted her bum up off the sofa to help me. With her dress finally up over her hips, Petra now slipped forwards, mirroring Daniela's movements until she too was half-lying at the edge of the sofa. At first, she kept her knees pressed tightly together, so that we could hardly see what she was wearing. Then slowly, very slowly, she opened them, revealing a pair of smoky-grey silk panties with a lace rim. At first, all that could be seen was a thin strip of silk between her legs, but as she continued slowly spreading her legs, the strip of silk became wider until the whole of her silk-covered pussy could be seen. James and Daniela had stopped what they were doing to watch the show that Petra was putting on for them.

The grey silk was bundled up at first and folds of silk were gathered between her thighs, but as her legs continued to part, the silk was pulled tighter and tighter until it was pulled up firmly and gradually revealed the shape of her pubic mound. Her legs continued parting and the material was pulled tighter. Now the shiny smoky-grey silk revealed the folds of her sex, turning a darker shade of grey where the silk came into contact with her obviously damp pussy.

Once she had spread her legs as far as they could go, she hooked one leg over my thigh and cuddled up to me, watching with interest to see what Daniela and James would do now. To my surprise, it was Daniela that took over the initiative. Grinning, she reached over and first unbuttoned, then unzipped James's trousers and pulled his jeans open. Although little could be seen, it was clear that James was as hard as I was - if the bulge in the white cotton of his underpants was anything to judge by! Without waiting for Petra, Daniela sat upright and reached down to grab the bottom of her white top. Pulling it out of her skirt, she peeled it slowly up her body, gradually revealing a flat bronzed tummy and then the first shallow curves of the undersides of her breasts. It was at this point that she waited; her arms crossed over her upper chest, holding her white top up without revealing anything. She looked pointedly at Petra.

Petra took the hint and turned to me. Bending forwards, she unbuttoned my trousers, making sure that the other two could see as each button was ceremoniously popped open. Once all six buttons were undone, she peeled my trousers apart so that the other two could see what was being revealed. As she did so, my turquoise blue 'Homme Sport' briefs could be seen. Since my cock was trapped in the folds of my trousers, she reached inside my trousers and rearranged me so that the bulge of my cotton-covered cock was on display.

Daniela had a good look at my exposed bulge and then began to pull off her white top. She peeled her top off up her body inch by inch, gradually revealing the swell of her breasts which were as bronzed as the rest of her body. Higher and higher her top went until we could now see her dark brown nipples which were as stiff as organ stops and were at least 1cm long. As she pulled her top over her head, we were able to see her perfect breasts for the first time. She was at least a B- and possibly a C-cup but as firm as 17 year old. Her golden brown skin was uninterrupted by bikini lines of any sort so it was clear that she either sunbathed topless or spent a lot of time in the solarium.

This seemed to trigger Petra in some unfathomable way. She stood up and slid first one, then the other spaghetti strap over her shoulders and then pulled her arms through so that her dress was now holding itself up. Just as she was about to start shimmying out of her dress, Daniela stood up, her breasts swaying slightly with the movement.

'Why don't I help you Petra?'

Petra glanced down at me briefly and I caught her eye. There was something unreadable there - a mixture of excitement and of having crossed some imaginary line. I wondered where this was leading to. Daniela walked around the glass coffee table and stood within arms length of Petra. Smiling at her, she reached up and gently took hold of the top of Petra's dress between the forefinger and thumb of each hand. Keeping eye contact with her the whole time, Daniela slowly drew Petra's dress down over her small pert breasts. Out of the corner of my eye I could see James sitting upright as Petra's small pert breasts with their coffee-coloured erect nipples appeared. By now Daniela had pulled Petra's dress down to her waist. She moved forward until their breasts touched and I saw Petra's mouth open slightly in a silent gasp at the erotic contact. Seeing that she wasn't going to complain, Daniela gently rubbed her breasts over Petra's so lightly that little more than the crowns of their breasts made contact. Then she slowly sank down to her knees, letting her nipples trail down Petra's flat body and over her still-covered crotch until she was kneeling in front of her.

She continued to pull Petra's dress down over her hips, gradually revealing her smoky-grey silk panties. They were cut low and clung tightly to her flat stomach leaving two shallow hollows between her skin and her panties just inside each hip bone. As her dress was pulled down over her thighs, her plain silk panties came into view. It wasn't the first time that Daniela and James had seen them, but the sight of the smooth grey silk tightly wrapped around Petra's cute cum and pussy set my heart beating even faster and I wondered what effect it was having on the other two.

As soon as her dress reached her feet, Petra stepped out of it and picked it up before dropping it on the sofa. Before Daniela could react, Petra had crouched down in front of her and was busy untying the binding of her wrap-around skirt. As soon as shed had opened the knot, the skirt simply fell to the floor at Daniela's feet. I now saw that Daniela wasn't wearing a thong as I had assumed but was wearing bikini-style panties, the bum of which was made of plain red silk. Her bum was muscular and I wondered what sport she did apart from golf.

Then Petra did something completely unexpected. She was still crouched in front of Daniela, but reached out and grabbed her bum with both hands and pulled Daniela towards her. Bending forwards she kissed the flat of Daniela's tanned tummy between her navel and the upper edge of her panties. Almost before I could take in what I had just seen, Petra stood up and pulled me to my feet.

'I think that it's time that we see a little bit more of Grant's horny body, don't you Daniela?'

'Absolutely!'

I'll take his shirt off if you do his jeans.'

'Fine by me!'

Seconds later Petra was unbuttoning my shirt and pulling it off. At the same time, Daniela started with my jeans. As she reach to take hold of the open jeans, she briefly let her fingers drift along my cotton-covered cock, unseen by the others before tugging my jeans down and leaving me standing there in just my turquoise blue briefs.

By now the bulge in my pants was pulling the waistband away from my stomach. This had certainly caught the attention of the other two. Daniela looked pointedly at my groin and grinned.

'Now I know why you are always smiling Petra!'

'That's right! But I think that this is as far as we will go ...'

'No problem, but I think I have to take care of poor James. Would it bother you?'

Petra looked at me questioningly. I shrugged my shoulders and motioned that it was OK with me. Truth to tell, there was no way that I wanted to stop but I wasn't going to risk blowing everything at this stage.

'OK. Shall we leave or can we just watch?'

'You don't have to leave - you can watch or do you own thing or whatever!'

With that Daniela turned and went back to James who stood up and took his shirt off. Pulling down his jeans, she pushed him back onto the sofa, leaving him sitting in just a pair of white cotton boxer shorts. Daniela reached out and yanked his shorts down to expose a completely shaven cock. I felt Petra tense up next to me as she saw his swollen cock for the first time. Daniela wrapped one hand around its thick shaft and slowly began to masturbate him. With each downward stroke, the glistening purple crown was exposed, only to be hidden again as she pulled his foreskin over it again. Petra leant against me. I could feel her shivering with nervous excitement.

Reaching down, I put my hand between her thighs and cupped her pussy through the grey silk panties. She was soaking wet. I started to rub my fingers gently over her pussy but she clamped her legs together and hissed quietly at me.

'No, don't. You'll make me come. I just want to watch - I can't believe what they're doing!'

'Nor me, but I'm glad you are turned on too!'

'No kidding!'

'Wouldn't you like to hold his cock?'

'Er ...'

'Admit it!'

'Yes, I er ...'
