 ERIC MEETS BILL AND LISA 

"Do you think he'll come?" my wife asked nervously.

"He'll come... and come... and come," I teased.

"Hmm, delicious," she moaned, teasing me. She was wearing the see-through red top both Eric and I love... the one that reveals her perfect breasts for all the world to see, even though at the moment her white blazer was covering most of her exposed breasts.

"Ready to order?" a young waiter asked, trying his best not to stare at my Lisa's gorgeous breasts. 

"We'll have two Glenlivets, on the rocks, with twists," I said, enjoying how his gaze kept darting toward Lisa's breasts. She noticed the pride on my face, and casually leaned back in the dark booth, allowing more of her tits to be seen by the poor waiter. When he looked up from pouring water for us his eyes opened wider, and he grinned at me without saying anything.

"I think he likes you," I grinned after he left.

"Hmm, baby... you love showing me off, don't you," Lisa purred, stretching, bringing her arms above her head, opening her blazer wider, letting me, and a few other patrons sitting at the bar see her perfectly formed breasts. The thin lacy red top only enhances them, almost making them sexier than they are naked, and I loved her showing them off to the other men watching us.

"You have an audience," I whispered, leaning over to kiss her neck, my hand reaching out to squeeze one of her tits.

"Hmm, I do?" she moaned, oblivious as always to the constant stares she continually receives from horny men who see her when we're out in public. It's amazing how she really doesn't seem to even notice their hungry looks... their craving for her. God she's wonderful.... Her natural sexuality, her sensuality, just exudes from her without pretense, without her even trying to be sexy. And yet she is the sexiest woman I've ever known. Just as she was that night, dressed in her red see-through top, her white linen blazer, and her thin white skirt with the red garter belt and black stockings I insisted she wear beneath the skirt... the lacy red garter belt one can see beneath the thin material of her skirt.... 

When the young waiter returned with our drinks I said, "We're expecting another guy to join us. He's in his late-twenties... good looking dark haired guy... if you see him tell him Lady Lisa and Bill are waiting for him here, and let him know I booked a room here upstairs for our threesome later, okay?"

"Yeah... sure," the waiter grinned as he watched me lean into Lisa, kissing her again as I fondled her breast right in front of him. I heard her whispered, "Oh God," and knew she was getting very turned on... and very wet.

When Eric arrived Lisa was ready for him. He grinned when he saw us, and slid into the booth on the other side of my wife. The waiter reappeared, and Eric ordered a beer.

"My mouth is dry... I'm thirsty," he said, smiling at Lisa.

"Well I know where you'll find some very tasty juices to drink," I said, reaching beneath the table to lift Lisa's skirt up to her waist. "Feel under here and you'll see what I mean," I suggested.

"Oh God," Lisa moaned again as she allowed me to part her legs. Eric stopped smiling, and moved closer to her, sliding his hand up her thigh. When I felt his fingers brush against mine I moved my hand and let him touch her... my wife's wet, juicy, fragrant, naked cunt.

"Ohhh God, I think I'm coming already!" Lisa moaned, her body jerking slightly as the sensations of what we were doing suddenly slammed into her.... Just as I had done to her on the beach when those teenage girls were watching, she was now once again getting fingered in public, only this time her audience was a few dirty old business men like Eric and me and one very turned-on waiter.

"Hmm, yes, baby, let him touch it.... Can you feel her wetness, Eric?" I asked, my cock growing in my trousers.

"God yes... she's drenched already!" Eric exclaimed, amazed... delighted.

"Now sniff your fingers... then wipe them on her lips, or let her suck them," I said, my cock beginning to leak now.

Eric did as I'd suggested, removing his wet fingers from Lisa's pussy. He brought then to his nose and sniffed, and as I had anticipated, his nostrils flared from the heady scent of my love's cunt.

"Sorry, buddy, but I have to do this first," he said, slipping the oily fingers into his mouth, licking and sucking them just as the waiter returned with his beer. The poor guy was having trouble concentrating on pouring the beer into the frosted mug, not sure where to watch... Eric... Lisa's tits... or the glass. Then Eric reached beneath the table again, sliding into Lisa's cunt again right there in front of the startled and delighted waiter. Bringing his fingers out, slippery, juicy, wet, glistening... he held them up to the poor guy and said, "Sniff this, my man. Is that not the most incredibly sexy scent you've ever sniffed?"

The waiter, unable to help himself, inhaled deeply while staring at Lisa. I had moved her blazer out of the way and she was leaning back in the booth, her breasts totally on display for the waiter now. 

"God!" he moaned.

I laughed at his discomfort. "Too bad you're working," I said. "You could join us. Couldn't he, baby?" I asked Lisa.

"Oh fuck," she moaned, feeling my fingers encircling her nipple, tweaking it, then cupping her breast, showing it to the waiter.

"She loves cum showers," I added as the poor guy turned to leave. He stopped, turned, looked back at me in amazement, and then at Lisa.

"He's right. I do," she said seductively.

The waiter shivered, grinned at us, then left. I suggested we finish our drinks in a hurry and get to the room, but since Eric had only just arrived it took him a while to consume his beer. I signaled for the check, and gave the waiter a $20, forcing him to return with some change. When he did I had my hand inside Lisa's blouse, cupping and fondling her left breast while Eric was doing the same to her right one. She loved it. It was so slutty... right there in the booth with others watching us.... So bold, brazen.... just the way we love it.

After I left the waiter a nice tip, the three of us got up to leave. I asked Lisa to remove her blazer for the long walk through the bar and out into the lobby, toward the elevators. 

"Oh God," she moaned again, but allowed me to help her off with her blazer, her lovely tits totally on display. 

As we passed by the men who had been watching us I smiled and said, "Is she hot or what?"

"You lucky fuckers," one of them said, and I grinned with pride. If only they knew HOW lucky!

When we walked to the elevator a few men stopped and stared at Lisa... at her magnificent breasts. Finally she seemed to notice their attention, and it seemed to please her.

We got into the elevator with two other men, both of whom were staring at us, or rather at Lisa. I moved behind her and hugged her, cupping her breasts as they watched. "Oh God," she moaned again as I ran my hands over her breasts, then slipped them up under her blouse, cupping them, feeling her smooth, naked flesh as she leaned back against me, staring at the men staring at her.

"Jesus, buddy, can't you wait until you get her to the room?" one of the men smirked.

"Why should he?" Lisa moaned, leaning back against me, then reaching down for Eric's cock, squeezing it as the startled men looked on.

"She's with BOTH of you?" the man gasped.

"The more the merrier, right, baby?" I said, my hands beneath her tits, cupping them, holding them out for the men to see.

"Hmm, perfect," she moaned, unzipping Eric's trousers, reaching inside, tugging on his erect cock, pulling it out in front of the men.

"Fuck me!" one of them exclaimed, and I noticed his cock was getting hard, too, just as we reached our floor.

"Have a nice evening, gentlemen," I said as we moved out of the elevator. Eric was struggling to stuff his erect cock back into his pants as Lisa laughed that wonderfully amused, magical sound she makes when I bring her a warm wash cloth after I've come on her face.

As we walked down the hall I felt my excitement, and my nervousness, growing.... We were finally going to do it... I was finally going to share my love, my wife, with another man. An instant pang of jealousy raged through me, followed immediately by another one... one of pure lust, and as I unlocked the door to our hotel room, holding it open for my Lisa and Eric to walk through my cock jumped in my trousers and I knew we were entering yet another exciting chapter in our long, wonderfully exciting sexual odyssey....

We walked into the room and I kissed Lisa while Eric pressed into her from behind, sliding his hands inside the red top. 

"God her tits are perfect," he moaned.

"Did I tell you she complained because sometimes she has to wear a D cup bra?" I teased, knowing while his wife Jill is a living doll her tits aren't as full as my Lisa's.

"Jesus!" Eric groaned. "You are one lucky guy, Bill."

"And so are you... at least for tonight. Now let's get our clothes off and have some fun," I said, directing us further into the room, quickly disrobing, then removing Lisa's blouse and skirt, leaving her wearing only her red lace garter belt and stockings. 

"Lay on the bed, baby," I said, watching as she stretched out on her back, her legs parted, tits sitting up like little mounds of soft jelly, her nipples rock hard, her furry cunt hair wet, already matted.

"You're wet, my love," I teased, touching her pussy, letting her hear the squishing noises my fingers were making as I fingered her. Then I turned to Eric.

"She's wanted to see me do this for a very long time, Eric. Let me get you ready for her. Then you can do whatever you want with her... you can fuck her pussy... you can eat her... or you can come on her face... your choice. Of course there's no limit to the times you can use her, is there, baby?"

"None at all, Eric," Lisa purred. "Anything... anything you want... I'll do it. I'll suck your cock... lick your balls...tongue your asshole... or you can fuck me. Afterward I'll suck you off if you want to come in my mouth, or you can jack off on my face. My Bill loves to do that, Eric, and I love watching him stroking himself just above my face as I pleasure myself. So just use me. I'm his slut... his whore... and I'll be yours tonight, too. God I love sex."

Eric crawled onto the bed, and I did the same, moving toward his erect cock. I wouldn't have to do anything to get him ready for my wife, I knew, since he was rock hard already. Still, this is something Lisa wanted to see, and I was going to do it for her... and for me. I wanted her to watch me... wanted her to see me take a man's cock in my mouth, because I knew it would excite her, just as I knew it was going to excite me if and when we ever managed to arrange for her to have sex with another woman.

"Oh God," Lisa moaned as I drew closer to Eric's quivering cock. "Are you going to suck it, darling?" she asked, her voice husky, excited.

His cock was already leaking pre-cum goo, and when I reached up to touch it, it jerked in my hand and a slither of cum oozed out the end, forming a silvery trail of slippery juice that began to slide downward from the end of his dick. With a shudder I opened my mouth and caught it, then moved upward, sliding my lips over and down Eric's cock.

"Oh FUCK!" he moaned, as I reached up to hold his balls. He was fondling Lisa's tits now, and suddenly said, "STOP OR I'LL COME!"

I withdrew my lips and said, "On her face, Eric. You know you want to... give her a cum bath while I eat her."

Immediately he moved next to Lisa's face, and as I sank my lips and tongue into my hot wife's gooey wetness I saw his eyes fight to stay open as his cock began to erupt. One... two... three... four... five long arcs of cum splashed out onto Lisa's face and in her hair as I felt her own orgasm suddenly exploding in her body. I ran my tongue over her clit in time with Eric's bursts of cum, and with each new splash of nasty, sticky cum on her face my love came again... her body jumping and jerking under my mouth as a series of spasms slammed into her, and I knew she was enjoying this as much as Eric and I were.

When he finally finished coming, she took him in her mouth, watching me, gauging my reaction. My cock was rock hard, and I knew I had to fuck her, so I climbed up on top of her and slid into her. No Viagra needed for this fuck... seeing my Lisa sucking Eric's cock with her face covered with his cum was all the stimulate I needed, and soon I was pumping into her faster and faster, until finally, gloriously, I exploded inside her, forcing her to come again. She slid her lips off Eric's cock, letting it trail down her cheeks through the puddles of cum there as another enormous orgasm wracked her body.

"Oh God... OH GOD... OH GOD...JESUS... OH YES, MY BILL... OH GODDDDD!" she cried out, her legs raised and wrapped around my waist as her ass continued pumping up off the bed into me, bouncing me up and down as we fucked, and as my orgasmic juices flooded her pussy.

Eric was masturbating as he watched us, and his cock was hardening again, so much so that I knew he would soon be hard enough to fuck my love so I moved out of her and crawled up next to her. Her face was covered with Eric's cum, and when she turned to kiss me I could taste it on her lips.

"Oh God, Bill, you fucked me soooo good, baby," she groaned.

"I know... I loved watching you. But now it's Eric's turn Lisa...." I turned to Eric, reached up and brought his cock to my lips, slid it in my mouth and sucked it for a few seconds, until he was hard again, then slid my mouth off him and said, "Fuck her, Eric... now."

He didn't have to be told twice. Instantly he was lying on top of her, kissing her, tasting his cum on her cheeks and lips as his cock slid into her wet, cum-filled, juicy pussy.

"OH GOD!" Lisa moaned again, the phrase she repeats so often to signal her arousal. I kissed her again, fondling her breasts, then scooped some of the cum from her cheeks and rubbed it on her tits as Eric pounded into her, driving her to yet another long, hard orgasm. In minutes he was groaning and coming inside her, and I knew she was going to expect me to do as I had promised. She was going to expect me to eat her. I also knew I would....

After Eric relaxed, I told him to trade places with me. He crawled up next to Lisa, grinned at her, and began fondling her breasts as I moved down the bed, then between her thighs. I lay my head on her right thigh as I so love to do and looked at her gorgeous, swollen wet furry mound. It was gooey... drooling cum, incredibly fragrant, and her thighs were sticky. The hair on her cunt was matted with sweat and cum and cunt juices, and when I opened her lips a river of cum oozed out of her wetness and down into the crack of her ass.

"Hmmm, got it smells good... and looks delicious... and...." I said, lowering my face into the sloppy mess, pressing my lips into it, and my tongue, murmuring from there, my voice muffled... "and tastes even better than it looks" I mumbled, my voice muffled by her slippery thighs.

I ate her then, and fingered her, sucking on her clit until she came three times, and by the time she was ready to come a fourth, Eric's cock was ready again.

"Come on her face while I eat her," I said, hearing another of my love's "Oh Gods" as Eric moved into position, kneeling next to her face, his fingers flying over his cock as he masturbated, aiming it right at my Lisa's face.

"Ohhhhh fuckkkkkkkk!" he groaned, and I felt Lisa tense up now... close to coming yet again. Did I mention how multiorgasmic y wife is? She is. Extremely. So I worked the finger inside her pussy, fucking her with it as I continued to suck her until suddenly she exploded, crying out, screaming for Eric to come on her face. 

He did... his cock spewing hot cum all over her lips and cheeks and mouth and forehead as her orgasm caused her body to twitch and jerk uncontrollably again with each touch of my tongue across the tip of her juicy clit. God I love to eat her when she comes for me like that... hard... nothing held back... hearing her grunts as waves of pleasure filled her, and I knew this was her best orgasm of the night. I loved it, as I love her... totally... completely... and always.

Afterward Eric showered and finally left. Then it was our turn. We showered together, lathering each other, talking about what happened. "Are you okay with this, baby?" she asked, as always, concerned only about me, about my feelings. She is the most loving, caring, sensitive woman I've ever know, as well as being the most exciting and sexiest.

"I'm fine, baby. Just so you still love me and not Eric... or his young cock," I answered, kissing her under the steaming shower.

"I'll always love you, my Bill... always," she said, and I hugged her again. It was going to be a long, loving night, and as I turned off the water, drying her before returning to bed I wondered how many more times we would be having threesomes like the one we'd had that night, knowing in my heart that we were just beginning a new and very exciting sexual chapter of our lives, and loving it.

=================