 "Silky, I've got a proposition for you," George said in his serious voice. In case you don't know, George is my Daddy, and we live with Jessica, my tall evil sister. We all share the same bed, and have a lot of fun.

"This sounds like I did something wrong," I replied, reluctantly. My emerald eyes pierced the curtain of crimson that hung, uncombed, across my forehead. I had to look up, because I'm only 5' tall, and George is normal sized. Well, except there - he's big, there.

Anyway, I was anxious.

"No, my love. It's just an unusual situation. What would you think of screwing four guys?"

Now I love sex, and hard cocks always please me, but I've only done two guys at once before, and George was one of them... Well, in Italy, Jess and I shared two boys, so I guess that counts, but still, I wasn't alone.

"You do mean like all at once... or in a row, I don't know how to fuck four men at the same time... Is that possible? I mean, three I can see, but I can't handle double penetration, you know that... and where would the forth guy go? I guess I could lick two at once..."

"Red, that's why I'm asking. I know four men, two lawyers and two doctors who golf together. They're planning a trip to Miami for a golf weekend, and I heard one of them say they wish they had a little bed warmer to go with them."

"That's ridiculous! It's probably 90 degrees in Miami, why would they need a bed warmer? They could just cut down the A/C if they're cold... Oh!" I finally caught his idea. "Four horny men for a whole weekend? That could be fun, but it could also be a problem. You mean like I would be alone with them, you and Jessica both back here?"

"I want you to think about it. I haven't spoken to them yet, but when they said it my first thought was how much you could blow their minds... and have a lot of fun.

"But you have to agree to it, you know I'd never put you in danger, or even risk you getting hurt. These folks are all professionals, they're not drunks or druggies, and they're all married. We'll have to work out some details, but first you have to decide."

Of course, I talked to Jess. She used to be an escort. And even spent a little time on a street comer hustling ass. She knows about everything. Like, I used to think anal sex didn't exist, because it just seemed impossible, but she explained it, and then George showed me, and now I like it in the right circumstances.

"Jessie, did Daddy talk to you about this trip he offered me?"

"Yeah. He knew I wouldn't want to, so he wondered about you."

"So what do you think? Lots of hard cocks sounds like fun, with guys who wouldn't hurt me, but it's also a little scary."

"I've had good and bad. I got sold to a football team once, and they treated me like shit. The next guy practically shoved the first guy out of the way trying to get in, half of them didn't know what color eyes I have." Jess paused, looking into long ago times that frightened me even listening to her. 

"But the Senator (She used to have one of those) loaned me to some friends of his once and I came so many times I thought I'd lose my mind. That was nice." A wan smile cleared the storm clouds from her ice blue eyes, and her silver hair resembled sun beams breaking though misty scud and brightening the landscape below.

"I'd say it can be great if you can make sure it won't go crazy. What if they all get drunk and want you airtight or something? Or decide to tie you up and get too rough? If you can iron out those problems, I'd say go for it!" She hugged me and nibbled on my neck, and I started to squeeze her ass, but then remembered to focus on the task, and pulled myself together. I wasn't actually broken, it's a metaphor, anyway.

One week later, I stepped in the back entrance of Jimmy John's sandwich shop. They make stuff so fast, it's amazing. I usually eat the roast beef, and Jess does the Turkey, but then I tell her she is a turkey... wait, focus.

Four men sat at one table. I recognized them from photos. They all wore suits and ties in the middle of the day and not even Sunday. They were all cute, which took a big load off my shoulders, and I breathed a little better. One of them had a shaved head. Obviously he had lost his hair and gone proactive, but he looked trendy and cool. The others had brown, blonde, and black hair, one mustache, and combos of brown and blue eyes. Not on one person, obviously. They looked nervous. They were the grownups, and they looked nervous! 

I slid into the booth next to Baldy, and smiled.

"Hi, I'm Silky! George told me y'all wanted to meet."

"Silky?" Mustache spoke. "Aren't you George's daughter?"

"I am." Let them sweat a little.

"George made you come here?" The blonde guy asked.

"No, he didn't. We need to be clear. George asked me if I wanted to meet with y'all, and I did."

"You know why we're meeting?" Baldy spoke again. Nobody made eye contact.

"Y'all think Miami is too cold and you need a bed warmer, he told me." They didn't laugh. I guess my jokes are as lame as J says they are. "Seriously, I know what you want, and I'm willing to travel with you, if we can smooth some details out."

The darkest guy, probably from Delhi, spoke in that cute accented English they have. "You know exactly what we want from you. And yet you're still willing? This is not just a vacation."

"Well, part of talking is defining exactly what you want." I took a big breath and blew a tongue of fire-hair out of my eyes. "You guys want to fuck your brains out all weekend. You have a lot of brains, so it will take a lot of fucking, and I'm game. I like strip poker, but I'm really good at it; I do this table dance that will drive you crazy. I love sex, I promise, anything you can think of. I'll make your dreams come true!"

I forced visual connection, each one slowly and individually. "Y'all are all panicking because I'm George's daughter. Word! Any girl you get will be someone's daughter. You want a bright and willing partner to have fun with, or some dumb skank who probably has a zillion diseases?

"I'm doing this for adventure. I mean, I expect you to pay all my expenses and give me $4000 in spending money, but you can't buy me for sex. I think it'll be fun!"

Again, I slowly looked from one to another. No point in going further unless we could handle honesty at this level.

"I already mentioned strip poker...and table dancing. I'm over 21, so we can go club-hopping if you want... singly or as a group. I understand what you're asking for, and I'm all in. That's a poker term." 

I paused for a brief and I hoped reassuring smile. "The trip is four nights. I want my own room, and it's off limits. I can go there and recoup if I need to. Maybe I'll invite one of you..." another scan of eyes, "and maybe all and maybe none, but my room is mine. I'll do whatever you want in your rooms. I figure one night sleeping in each person's bed, or however you want that. Maybe that should be a prize from poker or golf. I don't want to play that with y'all. I'll shop while you hit balls with sticks,"  

All of them were quiet and very focused now. I had my audience eating out of my hand...perhaps a different location later... 

"Also, my carpet matches my drapes, and I don't shave, and that's not negotiable.

"One of you needs to function as the boss or president or something. Y'all are all lots bigger than me, and there's four of you. If something unforeseen happens, I need a person to resolve issues. My Daddy won't be there.

"Oh, one more thing. I'm OK with anal, but only when I'm relaxed and ready. No forcing me. OK?"

The entire group remained as silent as an Amish Orgy. They blushed, scratched their heads, looked at the ceiling, and said nothing.

Finally Baldy looked at me and said, "I'm good with all that."

The dam burst, and all of them nodded, smiled, and agreed. Baldy would be the Agent in Charge, and they all pondered my statement that I'd do anything in their rooms. 

Two weeks later, George and Jess dropped me at the airport in Birmingham, all packed to go to Miami. I brought two empty suitcases, and had Googled all the malls and high end stores on the Florida Coast. Jess thought I wouldn't have time to go to Naples, but you never know. 

We had all agreed that I would meet them at the resort, so no accidental and embarrassing meetings at the terminal. My trip involved an imaginary cousin, as far as anyone else knew.

I sat next to an older lady on the plane, and mostly looked out the window and listened to my iPhone. Perhaps I'd save some of my travel money for a new phone - just kidding - save?

At the Miami gate, a black man waited with a tablet computer that said 'Silky' in flashing red. No more hand painted poster boards for me.

After a long struggle through traffic, surrounded by palm trees and beautiful flowers, and buildings painted blue and yellow and pink, and lots of signs in Spanish, we turned down a long driveway leading to a building with red tiles on the roof and bougainvillea on the walls. Pretty!

A bell boy took my stuff, and I went to the desk, where they indeed had a room for Silky Rabbit. I tipped the bell boy, first time I've ever done that. My own room! It was huge! A big tub and shower, a sitting area, a balcony, and my own king size bed. I wondered if I would sleep in it at all, and if I would be alone. I wasn't used to alone.

The message light blinked, and Baldy had left instructions to come to room 1153 in the North tower when I felt refreshed. I flung myself backward onto my bed. My golf club buddies awaited!

I spruced up a tiny bit, including a change of panties and a little perfume, ran a quick comb through my hair and headed to my new adventure.

Getting to the North tower required a trip through the jungle, down by the pool, past the waterfall and these huge banyan trees and finally up eleven floors and down to suite 53.

I knocked on the door, and the Indian guy opened it with a flash of incredibly white teeth. 

"Welcome, little bed warmer," He said, and swept his hand into the central room where everyone sat on chairs.

Baldy acted as MC.

"We decided your idea deserved merit," He smiled. "The best score each day gets you for the night. That will add some real spice to the playing, I think."

"But no cheating," I beamed back. "What about tonight, since we all just got here?"

"We thought perhaps you could show us your table dance, and we'd play it by ear from there."

"I really doubt your ears will get much action," I laughed, as I removed two bottles of 21 year old Glenlivet and my tiny speakers for my iPhone from my travel bag. I set up some tango music, which wasn't what they expected, and stepped on the coffee table to one of my favorites. "You gentlemen need to be naked yourselves, so I would suggest you start with that."

They didn't really have to be naked, but I wanted to see their packages, and they might as well. So I just did a few steps and swirled around the table while they scrambled to undress.

One thing had been worked out among the payers. They had seen the wisdom of not bringing home any STDs. Because they were professional men, and doctors and lawyers to boot, we had all signed a private contract making any of us who turned out to have any sexual disease liable to the others for $10,000 each. That amount insured honesty. 

They all got tested, and swore to each other, and me, that they had not had any strange for years. That's one of the reasons they wanted me. The upshot - we all agreed to no condoms. Jessie had opposed that idea, but I trusted them and I really didn't want to fool with rubbers if I could avoid them. The men felt I represented more of a risk to them than them to me, which probably made sense. I fucked a lot more than they did.

But I'm clean, they're clean, we're all clean, and we went with that.

Looking around the room, I felt a tingle in my soon to be removed undies. No freaks, but everybody looked nice. Too old to have shaved pubes, the Americans had no foreskins, but my dusky Indian did. I like foreskins, George has one.

I had everybody's attention, or at least their pecker's attention, when I began to dance. Of course, it really does take two to tango, so I really just moved to the music. Can't do tango moves with no partner.

The first thing I lost was my blouse. White silk, it buttoned down the front, so I slowly undid it one disk at a time. I spun around and lifted it over my shoulders, wrapping up like a shawl, and then slid it down my right arm, still clutching it in my left hand. 

One more spin around my body, and I flung it away. Blondie caught it, and I swear he grew an inch. He proceeded to rub his engorgement with the creamy material, as I turned away from him and faced Baldy. I bent over at the waist, giving two guys a nice shot of my cleavage, and the boys in back a view of my tight ass and legs. Jessie's legs are about six miles long, but mine still reach the floor.

I slowly unbuttoned my traveling jeans and slid them down one inch at a time alternating sides in time with the music. Jess says I can't keep time, but fuck her, she wasn't there.

I wore black boy shorts with little roses, which I usually wouldn't do since my bra was white (White top, duh) but I wanted the color on my skin. The white ones I wore on the plane weren't clean enough for this act. Finally, when my pants passed my knees, they dropped on their own to pool around my ankles. 

I managed to keep my balance and pull my left foot out, and then shifted so I could kick them off, and into the waiting hands of the lawyer with glasses. He also smoothed the denim against his face, sniffing the crotch, and dumped them over his erection.

I continued to rotate slowly as I gyrated, and after a few seconds of teasing, I wrapped my hands behind myself and undid my bra.

It's always fun, I think, to slide my arms loose while keeping myself covered. Guys seem to like it, anyway. I lifted it away from my body and felt my boobs swing free, and I cast this item to the Brahman. He pulled it to his nose (Guys love to smell girl's clothes) and then put it astride his head like bunny ears. I have nice tits; I'm a well-rounded C cup, plenty for my frame.

Now when I moved, my girls did as well, and four pairs of eyes riveted to my dark pink nipples. I proceeded to softly roll these between my fingers, and let out a dramatic little moan as I pinched them. I thought Blondie was going to cum right then. I bet his wife doesn't make too much noise - it might wake the kids. Hell, I'd wake the neighbors if I was at his house, as he will soon learn.

So now I had four naked adult men hard as rocks watching little ole me while I wore nothing but my fancy panties. I slipped my right hand down inside, and gently fingered myself. I actually did, no point in faking anything here. I gave a shudder, which made my boobs bounce as well, and let out a few more sounds as I rubbed myself. 

Then of course, I moved my fingers to my lips, and slowly sucked them clean, with lots of smacking. I think one of the lawyers did cum a little bit. Everyone stroked themselves; I would have been offended if they could have resisted.

Tossing my flaming mane, I slowly spun in place, making sure I had their full attention.

This time when I bent over the boys in back could see my cheeks under the undies, and the front side saw tits up close and personal. One guy lifted a hand to caress me, and I let him maintain contact for a few seconds and then reluctantly pushed him away. 

Now I repeated the side to side downward progress with my last remaining garment, and they saw the edges of my crimson pubes as they rose into view.

Once I was fully exposed, I dropped them quickly, grabbed them in my right hand, and shot them like a rubber band into the waiting face of the only man still bereft of clothing. These got a long sniff, with howls from the crowd, and even more when he put the crotch in his mouth and sucked them. 

Now they thought to show had finished, but nay nay.

I lifted the Scotch, and rubbed the bottle against my ruby furbelow, and then lifted it and slowly pulled the cork. I threw my head back and took a sip, and then let a mouthful drip off my tongue and down my lips to dribble over my breasts and drop upon the table.

Now I poured a tiny amount over my chest, letting those drops join their predecessors, as the men watched, enthralled. 

I pushed Baldy with my left leg, carefully sliding my toe from his man nips up his neck to his lips, where I offered him a toe to suck. As he acquiesced, I poured some golden liquid down my thigh, letting a trail swirl down to his mouth. He eagerly licked my foot.

Now I turned to the next hungry male, and repeated my actions, each time pouring from higher on my thigh.

When I finally reached my Indian I doused my labia and diverted the stream with my fingers so it coursed all the way down my leg in a meandering trail, to stop at last between his lips. He looked silly with my bra over his head, but he also looked like a man who has encountered an angel. Which he had, of course. Little ole me. 

I took charge.

"Is there anyone here who's sorry you agreed to George's daughter instead of some hired skank?"

Four heads shook no.

"If it's all right with you, since we've all had a tiring day, I would suggest blow jobs all around to ease your suffering, and a random drawing as to who gets me tonight."

Gandhi protested. "I'm the worst golfer here, I'm probably not going to win any nights. I should get her tonight."

After some discussion, they agreed to that plan, and I said that if he got me tonight then either he had to wait for release or he should get the first blow job. The group voted he would wait, and though he feebly protested, he knew he had gotten a good deal.

So Blondie stepped up and presented me with a swollen penis, and balls so blue they glowed. 

I grabbed him with my little hand, and slowly ran my finger up and down his shaft. Then I leaned over a kissed his tip, extruding my tongue to lap at his head, and then encircle his whole glans. I pushed my face forward, and parted my lips with his member, moving it at a glacial pace designed to make him insane. 

Jessie is much better with her mouth than I am, but I certainly wasn't going to mention that to my fans. Besides, she wasn't there, and a mouth on your cock is worth two somewhere else. Or a mouth in your bush is worth two in your hand, or something. Anyway, I filled my mouth with his meat, and let my lips slide like rubber hitting the road as I moved him I and out.

Each time I moved out, I would let go completely, and lick right under his tip with the end of my tongue. He had spent too much time in anticipation and excitation, and after only the third trip he erupted with ropes of nacreous fluid covering my face. I rushed to return and took the last spurts inside, but his cum dripped off my nose and onto my breasts.

I scooped what I could up with my finger and licked it, but I was a mess. I had to pause to wash up before the second cumming. And so will you.

See part two --