 ++++++++++++++++++

This 3rd chapter is about the time after Sasha's and Chris' first anniversary.

I am very thankful for the help of my editors Dale and LaRascasse. They did a great job and made really large efforts in order to get all my mistakes out. For any tedious English only I am to blame. 

You guys are great. Thank you so much!

I wish you an entertaining read.

Πανδώ⚢α

++++++++++++++++++

Golf-India-Romeo-Lima - Chap. 3: 

The Icarus experience

"Thus, Marlowe posed the silent question: could aspiring Icarus be happy with a toilsome life on land managing a plough with plodding oxen having once tasted the weightless bliss of flight?"

― E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul Be Damned for the World: Volume I 

Since Sasha had become my roommate, we were inseparable. It became so casual being together that even Richy became bored to tease us 'the twins'. We lived together, went to the University together and we slept together. Though daily routine required more time as during our first month, as we were still in the honeymoon phase, our relation did not change. We were still madly in love with each other and same way she could make my stomach flip with just a passionate glance from her deep brown almond eyes.

The days seemed to pass us at the speed of light while we were floating through them happily. Summer became autumn and afterwards the winter arrived. For the Christmas holidays we visited Sasha's family and it was simply wonderful. I experienced a happy joyous season like I could barely remember one as happy before and they gave me the feeling that they considered me a part of their family.

Meanwhile, the snow had melted and the first blossoms announced springtime. And with spring the anniversary of Sasha's first phone call applying for the free room was about to come. I cudgeled my brains how to make this day special. I started to check what bands would be around these days and I was indeed lucky. The Pretty Reckless were announced for two weeks after our anniversary. I knew Sasha being a fan of Taylor and their music and I booked two tickets.

Besides that I had another plan to surprise her. But that would need some preparation and I would need to get her out of the flat for a while. That would not be too hard as she would attend her classes during the day.

But during this time I needed the possibility to go my own ways on this day without her getting suspicious. That was the harder task to achieve as I had to find an excuse why I did not go with her to the University as usual. So I made up the story I would need to get a new ID and had to apply for it at the major's hall. I would connect this with a medical check up which was on schedule, so I would skip the classes.

If she was suspicious, she was a good actress. I could not find a hint of disbelief as I told her my tale. Somehow she even seemed to be at ease. I was too happy that she had swallowed my alibi to think about how easy it was.

Now that things were on track I could not await the day to come. Eventually it arrived. I woke up from the rings of my alarm clock and Sasha's arm crawling over my body trying to stop this noise. I hit the bottom in her favor and the clock went silent. Then I took her arm and kissed her palm tenderly. "Good morning Sasha", I whispered and was already full awaken.

"Hmpf, already?" she murmured and lifted her head. I adored her look with tousled black bob cut and sleepy eyes.

I cocked my head and kissed her . "Seems so, hun. I'll do breakfast. I have still some time before I must go off."

"Hmm, great idea," she agreed and her cute moue transformed into a bright smile. "I could fall in love with you, if I hadn't already."

I jumped out of the bed pulled the blanket away and slapped her butt while passing by. "Get up you lazy bones," I laughed causing her to flip me the bird. I took my morning coat and left the room while I slipped inside and as I tied the belt around my waist, I crossed the corridor. Right after entering the kitchen I started to prepare our breakfast.

While the coffee machine was filling the air with the pleasant scent of hot fresh coffee I boiled eggs and prepared toasts for us. I heard the bathroom door and figured I had some time left before Sasha would appear. So I slipped back into my room and studied the list I made for today another time. I ensured myself for the thousandth time that I did really not forget anything. I wanted this day to become nothing less than perfect.

I returned to the kitchen in time. Shortly after me Sasha came in, less tousled but more awake and dressed already. She helped me with the remaining preparations and we sat down at the table together. "When will you be back home?" I asked casually as I could.

"About 5pm I guess. Perhaps I will be earlier if I get kicked out falling asleep during a class," she chuckled.

"Oh? You did not sleep well?" I frowned.

"Nope. I slept fine. Just not enough 'cos someone made out with me last night," she chuckled. "I wonder why you are fresh as a daisy."

"Genetics," I laughed and blew her a kiss. In fact, I was not fresher than she but held up by anticipation for the evening.

"Nature's a bitch," she smirked and stood up and pecked me. "I need to go now. See you later."

"Take care," I answered and started to clean up seemingly not in a hurry.

I waited for the door to close behind her. Immediately I gathered momentum to get things done. Finally, I left too and went down to the yard. I had to get the tickets from the other end of town, buy some stuff and then I had to get busy at home again.

So, no rest for the wicked I grinned as I pulled the tarpaulin from my motorbike. Still, a bit fresh to ride especially early in the morning but I didn't want to waste time riding the subway. With a deep roar I rushed away to follow my to dos.

One hour later I returned home. I hung my jacket, threw my helmet on the board and hurried my backpack to the kitchen where I unpacked it. Curd, vanilla sugar, plums, baking powder and cream, a long red rose and of course the tickets together with a happy anniversary envelope.

I was not only able to spell acetylsalicylic acid but to synthesize it from scratch. What kind of challenge a simple plum pie could be?

I took the balance and mixed the dough scientifically, started kneading it again and again and moreover again. Following the instructions I prepared a layer on the baking tray and was about to arrange the plum's quarters on it, as I heard the unlocking of the door.

I held my breath in panic. It must be Sasha but why was she so early? I was just figuring out how I could prevent my plan from being disclosed and was barely able to get the tickets hidden, as Sasha stood inside the kitchen with two bags from the supermarket.

She stared at me and I stared back with askew jaw.

"You're somewhat early," I broke the silence.

"Anyway not early enough," she said with slight tone of resignation as she noticed the half prepared cake. She put her bags on the table and started laughing as she unpacked.

"Two souls with but a single thought", she shook her head and I understood as I saw the items she put on the table. Curd, vanilla sugar, baking powder, spray cream, cherry jam and cherries.

"Fuck," I laughed, " I thought I had an extraordinary idea."

"You had, you were just not the only one. What do we do now?"

"Simple. We do 'em both and tomorrow we'll invite some helpers to eat 'em. But today is our day."

"Sounds good," she nodded and started with her part of the deal while I continued to cover my cake with the plums. "I thought we could dine out today? I would like a nice classy restaurant to celebrate," she proposed.

I went up to her and wrapped my arms around her neck. "I'd love to", I agreed and kissed her tenderly. "Happy anniversary, Sasha," I smiled at her as I broke the kiss.

"Happy anniversary, Chris," she returned with a tender smile. "Let's get the cakes done and for our evening we'll get dressed to the nines, won't we?"

I nodded excited. "We will!" I continued my work to finish the plum layer and looked at her. "You've chosen a restaurant already?"

"Yes, but I won't tell you yet. No hope, you won't talk me into telling you."

I looked at her as she showed me her cute cheesy smile I loved so much.

"All right, I don't even try - exceptionally of course, 'cos I could if I would," I made clear how indulgent I was. Sasha nodded rolling her eyes.

We finished our cakes - with grazing from the fruits of course - and as they were put into the oven there was not much left to be done. "Well", I announced while I was about to put the cream in the fridge, "I'll whip the cream later. Fresh is best."

"Uh," she chaffed me, "you're so old-fashioned. Today we have spray cream. Welcome to nowadays."

"Better to be old-fashioned than having a lack of taste, uh? My cream, with a bit of vanilla sugar and a fine note of cinnamon I will beat the pants out of your nowaday-spray-crap," I countered her while I opened the door of the fridge.

"Ah yes? But with your cream you can't do anything like this," she said with a tone in her voice which made alert.

I realized I was fucking trapped turning my back on her. With my assassin at my six I was a lame duck.

"You're done, Wild Bill!" her throaty voice sealed my fate.

"Don't you dare!" I screamed turning around already knowing I was a dead girl talking.

I saw into Sasha's face wearing a shit eating grin while aiming her cream can like a six-shooter at me as she pulled the trigger without mercy.

A big spurt hit me directly in the face covering my cheek, mouth and chin with sticky cream. Sasha laughed her ass off. "Head shot," she coughed with tears rolling from her eyes.

I couldn't help it but I had to laugh myself.

She disarmed, putting the can away with blowing over its tip like the gunslingers do in the movies blowing smoke out of their barrels and came to me. "Sorry, I could not resist. I swear I tried but it was stronger," she said with an apologetic smile, "I'll help to clean the mess up. Though I'd say it suits you, sweety."

I saw her deep brown eyes looking at me and I noticed the glow of desire at their very bottom.

She started her job immediately and I felt her tongue licking the cream from my cheek. She nibbled it away slowly and meticulous. Only as she was sure my cheek was perfectly clean, she continued with my mouth. She sucked my lips, licked them and searched for creamy remains deep between them. She was aiming at my tonsils as it seemed to me while her fierce kiss took my breath away.

I felt my stomach flip as her tongue went over my chin and followed my neck. "Fuck Sasha," I moaned. One year - 365 days at 24 hours each, equals 8760 hours which is more than 500.000 heartbeats - and still a single kiss of hers could ignite me like a torch.

She pressed me against the fridge while she followed her way up to my chest bones. Her hands buttoned down my top and slipped underneath running along my sides. Her loving ministrations made me shiver. She let my boobs rest in her hands, lifting them up to have better access at my nipples. She licked around them and I felt them pucker. As she started to suck them, I could not contain myself any longer. I reached out for her t-shirt, pulled it out of her jeans and over her head.

She helped me raising her arms willingly. Her globes swayed as she let her arms fell down and she eagerly ripped my jeans open. I cupped her boobs I adored so much. They melted into my hands, warm and smooth. I thumbed her nipples coaxing her to breathe deeply. I felt her buds hardening under my thumbs and cocked my head until I could envelop her stiff raspberries with my lips and suck them in turns.

Sasha moaned lewdly and pulled my jeans over my hips. We could not get out of our cloth fast enough. Tops, jeans panties dropped to the floor alike. As we were naked I wanted to pull her to my bedroom but Sasha shook her head.

Instead of following me she took over and directed me to our kitchen table while she grabbed for her cream gun behind my side. Sasha made me lay down on the hard maple plate but I did not mind. I would have jumped on a fakir's bed if it would make her go down on me.

As soon as I laid prone at the table, she sprayed a line of cream over me from my neck along my cleavage further south over my tummy ending at my mound.

"One shall not play with food," I cooed shivering.

"I don't play. You will be my fucking hors d'œuvre," she whispered standing at my head side.

She bent down kissing my forehead and walked slowly farther. Her nose brushed mine and then our lips met. We shared a long and passionate kiss before she carried on. Along my chin, following my neck and as she reached my breast she took her time with them. Her boobs were now hanging above me like divine fruits. I only had to crane my head and stick my tongue out to taste them.

I did. We feasted on our breast with rising arousal and I felt regret as Sasha moved on and her adorable raspberries went out of my reach. The next station was on our navels. Our tongues flipped around, dipped into the pits and we kissed and sucked our tummies passionately.

I felt how my pussy started to drool. I loved how she played with my tummy bottom and it put me in heat at once. I was already soaking wet as she followed the creamy trail and licked along the rising line of my mound. I embraced her hips and cocked my head looking for her loins. I could smell the musky scent of her arousal coming closer, as her kisses were aiming for my crotch. I could not await to push my tongue between her puffy lips and get a taste of her delicious pussy I could smell so alluringly.

"God Sasha, my love. I want you so much!," I panted trembling with excitement. I put the imperative of my desire on display for her by pulling my heels under my butt and opening my thighs as wide as I could to allow her unhindered access to my itching, lust bleeding crotch which desperately needed it's part of attention now.

I felt the sensation of an unearthly cum shot as she squirted my pussy with cream all over. She shifted her body some inches further and dug her tongue deep into the white mess between my legs eager to enjoy her ingenious recipe for a cream pie. She moaned long and low burying her head face deep between my thighs.

"Oh yes," I hissed and pulled her hips down towards me. Cream or not, I was determined to allay my thirst with her nectar which covered her petals and coated them with a glossy shine. I cocked my head and licked along the cleft between her lips. Sasha cooed exited answering with plowing her own tongue only deeper through my pussy.

I was afraid she would get me off too early, as I felt already how her lips and tongue filled my lap with pleasure building up pressure which would not take long to explode. I sucked her petals and licked along them, flipping my tongue tip over her clit over and over again.

One hand sled down on her until it reached her breasts and I tweaked her nipple and as I felt her body stiffen and her thighs starting to quiver I darted my tongue as deep into her steamy canal as fast and deep as I could. I felt so happy as I got her off. Sasha rose her head panting and shoved two digits deep into my innermost.

I moaned deep into her hot depth as her digits fucked me like there was no tomorrow. I was shaken by my orgasm and my head hit the table but I did not care. I was taken away by a riptide of joyful excitement floating through my body in hot waves, causing me to shout and to clench my pussy down on her fingers which stuck deep inside me up to the hilt.

"We must care for the cakes," I sighed after a while, her fingers still inside of me and covered by her beloved body.

"I'll do", she said and pulled her fingers out leaving behind a feeling of emptiness that made me regret my words. She kissed my pussy goodbye and then I saw her walking to the oven and admired her grace. She hovered more than she walked on her endless legs. Just her hips were swaying slightly making the perfect round of her peachy butt appear irresistible.

"God Sasha. You're so utterly sexy," I mewed.

As she bowed down to open the oven, she shook her butt at me, teasing me well knowing that it gave me a perfect view at the puffy pussy lips between her thighs.

"Guess they are done," she said provokingly. "And they smell tasty. I'd say we should let them cool down," she continued, taking gloves to put the hot cakes at the cooking plates.

Turning around facing me, she smirked: "While they cool down we could have a nice bath and cool down too. Though I would prefer to fuck the brain out of you, I think we should not get too worn out before dinner. How about that?"

I nodded and raised from the table walking up to her. "This brain thing sounds too tempting, but I think your latter idea is more reasonable." I pecked her and took her by the hand to go to the bathroom.

After an exceedingly long bath during which we found it difficult to stay as reasonable as our resolution had been, it became time to doll up. I went to my room and felt a bit like acting. Usually I wore casual outfits and I only had one dress which would really suit the day. A thin transparent top with one sleeve right and a cutout at my left shoulder. It was decorated with dark purple leafs covering my breasts like a bra and smaller leaves followed along the sleeve down to my wrist.

At my waist a long skirt was part of the dress with a long slit up to my right thigh. The black fabric of the skirt changed its color between black and dark purple as the light came from different angles. Sharp black stilettos and black stockings completed my look. I wore my hair open over my shoulders and had spent quite a while with my makeup. Finally, I was happy with my appearance. "Dressed to kill," I grinned at my image in the mirror. I went over to have a look at Sasha and knocked at her door.

"Just a minute," she replied.

A quarter later she finally came out her room. I glanced at her, thunderstruck. She wore a golden dress which seemed to shine like the sun on her tanned skin. Held by slim straps two length of material crossed at her cleavage and went around her waist letting her spine almost uncovered up to the beginning of her peach. The long pleated skirt covered her long legs up to the ground.

"Wow," was all I could say. She looked like she just jumped out of a cover of a glamour magazine.

"Wow too," she smiled at me but I did not feel really equal.

"Uh, yeah - you think so?"

She nodded with a lovely smile and her brown eyes fondled me for a while. Eventually she took her phone to call a cab while I was admiring how beautiful and graceful she was.

Soon after our doorbell rang and we went down to the cab awaiting us. As we came closer a young man jumped out to open the doors and caring about our dresses not getting caught as he closed the doors again. We were just comfortable in the rear as he jumped back on this seat and turned towards us. Our cabbie was not much older than us and was quite handsome from first sight.

"Good evening ladies," he smiled nicely looking at us in awe. "Guess it should be me, who pays for this ride. Festival de Cannes, I presume?"

"No sir, for a destination this far we would have called our helicopter," Sasha chaffed and gave him a card. "This address is our destination. If you would kindly care about it?"

"Your wish is my command, Milady," he smiled and turned around to drive us there. He was nice and courteous and played this noble role along the whole ride giving us a pleasant time. I was curious where we went, but I did not manage to get a hint out of him. A very loyal servant to her Ladyship, as I found out.

It was a nice time in his cab which was eligible to keep our mood up. As we reached the restaurant, Sasha asked the cabbie for his card to drive us back home later.
