 My name's Marcus and it's got to be said that I'm a lucky man. I'm twenty-five, been married and then escaped, and now I've got two very sexy girlfriends. I suspect they both sort of know and accept that they're not the only ones in my life, although neither really knew who else there is.

They're very different women. The first one, Tanya, the one I've been with the longest, is my age to the month, taller then most girls, and slim, with dark brown hair that cascades around her shoulders and lovely green eyes. She moves in the kind of fluid, feline kind of way that suits her appearance perfectly. And she has a voracious appetite for sex, one that I've yet to be able to completely satisfy, although I'll keep trying. It's not that she's particularly kinky; she just likes straightforward sex but lots of it.

My second lady is very different. Lauren's smaller than Tanya and younger by about three or four years, with short gingery brown hair, a really shapely rear end and tits to die for, and, most importantly, she had got a very adventurous attitude to sex. She draws the line at pain, but apart from that she's very open to almost any suggestions. She likes us to discuss them too, because her own little predilection is that she loves to talk dirty in bed. Actually, that's not quite right; I really mean that she loves me to talk dirty to her during sex, to tell her what I want to do to her or to suggest what we might both like to do, and the kinkier the better. That turns her on like a fucking light switch. Mostly what we talk about is pure fantasy and we both know it, but at other times it's things we might actually do. I sometimes use it to find out what she might like to try; in fact that's how I found out about her penchant for talk.

I see them both regularly, usually once or occasionally twice a week each, and always at their place. That prevents any chance of them walking in on each other doesn't it? I have to be a little bit careful when I call on Lauren though because she's married, but her husband is a shop fitter and is away more often than he's at home. We have a little code to do with an ornament in the shape of a dragon that sits in her window to tell me that it's all clear. It's not a bad life, is it?

One particular day I was in bed with Lauren, doing it with her in what they call the spoons position, lying curled together with me behind her, pushing gently into her while playing with her breast, rolling a nipple between finger and thumb, my mouth about an inch or so from her ear. She likes it that way because then I can whisper sweet nothings whilst we fuck, or even not so sweet nothings if the mood takes us. On this occasion I was running out of kinky ideas and so I figured it was her turn to contribute a suggestion or two.

'You know how you like to try different things?' I asked her seductively.

'So do you.' She giggled back.

'True.' I admitted before pressing on. 'But is there anything that you've never had the chance to try, but that you'd want to do if the opportunity ever came up?'

She was silent for a moment or two as if just enjoying me sliding slowly in and out of her, but then she answered and caught me completely by surprise. 

'I've often wondered what it would be like to do it with a woman.'

'What, you mean to have sex with another woman?' I asked, momentarily startled.

'Yes.' She nodded. 'I've often thought about what it would feel like.'

This was definitely well into the fantasy realm, I could tell, but I was more than willing to go along with her. It was just the sort of way out scenario that would really get her going if I let my imagination loose on it, and I intended to do just that.

'So you want to have another woman in bed with you?' I settled down to whisper into her ear. 'And you want to do sexy things with her?' 

'Yes.' She whispered her quiet reply, wriggling back into me.

'Do you want to kiss her? Feel her tongue in your mouth?'

'Oh, yes please.' 

'And do you want to touch her, play with her tits, suck her nipples?' I squeezed her breast in illustration 

'Yes.' She moaned softly at the thought.

'And let her do the same to you?' 

'Yes.'

'Do you want her to feel your pussy and put her fingers right up inside you, where my cock is now?' I thrust deep just to emphasize the point.

'Yes.'

Her replies were getting to be short staccato little gasps as the fantasy began to do its work.

'What about you? Do you want to play with her pussy, finger her and rub her clit until you make her come?'

'God, yes.' She groaned as she pushed rhythmically back at my thrusts.

'How about going down on her? Would you like to lick her pussy.'

'I want to do that. I want to shove my tongue right up her.'

The idea was getting to me now too, making me push deeper into Lauren's vagina.

'Can I watch you doing it?'

She groaned wordlessly and began to move harder against my thrusts. I repeated my question.

'Can I watch you licking another woman's pussy?'

'Yes. I'd love you to.'

'Maybe I could fuck you whilst you do it?'

'Oh Marcus. Yes please.'

'You want to feel my cock in you when you're licking her pussy.'

'I'd love it.' 

She raised her leg a little and pushed her hand down between her thighs, fondling my cock as I fucked her, her fingertips becoming slippery with her own juices.

'What about the other way around?' I whispered hoarsely.

Just for a split second she went rigid as the idea struck home, but then she sucked in a sharp breath of sudden arousal.

'You mean you fuck her as she goes down on me? God, wouldn't that be something.' She was strumming her clit now, and I could tell that there was a climax building inside her. 'Could I play with her pussy at the same time?'

The mechanics of this seemed a little difficult, unless of course the women went into a sixty-nine position. But then, in fantasyland anything is possible.

'Yes, you could feel my cock going in and out.'

'Oh, can I?' She sounded genuinely eager; 'could' had changed to 'can' as if she was really asking permission. 'Oh Marcus. That sounds wonderful.' 

She was jerking her hips back and forth as I rammed myself into her, both of us almost at the point of coming.

'You'd be able to feel my cum running along my cock when I shoot my load into her.'

'Yes, I would, wouldn't I?'

I was fucking her as hard as the position would allow, slamming my cock into her as I felt the pressure in my balls reach bursting point.

'Can I lick your cum out of her afterwards?' She asked suddenly, her voice tight with excitement.

'Fuck yes. Do you want to?' 

'I do.'

I thought I'd pushed the fantasy about as far as it would go, but Lauren had taken it that one step further. That did it for me, the mental image of Lauren licking my cream as it dripped from the hole of some anonymous female was the ultimate turn on and I exploded into her, shooting heavy spurts of come up inside her. That in turn tipped her over the edge too and for the next few minutes we rammed ourselves against each other in simultaneous climaxes, thrusting and pushing, me squeezing her breast really hard while she rubbed and tugged at her clit. By the time my balls were empty we were both gasping for breath and covered in sweat, utterly spent from our strongest climaxes ever. I promised myself that I would use that fantasy again if that's the effect it had on her and I mentally slotted the idea carefully away in my favourites file. 

I knew that Lauren's husband would be home for the next week or so and I wouldn't be able to use it for a while. Never mind, Tanya was always available and I could make do with one until he went away again. As a matter of fact Tanya was enough to keep any man happy all on her own, but I'm a greedy bugger and I like a bit of variety.

Now, I don't know about you, but I'm one of those people who, when they find something works on one occasion, have to see if it works on others. So, a few days later when I was lying beside Tanya, idly stroking her side with the back of my hand whilst we had a mid-session break from our usual energetic lovemaking, I wondered what her response would be to the same question that had triggered Lauren's fantasy. I might find something that pressed her button's, not that Tanya's buttons usually needed much pushing, and it might even be something that we could actually do together.

'Tanya?' I asked her. 'Is there anything you've never done in bed that you want to try? You know, something a bit kinky that you've never dared suggest but would really like to try?'

She lay and looked at the ceiling without speaking until I began to wonder if she'd actually heard me, but then she rolled onto her side, propped her head on her hand and looked directly at me.

'Yes.' She admitted. 'But I'm not sure if I dare say.'

'Go on, tell me.' I urged, intrigued. 'I won't mind. I just want to know what your most secret desires are.'

There was another long pause. 

'Well.' She began rather hesitantly. 'I've always wanted to have a threesome, but I never have.'

'What, you mean with two men at once?'

She frowned at me as if I was being particularly dense.

'No. With a couple. A threesome with me, a man and another woman.'

'What sort of a threesome?' I asked, surprise stopping me from thinking straight.

'An anyone doing anything to anyone kind of threesome.'

'I didn't know you were into women.'

'Oh, there are a few things you don't know about me yet.'

'Have you done it before, I mean been to bed with a woman?' 

'Yes, a couple of times.' She nodded, her head still propped on her hand. 'But it was a long time ago, and only with one girl.'

I just gazed at her as I tried to get my head around the idea, but she must have thought I was waiting for her to explain more.

'It was at college. Me and another girl got a bit drunk one night and ended up in bed together, and had a hell of a time. Then another night we did it again when we were sober, but it wasn't quite the same. It wasn't that I didn't enjoy it, because I really did, but it just didn't seem right and I never did it again.'

'So why do you fancy a threesome?'

'It's hard to explain. I mean, I really enjoyed what me and Grace did with each other, but I'm basically straight and I can't get my head around fancying doing things with a girl. But if it was a threesome I'd be all right with it because I could tell myself I wasn't being a lesbian.' She gave an embarrassed little laugh. 'Strange aren't I?'

I could sort of understand where she was coming from. 'We're all strange in different ways.' I told her. 'That's what makes life interesting.'

It must be said that I gave her that sort of stock answer because a vague idea was beginning to form in my mind and I was concentrating on that. I imagine you'd already figured the link between what Lauren had fantasized about and what Tanya had just said, but I was a bit slower and it took until that moment for me to make the connection. 

'So, would you actually like there to be another girl here with us?'

She cocked her head to one side and looked at me, trying to weigh up if I meant it or not. 'If that's a serious question I'll give you a serious answer.'

'It is.' 

I held my breath.

'Maybe.' She said slowly. 'As long as it didn't spoil things between me and you.'

'It would only spoil things if we let it.'

'Yes, that's true I suppose.'

'So you'd be cool if I turned up one day with a girl as well?'

'You really mean it, don't you?'

I nodded, holding my breath again, wondering what answer I'd get.

'Then yes.' She giggled suddenly. 'But I wouldn't be cool, I'd be hot.'

All I had to do now was to convince Lauren that it would be good to turn that particular fantasy into reality. For the next week, until her dragon ornament returned to its windowsill perch and I was free to contact her, I was on tenterhooks, wondering if I dare broach the subject, and if I dare, then would she go along with it? 

The other thing was - how as I going to tell each one about the existence of the other? One step at a time I told myself. I didn't want to lose either of them, but the notion of a threesome was just too good not to take the risk, and if Lauren didn't want to actually try it then there would be no point in mentioning either of them to either of them.

Eventually the dragon gave the all clear and I called around to see Lauren with the twin ideas of getting my leg over and sounding her out on a threesome. One thing I like about Lauren, I never have to make prior arrangements with her. If her husband is away it's a case of call any time, satisfaction guaranteed. With Tanya I have to call at regular prearranged times. She's my Thursday girl. 

I have sometimes wondered if I'm her Thursday man and she's got others for other days of the week and that's why everything is so organized, but it didn't bother me too much.

I chose to approach the subject with Lauren at the same sort of moment as with Tanya, kind of between orgasms, and I did so when she was lying back with her legs still apart and I was idly playing with her clit while I waited for my balls to fill up again. She had her hand lying on the back of mine, feeling my movements as I played with her. This was something she liked to do when she was relaxed, so I figured now was as good a time as any.

'You remember what we were talking about the last time I was here?' I asked tentatively.

'Oh yes, bloody right I do. You really got me going.'

That was a promising start, so I pressed on.

'So how would you feel if it wasn't me doing this?' I gave her clit a little squeeze to demonstrate what I meant. 'But it was a girl?'

'I'd enjoy it.'

A straight answer, but was she still in the land of fantasies or did she mean it?

'I mean, if it really was a girl playing with you? Would you enjoy it?'

'Are you asking me for real?' 

Her brow furrowed, but her hand still rested softly on mine and she continued gazing at the ceiling. I wondered if she'd properly understood what I'd said, but then her eyes flipped towards me and her eyebrows lifted enquiringly.

'Yes.' I answered flatly.

'Is one of your harem bi then?'

'I haven't got a harem.' I protested. 'But I do know a girl who wants a threesome with a couple.'

'If you haven't got a black book full of girls names and numbers, then I haven't got tits and a pussy.' She laughed. 'I know you see other girls by what you say and do with me. Your memory isn't that good and you forget what you did with whom sometimes.'

I looked at her blankly, unable to come up with an answer. She was only partly right, because I don't have a black book. I only see her and Tanya -- well, usually only her and Tanya.

'It doesn't matter.' She told me, still smiling. 'I don't mind, after all I got a husband and so I always expected you must have somewhere else to go when you couldn't come here. You'd have got bored with me being part-time otherwise.'

What she said was very perceptive and I couldn't argue with any of it. 

'So what's your answer?'

'My answer is a yes. Is she nice?'

'I think so.' I admitted. 'But I don't know what sort of woman you would want.'

'We're not looking at a romance here, are we?' She pointed out. 'I mean, it's only for a bit of fun so I don't mind too much -- so long as she's not a twicer.'

That was an expression I'd not heard before. 'Twicer?'

'Yeah, you know. Twice as old, twice as fat, or twice as ugly, and so on. Just someone normal who won't put me off.'

'The lady I'm thinking of is very normal, except that she's nearly as gorgeous as you.' It was a poor attempt at flattery, but it made her smile.

'You've got good taste then.' She said, turning it back on me by indicating herself with a sweep of her hands. 'So can you arrange it?'

I hadn't expected it to be quite that easy, but hey, I wasn't complaining. I did as I was asked and arranged it. The following Thursday it was not to be just me calling on Tanya.

I thought it might be a little awkward, with two women who hadn't met before. I mean, who was to say that they'd definitely fancy each other, or that Tanya wouldn't realise that Lauren was a secret playmate of mine and get pissed off about it. However, in the event they seemed to get along fine and neither asked how the other knew me. I guessed that they probably had an idea anyway but just stayed discreetly silent, Lauren certainly knew and Tanya's not stupid.

As usual when she and I meet, Tanya made us all a coffee so that we could sit and relax before anything happened and that was when I thought the conversation might get a little awkward, but instead Tanya and Lauren discussed a nice neutral subject, the house décor. I must admit that it's not too my taste, a bit too minimalist, but Lauren enthused and Tanya preened and things went along fine. Eventually Tanya stood up walked over to the door.

'Come on,' She said. 'I'll show you the bedroom.'

That must rank as one of the slickest links I've ever heard, because it fitted in perfectly with what they'd been talking about and yet we all knew exactly what she meant. It was time to do more than talk.

When Tanya and I are together we're used to what's going to happen and so we usually simply go upstairs to the bedroom, get undressed and get in bed, but I wasn't sure what would happen this time, and I had visions of us all standing there, too embarrassed to begin and not knowing what to say. But not a bit of it, there was just a few seconds pause while we all stood and looked at each other, and then Tanya held out her arms to Lauren and she walked straight into them. They stood for what seemed a long while with their arms around each other and heads resting on each others shoulders, just getting used to the idea of holding another woman I suppose.

'This is for me and you really, isn't it?' Lauren asked after a minute or so.

'And Marcus.' Tanya told her. 'We don't have to get jealous of each other if Marcus joins in, do we?'

Lauren shook her head. 'No, I want him to. I want us all to enjoy ourselves together. But us first, please.'

'That sounds good to me.' Tanya smiled at me over Lauren's shoulder. 'Is there anything in particular we shouldn't be doing?' She asked us both, trying to find the boundaries. Tanya's a bit organised like that, she likes to know where she stands.

'Not as far as I'm concerned,' I answered.

'Nor me,' said Lauren. 'Just whatever feels nice.'

'And what about the other way around?'

I looked at Tanya, not really understanding, and Lauren also pulled back in her arms looking for clarification.

'I mean.' Tanya blushed faintly from having to explain. 'Is there anything in particular that anybody really wants us to do?'

'Same again.' Lauren told her. 'Whatever feels nice.'

'I can't argue with that.' Tanya nodded and slipped out of Lauren's embrace to go over to the bed.

Lauren followed and, almost as if by prior arrangement, the two girls climbed onto the bed and knelt facing each other. They gazed silently at each other for a few seconds and then reached out simultaneously, placing their hands on each others shoulders. I watched silently as Tanya pulled Lauren closer, parting her lips ready for that first kiss. Lauren flashed a quick glance at me, as if looking for reassurance, and then responded, her own mouth opening and locking onto Tanya's with her arms sliding around the other woman's back.

At first the kiss was shy and hesitant from both of them, but soon they were holding each other more tightly, lips moving as their tongues began to explore each others mouths. Their eyes were closed and their bodies were pressed tightly together by hands that roamed over each others backs, pulling at the bottom of tee-shirts to explore beneath. I stood watching, my cock swelling rapidly in my pants, half spellbound with the view and half wishing one of them was me -- and I wasn't really bothered which one.
