 I managed to make it to the entrance to the dressing room before I got so embarrassed my feet just wouldn't carry me any further. The black tube skirt was so short it barely covered my ass, and my ass wasn't all that big!

Bill's eyes bugged out so far I thought they were going to pop out of his head. "Oh, baby, you look so damn hot! Damn girl!"

I blushed bright red. "I don't know Bill," I said. "I've never worn anything nearly this short. I can' even make it out of the dressing room!"

We'd been married ten years. I was now thirty two, my husband Bill thirty four. Sex had been hot at first but as with many married couples it had gradually tapered off to a twice a month routine, which was fine with me. But I knew Bill wanted more.

I'd caught him reading porn a few times. He tried to get me to watch with him but I was too embarrassed to watch someone else having sex, and besides the glimpses I'd gotten showed people doing weird stuff.

Not that I didn't enjoy a little weird stuff myself. I loved it when he went down on me; I always came in a couple of minutes and sometimes once or twice more. I enjoyed being on top, sitting with my tits jiggling as I rode him. It was nice.

But lately Bill had started asking for other things, things I wasn't comfortable with. Like, he always wanted to cum in my mouth. I'd suck him but not that! And he tried to tie my hands a couple of times, wrapped my wrists with my gown and that was pretty much ok; after all, I could have just pulled loose.

But these days Bill had begun talking about other things, things I'd never even considered. He wanted me to have sex with another girl and him, a threesome. I told him no never no way! I wasn't gay!

Then he started carrying on about swapping, me having sex with another guy while he did it with the guys wife. That wasn't as bad and honestly I felt a little flash in my stomach when he'd talk about it but I'd never had sex with anyone but Bill and didn't really want to have another man and I CERTAINLY didn't want him to fuck another woman!

Finally I realized I had to give in about something, he was bugging me to death! I agreed he could take me shopping for sexy clothes and I'd even wear them for him, the operative phrase being 'for him'. I didn't consider at the time wearing my "hooker outfit" as we called it out of the house.

I'd soon see how wrong I was about that.

Anyway I couldn't wear the too short black mini, I just couldn't! I knew he was disappointed but I finally compromised on one just like it but a bit longer. It came to about mid thigh on me and was tight, it hugged my ass. Bill told me it looked really hot, so I figured what the heck, and let him buy it for me.

Then the top. Bill carried on so about the tops, the ones he wanted me to wear wouldn't have made a good napkin! Sheer in front, no back, a triangle with an elastic strap that fastened in back, held the thing up. The bottom barely covered my navel and if I moved it didn't even do that. I thought, well we've been married ten years and if this is REALLY what he wants...

Then to Victoria's Secret, he picked out a couple of thong panties, one bright red, the other black. Shoes at another store, four inch silver sandals. Finally at Frederick's he had me buy a bra like no other I'd ever worn.

I have nice boobs, C cups, firm, not too big. I get a lot of stares from guys which is embarrassing but sort of nice too in a perverted way. Anyway, Bill had me buy this red bra that had no upper cups at all. When I had it on it was like my tits were on two plates. The cups ended below my nipples which were totally exposed. It wasn't very comfortable being exposed like that but I gave in on that one also.

So we went home and I tried on my outfit for Bill. I added thigh high stockings, patterned. Bill had wanted a garter belt but I vetoed that. 

The effect on Bill was instant; I could see his erection clearly straining his jeans as I stood before him. We had explosive sex that night, I came three times.

I'd play with the clothes from time to time for the next few months. I had to admit it was fun and I really enjoyed the reaction I got from Bill when I put on my "whore outfit". The sex was always hot!

Bill wanted to go dancing with me wearing the outfit. I kept saying no but I got more comfortable with the clothes and he finally wore me down. We hadn't been dancing in years and he told me he'd stay right with me the whole time.

And so one Friday I found myself clinging to Bill's arm, feeling barely dressed, in my short black skirt, peach colored open back top, red bra and thong, thigh highs, and silver sandals. I was so nervous; I knew if my nipples got hard everyone would see them and so I willed, "Nips down!". For now they cooperated.

Bill paid the cover and led me into the bar. Looking around I saw several other women dressed much as I was. At least I wouldn't be the only slut in the crowd!

We sat and ordered drinks. The band was playing a fast song; we danced to it and a couple more. I finished a couple of drinks and gradually loosened up. This was fun after all!

We'd been there about an hour when a young guy, about 25 I'd guess, walked over to our table. He had dark hair and brown bedroom eyes. He was about six feet tall, a couple inches taller than Bill. Trim and fit, he looked like he worked out. My breath caught and I felt a flash of warmth just looking at him.

He looked at Bill. "Your wife is really pretty," he said, "Would you mind if I asked her to dance?"

My heart dropped to my stomach! Surely Bill would refuse but he surprised me by saying, "Sure, go ahead, she likes to dance don't you honey?"

I couldn't speak; I just nodded then looked down as the stranger took my hand. "Hi, I'm Jimmy." "Amy" I managed to squeak as he led me firmly but gently to the dance floor.

The song was semi fast so we didn't touch except from time to time when his leg bumped me. When that happened it was like a hot fire where he touched me, like my skin was on fire. He looked really good out there, swaying to the music. I wondered what sex would be like with him...STOP Amy! Stop it!

The dance finally ended and he led me back to the table. "Thank you, I really enjoyed that," he said politely but I felt his eyes linger a bit too long on me and suddenly realized that my traitor nipples were hard little points, clearly visible through my clingy top!

Bill didn't seem to notice though. I gulped my second drink and ordered another. A couple more songs and Jimmy came back and asked me to dance again. The second time was even better, I suppose the liquor was getting to me. I felt myself swaying in time to the music and Jimmy, following his lead.

The song ended and I started to walk away but Jimmy held my hand, stopping me. "Wait...just a minute," he said. I saw him nod to the singer and they started playing a slow song, "I want to know what love is, I want you to show me..."

Jimmy gathered me in his arms and pulled me close, his right hand on the small of my back. I sort of melted into him, close, my body against his, feeling him, smelling his male animal musk. I felt his erection through his pants, hard, throbbing. My hips jerked against him involuntarily as we swayed to the music. "You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen," he cooed into my ear. "I want to fuck you."

My hips jerked hard into him, involuntarily and I moaned softly, "Ohhhhh..."

"I see you want that too. Go to the ladies room after I take you back."

Well I had no intention of doing any such thing but after he walked me back to the table I really had to pee so I told bill, "Be right back" and made my way to the bathroom. There was nobody inside, I was panting, felt like I'd just run a race. I looked in the mirror, saw a stranger, a girl dressed like a slut, sweat on my brow, my hair wet, nipples clearly visible. "Who are you?" I wondered.

Then the door opened and Jimmy quickly stepped inside. He grabbed me, pulled me to him, kissed me hard, his mouth on mine, demanding. I went with it, I had no will to resist, moaning softly as we kissed.

He lifted me, holding me with his hands under my hips. My legs automatically went around him. He walked me like that into a stall, pushing the door open then it closed. Suddenly his hands were on his belt, dropping his pants and his shorts. My hand found his cock, God it was big, bigger than Bills! I wanted it inside me, I wanted to be taken!

Pulling my thong aside he guided himself to the opening of my pussy. I must have been very wet because when he plunged hard into me, burying himself to the hilt, it didn't hurt at all. I grunted as he rammed deep into me.

"Tell me what you want. Tell me!"

"I want you to fuck me!" I screamed. "Fuck me, fuck me hard!"

Jimmy was happy to oblige! I came almost at once, being fucked by a stranger in the bathroom while my husband waited at a table outside like a slut in heat! And that was what I became, a slut, wanting him to pound, cleave me without mercy!

In a couple of minutes I felt him stiffen. He drove in an extra millimeter and I felt him cum, pumping spurt after spurt inside me. I thought he'd never stop pumping, I'd never had that much sperm from Bill but finally he gave one last jerk and I knew he was done. He held me there for a minute.

"Thanks babe, that was everything I thought it would be. You're kinda terrific, your husband is a lucky guy."

I didn't know what to say so I just moaned softly, still panting from our lovemaking. He gently lowered me to my feet and I managed to stand on shaky legs. He pulled up his shorts and pants and left the stall.

I sat on the commode for a long time as his cum slowly drained out of me. The thong was ok, a little wetness on it but some TP and it was sorta clean, clean enough to wear anyway. Fifteen minutes and half a roll of toilet paper and I managed to get out of the stall. I fixed my makeup and hair in the mirror and walked out of the restroom.

When I returned to the table Jimmy was sitting there with Bill. They were laughing and talking like old friends.

"Did you have fun in the bathroom Amy?" Bill asked with a twinkle in his eye.

"Y-yes, sorry it took so long, too much liquor I guess I had to pee but couldn't"

Bill looked me a long time. "Its ok, baby, you don't need to lie. Look at the cool video Jimmy has on his phone."

Jimmy turned his cell phone toward me and pressed the play button. It was sorta dark but...WAIT...then I heard myself screaming, "Fuck me, fuck me hard Jimmy". My heart stopped; Jimmy had recorded our bathroom tryst!

"Bill...I can explain, please..." I half sobbed.

"That's ok baby," Bill said. "Don't bother, I see what was going on. Seems like you're a slut after all, and here I thought all these years you were a tight ass!"

I didn't know what to say, I was struck dumb! "Now Amy," my husband continued, "Here's the deal: I have the email of your boss at the bank, all our neighbors, your mother and brother, and our pastor entered here." He showed me his phone. "I press send and they all get a copy of this."

"No! God no Bill you can't do that!"

"Can and will sweetness. Unless you want to play some more I'll send this out."

I didn't know what he meant, 'play', but I knew I had no choice but to go along with whatever he wanted. "Ok, ok, anything, just don't send that out please!" I half sobbed.

"I booked us a room in the motel next door," he said. He handed me a plastic card. "Room 312. Go on over, I'll be along in a few minutes."

Numbly, I took the card and stumbled out the door. I heard Bill and Jimmy laughing as I walked out to face whatever that had cooked up. The motel was right next door. I took the elevator to the third floor, found 312. Unlocked the door. It was a room with a king sized bed, large window, bathroom. I pulled the curtains across the window, sat on the bed.

In five minutes the door opened and Bill came in, but he wasn't alone. Jimmy was with him and four other guys, all young, about Jimmy's age. Bill pulled a chair over to the corner of the room and sat.

"I told my buddies what a hot piece of ass you were," Jimmy said. The other men laughed. "They think I'm lying so I decided they could see for themselves."

"Y-you mean..."

"Yeah baby, you're gonna be the designated pussy at the gangbang."

I felt a flash of fear. Was he serious? I couldn't possibly take all these men, surely he was joking!

"Stand up," Jimmy ordered, pulling me to my feet. "You can take off your clothes or we'll take them off of you, your choice!"

"Ohhh...God, Jimmy." I half pleaded but the look in his eyes said he was serious. I reached behind and unsnapped my top; it slid to the floor. My bra popped off when I unsnapped it. I heard the guys breaths "Ahhhhh..." as my tits popped free, nipples still hard.

Next my skirt and panties. I stepped out of my sandals and stood there naked.

"You guys want to draw straws?" Jimmy asked. I blushed bright red as they took the paper pad on the room desk and tore it into squares, numbering them. One of the guys was wearing a hat; they put the papers in it and each drew one out.

"Number one!" one of the guys exclaimed proudly, holding his paper in the air over his head. He was blonde, blue eyes, a little shorter than Jimmy but still taller than Bill. Sorta cute.

He quickly dropped his pants, shorts, and stepped out of his shoes. He walked over to where I stood next to the bed, grabbed me, and forced me back, onto my back on the bed. He was on top of me, kissing me, then he reached down and quickly put himself inside me, thrusting in rapidly.

I was still wet and slimy from my bathroom encounter with Jimmy so he slid right in. I looked over at Bill; he was sitting there smiling, apparently perfectly content to let these men fuck his wife.

It was just too much! A man inside me, pumping; four others standing around the bed cheering him on; my husband watching. I felt myself go over the edge, the orgasm surprising me, moaning, hips jerking, clutching the man on me as I came.

The other guys cheered. "See I told you," Jimmy said. "A natural born slut, see how she likes dick!"

That was so damn humiliating, degrading, being referred to as an object, a slut, one with no control over my own body! But the hot burn of humiliation combined with the boy's steady pounding pushed me over again and again I came, moaning, bucking.

The men all cheered and clapped. "Give it to her Rick, fuck that cunt!" "Come on Rick, do her!" With a grunt Rick went still and I felt him squirt inside me as he 'did' me.

Rick was only still a few seconds; he rose off me. "Next!" Number two was darker skinned, Latino. Without fanfare he guided himself into my gushing pussy and began pounding. Sure enough in less than a minute I came again and he soon followed, adding his cum to my sperm filled cunt.

And so it went, for several hours. They each had me twice; a couple had me three times. I came and came and came. And a strange thing happened.

I went into a sort of a trance, not really thinking anything. They took me one after the other, each guy owning me, owning my body in turn and I submitted to each, willingly becoming each man's sex slave, urging each on in turn, responding to each mans fucking. I anticipated each new cock inside me and when it was over I found myself wishing it would continue, wishing there were more men to enjoy my body.

I've heard the term since: Fucked Stupid. Guys think they can fuck a girl enough that she loses her mind, her will to resist, ceases rational thought. They're right. They fucked me stupid.

And finally drained, sated, they filed out of the room and left me there with Bill, still sitting in the chair watching their cum gush from my pussy onto the sheet. When the last man left and the door closed he dropped his pants, climbed onto the bed, put himself inside me, and pumped to a rapid climax. "I love you Amy!" he said gently as he added his load to the others.

Now I was officially a slut. I hadn't been forced, in fact I wanted it, wanted them to fuck me over and over. I knew I'd never go back to being the mousy housewife I'd been. I hoped Bill was ready for the monster he's unleashed!