 Raquel had a boyfriend that she'd been with for a little over two years. They got together shortly after she graduated from high school. She was grateful it was after high school because she wasn't stupid and was well aware that those relationships are almost always meaningless and destined to fail. Her boyfriend's name was Ian, he was 21 and a year older than her.

They had the kind of relationship that everyone hopes for when they go to sleep at night. They lived completely for each other, they got along great most of the time, had a somewhat plain but active sex life, and were so in love they never even thought of other people in a romantic or sexual way.

They lived together in a simple house that was on the smaller side. Both going to school and working jobs they couldn't afford anything spectacular and even only got the privilege of owning their own house because both their parents' volunteered to help them pay for it.

Raquel knew that her boyfriend had somewhat of a nerdy side, and every Tuesday a few of his buddies would bring their computers over so they could all sit around and play their favorite online game. They would always go down to the basement to turn it into a messy cave of wires and pop cans. 

Tuesday rolled around as it always did. "Hey babe just to remind you its Tuesday so the guys are gonna be coming over later tonight." said Ian as he walked through the front door.

"You're telling me? You're the one with the horrible memory!" Raquel joked. 

"Well I guess I'll have to give that one to you, I just didn't want you to be surprised when a bunch of guys start making countless trips in and out getting all the pieces-parts of their computers." he said. 

"Trust me, I think I can handle it." they both laughed and went about their business.

Later on in the evening there was a knock at the door. Raquel decided to be courteous and got up to answer it. She opened the door to see Ian's friends Derrick and Robert standing on the stoop, Derrick was holding a flat-screen computer monitor and Robert was holding what looked like a box of jumbled up keyboards and computer mice.

She flicked her eyes behind them and saw another guy who she recognized as Matt struggling to shut the door of his car without dropping the two computer towers he was holding. "Come on in," she said "you know where to go." The two of them walked through the living room and around the corner to the door of the basement, she held the door open as Matt waddled his way up the stone steps. 

"Sup Raquel?" he said as he passed.

"Not much, just trying my best to avoid falling computer parts." She replied.

He laughed and said "Well you don't gotta worry about that, I'm a big strong man and I'd never let anything fall on you."

"Ohh, now I don't I just feel so safe!" They both laughed a little and he made his way to the basement.

A while later, after Ian and the guys had made several trips in an out of the house to grab this and that from the car they were all downstairs 'banging on their keyboards and screaming' as Raquel put it. She was upstairs wasting time with this and that. She got on her laptop for a little while to check her blog and talk to her friends, but that can only last so long. Boredom manifested itself as hunger so she decided to go to the kitchen and get something to eat. She looked through the cupboards for something that was quick and didn't require her to make it. Sadly tomorrow she and Ian had planned to go shopping and they were pretty poorly stocked. 

So she had come to terms with the fact that she'd have to make something. As she grabbed some pasta from an upper cupboard she heard the basement door open. A moment later Robert came strolling into the kitchen and toward the refrigerator. "What's up Raquel?" he said, grabbing a pop from the fridge. "Not too much, we have hardly any food at all so I guess I'm making myself some spaghetti." She replied. As she said this she bent over to grab a pot from their lazy susan, Robert glanced over at her not wanting to miss a good view of her nice ass and was very surprised to see a skimpy black thong hanging out of her pink sweat pants.

He'd never seen her panties hanging out before and found it tremendously arousing, she was a very sexy girl anyway. She had dark hair with blonde highlights and big-ish lips that he referred to as 'DSL' or 'Dick Sucking Lips'. She was kind of short at around 5'1'', but had a nice big booty and 34B titties. Without thinking he quietly said "Damn..." Raquel barely heard this but stood up and asked "What?" Robert's mind fumbled for a quick excuse but came up with nothing.

"Well I'd rather not say, because if I did I don't think it would result in anything but you and/ or Ian being mad at me." He said. 

She figured she'd be a little pissed off but her curiosity was too great not to find out. 

"Well you might be right, but I won't tell Ian even if it's bad.. deal?" 

He thought about this for a second and didn't see any better alternative, so he decided to come clean. "When you bent over to grab something, I looked over at your ass.. because its such a nice ass and saw your skimpy black thong hanging out."  She figured it was something like that because nothing else came to mind that could have made her or Ian angry. Even still, she was more than a little annoyed. She was Ian's long term girlfriend after all, and Robert was one of his best friends, he shouldn't have been looking at her ass in the first place. After all of this ran through her mind she said "Oh... well you probably shouldn't have been looking Robert. I'll do my best not to let my thong hang out anymore." Robert stood in a moment of awkward silence before apologizing and retreating back downstairs. 

"What took so long?" Ian said as Robert sat in his chair. "Was just helping Raquel reach something." He replied. "Well get your ass back online you slacker." Ian said and they all laughed. The night continued as normal until it tired itself out.

The next Tuesday started similarly to the one previous. The guys showed up in the evening and made their trek to the basement. 

As she heard the yells and cussing of the guys downstairs Raquel sat on their living room couch with her laptop resting on her legs. Chatting to her friends and exploring different peoples' profiles she decided to go to Ian's; seeing his handsome face never grew tiring for her.

She looked around his pictures first, especially the ones from their vacation to Cancun. Doesn't he look so sexy in his swim shorts? She thought. Mostly out of boredom she went to his New Friends section and noticed one of his newest friends was a very good looking blonde girl named Chrissy. Now her curiosity was peaked, he didn't normally accept friend requests from girls. She went to her profile and took a look. She was from a close town and going to a neighboring college. Raquel went to her picture section and clicked on the album titled "For the guys".

The contents of this section was the girl in different colors and shapes of booty shorts and bras posed in very skanky ways. One she was bending completely over, one she was sitting in front of a mirror with her legs spread eagle, and one she was even touching where her panties covered her pussy and appeared to be moaning. She clicked on that one and scrolled down. It took her a moment to even register what she was seeing. Ian had commented it and said "Lookin' sexy! Maybe I could do that for you sometime. =)"

She didn't know how to cope with this, her mind told her that she should be hurt. And she was human after all, it did hurt. But more than anything she was pissed. Whether it was fate or just coincidence we could never guess, but while she was still steaming she heard the basement door open. This gave her an idea, a very fucked up and sadistic idea that was not at all like her. But she didn't care, she was pissed off and wanted solace. She walked into the kitchen and found Robert rummaging around, probably looking for food. Well it's him, that's convenient. She thought. 

"Hey Robert." She said. 

He jumped a little and turned around. She was wearing black short shorts and tight yellow t-shirt that exposed her sexy stomach. 

"Oh.. hey Raquel. Hey about the other night I really wanted to say--"

"Don't worry," she interrupted. "It's not a big deal. But now that you brought it up what exactly did you like about seeing me bend over with my panties hanging out?" 

"Are you okay...? That's a pretty abrupt change from last week."

"You're right, it is a pretty drastic change.. well I suppose I could just go back into the living room if you don't like it?" she said and started to turn around.

"No no," he said quickly "You just caught me off guard is all but you're sure you want to talk about this? ...what about Ian?"

"That's a good point. But I won't tell him if you won't."

Robert was a down to Earth guy, he knew that girls' thought processes were extremely sporadic and even if she was like this now, she might break down and tell Ian later. But as down to Earth a guy as he was, he was a guy and the odds sounded good enough to him.

"It's a deal." He said

"Well go on then," she said. "Tell me."

"Well I'm sure you're aware that you have a very luscious ass, its ridiculously juicy. Even without your thong hanging out I love catching a glimpse of it whenever I can. And then this is gonna sound sorta weird but.. I have a thong fetish, so when I saw you wore thongs and actually got to see it hanging out I have to admit I started to get a little hard. And now I'm rambling but there is one more thing if you'd like to hear?"

"Of course I'd like to hear! Don't keep anything from me." She said, and gave him a seductive look. 

"Well I started visualizing different things, but what was really getting me going was imagining you bending over with just your thong on and seeing it wedged tight in your ass. Then looking down and seeing where it covered your pussy."

"Hmm so you mean sort of like this?" she said and then immediately stepped out of her shorts. She was wearing a very sexy red thong with black trim. She turned around exposing all of her juicy ass to Robert's hungry eyes and very slowly bent over at the waist. She had been with Ian and thought of nothing but Ian for so long that she didn't realize she'd get such a thrill from being dirty, from exposing herself to another guy. It feels so good to be bad. She thought.

Robert's vision became reality. He could see where her panties covered her cunt and even the outline of her pussy lips as they pushed against the tight fabric. "Ye-Yeah," he stammered "A lot like that actually." His cock was starting to press against the inside of his jeans. Then Raquel started slowly started moving her ass back and forth, taunting him. "So you like this Robert? Does this make you horny?" she said. "If I can say so, yes it makes me extremely horny."

"Well I'm glad I could give you some enjoyment, that's all it—"

Just then the basement door opened and Derrick stepped through. His eyes bulged huge and he immediately said "What the fuck? Is this what you do every time you come up here to get a drink Robert?" he added another "What the fuck?" for emphasis.

Robert opened his mouth as if to say something but nothing came, he was caught and he knew it. Derrick would go tell Ian and the game would all be over. Luckily Raquel had extremely different plans. 

Exposing her ass to Robert helped the hurt and the anger building up inside her a little bit, so she decided to just run with it. "Oh come on now Derrick," she said "This is the first time anything like this has happened."

"Oh I'm fucking sure, that I just happened to walk up here on the first occurrence."

"Ironically that's exactly what happened, though I'm sure you don't believe me. So what are you going to do?" She was still standing there in her panties.

"Well I'm going to fucking tell Ian of course." Robert turned red.

"Now why would you wanna do that? I'm sure we could persuade you otherwise."

As much as Derrick wanted to be a good friend to Ian, he was a guy and he was always horny. And after all, it was no secret that Raquel was very sexy.

"Hmm.. hypothetically if I were to agree to this persuasion, what would it entail?" 

Robert's demeanor picked up, maybe he wasn't screwed after all.

"Well what would you want it to entail? I'm not going to go down on you or anything if that's where you were going with that, but maybe if you use your imagination to think of something else?" she had this smile that made it impossible not to impede on better judgment.

He thought it over for a moment and smiled. "I know what I want. I want you to give me a slutty dance."

"Ooo!" she said and gave a huge smile. "Now that sounds like an idea, I'm sure you wouldn't mind Robert being in on it too?" 

"No I guess I don't care, but then maybe you could bend over one more time?" She was more than happy to oblige. "Mm, now that's a sexy sight." He said. Then opened the basement door. "Hey dudes! Robert managed to bash his knee on the corner of a cabinet and its bleeding pretty bad." Derrick yelled down the steps.

"Should we come up?" followed Ian's voice. 

"No its fine! I'll take care of him, God knows if you helped you'd only make it worse!"

"Nice thinking" said Robert and Raquel together.

The three of them strode into the living room where Raquel's laptop was. She picked it up for a moment to put on a song, she decided on a rap song with a really strong bass beat. She didn't really like rap but she figured it would help her give the boys something sexy.

When the song started she walked up to Derrick while slowly swaying her hips. She got right up on him and looked into his eyes, still moving. "Is this what you want?" she asked. "Mmm" was all he could say. 

She turned around and started rubbing her panty clad ass all over his crotch, she could feel it hardening and poking into her. She'd be lying if she said this didn't make her a little wet. "Come on over here Robert, don't be shy." She said.

He walked over and smushed her between him and Derrick. She picked up her movement with the song, at this point she was moving her ass all directions rubbing it into Derrick's cock. Every time she moved she'd also rub her pussy on Robert and could feel his cock hardening and rubbing on her clit.

She couldn't help it and let out a small moan. She looked up at both of the sexy guys looming above her, embarrassed. They both just smiled. The song ended shortly after and the guys both retreated back downstairs with raging hardons. Raquel went into the kitchen to retrieve her shorts.

Later that night after all of them had went home Raquel and Ian were laying in bed. She turned to him and asked "Did you have a fun time playing with your friends earlier baby?". "Yeah we always have a good time on Tuesdays." He answered. 

"That's good."

"What did you do while we were hogging the basement?"

"Not much, just browsed through my blog and listened to music." She said and gave him a smile.

"Ah so a pretty typical day in the life of Raquel?" he joked.

"Oh I don't know if I'd say that. Anyway I'm tired baby, I'm going to sleep." Then she turned over and did just that.

The next few weeks were pretty uneventful in comparison to what had previously happened. There was mild flirting when the guys came over, always behind Ian's back. But Raquel kept checking his mistress's page as well as anyone else she felt was a threat and didn't find anything to set her off. Her anger had died down considerably in the absence of any significant wrongdoings on Ian's part. 

That was all well and good until she was browsing through Ian's profile and saw he had yet another new friend. This girl's name was Katelyn and was even better looking than the last one. She was a brunette and pretty tall. She had very long, sexy legs.  

Raquel grudgingly went to her profile and looked around at her pictures. Most of them were skanky like the last girl's and she saw that Ian had commented almost every one telling her how sexy she was and what he'd like to do to her.

"Gah!" she screamed. "For two fucking years we were so in love and I didn't think you ever even thought about other girls!" She sat and let her frustration come to a boil. She couldn't contain how pissed she was at that fucker and just wanted to get back at him. The perfect plan came to her when later that night Ian mentioned that Matt was going to be late next Tuesday.

 The three guys were downstairs as usual while Raquel sat on the couch watching TV. Once they were secure in their own little world she went to her and Ian's room to get ready. She put on the red 4'' high stilettos she had worn with her Halloween costume two years ago, a tight black skirt that was so short that when she walked you could just barely see the bottom of her ass, and a tight top that squeezed her tits together nicely. There was a knock at the door.

When the door opened the sight he was beholding completely caught Matt off-guard. "Holy fuck did I miss something?" he said immediately. "Come in why don't you?" Raquel responded. 

He walked through the door and tried to find words. "I uh... well, I er...?" was all he could manage.

"Did I surprise you a little bit Matt?" she said coolly.

"I guess you could say that, yes." Stumbled through his teeth. 

He caught his balance a little bit and inquired "So explain to me what's going on with all this." He looked her up and down. 

"Well do you want the truth, or what you wanna hear?"

"I think we better go with the truth."

"Ahh that's no fun. Well over the past few weeks I've been finding out slowly that I'm not the only girl Ian thinks about, that I'm not as special to him as he's made me think the whole time we've been together. On his blog he keeps hitting on all these girls, and not just a little flirting, its sort of.. sexually explicit."

"Oh... wow. Are you sure there's no way its any sort of mistake?"

"Uhm, yeah I'm sure." Came her sarcastic reply.

"So how does that translate to all of this?" he said eyeing her up and down again.

"Well you see," she said, as she took a couple steps toward him. "This is sort of my way," another couple steps. "Of getting a little revenge." She reached him and kissed his neck.

He jumped back a step or two and said "Whoa! You're my buddy's girlfriend, this shouldn't be happening."

"You're right, it shouldn't. But he earned it. Plus me, Robert and Derrick already had a little bit of fun" she said coyly. 

He was flabbergasted. "You mean you and them...?"

"Oh no not like that! I just showed them a bit of myself, and just maybe I gave them a little bit of a lap dance. Or.. was it a lot of a lap dance?" She winked.

"Damn. So what's this mean for me? ...this is wrong."

"Wow you guys really are close friends aren't you? Robert and Derrick both protested at first too. So there's absolutely no way I can convince you to help me out with my little 'revenge' issue?" she said.

He let his mind wander and fantasize for a moment. "Well I guess I wouldn't say there's no way. And he did sort of fuck up big time."

"I was hoping you'd say that." Once again closing the distance between them. First she kissed his neck lightly, he started grabbing her 34B titties. She moaned, then kissed up and down his neck. She started to kiss and suck over it more vigorously. Meanwhile her hand moved down to his crotch and started massaging it.

He let out a little bit of a moan. "Mm you like that Matt?" she said. "Yeah I do, it feels so good." She stuck her hand down the front of his jeans and grabbed his hardening cock. She stroked it and fondled his balls as she started to kiss his lips. 

"If you think that feels good, just wait. Raquel is gonna take good care of you." She said and began kissing down his body. She kissed his chin, his neck, his chest, his stomach, until finally she was on her knees and had reached her prize. She gave his cock one last good grope before she unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. She pulled down his boxers and revealed his cock. It must have been around eight inches and pretty fat. It was much bigger than Ian's who was only packing around 6''. 
