 I had dreamed about sex for a long time but actually doing it was a whole other thing. You see I was brought up a Catholic good girl. Catholic schools and prayers were a way of life for me. Not to say I didn't think about fucking all the time or hadn't learned the classic Catholic girl blow-job to appease my boyfriends but all-in-all I was a good girl and a virgin, that is until I turned eighteen. 

At eighteen my seven friends and I celebrated my birthday by sneaking into a ritzy Los Angeles bar and I saw one of the most gorgeous women I had ever seen. She had long blonde hair, perfect tan, voluptuous breasts, and an outfit that showed off her amazing ass and long legs. I first noticed her feet, which were fit into black stiletto heels, and as my eyes gazed upward along her long bare legs I came across the shortest skirt I had ever seen. Her ass just about hung out of the black leather mini skirt so you could just see the shape of her beautiful cheeks. Then my sights took in her tight-fitting pink sweater showing off her big tits as she turned around and looked my way. I could tell she was looking straight at me even though I was still staring at her chest. I wanted to look up at her but I was way too embarrassed and I turned back to join my friends at the table.

I could not help it though, I had to see what her face looked like so I stole a look her way. She was talking with some dark-haired man and I could only see her from behind. I could not believe my thoughts. I had never had lesbian thoughts before and I didn't think I was a lesbian but this woman was intriguing me. She exhumed sex appeal. Something I had always wanted but did not think I had. I had shoulder length brown hair, brown eyes, medium-sized boobs with big nipples, and a fit, muscular body that always attracted men but I was not considered a sexpot. I was wearing tight –fitting jeans and a see-through white blouse that showed off my curves in a classy way that was very much unlike her slutty look.

I tried to chime into my friends' conversation but my mind was preoccupied and I kept looking back at the blonde goddess which is when the dark-haired man she was talking to smiled at me and nodded to the blonde in front of him. She turned my way and this time I could not look away. She was breathtaking. As if the rest of her body was not erotic enough, she had flawless silky white skin, green eyes, and bounteous lips. She was a modern day Barbie but with clothes I had never seen Barbie in. She just smiled at me, she new I was gawking but I think she was having fun with it. After all, with that outfit I guess she didn't mind attention.

I smiled back and that is when I noticed the dark-haired man next to her was as gorgeous as she was. He was Ken, she was Barbie. The two were the sexiest couple I had ever laid my eyes on. He motioned me with his finger to come so I excused myself from my friends and headed on over. 

"Hi, I'm Darren," the dark-haired Ken doll said to me, "and this is Sheila," he said as he gestured toward Barbie. 

"I'm Samantha," I said as my mind raced. I didn't know what to say to them. I didn't know why I even went over to them. I had nothing to say. But my body did. I realized I was wet. My pussy was dripping. The two of them were looking me up and down.

"How old are you?" Darren asked. "Twenty-one," I lied, "I'm celebrating my twenty-first birthday tonight." Sheila just nodded at me. I think they knew my lie but neither of them called me on it. 

"Well then, to celebrate, can I buy you a drink?" Darren asked in a low, husky voice that turned me on in ways I never knew could happen. My thighs were actually quivering. 

"I think she wants something else Darren," Sheila finally spoke as she touched my hand and put it in hers. She began stroking my hand and then up my arm and down my back until she reached my ass which she pinched. 

"Why don't we go to the VIP room?" she asked Darren. He smiled at me and asked "do you want to go with us to a private room, Samantha?"

"Yes," I answered simply as my heartbeat sped to an enormous rate. Sheila took my hand and led me to a door in the back. I looked back at my friends who were so involved in their conversation they hadn't noticed I was gone. 

Darren was walking behind me with his hand pressing the small of my back as we entered a small dimly lit room with a black velvet couch, white walls, and red carpeting. Gold lamps and decorations adorned the room and incensed burned to create a smoky den. I heard the sound of the door locking behind me. The radio had on dance music and I felt like I was in another world. I stood and stared as Sheila's ass was straight in front of me. She was bending over to get a bottle. When I turned to look at Darren beside me I saw he was checking out the same view.

"You like what you see," he said as he turned to me, "Sheila already told me she liked what she saw."

"I don't really like women in that way," I said.

"Have you ever tried being with a woman?" he asked.

"No, I have only had boyfriends," I said.

"What a shame," Sheila purred as she walked over to me with three shot glasses in her hand. "Why don't we toast to you Samantha," she said as she handed us glasses filled with some concoction.

"To Samantha, here's to turning twenty-one and having the best night of your life" she said raising the glasses. We clinked our glasses, took the shots, and stared at one another. 

I had no idea what to do next. I found them both extremely attractive but my Catholic guilt was kicking in. I was a virgin, should I do this now. Is this what I wanted for my first experience in intercourse? 

Sheila and Darren seemed to sense my nervousness and Darren smiled and said "it's ok if you just want to watch." He turned to Sheila and began caressing her ass. He cupped both cheeks and pulled her closer to him. Her body started swaying and she started dancing for him. Her skirt was rising up and down as she moved to the music. She was a good dancer. Sheila took her sweater off and her breast flashed us. Darren was hard. His pants bulged as he unzipped them. Sheila kept moving around him, touching his ass, his bare chest, his muscular arms, and his cock. He was now stroking his cock as he watched her. 

I was coming unglued. My body wanted to fuck. My nipples were so hard and I was so wet I just couldn't stand by and watch anymore. I walked over to Darren, took his hand away, and began sucking his cock. It tasted good. Sheila came up beside me and began licking his balls. I could feel her cheek and forehead touching my face and it was turning me on even more. I started sucking with vigilance. Then, as turned on as I thought I was, it got better. Darren was stroking my hair back on my head as Sheila reached around and began playing with my pussy. I was close to orgasm at that point. Every muscle in body wanted me to come. I looked over at Sheila crouched down beside me and one hand was on her pussy, one hand was playing with my pussy, and her mouth was full of balls.

The big cock in my mouth was getting close to coming too and Sheila was moaning, so I stopped sucking. That was it, I wanted a fucking. No, I needed a fucking. I walked over to the couch and bent over the arm of it and waited. I didn't wait for long. Darren's cock was in me so fast that I didn't have time to scream at the brief pain it caused. The rush of being drilled for the first time by a cock was exhilarating. 

But I was to have another first as Sheila lay herself beneath me on the couch and tilted her pussy up to my mouth. I began licking her pussy to the rhythm of Darren's fucking and I don't know who was moaning the loudest.

I didn't know if I was a good pussy-liqueur until Sheila started coming. Her hips were gyrating, her voice was screaming "make me come, please, please," and her breasts were bouncing up and down as her body came. And that made me come and come quick at the same time as Darren shot his load into me. The incredible feeling of jism pouring into me while my pussy writhed in orgasm was unimaginable. 

It may not have been the proper Catholic introduction to sex but I will never regret it. After all, that night led to a life of eroticism that I may tell you more about, if you're a good girl or boy.