 ***All characters are over 18***

Five Months Later...

"So he was into face-fucking you, huh?"

"Yeah. I mean, he wasn't huge or anything, so I could definitely deepthroat him. But I figured I'd throw in a couple chokes and gags just to keep him happy."

Britney laughed at Trisha's remark. In the last five months, the two girls had become closer than ever. Trisha didn't know it at the time, but that day at the bookstore, so long ago, had changed everything. Since then, the two cheerleaders had become inseparable. Britney had given her confidence, had taught her how to tease a man and flaunt her taut, eighteen-year-old body. She had helped Trisha revamp her entire wardrobe, replacing cute, flowery blouses with skin-tight tops and miniskirts, teaching her how to walk in stiletto heels. And, of course, she had given her more than a few sex tips.

"Yeah, I think that's pretty much just a male thing. No matter who the guy is, he always loves it when a girl chokes on his dick."

Trisha laughed as the two girls walked down the school's hallway. A pair of football players were chatting by their lockers, and as the two cheerleaders passed by, they exchanged knowing smiles. Trisha grinned as the memory flashed through her mind – the four of them, in the back of one of the jock's truck, entwined in one another, rolling around in the dark, switching partners, not even knowing who was who...

A short, blonde-haired girl was walking quickly past, clutching a math book to her chest. She offered Trisha a nervous, half-smile.

"Hey Trisha..."

Trisha smiled back. "Hi Mandy." She and Mandy had been best friends for so long, but now, she knew that Mandy just couldn't deal with everything that had changed. The last straw had been when rumors flew around that Trisha had slept with the AP History teacher, Mr. Braun. Deep inside her stomach, she felt a tiny cringe as she remembered their late-night phone conversation, when Mandy had shamefully admitted to Trisha that she couldn't be friends with her anymore. It was hard to accept, but somehow, Trisha had known that it was coming. She couldn't help who she was, and neither could Mandy.

Mandy gave a weak wave and then hurried on, eager to leave, and Trisha didn't bother trying to stop her. Instead, she kept up with Britney. The head cheerleader was wearing a skintight minidress, her boobs bursting out the top and her curvaceous butt barely covered by the swishing skirt. Trisha was wearing a pair of cutoff denim shorts, so tiny that the bottom of her ass poked out. Her boobs strained against the tight fabric of a white T-shirt, and the stiletto heels of her ankle-high boots clacked against the tile floor. The two of them were almost complete opposites: Britney was tall and blonde, standing several inches over Trisha, and always loud and the center of attention. Trisha was petite and slender, barely over five feet, and her cute smile, wavy brown hair, and innocent looks could have passed her off as the sweet girl next door any day. And yet, every single person in school knew exactly who both of them were; the class sluts, the hottest and the nastiest girls that had ever walked the school's halls. The two cheerleaders were almost out of the building when a tall, burly man in a brown suit stopped them.

"Hello, girls." It was Principal Johnson, standing in the middle of the hallway, arms crossed.

"Hi there, Principal." Britney smiled up at him.

"Mr. Braun tells me you were late for class this morning. Again."

Trisha gave a casual shrug. "Oops. Were we?"

"That's the third time this week. Three late classes in a row means detention." The Principal was doing his best to keep his voice hard, but for some reason he was struggling. He seemed to be nervous, or maybe even afraid.

Britney shook her head. "Mmm...I don't think so. We don't really want to go to detention."

"Well..." Principal Johnson began sputtering, "well, no one wants to go to detention, but they have to, and so do you. I am the principal, after all."

Trisha stepped forward, thrusting her chest forward, pouting with puppy dog eyes. "But Principal Johnson, we really really don't wanna!"

"Well...I..."

Britney stepped forward too. "Do you...need some more convincing?"

"I..." The Principal seemed to be trying to get something out, but he couldn't do it.

Britney shrugged. "Okay...tomorrow morning then, before class. Same place. We'll be waiting."

"Damnett, girls, you can't just..."

Trisha leaned in to whisper in his ear. "And you might want to bring some pills or something this time, Principal. I mean...you didn't last very long last time, did you?"

The girls laughed and turned to walk away as the principal stood frozen, angry and speechless. "See you later, Principal!"

Britney grinned at Trisha as they walked into the parking lot. "God, I fucking love doing that."

"How'd that video tape of him turn out?"

"Perfect. You can see his fucking face turn purple and everything. Oh, that reminds me." Britney reached into her purse and fished out her camera. "I'm meeting up with that one guy from the bookstore. He said he wants to film us this time."

Trisha giggled. "That guy? I thought you were finished with him."

Britney shrugged. "Nah. He's not that big, but God, he knows how to fuck. None of this make love bullshit. Just a good hard pounding. Hey, you should come. You'd like him, Trish. He's pretty rough."

Trisha grinned, but she shook her head. "Maybe next time, Brit. My mom is picking me up today. She's probably going to give me another lecture on respecting myself."

Britney rolled her eyes. "God. I respect myself just fine. I've got so much respect for myself that I don't give a shit if other people care how many guys I've fucked."

Trisha nodded. "Yeah, I know. It's a drag. Oh, there she is." She hurried towards the car that was pulling into the parking lot. "See you later, Brit!"

"See ya, Trish."

Trisha hopped into the passenger car seat and threw her backpack in the back. Her mom was dressed in a business suit, and her disapproving gaze was sweeping over her daughter's outfit.

"Honey, that shirt is virtually see-through."

"Is it?" Trisha looked down at her shirt, confused and innocent. "I didn't notice."

Her mother sighed. "You need to be more careful. I don't know what I'm going to do with you. I see you're still hanging around with that Britney girl."

Trisha nodded, putting her feet up on the dashboard. "Yep. I like her."

"Well, I don't. I didn't get a chance to do our grocery shopping, so we have to stop off there now." She turned off the street and into a large, crowded parking lot.

"Shit, really Mom? You can't just do that tomorrow?"

"Watch your language. And if you don't want to wait, why don't you help me?" Her mother gathered up her purse and stepped out of the car.

"Okay, okay, never mind, forget it. I'll just wait out here."

Her mom sighed. "Fine...you can stay with the car. Maybe you can get started on your homework."

"Sure thing. Thanks, Mommy."

As soon as her mom disappeared into the grocery store, Trisha got out and leaned against the car, feeling the sunshine on her skin. She closed her eyes and stretched her little body in the hot afternoon, arching on her toes and raising her arms towards the sky. The sun was staring down at her, but the cheerleader got a strange feeling that something else was staring too. She opened her eyes and looked around.

She was right. A boy in a store employee's uniform was standing on the sidewalk, smoking and trying to look suave, but unable to keep his cool next to the sight of Trisha stretching in the sunlight. His mouth was slightly open, and he was blatantly staring straight at her gorgeous body, eyes wide and unblinking. Trisha smiled and waved in his direction. He jolted as if someone had hit him, briefly met her gaze, and immediately blushed and looked away.

"Hi there," Trisha said, flashing him a sweet, innocent smile. "Do I have something on my shirt?"

"Uh...no. Nope. Sorry." He hurriedly shoved the cigarette into his mouth and turned away, deliberately avoiding looking at her body. Trisha could tell that it was taking him a lot of effort. She felt a wicked, powerful thrill at how easily she could turn him on, at how obviously he was checking her out; her long, brown hair draped across her slender shoulders, her perky 32C tits thrust out in contrast to her lithe waist and her slightly flared hips, her gorgeous ass only helping to frame her smooth, athletic legs. The thrill grew and grew as she watched him, building into an eager hunger. She kept her innocent brown eyes on his, and offered another sweet smile.

"Are you sure? You were staring right at it."

She thrust her chest forward, and pretended to look down and examine herself. The boy was looking out at the parking lot now, desperately trying to keep his composure, forcing himself to avoid staring at Trisha's dainty, gorgeous frame. The cheerleader barely managed to stifle her giggle at his reaction.

"Uh..."

"You know what? I think there might be a stain. Can you see it? Right here." Trisha teasingly tugged the shirt against her chest, the outline of her tit clearly visible against the stretched fabric. She smiled again.

The boy gave in, turning his head to stare. Trisha felt another thrill as she watched his eyes greedily take in every part of her – her T-shirt, tied around the navel, exposing her smooth midriff, her perky breasts bulging out against the tight fabric. Trisha knew without looking that in the sun, the stretched fabric was see-through, and the boy was staring at her lacy white bra. He lingered around her cutoff jean shorts, her smooth ass just poking out of the bottom, teasing him, her legs slender and shapely. She crossed one boot-clad foot over the other, the sharp heel clacking against the pavement. Then, she leaned against the car, throwing her slight shoulders back, feeling his eyes on her petite body and loving every second of it. I want more...

"I...uh...I dunno if..."

Ooh...I want more! Trisha strode over to him, not waiting for him to finish. Her chest was nearly bursting with eagerness, and the same powerful hunger was now coursing through her. "Hey, do you work in here?" She gestured towards the supermarket.

"Uh...yeah, I work as –"

"You have a bathroom in the back?"

"Um...sure."

"Okay. Show me where it is."

"Uh...yeah, okay..." He discarded his cigarette and walked into the back warehouse, and Trisha followed him, running a hand through her long brown hair. It was mostly empty, although she could hear noises far off – someone talking, or loading some boxes. He was slightly hunched as he watched, and the cheerleader knew that he was trying to hide an erection. Just the thought of it sent a hot shudder through her little body. He led her to a door in the back, opening it to reveal a one-person bathroom, with a grimy toilet and a leaky sink. Trisha walked in. "Thanks."

The boy took a step back and began to close the door, but Trisha stopped him, and gave him her best pout.

"You're leaving?"

"Wha? I...uh...yeah...I thought..."

Trisha tried to offer another innocent pout, but couldn't help breaking into a wicked giggle halfway through. 

"Don't do that! Stay for a while!" She winked at him, then she stepped forward, pressing her delicate body up against his, her firm, C-cup boobs mashed against him. She could feel his erection, throbbing against her stomach, as she raised herself on her tip-toes to whisper in his ear. "Maybe you can give me another stain."

The boy gasped. Without waiting for an answer, Trisha grabbed him around the collar, pulled him inside, and shut the door. The cheerleader could tell that he was utterly confused and unprepared – probably inexperienced too, but she didn't care. She was ready and eager; the moment she had felt his eyes running all over her body, her pussy had started to grow moist. Now, as she drew him towards her, she could feel her juices soaking her twat, her legs nearly trembling with anticipation. Oh God...I need to be fucked so badly! At barely five feet, she was much shorter than him, but she reached up and pulled him down into a kiss, shoving her tongue into his mouth. His tongue clumsily responded, flailing about, his breathing hard. A second later, she impatiently broke the kiss and whirled around, bending over and placing her hands on the toilet.

"What do you say?" she asked, turning back to flash him a smile. "Wanna make a deposit?"

"Wait...this is...crazy..." He was just staring at her, confused and overwhelmed. He was clearly rock-hard, as shown by the bulge in his pants, but he seemed frozen, too scared, or maybe just too bewildered, to act. The petite cheerleader arched her back in impatience. Guess he's going to need some encouragement...

"I can't wait any longer!" She moaned softly at him, ignoring his protest, her eyes pouty and begging. "Hurry up and fuck me!"

The boy jumped at the word 'fuck,' and Trisha couldn't help laughing.

"What? Don't you want to?"

"I mean...y-yeah...of course..." He couldn't seem to get the words out, his eyes still fixed on her slender body, bent over the toilet, her little ass hoisted in the air, ready for him to take her.

"Oooh," Trisha cooed, encouraging him. "Then come on! You're the only one that can satisfy me! Please! I'm so horny and I just want you inside of me!" The cheerleader began to unbutton her tiny shorts. God...he's taking so long!

"O...okay..."

"You can tell all your friends about the hot cheerleader you fucked. Tell them how dirty it was." She looked back at him, and saw that he was slowly unzipping his pants with a trembling hand.

"That's it!" She smiled up at him, excited, as she yanked her shorts and her thong down to her ankles. "Fuck me hard, make me call out..." Trisha paused, then peered at the nametag on his shirt. She couldn't read it. "What's your name?"

"Uh...George."

"Oh, okay." Trisha giggled, and a powerful thrill slithered through her body. How slutty of me...not even knowing his name! "Then make me call out your name, George! Hurry!" She wiggled her naked ass at him.

Still unsure of himself, George stepped forward, guiding his throbbing dick towards Trisha's ass. Slowly, the boy lowered his dick towards Trisha's eager cunt and tenderly began to push inside of her.

"Oooh...yeah...there you go..." Trisha's entire body shuddered in pleasure as her pussy finally got what it wanted – the hard dick pushing inside of her, stretching her and filling her needs. He continued to push, but very slowly, his cock sliding in bit by bit. More, damnett...more! Her body was practically bursting with lust and impatience.

"Harder..." She whimpered softly. Within seconds, she lost her patience. The cheerleader reached back to grab his thighs with both hands and forcefully thrust him forward. She heard George gasp as his entire dick plunged into her, sending a wild, powerful rush of pleasure through her aching twat.

"YEAH!" Trisha cried out loud. "That's it, baby! Fuck me!"

George began to rock in and out of her, thrusting clumsily, trying to obey her. His cock slowly slid in and out of her pussy.

"Harder!" She cried out again, begging him. "Harder! Please, harder!" Her hands clamped down on his thighs, pulling him toward her, yanking his legs back and forth, making his dick plunge in and out of her impatient cunt.

"Holy...holy shit..." George was panting, his legs jerked back and forth, his dick pushed in and out of this unknown girl's twat, piercing into her. Trisha moaned, closing her eyes and relishing the feel of her pussy being stretched and filled. That dick felt so good, opening and filling her, and the cheerleader slowly began to rock back against him, grinding into his cock, desperate for more. Oh God...if only he would go faster! 

George gasped again. "Agh...ahh..." He tried his best.

"Deeper! Harder!" she called out, and this time her hands clamped down on his ass, jamming him inside her, and finally, George seemed to get the hang of it. She felt his hands grasp her tiny waist, and he began to thrust hard, plunging his tool deep into her swollen twat, impaling her, his balls slapping against her pussy lips with each pound. Immediately, the pleasure exploded across the cheerleader's body. She arched her back and her face flushed with joy as she felt George's dick ram hard and fast, finally fucking her with the force that she needed.

"Oh God!! YES!" Trisha planted her hands back on the filthy toilet seat, pumping her petite body against George's dick, slamming her hips into a powerful collision with his, her hair and her tits flopping. It was the only thing she could feel now, that wonderful rock-hard dick, filling her, stretching her hot, bulging pussy.

"Ahh...holy shit..." George was gasping for breath, his legs working hard, pistoning his dick in and out of the cheerleader. Trisha crouched low over the toilet, keeping her ass hoisted, gripping the toilet for support as she wildly drove herself against his thusting hips. Her boots scuffed and scraped against the floor as she bent her legs and pumped George's dick, engulfing it in her soaked twat. They were bucking so hard that the loud, fleshy slap of their hips colliding was echoing through the bathroom, and Trisha delighted in the sound, squealing out loud in pleasure.

"Yeah, baby! Yeah, that's it!"

Slap slap slap! His hands were tightly gripping her waist now, forcing her backwards, encouraging her to rock towards him even harder, and she did, putting her entire little body into meeting his every thrust with equal strength. God, yes! This is what I'm talking about! He was pounding her hard, and each vigorous thrust sent a spasm of joy speeding through the petite cheerleader.

Slap slap slap!

"Ahhh...ahhh! Holy...holy shiiiitt!!!" George's cock began to throb, and he kept fucking her, hard and fast. Trisha could feel his excitement pulsing through his cock, plunged in her pussy, swollen and throbbing deep inside of her. It spurred her on even more, and she began to buck against him with all her might, impaling herself on his rod, eager to milk his cock, eager to feel him shoot his seed deep inside of her twat. Yesss...yes!!!

"Ahhhh!!!" George cried out, and Trisha's face broke into a satisfied grin as she felt his cock begin to spurt inside her, unloading his cum, hot and thick, filling her eager twat to the brim. He continued to thrust as he came, and the petite cheerleader rocked too, letting his dick plunge into her flooded canal, feeling her own juices mix with his hot spunk. That was fast, she thought to herself, grinning. But I guess I couldn't expect much more.

"Ohh...yeah..." George was hunched over her body, gasping and shuddering, when the door to the bathroom suddenly slammed open.

"George, is that –" The manager of the store stopped in his tracks, his mouth open in mid-sentence. He took the sight in – a cute, petite teenager bent over a filthy toilet seat, her ass raised up in the air, and his own employee with his pants around his knees and his dick deep inside of her.

"What the HELL is going on in here???"

George turned to Trisha, and she saw genuine fear replacing his pleasure and sweeping across his face. He was going to get fired, she realized. She had to do something. Quickly, she stood up, ignoring the loud squelch of George's cock slipping out of her pussy, and turned to face the manager. She gave him a sweet, innocent smile; a smile that she knew could get her out of anything.

"Oh sir...I'm so glad you're here! Shut the door, will ya?"

The manager seemed ready for another outburst, but her comment caught him off guard. He stood silently in shock, staring down at her, not moving. Trisha's tight T-shirt showed off her firm tits and her bare, dainty midriff. Her panties and shorts were still around her ankles, revealing her slender legs and flared hips, her bulging, dripping pussy. The petite cheerleader felt another wicked thrill run through her as his eyes ran over her. When he still wouldn't respond, she shrugged.
