 ***All characters are over 18***

Trisha stood in front of the mirror in her bedroom, chewing her lip, deep in thought. The petite cheerleader was clad in only a bra and a thong, her perky, 32C-cup breasts snug and bulging in their bra, round and ample in contrast to her thin waist. The red thong hugged her slender hips, tight against the faint bulge of Trisha's pussy, the tiny g-string back disappearing between her generous butt cheeks. Her long brown hair was draped over her shoulders and down her back, matching perfectly with her brown eyes. One hand was holding up her cell phone to her cheek. The other was holding a light pink dress against her body, examining it in the mirror.

"I don't know, Britney...maybe I'll just stay in tonight. I was planning on just doing some homework anyway. And I can't decide what to wear." She turned around and tossed the dress onto her bed, next to several others.

"Come on, Trisha! Don't be so boring! It'll be fun. I'll make sure of it. I promise."

Trisha sighed. "Yeah, but...I just don't feel like a party tonight."

"It's not just 'a party,' Trish. It's my party! Think about how awful it will be, if the one weekend my parents are away, the one time I throw a party, my best friend doesn't even show up! I would be sooo sad!"

Trisha laughed. She could almost hear Britney pouting through the telephone. "All right, all right, I'll come. But don't be surprised if I end up holed away in some bedroom."

"No problem, hun. In fact, I'll join you."

Trisha raised an eyebrow. "You will?"

"Yup. It'll be fun. You'll see." There was something strange in Britney's voice, and Trisha knew almost immediately that her friend was planning something. She chose to ignore it though, and wandered over to her closet.

"So what should I wear?"

"How about your white dress? The strapless one. It's really cute."

Trisha shook her head, pawing through her closet. "No...I don't think so. Hey, what about my black dress?

"Which one?"

Trisha pulled it out from the closet, examining it. "The short one. That I bought with you last week. You found it for me, remember?"

"Oh, yeah! Hell yeah, Trish! Feeling extra slutty tonight, huh?"

The cheerleader shrugged. "I guess." She walked back over to the mirror. "I have to change bras though."

"Well hurry up! Come over soon, okay?"

"Okay, I will." Trisha hung up and put her cell phone and the dress down on the bed. She reached behind her back and unclasped her bra, slipping it off her dainty shoulders, and pulled out a strapless one from her dresser. Then she went back to the mirror, staring at her reflection, still thinking. She did feel like staying in tonight, but that wasn't the only reason Trisha was reluctant to go to Britney's party. Ever since she had told her friend about Dan, the lifeguard, and Britney had asked her to not see him again, Trisha had felt that their friendship had changed. She was much too scared to ask the head cheerleader about it again, and Britney definitely didn't bring it up herself. And it wasn't anything Britney had done; if anything, the head cheerleader was the exact same, acting as if they had never talked about it. But for some reason, Trisha felt a bit different. Maybe it's all in my head. I've been so anxious the last couple weeks. Still...it's not like Britney to say something like that. She's always encouraging me to go out and meet other guys, not stay away from them. I wonder what happened between them...

Trisha shook her head, feeling her wavy brown hair flopping against her cheeks. Forget it. I just want to have fun tonight. I don't want to think about any of this.  She offered a reassuring smile at herself in the mirror, examining the sight of her reflection. A petite cheerleader smiled back at her, barely over five feet, looking dainty and sweet, just as innocent as the next eighteen-year-old girl, with bright brown eyes and a pouty smile. Her bare legs were slender and smooth, freshly shaved, curving into her hips, which tapered into her slim, taut waist. Her bare tits were round and firm, her nipples soft and red in the mirror. Trisha raised her strapless bra to her chest, watching her boobs bulge up against each other, two firm mounds, as she secured them in the cups. She grabbed the dress from her bed and held it up once more in the mirror. Just have fun!

***

The petite cheerleader turned off the car and got out, feeling the cool evening breeze sweep across her skin. It was almost May, and it felt like summertime. Trisha smiled at the thought, and absentmindedly she smoothed out her dress. Britney was right, she admitted to herself; the dress was a little slutty. Short and slinky, it was the perfect little black dress for the cheerleader, displaying her petite frame and tight body. Flirty spaghetti straps held up a plunging V-neck, and the shelf of Trisha's perky, 32C boobs peeked out the generous dip in the middle. The fabric was soft and thin and clung to her body, accentuating every part of the cheerleader's slender curves, showing off her ample chest, snug around her narrow waist, hugging it as it gently curved into her flared hips, stopping only a couple inches below her ass and showing off Trisha's slender, bare legs. The cheerleader adjusted the straps of her black stiletto heels, took a deep breath, and walked to Britney's door, the loud click of her heels echoing on the walk as she rang the doorbell.

"Heya, Trish! Bout time, you slowpoke!" Trisha' friend Britney, the head cheerleader, looked stunning as always. Her long, curly blonde hair draped down her shoulders and her chest, framing a pair of brilliant blue eyes and a smile that seemed as if it was half-made of mischief. Britney was wearing a silky, dark green blouse that clung to her gorgeous frame; the dipping neckline was more than generous, revealing a good third of her massive, double-D chest, two sloping mounds and the bulging crease in between. Her skirt was black and tight, reaching down to her knees with a long, thin slit up one side, finished off by a pair of knee-high, high-heeled boots. The outfit was perfect for Britney. It showed off the head cheerleader's massive chest and her thin waist at the same time, and the skirt made her long, smooth, slender legs look even more endless. Trisha grinned up at her friend (Britney was several inches taller than her) and stepped inside.

"Jesus Christ, hun!" Britney's gaze swept down Trisha's body, admiring the petite girl, looking even more slinky and slim in her little black minidress. "Trying to make the rest of us girls jealous, huh?"

Trisha laughed and rolled her eyes. "You're one to talk, Brit! Wow, there's a lot of people here!"

"Yeah." Britney threaded her way through the crowd of people in the hallway, Trisha hurrying to follow. "But most of them are just here for the free booze."

Trisha laughed as she followed Britney into the kitchen. The petite cheerleader couldn't help noticing that every pair of male eyes locked onto the two of them as they walked, attracted first to the sight of the leggy blonde, her massive tits bobbing, and then lingering on the dainty, cute little brunette following closely behind, wearing a short dress that made every one of their cocks hard just thinking about the body beneath it.

There were more people in the kitchen, and a bunch of girls that Trisha recognized from the cheerleading squad. As she entered into the room, they looked up and smiled at her, waving. Trisha smiled and waved back. They must have heard about what I did for Mandy... The petite cheerleader shifted uneasily on her heels as Britney busied herself with drinks. A second later, the head cheerleader handed Trisha a glass of orange liquid.

"What is it?" She sniffed it, and took a tiny sip.

Britney laughed. "It's a screwdriver, Trish. Vodka and orange juice. It's good, I promise. I'll show you around." The two cheerleaders threaded their way back through the crowd. The sound of people talking and laughing was loud, and beer bottles were everywhere. In another room, music was booming out of a pair of speakers. Trisha followed Britney up the stairs. The head cheerleader was pointing out her own bedroom and the master bedroom when the doorbell rang.

"Oops! Scuze me, hun." The head cheerleader hurried out of the room, her heels digging into the stiff carpet. 

Trisha wandered into the empty master bedroom, pausing in front of the dresser. There was a family picture on top of it, and it looked pretty old. A smiling man and woman were holding hands, and in front of them was a short, adorable little blonde. It was Britney, probably six or seven years ago. Trisha giggled as she stared at her friend. I wonder how long ago she was with Dan...

The cheerleader turned around as she heard footsteps behind her. Britney laughed. "Wow, you weren't fucking kidding. You're just gonna spend all night in my parents' room, huh?"

"Shut up! I was just looking at your picture." Trisha pointed at the dresser.

Britney laughed. "Yeah, yeah. Sure. You know what? Stay here. I'm not expecting too many more people. I'll be right back."

Trisha nodded and went back to staring at the picture. I wonder what Britney was like before...was she just like me? A good girl? Or was she always naughty? I should ask her.

Barely moments later, the door opened again, and Trisha grinned as Britney reappeared. But then her face turned to surprise: there were two guys walking into the room behind her, both looking tall and in their mid-20s. Trisha didn't know who they were, but from the way some of them were glancing at Britney, she could guess what they were here for. Uh oh...

"Boys," Britney said, with a mischevious smile. "May I present Trisha."

The petite cheerleader couldn't help blushing as she felt two pairs of eyes hungrily take in the sight of her; barely five feet tall, with the cute face and pouty lips of an innocent eighteen-year-old, in a dress that showed off her perky tits and stopped near the tops of her thighs, and tightly hugged every inch of her dainty, slender body. Trisha nervously stepped forward and shook both of their hands as they grinned down at her. Even though she was in her heels, they all still towered over her, and she could tell from the sweep of their gaze that they must have a great view down her low-cut dress, partially covering her chest, two generous mounds bulging out in her push-up bra. She shifted on her feet as she offered a smile up at them, feeling her slender hips swing as she did it, and the tight fabric of the dress's hem slide across her bare thighs.

The taller one was named John, who had dark brown hair; the shorter one was Paul, who had sandy blonde hair and blue eyes the same color as Britney's. Trisha's eyes shifted nervously back and forth between them, before finally settling on her friend.

"I was right, wasn't I?" the head cheerleader said, laughing. "She's so fucking cute."

"Yeah," John agreed. "She's a sweet little thing."

'Anyway, Trish, I think John and Paul and I are going to have some fun. Why don't you stick around?" Britney tossed her long blonde hair casually as she said it, as if she was simply asking Trisha if she wanted another drink or something to eat.

"Um...I..." Trisha was taken by surprise. "You mean you're going to...um..."

"Fuck?" Britney laughed out loud, saying the word that Trisha had stopped on. "Yeah, hun, that's pretty much the idea." From the grins on John's and Paul's faces, Trisha could tell that this was a regular occurrence.

"Oh..." Trisha shifted uneasily on her heels. "Um...I guess I should go, then..." Another night, she might have wanted to join in, but tonight she wasn't feeling up to it. I only came in the first place cause Britney wanted me to...And I told her that, too! She started to head towards the door, feeling a bit awkward and out of her element. But before she could get there, Britney stopped her.

"No way, Trish! Stay with us!"

"W...what?" Trisha looked up at her friend, surprised.

"What's wrong, Trish?" Britney grinned down at her friend, and her voice lowered to a whisper, just between the two of them. "I thought you wanted to 'relax' tonight..."

"That's not what I meant!" Trisha whispered back. "I just...um...have fun, Brit. I'll be downstairs." She tried to open the door a second time.

"Okay," the head cheerleader said, nodding, her blonde curls swaying around her gorgeous face. "Fine." Trisha was surprised. he's not going to try to convince me? That's not like Britney... "But can you stay anyway?"

"Huh?" The petite cheerleader looked up, confused. That's kind of weird, isn't it?

"Well...I'm kind of worried people will come in and interrupt us, you know? Do you mind?"

Trisha hesitated for a moment, then nodded. When Britney asked her to join in, she knew it was for wild, dirty sex – the kind that her friend always loved, and the kind that Trisha didn't feel like tonight. But asking her to stick around and watch for other partiers – that was just one cheerleader asking another to look out for her. I might as well...after all, it is her party.

"Thanks," Britney said, grinning, and she turned back to face the two men in the middle of the room, waiting. Trisha quietly made her way to the bed, sitting down on the corner and crossing her legs, her feet dangling a couple inches above the floor, trying her best to tug the hem of her snug minidress back down her thighs.

"Well, boys," Britney announced, louder this time. "Looks like it'll be just a threesome tonight."

"Aww," Paul said, laughing as he turned to Trisha. "What a party pooper!"

The petite cheerleader gave a shy smile in response, her eyes dropping to the bedspread. Geez...you don't have to make me feel so guilty!

"Nah, it's okay," Britney said, grinning. "I was looking forward to getting a workout anyway." Without another word, she sunk to her knees on the carpet, in the middle of her parents' bedroom, and winked up at both of them. Her tight skirt was now wrapped snugly around her long legs, the heels of her boots sticking up in the air. "Who's first?"

"John won the coin toss," Paul said, looking glum. Britney and John both laughed as he walked over to the bed too, joining Trisha.

The head cheerleader was now on her hands and knees, her skirt tight around her ass, her massive tits bulging precariously out of her blouse, the V-neck drooping below her gorgeous body and barely covering her boobs. Trisha watched in amazement as the head cheerleader happily parted her lips and stuck out her tongue, without a single word or introduction, her bright blue eyes coaxing John's cock inside her wet mouth. He wasted no time accepting the invitation, quickly stepping forward and jutting his hips forward, plunging his length halfway into her lips. Britney accepted him with no trouble, wrapping her mouth around his shaft, gulping him in and sucking softly. Her bright blue eyes fixed on his, sparkling and eager as she bobbed forward, slurping loudly, pushing herself down on his cock. The head cheerleader rocked herself back and forth on her hands, her blonde hair swaying back and forth, draped down her shoulders and just barely sweeping the carpet as she slid up and down on John's rod.

From her vantage point on the bed, Trisha could easily see his cock disappear between Britney's wet, soaked lips, his shaft glistening with her saliva. No matter how many times she saw her, Trisha always marveled at the sight of Britney; so tall and stunning, her smooth legs perfectly long and slender, her figure an hourglass, a pair of round, bouncing tits topping a slim waist and a curvaceous ass. Her curly blonde hair seemed to shimmer as it slid back and forth on her slender shoulders. Any other time, Trisha would have thought she was a model. Now, though, she looked more like a porn star, on her hands and knees in the middle of her parents' bedroom, slurping up and down on John's dick like it was the most delicious thing she'd ever tasted, gulping his length down with enough ease to show that she had much more than her fair share of experience.

"Oh...oh...fuck, Britney...get that dick, yeah..." John murmured, staring down at the curvy blonde, taking in the sight of her ass raised in the air, her legs curved out below her, her mischievous eyes feasting on the sight of his meat as she gulped it down.

"Mmmm..." The head cheerleader was moaning too – soft, low groans of pleasure, letting everyone know just how much she loved the taste and the feel of a cock deep in her mouth. A second later, Britney plunged forward, and John gasped as the head cheerleader's plump lips swallowed his cock whole, gliding down to his pubes. Her tongue snaked out from below his thick rod and began to lightly lap at his balls as he groaned. Britney's forehead was now pressed against his belly button, her nose squished against his crotch as she buried his length in her throat.

"Uhhh...fuck yeah! Just like that!"

Trisha couldn't help craning her neck to watch. The head cheerleader was incredible; even as she kept John's cock buried in her throat, she was now thrusting back at his hips, ramming her face into his crotch, her lips gulping and slurping as drool dribbled down his balls. Wow...she can really hold her breath for a long time. Trisha thought in amazement, admiring her friend's skill, watching her gorgeous frame stretched out on the floor, her entire body put into sucking John's cock. She's so hot... Trisha couldn't help thinking. I wonder if I look that hot when I'm throating someone's cock. Britney's feet were raised so that her boots were dangling in the air, her back arched, her hands gripping the carpet hard in her effort to throat the cock as long as possible. I hope I do!

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the head cheerleader wrenched herself off John's dick, her tits bobbing as she gasping for breath, grinning up at him. Even as she panted, she reached up with one hand, took hold of his soaked dick, and began to slap it against her slobbery lips. Across the room, Trisha could hear the slap! slap! slap! of his hard cock against her soft lips.

"Like that, sweetie?" the head cheerleader cooed.

"Ohh...fuck...yeah!" John was panting too, Trisha realized, in pure lust for the head cheerleader's body. Fascinated, she watched as he wrapped both hands around the back of Britney's head, grabbing two full handfuls of her gorgeous blonde hair, and forcefully pulled her forward, shoving his cock back between her lips without even asking, without even making sure she had caught her breath. In response, the head cheerleader let out a loud moan of pleasure, and immediately sank him back down into her throat, locking her lips around the base of his shaft like a wet suction ring.

The look in his eyes... Trisha thought to herself as he watched John fuck the breathless blonde's face. He looks so hungry...so animalistic... She wouldn't have been surprised if John had just grabbed Britney by the hips, ripped off all her clothes, and shoved his cock into her pussy – he seemed to be right on that edge. For several more seconds, he plunged his cock down Britney's throat, the head cheerleader moaning and gurgling, her hands now tightly gripping the carpet, her chest heaving, her body involuntarily squirming in effort on the floor.

At last, the head cheerleader reached up and slapped John hard on his thigh. He immediately responded by letting go of Britney, letting the blonde pull herself back off his cock, gasping and coughing, drawing in air as fast as she could. Her chin was now coated in drool, and Trisha could see that a long stream of it was dribbling off of the tip of John's cock too, splashing on the carpet of Britney's parents' bedroom. But before the head cheerleader could take more than two or three breaths, John had once again grabbed her by the hair, and plunged his meat back between her lips, balls-deep, filling her throat. And once again, Britney responded with a loud, muffled moan of pleasure, loving every second of it, even as the rest of her body instinctively squirmed and struggled against the thick cock cutting off her breathing.
