 "Trish! Hey, Trisha! Wait up!"

Trisha turned around at the sound of the voice, and saw Britney hurrying towards her. The head cheerleader looked just as drop-dead gorgeous as always, her long legs stretching out from a denim miniskirt, her massive tits swaying in a lacy, low-cut tank top. But all Trisha could do was stare down at her feet in shame. I betrayed Britney…I went back and fucked Dan…after she asked me not to! She's never asked me to stay away from any other guy, except Dan, and…and I couldn't even do that.

The worst part was that it hadn't been just once, either. On Friday night, Trisha had shown up on his doorstep, in a little black minidress, so wildly horny that she had practically begged him to fuck her right there and then. The scene was so clear in her mind the next morning; Dan bending her over the balcony, pounding into her as she whimpered and wailed for all his neighbors to hear. The cheerleader had been so desperate for a good fucking that she hadn't bothered to take her dress or her high heels off – she hadn't even pulled her panties all the way down her legs, leaving them stuck around her bare thighs as she grinded her petite body against his hips.

Just one night, Trisha could have disregarded as a mistake; a momentary lapse of judgment. But the next day, he had sent her another text message. And the next day, another one. Both times, as soon as she flipped open her cell phone and saw his number, her legs went weak and her pussy grew wet. Just the thought of him was enough to turn her on; him, and his massive cock, pounding into her with such rough ferocity.

She still couldn't get over the shame of lying to Britney – after everything she'd done for Trisha, this was her reward? Each time, she had paced around her room for an hour, vowing to stay loyal to Britney, vowing to show some willpower and never see Dan again. But there was something about the lifeguard that Trisha just couldn't resist. Something about him just brings the inner slut out in me. I don't even know what it is. Maybe it's the way he just takes me…just grabs me and shoves me down without even asking…the way he pounds into me like we're just animals, like I'm just a nasty slut to be fucked… On Saturday, he had bent her over his sofa and stuffed her twat full, making her scream with joy at his deep, thick thrusts. On Sunday, he had pulled out at the last second and came in her mouth, stabbing his meat deep between her lips without asking, watching her slurp up her own pussy juices, grinning down at her as she gulped down his length and swallowed his seed.

Now, as she stood outside the girls' locker room, watching Britney walk towards her, all Trisha could feel was guilt. What's the matter with me?? How could I be such an awful friend?

"Hey hun, just wanted to say sorry about the party on Friday. That was my first party that's been busted, so I flipped out a bit. You okay?"

"Oh…don't worry about it, Brit," Trisha said, trying to offer her best smile. "It was no big deal. Was everything okay?"

"Yep." Britney tossed her long blonde hair and grinned. "I had to suck a couple cocks to keep everything quiet. But hey, it's part of being a good host, right?"

She winked, and Trisha had to laugh. Tell her! A voice rang out in her head. I have to tell her! She's my best friend!

"Something wrong, Trish?" Britney asked. "You look like something's on your mind."

"I…um…" Trisha stared back down at her feet. I didn't even want to go to her party in the first place…and if I hadn't gone, I wouldn't have gone to Dan's… But the cheerleader knew that was just an excuse. I have to tell her!

At that moment, Trisha heard footsteps behind her. It was Mandy, carrying her gym bag, smiling at the two of them. Her short blonde hair was pulled back in a hairband, framing her friend's dimpled cheeks and light blue eyes. "Hey Trish. Hi, Britney." Trisha knew that Mandy still didn't like the head cheerleader, but in the last few weeks she could tell that Mandy was trying her best to warm up to Britney.

"You ready to go?" Mandy asked, staring at Trisha.

"Oh yeah," Britney said, nodding. "I forgot JV had practice right now." She smiled at Trisha. "Okay, we'll talk later, hun. See you guys!"

"What were you talking about?" asked Mandy, as the two cheerleaders headed into the locker room.

"Oh…it was nothing," Trisha said, sighing and offering a smile.

"You sure?" Mandy's face was all eagerness and trust, looking to support her friend. She was only slightly taller than Trisha, and just as petite, so the two girls were almost level as they walked.

"Yeah," Trisha nodded. She smiled, but her spirit was falling. "It's nothing."

***

But Mandy always had a knack for cheering Trisha up. By the time she had finished dressing for practice with the rest of the squad, Trisha was already in a better mood.

"Yeah…I'm really excited to graduate too, but I wish we were going to the same college!" Mandy sighed as she closed her locker and bent over to retie her shoelaces.

Trisha was wiggling her slim hips as she tugged her cheerleaders' miniskirt over her waist, smoothing out the pleats, feeling them dangle over her ass, tickling the tops of her thighs. She smiled. "It'll be okay Mandy…we'll talk on the phone and everything!" Even with everything else that was going on in the cheerleader's life, she was happy for one thing: Mandy seemed back to normal, and they were friends again.

Mandy smiled back. "Yeah, of course!" The two girls were the last ones to finish dressing in their uniforms; a snug, tight blouse stretched over their little figures and a pleated miniskirt that swayed as they headed towards the locker room door. Just then, something chirped from Trisha's locker.

"Oops. That's my cell phone." Trisha quickly hurried back, her miniskirt flopping back and forth over her thighs, pulling open her locker to glance at the phone. It was a text message. And it was from Dan.

"Come meet me. I'll be in the parking lot in ten minutes."

Trisha gasped. He's coming here?? In the middle of school?

"Trisha?" Mandy was holding the door open, waiting for her. "What's wrong?"

"Oh…sorry. Just a message from my mom." Trisha glanced down at her cell phone. Not now…come on, Trisha, don't go to him! Have some willpower! The cheerleader gulped. She already knew what he wanted, and even the thought of it sent a slight shudder of eagerness through her body. But she couldn't go now.

"I have cheerleading practice until 5. I have to change afterwards." 

Then she put the phone back in her locker, and was just about to shut it when the phone rang again; Dan had already replied.

"No. Come out now, slut. Keep your cheerleading outfit on. We'll have some fun."

Trisha closed her eyes. She remembered Dan's words on Friday: he had told Trisha that she was his slut – that she would do whatever he wanted. At the time she had dismissed it; just something that some guy says, in the heat of the moment, trying to talk dirty to her. But now she realized that Dan had been right: here she was, thinking about ditching cheerleading practice just because he asked her to. Don't do it! The cheerleader's mind whirled. It's just sex, for God's sake! Don't do it! But even as she shouted those thoughts in her mind, over and over, she heard herself open her mouth and say:

"Um…Mandy, sorry but I think I'll be a few minutes late. Can you tell Coach Pennings?"

Mandy smiled. "Yeah, no problem Trisha. See you in a bit!" Then she was gone, her short blonde hair a blur flying out the door. Trisha took a deep breath, then grabbed her purse and her phone, and headed towards the door too. She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror: a petite cheerleader, barely over five feet tall, with a slender body, light brown eyes and a pouty face framed by wavy brown hair that tumbled over her shoulders. Her cheerleader's blouse was tight and snug, hugging her dainty frame. Her 32C-cup tits bulged against the stretchy fabric, and her slim waist was exposed too; the top stopped an inch or too above her belly button. The pleats of her cheerleading miniskirt swished around her thighs, accentuating her firm ass, curvy in contrast to her slender waist and legs.

Trisha took a deep sigh, then slowly walked out the door. She was lying to both Britney and Mandy now, but somehow, the only thing that she could concentrate on was the thought of Dan's dick, pounding deep inside of her…

***

The cheerleader's guilt followed her all the way into the parking lot. Even as Dan's car pulled up to the curb, half of her wanted to run away, back to the football field, back to her friends. All I feel now is guilty…I can't take it! But then the window slid down, and she caught a glance of Dan's face.

The lifeguard was wearing a pair of sunglasses, his mouth fixed in a big smile, his hair short and curly. His tan, muscular body was clothed in a plain T-shirt and ripped jeans. It's funny… Trisha thought as she climbed into his car. This isn't how I picture Dan at all. When she thought of Dan, all she saw in her mind was how he looked when he was fucking her – naked and sweaty, fierce, with an almost crazed look on his face as he bent over her. It was weird to see him clothed and normal, looking like a regular person. She almost didn't recognize him.

"Wow." Dan was stealing sidelong glances at her as he drove. "Damn, Trisha. I don't remember these outfits when I was in school. You look very cute, my slut."

As soon as the car had pulled away from the curb, Dan's hand was already on the cheerleader's slender, bare thigh, gently stroking it, sliding under the pleated hem of Trisha's miniskirt. Instantly, the girl's frustration with herself began to melt away, and she let out a soft sigh and shuddered slightly at the feeling of his hand. She couldn't help it; her body had already come to identify the touch of his hand with the feeling of his cock inside of her, it was already anticipating another incredible orgasm. Part of her was still desperately trying to remember her broken promise to Britney, her lies to Mandy. But it was so hard to think of anything but his hand, sliding so close to her pussy, and his body, pressing her down and pumping deep inside of her.

Oh, by the way," Dan grinned as he turned onto another street. "We're going to a motel room. It's only a few blocks away."

"Oh…we are? Why can't we just…ohhh…." Trisha never got to finish her question. Dan's hand had slid further up her legs, brushing against her panties, teasing the snug, bulging pussy beneath it. The cheerleader whimpered softly as the lifeguard's hand lightly stroked back and forth, egging her on with slight touches against her cunt, already growing wet. Trisha didn't manage another question for the rest of the car ride.

***

"We're here." Dan's car pulled to a stop in a small parking lot. Trisha was grinding gently on the passenger car seat, her legs tense and spread wide, her eyes closed and her bottom lip trembling. Dan's hand was still buried under her skirt, nestled in her panties, and the cheerleader's twat was dripping wet, her entire body burning with her desire for more after being teased the entire car ride over.

Thank God! Trisha opened the car door and was about to leap out, when Dan suddenly grabbed her shoulder, and began pulling something over her eyes.

"Wha…what's going on?"

"It's a blindfold," the lifeguard said, grinning. "I'm putting it on."

"Wait…w-why…" Trisha wanted to ask him why she had to wear a blindfold, or even to tell him to stop. But it was so damn hard to piece together a sentence with his fingers buried in her pussy, dipping so deliciously in her tender, soaked flesh, rubbing through her panties, teasing her petite body with jolts and twinges of pleasure. Instead, she was silent as Dan finished pulling the cloth over her eyes. All she could see now was black, and she waited silently in the car until she felt Dan's hands around her dainty waist, guiding her out of the car.

The cheerleader could feel the sun on her skin as she let Dan guide her across the parking lot, her miniskirt flouncing around her ass. His hands were around her waist, and even as they walked together, she felt his fingers sliding down, sneaking under the waistband of her cheerleading skirt. Her body flushed at his touch and her pussy cried out for more, but she squirmed in protest.

"Dan!" she said, softly. "People can see!"

"There's no one here, Trisha," he whispered back, and his hand slid an inch further under her miniskirt, lightly grazing her panties, his fingertips deliciously close to her soft cunt

"Ohh…" she whimpered, "…no, Dan, stop!"

"All right, all right," he said. "The room's here."

Trisha heard a door creak open, and Dan guided her in, shutting it behind them. As soon as the door clicked shut, the cheerleader felt both of his hands slide further into her skirt, pressing gently against her soaked cunt. Alone at last, no longer out in the open, Trisha gave in to her lust, and she sank back against Dan and softly moaned her pleasure.

"Ohhhh yesss…" The cheerleader began to lightly grind against Dan's prowling fingers, pressing them even deeper into her twat, shivering with the twinges of pleasure that ran through her slender frame.

"Take off your panties, Trisha," Dan commanded, his fingers still deep in her cunt, gently grinding into her.

Still blindfolded, the cheerleader hurriedly obeyed, slipping her hands under her miniskirt, blindly fumbling for her panties until she found the hem, then tugging them quickly down her bare, slender legs. Daintily, she stepped out of them one foot at a time, untangling them from her tennis shoes, leaving them in a little pile below her feet.

"That's a good girl, Trisha," Dan said softly, still behind her. His fingers were now sliding up against her naked, tender cunt, fluttering her skirt's pleats as they moved, teasing her, barely pressing into the tender flesh even though she ached for more. "Does it feel good?"

"Yes…yes…" Trisha whimpered into the darkness. "God, it feels amazing…"

"Do you want to be fucked too, Trisha? Do you want a good, long fucking?"

"Yes…" Trisha nodded, lost in the feeling of his fingers in her cunt. She gave in to the pleasure, letting it wash over her body, building inside of her, filling her with a hungry excitement, picturing the wild, fierce fucking she was about to receive. Her breathing was fast, her entire body quivered with lust. "Please, Dan…" She heard a soft snicker as she shamelessly begged him. It was from Dan, of course – who else would it be? – but it didn't quite sound like him.

"You know, Trisha," Dan said, chuckling. "I don't know if one cock is enough for a slut like you. You might need many cocks, to please you."

Huh? Trisha blinked against the blindfold, confused. "I…um…"

The cheerleader was leaning against Dan now, her legs spread and trembling, her own hand now wrapped around his and guiding it even deeper into her cunt, driving further towards her carnal desire. Trisha was panting quietly, grinding and rocking her slender hips against his hand. She heard a snicker again, from Dan, but then she heard something else. It was another laugh, but it was slightly different; the voice was slightly higher, and more distant. It sounded like someone else. Something wasn't right. Even through the cloud of her lust, Trisha started to feel nervous.

"Dan…? What…what's going on?"

"Take a look, Trisha." And with that, the lifeguard swept off the blindhold.

Trisha blinked a couple times, and then gasped. The motel room was cramped, with a single bed in the center. She and Dan were on one side of the bed, near the door. On the other side, half a dozen guys, all about the same age as Dan, were standing and watching her, grinning. The cheerleader recognized one or two of them from the beach, and she suddenly realized that they must be other lifeguards. Dan's friends from work.

Oh my God! The petite cheerleader blushed a fierce crimson as she felt six pairs of eyes sweep up and down her body. She could see the desire in each of their faces as they took in the sight: an eighteen-year-old cheerleader, barely five feet tall, with a slender waist and hips, and a perky, 32C set of tits. Her cheerleaders' blouse was tight against her chest, and her boobs bulged out at them, two round, soft handfuls rising from a slim, petite figure. The zippered top stopped a couple inches above her hips, showing off her smooth, taut waist. Her discarded panties were piled on the floor between her feet, so they all knew that her naked cunt was covered only by her pleated miniskirt, fluttering out around her ass, stopping near the tops of her thighs and showing off her dainty legs. Trisha was still trembling against Dan, leaning against him as he plunged his fingers into her pussy, so wet with lust that she could feel some of her juices dribbling down her uncovered leg. Her sweet, girl-next-door face was locked in an expression of desperate lust. She was overwhelmed with lit, but even so, she couldn't ignore her embarrassment.

"Dan…what's g-going on…?" She stammered out. What's happening?? Were they waiting for us? "I…don't under – "

But Trisha never got to finish the sentence. Dan shoved her forward, and the cheerleader let out a yelp as she tumbled onto the bed, catching herself on her hands. The lifeguard's strong arms quickly grasped her legs and lifted them onto the bed. Then he hitched up her cheerleader's miniskirt, flipping it over her waist. Trisha was now positioned doggy-style on the bed, on her hands and knees, her naked, soaked pussy waiting for him. Her mind was divided, half of it still clouded with lust, half now wild with fright and confusion. The cheerleader turned her head to face Dan.

"Dan…" she pleaded again, trying her best to contain her lust, to stop the scene before it got out of control. "What are they doing here..? What's going on?"

Dan just unbuckled his belt and dropped his pants, and even in her fright Trisha felt her heart skip a beat at the familiar sight of his gorgeous cock, thick and hard, ready for her once again. He laughed. "They're all here to give you what you need, Trisha. Every one of them."

The rest of the men laughed too, and Trisha turned back to see that they were beginning to surround her, some walking around the bed, some climbing next to her on top of it. The cheerleaders' eyes widened in shock. What??? What did Dan tell them about me?? Are they expecting me to…to…and with all of them??

But she already knew the answer. One of the lifeguards, who had clambered onto the bed in front of her, was now unzipping his fly, and Trisha could see a large bulge emerge as he stared down at her petite frame. At the same moment, she felt Dan's hands on her waist, and then that familiar, wonderful feeling: the tip of his cock against her cunt, positioned and ready to stuff her full, filling her body with an animalistic hunger. But the cheerleader's mind was whirling, and she tried to concentrate. This is crazy! There's seven of them!! What do they expect me to do??

She couldn't come up with anything to do but stare in shocked silence as the unknown lifeguard in front of her pulled down his pants, revealing a thick, throbbing cock. He was grinning down at her, sprawled across the bed on her hands and knees, as he slowly inched forward until the tip of his meat was inches from her lips.
