 ***All characters are over 18***

Trisha was seated on Britney's bed, her eyes down on her lap. The petite cheerleader's legs didn't reach the floor, so her feet dangled in the air, her flip-flops ajar. She had pulled her long, wavy brown hair into a long ponytail that dangled down her slim back, between the straps of her lacy tank top. Her hands were folded quietly in her lap, resting on top of her miniskirt.

Britney was leaning against her desk. The head cheerleader's shimmering blonde hair dangled down her gorgeous body, framing her round, double-D chest, bulging in her plunging V-neck blouse. Her long, slim legs were crossed one over the other, clad only in a pair of denim shorts and ankle-high boots. Every time Trisha saw her friend, she couldn't help admiring Britney's incredible figure – her plump, heaving tits, her tiny waist, her firm, perky ass poking out of the bottom of her shorts. But this time, Trisha could only manage to stare at Britney for a second before quickly looking back down at her lap, ashamed.

She had just told Britney – at last – everything about Dan. She had planned everything out so carefully with Mandy, making sure to include that she felt terrible about the whole thing, that she hated Dan for getting in between them. And she really did. Trisha was sick of feeling guilty every time she saw her best friend: the friend who had helped her change from a shy cheerleader into a happy, fun girl. She just wanted the whole thing to be over. But as soon as she started speaking, she felt so ashamed. It was such a simple request: just stay away from Dan! There are so many other boys out there…why couldn't I just keep my promise? Trisha shook her head as she felt her cheeks redden.

"Brit…I…I…" Trisha looked up a second time, gulping, feeling tears starting to form in her eyes.

"Trisha, it's okay." The head cheerleader interrupted her. Britney wasn't smiling, but her blue eyes didn't look mad. "I…know you feel bad about it. That means a lot."

"I'm a terrible friend!" Trisha blurted out; she couldn't keep it in any longer. "I know I shouldn't have done it…and I shouldn't have lied to you…and I should have told you right away…and…and I'm sorry!"

"Trish, you've said sorry like a million fucking times," Britney said, sounding a little amused. "Look…I'm not thrilled about all this, obviously. I mean, you shouldn't have done it."

Trisha quickly looked back down at her miniskirt, her vision starting to grow blurry as more tears formed. She tried her best to keep it quiet, but couldn't stop a small sniffle.

"But…" Britney sighed. "…I know you know it was wrong. And I know that you won't do it again. So…"

For a few seconds there was silence in the room, with Trisha staring down at her legs dangling off the bed, and Britney standing, staring at Trisha. At last, despite herself, the cheerleader looked up. "So…?"

"So…I forgive you, I guess is all I'm trying to say." Finally, Britney smiled.

That's it??? For a moment, Trisha forgot to feel guilty; she was just shocked. Britney had done so much for Trisha; befriended her, supported her when she needed help, always working to lure the shy brunette out of her shell. This was the only thing she had ever asked Trisha to do, and the cheerleader couldn't even do that in return. Trisha suddenly realized that this made it even worse – Britney shouldn't be forgiving her this easily. She shouldn't still be so sweet to me when I don't deserve it…it's not fair! She should get mad! She should yell at me!

"Britney…" she protested. "You…I don't…I don't deserve a friend like you!"

Now the head cheerleader laughed, looking embarrassed. "Oh shut up, Trish."

"No, I'm serious! You've done so much for me, and I've never ever done anything for you in return, and you're such a good friend, and I'm a terrible one, and…"

Now all the things that Trisha had prepared, all the things she had planned to use to defend herself when Britney yelled at her came spilling out – even though Britney wasn't angry at all.

"I…I tried, Britney! I really did! I trusted you, and…I tried to ignore him, too! He's always the one who calls me, and shows up to my house, and…look!" Trisha grabbed her cell phone out of her purse and frantically flipped through her text messages till she found one from Dan. She quickly flopped off the bed and hurried over to show Britney.

The head cheerleader glanced at the phone for a few seconds, but then quickly pushed it away. "Trisha, it doesn't matter, I haven't spoken to him in a long time." Trisha quickly lowered her arm. Of course Britney doesn't want to see his message…why would she? I'm being such an idiot!

"Listen to me, Trisha," Britney said, because the petite cheerleader had opened her mouth again, desperate to apologize more. "I…don't really care who's done more for who, okay, hun? I just don't think about it that way. And the thing is…"

The head cheerleader faltered, her gorgeous blue eyes flickering to the floor. "The thing is…it's not like you haven't done anything for me. I mean…you're my friend, aren't you? And I know I don't show it, and I wouldn't change anything about myself even if I could, but…sometimes it gets lonely being the class slut. Sometimes you get fucking tired of all the other girls hating you."

Trisha stared at Britney. She could remember the way the other cheerleaders would always talk about her as soon as she left the room, the way they would all glare at her as she strode confidently down the halls, catching the eyes of all their boyfriends. And then she couldn't help herself: she rushed forward and, standing on her tip-toes, reached up and wrapped her arms around Britney, hugging her much-taller best friend. She could feel tears pooling in her eyes and starting to run down her cheeks.

The head cheerleader jolted in surprise, then burst out laughing, returning the hug. When Trisha finally pulled back and sank back down on her heels, she looked up to see Britney smiling at her, her cheeks red and her eyes also a little watery. The two girls giggled as they grinned at each other.

"You're always so hard on yourself, Trish!" Britney laughed. "You're such a good girl that one little mistake seems like the worst thing in the world to you. There's some Kleenex in my purse, by the way."

Trisha sniffed and laughed too. "Thanks." She suddenly realized that Britney's purse was the same as hers – the two cheerleaders had bought them together. She quickly found the tissues and began to dab at her eyes.

The tall, slender blonde smiled as she watched Trisha. "So…are we okay?"

Trisha quickly nodded. I should be the one asking that! "Yeah, of course! Thank you so much, Britney, you're…you're amazing!"

The head cheerleader laughed. "Shut up, hun. Hey, my parents are gonna be home any minute."

Trisha nodded in understanding, grabbing her purse from Britney's bed, smoothing out her miniskirt as she headed towards the door. "Okay. I'll see you at school, Brit!"

Britney smiled. " See ya, Trish."

Trisha was still sniffling slightly when she reached her car, and she glanced at her reflection in the rearview mirror. Her cheeks were a little red and her eyes were puffy, but besides that it wasn't too bad. Britney is so sweet…much sweeter than I deserve. She should have yelled at me…or called me a bitch, or a backstabber, or something! But she just forgave me. How could I have lied to such a wonderful friend?? She was nearly home when her cell phone rang. It was Mandy.

"Mandy…I…I'm so glad you – "

"Trisha!" Mandy's voice was loud and excited, and the cheerleader had to pull the phone an inch away from her ear. "Oh, Trisha, guess what?? Guess!!!"

Trisha couldn't help smiling. "I don't know, Mandy…what?"

"We did it!!!" Mandy was so loud now that her yell was half-static. "We finally did it! Last night, Jon and I…we…oh, wow, Trisha, it was amazing!"

Trisha gasped. "That's great, Mandy! I'm so happy for you! And it's about time!"

"I know! I could barely wait through dinner, and I was so nervous too, but it was worth it! You should have seen his face, Trisha! I thought he was going to pass out or something!"

The petite cheerleader laughed. Mandy is so cute! "Wow, sounds like you were pretty good, then!"

"Well…" Mandy's voice was still excited and bubbly. "It's all thanks to you, Trish! He could barely speak after I gave him a blowjob."

"No problem, Mandy. Anytime!"

"And then, not only – Hey!" Mandy had suddenly remembered something. "Did you talk to Britney yet?"

"Yeah," Trisha said. "I'm driving home now."

"How'd it go?"

"I don't know…" Trisha sighed. "Britney was so sweet about it…she didn't get mad or anything! She just said she understood, and she forgave me. It was so wonderful of her, and I'm happy that everything is okay now, but at the same time…part of me wishes she had gotten mad!"

"Oh." Mandy's voice was softer now, but Trisha could tell that her friend was trying hard to keep her own excitement in check now. The petite cheerleader smiled; it was hard to feel sad, not while her friend was so excited about having sex with her boyfriend for the first time.

"Don't worry about it, Mandy. You were right, I should have told her sooner. I'm just glad I – oh! Oops!"

"What's wrong?"

Trisha was staring down at her passenger's seat. She had her own cell phone, but it was Britney's purse that was lying next to her. I must have picked hers up on my way out!

"Oh…it's nothing," Trisha told Mandy. "I just grabbed Britney's purse by accident. Geez…and I'm almost home too! I have to bring it back to her."

"Okay," Mandy said. "I'll call you later, okay?"

The cheerleader smiled. "I guess you probably have lots more to tell me, huh?"

"Yep! Bye Trish!" Mandy chirped before she hung up.

Trisha laughed as she began to turn the car around. It seemed impossible to be unhappy now. Talking to Mandy always managed to cheer Trisha up.

***

When the petite cheerleader pulled back up to Britney's curb, she saw that there was another car in the driveway. I guess it's her parents' car. Maybe I should call her just in case. But Britney didn't answer. Oh well.

Trisha headed up the driveway, feeling the warm breeze run through her hair, her miniskirt waving around her legs, Britney's purse slung around her shoulder. Suddenly she stopped, next to the new car next to her friend's. Wait a minute…I recognize this car!

All of a sudden, Trisha felt her heart begin to pound, ready to burst out of her chest. The cheerleader bent down to peer inside the window, her eyes growing wide, completely ignoring her miniskirt starting to flutter up her ass as she did it. Then, she gasped. It's…Dan's car!

She stared a moment longer at the inside, unable to believe it. But it was definitely his; she remembered bending over that exact gear shift, remembered placing her hands on the edges of that driver seat as she leaned over his lap, slurping down his cock. It was definitely Dan's car – how did she not realize it until now? Her mind was whirling. Why is he at Britney's house? I thought she said that they hadn't spoken for years…why would she lie to me?

Trisha's heart was still pounding as she straightened, and turned towards Britney's house. She could feel the pulse thumping in her ears, drowning out the rest of the world. Unless..unless she...or they…no! She wouldn't!

For some reason, she felt something tugging her back towards the car; she felt that she shouldn't go see Britney now, even if she didn't know what was going on inside. But the petite cheerleader felt her legs moving her forward, and before she knew it she was at Britney's door, knocking loudly. Trisha's knees were weak. I know Britney would never do that…but…

There was no answer. Again Trisha knew that she should just leave, but instead she wandered off the doorstep, treading carefully in the soft flowerbed alongside the house until she was outside the kitchen. She had to raise herself on her tip-toes to glance inside the kitchen window.

It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to looking inside, peering through the reflection of the glass into the house. Slowly she began to make out all the shapes of the kitchen: the table, the sink, the refrigerator. And then she saw something moving in the corner of her eye…something rocking rhythmically, looking like it was two shapes…

Trisha gasped, and her heart sank. It was Dan and Britney. Somehow she already knew it before she even recognized them, but even so she had to stare for several seconds before her mind could register it. The tall, busty head cheerleader was standing and bent over the kitchen counter, her hands planted on it, her ass outstretched. She was still wearing her boots, but her top was in a crumpled heap on the floor, and her shorts had been yanked down to her knees, where they were now stretched between her spread legs. And Dan was behind her, his tall, muscled figure and curly hair unmistakable, his pants and boxers around his ankles, his shirt also crumpled on the floor. His hands were massaging Britney's tits, the two mounds too large to be single handfuls. His hips were moving hard and fast, powering his rock-hard cock into Britney's cunt. The lifeguard was looking away, but Trisha could see her friend's face, her eyes tightly shut, her face red with pleasure, her mouth open. The cheerleader knew that Britney must be moaning out loud, echoing through the kitchen but cut off from the outside. As Trisha watched, Dan slid one hand off Britney's tits, sliding it down her ultra-slim waist, past her taut stomach. Trisha could see Britney's body jolt and her back arch, and the cheerleader knew what was happening: the lifeguard was fingering Britney's clit, making her squirm and rock with pleasure, just as he had done so many times to Trisha herself.

The cheerleader wrenched herself away from the window. Without knowing it, she quickly strode back to her car, her shoulders back, her miniskirt swishing hurriedly. It was only after she got in the car that her thoughts began to rush through her, making her flush.

I told Britney everything…I confessed to her, even though it was terrible, even though I could have kept it a secret, even though it made me feel so guilty! And she…she just let me feel awful! Even though she was lying too! The whole way home, Trisha's mind whirled with anger at Britney's betrayal. Her fingers were sweaty on the steering wheel, her bare knees knocking against each other. She even ran two red lights, ignoring the honking sounds of other cars, not even hearing them. All she could think about was the sight of Britney, brazenly bent over the kitchen counter as Dan plowed into her, her mouth hanging open in a wild moan.

We were both lying…but at least I confessed! I felt guilty about it the entire time! I felt horrible! That would have been a perfect time for her to tell the truth too…but instead she just stood there and let me feel like I was the only bad friend! I…I can't believe her! Britney had always been so sweet to Trisha. Why would she do something like this now?

Trisha's parents weren't home, but it wouldn't have mattered; she immediately ran upstairs and slammed her bedroom door, flopping herself on her bed. She felt like there were two different Britneys now: the thoughtful, considerate one who had befriended her last semester when she needed someone to talk to, and now the one who was lying through her teeth, standing by and letting Trisha feel terrible.

 Mandy was right! Britney was jealous of me…she just wanted Dan all to herself! But instead of telling me the truth, she tried to make it a big deal…she tried to get me to stay away from him while she fucked him the entire time! Trisha threw herself off the bed and began stomping around the room, thinking. Was that really it? Was she jealous of me? The cheerleader's little hands were clenched into fists, one tight around her cell phone. She thought Dan preferred me to her? That's so crazy though…I'm only a slut because Britney taught me how! I'd still be a shy, timid girl if it weren't for her!

 Was that part of it? It seemed strange that Britney's student was now somehow a better slut than Britney herself. But maybe that's why Britney didn't like it...she didn't want to admit there was a sexier slut than her! She didn't want to accept that she was such a good teacher, she had taught me how to be a better fuck than her! Trisha's stomach turned with anger. And so she lied to me! She lied and tried to keep me away from Dan just because she didn't want her ego bruised! Trisha stomped her foot hard on the carpet, as if it had betrayed her just like Britney had. She wasn't sure if she was right or not, but one thing was clear: Britney was still fucking Dan, and she didn't want Trisha to have access to the same cock. Well, I'll show her! If she's afraid that I'm a better slut than she is, I'll prove her right!

Trisha glanced down at her phone. It was almost an hour since she had left Britney's house. Was Dan still there? No…he never sticks around after he fucks me. He always makes it a point to leave me still panting and recovering wherever we are. But another thought came to her that actually made her squirm with anger. Unless…unless he only does that to me, and he stays with Britney… Trisha shook her head fiercely, feeling her wavy hair flap against her face. Without pausing, without giving herself a chance to think about it, she flipped open her phone and dialed Dan's number.

"Hello?"

"Hi Dan, it's Trisha!" Even as she chirped hello, Trisha suddenly realized that he might still be at Britney's house, and a jolt of fright turned over her stomach. But then the cheerleader shook her head again. Why should I care if Britney knows I'm calling him?

"Trisha!" Dan's voice was amused; she could almost see him smirking. "Haven't seen you for a while, sweetheart."

"It has been a long time, hasn't it?" Even though Trisha's insides were boiling with anger, her voice was steady and strong, and now the cheerleader pressed ahead, refusing to give herself a chance to change her mind. "Well…why don't we fix that? Why don't I come over tonight?"

"Tonight?" Dan paused. Was he planning to see Britney tonight, too? Were they going to fuck more than once today? Argh…I can't believe Britney!

"Sure, Trisha. Sounds good."

"Great!" Trisha chirped. She was about to hang up, when something suddenly occurred to her. "Oh, and Dan?"

"Yeah?"

"I'm ready for anything tonight. Anything you want."

There was another pause on the phone; Dan was taken aback. Then his voice came through, thrilled and eager. "I hear you, my slut. Come over soon."

Trisha hung up, staring at herself in the mirror. She would need to shower, and do her makeup, and find a good outfit to wear. Even her reflection looked angry. I can't believe Britney! That…that bitch! And I thought she was just being sweet and forgiving…but really, it was just because she was going behind my back just like I was going behind hers! Trisha furiously tossed her hair, examining her petite, slender body in the reflection, her slim legs, her pouty face and brown eyes(narrowed now in anger), her perky tits riding high on her dainty chest. Now she cupped them and squeezed, examining the way they bulged and plumped together. Well…two can play at this game!
