 It was raining so hard I was having a difficult time seeing the road. Rounding a curve I almost rear ended two people pushing a car, almost sliding into them as I jammed on the breaks. The two turned out to be a couple of college kids going home for spring break. Both girls were drenched to the skin and they looked as if they were getting ready for a wet T shirt contest. Neither one wore a bra and their blouses sculpted their bodies showing firm breasts and erect nipples. I'd guess they were both about a thirty two B or so.

Reluctantly I got out to help. I didn't relish the idea of getting soaked along with them but I really had no choice. One got back in her car and steered as I pushed her off to the shoulder. I had the other get in my car. 

Now with their car safely off the roadway I took their bags and put them in the trunk of my car. With one of the girls in the back seat, the other sitting next to me I started out again.

One, the one sitting next to me was a chatterbox. The one in the back seat was pensive and rarely spoke. They explained that they were on spring break and had been on their way to a girlfriends home but the car stalled. 

Rounding another curve in the road we were stopped. A mudslide had wiped out the road and actually a portion of the pavement was pushed down a gulch into a raging river to the left. I had to back up damn near a quarter of a mile before I found enough space to turn the car around.

During those fifteen minutes the girls introduced themselves as Cherie and Marcy. In exchange I told them my name, Blake. For the next five or so minutes we were quiet, not having much to say. I had the heater on so we could dry off but only succeeded in fogging up the window, so as Marcy wiped the windshield I drove back to a little bar and grill I had remembered passing about three miles back.

Finally arriving, I pulled in and we made a dash for the door. There were no lights on but apparently they were still open because the door wasn't locked. Entering we saw kerosene lamps had been set out, one on the end of the bar and another on a table in the dining area. Two young women sat talking at the end of the bar but swung around as we entered. 

I looked around for the owner or at least a bartender but saw none. One of the women slowly got up and went behind the bar. About thirty or perhaps a bit younger She had her blonde hair up in a pony tail. Being a breast man I guessed her to be a thirty four C or so.

I explained pretty much what had happened and the barmaid explained that it was the second time in less than a year that Smugglers Gulch has been wiped out by rockslides. 

She went on: "It looks like your going to be here for at least five or six days. The Terry river bridge was washed out too and you can't go back the way you came either. They'll repair the bridge before clearing and repairing the road. So it looks like the three of you will be keeping Monika and I company for a while. By the way, I'm your hostess, Letha, I own this place."

My two college friends were trying to use their cell phones to call out but Letha explained that this was a dead zone, especially when it rained. Letha asked Monika if she would mind doubling up with her so we could have her room. She excused herself explaining that she had to get a few things from her room first. At that point Letha told the girls to get out of their wet clothes. 

"Here?" Cherie asked.

"Sure, why not. We're very informal here. And hell, I'm sure Blake wouldn't mind seeing what's under those wet clothes, and quite frankly neither would I. Come on girls don't be shy. Just go over by he fire and hang your things there to dry."

They both hesitated, Then Marcy began stripping. I sat on a stool, a bit bemused at the scene going on before me. She went to the fire and stood with her back towards us as she took her blouse off, then bending, she kicked her shoes away and began to wiggle out of her jeans. At that point all she had on was her thong and finally she removed that too. Actually that surprised me because she could have left that on.

What she presented was a beautiful ass and nothing more. Slowly she straightened up and turned. Both Letha and Cherie gasped. 

"Oh god, Cherie whispered. You didn't? How could you?"

"Oh shit Cherie. I was wet and cold and hell I'm proud of my body. Now you do it. I'm sure Blake would enjoy seeing that cute little body of yours too, wouldn't you Blake?"

The woman, Letha, stared at Marcy with unbridled hunger in her eyes. She seemed to be as aroused as I was at the sight of the young girl. And ran the tip of her tongue around her lips suggestively.

I nodded dumbly and very slowly Cherie slid off her stool went over to where the fireplace was and she too began to undress. By now Letha was clutching my arm and her hand was creeping up my thigh and brazenly undid my zipper. She was fascinated by the two young women and apparently wanted to see if I was too. 

Slowly Cherie undressed and somehow it reminded me of a strip tease I had once seen. Letha had my cock free now and slowly stroked it while staring at Cherie. When she was done and slowly turned to face us, Letha let out a gasp. "Beautiful, simply beautiful." And began to jerk me more frantically while staring at Cherie's curvaceous body.

Cherie stared at us and tried to cover her pussy with one hand and her breasts with here other arm. Apparently she was the shy one of the two. By now Marcy was sort of parading around before finally coming over to the bar and sitting on one of the stools. She watched Letha slowly stroking my cock and suddenly asked jokingly, "Who do I have to fuck to get a drink around here?"

Reluctantly Letha abandoned my cock and went behind the bar to make drinks. Cherie looked helplessly at me almost begging for something to cover up with.

"Awww come on Cherie, loosen up and have a drink. Blake isn't ready to go after you, at least not yet," Letha exclaimed.

Just as Cherie relented and took the stool to my right, Monika returned. The things she had wanted to take from her room she had wrapped in a large towel and clutched to her breasts. A rather large dildo, a vibrator that looked sort of menacing, and an assortment of other gadgets which I couldn't identify, tumbled out as she set the bundle down on the end of the bar. Seeing the two nude girls, and me with my cock still protruding from my fly, she gushed. "My god, your starting without me? Already?"

I was amused by the whole thing until Letha leaned over the bar and put her hand on my shoulder and directed: "You too. If they can do it you surely can."

I had no intentions of getting out of my clothes and besides I had mostly dried off. I slowly swiveled towards the bar while trying to get my cock back in and took my drink, ignoring what Letha had suggested. It was Marcy who began taunting. 

"Come on Blake. We did it, are you chicken. We want to see more of what you've got in those jeans of yours. I saw the bulge get larger as you watched Cherie strip and Letha giving it a massage. Come on show us. What do you think girls? Fair's fair isn't it?"

I tried to ignore the dare but finally turned to Marcy: "You're a little instigator aren't you? What are you playing, Good girl bad girl? You the bad one and Cherie the good one?"

That was when I turned in my stool intending to get up. Letha leaned over the bar and grabbed my shirt collar and pulled me back, pinning me against the bar.

Now I was precariously teetering on a bar stool that was about to fall out from under me when both Monika and Marcy grabbed for my belt and pulled my jeans down to my ankles. I hadn't worn shorts this morning and now I was completely exposed.

Tugging hard, I broke free of Letha's hold but I was tangled up in the jeans wrapped around my ankles. I fell forward onto my knees and the two girls pounced.

Marcy lay across my back and Monika pushed me down so I lay on my stomach. Letha had come around the bar and was tugging at the jeans wrapped around my ankles.

Cherie sat at the bar not moving nor saying a word, while the three girls stripped me. I was about to try and lift up when one of them tugged my shirt off and in the process twisted my arm behind me. 

It was turning into a sort of good natured wrestling match when finally they had both my hands behind me.

One of the unrecognized items Monika had clutched in her arms was apparently a set of handcuffs because I was suddenly shackled. It's impossible to lift up without turning over and I wasn't about to do that so I began to do a bit of negotiating and even threatening in a good natured sort of way. 

I heard some rustling sounds behind me and the next thing I knew the three girls had their hands on my side and were rolling me over onto my back. Looking up I was a bit startled to see both Monika and Letha standing along side Marcy, as naked as the rest of us.

The other two had apparently stripped and if it's any consolation we were all bare ass naked but I think it was actually meant to pacify me but it wasn't working because staring at them I was beginning to get really hard. With help from the three, I got up and sat on a stool with my hands shackled behind me. Letha picked up my drink and held it to my lips and urged me to drink.

Cherie just sat there almost in a trance and said nothing but occasionally would take a sip of her cocktail and stare at my cock. Both Marcy and Monika took places on either side of me. Letha returned to her side of the bar and began pouring drinks. Much stronger than necessary, they were just straight shots of liquor.

I had shut my mouth. I thought the joke would end soon if I didn't let them know they were getting to me. But being force fed two more shots I was beginning to feel the alcohol. Then they began. 

Marcy put her hand on my cock and began working her warm fingers up and down. Monika leaned over and held one of her breasts to my lips and whispered, "Suck! Suck my tit baby. I like that. Come on do it! I know you want to." 

I did as she ordered. Looking past her I saw Letha leaning over Cherie. She held the girls breast to her mouth as she started to kiss and suck her nipple. Cherie held stark still, not seeming to know what to do. She didn't fight or show any outward response.

By now Monika was responding to my sucking, and so was I. My cock was now hard and aching and Marcy had abandoned jerking and instead opted to go to her knees and put my cock in her mouth. It almost appeared as though the girls were competing to show each other which was the most daring. 

Monika began moaning and her fingers were buried in her cunt as I dragged my teeth along the hard thimbles that were her nipples. Marcy was bobbing her head up and down on my cock trying to take it completely down her throat, and Letha had forced Cherie to the floor and was now kissing the girl on the lips while humping her cunt against Cherie's tight little slit. Tribbing I think it's called. 

Monika was the first. I guess my sucking worked, or at least helped. Her fingers became a frantic blurr as she rubbed her clit faster until suddenly she began to tremble and gasp. "Bite them! Oh fuck... I'm cumming. Help me. Bite my nipple baby. I need it. Oh my god it feels so fucking good. Yeah, oh yesss. Here I come."

I guess Letha wasn't far behind her friend in the orgasm department, because I watched her suddenly lift up off Cherie and give out a long moan before collapsing on the young girl. 

Actually Cherie looked a little frustrated. Her cunt was wet with Letha's juices and I suppose she was aroused by what Letha had done, but not quite sure of what was going on.

Marcy, was trying to get six and a half inches of cock all the way down her throat without success. But I was getting pretty damn close to finishing in her mouth. Now she took a different tact. She was holding my cock aside as she licked my balls and began jerking me off. 

More out of frustration than anything else she tugged me off the stool and I landed on top of her. She rolled out from under me and straddled my face. I needed no instructions. She put her cunt to my mouth and fell forward, supported on outstretched arms. 

Someone now moved up behind her and I felt my cock slide into a warm slippery sheath. Letha had mounted me and wrapping her arms around Marcy, began pinching and pulling on her nipples. All the while lifting and dropping, moving up and down on my cock.

She wasn't going fast enough for me to get off, but she sure as hell was enjoying herself, while keeping me hard as a rock. 

Marcy was almost smothering me but I found enough space to begin running my tongue up and down the inner folds of her cunt and be able to suck and nibble at her inner lips. She shifted down towards my chin and presented her now swollen clit to my lapping tongue. 

I really wasn't trying to be gentle, I was frustrated. I sucked hard and trapped her clit between my lips. Sucking it in I lashed it with the tip of my tongue. She squealed and suddenly pushed down hard as a gush of warm sapid fluid flooded my face. 

She came hard and long, panting obscenities. "Oh fuck that's good. Yeah, oh yeah baby that feels good. Eat me! Eat my gooey cunt Blake, it feels so good honey."

At that point I guess only Cherie and I were still the only hold outs. When Marcy rolled off my face, I watched Letha bobbing up and down on my dick. Sometimes just plunging my cock in deep and contracting hard, at other times rocking as if she were riding some make believe stallion. 

Finally she let out a whoop, and looking upward, leaned forward, and put her hands on my chest, while sobbing. 

"Oh yeah, That feels good! It was a good one. Really strong baby, really strong."

Cherie had gotten up and again sat at the bar. Sipping her drink with one hand and toying with her cunt with the other, she watched Letha as she had her orgasm.

Finished, she lifted up, and my cock sprang out with a sort of slurping sound and slapped against my abs. Struggling to her feet she went to the bar and leaned against it looking down pensively at me while panting for breath.

Cherie stared at my cock. I don't know if I could describe her look as hunger or just awe. My cock was so hard it ached and it was coated with a shiny patina of Letha's juices. A slow clear droplet of pre-cum formed and leaked out running down to my navel. 

Monica slowly got off her stool and came over to me and knelt.........."Lets not waste that." she mumbled as she put her mouth down and licked the head of my cock.

Now all eyes turned to Cherie. Monika didn't say anything but went to her collection of toys and began rummaged thru them. I got a bad feeling about what she might be preparing to do. I rolled over and got to my knees and finally my feet. Finding what she was looking for she held a leather harness and a huge dildo with a flat base up for all to see.

Looking at Letha she asked. "Think our pretty little Cherie would like to be fucked by this? Letha looked pensive, as if trying to decide. Marcy seemed agitated and squirmed on her stool while staring at the thick long dildo. Cherie looked horrified and I began to feel protective.

Letha looked at me and saw the expression on my face. Then asked, "if we take the cuffs off, you going to be more cooperative?" 

I wanted to be set loose in the worst way. Mostly because of what they might do to Cherie. I nodded and Letha told Monika to give her the key. As soon as I was free I moved down to sit between Cherie and the rest of the women.

She took my arm and I turned to her. She looked into my face with those beautiful blue eyes and gasped. "Don't let them Blake. I never had anything like that in me before. Don't let them use it on me. Please Blake don't let them."

Letha shoved two more drinks in front of us, then in a sweet voice spoke to Cherie. "Drink this baby. Maybe if you get a little drunk it'll feel better. I know you almost came when I was tribbing your tight little cunt before. Poor baby you need a cock in you to get off, don't you baby?"

She winced and drew away from Letha. By now Monika had put the harness on and attached the dildo to the contraption. It hung down and swayed obscenely as she rolled her hips threateningly from side to side.

As Monika approached, Cherie clutched at my arm and sobbed. "No, don't let her use that on me. Please? Oh god I want to cum but not that way. Oh my god, stop her, please."

I don't know if Marcy was having second thoughts about what was happening but she chimed in. "How about fucking me first, Monika. I'd love to feel you fucking me with it. Come on do me first. Let her see how it's done." Monika seemed undecided and looked at Letha. 

Smiling, Letha nodded and coming around the bar, hoisted herself up and sat on the mahogany surface. Then she had Marcy come to her and stand between her splayed legs.

"Eat me while my friend fucks that tight little cunt of yours. Come on, bend over and let her have your tight twat baby. As soon as Marcy was positioned standing between Letha's spread legs, she bent over and began lapping Letha's cunt.

I had never seen anything like it before. As Marcy began lapping and sucking, Letha began pinching and massaging her firm round breasts. Monika took a moment to oil the monstrous phallus then she approached. Grasping the rubber cock in her hand she nudged it into Marcy's cunt and began fucking her. The damn thing must have been nine inches long and so help me god, Marcy took it all. 

There was a lot of grunting and panting going on and Cherie took the opportunity to creep to the far end of the room. Both Letha and Marcy came at about the same time. Letha grabbed her partners hair and held her there as she hunched her cunt against her mouth. 

At almost the same moment Marcy let out a long sob and came. Milky juice flowed from around the plunging cock and ran down the inside of her thigh and began dripping to the floor. 

Satisfied with her success using Marcy, she pulled the faux cock out and turned, looking for Cherie.

Having recovered somewhat Letha looked at Cherie cowering behind a bench and asked. "You still a virgin Cherie? You ever been fucked before?"

Cherie shook her head, No. 

"Ever used a vibrator or dildo on that tight little cunt of yours before?"

Now Cherie nodded, Yes. 

Letha then asked. You like cumming don't you? I mean that's why you fuck yourself with your fingers or whatever, don't you?"

Again Cherie nodded yes.

Letha went on: "Tell you what. You have a choice. Either Monika gets to fuck you or we'll have Blake do it. Which do you want for your first time?"

I was sort of shocked. I was prepared to defend Cherie but I really didn't expect to be involved in their little game.

I took a step menacingly towards Monika when I heard Cherie shout aloud.

"Blake, I want Blake! I want Blake to fuck me. Please... Please Blake, I want you. I really mean it. I want your cock not that thing. Please say yes, I want you to fuck me. Not her."

Letha smiled and nodded her approval. Then added, "We get to watch the show girls. The whole show from beginning to end. Come here Cherie. You know what we want you to do. Suck him off until he's hard again. And god he does get hard honey, I felt him, and he's good. Then I'll tell you what to do next. Now come over here and suck his cock for him...Now!"

I had gone from limp to semi erect during the exchange, but as she came to me and went down on her knees, I began to feel a flush of excitement, and my cock began to swell in anticipation.

I don't suppose she had ever sucked a cock before. Maybe her dildo but probably not a real cock. She took my shaft into her mouth and fumbled with her hand trying to stroke the base of my cock. That did absolutely nothing for me and it was apparent to the audience. Letha nodded to Marcy. 
