 This story is dedicated to Peter with many thanks.

*

Christie stirred in a tangle of candy pink sheets, one dainty foot stretching toward the edge of the bed. When her toes struck something solid and warm, her subconscious gradually relinquished control, as she started awake.

Struggling to a sitting position, she stared down at the pale and nude body of Jacob through the flicker and strobe of bluish lightning from the rumbling storm.

Like being enveloped by a warm voluptuous mist, her thoughts and flesh recalled the pleasures of the evening. Of steamy and demanding kisses, intense urging by her lover with each act to which she submitted, and of orgasms so all-encompassing she thought she'd cry from pleasure.

He slept on his side with his back toward her, his hair beautifully tousled. With great care, she leaned a bit closer to inhale the clean soapy scent of his skin, the movement inciting a sore throb between her legs.

The clock on her dresser indicated it was four thirty in the morning as the lulling rain beat against the glass in a gentle rhythm. Christie crawled to the end of the bed, swinging one long leg over the footboard, then carefully climbing out, pausing to listen to Jacob's slow even breaths.

Gliding silently to the closet, she reached in to retrieve her ivory terry robe, slipping it on then creeping out into the hall, soundlessly closing the door behind her as she went.

A loud volley of thunder vibrated the walls, followed by a silvery flash of lightning that lit up the living room and part of the hall. Tiptoeing into the bathroom, Christie steeled herself for the brightness of the vanity bulbs above the sink as she placed a fingertip on the light switch. 

With a casual lift of her index finger, the blonde narrowed her eyes to brace for the brightness as she stood by the countertop. Before she did, a muffled moans from Amber's room caught her ear. Christie paused, sucking in a tremulous breath, the blissful sound penetrating her sleepy mind and fanning the smoldering coals of lust Jacob had ignited a mere few hours ago.

With an embarrassed and self-conscious shrug, she crept surreptitiously closer to her roommate's closed bedroom door. A brief bit of memory came back to her; Jacob informing her that Amber had left with a few men who didn't speak English. A few? I'm already sore and was only with one man, Christie mused to herself as she stood a mere couple feet away from Amber's room.

It certainly wouldn't be Christie's first time catching Amber inflagrante delicto. Though she hated to admit it, Amber couldn't be more her polar opposite and had an enviable way with men. Amber reveled in her boldness and forward nature, wearing them like a skintight red dress. With the right smile or toss of her glossy hair, she had won many a man, even some who had, until meeting the simmering sexpot, sworn their allegiance to another woman.

Chilly air enveloped Christie, stiffening her nipples under the soft fabric. With a naughty shiver, she slipped her hands beneath the garment to palm her breasts, the warm caress against her nipples only arousing her more.

If Amber felt as good as Christie did right now, she could begin to understand why her room mate dedicated herself to getting sex at least five times a week; the euphoria that settled in after a good fuck certainly had addictive potential. Not that her dear and sweet Jake had ever been a slouch in bed... But Jacob with his cool clear gaze and talented fingers had reduced her to a wanton and wet tigress in a matter of minutes.

Another breathy moan brought Christie back to the present, and the naughty little nymph Jacob had loosed took over. Two small steps closer and Christie heard the telltale creaking of bedsprings. One more determined stride and Christie turned to rest her ear against the doorjamb, hearing the distinct slapping of flesh against flesh accompanied by a soft murmur by one of Amber's guests.

Christie felt warmth suffusing her cheeks and ears. But more than that, as the tempo picked up behind the door, she felt a familiar clenching and throbbing between her legs.

"What's gotten into you?" Christie chastised herself in a whisper, tightly pressing her thighs together and knowing it was more a question of who'd gotten into her, awakening the dormant creature of lust hidden far back in her heart.

One of Amber's boy toys moaned aloud, and before she fully realized what she was doing, Christie let two petal soft fingertips slipped between the gap of her robe, gently stroking the trimmed golden curls of her mound. With a sigh, she leaned further back against the door frame, splaying her legs a bit to give her fingers easier access, her other hand still gently pinching her erect nipples in turn.

A sheet of rain pelted the living room window as Christie delicately dipped her fingers into her hot folds, using the slippery nectar to rub tight circles around her clitoris. Breathing in shallow puffs, she closed her eyes as the action behind Amber's door picked up.

Amber moaned more freely now, and was accompanied by at least two men, though Christie wasn't certain precisely what they could be doing nor the configurations that would be required. Lashes fluttering, she closed her eyes, lost in trying to ponder the tawdry scenario and reliving the delicious phantom feel of Jacob's cock deep inside where she craved him the most.

A subcutaneous fire raged over Christie's entire body, and soon she was oblivious to the chill in the air. Pausing long enough to shrug out of her robe, she returned her hands to their work, her breath escaping in short little pants. Just the light contact of her fingertip against her engorged nether lips made her wince, and when she began to apply a little more pressure to her tiny bud of pleasure, she had to bite back a groan. Amber's moans became strangely muffled, and in Christie's feverish mind, the reason for that particular change was abundantly clear.

"Oh my God..." She breathed, her smooth back and shapely bottom bearing her weight, as she grew closer to reaching a frenzied and sticky climax. Pulse roaring in her ears and lips slightly parted in sheer ecstasy, she vicariously felt each thrust and could almost taste the smooth and rich taste of a painfully erect cock.

"Do you know how fucking hot you look right now?" The whisper was a mere few inches from Christie's left ear. Christie flinched, sinking her teeth into her lower lip to stifle a squeak of surprise. Her eyes flew open to see Jacob, dramatically painted in shadows, standing right beside her and just as gloriously nude. He was also very erect, the pale length of his cock visible in the low light. She hadn't even heard him open the bedroom door.

Christie opened her mouth to speak, but Jacob only stepped closer, slipping his sinewy arms about her waist, tilting his lips down toward hers as he crushed her wrist between them. With a fruitless effort to remove her hand, she winced as Jacob nibbled her lower lip. "How quiet do you think we can be, angel?" He murmured, nuzzling her throat as he fell to his knees. Sure hands gripped her wrists to pull her along, and then cupped her head as she fell onto her back beneath his lithe body. 

Toppling her back on the floor, his body crushed hers against the carpet. One of his hands closed around hers, patting her curled fingers, wordlessly indicating that he wanted her to keep stroking her clit. Opening her eyes, she gazed up at his face, his own bright eyes watching the dueling emotions of anxiety and euphoria playing across her delicate features.

"We can't..." Christie's frantic whisper only inflamed Jacob's desires, and he let go of her hand and reached down to press his cock against the damp heat of her pussy.

"Yes. We can." The self-assuredness and certainty in his voice made her shiver.

Christie gasped, nipping his tongue as he returned to kissing her trembling lips. He could feel the slight brush of her knuckles against his pelvis, and her breaths grew shorter and shallower as she began to writhe beneath him. Jacob hungrily plunged his tongue deep into Christie's mouth, only allowing the tip of his cock to press against her dewy canal as their own breathing grew more frantic in tandem with the moans coming from Amber's room.

"Please Jacob." Her words were an urgent plea against his ear as her legs lifted to wrap around his compact ass. "Please put it inside me. I'm so close."

"Not yet, sugar. Keep going." 

Feeling as if she might combust from the fiery need racing through her veins, Christie let out a choked whimper as her fingertips moved more rapidly, the subtle sound barely audible over Amber's impassioned exclamations. Jacob teased her hungry sex by allowing he to slip in an inch or two, and then withdraw to rub lightly over her juicy slit. The cool clench of her free hand against his left shoulder was all the indication he needed as breathy moans tried to escape her closed lips.

"That's it." Jacob's arms went around her in a tight embrace as she tensed, his cock plunging into her slippery pussy to slam hard against her womb. 

Totally entwined and lost in each other's passion, they fucked with a ferocity which rivaled their earlier encounters. The necessity to remain quiet was a potent aphrodisiac; Christie's nails digging into his shoulders as she pulled her honeyed fingers away from her throbbing pussy.

She exhaled a trembling sigh, her breath shaky with the force of Jacob's thrusts, his lips pressed to her throat. The churning embrace of her muscles soon became too much to resist, and after a couple painfully hard thrusts which made her gasp, he exploded inside her, their lips meeting in an urgent kiss. The air around them cooled the perspiration on their skin, and in silence, Jacob got to his feet and pulled Christie to standing by her hands, taking her back into the bedroom and quietly closing the door behind them.

**

"I was going to round up your Prince Charming to kiss you awake in a couple minutes!" Amber giggled as Christie stumbled out of her bedroom in tight black Capri pants and a pink halter-top. "Whoa. Can you walk?" 

The blonde offered a sleepy smile, went to the fridge to grab a bottle of water, and then snagged an apple out of the fruit bowl to nibble as she flopped back on the sofa.

"In all honesty," Christie began, taking a dainty bite of the fruit. "I'm not exactly fit to run a marathon today."

Amber exploded with laughter, her hands covering her face as she fell against the arm of the love seat.

"He said he'd be back after he got some work done today. I guess he was supposed to write up a piece about the Greek festival last night... But oddly enough he never got around to it." She winked at her friend, then the irrepressible smile returned to her kissable lips. "He's fucking gorgeous, girl! If you hadn't gotten it on with him, I would have slapped you!"

Christie chewed contemplatively as her mind went back to the wee hours of morning. Of Jacob fucking her mercilessly on her hands and knees as he stood beside the bed, of long tender kisses at each of the deserted intersections on the way to his apartment, and lastly of his vibrant green gaze as he'd captured her in one more tight squeeze beside the car in the parking lot as he nibbled her throat, his unkempt black hair tickling her jaw.

The trip back home as the eastern sky grew brighter had felt surreal. Her body was enveloped in the most delicious ache, and she desperately wanted nothing more than a long hot shower and some sleep.

"I haven't seen you smile like that in months." Amber's serious tone brought Christie back, and the brunette's own warm smile was as comforting as an embrace. "I told you it would be a good time."

"All right. You told me so. There. I've saved you the trouble of saying it." Christie blushed, taking a long sip from her water, her mind drifting while imagining the feel of Jacob's kisses.

"Well I'm going to meet Michelle and Toni for lunch and a little shopping. I'll be back around five. You have fun and do everything I'd do when he comes over."

"I don't know if I could survive doing everything you'd do." Amber shot her a playful smirk, nodding as she sprang to her feet.

"You're probably right. But give it some time. That boy has a really naughty little smile and those eyes... You're going to have fun with that man."

**

The gentle rain falling outside made Christie doubly glad to be inside. She had finished painting her toenails and sat with her feet propped on the coffee table waiting for the polish to dry. Occasionally, she glanced at the tiny drops that fell from the monochrome sky, mesmerized by their beauty as they carried a gray reflection with them before impact.

The unintended amount of sleep she'd had today left her feeling mentally refreshed though her body protested with every movement. Now as she sat in the warm golden glow of lamplight, she wrote furiously in her journal.

There was something more meditative and tangible about keeping a diary on paper. To Christie, it seemed more personal and heartfelt, and though she tried keeping one using her computer's word processor program, it just felt foreign and wrong.

Detailing yesterday's events down to her exhausted collapse into bed alone at nearly six that morning, she had to agree with Amber. How far she'd come in the space of a few hours. For the first time, she felt no urge to flip back to the beginning of the journal. No desperate desire to seek some sort of cathartic transformation by rereading the pain and horror of her unexpected loss a year ago. And in yet another first in months, her heart felt light and thoughts of what was still to come replaced those of what might have been.

Christie put the white leather bound book aside and examined the pearly pink enamel on her toenails. It complemented her tanned skin beautifully, and she thought it would look especially fetching on Amber. But then again, what didn't look fetching on-

The chirp of their apartment phone startled Christie out of her thoughts, making her nearly kick over the bottle of polish. She picked up the black cordless phone and pushed the TALK button, watching as soot colored clouds rolled in on a strengthening wind.

"Hello?" Christie said distractedly, watching a car splash through a puddle in the street, water fanning up in great plumes as it raced out of sight.

"Hi gorgeous. Do you like Indian cuisine?" Jacob's voice was a smooth purr, the tone alone igniting restless desire in her loins as she blushed to the roots of her hair.

"Yes." She replied, nervously wiggling her toes.

"Would you like to come over for dinner? I'm nearly through with this article and would love some company. I don't have a room mate so we have endless options, places, and positions to explore if you're up for it."

From a very early age, Christie's mother had warned her about making herself too accessible to boys. In her teens, she had been an unintentional cock tease, never going any further than letting a boy put his hand up her shirt for fear of earning the humiliating label of being "easy".

The obedient daughter and respectable young woman in her railed against the blossoming seductress Jacob had brought to the fore. Even when she had finally agreed to make love to Jake, her deceased love to whom she'd given her virginity, it had taken four months of foreplay, justifications to placate her conscience, a bottle and a half of wine and a lot of kissing and cuddling. 

But this new relationship had only required the seductive properties of a warm and rainy night. Combined with the skilled teasing of a mysterious lover who could enchant with a look and completely disarm with a caress, her determination to go home alone had all but vanished. Lay to waste with a stumble righted by a strong embrace.

It seemed to her as if her conscience and libido had been dueling for ages, and the fighting had transformed into licentious unity with the ultimate goal of transforming her from decent and respectable to debauched and dirty. Worst of all, she loved the shift more than she ever imagined possible. While she had felt conflicted sitting under the stars with her intriguing new lover, every touch by Jacob's hands only affirmed her desire for more.

"Sure." She acquiesced; hoping the tremor throughout her entire body didn't carry over to her voice. "What time?"

"Give me half an hour to get this finished. Do you remember how to get here?"

**

Amber returned home as blue patches of sky fought the rain, the feeble washed out sunlight behind them making a blotchy patchwork of the dissipating gray clouds. Quiet as she could, she cracked the front door expecting to return to the same performance as last night. When she was only greeted by silence, she ventured in and shut the door.

On the accent table by the phone laid a sheet of Christie's pink stationary framed with yellow roses and dragonflies. Amber picked it up, her smile broadening as she read the words penned in Christie's flowery script.

"Be back later," Amber read aloud, happiness and relief making her own heart light. "I don't think so, Christie."

**

One last look in the rear view mirror and Christie pulled her keys from the ignition. The woman looking back at her was barely recognizable. It had been months since she'd put so much work into her looks, and it felt wonderful and terrifying all at once.

Stepping out of the car in her black high heels, she straightened the hem of her black silk dress and reached back to adjust the strap around her neck. Her perfumed hair had been pinned up, leaving a couple curled tendrils by her ears, and she had even put on her favorite parfum; a more sultry and glamorous fragrance than what she wore for every day.

Rain water puddle and glistened on the concrete, the earthy smell of damp macadam and dirt a familiar and vaguely pleasant aura hanging in the humid air. Christie clutched her purse to settle her nerves as she stepped up on the sidewalk toward the entrance of Jacob's apartment.

The determined stride she'd used so far broke as she confronted the panel of labeled buttons. Cars sloshed by on the busy street behind her, and she became acutely aware of the sounds made by the rain running out of downspouts and her own thudding heart.

The paralysis broke when she thought of Jacob waiting for her in his apartment. With only a moment's hesitation, she reached up to press the button next to his apartment number.

"Come up." Smooth as velvet, his voice drove away all her trepidation as the automatic lock on the door released. With one last glance around the parking lot, Christie slipped inside, her heels echoing loudly off the tiled floor.

When she climbed the last flight of stairs, Jacob stood in the doorway to his apartment. Wearing that tranquil expression which belied the passion simmering just under the surface, he beckoned her closer with one pale hand. With a bashful smile, she traversed the distance between them, roses blooming in her cheeks.

"Hi." The mouth-watering aroma of chicken curry grew stronger as she approached, Jacob waiting for her entry before he closed the door.

"Hello again." 

The apartment was gorgeous, and when Jacob returned from the kitchen to hand her long stemmed white rose, she felt overwhelmed by the romantic gesture combined with the dreamy atmosphere. 

Heavy curtains, elegant furnishings, and candle light all combined with the subtle aroma of dinner and the dreamy musky scent of incense for a multi-sensory seduction. 

"You look beautiful." Jacob said softly, stepping closer to take the rose from her fingers, brushing her cheek with the puckered ivory bud. "Black suits you."

"Thank you. The rose is lovely." Christie was nervous and felt extremely out of her element. The surroundings combined with Jacob's gentle stroking of her cheek made her knees feel weak.
