 It was almost two weeks since I had hooked up with Jasmine and Alia, the two eighteen-year-old students, who had enrolled on my geology course earlier in the year. If you've come to this chapter, having not read part one, a very brief summary of events that led up to the first part are necessary. 

Two weeks ago, I had what can only be described as an attack of lust. On reading a friend's status moaning about lack of funds for a three-month trip to Mauritius I made a very daring proposition. This amounted to me offering her and her friend the money they needed in exchange for sexual favours. All rather strange and inappropriate on the face of it, but the warmth and intensity of the liaison has been even more rewarding than I had expected.

The girls are not your average students. Jasmine has a Bengali mother and an English father. She is arrestingly pretty. Alia is of Lebanese parentage, although her folks have lived in England from children themselves. She is equally pretty, in a very exotic way. 

I found the two of them engaging company on my trips, as they stood out owing to their vivacious charm and in depth questions on rock formation and seismology. None of my other students, who are of all ages, ever articulate remotely similar thoughts. Away from geology, they had opinions on every subject under the sun as well as frequent witty observations, which would keep the minibus entertained on the drives to and from our field outings.

When I knew that Jasmine and Alia needed the cash for the expedition, I stepped in with wholly unaltruistic motives and came up with the funds. Our first meeting was exploratory and extremely arousing and I came twice. With a second meeting arranged, I had proceeded docilely without any kind of discussion as to where things would lead. I knew the girls well enough to know that they wouldn't just take my six grand and say thank you and scarper. Never the less, some sort of informal arrangement seemed sensible.

The girls are very academic and down to earth and yet no less gorgeous and particular in their dress sense as any typical 18-year-old. They had expressed their gratitude for the money that I had given them and seemed to accept my wholly selfish motives rather pragmatically. We had built up a rapport on the geology course and this seemed to extend nicely into the bedroom. When we were looking at rocks they were serious and intense, but at other times they were as lively and bubbly as others of their age. But that they were emotionally mature for 18 and knew exactly what they wanted and where they were going. 

Following our first get together, I bit the bullet and broached a few practical matters. I asked them what they expected out of the deal and what precautions they thought we should take. 

After some discussion and details, with which I need not bore you, the girls agreed to go and get fitted up with a patch. Jasmine joked that she always wanted a Sugar Daddy and Alia agreed that a 'friends with benefits' arrangement was a good thing. This was a very satisfactory arrangement as far as I was concerned. I would have worn a rubber had they insisted, but the appeal of fucking them unsaddled was very appealing as you can imagine. 

I had wondered if they might ask for more money, as a sweetener but they didn't. As a mark of my contentment with the arrangements, I asked them about spending money for the trip - clothes and drinks etc. They said that that would be nice, so I gave them an extra five hundred each, which I assumed would cover it. I figured that they were going to a deal of trouble to make me happy, in the circumstances, which they weren't obliged to, so I thought it was the least I could do. The last thing, we mutually decided that the liaison would end with their flying to Mauritius. That was their wish and I suppose to pick things up afterwards wouldn't be right. 

As Jasmine had a holiday in Scotland before returning to college there was a necessary hiatus before their next visit. We agreed that we would only ever do each other as a threesome when it was convenient, so I didn't make any suggestion about seeing Alia while Jasmine was away. I think that was good, for two reasons - two pussies are better than one, and there was no chance of their being any difficult emotional involvement developing. The age difference was probably enough to see to that, but you never know!

So fast forward two weeks to the weekend after Jasmine came back to England and I was seriously stoked in anticipation of round two! They say the thought of sex is sometimes better than the sex itself. In the case of these two, it doesn't apply. After our first encounter my heart was missing a beat just from the thought of seeing them again. 

The heatwave of two weeks earlier had been replaced by distinctly autumnal weather and it was approaching dusk as I arrived home from work. So I didn't expect playsuits this time and wondered how they would dress for me. We chose the Saturday again, because it just fitted around everyone's routine. I had been hitting the gym harder, not that I didn't have a reasonable body, but just wanted to get a bit more definition and hone my stamina with a lot of reps of small weights. I think I can be excused a little vanity and wanted to make sure the girls didn't go short - if you get my meaning. I had never had a threesome before this, and fucking two girls of their age was both an exhilarating and daunting prospect. 

My doorbell sounded at a few minutes to 1pm and my belly was full of butterflies. They had on quilted anoraks, which were quickly removed as they stepped inside. Jasmine had put on tight jeans with the ripped knees that are all the fashion at the moment. Alia was wearing black leggings (tights or maybe yoga pants for American readers.) Jasmine's cotton top was creamy with a kind of daisy design and was just thin enough to see her bra without my having to use any imagination. Alia's lovely long, black hair contrasted with her white blouse, which was rather more see-through. I hung the coats up and we went straight through to my front room. It gets the sun in the afternoon, but I drew the blinds slightly for extra privacy while leaving the room quite light in the autumn sunshine.

I kissed them both on the cheek and told them how lovely they looked and how delicious they smelled. The effect of their perfume and their hot young bodies was sensational. I abandoned any pretence of propriety and kissed them both on the neck as I touched the girls through their clothes. Alia's plump ass was so squeezable through her leggings, and I traced my fingers around every contour of their bodies before I had even offered them a drink. The girls appeared to be enjoying the attention though and didn't mind my exuberant behaviour and were all smiles. For all their academic brilliance they were so charming. Jasmine had a distinctly mischievous look about her at times. Alia was different, she was naturally relaxed and light-hearted. But together in the privacy of my house, they were simmering sex bombs, attentive to my needs and like playful kittens.

Alia looked at me wantonly, stroking the bulge in my trousers just before I gave her a lingering French kiss. My hard on now achingly hard, I kissed Jasmine equally passionately. I rubbed my hardness against the front of her jeans, grinding into the mound of her sex. I was so turned on and the thought of bending her over and fucking her was sending me half delirious. I kissed Alia again and fantasized about them kissing each other, but I decided that that was one for another time.

We started to undress, or I should say, I undressed them and undressed myself. Slowing taking a woman's clothes off I find incredibly erotic and particularly so if it's two nubile eighteen-year-olds. Unlike the first time they had put on bra and panties. Jasmine's were a creamy coloured lacy set and Alia's were black, her panties skimpy ones that barely hid her swollen pussy lips. 

I tugged down my boxers so that my cock sprung up and this caused a moment of frivolity with the girls who found my almost priapic state a source of amusement. I could now peel off their underwear with my cock throbbing and savour every moment. Their bare breasts were such a joy to behold, impervious to gravity - their nipples splendidly ripe. I stood behind them, gently fondling their boobs. I knelt on the sofa so that I could be level with their tits as I kissed and sucked them in turn. At the same time, my fingers worked past their pantie gussets, until I was penetrating their wet pussies. 

With their breasts moist from my saliva, I slipped off the sofa and knelt in front of them. I rolled down their panties, exposing their gorgeously moist pussy lips. They had nicely trimmed pubes, although being of Asian and Middle Eastern origins they had dark pubic hair that was a little more extensive than average. Though I didn't mind that at all. Faced with two beautiful little pussy cracks, the temptation to roll my tongue between them was too compelling to resist. I got them to stand with their legs a little wider apart so that I could nuzzle their sweet young cunts. I wanted to wank myself at the same time but I was concerned I would blow my load prematurely. I satisfied myself with the pleasant throbbing in my dick as I licked their slits as deep as I could, my nose nudging their little clits. 

I then got them to bend over in readiness for my cock, but it provided just a too good way of eating their pussies again. If girls got this aroused and wet when I was eighteen then I have forgotten. Maybe I just didn't know how to push their buttons back then. They were so well lubricated, I found the slippery texture of their pussy juice and the velvet of their labia such a sexually fulfilling experience and hearing their moans of delight just made it better.

Their sexual scent was so arousing; I couldn't hold out any longer. I stood up and having already decided that I was going to fuck Jasmine first, I held her hips and guided my cock into her vagina. I pushed and was immediately overcome with the blissful sensations of her pussy around my cock. I fingered Alia's pussy as I gave Jasmine slow, steady thrusts. Jasmine's quiet composure altered as I fucked her and she made no secret of the fact that she was enjoying it. Her pussy was hot and tight and I had to take it slowly to prolong our pleasure and not come right away. 

I think I have decent staying power but the effect of the two of them seemed to heighten my libido and it would have been easy to have ejaculated quickly with faster thrusts. But the deep, slow movements of my groin meant I could plough her pussy nicely and enjoy every thrilling second of pleasure. I worked three fingers with a twisting movement deep in Alia's pussy and pondered whether I should finish in Jasmine or fuck Alia and come in her. Decisions... decisions. 

I went with the moment and gripped her hips more firmly and got Alia to sit up on the bed facing me, so I could kiss her as I fucked her friend. My lips met Alia's and her tongue found mine and we kissed deeply as I increased my thrusts into Jasmine. This was so amazingly erotic and intense that my cock seemed to be burning from the core, as I could feel the spunk rise from the base and my buttocks tense before I came. I ran my right hand down Alia's spine and onto her gorgeous bum as I drove my cock harder and faster into Jasmine's wet pussy. I was delighted to feel and see that she was coming and she made little squeals of pleasure accompanied by rapid vibrations all through the lower half of her body. I somehow was able to enjoy the moment of her own orgasm as I gave up and came hard inside her, emptying my balls in a massive, noisy climax.

I pressed my face into Alia's neck and kissed her on the lips again as my cock pumped the last bit of my ejaculation and I slowly withdrew out of Jasmine's pussy. My shaft was coated with her cum and Alia stroked my cock and managed to squeeze out a little more spunk, which dribbled onto Jasmine's bum. Jasmine sat up, her face flushed and bright with sexual elation and we kissed passionately.

I suspected that the girls were ready to go again right away, but I'm not Superman, so I suggested a break for a glass of something and a few nibbles. I put on my boxers, while the girls went to the bathroom and I met them in the kitchen. The girls seemed happy to parade around in the nude, which was a bit distracting. They didn't seem to have any issues with nudity, although with their gorgeous young bodies, why should they? I cracked open some Bucks Fizz and stuck a pizza in the oven. The girls parked themselves on my breakfast bar stools and we had our snack, talking about Brexit and the Euro and Alia's forthcoming driving test. I tested her on a bit of theory and road signs. It was all a bit surreal in the circumstances but very enjoyable.

I felt that they had become very comfortable with everything and they were very giggly and generally effervescent - rather like the Bucks Fizz. I think the alcohol had a relaxing and stimulating effect and got us in the mood for the next session. Funnily enough I was both eager and patient. Eager because I relished indulging myself with them and patient because I enjoyed the 'normality' of the conversation, even if they were stark naked. Occasionally they would wander off into some girl band trivia or a particular bit of fashion minutiae that left me a bemused spectator but sooner or later the conversation would come back to something I could relate to.

I didn't go out of my way to ingratiate myself or weedle my way into their milieu. We had a certain amount in common but I was also aware of the differences that came from both our age difference and genders. I think we naturally settled upon a happy medium, where we were all comfortable. 

After refreshing their glasses, Alia suggested that we should continue the party upstairs. I agreed that that would be a good idea and we all went up to my bedroom. The change of scenery and mood sent a message to my nether regions and my erection began to stir. The girls plonked themselves on the bed and I nestled myself between them, and kissed them both as I fondled their breasts. It again occurred to me how amazing it would be if they would kiss each other, but again I chickened out of the issue. I wasn't complaining and I just satisfied myself with the beautifully arousing French kisses I was receiving as my fingers explored their bodies.

The girls could see I needed no encouragement as my cock was now standing to attention but they amused themselves by stroking me with their fingers in a feather light fashion, which was as tantalizing as it was pleasurable. My cock twitched and elicited a sharp intake of breath as a response to their touch. I think I could quite happily have come that way if they continued, which might be interesting but I wanted to lose my load inside Alia. We weren't in any rush though and I was determined to derive as much pleasure from the afternoon as possible, so I asked Jasmine to give me a blow job, while Alia watched. 

Jasmine's and Alia's relative inexperience was a big plus point when it came to sucking cock. I think women over think blow jobs as they get more confident and performing mind-blowing fellatio is a rare skill. Jasmine's naïve, tentative approach was perfect. She did it so slowly - I almost hesitate to say - lovingly. Her technique was that she didn't have a technique but just bobbed her head gently with almost no pressure from her lips; just her soft, warm mouth enveloping my cock.

Alia lay by my side. I stroked her hair and kissed her face, until I thought Jasmine might take me too close to the edge. I asked her to stop and asked Alia if she would climb on my dick. She smiled her sexy, butter wouldn't melt smile and the girls swapped places. Jasmine sat on the bed as Alia guided my cock into her pussy. Fuck she was tight! Hot, wet and beautifully tight, so that she had to ease her weight down until I had fully penetrated her. I lay back as she began to ride my cock. Her movements were short, jerking thrusts of her hips, which must have made the tip of my nob nudge her spot. She responded with a kind of gasping squeak in time to each thrust. 

Jasmine had clearly learned how much I enjoy cunnilingus, and got up and then sat astride my face, giving my tongue perfect access to her pussy. Her pussy lips were sweet and tacky and I made a furrow with my tongue until I was licking her inner moisture. I squeezed her ass cheeks as I licked, and one way or another my senses were awash with sex. 

At some point Alia changed position and began bouncing on my cock. Jasmine moved too and sat behind her friend and cupped her breasts, which was the first homoerotic thing they had done and really turned me on. Amid all the shared enjoyment I asked Alia how she wanted me to come. 

"However you like," she said, touching her clit as she rose and fell on my cock.

After another couple of minutes of cowgirl, I suggested that I finish inside her doggy style.

"My favourite position," she answered, sexily.

She climbed off and I had her lean over the edge of the bed. I asked Jasmine to sit on the bed, so I could kiss her as I fucked Alia.

My cock was suddenly that little bit harder, as I spread her lips and pushed my cock into her cunt. She was very wet but almost equally tight, even more so in this position, which might explain her preference for it. I had to ease myself into her, moving in and out, until I got all the way in and I could fuck her properly. I was naturally a gentle person, but the urge to fuck her hard was overwhelming and I gradually increased the force of my thrusts as I held her under her waist. Her body rocked backwards and forwards against the bed, my hands cradling her weight and keeping her in just the right position. Jasmine put a hand around my neck and kissed me, as I drove my cock forcefully in and out of Alia's pussy. My balls were hitting her moist undercarriage, as the weight of spunk filled them to busting. Jasmine's kisses were amazing. She seemed to know just how to turn me on, as our tongues met in my growing passion and I could feel my orgasm getting close. 

Alia was getting very worked up herself and I was getting an extra work out from my athletic fucking. She was moaning loudly and obviously close to an orgasm. She implored me to keep going and squealed that she was coming as I was reaching the point of no going back. Suddenly she was overcome with the moment and had a very noisy orgasm as I ejaculated hard and our bodily fluids were well and truly exchanged. It was just fantastic sex. 

I was totally spent and felt like I had had a good work out. Alia looked at me as she knelt on the bed and smiled as she put a finger between her legs as my little swimmers dribbled out. Jasmine laughed and then looked at me sheepishly. I gave them both a kiss and thanked them for a wonderful afternoon.

"You're welcome!" said Jasmine, with a mixture of affection and just the right hint of giggly girliness.

Alia smiled and headed for the bathroom and Jasmine pushed me back onto the bed and began sucking my semi-flaccid dick. It was going to be a very nice afternoon... 

To be continued...