 This is a follow up to my story 'Good Neighbors' in which I, Jim, get introduced to Bobbie, a young fellow who lives in a nearby apartment with his mom. He was a virgin when I first met him and I opened him up in one of early get togethers but also got him all excited about fucking a woman for the first time. He does have one problem and that is that his cock is less than four inches and skinny when hard. I talked a girlfriend of mine, Sally, to introduce him to fucking in return for us letting her watch me fuck his ass but made her promise she wouldn't make any smart-ass comments about the size of his dick. She agreed and this is my recollection of that event

*****

"Bobbie, Sally is going to be here in an hour or so but I need you to take care of this now." 

As I was saying that I had opened my robe and my half-hard cock was beginning to point at him.

"Jim, tell me what you want me to do for you. You know I'll do whatever you ask." Bobbie replied.

"Why don't I let you surprise me and use your imagination on making me feel good?"

I walked over to the living room sofa and Bobby followed like a sheep. As soon as I sat on the sofa he was on his knees in front of me and was reaching for my tool.

It had been a couple of weeks since he gave me his last blowjob and I think that he missed that as much as I did. He soon had his tongue going around the head of my cock and stopping every now and then to slip the tip of it in my pee hole. While he was doing this he had moved a hand down to my scrotum and was squeezing it ever so lightly.

"Does that feel OK Jim?"

"Oh you are doing just fine. Keep it up."

He then began licking my shaft from the tip down to base. He had let his tongue get all slathered up with his saliva and was using the fingers on one hand to slide up and down the shaft as his tongue was doing its magic. He was really jacking me off with the hand but with the moisture from his mouth it felt more like I was slipping my cock into a warm wet pussy. Damn, it felt good. 

"Take me in your mouth Bobbie."

That was all it took. He went right into his deep throat routine. His very first move was to drop down on my cock so it was banging against the very back of his throat and then he pulled up as he began to gag on it. He then went part way up and down on me before dropping down to the base again. This time he went down a lot slower and eased my cock all the way into his throat. I'm, a solid 7 ½ inches and he almost had my entire cock buried. 

"Oh yes Bobbie. You are going great. Start pumping me."

Pump he did. He would go almost all the way up and off before dropping down to the base before repeating the action. His hand was lightly massaging my balls as he was doing this. 

I rested a hand on the back of his head and kept up a slight downward pressure as he was doing his thing. Every now and then I would exert more pressure and on that downward thrust he would go all the way to the deep throat position again. Mmmm this kid is a keeper.

"Bobbie, get up and get in the bedroom and drop your pants. I am going to fuck your ass once before Sally comes over. I want you loosened up before she watches us in action."

He was on his hands and knees on the bed almost before I got that entire sentence out. My cock was still wet from his mouth and I positioned myself behind him with my cock aimed at his tiny puckered asshole. I held his hips as I gave a little push and opened his love canal with the head of my cock before I pulled him back against me hard and threw my hips at him. I went in to the base with that one motion and he let out a little scream about me hurting him.

"Shut the fuck up. You know you're my little whore and I can do whatever I want with you. Throw your ass cunt back at me and fuck my cock without me having to make a move."

"OK Jim but I didn't think you would hurt me like that."

"I told you to shut up and get busy and have me splashing your anal canal with my joy juices. I've got a big load to fill you with."

A few more thrusts and I was shooting my white hot come up his tender ass. It was only three or four weeks ago that I opened his cherry ass wide open and we both loved it.

He was lying flat on the bed as I reached around and took his small cock in my hand and started to massage it lightly.

"Oh God Jim, you've never done that before."

It didn't take long before he was hard as a rod and his four incher was trying to poke a hole in the mattress.

"Turn over on your back Bobbie."

I slipped down and took his small thin shaft in my mouth. He was so small there wasn't any problem at all taking all of him. I bobbed up and down a few times and could feel him tense up. The young fellow was going to pop his cork quickly.

It wasn't long before he was shooting a decent sized load in my mouth and I slurped down every drop as I slipped my hand around to his ass and inserted a couple of fingers deep inside of him. We just lay there chatting a little and I reminded him that Sally was going to be over soon and was going to want to see me fucking his ass just before she let him put his little cock in her. 

Sally was right on time and when I answered the door I was still nude from the sex capades Bobbie and I had been going through and when Sally saw me all she said was, "So you couldn't wait for me?"

"Well honey, I just wanted to get him loosened up a bit first."

"Sally, let me introduce you to Bobbie. Bobbie, this is Sally."

Bobbie stammered and stuttered a bit but finally came out with "Hi."

I gave her a glass of wine and reminded her of her promise that she wasn't to make any comments on the size of Bobbie's cock. She repeated her promise.

I made the big announcement of "Well guys, we are here for one reason and that is to have Sally watch me fuck Bobbie's tight little ass and then have Bobbie slip his cock into Sally's sweet pussy and fuck her hard. What do you say we get started?"

Sally was as ready as she ever would be and had her clothes stripped off almost before I was finished with my last announcement. Bobbie, along with me was still nude from our little orgy.

"Let's retire to my bedroom and let the games begin."

I sat on the side of the bed and told Bobbie to get his mouth in gear and get me hard enough to open his asshole. He dropped to his knees and had me buried in an instant. I was only half hard so he had no trouble getting me completely buried. Sally came over real close so she could see exactly what was going on. A few deep thrusts and I was like a steel rod. 

"Bobbie, get up on your hands and knees on the bed and I'll fuck your ass doggie style."

By then Sally had stripped and Bobbie couldn't take his eyes off her nude body. I noticed that his eyes were bouncing from her tits down to her pussy and then back again. The young fellow was mesmerized at a sight he had never seen before.

"Bobbie, I'm going to take it easy on you and lube up my cock a little."

"Whatever you say Jim."

Sally just looked at me with his response. There was little question in her mind that Bobbie had turned into my sex slave.

I positioned the head of my cock in line with his puckered lips of his asshole and then grabbed his hips and both pushed my cock to him and pulled him back to me. I was soon in him a few inches. Sally had moved her face down so close to the action I thought I was going to be hitting her face with my hips. I did feel her reach out and pull my balls off to one side to give her a better look. She was breathing harder than I ever remember her doing when her and I were fucking before this night. 

Another push of my hips and a pull on his and I was in all the way.

This time it was Sally asking the question. "Bobbie, is that hurting you a lot?"

He didn't quite talk to her but grunted something to the effect, "No, it doesn't hurt too much." 

She continued with, "Jim, this is making me hotter than I can ever remember being."

I pulled out and said that we would change the scene a good bit.

"Sally, lay up on the bed on your back and I am going to have Bobbie here do some serious pussy licking. He has never done that before but you ought to explode in a hurry with just the thought of him putting a virgin tongue in your pussy. I'll still be fucking his ass so you can twist around and see some of that action if you would like to."

"Bobbie, I am going to show you what is referred to as 'eating pussy' and I expect you to do a great job at it for Sally. OK?"

He was beside himself with what he was going to be doing and I was eager to get him started. I moved down and positioned my face in front of her pussy and told him to look very carefully what I was going to be doing. I licked her puffy pussy lips before moving my tongue to search out her clit. As soon as she felt my tongue just barely touching her clit she started moaning.

"OK, you want to try it now?"

"If you say so but if am doing it wrong I hope you will tell me."

"Bobbie, it you are doing it wrong it won't be me who will tell you so ... Sally will let you know loud and clear."

He went after his new assignment with a vengeance and I could see Sally roll around with the pleasure she was feeling. I wasted no time in getting my cock lined up again in front of his asshole and driving it home. I did that in one long thrust and I could hear Bobbie gulp with the pain it caused him. It didn't take long before I was feeling the heat rising in my scrotum and the pressure in my balls let me know the end was near. Whew, maybe it was me fucking his ass but I got to think that it was the whole scene. My cock in the kids ass plus me showing him how to eat pussy and then watching him do it and then seeing and hearing her reaction to his movements in her pussy that turned me on big time. The load I shot up his ass was larger than I ever remember shooting before.

Sally wasted no time with her own orgasm for she was only a few minutes behind me. Bobbie's cock was as hard as it could be but neither Sally nor I touched the thing saving it for his fucking of her. I was willing to bet he wouldn't have it in her more than a couple of minutes, if that, before he was unloading.

I pulled out of his ass and told him to give her a break. He had accomplished what he had set out to do. He brought her to orgasm. He was as proud as a peacock with that announcement. 

"Well Sally, are you ready for him to ram his cock into your sweet juicy pussy?" I asked in a real stage voice.

Playing right along she purred, "Bobbie, why are you making me wait so long before I can feel your cock in me?"

Damn, he almost flipped out with that and raised up on the bed so they were face to face. I didn't want him to do any tittie licking for fear he would come even before his cock got anywhere near her pussy. Sally knew exactly what she was doing as she pulled his face to hers and locked onto his mouth with hers in a huge kiss. At the same time she pulled him over on top of herself, reached down and slipped a condom on him and then raised her legs in the air and used one hand to guide him into her. She pulled her mouth away to yell, 

"Fuck me Bobbie." 

That was all it took. He moved his ass a few times and he was unloading.

"Oh God, that was too fast." He moaned.

"No problem Bobbie. The next time will be better." She cooed.

"NEXT time?" he asked.

"Well sure. You didn't think I was going to let you get away from me with only one fuck did you?" 

She got out from under him and made her way off the bed and into the bathroom. On her way with her back to him she looked at me with a big smile and had her eyebrows raised all the way up to her hairline. I was damn glad I got the promise from her about the size of his cock.

We lounged around my apartment for the next hour or so and it did appear that Bobbie was getting comfortable being nude in front of her. I served a few glasses of wine and then thought I would give Sally a little reward for being such a good sport.

'Bobbie, I'm sure you will agree that Sally has been damn nice participating in our little orgy and I think I have come up with a way for you to thank her." 

"Oh sure Jim. Whatever you say and Sally I am so glad you let me join in with you guys."

She didn't say anything n return but I saw the question on her face about my suggestion of a way for Bobbie to show his appreciation. 

"Sally, slide up and lay on your back. Bobbie, position yourself between her legs the way you were before when you were eating her pussy but this time take her legs up on your shoulders and lift her ass off the bed. Now, get our tongue busy licking her asshole. I want you to lick all around it before you slip your tongue up in there as far as you can get it."

Sally just began a huge moan as she heard my instructions to him for she knew she loved her ass to be eaten. I had done it numerous times for her and she went a little crazy every time. 

She was almost throwing her ass at his face as he got in position and I leaned over and gave her a big kiss just about the time his tongue made its first contact with her puckered asshole. I let one hand lightly massage her tits as I was kissing her and she flung both arms around my neck and didn't seem to want to let me go. I finally freed myself and got down to see if Bobbie was treating her tender ass the way she liked it.

"Bobbie, let one of your hands slide up and lightly touch her clit as you are tonguing her ass and now that you have that underway I am going to slip around and slide my cock up your ass Bob."

He just nodded and I was in to the hilt with one long lunge and I could feel that my thrust helped him drive his tongue even further up her ass than it had been. 

While all of this was going on Bobbie had reached his free hand down to his cock and was jacking it as fast as he could. I could feel him spasm and knew he had just unloaded on the bed and it was only a few seconds later that Sally had her own explosion. She quickly pulled out from under his face and away from his mouth so she could slide down to get another birds eye view of my cock slamming his ass. She quickly moved her hand to my balls and was squeezing them softly as I was pounding away hard and deep. She knew exactly when I was coming for she could feel the tension rising in my balls. She was right. I shot stream after stream up his ass and she had gotten exactly what she wanted to see ...me fucking a guy's ass.

I got up and headed for a shower but it looked as if Sally was going to give Bobbie her second promised fuck. 

"Bobbie, come here and let me get my hands on your love tool." She whispered.

"Sally, I just had an orgasm. I am not sure I could do it again so quickly."

"Bobbie, that will be up to me. Come over and let me see what I can do."

Sure enough a few minutes of her jacking him off and then dropping her mouth to his cock and he was hard and ready for more action. She rolled a condom on him and he was ready to go.

She wasn't going to waste any more time exploring new ways with the boy so she had him roll on top of the same as he did the previous time and she raised her legs to help him get in her. This time she pulled his face down between here huge breasts and told him to kiss and suck on her nipples. Whew, that was all it took before he was exploding again but this time he didn't shoot very much but he was in his glory.

Bobbie stayed around for another half hour or so before I ushered him out of my place. Sally and I had some serious fucking to do and she was anxious to get a full sized dick in her.