 The next few nights I kept a close eye on their bedroom window at 8:00, just hoping to get another show. I still hadn't told my wife Crystal about the performance I'd seen that night. But rather had hoped for another so we could have a little "performance " of our own. 

Because of work and stuff, Robert and I didn't see each other till three days later. Although I'd seen his wife Ginny and all she did was smile, say "hi" and wink. He came over on the pretense of borrowing a wrench. As soon as we were out of Crystal earshot he asked, "so what did ya think?" All I could do was grin at first. "Very nice , very nice pal" Laughing quietly he said, " I told Ginny afterwards that you were watching .....and now she wants to give you another show" . *gulp* Smiling now , " that would be cool ...tell me when cause I want Crystal to watch ". "Ok", Robert replied, "how's tonight?". "Looking forward to it", I almost whispered , Actually I wanted to run upstairs and start waiting now. 

And again , as fate again would have it, my wife had to go out that night. Some Tupperware or kitchen party that she had forgotten about till that night. So ...again I waited upstairs that night to see Ginny getting fucked. Eight o'clock sharp the show started. With me again sitting in the dark, this time with both binoculars and the bottle of motion lotion we keep in the top drawer. 

Ginny and Robert concentrated more on oral sex tonight, and kept the pace a lot slower than the time before. Ginny gave Robert the longest , slowest blow I'd ever seen or imagined. Pure torture, she was only licking his swollen head, while rubbing his balls as he lay on the bed. Robert leaned over and pulled out a bag , which I instantly recognized, from under the bed. Ginny stopped for a sec , just long enough to take the oil from out of there "toy" bag. She squirted some on Roberts balls and kept her slow pace . 

She rubbed his balls gently, working them with the same pace she was giving the knob of his cock. As she rubbed lower his legs came up slightly and her hand trailed down to his ass. Which is what I thought , so I fumbled for the binoculars , just to get a real close look. Sure enough Ginny had been poking at his asshole and had been taking long slow mouthfuls of cock , engulfing him whole. 

Robert could only take this for a minute as he sat up and she leaned to kiss him on the lips. He took her hand and motioned her to lay on the bed. Ginny's turn for some oral treats had her squirming slowly on the bed. 

*slam* My head spun around, who the hell was here I thought?. I'd locked the door before I came to the bedroom. "Heellllooooo", Crystal called out. Shit. I quickly put the binoculars under the bed with the lotion and went to the bedroom door. Then thought to myself ....perfect. I could get Crystal up here just in time. 

"Up here hon " I called down. She came up stairs to find me sitting in the dark. "what's up you? ....were you waiting for me up here?", she giggled. "Well Crystal ", I started, "you're gonna have to look for yourself" And I held her hand and motioned in the darkness to the neighbors house. "Oh" she exclaimed loudly. Ginny had her legs up tight to her chest and Robert was giving her long licks between what looked like his index finger working it's way in and out of her pussy.

"Have they been at this for long?", Crystal asked. " Oh, since about 8:00", I whispered. Then we sat in silence , Crystal fixated on Roberts face and tongue. 

"This isn't the first time I've seen them you know " , my wife hoarsely whispered. "I've seen them walk around naked very often.....and once ", Her voice lowered even more, "I watched Ginny suck Robert till he came in her mouth". Slightly giggling, I asked, " why didn't you tell me?". "Well , I didn't want you to think I'd been spying on them, cause I know you know that I .......uh....flirt with Robert ". Laughing quietly, "You shouldn't worry, Hon, cause I'm not". She kissed me , fully and longingly, and said " I love you". 

Then we turned our attention back to the live sex show out our bedroom window. 

Robert had moved onto the bed into a 69 with his sweet wife. His blond hair between her dark skinned thighs. Her lips back to giving him a slow torturous suckling. 

Crystal breaths were getting shorter as we cuddled in the dark. My hand made it's way up her thigh to find her hand already kneading her cunt thru the fabric of her pants. I stopped her and said, " perhaps we should strip ". That's all it took and she was losing clothing , while not missing any of the sex in front of her eyes. Her hands went for my cock and she kept the rhythm that Ginny was giving her husbands cock. I glanced at the digital clock on the nightstand, 8: 43 it read. These two had been at it for three quarters of an hour just licking each others sex. 

I wanted to give my wife the pleasure that Robert was giving Ginny, but I didn't want to miss anything either. Crystal sensing this moved to the window and motioned for me to fuck her from behind. I wasted no time and placed my cockhead to her pussy, and slowly pushed it in till our bodies met. My hands reached up to run my fingers through my wifes blond curls. Her head tipped back to kiss me. Then we picked up the pace, our bodies slapping as we met each time. 

Ginny must have had an orgasm. Her lips left Roberts cock momentarily to mouth to us a moan. She was now looking at our window dreamily as if to let us know what Robert had just done to her. Robert as if on some cue, spun off of his satisfied wife. His purple cockhead looking as if ready to burst aimed right at his wifes cunt. He fell cock first into her pussy, tipping his head back, he went to work grinding his cock into her. I did the same. Crystal was nearing an orgasm of her own, her breathe shortening. Her pussy tightening around my cock driving me to pound harder into her. I couldn't take anymore, her cunt tightening, giving me pleasure beyond belief. She exploded first letting out a small shriek. Making my heart jump as it had been awhile since she came that hard on my cock. Robert fucked Ginny relentlessly, giving her a mixed expression of pleasure and pain at once. Robert tensed and pulled out of his wife's slicked cunt. She scrambled down to his cock and engulfed the shiny purple head. He let out a groan , or looked like he did, and then watched his load once again be swallowed by his wife's expert cocksucking. 

This was too much for me, but before I could cum , Crystal moved away. Reaching over she flicked the overhead light on so that our neighbors could see clearly into our well lit bedroom. Grabbing my cock and guiding it back into her slippery twat, I almost missed both our neighbors snapping there heads to now see the two of us fucking right before their eyes. Knowing that the two of them had their attention on us made me fuck harder. I held on to Crystal , holding her tits in my hands, giving me a good grip as I pounded into her tight hole. As my young wife readied for my cum , she pulled away and dropped to her knees. Plunging my cock into her throat as far as it would go, holding my ass she pumped till I was weak in the knees ready to explode. My eyes left my wifes face for but a moment to see Ginny, wide eyed, staring at us. One last thrust and I prepared to pull from my wifes lips and spray cum , but she tightened her grip on me and continued to get her face fucked as I let go. My knees buckled slightly as she swallowed for the first time. She choked a little but kept it up till I had nothing else to give. She pulled off me and made a little popping sound on purpose , as if to leave a little exclamation point to the event. 

After steadying myself, I looked at Crystal, who already was looking at the window next door. Both Ginny and Robert were clapping their hands as if to give us a little ovation. We both waved back and smiled. Looking at each other and laughing we sank onto the bed to take into account the events of the night. (Robert and Ginny had gone to their living room , as we later found out, to prepare for the next show)

It was then that i told Crystal about Robert asking if I'd like to watch , and how he'd like the both of us to see them. I also told her about Robert looking for likeminded swingers, and how it seemed like an open invitation. I was ready, though I didn't say anything to my wife , leaving it open to her. Crystal said she liked to watch , that it excited her ....but was unsure about actually having sex with them. So....we left it at that for the time being.

To Be Continued...