 If you have come to this story at this chapter without reading the first two parts, a very brief summary will be necessary. I am 45 years old and Jasmine and Alia are 18. They are both very levelled headed and exceptionally academic and had enrolled on my geology course as 'something to do.' Now in a gap year, they were to embark on a three month trip to Mauritius in March 2017. However, as of last September, 2016, they were struggling to fulfil their quest for want of capital and that's where I came in, with my wholly inappropriate and self-serving offer to make up their missing cash out of my own pocket. The full context behind this, is explained in parts one and two.

It was now December and I had led the last geology field trip of the year a couple of weeks earlier. I had been seeing Jasmine and Alia on and off for about four months. They would come round about once every ten days or so, on average. Once or twice we had met twice in the same week, and there had been a longer gap if they were away or it was inconvenient in other ways. 

I should add that having read a few stories on here that I suspect I am quite a vanilla sex kind of guy. I have never been fond of rough stuff. Gagging, choking, slapping and that sort of thing doesn't turn me on at all. 

Two things happened that were especially noteworthy since my last instalment. One of the guys on my course had been obviously making overtures in Jasmine's direction for some time. He was a tad older than she, but his body language and some of his behaviour clearly demonstrated that he had the hots for her. Now, our arrangement hadn't ever led me to broach the subject of their relationships. I knew that they were both single and that they had no particular ambitions in that direction for the time being. At the same time, there had always been an understanding that after a polite duration when I had had 'my money's worth' that there was no expectations or commitment. 

I can honestly say that I was more than satisfied with the arrangements, but naturally being a man, I wasn't going to be the one to call a halt to things while they were willing to let me blow my load in their company. So, when this guy, who I'll call Pete eventually asked Jasmine out, I was somewhat surprised and delighted that when she gently let him down. 

The girls would often fire questions at me about the rocks on Facebook messenger and it was also our main means of communication, fixing dates and that sort of thing. It was on one such occasion about two weeks ago when I decided to ask Jasmine about Pete and if she was okay continuing our liaison. It went something like this.

'Hi James.'

'Hi Jasmine.'

'Did you send the notes on the last lecture and stuff?'

'No, sorry. Thanks for reminding me. I'll email it tonight.'

'Cool, thanks.'

'btw...Jas?'

'Yeah.'

'Tell me if it's none of my business, but are you okay with everything?'

'Yeah it's fine, why?'

'I just thought with Pete and things.'

'Pete on the geology course?'

'Yes.'

'What about him?'

'I thought he had asked you out.'

'Yes, he did kind of. I told him I wasn't interested in dating or anything.'

'Oh. Okay, good.'

'lol.'

'Well, you know...'

'Ha ha yeah.'

'So, we must be due for a session...'

'I know. I'll speak to Alia. Is this weekend good?'

'Yeah definitely.'

So, I could only deduce from this exchange that Jasmine was more than happy with our little set up and was finding that all her own requirements were satisfied. Both girls were very active participants during our ménage a trois and had proper full on orgasms, which was very rewarding from my point of view. They were both to begin their trek on Mauritius in March, and Jasmine at least didn't need any distractions before that, which suited me. Alia was very quiet and absolutely gorgeous and wasn't, I imagine the easiest girl to ask out. I felt decidedly lucky to be servicing her as well as Jasmine. It might be obvious, I don't know but if it isn't, let me say that having two girls together is more than double the pleasure of one. The sensations of two mouths and tongues on your cock at the same time is unbelievable. Having a girl on your face while one is sucking or fucking your cock is beyond amazing. 

It had been nearly three weeks since our last get together and I was really looking forward to the weekend. Jasmine had passed her driving test now and had saved up for a second hand car, mainly from the money I had given her, as well as from the Saturday job she had in town. She picked Alia up, en route to mine and they arrived just after lunchtime.

I had become very vain and conscious of my physique and had been hitting the weights all autumn as well as the treadmill and I had definitely honed a half decent physique. I only had to look about me at work and around town to know that keeping fit was very much the exception and I hoped the girls appreciate the effort I had put in to stay in shape. Conversely, I owed them thanks for providing me with the incentive of getting fit. I was never a slouch, but I had doubled my work outs and time on the running machine. I felt so much better as a result and that just improved the sex, too. 

The second significant event came to light shortly after the girls arrived that Saturday afternoon. There was the usual tap on the door. The girls were dressed in black leggings and pullovers. They looked singularly hot however they dressed to be totally honest. It was customary for me to give them a polite peck on the cheek followed by a proper kiss. Kissing them turned me on instantly, and they both enjoyed deep French kissing and were good at it, too. I kissed them as I ran my hands inside their pullovers and between their legs. Leggings (yoga pants) are delightful. They are very practical while being kind of accidentally erotic. I loved the way I could squeeze their ass cheeks and feel the groove of their pussies as I pressed my tongue into their soft mouths. As I broke from the particular clinch I was having with Alia, the girls looked at me in a slightly odd way. It's hard to describe... they looked mischievous, which was not normally in their manner. They were naturally charming and demure while being very hot. This was in itself an arousing combination. But the way looked at me, there and then was something else.

I had casually mentioned to Jasmine a while ago, that I thought two girls getting it on was very erotic. I didn't suggest directly that they should make out or whatever when we were together, although of course that's what I would have liked. They were so sweet and sexy in their own way with their brown eyes and Asian complexions and having them get it on would be amazing, but I never expected them to do it.

Jasmine cupped my erection with her hand and put her other hand around Alia's waist. For the first time the girls began to touch each other. It wasn't a lot to begin with. Jasmine put a hand up Alia's sweater and stroked her. To my amazement, this led to a bout of mutual fondling, touching each other through their tops and so on. Then they began to kiss! 

I stood behind Jasmine and put my hand down the front of her leggings as she kissed her friend. They made such a lovely soft wet sound when they kissed. I pressed my hardness into Jasmine's ass as I fingered her pussy. She was delightfully wet as usual and she slid a hand over the outline of my erection in response to my fingering. I changed positions and stood behind Alia as the girls continued to kiss and allowed my fingers to explore inside Alia's panties. As expected, she was nicely lubricated with her usual gooey wetness and I looked forward to licking them later and have their lovely juices in my mouth.

They accepted my suggestion to take things upstairs and I continued to fondle and canoodle with them on my bed. I was quick to get my jeans off, to relieve the pressure on my cock. The girls know how I like to undress them, so it was down to me to peel off their pullovers and roll down their leggings. 

Once down to their underwear I encouraged them to kiss again. I didn't push them to do anything else, rather preferring to let things take their course. I relieved the girls of their bras and removed my boxers before rolling down their panties. I ran my fingers through their hair and gently pushed them together, which made their boobs squish together. It didn't need any more encouragement from me to get them to kiss again, which was even more erotic with them both naked. 

I stood to their side and slid my fingers between their bum cracks and down between their legs, making circular movements between their pussy lips. As my fingers were now coated with their sweet juices, I offered my fingers to their mouths. In the passion of the moment they happily licked my fingers. Their hot mouths felt almost as good around my fingers as their little tight cunts. My cock was so hard now and I was more than ready to put it somewhere nice and wet.

I got the girls to sit side by side on the bed and asked them to kiss and fondle each other's breasts at the same time. They seemed mildy amused by my request but acceded non the less. I watched with unbridled lust -- my dick throbbing and as they were in mid kiss, I stroked their hair and introduced my cock between their lips. I breathed hard from the pleasure of having my nob sandwiched between their lips until the impulse to put my cock in Alia's mouth was overwhelming. I fucked her pretty face while I fondled Jasmine's tits and then swapped mouths, and let Jasmine slowly blow my cock. I stood between them for a while and got very close to shooting my load, but I wanted to save it until I had no choice. One thing I have learned with the girls is that eventually I would just come with almost no stimulation if they teased me for long enough. Sometimes I would come inside them with fucking, but sometimes it was nice just to let them tickle me with their tongues until it pushed me over the edge. Playing with two hot eighteen year olds provided an endless amount of erotic combinations.

Somehow the oral delights gave my throbbing cock a little respite and I was still hard but my former urgency to ejaculate had passed. I knelt between Alia's legs and parted her thighs, until her moist pink pussy lips peeled open to reveal their warm nectar. I had her lie back as I delved my tongue into her pussy. She was so sweet with a hint of muskiness. This was enough to get my cock raging again. I got Jasmine to join me, kneeling on the carpet and kissed her with Alia's juices still coating my lips and tongue. She responded passionately to my kisses, as I drilled a finger into Alia's pussy. I now took a risk. Both girls had been happy to lick their own juice from my fingers, but I wondered what Jasmine's reaction might be when I withdrew my moistened finger from Alia's pussy and invited her to lick it clean. She looked at me with that glimmer of mischief that I had seen earlier and closed her mouth around my digit and slowly sucked on it. Seeing my reaction, Jasmine stroked the underside of my cock and I kissed her deeply. At the same time, I took Alia's hand and pulled her towards me. 

"Have a seat on the bed," said Alia, interrupting my co-ordination of the situation.

"Okay, have you two been planning something?"

"You'll have to see," said Jasmine, sliding off the bed and joining her friend, kneeling on the carpet.

I sat on the edge of the bed as instructed. My cock was fully hard and I felt very exposed and vulnerable to whatever they had in store. The girls nestled each side of my thighs and began to stroke my legs gently. They looked at me with those smouldering brown eyes and I could see that they intended to exploit every last ounce of my lustful desires.

I watched them with my heart pounding as they turned to each other and kissed. They continued to stroke my legs as they kissed until their fingers were pawing at the shaft of my cock. My urge to come after previously subsiding was now stronger than ever and seeing these two 'butter wouldn't melt' beauties making out was about the best turn on there is. 

After what must have been a minute or two of them French kissing, they snuggled together and began to lick my cock. I had had quite a few very memorable blow jobs from both girls now, but I sensed this was going to be a whole different level. They licked me so slowly and around every part of my bell end. I waited for them to begin sucking my dick, but I realised after a time that it was going to be a long wait -- they just continued to lick and kiss my hard on. When they weren't doing that they paused to kiss each other, sometimes my cock becoming a sandwich between their lips. After a few minutes of this I was seriously struggling to hold it together. 

"Are you all right, James?" asked Alia. A pointless question that drew giggles from Jasmine.

I was beyond speech by now and they continued to lick my cock, either rolling their tongue over the sensitive stringy cord or stroking me with their lips. It was a blissful agony. I was constantly on the edge of an orgasm and yet they seemed to know how to ease off just enough to keep me on the edge. I think it was the way they glanced up at me as they pleasured me that did it in the end.

I had lasted almost ten minutes although I wasn't counting, but it seemed about that. My cock was rigid and a healthy shade of purple, glistening with their saliva. The constant stimulation, the sight of their beautiful naked bodies and black hair and their palpable sexuality just became too much. 

My first reaction was a kind of shivering sensation, as an orgasm the like of which I have not known before wracked my body coincided with a drizzle of clear pre-cum oozing from my slit. 

The girls just carried on and the clear fluid became a positive fountain of thick white cum, which shot out in three or four thick ropes. I was trembling and groaning like a bear as I came, my cum spilling on to their lips as well as all over my belly and legs. I think if I had attempted to get up then, I would have fainted. I felt giddy.

I'm normally able to get going fairly soon after my ejaculation with the girls' help, but they had drained me physically and emotionally. I was spent.

I'll come back with part four, soon, when I can relay the time the girls agreed to dress up for me in their hockey kit.