 After the shows we'd both exchanged, things settled down between us and our neighbors. Although Crystal and I continued to have great sex. We spent more time working on our house doing a few minor renovations. Robert and Ginny kept themselves busy as well, with us only seeing them a few times over the next few weeks. 

After about a month Crystal came home one Saturday morning after having coffee next door with Ginny. Her body language was rather odd I thought. She went upstairs after chatting briefly. I followed a few minutes later and asked her if she was okay. 

Which she said, "Oh...I'm okay...Ginny was just telling me about some of the ...um...stuff her and Robert have done over the last year."

"Oh yeah?"...leaving this open for her to give me details. 

"She told me of the different people that have been there with her and Robert... having sex." 

"Oh really?" I enquired. "She told me all about the men she has fucked in front of Robert ...and the women that he has fucked in front of her...and ..." 

"And?" I questioned. 

"And she told me she licked another woman's pussy ...and ...how she was fucked by three men at once...and she's done it more than once that way." Her breathing was getting quite heavy. 

"What do you think of her doing that?" I asked. 

"What do you think?" she answered my question with a question. 

"Would you like to try some of things?" 

"I'm not sure ...it makes me hot thinking about Ginny doing it...but I don't know if I could..." Her voiced trailed off.

She reached over and tugged at my pants. Within a few minutes we were enjoying some good morning fucking. The next week went uneventful. Although not through lack of me looking. Every chance I got I would have a look next door hoping to see Ginny getting fucked. Friday morning she came out as I was going to work and gave me a warm smile and asked how I was doing. 

She was wearing baggy sweatpants, but her T-shirt could barely contain her full round breasts as they tried to fall from her top. She bounced by me with a wicked grin and asked if I'd been a good boy and if I'd been keeping Crystal happy. I grinned and said something not too terribly witty and went off to work. Daydreaming on the way to work that perhaps my mischievous neighbor was seducing my beautiful wife. Work went quick and I got home to find Crystal had gone out shopping with Ginny. 

When she got home we ate dinner I had made and she told me some more stuff Ginny had told her while they were out shopping. Everything from orgy's to bringing home either another man or woman to have fun with ...to giving private shows such as the one they had given us. After talking about it for an hour or so ...we ended up in the bedroom, up close to the window... fucking shamelessly. Afterwards Crystal told me that they were having a party next door the very next night and that we are invited to join. My mind was racing ...thinking of all sorts of situations. But Crystal snuffed that out saying" I don't know if I'm ready to do that honey." 

 went with my wife's request and waited. The next day it went through my head all day...thinking of Ginny and Robert...as they had the other times letting us in on their private little world. What would have tonight been like if we'd gone there. "Oh well" I thought . "It'll happen when it happens." By dinner time Crystal became very quiet. I asked her if she was fine. 

"I'm okay...just thinking that's all." 

"Ginny said we could watch!" she blurted out. 

"Oh really? We can?" 

"But I don't want to sit right there at their feet and watch though ...I'd be too embarrassed," she offered. "But we could watch through the window again," she excitedly whispered. As if she didn't want the neighbors to hear. 

"Ok...we'll watch then " So there we were. Sitting in our house as the sun slowly sank. Both of us teasing each other with little squeezes here and there...in anticipation of what we'd see that night. 'Slam!' A car door closed. We both stood at our bedroom window looking down as three figures moved from the front of a Jeep and walked to Robert and Ginny's gate. 

The first person through was a woman with long dark hair about 5'5" and very pretty. She had on a little micro mini skirt and a little black top that had a very nice set of round tits inside. As she got through the gate she jumped and laughed as the next person slapped her ass. This guy was a tall broad shouldered black man. He was about 6' 2" and very muscular. Dressed in jeans and a black vest , my wife stared at him as he walked from the gate down the walkway between out houses to the backyard. The last guy was a bit shorter then the first guy, but was white and sorta looked a bit like Robert. They stayed out in the backyard with Robert and Ginny for some time. Having quite a few cocktails and laughs. 

They made a few jokes out loud, which nobody else but us and them could hear or see, as both our yards are quite private. Ginny made some joke to the other woman about breast size and the other woman undid her top quickly to reveal two beautiful tits with nice little round nippes atop them. I stood behind my wife and grabbed hers and whispered, " but yours are rounder and nicer than those...you should show her" I chuckled nervously. Crystal laughed nervously too. 

With the removal of the girls top the party seemed to take shape quickly. Robert walked up and started to squeeze the girls tits. The black guy had Ginny sitting on his lap as she ground herself into him ..the other guy moved forward and Ginny undid his pants and out fell his cock before her. She took it into her mouth and licked the head quickly. Robert called out to everyone to bring their drinks inside so they could continue. 

Ginny didn't want to let go of the prick in her mouth ...but unwillingly did so. Crystal grabbed my hand and squealed "follow me." I ran down the stairs behind her." Get some shoes on ,"she hissed. I did so and followed her outside. She made her way along the edge of the house and behind a hedge we have till we were up against the neighbors house. 

"Stay quiet," she whispered. "Ginny told me to come here if were too shy to come over."

"She won't tell anyone were here...but she almost begged me to watch ...she doesn't want us to miss out." We both sat quietly in the slowly nearing late spring night. As our neighbors and their sexual playmates moved into the den at the back end of the house. Robert gathered glasses and headed off to get everyone fresh drinks. Ginny slid up beside the man whose cock she had been sucking and reached into his pants and pulled it out again. It was fairly big!. As Ginny leaned down she opened her mouth to fit as much as she could in one gulp. She pulled off and it had grown to an even more impressive size. She led the man to the middle of the room and directed the other woman to have a "go" at sucking the erect cock before them. 

Ginny strode across the room to the window we were at, I froze not wanting her to see us. Ginny opened the window and looked down quickly. With a wicked grin she spoke out loud, "There we'll give our neighbors something to talk about!" 

With that she spun away as the others laughed. Robert returned with the drinks and looked at the two in the middle of the room. "I guess you won't be needing this quite yet ...will ya Shelly?" She nodded and half smiled with her mouth full. Slurping at the cock before her, she almost had it at was to be the full erectness. "Shall we begin!" Ginny excitedly exclaimed. 

"Shelly can you give me a hand please!." Shelly obeyed immediately letting the purple monster loose from her lips. She stayed on her knees and moved towards Ginny. She only had a few items to remove, her top already half off, exposing her large round tits. Capped with little round nipples, this is what Shelly reached for first. Standing for a moment she removed Ginny's top and gave her nipples each a little pinch. Lowering herself again, she slowly drew down Ginny's shorts, the tight denim not letting go of the soft flesh they were gripping. Ginny bent forward as her shorts reached her knees. Shelly's tongue snaked a trail up Ginny's leg till she found her quim, well exposed before her. She gave it a few quick pokes with her tongue, concentrating on her cunt hole, pushing it in further with each stroke. Pulling back both ass cheeks she gave her little pink puckered hole a few tongue lashings as well. Ginny let out a long moan. As she struggled to keep her balance she looked back at Shelly and hissed, " Fuck my ass ...now!." 

Shelly took the command and drilled her erect tongue into Ginny. Reaching under her she had a handful of cunt as well as she rubbed furiously. Ginny looked up at the men around her and asked them to please get ready. They complied immediately. Taking a moment to look at my wife. ( Actually her breathing had quickened and caught my attention) She had unbuttoned the two top buttons on her little summer dress and I caught sight of cleavage heaving beneath the thin material. Her hand had disappeared under her dress as she was trying to watch everything before her. T

he men had now all disrobed. Robert, who by now we'd seen nude a few times, sipped on his drink , watching his wife taking the little dark-haired woman's tongue deep in her ass. Crystal's eyes kept roving till the black guy turned to face us. I looked as well to see a huge piece of meat between this guys' legs. He pulled on it a few times, still facing down it was massive. Crystal licked her lips and watched, not moving her stare while he continued to stroke it. Slowly it grew as he watched the two nymphs before him. "Good!...everyone's ready then!', Ginny clapped her hands and stood up. Shelly wiped the spit and pussy juice combination off of her face. 

With that Ginny motioned to the men to move a large overstuffed armchair into the center of the room. She then had them move a large freestanding old fashioned mirror near the chair as well. Flopping down in the chair she nicely asked, "Please come here all my lovely cocks!" 

Standing around her, she pulled on each one briefly before going to the next. Ginny took one cock each for no more than 5 seconds before moving on to the next. "Robert...I believe Shelly needs a little help," she squeaked out between cocks. Shelly had been standing behind the chair and had her hand under her short skirt and had been keeping herself occupied till now. She smiled as Robert gave her a hug and then twirled her around. 

Reaching at her from behind he unbuttoned the few buttons on her little top and let her breasts out for all to see. Cupping her tits briefly, he tugged at her skirt. His hands sliding down her trim tanned belly till they landed at her hips. He gave her skirt a tug and they fell, revealing a skimpy pair of red panties. He motioned her to fall forward as Ginny had just done moments before. He slid the panties down off her ass quickly, revealing two round tanned ass cheeks. 

Dropping them to the floor, he kissed her legs and bent over ass. Nibbling on her cheeks she let out a little yelp. At that he spread her cheeks apart and forced his tongue into her pussy. She threw her head back as Robert must have been giving her his best. Ginny pulled off the black cock she had in her mouth and smiled at Robert. She looked up at the two men who belonged to the pricks she had been engulfing and stopped for a moment. "Gentlemen...if you would be so kind to oblige me?" giggling she asked them, "please ...Darren can you stand here please" At which the other guy moved to behind the armchair. "And you ...Russell ...please... can you fuck me?" The black man did as he was asked and moved behind Ginny. She hopped up on the chair backwards with her legs spread out on each arm. She looked back at the man behind her and winked. Reaching forward she took Darren's cock in hand and gave the knob on the end a long suck. Russell had been giving Ginny's cunt a workout with his big fingers, rubbing her pussy lips.

Robert had reached into a drawer on a side table and produced a tube of some sort of gel. He gave it a squeeze till he had a sizable amount in his hand. Rubbing it to Shelly's well exposed pussy, he waved it in the air till Russell noticed. Russell took it as well and squirted it on Ginny's rear. Giving her ass a little slap, he too massaged it onto her butt and along the inside of her legs. Taking a little more, he took two fingers and gave her cunt a rough working over till she was humming with a cock halfway down her throat.

Shelly had her eyes closed and Robert continued to massage her hole vigorously. Taking each finger and sliding them in and out of her pussy then slipping one occasionally into her ass, causing her to moan rather loudly. " Russell!...Fuck me!" was the command Ginny gave. Only stopping the oral assault on Darren's cock long enough to say it out loud. The black man grabbed the lube and squirted another generous amount onto his cock and gave it a couple of long tugs. 

Positioning himself behind Ginny he guided the tool into her ready cunt. Her legs spread well-wide to give much needed room to her lover. "Fuck me ...fuck me" she kept begging. Slowly he sank into her as far as he could with one stroke, getting in further than I thought she could handle. "HHhhmmmm," my wife gave out a little moan of approval. Ginny kept working on the cock in her mouth, the only change in her expression coming from her eyes closing as Russell sank further and further into her. Still , he couldn't quite fit it all in. 

Ginny had all but fully taken in the cock in her mouth, with eyes closed tight she was forcing the cock into her throat. Darren, holding onto her head, was pumping into her mouth at breakneck speed. Robert and Shelly, not missing the show in front of them, had turned around and been fucking with Shelly bent over still, holding her asscheeks wide open. Crystal grabbed my cock, startling me. " Give me some loving...I need your cock in me!."...she tried whispering ,only to have it come out hoarsely. I moved behind her swiftly and quietly and slid into her. 

She was wetter than I remember her ever being , her hand rubbing her clit as I buried my manhood deep into her. She panted quietly in the dark as our neighbors continued with the sex show. By now Russell had three quarters of his thick cock in Ginny, her head still bobbing on Darren's cock. She had one hand furiously rubbing her clit as this went on. She stopped sucking on the prick before her to give another command. "Shelly...come...uh...here..." 

Without a word she stood up to Roberts' dismay. "Come help me get off...with your tongue...uuhh..." Russell spread his legs further apart to give his smaller partner room. Ginny spread wider as well, lowering her hips. Shelly craned her head upwards, as she got into place under the couple, her tongue snaking out to find Ginny's swollen clit immediatly. "UuuuhhhHHhhhmmmmm" Ginny growled. Returning quickly to Darren's cock, she again swallowed it. Robert, seeing Shelly's legs wide open crawled between them and returned his digits to her pussy hole and playfully licked her little love button.

All connected now in a little chain they stayed there to grind out their lust together. Crystal looked over her shoulder at me and gave a little devious smile, continuing as well to push back into me with her wet cunt. "AAAAAaaaaarrrhhhhhh," Ginny shrieked , letting herself go with a long orgasm. Scaring both of us outside, as she shrieked again.

The second scare came when she looked into the mirror as she took back in the cock before her. Her gaze fell right to us. I froze for a second, then realized she was sharing herself with us as well. I continued to fuck my wife as she tried to stifle her own little grunts. Ginny pulled off the Darren's cock once again and clapped her hands this time. "Ok ...time to...switch again."..Crystal and I stopped fucking , waiting to see what Ginny had in mind next. Russell backed up and his cock popped out of Ginny. Robert and Shelly moved too. Ginny hopped up , giddy as could be. 

She grabbed Darren by the cock leading him to the chair, pushing him back till he fell onto it. She grabbed Shelly's head, rather roughly too, telling her, "Get it slick for me ." Shelly did as she was told taking more than half in the first gulp. Standing there watching the other two waited for their command. Ginny moved back onto the armchair as she had been before. Shelly slid away to the left a little as Ginny lowered her hips, the smaller woman gripping Darren's cock tight as Ginny impaled it. 

She rode it rough till she could settle fully on it. " Robert ...lover come here "she panted. He stood in front of her stroking his cock. "Russell get your cock ready ...for my ass." He did as he was told grabbing the tube of lubricant, he gave it a dozen or two good strokes making it slick. Shelly, without taking Ginny's order, quickly moved behind her spread loinsand grabbed her asscheeks hard. Again, snaking her tongue out, she poked at the puckered hole before her. Ginny again had wide grin on her face, her cunt full of cock and a pretty little sex slave licking her asshole. After giving her ass a good tonguing, Shelly moved out of her man's way. 

Russell got into place and poked his thumb into her ass, gasping Ginny asked for more. He pulled on his cock again, letting the head rest on her pink hole. She hissed, "Fuck me Russell...Put that beautiful cock in...fill me up...Darren fuck me slow now ...real slow...please..." At that she grabbed Roberts cock and sucked it in. Russells cock head popped in and Ginny squealed with her husbands prick deep in her throat. Shelly had her hands roaming between the two men fucking Ginny and Ginny's clit. 

Again before too long Ginny gave a long moan, as another orgasm took over. Russell had to re-adjust his footing as he readied himself to go deeper into the ass his cock was penetrating. He grabbed Ginny's full hips and gave a good push that Ginny wasn't ready for. She clamped down on her Hubby's rod as the pleasure/pain of the large thick cock surprised her. Russell stayed at the depth he was at for a moment, giving Darren a chance to start bucking his hips upward at Ginny's cunt. 

Ginny made some grunting, moaning shrieking combination sounds as she had three cocks deep in her every opening. Darren gave a quick indication and held onto Ginny as he came deep in her pussy, still fucking her, without losing his erection. Russell started to give her ass some long strokes as well. Coming almost all the way out before plunging deep into her ass, almost bottoming out with his huge dark cock. His cock kept going in and out, till it seemed like Ginny was almost comfortable with it. Darren's cock started to go a little limp so he motioned to Ginny and she pulled off of Roberts cock. Darren moved out from under her and Shelly quickly crawled between Ginny's legs again. Her tongue again falling on her clit. 

Swirling around she licked at Ginny's juicy pussy, licking up Darren's cum at the same time. Russell had kept up the pace and had been plowing into our lustful neighbor, keeping her ass full of his cock. Ginny still had not left Robert out a she continued to suck him. Russell seemingly could go on forever, sensing that Ginny was getting tired of his strong prodding, he quickened his pace and had his black cock racing in and out. He stopped suddenly and as his knees seemed to weaken he came in her deep. His cock buried in her, he held on to her hips kneading them in his hands ,as his dark-haired partner licked at her pussy. 

Ginny again (for the third time for those counting) came. Stifling her cries with Roberts wand in her mouth. Russell pulled out a little at a time as she came, adding to her orgasm. Shelly waited below as her partners cum oozed from Ginny's ass. He pulled out completely as Ginny's orgasm subsided. Shelly licked from Ginny clit , over her well- fucked pussy lips and on up till she found Ginny's ass hole , giving it a quick couple of licks. Ginny, still recovering, only sighed as she popped Roberts cock from her mouth.
