 Chapter 4: The Wine Cellar

Chris hadn't heard from nor seen her neighbor and furtive lover David all week long. It had occurred to her from time to time to ring him on the phone, making up some excuse or other to make contact. But, it wasn't quite in her to be so forward about this thing. So, she had waited in vain for him to call. She knew that if he had called, she would have been unable to resist.

""Well, I'll get to see the magic you two did on his bathroom at last!" They were just on the front step of David's house. The party had started already and they seemed the last to arrive. The door opened allowing loud talking and laughter spring out into the cool night air.

"Ah, you two, at last! I was beginning to fear you weren't coming , thought you might have gone off me! Great! Come on through, everyone is here and has a head start on you."

There were five couples, all old friends to catch up on activities with. David went off to fix them drinks and was soon back at her side. Probably no one else noticed, but he was slightly tentative, a little nervous, not quite looking her in the eye. She also noticed that he was slightly over solicitous toward Andy, the guilt of their bathroom indiscretion of a week ago bubbling to the surface she decided. 

Just for an instant the memory of the hard floor under her bottom, her dress unbuttoned and wide spread with her in panties and bra that didn't match flooded back when she glanced down the hall to where Gladys was just coming out of the bathroom.

"David!! You've done wonders to your crummy old bathroom! What has gotten into you! It's lovely, it really is," Gladys burbled. 

"Don't give him all the credit, Glad, he's had secret help. Don't let him tell you otherwise! My Chris has been over making him more presentable," Andy through in from across the room.

"I happily admit that it is all Chris's credit. I only held the ladder and fetched and carried at her command! I did all the brainwork, of course!" 

Chris knew that a flush was running across her face. She couldn't make out whether it was modesty at all the attention or her guilt feelings coming back. "Oh, nothing really, just a bit of paper and paste. Does brighten it up a bit, though, compared to the bog it was before. Doesn't it Glad!?"

It was such a novelty that David should have stirred to do a bit of decorating that nearly everyone traipsed down to see their handiwork, followed by Chris and lead by David. "You see, you can sit in palatial settings when you come to visit," David was gloating. Chris wondered what they would all think if they could see the scene just one week earlier, her with her legs wide apart and David, his pants around his ankles slamming his huge cock excitedly into her. She shook her head to clear out the image and got back to the conversation Ooh-ing and Ah-ing over her workmanship. She curtsied to their compliments and as they were leaving felt David's big hand squeeze the right cheek of her bottom rather roughly. She felt her dress slip silkily over the nylon of her pantyhose, as he was unable to get a tight grip. So, he wanted to play, did he!? She found the secret squeeze exciting, gave him her mock look of astonishment and went on down the hall before him, a definite swing of her hips evident.

David stared at her perfect round bottom with devotion. Her pantyline streaked across the tautness of her dress like an arrow to the main course of his desire, there in the secret valley between her wonderful thighs. He caught himself from reaching for another fondle, just in time. Andy rounded the corner and came to have a look. "Let's see what you two have been up to, now!" Andy and Dave stood looking over the new bathroom, and talking "man talk.' Chris went back to her drink and the color gradually drained from her face to a more normal state. It was a happy party, old friends recounting oft told tales, lots of laughter and good-natured teasing of each other. Chris and David exchanged looks during the evening, but the duties of host and closeness of others prevented him having another go at the gorgeous bottom of Chris's – he thought sardonically, longing for the soft warm sensuousness of her against his hand. It was making him a bit cranky, really, and very horny. He went to the kitchen for another bowl of nuts and was alone for a moment.

"Having some more nuts are we?" It was Chris, a smile on her face disclosing a secret held between them. 

"Oh, yes, I thought a bit more would be nice!" The double meaning was fairly obvious, especially delivered with the lascivious leer his lips presented.

"Well, a 'bit' more could hardly do any damage." She replied coquettishly.

Then she did what David thought was the sexiest thing any woman had ever done to him. She slowly reached for the hem of her full skirt, lifted it above her knees, then looked first over her shoulder to see that everyone was paying rapt attention to the story being told by Charlie from down the bottom of the street, and continued up the towers of her thighs.

David watched transfixed and struck momentarily dumb, his mouth suddenly dry. She wore high heels that gave her legs the full curves he found so awfully attractive, her stockings were a gleaming deep tone between a tawny beige and mahogany in color and they had the look of being painted on, the paint still slightly wet and gleaming in the light. Her skirt was at mid thigh now as Chris watched his eyes riveted on her legs, his tongue lolling from his open mouth.

Her hand caught the lacy border of her slip and carried both slip and skirt higher, now exposing the roundness of her thighs. David was totally speechless as he watched eagerly the unveiling of her beauty. He watched as her crotch appeared. Her legs coming together at a point that formed a little flat space instead of a sharp "V". Somehow that was a little more erotic to him and his mind went back to the feeling when the bluntness of his cock had been just there, parting the lips of her pussy. He sighed audibly as her panties came into view, pressed tight with that crumpled look that the pantyhose pulled on over them always gave. It was sexy in its own way, too. She paused for a moment, white panties shown through the tawny color of the stockings, then dropped her skirt and gave David a sidelong look.

"Anything I can do to help, then?" she asked brightly.

David had trouble recovering, his tongue tripping slightly over the words his sex-occupied mind could conjure.

"Aha,... Uh... No... well, I... think, I have everything... uh that I... well... can...handle right now!" He grinned sheepishly, knowing that she was manipulating him frighteningly. 

"I'll get even with this one," he thought, happily. She really was a pleasure, he thought to himself. And what a sight her prominent little mound had been under the taut nylon, pouting there, teasing him.

Chris returned to the party carrying two bowls of nuts.

"Let's you carry his nuts, then, does he Chris?' Andy was just tipsy enough that he would start to make little jokes at her expense with a possible double meaning, to the pleasure of all the others and to the discomfiture of Chris herself. But tonight she was in a mood to return the banter, her sex juices having begun to flow – literally, she though, noticing that her antics in the kitchen had begun to produce a wetness between her legs.

"Yes, dear, he does,... and they are quite large ones, quite nice ones really!" she stared with feigned deep interest at the bowls. This brought howls of laughter from even the girls now, putting Andy slightly in his place, his little joke having been overshadowed by Chris' comment. Andy looked just a bit startled by her quick sexy comeback, but he recovered, smiling with a certain pride in her in spite of being taken down a notch.

A game of Charades had started. Between sessions, Chris and David were sent off to bring more wine from the cellar, excused from one match which continued behind them as they went to the cellar. They made small talk as they left the room, but this turned to a silence, both being preoccupied with their own thoughts, as their isolation together became more evident.

They had no sooner reached the bottom of the stairs than David's hands were on her and he whirled her around and into the circle of his huge arms, his hands finding the bulge of her ass, pressing her intensely against the hardness of his cock.

She felt its astonishing bulge against her own mound and her feet nearly left the floor as he ground against her sleek tightly covered silkiness. Her breasts were mashed against his massive chest and she felt the crispness of her nipples scraping across his chest. Their tongues dueled, pressing deep into each other's mouths with a fierce aggressiveness. Chris felt her teeth touch his, so intense was the embrace.

He whirled her again in his excitement, bent her over the nearby clothes dryer, hurled her skirt up over her shoulders, exposing her bottom, clad in white panties plastered to her shapely bottom by the sheer to the top pantyhose. "What are you doing, David?" she hissed, "They'll hear!! We can't... do..."

Her words were lost on him. The sight and feel of her ass were just overwhelming and his words just jammed up in his throat. She felt his hands clawing at her underpants, the strong nylon of the pantyhose shielding her --- at least for the moment. 

Then suddenly she felt a finger pop through a seam, felt the nylon part as his strong hands yanked with fierce expression of his overwhelming excitement. The cool air on her warm flesh was a shock and she knew that he had opened a wide whole in the gusset of her pantyhose. Chris found it exciting. That he was so excited that he tore the stockings from her body, his cock screaming to get at her flesh, at her pussy, to feel her pussy surround it, to sear it with its heat. This was wildly sexy to her and she felt a flush suffuse her entire body from the now flooded lips of her pussy to the top of her head, she was blushing with excitement.

Still bent over the dryer, Chris felt him fumbling with his zipper. She reached around to touch him, to feel the great size of him again before it disappeared into her. Wanting to have in her mind the size of the beastly thing which she so wanted to be splitting her body wide apart. Her mind went back to reality, briefly, to the crowd upstairs who might finish their game and come looking for them!! "Ohmigod!" What a though!

But suddenly the knob of his huge cock was in her hand and she stifled her fears and leaned heavily against the dryer as she sensed David readying himself for the plunge into her defenseless vagina. 

David looked down the sexy, nyloned legs stilted on the high heals at the very bottom. Her ass was so unbelievable beautiful, so completely a thing of sexuality, he was simply overcome. Her cheeks bulged out of the hole he had made, the creamy flesh contrasting with the dark nylon of her tights. With his heart in his throat, he plunged between the close pressed buns of her ass.

The blunt end of his organ probed and soon found the crease of her bottom smoothed by the copious juices springing from her pussy lips. The bulging knob streaked all the way along the length of her lips spreading them widely, wetly, warmly before it. It found her clitoris, sending a huge charge of electric shivers coursing out from it in all directions, but mostly up into her throat, it seemed.

Now gleaming wet, he glided back to the entrance of her body, Chris felt him press hard against her. Felt the wonder of his great thickness.

"Wait!!" she urged. "A little lower, David, a little lower!!" In his eagerness, he had found the wrong entry. Chris smiled at his over eager mistake. My gawd, she thought, I couldn't take that in there! The size of him! 

She reached between her thighs to guide him, felt the great width of his cock now really engorged and full with excitement. Again she felt the self-pride that this great hulking beast of a man was so overcome with excitement at being close to her that he was like a teenager.

Then it was there! The big round head of it pressing against her smaller tight little muscle. She relaxed as much as possible. Then, as before, it 'popped' into her wet, wet, thank god, wet passage, followed by the hearty wide shaft that still held her stretched to what she thought must surely be the limit. It felt... "wonderful!" she hadn't meant for that to slip out. Hadn't meant to let him have the satisfaction of knowing her thoughts just yet. But it was out now.

"Like that, do you, lass?!! I thought you would." He said in a self- congratulatory way. "Tell me how it feels, Chris, tell me about it Luv!" he hissed through pleasure clenched teeth.

"Oh, yes,...yes,... You bully. I like ittttttttttt, shove it in, shove it in!" Her voice was urgent, her need high. She parted her legs a little more, pressing against him, wanting all of the long wide, think wonder of his cock. "Shove it in me!" Her hand touched a switch and the dryer came on with a slight vibrating rocking motion. Or was it the two of them rocking? The warmth of the dryer was against her pubic mound, the vibrations coursing through her pelvis, joining the vibrations that David was providing now with his urgent thrusting.

She still wasn't getting all of it, she thought. The awkward position made it too hard for him to reach her depths. But he wasn't bothered by this, just kept sawing away at the little bit of her that he felt so hot and tight around his cock. "Stupid man!" she thought. 

"Lord, she is tight," he thought. "Wonderful" he repeated aloud, through clenched teeth, his exertions bringing a sheen of sweat to his brow as he pumped away, looking down at his cock disappearing, then reappearing, in and out, in and out, all glistening with her juices between the beautiful round orbs of her ass. "Beautiful," he muttered.

Again, he had come too soon for her. She could tell by his thrusting that he was ready already. Knew that his balls were tensing by the way he tensed on his toes to slam against her a few last thrusts. She squirmed her bottom against his thrust, wringing all the pleasure she could out of the hardness in her pussy. It really did feel awfully good. He stretched her, pummeled her, massaged her pussy lips, did everything but the one thing she really missed, touching her depths. She knew that was still something to look forward to.

She felt his semen spurt forcefully into her. Felt its hot blast filling her vagina, another load came at the top of his next thrust, then another and yet another as she rode with his thrusting, welcoming his hot love juice, feeling it fill her. Still another thrust added to the warm broth in her waiting cunt. She hated that word, but it sprang to mind anyway. Then he was slipping out, passing the sentry of the muscle at the entrance of her love passage more easily, now that his passion had subsided. She felt the combined moisture of their magical fucking rush out, then spread on her inner thighs. 

She turned to see him tucking the monster into his terribly ugly white Y-fronts which reminded her somehow of an old man's underpants, unbecoming in that context. A stream of her juices down from the now bright red head of his cock was caught by the cotton shorts and tucked inside the pouch. She touched the big round pouch with its cargo safely tucked away, marveling that it was still so comfortingly large in its softened satisfied state.

"You know, I'd like to try this on a soft surface sometime!" she smiled at him.

"Sorry," he muttered, his face reddening.

They hurried upstairs now to rejoin the others. Happily, the game was still in session and they seemed not to have been missed; though she thought that Andy might have looked with a slightly quizzical expression at her. Her smile sent him back deep into the game, though. Chris made an appearance, then headed off up the stairs to the bathroom. She needed to clean up a bit, the stickiness on her thighs now running quite far down her leg.

She slipped into the bathroom, stripped off the ripped pantyhose and cleaned their juices off herself as best she could. Better no hose than to be discovered ripped later she thought, balling them into her hand and leaving the bathroom. Gladys was waiting her turn and closed the door behind her. Quickly, Chris slipped into David's bedroom and tucked the moist nylon package, full of her scent, under his pillow and slipped down the stairs again. 

Chris felt good, though not quite satisfied, as she sat on the arm of his chair and let her arm surround Andy. He nuzzled her thigh with his arm and went on with the game.

To Be Continued...