 GOODBYE TO THE PAST Part 6 – The Audition

One

Caitlin always knew it couldn't last forever, but when Bonnie told her she and Frank would be spending less time in England over the next few months, the realisation that her wonderful dream had an end-date came flooding in.

She put a brave face on it during the meeting with Bonnie, but afterwards she had gone into her little apartment and lain face down on the bed sobbing until hers eyes were red.

It was all going so well. 

Had been going so well. 

She was so in love with Anji and they were having the time of their lives. She loved working for Bonnie and Frank and all that entailed - the regular extra-curricular activities she relished so much; her wonderful seventh floor mini-apartment in Chelsea Harbour.

Their parties.

She had always fantasised that they would end up moving to England permanently, bringing Skye with them so that she and Anji could hook up with them all whenever they wanted. 

She realised now how silly she had been.

Nothing lasts forever.

But a few years would have been nice.

She desperately wanted to speak to Anji, but she was up in the Midlands on a theatre tour. She had her first major part in a provincial play and Caitlin couldn't wait to go and see her on the final night in Birmingham that weekend. She thought of texting her, but didn't want to worry her girlfriend in the middle of an important run. It could wait.

She decided to buck herself up by going down to the gym and was on her way to the door, when her internal phone went off. It had to be Bonnie.

She picked it up with less enthusiasm than usual. "Hey Bonnie..."

"You ok?"

She began to lie. "Yeah, fine..."

Then she remembered Bonnie was almost empathic.

"No. Not really."

"Come on through, hon. Wine, weed. Anything you want. Come talk to Bonnie."

She dropped her gym bag and went into the main apartment. Bonnie was sitting on the sofa where they had first made out. It seemed like yesterday and yet it seemed like an eternity ago. Bonnie handed her a glass of red. 

Caitlin took it. Shiraz. She was getting to know her wines pretty well.

"It's not the end, hon. Lots more adventures and things to do before we pull out."

Caitlin felt like a little girl again. "Feels like it." She began to snuffle once more.

Bonnie produced a tissue and Caitlin blew her nose noisily. "Oh shit, sorry Bonnie - just feeling sorry for myself. Shouldn't, I know."

"Hey, it's natural. I'd be the same if I were you - knowing you'd not be seeing so much of two such amazing, wonderful human beings like me and Frank."

Bonnie always had the ability to make Caitlin laugh even in the worst moments.

"All it means is, we'll be over in the States more often, so we'll need to have even more fun when we're here. You'll have less to do, so more time to do what you want. When we're here? Party time! Same salary, less work. What's not to like?"

Caitlin put on a sulky face. "I'll get bored Bonnie. What will I do?"

Bonnie waved a dismissive hand. "Ah, for goodness sakes, girl – this is fucking London! Hundreds of square miles of adventure and fun out there. Go get it, you and Anji. Take it by storm!"

"She's working stupid hours. We get time together but not that much. Only so much I can do on my own."

Bonnie sighed. "Guess you're right, kid. Sorry babes." 

She laughed ruefully as she leaned towards Caitlin and whispered, "With you new talents, you could always ask Jenna and Adam for a reference – I bet Gina Harcourt's Agency would snap you up!"

Two

Anji's play had been a great success and Caitlin had been thrilled to see her perform for the first time. She was amazed at how self-assured she was in front of a large audience and she had held them in the palm of her hand in some of her solo pieces. She owned the part of Maggie, and the first act of 'Cat on a Hot Tin Roof' needs a whole lot of Maggie. Caitlin was staggered by her poise, her energy and above all, her memory. 

Maggie gets a lot of words, and Anji nailed them.

Pride, love, awe. All those emotions washed over Caitlin as she watched and she cried a lot.

Afterwards, they were in a curry house in Birmingham, where the food was as good as their favourite place back in Chelsea. It was vegetarian and in deference to her girlfriend, Caitlin was eating less meat. In truth, the restaurants were so good, and Anji such a wonderful cook that she barely missed it at all.

Anji's little joke was that Caitlin may be eating less meat, but she was sucking a lot more of it.

Anji's theatrical team were a great bunch and they had welcomed her with open arms. They had all been so genuinely moved by Anji's performance; Caitlin felt her heart swell with pride again. She got a few scowls from one girl, until Anji told her she had been the one hitting on her before she and Caitlin had got together. A scowl back that Bonnie would have been proud of put paid to that little situation. 

A few of them were going on to a club but Anji was exhausted after the biggest and longest run in a play she had ever had, so they went back to the hotel and decided on a nightcap in the bar.

Once the euphoria of the performance had died down, Anji asked what her girlfriend had been up to. Caitlin had got over the initial shock of Bonnie's news, but it still felt like a raw nerve and she thought she would lose it again when she told Anji the full story, despite not wanting to steal the girl's thunder.

Anji took her hand. "Hey come on, there's still months left of your contract. They said they'll renew for a period after that. What's the problem?"

Caitlin hung her head. "My view. My Waterloo Sunset view. I think I could take losing everything else, but if I lose that..."

"Hey, we'll take a fucking huge picture of it and have it as a feature wall wherever we live. I'm going to miss the houseboat when Kara takes it over. Gotta move on babe!"

Caitlin sniffed. "I know. Sorry." She laughed. "Bonnie says I should apply to Adam and Jenna's agency – the one that supplies the parties."

Anji sat bolt upright. "She said what?"

"Yeah, ridiculous eh? Me working for an agency like that. Thank God she was joking!"

Heads turned in the relatively quiet hotel bar full of reserved members of a dental delegation as Anji's voice went up an octave and a few decibels. 

"Caitlin Price, are you fucking mad? That is a fucking brilliant idea!"

Three

They were in Harvey's - Caitlin, Anjali and Bonnie. The wine was not quite up to Bonnie's usual standards, but the kids had insisted on paying, so she chose a decent but inexpensive Malbec. Frank would be drinking the proper stuff with Marcel in Paris, no doubt before a night of doing things that she knew he loved but could never supply herself.

Bonnie had taken an instant liking to Anjali, but a couple of months down the line, she had changed her opinion of her. She now loved the kid as much as she loved Caitlin, and that wasn't far short of how much she loved her own daughter Skye. The two girls reminded her of her younger self. A bit innocent, a little bit ditzy and above all, just willing to take on the world and try anything.

She still couldn't quite believe the transformation in Caitlin Price and had to pinch herself that she was responsible for a lot of it. Anji and she were so good together and as every day went by, she saw Caitlin blossom even more.

She sipped her Malbec and made a sub-conscious note to break out a real Californian version when they got back upstairs.

"So come on babes, what's the occasion? Why've ya dragged this old recluse out of her little bolt-holt and plied her with..." She picked up the bottle and squinted at the label. "This fine cough medicine?"

Anji grabbed the bottle and glared at her in mock distaste. She pointed at herself. "Impoverished student actress." She pointed at Caitlin. "Overworked, underpaid sex slave. Lucky you didn't get a bottle of Bud."

Bonnie pulled a face. "Not touched that stuff in thirty years - and yes I am only 43 thank you! So, I'll overlook that fact that your Daddy is probably a millionaire, Anjali darling. And that yes, Caitlin here is most definitely a sex slave." She shook her head. "But by no means is she underpaid or overworked." She grinned. "Touched a nerve though, hey? Come on kids, the wine is ok. It's red, it's 14 percent and that'll do me fine." She paused and narrowed her eyes. "For now..."

Anji looked at Bonnie. She had also immediately taken to the woman and thought there must be some roles for her in their theatre company with her wicked sense of humour and flawless timing.

"Ok, point taken, boss lady. What we are trying to get at is - my lovely little girlfriend here has something to say, don't we sweetkins?" She put on a saccharine grin and kissed Caitlin on the cheek. "Shy, bless..." She waited a moment and held her hands out to Caitlin. "And... cue Miss Price, stage left..."

Caitlin took a huge gulp of wine, a sure sign she was nervous. Bonnie knew something big was coming, but the way Caitlin gabbled out her next few sentences meant she had to sit and try to process it all for a moment before she could reply.

The girl's response came out like a scatter-gun.

"That thing you said last week when I was upset. Adam. Jenna. Ask for a reference for the Agency. Thought it was a joke. Told Anj. She embarrassed me in front of a load of dentists on a conference in a Birmingham hotel by being very loud and vulgar. Said the f-word twice. Loudly. Thought she was joking too. Wasn't..." She tailed off.

Anji hid her laugh behind her hand. "What she is trying to say is what I said at the time. 'Fucking great idea!'"

Caitlin grabbed Bonnie's hand, almost spilling her drink. "Phoo, right, yeah. Bonnie – what I'm trying to say is – what Anj said. Fucking great idea. Couldn't say it properly. She's an actress. I'm a numpty."

For the first time Caitlin could recall, Bonnie was speechless. She sat back in her chair open-mouthed and after a very long time, managed to gasp out, "O...M...G..."

Anji sighed deeply and waved her hand in front of her face, fanning herself. "Phew, now we're getting somewhere! So, come on then, Voice of Experience. Just what does my sweet, innocent little girlfriend have to do to become a high class Courtesan?"

Shocked to her core, Bonnie looked around the crowded, noisy wine-bar. "Can we take this offline? Somewhere a little more..." She waved her hands at her ears. "Think I'm hearing weird noises. You two sound like you're winding me up!"

Anji grinned. "No wind up, Bonnie. How about a houseboat? Nice and quiet." She nudged Caitlin. "Well, sometimes!"

"Perfect. Let's go..." She drained her glass and pulled another face at the acidity of the wine. She hoped Anji's houseboat would have better but she doubted it.

As she followed two giggling girls out of the wine-bar, Bonnie was talking to herself.

"Am I really doing this? Can't believe I'm fucking doing this!"

It took a while to get back to the subject in hand as Bonnie swooned over the beauty of the houseboat. "Probably looked down on this a thousand times from the penthouse while me and Frank-"

"So you're the ones with the binoculars! I've seen the sun glinting off the lenses so many times!"

"Aw sorry, Anji. Got me bang to rights. You shouldn't be so fucking gorgeous! Nice wine, by the way!"

"Sarcasm is so unbecoming, Bonita. It may strip paint, but it is the sparkling vino that was drunk the night me and that little old slapper over there first swapped bodily fluids, so it gets my vote."

Caitlin grinned, waving her glass in the air, a little the worse for wear. "Mine too! Mmm, to the swapping of bodily fluids! Come on; let's swap a few more gallons!"

Bonnie grimaced. "As long as this stuff is not involved."

She was shot down by two slightly tiddly girls half her age as they both chorused in unison, "Snob!"

"Snob I may be, but I am also allegedly 'The Voice of Experience' according to the slightly more intelligent part of the amoeba-brained duo in front of me, so if you want my advice, you kids better start sobering up and get a little sensible."

Anji looked at Caitlin. "Can you do sensible?"

She took a deep breath, rapidly sobering up as the big issue of the evening came back to face her. "For a single-celled entity, I can do a decent impression. Sorry, Bonnie – some things I can only cope with by being mental. I'll try and keep it calm, but not sure if I can."

Anji took hold of Caitlin's hand. "Thanks, Bonnie – we really appreciate your advice. It started out as a joke between you two, but when Cait told me, I just thought it made complete sense. She – and me to an extent – have been doing it for a while now. The Savage Angels at your party – then at Amelie's. Cait's little extra bits of 'work' for you and Frank."

Caitlin still had her head down. "When Anj first said it was a great idea I thought she was joking too. But like with you, I can tell in an instant what she is thinking. At first I was appalled. Then I thought back to what you said to us when you gave us our bonus after The Savage Angels – 'We all end up getting paid for it somehow'. Anj is right. I've been doing it for months – getting paid for it."

At last she looked up at Bonnie. "I love what I've been doing. It's changed me – I feel alive for the first time since I was too young to be disillusioned. After we had discussed it for what seemed like hours in Birmingham, we made love." She looked at Anji with such love in her eyes, Bonnie's hard old heart thought it would burst. "Anji said that if she'd been my client, she'd pay double it was so beautiful."

"I would too, hon!"

Caitlin took her hand from Anji's and put her chin on her hands. "Bonnie, what do I need to do?"

"Are you absolutely one-hundred percent serious?"

She looked at her, and the empath that was Bonnie Rodriguez knew in an instant she was deadly serious.

"Yes, Bonnie. I am."

Bonnie barely noticed the wine this time as she drank. "Ok, hon. Simple advice. Comes down to four words...

Talk to Georgina Harcourt."

She held her glass towards them and they all touched them together.

Four

Gina Harcourt always enjoyed Bonnie and Frank's parties. Her agency had been doing them for a couple of years now and they were well into double figures. They had begun by being retained to 'entertain' clients of theirs when they were in London, and once they had established themselves with them, began getting the job of providing additional numbers for their parties. 

She had missed the last couple of gatherings, the first at their new luxury apartment overlooking Chelsea Harbour in West London, so this time she was determined to make up for it.

Things were well under way. Gina had been taking it from all angles for a good hour or more and had allowed herself one rather pleasant release with a very nice young man, who had been repaid handsomely. So handsomely, it meant that she had to retire for a good few minutes to repair her makeup and generally freshen up. 

That was when Bonnie grabbed her and took her aside. "Ok, here we go. It's on, hon!"

She took Gina by the hand and unseen by the otherwise engaged party-goers, unlocked a door in the corner of the room - Skye's bedroom. Everything was set up. Amelie and Pascal had been primed. Gina and Bonnie sat on Skye's bed, wine glasses in hand gazing down onto the screen of a large laptop. They saw a strikingly tall black woman of about thirty five with short dyed blonde hair walk into Bonnie's bedroom with a young girl and an older man.

Gina settled back. "Ok sweet kid – let's see what you got!"

As the next twenty or so minutes unfolded, she saw exactly what Caitlin had got and the threesome treated she and Bonnie to a fine show. The pictures were crystal clear and the sound carried nicely. Almost as good as being there.

Marcel was gentle, but Amelie was like a wild animal, tying Caitlin's hands to the bed head as she worked on her with her slim hands whilst she took Marcel's cock in her sultry, wide mouth. The restraints felt nice, but Caitlin wished Amelie would be a little gentler and that thing she did with her whole hand was uncomfortable if a pretty amazing sight. The slim ebony arm protruding from her pussy was a turn on even if she wished that the woman didn't twist and flex her hand so much. 

She and Anji had tried it, but neither had been able to go all the way. As Amelie fisted her, she thought of Anji, striding the stage somewhere up north and wished that she was with them in Bonnie's bed.

But as the woman worked on her, she slowly began to realise that she loved the feel of it. As she got used to it, she got more and more turned on and found herself pushing up against the hand as Amelie's fingers worked inside her, her wrist bones rubbing against her labia and inner thighs.

Amelie broke off her assault on her husband's cock. "You like my hand in your ripe pussy, my little Savage Angel? I wish I could take you home and introduce you to my spreader bars and a few of my cunning little appliances. Strap you to my Sybian and slowly turn up the heat until you scream your little lungs raw!" Her face appeared above Caitlin's and she felt her hand slide out. 

Caitlin initially felt relief but it soon turned to disappointment as her pussy now felt very empty indeed. Amelie began to kiss Caitlin, her sharp little teeth biting her lip, hands tugging on her nipple bars. Caitlin wondered just what this woman could do to her if she really let rip. Part of her wanted to know, part of her wanted to bury the thought. 

Instead, she shocked herself as she gasped out the words. "It's a date, Amelie. Whenever you're ready."

The tall woman laughed, her beautifully cruel mouth wide open, perfect white teeth showing. It was feral and it made Caitlin shudder. "Ah, bonne fille! Wear your schoolgirl uniform. I shall punish you for smoking!"

Caitlin gasped, "Tough luck, I don't smoke."

Amelie grinned. "I'm sure I can plant the evidence!" She closed her mouth on Caitlin's once more. As they kissed, she felt something bump against her pussy. Marcel slid into her and she felt Amelie untie her hands. She brought them down into the woman's short blonde hair and mashed her lips against hers even harder. 

Yes, she really wanted to see what this woman was capable of. She was enigmatic, beautiful and more than a little scary. She whispered in her ear. "You've got my number. Make it soon, yeah?" She began to suck on Amelie's ear lobe and bit down on it hard making the woman gasp.

"Oh you lovely little beast! You will adore it, I promise!" She broke away, another wicked look on her angular, beautiful face. Her eyes were shining – not just from lust, thought Caitlin, knowing the woman's predilection for white powder. 

"Alors, Ange Sauvage – le denouement!"

Marcel pulled out and he and Amelie flipped the girl over onto her front. Amelie insinuated herself underneath Caitlin, Marcel lifting the girl up by the hips so his wife could squeeze beneath her. When he resumed his thrusting, Amelie's head was directly beneath Caitlin's pussy. She could feel the softness of her hair against her thighs. It felt electrifying and she couldn't wait for what was about to unfold.

As she buried her own face in Amelie's wet cunt, the woman moaned in pleasure. Caitlin had to admit, it was thing of beauty. Slippery black folds of flesh giving way to lovely pink inner lips that were bubbling with the most musky, aromatic juices. She lapped them up as Marcel became more urgent and she began to really feel herself rising to her climax.

She felt Marcel let loose in her, his big hands gripping her hips as he slowed and grunted out in pleasure. She was short of her climax, but it still felt good. He finally pulled out and slipped off her, hands stroking her sides gently.
