 It was the middle of March, 2017 and the date was fast approaching when Jasmine and Alia would embark on their three month trip to Mauritius. I admit that I had been viewing that day with some trepidation. I had become accustomed to their regular visits, and the thought of being back of the land of normality wasn't one that I cherished. Our arrangement was on a convenient basis, whereby I called them up when I felt the need and when it fell in with their plans. Having two teens on tap to satisfy my sexual needs was as good as I could ever have imagined. Oddly, it was not just the sex that I would miss, but I would miss them, too. Not that there was any romantic connection at all, but because they were such good company when we weren't actually sucking and fucking. 

It was the absence of any pretence of dating or making any kind of emotional commitment that I and I suspect they found so appealing - apart from the money. Paying them had not ever seemed seedy or immoral. I had had a conversation with colleagues in the past, which boiled down to the question, 'Would you ever pay for sex?' I have always maintained that there should be a distinction between paying for sex and using a prostitute. I think the key difference, is that in our arrangement, I didn't have to share them. Indeed, it is the thought of sharing a woman, which for me is the most off-putting part of going with an escort or whatever.

I won't pretend that what we were doing wasn't unusual. But their need of cash, my over active sex drive and a pragmatic view of sex all round just came together nicely. Also, in a funny way we did have a kind of connection that had stemmed from their participation on our field trips with the geology group and had enabled us to dovetail our platonic relationship into our lustful liaison. 

So, philosophical things aside, they were due to fly out just before my birthday and with this in mind, I was keen to have one last good session with the girls. I really wasn't sure what I would do after that. I already dreaded the void that they would leave, which sounds pathetic I know, but I'm just being honest. 

I had just received a pretty big bonus from work, so I had toyed with taking some extended leave and go to a Scottish island or something. Being at home, knowing they weren't just an SMS or a Facebook message away was a bit sickening. I think a few weeks away and coming back to start afresh would sort me out.

At this point, I should give an update on a few details. As I have stated in earlier chapters, an unexpected consequence of our liaison has been my commitment to fitness and weight training. I was never a slouch, but the incentive to get in tip top condition has been a complete surprise. I was now running a 10K in 47 minutes and with my four times a week gym sessions, I was getting nicely toned. I won't claim to have a six pack, but I had definition and some sculptured triceps, and sinewy leg muscles etc. I felt good and the regular sex, too I'm sure helped. Fucking two teens was thirsty work!

As it was, my concerns about their leaving were unnecessary, not because they had changed their plans, but they had something up their sleeve, which I hadn't counted on.

The other thing of note, is that Jasmine had turned nineteen now, with Alia's birthday a couple of months away. As I was about to celebrate my forty sixth birthday, the girls had spoken of a special treat. They were very imaginative and had become totally au fait with my desires. At the same time, we had a quite an adventurous sex life, so I wasn't sure what they had in store. 

If you've come to this story without having read the previous chapters, now might be a good time to recap how things have progressed to this point. In summary, Jasmine is half Punjabi on her mother's side and half English. She wears her hair shoulder length and is very pretty, exceptionally intelligent and somewhat reserved in character. She has inherited all the exotic looks of the sub-continent, but is distinctly European in appearance. She has a very sexy smile and delights in pleasing me in the bedroom. Alia has Lebanese parentage and is breathtakingly cute and sexy with waist length black hair. She is hot and she knows it. She has big brown eyes and the most luscious lips, which have a natural rosiness. Both girls are light olive complexioned and look absolutely gorgeous together either clothed or naked. Despite my encouragement, they have never got it on together for me, beyond a little touching and kissing, although that is very erotic. Both girls have modest busts, Jasmine's being the larger, while Alia compensates with a spectacularly pert ass. 

In the bedroom, the girls are enthusiastic and while they were shy and a little restrained to begin with, they quickly became relaxed, adventurous and have very noisy orgasms. Alia especially excels at the slow, edging blowjob with her lovely full lips and having them both blow me both at the same time, is a joy that defies description. They had both had a boyfriend or two previously, but I gather that they had never fully explored the joys of sex and neither - to my amazement - had received oral sex till they met me. 

The girls had been studying full time, were in the hockey team, led a reasonably full social life and had no time for relationships. In need of cash for a three month trip to Mauritius, we came to an arrangement where I solved their financial issues in exchange for becoming my fuck buddies. The precise details of this are explored in chapter one.

Back to the present (well recent past anyway), mid-March, 2017 saw an unusually warm spell hit the south of England. It wasn't exactly a heatwave, but it was sunny and warm and the first time in the year, that the pretty girls of Oxford were out and about in short skirts and skimpy shorts. As such, it was an ideal weekend to meet up with Jasmine and Alia for some fun knowing that they like to wear nice clothes when the weather permits.

It was on the Thursday that I Facebooked Jasmine with my suggestions for the weekend, which possibly would be our last meeting before their trip, and not knowing their future plans, feasibly the last time we would have sex.

It seemed I had been reading her mind, and she was intending to contact me at that moment.

'Hi Jasmine, how are you fixed for this Saturday?'

'Yeah, good.'

'Awesome, and Alia, presumably?'

'Yeah.'

'I was thinking we could go for a drive and then come back to mine.'

'Sounds good...'

I waited for her unfinished message, as she continued to type.

'There's someone I'd like you to meet.'

'Oh?'

'Her name is Mya.'

'Who is she?'

'A friend from college.'

This was a surprise, as the girls had always been very insistent that we kept the arrangement between the three of us. I was excited and intrigued.

'So, when you say meet me?'

'Yes, she's in a situation like we were. With financial things...'

'Right. She's not going on the trip?'

'No, nothing like that. She is taking a gap year like us though and she was saying she wants to make some easy money.'

'Okay.'

'Yeah, jobs are rubbish with rubbish money and weekends. I said she had another option.'

'Really. And she knows about me, you and Alia?'

'Yeah. She's very discreet, don't worry.'

'That's good. Is she pretty?'

'Yes. She's Lebanese like Alia. Well her parents are.'

'Cool. Have you told her how much I've given you and Alia? I need to check my balance.'

'No, I haven't. I just said you gave us quite a lot. Tbh I'm not sure how much you have given now, with all the treats and stuff.'

'It's quite a few thousand, but it doesn't matter.'

"Okay, so shall we all meet up? I'm sure you'll get on. Me and Alia thought she could keep you company lol."

"That's very thoughtful of you. Yes, it's going to be nice weather, so maybe we can go out somewhere quiet."

"Okay, that should be all right, if it's really private." 

"Okay, where shall we meet?"

"Waitrose."

"Okay, that's a bit random."

"Ah I need to get a plant for Mother's Day. They have this special one."

"Fair enough. See you Saturday."

Can't wait!"

As I mentioned earlier in this chapter, the business I work for was doing well and we had had a substantial bonus. I was also expecting a raise and a few shares were looking good bets for profit taking. Maybe I wouldn't be visiting that Scottish island after all, even if I would have to shell out. 

I didn't know quite what to make of this turn of events. I knew Jasmine and Alia before we hooked up, so it didn't feel too weird, in fact it was even more erotic and intense. But having an arrangement with a stranger felt odd. I'm not even going to pretend that I was having cold feet, just that I didn't know how I felt, just at that point. I expected that meeting Mya in the other girls' company would be a nice way of being introduced. 

Having made the arrangement to meet up at the local supermarket, I reflected on the surreal nature of it all. Seeing Jasmine and Alia for what was now around six months had become to feel natural, albeit exciting and arousing. In that regard the intensity never waned. Prior to the latest online conversation, Jasmine had asked me if I intended to meet someone my own age. This was a good question. As I explained to her, this wasn't as straightforward as it might appear. I suppose I was a decent catch, being physically fit and financially comfortable. However, after spending six months having sex with two eighteen year olds, it would feel oddly insipid, dating someone my own age. No matter how attractive a woman might be, there's little that comes close to the wonders of the eighteen year old body as a willing bedfellow. Multiplied by two, it didn't get any better!

Furthermore, I believe that I'm not naturally monogamous, and I while I've dated a few fairly attractive women of my own age, I struggle not to look at other women. Also, previously, I had continued to use porn, to some extent, even when dating. Seeing Jasmine and Alia had completely changed that. I hadn't so much as thought about porn in the last six months, although my roving eye was still one of my foibles. The other thing, is that genuinely fit women in their 30s and 40s who are also single seem to be quite rare but maybe I haven't been looking hard enough. Be that as it may, given the opportunity to continue having sex with even one 19 year old was too much of an opportunity to pass by. 

Readers of this story and its predecessors may be wondering why all three girls were of partly Asian or near Eastern descent. From what I can glean, based on what they have told me and from the occasional photo on Facebook, they have been part of a close-knit group of friends right back from school. While they did have blonde friends etc, I think that they weren't part of the inner circle. I can theorise further that culturally, Jasmine and Alia and I assume Mya were less mainstream and were more self-empowered to explore their sexuality with an older man. While I enjoy the company of women of any hue, I do particularly have a thing for dark haired, olive-skinned, middle eastern appearance, so it was win win.

Fast forwarding to the Saturday morning, the sun was hazy and it was already pleasantly warm by 11 o'clock when I went out to meet the girls. I'd put on a loose white cotton shirt and beige shorts. The supermarket car park was quite busy and I was there first, as there was no sign of Jasmine's car, which is distinctive being bright red with a black roof. I leant against the back of my car for a minute or two and she turned up, parking in the space that had just become vacant next to mine. The girls got out of the car at the same time. I was eager to see what Mya looked like, and I need not have worried, she was every bit as pretty as Jasmine had said. 

Mya had long and quite thick, somewhat curly hair. It could have been crimped but I know now that it is naturally wavy. She is more or less the same light olive skin tone as Jasmine, maybe a tad lighter, but darker than the fairer-skinned Alia. Her middle eastern traits, like Alia are subtle. Indeed before meeting Alia, I'm not aware I have ever known anyone of Lebanese origin. Both she and Mya look vaguely Mediterranean, but with a little touch of the exotic, which is hard to place. Mya has distinctive hazel eyes. 

All three girls looked amazingly hot, all in quite different ways. Jasmine wore a playsuit, which she often does. Alia was in a short summer dress and Mya was in black football (soccer) shorts and a loose white top. They were bare legged and totally gorgeous, their black hair shiny and splendid. I somehow managed not to get hard and kept my thoughts at bay, but my erection was certainly stirring.

Alia introduced me to Mya and I touched her arm and kissed her on the cheeks. She smelled delectable and she felt hot, which did nothing for my efforts to control my arousal. The very contemplation of sex with a hot girl is a powerful aphrodisiac.

"Pleased to meet you, Mya."

"You too. You look younger than I expected."

"Wow, thanks! Flattery will get you everywhere."

The girls laughed.

I made no secret of the way I was admiring the girls and Mya in particular. Through her dress, she seemed to have fairly decent boobs, and when she turned, I was delighted to see that she had a nice pert ass.

"So, James, we thought we could drive to Alia's allotment and you can get to know Mya better and discuss things."

"Okay good choice."

The suggestion that we go to the allotment made my heart beat faster. It was Alia's uncle's allotment technically, but she had a key, since she had a small plot there where she grew herbs. As such, we could enjoy the fresh air, and be in absolute privacy, as the hedges were at least 10 feet high. I had first taken there, when they dressed in their hockey kits for me and wanked me into their panties. 

Jasmine suggested that Mya go in my car, so that we could discuss details and the other two would meet us at the north car park, which is generally the quieter end furthest from the city. I agreed, that sounded like a plan and we took off.

On the way, I looked down at Mya's legs as we reached a set of traffic lights I paid no attention to propriety and Mya knew that I was having a good look.

"Do you like girls in shorts, James?"

"I do, especially football ones, because they're short shorts. You have lovely legs, Mya."

"Thank you."

"They're quite toned, do you play hockey, like Jasmine and Alia?"

"Yes, I do. Well I did, but I've left college now, and I was in the team there."

"And you're not playing for another team?"

"I'm not sure. If there's a team when I go to Uni, I might do."

"Cool."

"You must work out a lot, James."

"I do. I go to the gym nearly every day except weekends."

"You look a bit buff."

"I run too. I've really worked hard on getting fit."

"It shows."

Mya smiled and I smiled back and stroked her right leg with the back of my hand. Her skin was silky smooth and it produced a twinge in the obvious place.

"Maybe we should talk about a few details," I offered, as I slid my hand up to her crotch.

"Okay, yeah. Jasmine was saying."

"I understand you want help with your finances so you can have more freedom during your gap year."

"Ah, very well put!"

"What if I gave you fifteen hundred and then give you a few treats here and there?"

"Wow, that would be amazing, thanks. There's a part time job at a coffee shop in town, so I could just do a few hours a week and still have loads of free time."

"Okay, that's nice."

"When you say treats?"

"I mean a hundred or two now and again for clothes and stuff."

"Yes, that would be great. How often would we meet up?"

"Just whenever suits you. Do you enjoy sex?"

"Ha ha yes, of course! I wouldn't be up for this otherwise."

"Fair point. It was a stupid question. Let's see what you think after today. I don't think you'll have any complaints. Making sure a woman is happy is all part of the enjoyment for me."

"Jas and Alia said you take care of them."

"It's natural to me."

"You wouldn't believe how selfish some guys are. Some more than others."

"I could believe it. Do you like oral sex?"

"Receiving or giving?"

"Yes."

"Ha ha! Only one boyfriend did it, and he wasn't very good."

"Right. Interesting."

"Why interesting?"

"Oh just that Jasmine and Alia said something similar."

"I don't think it's something a lot of younger guys think about, or they're not confident. This is making me horny - James!"

"Seriously?"

"Yes, seriously."

"Okay, well I hope to be able to unburden your frustration later."

"That's a delicate way of putting it."

I glanced at Mya and clutched my tackle, attempting to rearrange myself more comfortably.

"You're a funny man, James."

"Funny?"

"You know, amusing. I like guys who don't take things too seriously."

"No, I don't do serious."

We continued the chat on the way to the meeting place. Mya was as bright as her friends, but a little more bubbly, I thought. Jasmine and Alia, can be lively and excitable, but it is not their default state. Mya seemed naturally more extrovert and I thought she would make a good fuck buddy. From what I could tell, Mya was happy to service me until she went to university the following year. If things went to plan, my bonuses from work would fund her requirements, as I suspect a significant top up would be necessary down the line. For now, I was looking forward to possibly my one and only sexual adventure with three girls and I was determined to enjoy it.

We arrived at the car park marginally ahead of Jasmine and Alia and after a bit of a discussion we headed along the main path and then took a right into an area with mature trees and an under storey of rhododendrons. Previously we had made straight for Alia's plot, but the girls seemed to want to have a walk, and being such a fine day, who could blame them. 

After walking around the leafy and rambling lanes that criss crossed through the allotment complex, we eventually came to the padlocked wooden gate of Alia's garden. 

The girls looked at me and giggled excitedly, as Alia produced the key.

"Are you sure no one's going to come down here?" asked Mya, apprehensively.

"It's okay," Mya, assured Alia. "My uncle is the only other person with a key and he's out of town, so it's fine."

"Okay then. That's good."

Getting straight down to business, Alia ran her index finger down the front of my shirt and smiled beautifully.

"We need to make you come big, James or you won't last later," she said.

"Really, why what have you got lined up?"

"We're going to blow your mind," added Jasmine.

"Yes, we're going to give you a long slow blow job," said Alia, her brown eyes fixed on me passionately. Alia knew exactly how to use her innate sexuality to turn me on. She had such a butter wouldn't melt look, that when she spoke sexily, it sent shivers down my spine.

Just the thought of a three way blow job was enough to make me uncomfortably hard and I was now in the zone of lustful abandon and wanted to indulge my carnal instincts. I asked Alia and Mya to turn round. I touched both girls through their clothes, circling my hands over their behinds and giving each cheek a little squeeze. But we were alone now and apart from the Song Thrush in the corner, away from any witness to my horny intentions.

"Do you mind if I lower your shorts a little, so I can see your amazing bum properly, Mya?"

"I won't protest too much," she said.

I took the waistband of her shorts and inched them down as far as the top of her legs. She had a lovely ass, with those cheeky little creases where her buttocks met her legs. I squeezed her ass cheeks and then slid my index finger along the length of her crack. As I had Mya's shorts partly down I took Alia's skirt hem and lifted it to her waist so I could compare her and her friend's butts.
