 "Hey, do your parents know where you are?"

I slowly opened my eyes, and took a second to remember where I was. Naked in bed beside Jay. What a nice way to wake up! I smiled at him. "How long were we sleeping?"

"A couple hours." He pulled me against him and gave me a kiss. "I must have worn you out. You weren't tired when I picked you up."

"You didn't pick me up. We ran into each other at the diner."

"Same difference. So did you have fun before our nap?"

I remembered the toy Jay had used on me. It was only the second time I'd been with him; only the second time I'd been with anyone, actually. I'd given Jay my virginity a couple weeks earlier. Apparently he'd decided he was going to teach me everything he knew about sex, which seemed considerable. Including the use of sex toys. I knew nothing about sex; at eighteen, I hadn't even French kissed a guy until Jay. I had a lot to learn.

"Do you have to think about it?" Jay teased.

"I was just enjoying the memory," I replied. "It was fun. Different, but fun."

"Different?"

"Well, I've never had a piece of plastic in my pussy before."

"So which did you like better, the piece of plastic or my cock?"

I reached down and stroked his hard dick with one finger. "I like this much better."

"Want to feel it again?"

"Hell, yeah." Just lying beside him knowing we were both naked made me wet.

"Then get your ass over to my phone and call your parents. They probably have no idea where you are, right?"

"Right. We got into an argument and I took off."

"Which means you're probably going to be in big trouble when you get home. If you call them now, you might be in less trouble. I don't want you getting in trouble on my account. It would be hard to see you if you weren't allowed out of the house."

"I'm eighteen. They can't ground me. If they try, I won't listen."

"Take my advice, Sam. Stay on good terms with your parents. It'll make things easier. Besides, I'm not fucking you again till you call them."

"You drive a hard bargain."

I got out of bed and picked up Jay's cell phone from the nightstand. My father answered the phone on the first ring. "Hello?"

"Hi, Dad," I said.

"Samantha St. Pierre, where have you been? Your mother and I have been worried sick!"

"Sorry. I met a friend of mine and I've been hanging out with them. We're at my friend's place. I got tired and fell asleep, or I would have called sooner." 

I wasn't about to tell him who the friend was. Until their junior year of high school, Jay had been my brother Randy's best friend. A fight over a girl had ended the friendship and had caused my brother and parents to decide Jay was someone to avoid. Not me. I'd had a crush on Jay since I was a kid, and as far as I was concerned, Randy's fight with him was just plain stupid.

Naturally Dad wasn't satisfied with what I'd said. "Who's the friend?"

"Someone from work." Not a total lie. The first time I'd seen Jay in years was a few weeks before, when he'd walked into the convenience store where I worked. He'd saved me from being robbed. "And I'm still going to the library, so I won't be home till later."

"We don't like not knowing where you are, Samantha."

"I understand that. But I'm eighteen, Dad. That's what that whole thing was about this morning, isn't it? I'm eighteen, and you have to let me be an adult sometimes. I should have some freedom."

"We'll talk about it when you get home. I guess since you're already out, you're going to do what you want anyway."

"Already out? That makes it sound like home is a prison."

Jay snorted, and I held back my laughter. "It's far from a prison," Dad said. "You have plenty of freedom."

"I have less freedom than some twelve-year-olds I've known. But as you say, we can talk about it when I get home. I love you."

"I love you too."

I hung up the phone and jumped onto the bed. "There, happy?" I asked Jay.

"Very." He lightly bit my nipple. "I'm as horny as you are, you know. I wanted to fuck you again."

"So you probably would have fucked me even if I hadn't made the call."

"Nope. When I say something, I stick to it. You need to learn that about me." Jay slipped his hand between my legs. "Damn, you're wet! I should have fingered you while you were on the phone. That would have made things really interesting."

"I wouldn't have been able to talk," I said.

"Maybe, maybe not. It might have been fun to see if you could keep yourself together while I did this." He pressed a finger against my clit. "Or this." He pushed two fingers into my pussy. "What do you think, should we try that sometime?"

"Maybe." I gasped as he thrust his fingers in and out. "But not when I'm on the phone with my dad. Oh, god, Jay, that feels good!"

"You like being fucked, don't you. You like feeling my fingers in your cunt, and you like feeling my cock."

"Yes!"

"What do you want me to do, baby? Tell me. Should I keep finger fucking you? Should I eat your cunt? Should I just turn you over and pound your pussy with my cock?"

"Eat me," I begged. "Please, eat me!"

"And what do I get out of it?"

"The pleasure of making me come?"

He laughed. "That is a pleasure. You come easier than almost any woman I've been with. But I was thinking of something a little more equal. How about you suck my dick while I go down on you?"

"I think I like that idea."

"Good. Then open wide."

He positioned himself over me and slid his cock between my lips. At the same time, he sucked my clit into his mouth. We licked and sucked each other until my orgasm forced me to stop so I wouldn't bite him. Jay rolled away from me. "Liked that, did you?" 

"God, yes! But you didn't come."

"No, I didn't. Did you want me to?"

"Well, yeah. You said you wanted things equal, didn't you?"

"Good point. Then come here and finish sucking me off, baby."

I lay on my stomach and took his cock into my mouth. I knew I wasn't the best at giving blowjobs, but Jay hadn't complained yet. After all, I just needed practice.

I sucked the head of his cock, then slid my lips further down. Jay reached down and fingered my clit as I sucked him. I moaned around his shaft, but kept sucking. I was determined to make him come. 

With one hand, I grasped the part of his cock that I couldn't get into my mouth. I massaged and squeezed it as I sucked. "Damn, Sam, where did you learn how to do that?" Jay said. "That feels fucking great! Keep going, baby, I'm almost there."

I kept sucking and groping him. Finally he said, "Sam, I'm coming!"

His warm cum filled my mouth. I swallowed as much as I could, but some leaked out. After a moment, I released Jay's cock and wiped my mouth with my hand. "Sorry," I said. "I wanted all of it."

"You did great, Sam," he said. "No need to be sorry." He reached over to the nightstand and grabbed a couple tissues, which he handed to me. "Here, clean up with these for now. We'll take a shower before we go to Tillie's."

"We will?"

"Sure. Don't you want to take a shower with me?"

I hadn't thought about it. Of course I'd never showered with anyone else, but it sounded like it could be fun. Or maybe Jay was being literal, and we really would just shower. Either way, I didn't mind the idea. "Yes, I do. What time are we going to Tillie's?"

"After we get done fucking and showering. She told me yesterday she'll be home all day today. You still need to get those clothes you left there last time."

"Yeah, my mother's been asking me where that shirt is."

"Tell her you loaned it to a friend. And stop talking about your mother. You want me to fuck you, right?"

"Yes."

"Tell me where you want me to fuck you."

I knew what word he wanted me to use. I just wasn't sure I could use it. "In my- in my cunt."

"Say it again, baby." Jay gripped his cock and started stroking. "You have to help me get hard again if we're going to fuck. Where do you want me to fuck you?"

"I want you to fuck my cunt," I said. "I want you to put your big cock in my cunt and fuck me hard."

"Fuck!" Jay grabbed my hand and brought it to his cock. "You are so hot when you talk like that, Sam. Bet you never thought you'd use those words, huh? You're such a little goody-two-shoes."

"I'm not a goody-two-shoes," I argued. I squeezed his cock. "Would a goody-two-shoes be here naked with you?"

"Depends on what she's good at."

"I'm good at a lot of things."

"You're definitely getting good." He took a condom from the nightstand. "Here you go. Put it on me and then you can have my cock."

I carefully unrolled the condom onto his dick. "How are you going to fuck me?" I asked.

"How do you want it? Did you like it when I fucked you from behind? Or would you rather be on top? There are a lot of positions, Sam. It's all up to you."

"I want you on top." Maybe it was a boring position, but I liked it.

"You got it."

Jay rolled on top of me. I felt the tip of his cock against my pussy and then, with one hard thrust, he pushed it in. It felt so good! It might only have been a couple hours since the last time he'd fucked me, but I felt like I could never get enough. He was the first guy who'd ever fucked me, and he was so good at it, I didn't care if he was the only guy who ever did.

He thrust harder. "How does this feel, Sam? Talk to me. I love hearing you talk while I fuck you."

I had no idea what to say. "Fuck me. Fuck me with your cock."

"What am I fucking?" He thrust harder.

"God, Jay! My cunt! You're fucking my cunt!"

"That's right, baby. And what do you think about it?"

"I love it! I love feeling you fuck my cunt!"

"Fuck!" He stopped. "God, Sam, you're so fucking tight; with all that dirty talk, I'm going to come in a second if I don't stop."

I reached between us and touched my clit. I was so aroused, it was practically tingling. "As soon as you're done resting, I bet you can make me come."

"Resting? You think I'm resting?" He shoved hard into me. "Does that feel like resting to you?"

"Jay! If you do that again, I'm definitely going to come!"

So he did it again. And again, until after a few hard thrusts I felt the orgasm explode over me. "Jay! Fuck, yes!"

He lay still again. "There. Satisfied?"

"Yes!"

"Good." He smoothed my hair back from my face. "God, Sam, you are so fucking sexy. I can't believe how hot you are. You were just waiting for the right person to unlock all that, weren't you?"

"I guess I must have been." I kissed him. "Are you the right person?"

"I must be. I'm the one fucking you." He started thrusting again, more slowly now. "I want to make this last," he said. "Unless I fuck you at Tillie's, it'll be a while before I see you again."

"Why?"

"We'll talk about it afterward." He picked up his pace. "Right now, I'm fucking one of the sexiest women I know, and I don't want to think about anything but that."

"Fuck! Oh, Jay, it feels so good!" It did, but I couldn't let go of what he'd said. Why would it be a while before he saw me?

After a few minutes, I felt Jay tense. "Fuck!" he cried. He gave one hard thrust and pulled out of me. "Damn, Sam, you're fucking incredible."

"So are you."

He got up and tossed the condom in his trash can. "Okay, I'd love to lie here and hold you for a few minutes, but Tillie's expecting us, so we'd better get moving. Come take a shower with me."

Hesitantly, I got off the bed. "I've never showered with anyone."

"Of course you haven't. Don't worry, my shower has plenty of room."

It did. There was no tub, just a shower stall, but the stall was huge. There was enough room for four or five people; Jay and I weren't even crowded. "Why is this so big?" I asked.

"Because whoever had it installed probably liked sharing showers." He turned on the water and adjusted the temperature. "Does that feel okay?"

"Yeah, that's fine."

"Good."

We washed, but didn't touch each other. I was a little disappointed, but on the other hand, I'd already fucked him twice that morning. That should have been enough. 

After our shower, we dressed and headed out the door to Jay's friend Tillie's house. Friend may not have been the right word; Jay fucked Tillie sometimes, and I was sure he'd fucked her since the last time I'd seen him. I had to try not to mind. Jay had made it clear that he enjoyed fucking different women and wasn't about to tie himself to just one. If I wanted to be with him, it had to be on his terms.

When we got to Tillie's, she was waiting at the door wearing a tight, cropped camisole and a miniskirt. Obviously she was looking forward to seeing Jay. She surprised me with a hug. "Good to see you, honey," she said. "You need your hair done again, though. Don't you style it?"

"I don't know how." The first time Jay had taken me out, he'd brought me to Tillie's for a makeover. She'd made me look amazing: hair, makeup, and the dress I'd forgotten to bring with me when I'd bailed out of my parents' house that morning. But I didn't own any makeup of my own and since I'd never done much with my hair other than combing and brushing it, I didn't know anything about styling.

"I'll teach you," she said. She turned to Jay and planted a long, tongue-filled kiss on his lips. "Haven't seen you for a few days."

"I've been busy," he replied. "Are you going to let us in, or just stand here giving your neighbors an eyeful?"

Tillie moved aside, and we went in. She went over to her couch and picked up a pile of clothing, which she held out to me. "You left this here last time."

"Thank you."

"Put them down, Tillie," Jay said. "I'll make sure she remembers them when we go, but we aren't leaving yet and I don't think she wants to hold them the whole time we're here."

"Hope not." Tillie ran her eyes down my body. "You're looking hot today, Sam."

"Um, thanks." I wasn't sure how to respond to a compliment like that from another woman.

"You're very welcome. So what are you two up to today? Am I doing a re-makeover?"

"That would be a start," Jay said. "You just said you were going to teach her how to style her hair. And I think I owe you something."

"Yeah, considering you were supposed to be here five days ago and never showed." She glanced at me. "She knows...?"

"She knows I fuck you, yeah. I think we made that pretty obvious last time she and I were here." Jay took my hand. "And she's trying not to have a problem with it, right, Sam?"

"Right." Though it wasn't easy. Tillie was older than I was, older than Jay as far as I could tell. Her outfit gave a good indication of how comfortable she was with her body and with sex. The first time Jay and I'd been there, she had groped him right in front of me. On the other hand, he'd groped me in front of her, which had felt both uncomfortable and exciting.

"Don't let it bother you, honey," Tillie said. "Jay and I are just good friends. Sometimes good friends fuck. Doesn't mean anything, except that we're horny. And that Jay isn't going to settle for just a meal when he can have a whole buffet. You're just one dish."

"Tillie, shut up," Jay said. "Sam isn't just another dish. She knows I'm not going to give up other women, but she's different. She's something special."

I couldn't believe he'd actually said that to Tillie. He was pretty much telling her I meant more to him than she did. Not that I had a problem with that. Hearing him say it made me very, very happy. 

It didn't make Tillie so happy, though. "Special, huh? How special could a virgin be? Oh, wait, she isn't a virgin anymore, is she."

"Jealousy isn't a good condition for you," Jay said. "If Sam can stand here listening to you talk about fucking me and not get jealous, I don't see why you're getting upset when I talk about her. You know how things are between you and me, and you know how things are between me and others."

"Yeah, well, you don't call anyone else 'something special.' So what does that mean, she's your girlfriend or something? Should I start planning the wedding?"

"Maybe I should leave," I said. Tillie was pissed, and it was pretty clear that it was directed at me.

"If you leave, so am I," Jay said. "So what about it, Tillie? Are Sam and I leaving, or are you going to back off?"

"I don't give a shit what you do."

"Tillie, you and Jay both told me that you and he are only friends," I said. "You just said it a second ago. Sorry if what he said upsets you. I'm not stopping him from doing anything else."

"You have to understand something, Tillie," Jay said. "I've known Sam since she was a little brat. She used to follow her big brother and me around. I thought she was cute then, but she was just a kid. Then she grew up. I like having her around, and I like that she wants to be with me. Sorry if that's a problem for you. I'm not giving you up or anyone else. Sam knows that. There's a different between sex and how you feel about someone. Sam isn't the only one I plan to have sex with. She is the only one I feel this way about. So either get over it, or you and I are done. I'm not going to have you pissed off at Sam for something that's out of her control."

Tillie and I stared at him. He'd told me before that I was something special and that he wanted to see me regularly; he'd told me that he hadn't felt that way about anyone else. But he hadn't said anything like this, and I was astonished that he was saying it to Tillie, of all people.

Tillie recovered quickly. "Damn, Jay, next thing you'll be saying you love her."

"Nah, I'd never say that." Jay squeezed my hand. "Anyway, yes, Sam's my girlfriend. No, that doesn't mean I won't fuck anyone else. But if you act like a bitch about it, it means I won't fuck you anymore. Your choice."

"I'll shut up," Tillie muttered. 

After that little confrontation, I didn't think Jay would ask Tillie for anything, but he said, "So are you fixing her hair or not?"

"Sure." She studied me. "Something needs to be done. I definitely can't let her walk out of here looking like that. It would ruin my reputation. Sit down, Sam."

It was probably the first time she hadn't called me "honey", but I didn't comment. If I was putting my hair in her hands, I didn't want to tick her off any more than I already had. I sat in her stylist chair and she picked through my hair, holding up chunks of it. "You should have it layered," she said finally. "This style makes you look like a kid. You're young, but if you're involved with Jay, you definitely aren't a kid anymore."

"Why does that bother you?" I asked. I clapped my hand over my mouth. I hadn't meant to say anything.

"It doesn't bother me. Like I said, he and I are just friends. Sometimes friends fuck. And sometimes friends fuck other people. It's all good."

I didn't believe her for a second, but I wasn't stupid enough to push it. I just sat still while she took a comb and a pair of scissors and started snipping at my hair.

Jay stood to one side and watched. "You're making her look hot, right, Tillie?" he asked.

"You have to ask? What else would I be doing?"

"Just making sure. See, I'm going to be away for a while. A week or two, anyway. So I figured you two might keep each other company while I'm gone, which means you'd want her to look good."

Tillie grinned. "Keep each other company, huh? Does that mean you admit you're replaceable?"

"Hell no. I can be substituted for during brief time periods, though."

"Wait a minute," I said. "What do you mean, keep each other company? And where are you going?"

"Away on business, and you can figure out what I mean."

"I'm not a lesbian, Jay," I said.

"Never said you were."

Then I had no idea what he was saying. It certainly sounded like he was implying Tillie and I might have sex. I wasn't at all interested. I was completely straight. At least I thought I was. Though I had to admit, Tillie was definitely sexy. But that didn't mean I wanted anything physical to do with her. I'd felt strange having her see me naked the first time I'd been to her house. She'd seemed to enjoy what she saw, though.
