 The author kindly advises that this scenario contains descriptions of drug use, groupsex and graphic language. It is only suitable for persons over 18 years old.

Chapter 4-French Ecstasy

The mid-year exam results were in. Grace hurried down the Uni corridors towards to administrative department where the results were pinned on the announcement board. Her finger ran down the list. She found her scores. Above average was the verdict. Acceptable but she knew she had to improve to make it to the next year. Excited, she called her mum to share the news. 

It had been a difficult few months for her. She felt restless and didn't sleep well. Hot images of her groupsex experience with that client in the city (part 3) just wouldn't go away.

She went to the cafeteria, ordered a juice and contemplated her situation. What had happened to her? Until the beginning of the year she had been this average girl with only three (ex-) boyfriends. She focused on her studies, went out on Friday night but nothing wild. She knew she was too body confident. She knew it was easy to take your clothes off when you looked as tanned, slim and toned as she did.

That day at the beach changed everything (part 1). She exposed herself to that couple. Shockingly, they turned out to be friends with her parents. They forced her into a threesome. The old couple penetrated her body like the woman in the dunes did. The city client experience showed her a whole new exciting world. A world she was eager to explore. That was two months ago. Just thinking about it still aroused her and made her squeeze her legs together. She had to get it off her mind. Next week the holidays started. She would travel, visit friends and try to forget about it all. 

Two weeks later a text from Alex (Who is Alex part 2) threw that all in disarray.

She was at her parent's home and planning to travel abroad in the next few days. Everything was arranged when she read the sms on her phone. Alex wanted to see her. She was coming over within the hour. She nervously sent a confirmation.

Alex arrived and exchanged pleasantries with Grace and her parents. She introduced herself as Grace's friend. Grace found time alone with her. She told her about a acquaintance who lived in a mansion just outside Paris. He was throwing a huge sex party that would go well into the night. He was looking for a girl who could 'entertain' the guests. It paid lots of money plus a free holiday to France. 

In a calculated way Alex added that about sixty guests were invited who were mostly 'libertines'. The party was being held in a few days time. She noticed the arousal in Grace's face. She knew her weakness and didn't need an answer. The next day Grace received an envelope with instructions, tickets and spending money.

A few days later she packed a shoulder bag and left for France. She told her mum that she went shopping in Paris. Grace was about to cream herself at the thought of what awaited her. Her mum would have been disgusted and horrified if she knew what her only daughter was getting herself into.

Grace arrived in Paris early in the evening. She caught the train to an outer suburb and found the address easily. It was a large mansion with an impressive driveway. She rang the bell and was met by a female staff member who let her in. A lot of guests in evening attire had already arrived. She mingled, drank wine and admired the stately home. It had a large hallway with rooms on either side. At the end, she was told, was a large ballroom. The atmosphere was pleasantly warm thanks to sparse soft classic lights. It was after 8pm. Most guests had arrived.

A large upholstered red bench stood in the middle of one of the larger rooms. It was about 1.5 meters wide, 2.5 meters long and 1 meter high. Grace admired it when a female servant asked her to follow her. They went through one of the back hallways into a small room. A girl dressed in black leather greeted her. She told Grace to take her clothes off. Grace was nervous. She new her time had come. 

Slowly she started taking her clothes off while maintaining eye contact with her. The girl could see the lust in her eyes and admired her tanned body. She fitted Grace with a red studded dog collar connected to a leash. She was handed an aphrodisiac and swallowed the tablet with water. Loud rhythmic music came from the guest area. A black man entered the room. He took his clothes off and revealed his huge manhood. The girl also fitted him with a dog collar and leash. Together they slowly walked down the hallway, entering the room with the guests. Grace and the black man were on leashes. Grace saw fifty eyes checking out their naked bodies. She didn't mind. It excited her. They were all strangers to her.

She was led on to the upholstered bench. Grace moved to the front on all fours, spread her knees and pushed her ass high up in the air. The guests surrounded the bench and had a clear view of her genitals. The girl put lubricant on her fingers and moved her hand down Grace's body. Grace pushed her ass up a bit higher. She felt the girl's fingers entering her between her legs. She was lubricating her holes under the watchful eyes of the crowd. Grace felt strange hands running over her body. A female guest slowly planted a lingering deep kiss on her mouth. Grace could feel her tongue and assertively kissed her back. 

The black man mounted the bench, pushing his face in between her ass cheeks. He frantically ate Grace's crotch. The guests watched intently enjoying the sight. Grace enjoyed the wet tongue licking her and penetrating her holes. The aphrodisiac tablet kicked in. She was horny and ready to mate. The girl gave the black man more leash. She felt his hot meat pushing into her hole. The crowd excitedly egged the man on. Grace was on heat. His cock was rubbing her cavity walls. Hands of the guests reached out for her, touching her, rubbing her. 

The man pulled out and strange fingers inserted themselves into her throbbing holes. Grace was flushed and red hot by now. Females came up to the front and kissed her with wet open mouths. They grabbed her hair and forced their tongues into her. The man was back and attacked her red openings with full force. Grace squeezed her holes open even further. His black meat went deep inside her. Grace loved every bit of it. She was a public fuck toy. The man latched on to her ass, growled and shot his sperm into her slit. The crowd gasped and applauded.

Many of the guests now slowly disappeared. The girl used her leashes to finish the mating. Grace and the black man walked down the hallway towards the ballroom. She was still red hot and felt throbbing wetness and itching between her legs. He was rock hard. She heard thumping music and moans coming from the ballroom. 

The ballroom space was sparsely lit with only a few lamps. Her eyes adjusted to the darkness. She let out a gasp and almost creamed herself. She saw five large round upholstered beds in the room. Groups of semi-undressed and naked people were involved in group sex. Others walked in between the padded podiums and watched the frantic fucking. The sound of moans mixed with the loud beat of the music. Her brain stopped functioning. She was so turned on. This was her first orgy. 

This was what she had been thinking about for all those months. That feeling between her legs, when she masturbated at night or tried to study during the day.

The girl led Grace into the room in between the podiums. She saw clusters of bodies, arms, legs spread wide, red-hot cocks spurting cum. Moisture was dripping out of Grace's slit. She was so ready for all this. The girl removed the leashes. She pointed to the people and instructed Grace to mate with all of them. 

Grace slowly got up and walked in between the podiums. The black man's sperm was running out of her hole down her leg. The fucking she watched was intense. There were piles of bodies. It was hard to distinguish what belonged to whom. She slowly went close to one of the podiums. A hand reached out from the pile and went between her legs. Fingers went into her. She squatted slightly presenting her slit. She moaned and slowly moved onto the podium. 

Hands caressed her body as she moved to the middle of the group. A man went under her sliding his cock into her pussy. A girl sat on the man's face and kissed Grace with open mouth pushing her tongue inside. Simultaneously a stranger took her from behind in her anus. Grace didn't turn to see who it was. It was irrelevant. She wanted to fuck strangers. Her face was flushed. Her eyes glazed. The aphrodisiacs made her go wild with lust. She came violently. Her openings were wet and swollen. The cocks pulled out and hot sperm splashed against her crotch running around and into her holes. 

From the people who watched her fuck, Grace saw how two men and a woman stared at her. They were clearly on heat. Grace knew they were the next to take her. She saw how the men slowly unbuttoned their pants. The woman slowly stripped. They moved onto the podium. The woman spread her legs before her, raising her pelvis and offering her slit to Grace. At the same time hands ran down between her ass cheeks. New cocks pushed into her cavities. She came soon afterwards but her orgasm didn't solve anything. She was still red hot and latched on to the woman's clit, eating her ferociously. Hot juices filled her mouth. She couldn't get enough of this. 

The cocks delved deeper into her, then pulled out and hot sperm sprayed all over her back. Grace left the womanÕs crotch, sucked her nipples and kissed her square on the mouth, her tongue fighting with hers. While she was riding the cock of yet another stranger she looked around the room. Bodies moved all around her. The smell of sperm and sweat filled the room. 

Voyeurs stood around her group, getting themselves off by watching her fuck. Grace felt incredible. The whole situation felt like an impossible wet dream. She wanted to give all of them a hot show and changed positions. While she was riding someone's hot cock she leaned backwards resting on her arms stretched out behind her. She spread her legs and moved her hips up and down giving onlookers a detailed view of the massive cock sliding in and out of her dripping pussy. She threw her head back and moaned loudly. She loved being watched, showing off what she had between her legs. Hands ran up and down her chest, lips sucked her firm tits. She was fuck meat and loving it. 

The man underneath her pulled out his throbbing cock and large strands of hot cum landed on her stomach and chest. The stream of sperm splattering on the front of her body didn't seem to end. That drove Grace over the edge. Onlookers saw her shudder as she came with a scream, liquid spraying out of her fuck hole. She slumped on her back with her legs wide open. Immediately a girl mounted her and pushed her slit in her face. She buried her head between GraceÕs legs. Fingers pushed open her swollen pussy, lips latched on to her highly sensitive clit. 

Grace pushed her head in between the woman's slim legs and frantically licked her crotch. A cock appeared above her and pushed into the woman's anal canal. A few minutes later she saw the shaft tremble. It pulled out and loads of sperm shot against the woman's crotch running into Grace's mouth.

Grace moved slowly between podiums, watching, rubbing her clit while slightly squatting, white sperm running out of her holes down her legs. More tongues and cocks penetrated her, more hot liquid shot into her body. She took some more aphrodisiac and shuddered when she came. For Grace, this was the best thing ever. She fully immersed herself in the large groups, fucking with everybody like crazy. 

It was midnight. The girl, who had Grace on the leash during her first mating, slowly entered the orgy room. She was still dressed in leather and was slowly going from podium to podium, watching the frantic piles of flesh. She had not been allowed to join in. Her genitals were burning between her legs. It almost drove her insane. 

She slowly walked over to the next podium and spotted Grace in the middle of around fifteen wildly fucking bodies. Many voyeurs were masturbating around the group. Almost every few minutes one of them was shooting his sperm onto the pile of bodies. She watched Grace lying on her back, legs spread wide, deepÐkissing a girl. Another girl was squeezing her tits and working her nipples while the black man was pumping his long cock into her bright red, dripping hole. Her back arched as her pelvis counter-fucked his long hard meat. 

The girl watched it and slowly started to take her clothes of. The sight of all this was too much for her. She now watched Grace naked, her hands rubbing between her legs. The black man grunted loudly, pulled out his cock and shot his liquid over Grace's stomach and tits. One of the girls smeared the white sticky substance all over Grace's body. 

The girl watching the podium caught Grace's glazed eyes. She winked the black guy, showed Grace a leash and ordered both of them to leave the group. Grace slowly crawled on all fours over bodies to the edge of the podium. The girl attached the leash to Grace's red dog collar. She stood up next to the girl and the black man. All three were naked. Grace looked disheveled, her skin smeared with dried sperm. She was still taking in the incredible scenes around her while fingering her slit, when they left the orgy room and slowly walked down the hallway.

Grace was led through a small side door down a flight of stairs into the basement. At the end of a dark corridor was a dimly lit very large room. She heard the sound of a pulsating beat mixed with moans and squeals. A large crowd was watching something. The girl slowly led Grace to the front. What she then saw shocked and excited her at the same time.

She stood in front of a large glass wall. Behind the wall was an area covered in cream bathroom tiles with padding on the floor. It was steamy behind the glass. Naked bodies, two deep, covered in oil and sweat, moved through each other like a mass of worms. It was impossible to count them. Every now and then a body would crawl up against the glass, only to be immediately pulled back by many hands into the raging oily mass of meat.

This was too much for Grace. Moisture dripped from between her legs. Her carnal desires were about to overwhelm her. The girl took off the leash and gave her two tablets to swallow. One tablet was an aphrodisiac, the other was exstasy. Her hair was tied together with a band and the three of them went through a side door. Servants covered them in oil. They stepped into the area behind the glass into layers of bodies. Immediately many hands grabbed their legs. They slowly made way to the centre of the area near the glass. The girl was the first to be pulled down. She disappeared under penetrating fingers, hands and bodies. Grace heard her moan and scream. The incessant beat drowned her out.

Grace turned towards the glass and looked straight at the crowd. She then spread her legs wide, leaned forward, planting her stretched out hands against the glass, slowly bending her knees. The hands and fingers rapidly moved up her legs reaching into her crotch. She let out a load moan when many fingers pushed into her stretched slit and asshole. Her ass buckled and moved around fucking these fingers. She didn't want to come yet. She would get weak at the knees and the hands would pull her down. She kept on fucking these fingers. All the while her wild eyes were staring through the glass at the crowd. 

The black man was also still standing. His long cock was rock hard. He slowly positioned himself behind Grace and lifted her up by her thighs. He pushed her up against the glass. She was now suspended in mid-air, her chest and face against the glass, her arms and legs spread wide. The black man positioned his cock under her pussy lips. The crowd saw close-up how he slowly pushed in his long meat, sliding up her wet, red hole. Grace pushed herself slightly away from the glass and spread her legs even wider. Her feet were off the ground as that hard long cock pumped in and out of her. She felt the meat rubbing in her cavity. 

She licked her lips and stared at the crowd reveling in her being a fuck toy. She locked eyes with every single person. They were all staring at her swollen wet genitals.

All were strange eyes for her except for one pair that she knew. A hot flush went through her body. She recognized Mike Jones in the crowd. He was watching her hot fucking. It all got too much for her. Her body cramped up and trembled, she screamed. Her pussy exploded and hot liquid spurted down the shaft of the stiff rod banging in and out of her.

A minute later the black guy came. His cock pulled out of her slit and rubbed between her pussy lips against the glass. Hot white loads of liquid shot up splashing the glass wall. He stuck his black cock straight back into Grace. This time it slid slowly up her anal cavity. She felt how the hot meat filled her up. The man slowly lost strength. Many hands reached up his legs and eventually dragged him down. With him, an overwhelmed Grace also slowly slid downwards. Fingers went into her holes, hands rubbed all over her. Both went under in a pulsating mass of bodies. 

In the next hours she stopped being a person. Dozens of fingers, tongues and cocks forced themselves inside her body cavities. The oil lubricated everything. The ecstasy kept her going. The aphrodisiac drove her insane. She had spasms continuously and screamed with raging orgasms. She became the ultimate fuck meat.

This event profoundly changed her. In the weeks that followed Grace had trouble sleeping and concentrating. She still did well at Uni but the sounds, smells and images of all this had been imprinted in her brain. She could vividly remember every minute of the evening, night and early morning. 

It created turmoil in her life. At night in her dorm room she masturbated furiously, carnal images filling her mind. Her parents were oblivious to it all. Some of her fellow students suspected something. It became all very difficult to manage. She had long talks with Alex. The only one she could confide in. Would she be able to manage her urges?