 It was a warm early spring day, and I was sitting in a Burger King in the centre of town, munching on a box of French fries. Anyone who knows me, will know that fast food outlets are not my natural environment. But when I am there at the request of the two nineteen year olds and one eighteen year old, who were my muses, I can make an exception.

My friends with benefits Jasmine and Alia had just introduced me to their mutual friend Mya, and the three of them had somewhat nervously jerked me off in the local forest, in a particularly quiet spot. This was the precursor to an afternoon of sex, and a necessary release of pent up ejaculate that would help me to last longer for what was to come.

The three girls were happily scoffing their burgers and fries and chatting to each other, like the normal healthy teenagers that they are. An observer might have wondered what my role was, on a Saturday afternoon, relaxing with three girls their age. I could not easily pass for an older relative, given the distinctly exotic appearance of my companions. Their jet black hair and light olive complexion contrasted with my brown hair and blue eyes. It was true, I felt slightly out of place, even given my relatively young mien. This was the first time I had ever socialised with the girls, and the age difference was more apparent to me, as their conversation was so alien. They were talking about bands and singers I had never heard of and TV programmes I had never watched. In the bedroom, we were equalised, my physical fitness and sexual potency more than a match for their own libido. 

Any passing uncertainty about the situation was dismissed instantly when I thought about peeling off their clothes and kissing them all over. My lustful ambitions for the afternoon were enough to make me giddy.

"Have you got some beer in?" asked Alia interrupting my naughty day dream.

"Sure have. Saint Miguel and Peroni."

"Hmmm... will wash down all this grease nicely," added Mya.

"The fridge is well stocked," I confirmed, feeling happier to be part of the conversation again.

"I suppose we ought to go back to yours then," suggested Alia.

"Are you feeling up to it?" asked Jasmine, in her matter of fact way.

I looked around, rather conscious of how her remarks might be construed.

"We could be talking about gardening," she added, noting my awkward body language. In any case the general chatter in the restaurant was enough to make our conversation part of the general hum of human talk.

"Yes, indeed. And yes I'm up to it, as well you know."

"But you've not done three before," Alia pointed out sweetly.

Mya giggled at this remark and looked at me bashfully. 

I could have done without these types of comments, if I was to get up and go, as my nether regions were becoming rapidly inconvenienced. I'm not sure if the girls were deliberately doing it, knowing the effect it would have or were merely guilty of playful flirtation.

"Are we ready then?" asked Jasmine.

"Just give me a minute," I said.

Jasmine looked at Alia and rolled her eyes. The three of them got up and headed for the rest room, thereby giving me another opportunity to ogle their lovely legs and butts. It also gave me the required time to take a few deep breaths and compose myself before waiting for them in the sunshine.

It was only a 15 minute journey from the town centre to my place and Jasmine was already parked on my driveway when I arrived. I really need to have a word with her about her speeding! The three girls piled out and I let them into my house. I'm fortunate in not having nosy neighbours, and only once did the old lady opposite once comment upon my regular young visitors. Something along the lines of 'You're keeping busy.' I'm sure that was an innocent remark rather than a knowing comment about my arrangements, but I passed it off as they being a couple of geology students, which is true. 

Jasmine and Alia were by now very familiar with my house and took Mya through to the living room, which was bright but cool, as the sun is in the back in the afternoon. I took a few bottles of Belgian beer from my refrigerator and handed three of them out, helping myself to a long slug from the fourth.

The girls looked amazing seated in a row on my sofa. Now in the privacy of my own home I allowed my eyes to roam over their legs and bare arms and the way their clothes made suggestive contours around their bodies. Their lovely black hair, all cut different ways; shoulder length on Jasmine, sleek and waist length on Alia and long and curly on Mya was intoxicating. They were very relaxed now and obviously comfortable and enjoying the beer. We spoke a bit about Mya's plans for her gap year and what she would do with the fifteen hundred I was going to give her. When there was a natural pause in the conversation, I placed my bottle down and turned the subject to all things erotic.

"I think I would really like to join you on there," I said.

"It would be a bit of a squeeze," observed Mya, correctly.

"You could sit on my knee, with your legs across Alia."

"Good idea," said Mya, standing up and allowing me to position myself between the other two.

Mya settled down across my lap in her red shorts and stretched her legs across Alia's. The warmth of the girls' bodies and their delicious scent made my cock even harder than it already was, but fortunately it was positioned in a way that wasn't too uncomfortable. Even so, I would be happier to have it throbbing in the open and not confined inside my shorts. I ran my hands around Mya's body, feeling her breasts through her top with one hand and inside her thighs and between the gusset of her shorts. As I was doing this I turned to Jasmine and then Alia kissing them one at a time. 

They had such arousing, hot moist mouths and tender soft lips, kissing them was a sheer joy. Running my hand inside Mya's top to fondle her bare breasts, I kissed her next as my hands fondled the other two wherever I could touch. Mya's nipples were stiff and eminently pinchable. My cock was absolutely rigid and somehow pressed against my belly, almost breaking the waistband of my shorts. Enough was enough.

"I seriously need to get out of these."

"I'm not surprised," said Jasmine with a giggle.

Mya shifted across to Jasmine without getting up and allowed me just enough space to unzip my shorts and wriggle out of them. My cock sprang up and it was a wonderful feeling being now free and exposed for the girls to see. Mya looked at my cock and put a hand around it, wanking me gently with the lightest pressure. As she did this, she turned to Jasmine, whom she was snuggled with and kissed her softly on the lips. 

"Oh fuck! That's hot! Ahh...!"

My exclamation was down to Alia, who had just slithered down her seat and put her hot mouth around my cock. Breaking their clinch, Jasmine assumed a similar role on the other side, and Mya positioned herself between my legs on the floor. Before I knew it, all three girls were licking and kissing my dick. 

It wasn't just the intense sensations of three tongues and mouths but the unbelievably arousing juicy noises that their lips made as they sucked and kissed my shaft and my bulbous head. Alia and Jasmine were rolling their tongues around my glans, while Mya was licking my shaft from base to tip. Every now and then, their tongues met at the top where they kissed all around the head. I pushed my head back into the sofa and moaned, along with a series of expletives. If two girls sucking your cock is mind-blowing, three is off the scale! I've never done drugs, but I defy anyone to tell me that it's better than three girls blowing your cock. 

I had just shaved my balls smooth that morning. A delicate operation, but well worth the effort, with the way Mya was taking my sack in her mouth and sucking my nuts as the other two licked my cock. I ran my hands through their hair, gathering Alia's and Mya's in loose bunches as their tongues flicked around my shaft. Mya discovered just how sensitive was my fraenulum and giggled as I winced and gasped in response to her massaging that area with her tongue. I actually felt as if I could come at any moment, but somehow I managed to hold back. Also, I knew the girls would be intent in making me last as long as possible. 

As if to test my resolve, Alia began to suck me softly, as Jasmine, now on her knees with Mya was licking my balls and the base of my shaft. It was as if every part of my manhood was being gently stimulated with their lips and tongues. To say that my cock was throbbing doesn't even come close to describing the feeling. It was a deep burning, pulsing sensation, as the girls took turns to fellate the head, while the other two caressed the shaft with their lips. Just as I thought I was reaching that point where I could take no more, they eased off, ceasing the sucking and just softly licking around my slit.

My dick was so engorged, I don't think I had ever had such a raging hard on, and even Jasmine and Alia who know my penis as well as anyone appeared to be in awe of the thickness and rigidity of my erection. Jasmine has this way of looking at me when she knows she is pleasing me and she gave me that look and some. I'm sure all three girls knew that I was getting close and Alia who is the expert par excellence of the edging blowjob took the lead in giving me tickly little flicks around my cock. In this way, they knew that my pleasure was prolonged. The result was my legs becoming rigid, and my voiced exclamations low groans of enjoyment.

My glans had become shiny and an ever increasing shade of crimson. Alia and then Jasmine drooled a little saliva over the end, following the resulting drizzle of spit down my shaft and licking it up again. If they had sucked me then, I would have surely come, but encouraging Mya to wet my cock in the same way, their saliva had a strangely soothing effect. But then suck me they did. They began slow and soft and went gradually deeper and faster, yet still with only light pressure.

I think what did for me in the end was to see Mya's hand down the front of her shorts and openly masturbating as she licked my cock. She lifted her top, which is when I spotted her little tattoo and slipped her fingers between her legs. As they sucked and licked my swollen phallus, now and then their lips would meet and they kissed, with my cock like a sandwich between their lips. When I eventually reached my orgasm, it came in a slow series of spasms, which went through my stomach and down my legs. As their three tongues lapped against the purple flesh of my cock, my whole body jerked and a trickle of pre-cum quickly became a fountain of cum. My spunk went everywhere, surprising even myself at the sheer force of my ejaculation. It went over my belly and chest mainly, but also landed on the girl's hair and some ending up on their lips and cheeks. 

It was the noisiest orgasm I had ever had, reducing the girls to a fit of giggles. They had been silent throughout the whole time, other than their little sexy kissing noises. The final throes of my climax broke the tension of the last 15 minutes and the three of them appeared genuinely elated in having done a good job.

The blood had well and truly drained from my head, so I didn't even attempt to stand up, and the girls declared that they were going to take a quick shower and would expect me in my bedroom shortly. How could I argue with that! 

As much as I would have liked to have shared a shower with them, even in my step in cubicle, it would have been a squeeze. As I came to think about it, I had never showered with the girls. Three would have been just about possible, but maybe the chance had gone. It was something to look forward to with Mya, if things turned out right.

Anyway, I finished my beer and gave the girls what seemed like a reasonable time to get washed and dry, knowing a 'quick shower' for three girls was not the five minutes it took me. The thought of them soaping up and with the intimate affair that three girls in my shower would inevitably be, my cock had barely gone flaccid as it began to harden again. 

I could hear their girly voices in my bathroom, but not the running of the shower, so I went into my upstairs study and tidied away some of the rock samples that I had been studying, until I heard the door go and the padding of feet on the landing. I jumped into the shower myself and refreshed myself in readiness for the next round. I knew it was going to be good.