 As I discussed in a previous letter, I had accepted the role of being the door prize at the swinger parties held by my step-son John and his wife Christine. I would arrive before the guests did so, and cover myself in whatever little costume they had prepared for me. I was a kitten, a bunny and a puppy on various occasions. And of course was required to wear the uniforms of a French Maid, a school girl, a nurse and, my favorite, a nun. As the guests arrived I would see to their drinks and satisfying their needs. The various couples would have me dance and strip before them. Wives would feed their husband's cocks into my mouth, and have me eat their horny little snatches as their husbands fucked me from behind. Men would take turns having anal sex with me as their friends watched, or had me suck their cocks. I enjoyed these parties immensely, but I noticed that Christine seemed to have largely lost interest in them. Yes, she would let the men their fuck her. Yes she stroked and sucked their cocks. But her expression was bored, and her gaze was distant. 

When I asked her after one party if she was no longer interested in the swinger lifestyle, she replied in an accusational tone that of course she was bored with it, as I had introduced her to fucking a big cock by tricking her into letting my lover Tom fuck her. This encounter is also described in a previous letter I have written. Tom, myself and Christine do get together rather regularly for a threesome. And it is amazing to see how she attacks his big cock with the eagerness of a hungry slutty school girl. When we are together, I barely get to enjoy Tom's cock at all, as Christine is immediately upon it with her lips, eagerly gulping his length into her throat. Soon she is on her back begging him to fuck her soaked cunt with his 10 inch prick. I kneel alongside Tom and holding his dick guide my lover's big cock into her slutty snatch. She moans like a $10 whore as his full length penetrates her, and he loves to grope at her bouncing firm tits and squeeze my heavy breasts while he rams himself in and out of her. He had to force fuck her a few times in the ass to make her the obedient slut that she has become. But now she accepts his massive dick in her butt without complaint. Tom enjoys having us perform 69 in each other before him, and then to alternate fucking my ass and Christine's ass. I will tell you this. It takes much practise and patients to be able to take a thick 10 inch cock into your ass. Christine is learning, while I of course am well trained and my ass accepts Tom's cock now as freely as does my cunt.

But back to my story, Christine's indifference did not seem to be explained away by these fucking sessions of ours and I suspected that there was more to this story than she was willing to disclose. So when alone with John I asked how their love life was outside of their occasional swinger parties. He explained that Christine had all but lost interest in sex. He said that she would only let him fuck her infrequently, and even then seemed distracted and distant. He said that she often stayed late at her law office and wondered if she had found another lover. I had come to grow very fond of John, he was a fine man with a great heart. I felt bad, knowing that I had tempted his wife to fuck outside their marriage and their agreed upon swinger group. And so I offered to spy on her if he liked and he accepted my offer. 

Visiting Christine's law firm the next day under the pretense of going out for lunch, I was able to see the office in which she worked. Introducing myself as her step mother, the secretary showed me to her office. This gave me an opportunity to see the people who worked there. Many of her co-workers were old men and women, but some few were young and good looking. In particular I noted two tall very handsome young black men who were clearly twins. They eyed my bosom and I noticed them glancing at my ass after I walked past. The secretary explained that they were the Kingston twins, young interns who she claimed with a smile were the life of every company party. Christine's office was large and plush, with a large desk and soft chairs and sofa. It was on the ground floor of the building and had a large window at the back with heavy closed curtains. 

Before she arrived I decided to adjust the curtains, carefully, at the edge, leaving an opening through which an observer outside the building could discretely peer in and see most of the room. I also slightly opened one window, admitting an outside viewer to overhear conversations within. When she arrived she said "What the fuck are you doing here you stupid whore?" Always a joy to meet. I explained that I had come over thinking she might like to go out for lunch. "Listen you idiot fuck tramp," she explained "You are a fuck toy for my husband and our friends and never ever anything more, a simple slut. Not get the fuck out of my office and never let me see you outside of our arranged meetings again!" Well, I guess I was told. I went and sat in my car and waited. I watched as everyone left the building. But everyone did not leave. I specifically noted that Christine had not left. Nor the Kingston boys. Exiting my car, I quietly went around back and took a look into her office through the opening I had left.

From my viewing position, I could see just the edge of Christine seated at her desk. She was typing away at her computer. The door to her office was shut. I waited for some time thinking nothing was suspicious. But then a knock came at the door. I was able to hear her say "Come in." quite clearly. 

Then I watched as the two tall well build black twins entered her office. "The office is all ours again Christine, everyone else has gone home." One said. 

Finishing her typing without responding, Christine then stood, straightened her professional but body hugging dress down over her curvaceous body, and strode over to the men. Her blonde hair flowed behind her as she walked, and her calves tightened from her high heels. Standing before the men she announced "Well then gentlemen, let us begin, shall we."

With this one of the men seized her by the arm and twisting it behind her back placed both hands together and pinned them. The other man called her a slut and slapped her across the face. Sliding his hands down her body, over her breasts and proceeding down to her thighs, he grabbed the material of her skin tight dress and pulled in up over her hips. She had no panties on and her bare ass and shaven pussy were revealed to their view. Placing his hand over her cunt and appearing to finger her, the man in front uttered "Is the white slave's cunt and ass needing of a good hard fucking today?"

Gasping heavily Christine responded "The slave girl needs her black master's to use her as the slut she is. Please boys, fuck all my holes, fuck your white slut slave!"

Well, this was a little bit of surprise to hear I thought to myself. Obviously she had come to accept and even crave the submissive role Tom demanded of her. But I was yet to understand why she craved the cocks of these young men when she seemed so bored with her husband and his friend's cocks. Then I understood! Releasing her arms the men forced to her knees. Without a word she unbuckled each man's pants and lowering them and pulled out their cocks. And beautiful fine cocks that they were! These magnificent black Titan's certainly lived up to the reputation of black men! Extraordinary specimens they were, thick and long, each boy more well-endowed even than Tom. Big gorgeous black cocks that I would have gladly paid money to be fucked by! 

Seizing her by her hair, the boys took turns thrusting their cocks into her gaping mouth. She appeared to eagerly engulf each cock into her drooling lips. As her face was repeatedly fucked by a pair of what must have been 12 inch cocks her eyes continually stared up at her dark lovers with an expression of complete submission and lust. I watching transfixed and rubbed my moistening pussy through my panties as she licked and sucked on each big dick presented before her, and as she tugged playfully on each pair of oversize hanging balls with her fingers and lips. As she sucked their meat they referred to her repeatedly as slut, slave and whore, which seemed to only make her suck more desperately on their balls and dicks. 

Pulling her to her feet, each of the towering men slapped her across the face again and then wrenched the dress from her body, leaving her standing naked between them. They then spanked away at her perky 36C tits and perfect heart shaped ass with their open palms as she moaned in pain and pleasure. Ordering her to assume the position of a slave girl about to take two cocks she leaned over a chair, offering her plump willing lips on one end, with her willing red ass thrust out at the other. Looking over at them she pleaded "Please Master's, please, fuck me, fuck your slave girl with those cocks that I worhsip. I am so tired of my husband's small white pecker, I need real men to fuck me, with real men's cocks. Please. Please fuck your slut slave girl. Please."

With this each man assumed a position on either end of Christine. She squealed long and loud like a little pig as a big long black dick forced its way into her hungry cunt. Before she could cry out, the other long dick went deep into her throat. The young men pounded Christine like the whore she had become, taking turns fucking her eager mouth and cunt. As each cock was withdrawn to exchange positions, I could see drool pouring from her mouth as pussy juices flowed from her cunt. Her body would shake and quiver until each cock was settled back into her willing holes. Her ass pumped back and forth forcefully as she tried to drive as much of the length of each cock into her twat. As she sucked each big dick her hands clasped around the shaft with all the vigor of someone holding onto a rope for dear life. She would hold each cock before her eyes and gaze with intense admiration at the prize she had found, as if they were the only true love that she had ever known. It was clear that she truly did worship these big dicks. She was not a slave to these men, but in a real sense her body was a slave to their giant cocks.

Having fucked her mouth and cunt to their contentment, the boys propped Christine's ass over her desk and commenced taking turns ramming their cocks into her ass. The first had to take his time to enter her, and no surprise, for they were each as wide as my forearm. She screamed intensely, and I could see her face cringing in pain. I thought for a moment she looked like she might pass out. But her body clearly loved the abuse and she began to moan with pleasure as his cock entered her and began to slide back in and out. "You like my brother's cock up your asshole don't you, you fucking slut white tramp? Beg for it slave, beg like the whore you are!" The one said to her as the other pumped away on her butt hole.

"Fuck my ass Master, fuck your slaves ass hard, I want both of you, over and over. Use me, fuck me, I'm your white trailer trash whore!" She screamed aloud. The men took their turns repeatedly drilling a foot of cock into her ass and calling her white trash, both eventually cumming in her hole. After each blew his load into her, they put back on their clothes and without a further word turned and left the room, leaving her naked and bent over the desk with semen leaking from her butt. From the expression on her face I could tell that she had become their willing slut, that she loved their domination over her, and that she lived for the humiliation of having her married holes punished by the huge black cocks of these uncaring men. I knew also that she now cared for her husband as little as I cared for mine.

Feeling bad for John, I visited him at the hospital where he worked as a surgeon the next day. I told him that I had seen nothing, and that maybe she was just working too hard these days to be interested in sex. But I took him out to lunch and we had a great time. I was coming to really enjoy my time with John. Christine didn't want him, so what the hell, why shouldn't I take him as mine! I began to bring him home made lunches to his office, and invited him out for lunch more regularly. I started to dress sexier for him each time I came. The hospital workers looked at me funny, but he explained that I was his step-mother. Some step-mother, I am guessing they thought! 

On one visit to his office he seemed quite depressed. On inquiring what the issue was, he said that Christine did not return home until after midnight the day before. Though she claimed to be working late, she stank of booze and sex, and walked by him like there was a cucumber in her ass. On undressing and climbing into bed and quickly falling asleep, John said that he inspected her dress. He said that it was covered in cum stains. Inspecting her sleeping body he said that he found 2 new small tattoos on her. One was on her flesh where her bush would be if she had not shaved it bare. It said "Maurice's," and had a little arrow pointing down. The other tattoo, situated over the crack of her ass, with another arrow pointing down, said "Jamal's." 

John cried in my arms, and I consoled him as best I could. I offered to suck him and fuck him to make him feel better, but he said that they had agreed not to fuck outside their group of friends. I said "Well, screw her, obviously she has found another and you deserve better. You are a wonderful man, and deserve a loving woman." He nodded and said that now no one loved him. Not knowing what came over me I blurted out "John, I love you. I love you and want you. Leave her to her new friends. Take me John, take me as your new lover." Crazy I think I was temporarily, or I just felt so very bad for him. Regardless, he grabbed me, kissed me, and soon had me bent over his desk. After that I visited him daily when I could. We would go out for a nice lunch, return to his office, and then we would fuck like school kids! His dick was small compared to his brother Tom's, though ample enough. But I really enjoyed the affection he offered. Tom was insensitive and just fucked me as a willing cunt with big tits. But John I believe truly adored me, and showed himself as tender and loving. This is what every woman truly wants. He didn't fuck me. He made love to me.

On one visit, after we fucked, John said that he would not be available for a visit next week as he was going to a medical conference in San Diego, and would be meeting up with 5 old friends from his college years. I said that I loved San Diego and that he should bring me along, saying that I was a colleague. After some thought, we agreed that I would accompany him as a medical secretary in training. I said that I would dress sexy and that he could show me off to his friends if he liked, and that I was his fuck toy for the week! He loved the idea and I went home to pack.

In San Diego, I dressed professionally, but super sexy! It was August and hot, so I wore summer dresses that were cut above the knee. My 38 DD breasts were pushed up in a bra that showed ample cleavage under the low cut dress. With high heels that wrapped around my ankles and my hair done in a bun, I looked the part of the office secretary that every employee longs to stick his cock into. Meeting his friends at the hotel, John introduced me as his new intern in training, and each man shook my hand excitedly as their eyes explored the exposed flesh on my chest. I pretended not to notice and laughed and smiled at every comment they made. We all went for dinner, and each of John's five friends were very polite and flaunted over me. I noticed that each bore a wedding ring. It is such as delight as a woman to be the absolute center of attention by a group of married men, prettiest girl in the room and all that, and of course I loved it!

Afterward, as I lay in bed naked with John, quite inebriated and having fucked him silly for the night, he commented causally that I really turned on his friends with my girlish giggling throughout the night, my playing, dancing and bouncing. He said that he enjoyed how I teased them with my jiggling cleavage, placing my calves on their laps, giving them a hug and pressing my boobs against their faces, sitting with my thighs spread just wide enough to show them that my panties were pink. I admitted that being a tease was my way! He explained that while I was visiting the little girls room that they had asked if he had got anywhere with me as his intern. He said that had told them that I had sucked his cock a few times and fucked him once, but gave up once I realized that he could not get me promoted in my career prospects. He told his friends that I was one of those ambitious bitches who gleefully fucked a man who I thought could progress my position in life. He explained that he told each friend that they should pursue convincing me that they had connections and that then I would latch onto their cock like a Hollywood wannabe would be onto a movie producer. I looked at him directly and said "John, you know that now you are one true love. And you want me to let each of your five friends seduce and fuck me?"

To this he responded "Absolutely."

What else could I say. "John, you know I live to fuck a new cock. I do truly love you. Who shall I fuck first?"

After that, everything seemed to zoom by. Each man made every effort to impress me with his importance and connections. Through the day at the conference I dressed sexy but conservative, but in the evenings I dressed no better than a $20 whore. John was delighted with my behavior and each time he fucked me he told me to play the bigger slut. Soon enough an opportunity came for me to offer myself to a friend. Leaving from a bar we needed 2 cabs and so I grabbed onto his friend Stuart's arms and announced that we could travel back together. I cuddled tight in the back seat with Stuart, with my black nylons under my leather skirt that just covered my ass, 5 inch spike heels, and a tiny silk top that didn't quite manage to cover my breasts. With both of us drunk in the back of the cab Stuart placed his hand on my thigh as we laughed and joked, and I offered no resistance at all. Growing bolder he raised his hand until it was deep between my legs. Squeezing my legs tight I told him that he was a very naughty boy and nibbled on his ear. By the time we got back to the hotel I was cradled in his arms and his hands were under my top fondling my breasts.

Being a gentleman, he brought me to my room. I asked him to come in, saying that I was too drunk to undress myself for bed. Entering the room I stood before him and swaying slightly back and forth explained that I liked to sleep in the buff and had on way too much clothing. Offering to help, the thoughtful gentlemen he was, Stuart removed my top, exposing my breasts. Without dwelling further, he then removed my skirt, heels and helped me out of my nylons. Standing now completely nude before him I thanked him for his efforts and asked how I might repay him for his diligence and thoughtfulness. He told me to lay on the bed and all compensation would be forthcoming.

Laying myself stretched out on the bed with my legs slightly spread and my breasts falling to my sides, I watched as Stuart stripped and advanced upon me like dog on a piece of warm meat. Forcing my legs apart he proclaimed that he could grant me great advantage in the workplace, and without further ado, plopped himself down upon me and promptly thrust his adequate penis into my always willing pussy. He pounded away upon me like a puppy playing with a toy, and he seemed all quite excited and satisfied by the experience, though I was only mildly entertained and spend more time focused on the TV than on his ill balanced rhythms. Passing out beside me, I prayed that John's remaining friends would be a better fuck than this lame duck.
