 ***This story is a follow up to Graduation Night, which is found in Exhibition and Voyeurism*** 

Gorge's cock flexed, stretching the thin skin on his shaft and flooding his head to ranges he never experienced before. He was fully naked, stroking his raging hard-on as he sat on a comfortable chair in their bedroom. She was on the bed, sitting back against a pile of pillows as her boyfriend sent waves of pleasure through her by dancing his tongue on her clit. Gorge was enthralled with her sexuality. 

He couldn't believe it when he got Tim's email, inviting him back, just a month after their first meeting. He hadn't had a couple from the swingers site call him back so quickly, and this was by far the best couple he played with. 

He eagerly accepted, thinking back to how seductive Miranda was. It wasn't an overt sensuality, like you'd see in the movies; It was the combination of pure sexual desire and a sincere kind-heartedness combined with her obvious sexiness. Add a touch of innocence to her mix and it's the perfect combination that made her irresistible. She had a way of igniting a fire in a man's mind and pants as they got to know her. 

So here he was again, dick in hand and harder than he had ever been. Her eyes tortured him. Their darkness teased him with a strong sexual glimmer. When she allowed their eyes to meet it jolted his body and made his cock throb. 

Tim's head was buried in her wetness. She was holding onto the back of his head and every few moments she would gaze into George's eyes. Each time she knew she brought him closer. He had saved up his loads for a few days, hoping to give her an amazing show of his masculinity. 

She began to buck against Tim's tongue and was about to cum. After seeing her cum four times the last time he was here, he knew the signs; the high pitched breathing, the look of pure pain mixed with undeniable pleasure, how she straightened her back, they were all there, telling Gorge it was any second. 

He was desperately trying to hold out. He had to look in her eyes. She was in the starting stages of her orgasm. He could barely hold on she looked so beautiful. 

Then it happened. 

Her brown eyes opened and looked into his with fire, as Tim brought her to the moment. The surge of pleasure from the connection forced his cock to pump. He shot ropes of cum straight into the air clear over his head. She focused on his manhood, staring in amazement as his cock continued to pump. Waves of pleasure rolled over her until she couldn't take it anymore. She let out a exasperated, "Oh fuck! Fuck yes, that is so good!" And then her signature, "Ok, ok, ok!!" to tell him she couldn't take anymore.

Tim pulled back and kissed her inner thighs, allowing her time to catch her breath and enjoy the moment. He straightened up to kiss her passionately. He felt a bit awkward, as he knew Gorge blew his load, so he didn't want to turn around. Instead he whispered into her ears, "Was it as good as last time?"

"Better!" She whispered with a giggle. "I wasn't as nervous and was able to enjoy everything!"

"Did you get a good show?" Tim teased.

"An amazing show!" She purred into his ear. "But I think his show was even better!" she giggled before moving in to kiss him passionately.

Tim then heard the bathroom door shut and figured he could relax and think about the next steps. He wanted to accelerate Gorge's involvement and knew Miranda was wondering how he would do it. He had considered it all week, but wanted it to play out perfectly. Then the door reopened.

"Do you mind if I grab another drink?" Gorge asked politely.

"Go ahead!" Tim encouraged. "and while you're at it can you refill Miranda's?"

"Don't you need one?" Miranda asked Tim.

"Mmmmmmmm...I got the drink I want right here!" Tim smiled devilishly as he slowly moved back into Miranda's lap.

Her sensitivity settled after a few light licks of his tongue. Instantly she was back into a blissful state, enjoying Tim's mouth as he explored her most sensitive parts. 

As Tim continued, he heard Gorge enter the room and set a drink down next to them on the night stand. He paused for a moment to thank him and allow Miranda a drink. When he looked over Gorge was in just a t-shirt with his cock sticking straight up, even larger than Tim had remembered from last time. Miranda's eyes lingered on the tool and Tim realized this would be a good time for a lesson.

"Gorge, how would you like to add some sweet nectar to that drink you are enjoying?" 

Gorge picked up on Tim's innuendo immediately, "I would love to!!"

"Well, you have to understand that Miranda likes it a certain way." Tim said as he gave one last powerful kiss to her pussy that forced out a deep moan of pleasure from her. "I hope you don't mind if I give you some instructions?" Tim said with a chuckle.

"Not at all!" Gorge was clearly excited as his cock began straining against itself again.

Tim moved out of the way and allowed Gorge the space to move over.

"Careful, now!" Tim's lesson began. "Come in slow. Move like a tiger in the wild." 

"Oh, god really?" Miranda playfully protested.

"You just lay back and enjoy the fact that you'll soon have two men who know how to please you properly!" Tim scolded.

"Never mind her Gorge, she'll be all yours in a minute. Well, maybe two now that she got sassy!" Tim was enjoying his role as instructor and knew it would only get better.

"Ok Gorge, get yourself comfortable." He resumed. "Don't go in just yet, make her wait a little." 

Miranda let out a sigh, but kept her comments to herself. She felt Gorge's strong arms come under and around her thighs, then his warm hand explored her upper legs. Her body began to tingle and she now longed for Tim to continue his instructions.

"Now breathe her in Gorge." Tim began in a low sexy whisper, "That's it... take in her essence... enjoy it like a fine wine."

Miranda began to squirm. Her arms went over her head. Tim moved around the bed and closer to her head. He used one hand to hold both wrists down over her head on the pile of pillows. Then he leaned in and kissed her passionately. The sensation of Gorge's breath so close to her wetness with Tim's mouth and tongue locked on hers drove her crazy. 

Tim pulled back. "I think she is enjoying this Gorge. Is she wet down there?" 

"She's very wet!" Gorge's voice and breath sent vibrations against Miranda and made her shift closer to his mouth.

"Ah, ah, ahhh," Tim reprimanded. "Don't rush my student kitten, he needs to completely understand each step."

"Mmmmmmm...I'm dying!" Miranda pleaded.

"Gorge, don't pay any attention to the begging, it should only strengthen your will to take your time and enjoy the moment." Tim said as he let go of Miranda's hands. 

He repositioned himself back closer to Gorge. "Go ahead and slowly take her in again." Tim resumed in his whisper. "She should feel you breathing her in, and then the heat of your breath as you breathe out." 

Gorge took in another strong breath, making Miranda squirm again. His nose brushed against her trimmed pubic hair as he took her in. She let out a quiet squeal that told both men they were firmly under her skin. 

Tim's voice lowered even more, just enough for her to hear his words, "Niiiicce! Now kiss her gently, right here and here, she really loves that." 

Miranda felt Tim's warm, dry fingers touch the bones that led to her wetness. His fingers were quickly followed by Gorge's mouth. His tongue glided on her left bone as his mouth slowly encased it. He was giving her a preview of what was to come, just as Tim always did. 

She was loving every moment of the instruction. Tim had brought her to orgasm several times with his hands as he whispered to her how he would teach someone how to please her. The thought always drove her crazy as his voice outlined exactly what was now happening. The reality was so much better. She loved having two men dote over her in such a sexual manner.

"Now some soft kisses on her wetness. Just enough for you to understand her body."

Gorge felt her excitement on his lips and nose as he kissed her. When Tim told him he wanted to play out this fantasy, he was a bit apprehensive about pretending he was just learning how to please a woman, he knew he was good at it on his own! But now he completely understood Tim's reasoning. Miranda was writhing with pleasure and he hadn't even reached her bud yet. He was completely into the game now and was eager to see how quickly she would cum once he was able to fully taste her. 

"Gorge, let your finger swirl in her wetness as you kiss her." Tim continued.

Gorge's middle finger gently pressed into her entrance. Just enough to fully take in her wetness. He softly swirled his finger as he continued roaming her lips. 

Miranda was practically cuming. The entire scene was wonderfully overwhelming for her. Between hearing Tim give such arousing directions as he watched and coached Gorge, and then actually feeling Gorge follow the instructions, it was too much. She knew she'd explode as soon as Gorge made firm contact with her clit. She almost came when his nose lightly brushed against it. 

"How wet is she?" Tim asked in a low rumble.

"She is so fucking wet! I'm dying to taste her!" Gorge answered.

"Are you ready for Gorge to taste you sweetie?" Tim teased.

"Yes!" Miranda pleaded.

"She isn't quite ready Gorge." Tim knew that withholding his instruction would get the response he wanted. The one that would make his dick ache like Gorge's. "Gorge, I would go back to kissing her inner thighs and breathing her in some more till we know she's ready." 

Gorge complied, taking it slowly to exaggerate the situation. Miranda moaned and writhed in a mix of frustration and ecstasy. 

"Please! I'm sorry...please...yes, please!" She begged.

"Oh, I'm sorry kitten, what are you pleasing about?" Tim's cock ached.

"Please! I want Gorge to taste me. I can't take it anymore!" She was desperate at this point. But saying the words made her tingle even more. She loved that Tim knew how to trigger the deepest desires within her.

"Gorge, you have obviously graduated to the next step. I've never seen her this horny!" Tim's words shot through her again. This time in anticipation of the relief she would soon experience.

Gorge swirled his tongue closer, allowing it to trail around her neatly trimmed patch. Then he lowered his face below her clitoris and licked up through her folds. He was slow and deliberate, causing her breath to quicken and soft moans to escape as she enjoyed the slippery movement of his tongue. 

Then he reached it. A wave of pleasure rocked her body. She grabbed his head with her right hand and pulled him into her. He locked onto her and placed firm pressure from his tongue on her clit. Moving it slightly up and down, but not removing his tongue from her most sensitive spot. She writhed in pleasure.

"Wow, Gorge!" Tim commended. "You are an excellent student."

Tim recognized there was no more need for words. He decided there was another way to accelerate her pleasure. He moved from his vantage of watching Gorge's masterful tongue. He quickly removed his clothes for the first time of the evening. His dick was as hard as it had ever been. 

He moved onto the bed, kneeling by Miranda. They had talked about how incredibly exciting it was that he was in her mouth while Gorge fucked her the last time, so he knew he was creating another 'hot' memory. 

Miranda quickly latched onto Tim's cock, sucking him in hard and fast and moaning at the same time. She used her free left hand to hold the base while she continued holding Gorge with the right hand. Gorge looked up to see the action above and increased his speed. All of them recognized how incredibly hot the scene looked. 

Her senses were overwhelmed again and the more she thought about her situation the stronger the feelings were, and the stronger the feelings the more she thought about it. This cycle only needed a short time to bring her pleasure to its height. 

Miranda bucked. 

She released Tim and grabbed onto Gorge with both hands, pulling him in hard. His tongue swirled hard against her clit as she cried out. The flood of pleasure overcame her. The turnaround was quick. She began pushing Gorge away, but he held his mouth firm. 

Another wave of pleasure, another buck.

"Ok, ok, ok!!" She cried as she squirmed backwards and pushed him away. 

This time he relented, laughing as he sat back and stroked her legs. Her hands were over her face as she caught her breath. "Oh my god that was amazing!" She laughed.

"I am so glad you enjoyed it! You taste incredible!" Gorge said, as he crawled up and kissed her passionately. 

A strange mix of arousal and jealousy flooded into Tim's blood as he watched this handsome young man make out with Miranda. The arousal began to win as he saw Gorge's cock inch closer to Miranda's pussy. 

She clasped his face as she pulled back and gave him one last pick on the lips. "Not so fast studly!" She giggled.

Gorge pulled back, kneeling upright in front of her. Displaying his hard rod in all its glory. "I'm sorry!" He said.

"No, don't be! It was amazing and I enjoyed every second of it!" Miranda said sweetly as she picked herself up into a kneeling position as well, her belly inches away from his protruding manhood. "I just need my man in his proper place!" She said with a sly grin.

With that she pulled Tim close and kissed him. She took charge, rearranging the men for her ultimate desire. Tim knew what she wanted as she had him lay against the pillows where she was.

"Mmmmm...feeling dirty, are we?" Tim teased.

"Absolutely!" She said as she kissed him one last time before standing and straddling him. 

This time it was Miranda who took her time. She stood over Tim for a few moments, knowing both men were taking in her gorgeous figure. She was well aware that the pleasure had been all hers and that what they were about to do would only last a little while, but she tingled with anticipation. 

"Gorge, you'll need a condom!" She commanded as she turned around. As Gorge scurried to his pants to retrieve a rubber, Miranda knelt in front of Tim facing Gorge. She took her time, reaching back and playing with Tim's dick for a bit. She wanted Gorge's eyes on her for her next move.

As Gorge started rolling the rubber on he looked up to assess the scene, not quite knowing what she had in mind. She smiled at him as she raised herself up, just a little to place Tim's cock at the entry of her backdoor. She swirled his head on her rim, knowing he had enough pre-cum to get the situation started. Then, she dipped her fingers into her wetness to make Tim's cock nice and slick. She looked up and locked eyes with Gorge asshe lowered herself onto Tim's cock. 

She took it slowly. Knowing that the pain would subside and that the ultimate pleasure was moments away. Once she was on, she rocked back and forth, enjoying the sensation.

Gorge looked on in amazement. He quickly realized what she wanted and although he had never done it, he was certainly up for fulfilling her desire. 

She laid back and brought her legs forward. Once she was comfortable, she began playing with herself, teasing Gorge as he had done to her. She decided to get herself close, thinking the men wouldn't be able to handle themselves for long. 

Once she was buzzing she looked up at Gorge, "Would you like to climb on?"

"Do you want me to climb on?" Gorge decided to mimic Tim's tried and true method for driving her crazy.

"Yes!" She said with a sexy grin.

"Really? It, doesn't really sound like you want me to!" He lowered his voice and allowed his Latin accent to emphasize the sensuality of his game.

"Oh, but I do want it. So badly!" Miranda pleaded. 

"What do you want?" Gorge leaned in with a whisper.

"I want you to fuck me... Please!" She cried.

Tim held onto his load by distracting himself. He wanted her to enjoy the entire experience.

Gorge climbed on and teased her more by kissing her; allowing his cock head to lightly press against her belly as he did. He grunted as he lowered himself to her entrance, knowing full well that Tim was centimeters away. He carefully pushed forward, slowly opening her as his cock slid in. 

Miranda was immediately coming from the entire experience. It wasn't the intense feeling she had of her clit being licked, but it was waves of pleasure constantly lapping at her beach. Her moisture flowed over Gorge's cock as he drove it in as far as he could. As he held it there for a moment, her juices dripped down onto his and Tim's balls. She wished she could see this from a different vantage point, but that thought passed quickly as Gorge started humping her hard.

"Oh fuck...Yes!" She repeated several times as his tool continued to pound in, brushing along her G-spot and filling her completely. 

She was in one long constant orgasm that seemed to get stronger with every stroke. The only way she could keep from screaming was to grab Gorge's face and kiss him hard. As she did she felt Tim's hands firmly on her ass as he held on to keep things secure, as Gorge continued to pound like an animal. His body smacking against hers and driving her up and down both cocks. 

As she reached the height of her orgasm, she squeezed Gorge's face and whimpered as their lips unlocked. Her reaction sent him into overdrive. He pounded for a short while longer, "Fuck, I'm going to cum!" he grunted into her lower lip. 

"Please, cum!" she whispered back. 

Gorge slammed into her one last time, arched his back and groaned, "Fuuuuuuuuckkk!!"

Tim couldn't take it. Having his beautiful girlfriend fucked on top of him by another man and knowing he gave her the most amazing experience sent him over the edge. Miranda felt him pumping his load into her back side and more pleasure shot through her body. 

Gorge collapsed on top of her and the two of them kissed for a moment, while Tim Kissed her shoulders. She pulled away from Gorge and kissed him softly on the lips. "Wow, you are a great student!" She giggled.

"Thanks!" he said, knowing that this was her cue to leave. He remembered hearing them continue as he left the last time and now realized it must be there thing as a couple. He pulled himself off and quietly started to get himself cleaned and dressed. As he picked up his shoes to carry them downstairs, he turned around and saw her laying on top of Tim kissing him and trying to tease his cock back to life with her wetness. They were giggling and whispering too low for him to hear. As he took in the view of her perfect ass, he hoped he would get another email from Tim soon.