 Day 5: Sharing with new friends.


Summary: I run into Kathy, who I met the previous night, in the hotel bar. Kathy proceeds to seduce me under the watchful eye of Al another friend I met the night before.

I had made it back to my room by midnight the previous night, well before Lyndse and Beth made it back from clubbing. I was tired and sore, and felt thankful to finally get a decent night's sleep. In the morning the three of us headed out to the beach and we laid out all day long. We were all kind of burned out, so that evening we decided to just stay at the hotel. They had a bar, but it was nothing like the clubs. We sat in the outdoor lounge sipping margaritas and relaxing. Around 10pm we got kind of bored, and decided to call it a night. On the way back to the room I made one last stop at the bar to get some water.

"Hi, remember me from last night?" a woman with long, curly reddish hair said as I waited by the bar for my bottled water. "My name is Kathy," she continued as she held out her hand.

"We took a shower together," I blurted out as I suddenly remembered who she was. Her soft hand felt nice in mine as we shook hands.

"I thought you wouldn't recognize me with clothes on," she joked.

"I'm Nancy," I said smiling.

"Last night got pretty crazy, didn't it?"

"Yeah, it did," was all I could think of to say.

"Come on," she said. "I'll buy you a drink."

Before I knew it found myself sitting in a round, corner booth in the bar with Kathy. She was older than I, and looked like she was her early thirties. Kathy was very tan, and her skin looked like it had seen a lot of the sun. She had dark red hair with highlights in it. Her light blue eyes stood out against her darkened complexion. She had nicely manicured nails, and a wedding ring on. She sat close to me, and had one arm around my shoulders as we made small talk.

"You want to do it again?" she asked.

"What?" I asked a little slowly.

"What we did last night."

"What part?" I asked. I wasn't sure if she meant being with all the guys or the shower part.

"What part did you like?" she asked.

"I liked all of it," I said trying to be vague. "But..."

"Al!" she suddenly yelled. "Over here."

"How's it going?" Al asked after he walked over to our table.

"Good," Kathy answered. "You remember Nancy from yesterday?"

"How could I forget?" he said. "That was one of the best moments of my life."

"Come sit and have drink with us," she told him.

I finally recognized him. He was the first guy I had been with, the guy who came quickly. He was a college aged guy with short brown hair, kind of cute.

"Nancy and I were just talking about last night," she told him. "In fact we were just talking about which parts were our favorite. Which was yours?' she asked him.

"It was all great," he said turning red. "Except the part...well...you know..."

"When you came so soon?" Kathy said.

"Yeah," he said turning a shade redder. "That part."

"It can happen to anyone," she told him. "It's no big deal. You were just excited."

We made more small talk as we sipped on margaritas. After a while I was beginning to feel the drinks. I had a feeling that Kathy wanted me to feel them the way she kept my glass full. I didn't know quite what was happening, but I was curious, and a little excited.

"So, where are your friends tonight?" Kathy asked Al.

"They went out to the clubs," he answered.

"Why didn't you go?" she asked.

"I wasn't feeling well," he answered.

"You look like you feeling better now," she said to him.

"Yeah I do," he said.

"I say we continue this conversation up in my room," Kathy said. "I can make better drinks than this, and besides, we'll have the place to ourselves."

Kathy had a beautiful two-bedroom suite with a private balcony that overlooked the water. Kathy made us drinks that were considerably stronger than the ones at the bar. I had a comfortable buzz going as we sat out on the balcony. The view was beautiful and night breeze felt wonderful.

"You know Nancy," she said. "I never told you, but I must say that you were my favorite part about last night."

"What was that?" I asked.

"When I was washing you in the shower," she answered. "You remember that Al, right? You were there too."

"Yeah that was nice," he said.

"I especially liked seeing Nancy undressed," she said as she stood up. She grabbed my hand, pulled me up with her, took my drink, and set it on edge of the balcony. "Wouldn't you like to see her undressed Al?

"Yes," he managed to say looking just as surprised as I felt.

Kathy walked behind me as I faced Al. I heard the zipper of my dress come undone as Kathy pulled it down. As she continued the upper part of my dress loosened, and I felt Kathy's warm hands on my arms as she pulled the shoulder straps down over them. I stepped out of my dress and Kathy put it on the chair. I stood there in just a pair of panties, not having worn a bra.

I felt Kathy's warm breath in my ear as she whispered, "You're so lovely."

Then I felt her hands on my hips as she slid my panties down my legs. The sudden feeling of the warm breeze flowing over my bare skin along with the sense of being on display for Kathy and Al was extremely intoxicating. The sudden wetness between my legs was an indication of how aroused I was. 

Between the sensations I was feeling and the knowledge that, in all likelihood, I would soon be having sex with another woman, my head was spinning and I had a hard time functioning. It was all I could do to just stand up.

"Isn't she lovely?" she said to Al.

I looked down on Al and noticed his wide-eyed expression with his mouth agape. Then I suddenly felt tingles spiraling down my spine as Kathy's warm, wet lips kissed the back of my neck while her hands roamed the front of my body. She turned my face towards hers, and I gave in to the sudden urge to kiss her. Kathy's lips felt so soft, so small against mine, not huge and overbearing like a man's can be. I melted into her as one of her hands toyed with my nipples, and the other massaged my back and buttocks.


Al continued to watch us as Kathy quickly lifted up her dress over her head. She hadn't been wearing anything underneath, and stood before me naked. She didn't even have the hint of tan line. She moved toward me, pressing her body against mine and we kissed again.

I felt my hands shaking as I put my arms around her. Her body felt smooth and soft. I concentrated on the feeling of her skin under my touch as my hands moved across her body. I moaned softly when she began to nuzzle my neck. She moved her way down, and I moaned louder when her mouth covered my nipple. My arousal intensified exponentially as she moved from one nipple to the other, licking, kissing, and nibbling.

Then she moved her way down further. I held on to the rail of balcony as she kneeled before me. My breathing became short and heavy while her warm tongue explored the folds of my sex. No one had ever gone down on me before, and I never imagined how good it would feel.

I came, explosively a few minutes later. Her tongue stayed on me just until it became too stimulating. She held me her arms as I recovered.

"Well, take off your clothes," Kathy told Al as she led me inside a few minutes later. She laid me on the bed and said "Watch me."

She motioned Al to lie on the bed next to me. He was a naked and semi erect. I watched as Kathy took him into her mouth. She wrapped her hand around the base of his cock, stroking the bottom part as her mouth took care of the top part.

"You try it now," she said breathing heavily.

I copied Kathy, grabbing the base of his cock with my hand, stroking him as my lips and tongue moved over his sensitive tip. She massaged his balls as I continued. I wondered how she knew that I didn't really know how to give a blowjob.

"Oh God," Al moaned after a couple of minutes. "I'm gonna cum."

"Just concentrate Nancy," Kathy told me. "Relax yourself, and you won't gag."

I felt Al's cock begin to twitch and convulse along with the rest of his body as he moaned louder and louder. The warm liquid then began to spill out. There was a slight burning sensation in my throat as I swallowed his fluid. I sucked him dry. As soon as I pulled off of Al, Kathy kissed me deeply, her tongue digging into my mouth trying to get a taste of Al's cum.

"Learn how to please a woman," Kathy told Al after she broke of our kiss.

I watched Kathy coach Al as he went down on her. I paid attention thinking I might do the same to Kathy as she had done to me. I had never thought about going down on a woman before. I wasn't sure what to think, but I was curious.

Watching Kathy getting such pleasure was a definite turn on. I moved next to her, kissing her on the lips, and then nuzzling her neck as she had done to me.  I took one of her nipples into my mouth, then moved to the other, and then back and forth, kissing, licking, and nibbling. Kathy held me close as she came about ten minutes later.

"You two go ahead if you want," Kathy said after. "I need to rest for a minute."

Soon after I found myself on top of Al. I was moving my moistened sex up against the length of his hard-on when it suddenly made it's way inside me. We both sighed as he slipped all the way in. It was the first time I had done it while I was on top. I liked it, liked the control, and liked how I could move my hips in a way that maximized my pleasure.

I continued moving him in and out of me at a gentle pace. I moaned continually as a bunch of little orgasms tingled through me over and over and over again.

"I'm gonna cum," he whispered after a long while.

"Okay," was all I said.

"You want me to pull out, don't you?"

"I want you inside me as long as possible," I breathed.

I rocked my hips back and forth in exquisite pleasure as his cock moved around inside me. Making good on his promise, I felt him twitch, and he moaned as he pumped his seed deep inside me.

We all fell asleep as I lay between Kathy and Al. A short time later we got up and did it all over again. I was finally able to go down on Kathy. It was interesting, and I enjoyed it. Al had the time of his life as he went from fucking Kathy, then to me, and back and forth. We stayed in bed until late in the afternoon the next day. Unfortunately, Kathy had to fly back home to Boston, and Al had to fly back to Seattle that night.