 My grandfather is an amateur porn star. I have to keep telling myself that because I find is so hard to believe. Even though I've even starred in some of his movies, I still can't believe that my gramps is making a few bucks of his sexual escapades. This is the story of how I found out about all of this. I wish it were as simple as me finding his website, or stumbling upon a clip of one of his vids. Actually, on second though, I'm glad it wasn't that easy, because the way I found out got me some pussy too, and I can't complain about that.

It started as an innocent summer day during my college years. I was going to drive the couple of towns over to visit my grandfather and see if he was up for taking in a minor league baseball game that evening. Around noon, I left my house and fifteen minutes later I was driving down his street. As I neared the house, I noticed that there was a good-looking girl walking up the driveway. I recognized her as the college girl who lived a few houses down from him. We had met many times and I had gone swimming in her pool a couple of times last summer. She had quite a nice body and a cute face. She wasn't quite a hottie, but she got the cock hard, and that's what mattered. Her name was Kylie and she was 5'6", dark hair, about 125lbs, big (but not huge) round ass, nice legs and 36C tits. She looked good in a bathing suit and I must admit that I jerked the cock a few times thinking about what I could do to her. I was curious as to why she would be visiting my grandfather that day, as I didn't know that they really knew each other well besides the occasional dinner the families shared.

Instead of pulling into the driveway, I drove past the house and parked a few houses down. I was close enough to see the action, but far enough away so that no one would notice me. I don't know why I chose to spy on my gramps that day, but it turned out that I'm glad I did. I watched as she went up to the door and was greeted by my grandfather who let her into the house. I sat in the car for a 10-15 minutes and nothing happened. I really wanted to know what was going on inside, but I didn't want to go barging in. I could have just knocked on the door and pretended that I was just stopping by (which were my original intentions anyway), but part of me wanted to see how long Kylie was going to stay at his house. Were they friends? If so, why hadn't gramps talked more about her?

I sat in my car for an hour and a half, pretending to be busy or waiting for someone should anyone walk by. Occasionally, I moved the position of my car as to be not too suspicious. Finally, Kylie emerged from my grandfather's house. I don't know if I was imagining things, but her hair and clothes seemed to be a bit messier than when she went in. That's when the first horrible thought hit me. Was it possible that my gramps was getting some from this girl? My grandmother had died long ago, and I'm sure he needed some fun, but how had he managed to score with this chick? I was very intrigued and decided to swing by the next day to see if it was a daily thing, or if I had just happened to stop by at the right time.

I left my house at the same time the next day and drove over to my gramps. I parked the car down the street again and watch this time as a new girl (red hair, small tits) came to the door and went in. Now I had to find out more. I got out of my car and walked to my grandfather's house, and went into the backyard. Most of the neighbors knew me, so it wouldn't look like it was out of the ordinary that I was there. I pretended to clean up some stuff in the back right, which happened to be right under his bedroom window. Although I wasn't sure, I though I could hear moaning, and I was damn sure I heard one loud female yell of pleasure. I hurried back to my car and waited for the redhead to appear, which she did about 1/2 hour later. Now, I had to know what the hell was going on. Was it possible that my grandfather was actually screwing more than one girl? How did he know so many college girls? I decided that I would have to find a way to snoop on him. On the drive home, I planned to go into his house next week when one of the girls was there. My family had a key to his house, so I could sneak in and do some spying.

As the week went on, I tried to imagine my grandfather's old cock slipping into some girl's pussy and just couldn't do it. You weren't supposed to think about your family members having sex, especially when it's with people 40 years too young for them. The next Tuesday I went over to his house again and parked in my same spot. To my astonishment, a third girl (blonde, huge tits) arrived at his door. After she went in, I went over to the house and let myself in the backdoor as quietly as possible.

Once inside the house, I could definitely hear the sounds of sex. I quietly went upstairs towards his bedroom and the sounds grew louder. By the sound of it, he was nailing this chick for all he was worth. As I rounded the corner towards his room, I noticed the door was half ajar. I slipped into the doorway to the spare bedroom, which gave me a decent look at them. Sure enough, there was my grandfather, naked and slamming this big tittied blonde doggie style. Her tits were whapping around and she was moaning and wailing. My gramps was kneeling behind her, slapping her ass and ramming his formidable cock into her pussy. He must have been pushing at least 8", with gray pubes and some of the biggest balls I've ever seen. From where I was, I couldn't see the girl's face, but by her moans I knew she was enjoying his cock. They were talking dirty to each other between panting and moaning and she seemed to be getting off by calling him gramps. As I watched him keep thrusting his cock into her (by now I was rubbing my own cock through my pants) I noticed that just behind my gramps ass, on a tripod, was a video camera. So not only was he sleeping with every college girl in his town, he was video taping it!

I kept watching as they went on for a few more minutes. Then my grandfather pulled out of her and dumped a pretty big load across her ass. I knew I had to get out of there before I got caught, so I snuck back downstairs, went to my car and sped home. I decided that I wanted to confront my gramps about this (he shouldn't be getting younger and tastier ass than me), but didn't know how. After a few hours of planning, I figured I'd keep sneaking into his house. Maybe if he and his girl were quiet one day, I could "accidentally" walk in on them. For two weeks, I went to his house, sneaking in each time I saw a girl go in. He fucked 6 times in those two weeks and only did the same girl once. I watched and listened as he did them in a variety of positions. Most of the time, they fucked with a porno on in the background too. He even screwed one redhead in the ass. The first day of the third week, I finally got my chance. This time he was back to fucking Kylie, and I snuck into the house as soon as she got there. After they went up stairs, I started making like I was looking for him. I said his name a couple of times downstairs, but not too loud. Once I heard the porno turn on, I went up stairs. As I walked down the hall, I could see into the room. His back was half to me, naked, and in Kylie knelt in front of him, naked, sucking on his cock. The red eye of the movie camera stared at them from the tripod.

"Grandpa?" I said in my best, what-the-fuck-is-going-on voice, once I was halfway down the hall.

Gramps jerked his head towards me and gave me a small smile. He looked as if nothing was wrong at all. Upon hearing and seeing my, Kylie, immediately pulled her mouth off my gramps' cock and tried to cover her body.

"You don't need to do that Kylie, it's just my grandson. I think you know him."

"Gramps, what the fuck is going on here?"

He turned to me fully, his hard cock hanging down between his legs. "Oh, don't look so shocked. I'm just having sex with your friend Kylie here. Just because I'm old, doesn't mean I don't need to shoot my load."

I kept moving forward into the room. I did my best not to stare at Kylie's tits, which she was barely covering, or my gramps' cock, which he wasn't covering at all. I also tried not to notice the porno on in the background, which showed this once girl eating pussy while a guy came on her face and the pussy. "But...she's like 40 years younger than you...and... and...what's the movie camera for?!"

"Hey, we all want young pussy, Steven. And to be honest, this is a little more than just good old sex. You see, I tape myself with younger girls then sell the tapes online for a tidy profit. Sure beats the hell out of social security."

"But...what about our family? What if they find out? You can't be a porn star grandpa!"

"They won't care. All the family will care about is all the money they'll get when I finally kick the bucket while screwing one of these girls. Now, if you'll excuse me I have work to get back to. Either leave or feel free to stay and watch. Heck, you can even join if you want, all the more fun for the camera. Kylie, will you please get back to work. I'm paying you good money you know."

Kylie took a look at me and moved back between my grandpa's legs. I stood there silently, with a raging erection as she lowered her mouth onto his cock and resumed where she had left off. Her hand slipped under his balls and massaged them while she worked his cock with her mouth. He sat there and whispered naughty words of encouragement. In the porn another guy took his place screwing a girl from behind while she licked pussy. A few more minutes went by and I did nothing but watch until my grandpa pulled his cock free from her mouth and squirted all over her face. They shared a laugh at the mess he had made, then she cleaned the cum off his cock and licked her lips, leaving the strings of cum on her face.

"Now Kylie, I believe my grandson looks like he's torn between staying and going. Could you please provide him with some encouragement?"

I said nothing as she crawled over to me on her knees, her face looking up at me with my grandpa's cum plastered on it. I watched as her luscious tits swung under her body and her smooth ass twitched back and forth. Out of the corner of my eye, I watched as my grandpa grabbed the camera and focused it on us. Kylie ended up kneeling in front of me and stared at the bulge in my pants while she reached down and played with her breasts for me. I thought I was going to explode right there, but I didn't move. I was still too much in shock to make any action. When she realized that I wasn't going to pull my cock out and smack her in the face with it, she became more proactive.

She ran her hands up over my crotch and a moan escaped me. She undid the button and zipper of my pants and pulled them and my boxers down in one swoop. I stepped out of my clothes as she took them and threw them across the room. Her hands ran up the back of my legs until she came to my ass. She grabbed both cheeks and pulled herself into my crotch. Her face slipped under my balls and she took them in her mouth, pressing her nose and forehead into my cock. I could feel the cum from my grandpa rubbing on me as she buried her face under my cock. She massaged my ass as she worked my balls, then one hand left my cheek and grabbed my cock, stroking it while she sucked on my nuts. I moaned in joy and my grandfather continued to tape, moving around us for different angles. Kylie eventually tired of my nuts and pulled her face out. I noticed most of the cum was gone from her face and I could feel it on the insides of my legs.

She smiled at me and took the head of my cock into her mouth as she kept stroking. She worked my cock over like a pro, keeping eye contact with me almost the entire time. After what felt like much to short of a time I was ready to cum. She must have sensed it too as she pulled her mouth off and jerked me until I came on her face. My load was just as impressive as my grandfathers and sprayed all over in face. She licked the tip of my cock clean, then dropped it out of he hand and stood up. She walked towards the camera, licking her lips. When she was right in front of the camera, she said "Like grandfather, like grandson...mmmmmm.", then grandpa turned the camera off.

"Very nice Kylie."

"Thank you."

I continued to stand motionless as he handed her a towel and she wiped all the cum off her face. She threw the towel into the laundry and walked by me to the bathroom. I couldn't help but stare as her soft skin flashed by with her perfect tits and trimmed pussy. While she was in the bathroom, gramps walked over to me, still naked with his cock dangling between his legs.

"Quite a girl, isn't she?"

"Uh...yeah."

"That was quite a hot scene. I think you did very well with her. I see you also inherited a set of your grandpa's balls."

I blushed as my eyes dropped to his unit. "Well, they're not quite as big as yours. I've seen you cum a few times now and they must hold gallons."

"A few times?"

Blushing harder I replied, "Uh...yeah...I snuck in a few times to watch. I saw you exploded on the ass of this blonde with big tits. And then you filled the ass of that redhead so much that it dripped out when she stood up."

"Ah yes," he looked deep in happy thoughts. "The blonde is Nikka. She's a decent fuck, but I love her for her tits. Sallie is the redhead. Very fiery, loves it in the ass. The only problem with her is that her ass is too small. I mean it's tight and smooth, but I like the bigger asses like Kylie has...nice and round, fun to smack and hold on too and still tight in the middle."

The thought of screwing Kylie's ass made my cock stir and my grandpa must have noticed it.

"Like that idea do you? Would you be interested in doing her? I'd be happy to let you shoot a solo scene in one of my videos. Heck, I'd be very honored if you wanted to join me in a few of these videos...sort of a family affair thing. I'll pay you have of what I pay the girls since I won't be fucking you."

"How much do you pay them?"

"I pay them a couple hundred per fuck, a hundred per blow and a small percentage of the profits. Naturally, they get more if they are willing to take it in the ass or take part in multiple partner movies. I'll pay you half what they get if you want to put your cock on screen, plus you get the pleasure of fucking these girls."

"Well, I must say I'm shocked gramps, but I can't refuse an offer lie this."

"Good good. That BJ I guess was your first official movie. Stop by every Tuesday starting tomorrow and we'll shoot scenes. You don't have any issues with fucking a girl with your gramps do you?"

"I guess not."

"Good, then we'll start by double teaming Nikka tomorrow. Maybe even do a shower scene. But for now I'm going to give you a signing bonus. I'll leave you with Kylie for a while, no cameras at all, and you can do with her what you wish."

I had forgotten all about Kylie for a moment when I felt her arms around me. Her hands slipped under my cock and I felt her push her warm, smooth breasts into my back. Gramps left the room and I heard the door close behind him. I turned to face Kylie and immediately began to kiss her while my hands made for her breasts. We said nothing to each other as we groped each other and I found myself hard in no time. Passing on all other forms of foreplay, I threw her down on the bed and spread her legs. I drove my cock into her wet pussy. I leaned over her and sucked on her hard nipples and kissed her full, wet lips as I rocked my way back and forth in her. We moaned and groaned as our hips worked together and are bodies became sweaty. The porn on the television was done and the only sound in the room was our bodies smacking together. I kept sucking on her big tits until my balls clenched and I felt a warm stream of cum ejected into her hole. She said nothing as I pulled out of her and continued my forceful playing with her tits. I worked her chest for a long time until I made her bend over in front of me. She spread her ass cheeks and I licked my way over her crotch and asshole. The cum seeping from her pussy mixed nicely with her juices for a wonderful cocktail of flavor. I licked until I was hard again and took her doggie style, understanding what my grandpa said about her having a luscious ass to hold on to during sex. After another load in her pussy, she was ready to go home. I watched as she got dressed and gave me a kiss goodbye. A few minutes after she left the room, my grandfather returned, still stark naked. I was feeling much more comfortable seeing his big cock and balls hanging there.

"Still ready for tomorrow?"

"Yes indeed."

"Wanna watch her first video?"

"Uh, sure."

Gramps went over and popped in a new video. On it was Nikka talking about herself and doing a strip show. The entire video was just her by herself, sort of an audition. About halfway through Gramps started to jerk off and I followed suit. After cumming, I didn't feel at all weird being naked around him or seeing him that way. The next day was great as we went all out on Nikka. Her big tits were even better in my hands than they looked when I had seen them swinging before. We covered her several times over in cum and it was my shot at the big shower scene with her to wash it all off.

After a few weeks, the shooting schedule became routine and I had fucked everyone on his payroll. The ages and sizes of the girls varied, but they all craved cock. I even punctured the anal cherry of two of them. We started putting more of the girls together and we enjoyed some success along with some profits. I even dated Sallie, the redhead, for some time, which means I got to fuck her all the time. After a while I decided to quit the business, but my gramps still let me fuck the new girls when he hired them and have a crack at some pussy if I stopped by the house. It's always good times when your grandfather's a porn star.