 Wow, I couldn't believe it was happening. I couldn't believe Kim had finally agreed to try it, and even put an ad on the web. I couldn't believe we were going to meet her. Hell, I couldn't believe anything at this time. 

Let me step back a second ... after a long time of talking to Kim about a threesome, I had finally managed to convince her to at least meet another woman. I even let her choose who she wanted to meet, so she had put an ad on the web. She didn't let me know if she had any success till a week ago, when she told me she had talked to a woman she liked, and that we would be meeting her in a week.

Well tonight was the night. We walked into Margarita's, a little Mexican restaurant near my house. I had no idea who I was looking for, but we headed to the bar. Kim looked good again tonight, wearing a dressy little skirt with stocking (and I could tell a garter belt on underneath). She had a tight shirt that nicely showed off her boobs. I was dressed almost business like, a nice shirt and slacks. I was definitely nervous, but damn ... we were going to meet someone. We walked up to the bar, and Kim looked around. Obviously, she didn't see who she was looking for so we ordered a drink. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a stunning brunette walking towards us. She was coming up behind Kim, who saw me looking and turned around. The brunette smiled, and I knew it was her! Kim said, "Hi Jeanne, nice to finally meet you." They shook hands, and then Kim turned around and introduced her to me. Jeanne was the same height as Kim, had a nice pair of breasts, and looked good in her tight jeans. I noticed that while I was checking her out, not only was she checking me out, but Kim was checking her out as well.

We went and sat down at a table, and ordered a couple of drinks. After about an hour, I went to the bathroom. Coming back, I was behing Jeanne when I heard her say, "He's even nicer looking than you said he was." Kim was looking right at me, and grinned. I sat down pretending not to have heard anything. The talk was getting rather sexual with the drinks continuing to come, and Kim grabbed my hand and slowly stuck in near her pussy. I could feel the heat just radiating from her. Jeanne got up to go the bathroom next, and Kim just turned and kissed me. Feeling her tongue slipping into my mouth, got me totally hard immediately. We pulled away, and I looked into her eyes, and she nodded. Once again, I couldn't believe it ... she was going to ask her! Wow!

Jeanne came back and surprised both of us immediately. "Look, not to be too straight forward, but I'm having a blast with you too, I can feel the sexual energy eminating from all of us ... would you like to get outta here, and go some place private." Kim and I both smiled and I said, "We were just going to ask you the same thing." We walked out of the bar, and she decided just to hop in my car with us. She was about to sit in the back seat, when I surprised even myself by asking her to sit in the front with Kim. Kim was surprised for a second but then grinned and said "Yeah ... let's go." Being that the front seat is built for just one person, Jeanne had to sit on Kim's lap. I could see Kim holding onto her like a seat belt as I started driving. I got onto Route 3, and looked over and saw Kim looking right into Jeanne's eyes. I continued to drive, but kept looking over constantly, until it finally happened. My girlfriend kissed another woman ... once again, I immediately got hard. I saw Kim slowly stick her tongue out and Jeanne suck it into her mouth. I was watching my girlfriend french kissing another woman. The two women began moving their hands over each other's bodies, and the moaning slowly started to build in the car.

Finally we got home and every one almost ran to the apartment door. We walked in, and I turned to lock the door, and when I turned back around, the two women were at it again. Their kisses were already passionate, and I was getting turned on. I led the two of them into my room, and shut the door. I led them to my bed, and they continued kissing. I was aroused, but I was extremely content just watching them for the time being. I couldn't believe what Kim was doing, it was almost like I had let this sexual need out of the bag for her. She was totally enjoying herself, and I watched as she threw her head back as Jeanne kissed her on the neck. Jeanne removed Kim's shirt, and my babe's proud breasts jutted out, begging to be touched. I hadn't realized that she hadn't worn a bra and I could tell that Jeanne was happy to be able to suck her nipple right into her mouth. Kim moaned as Jeanne ran her tongue from one nipple to another. Kim's hands were playing with Jeanne's breasts through her shirt, so Jeanne quickly stood up and remover her top and her bra. Now there were two sexy women on my bed, both topless. 

All of a sudden, they must have remembered me, as Kim asked me to come over. I happily made my way over, and sat down on the side of the bed, my legs hanging down onto the floor. The two women came and sat down next to me, one on each side. I looked over to Kim, who kissed me passionately. After a couple of seconds, she pulled away, and Jeanne turned my head to face her and I got to kiss her. I felt Kim's hands on my body, and then Jeanne's join hers. I was in heaven, with two gorgeous women with their hands on me. As I was kissing Jeanne, I felt Kim unzipping my slacks. She got on the floor and rapidly pulled them off, leaving me in just my boxers, and my cock was making a tent out of that. I stopped kissing Jeanne to look at Kim, when I was pushed onto the bed. They moved my legs so I was lying down comfortably. My boxers were removed by both of them, each grabbing one side and all of a sudden my cock was out in the open, standing hard and stiff. They both got on either side of me ... Kim putting her hand on my cock, and beginning to stroke it. Jeanne started kissing my belly and I looked down and just saw her head as she kissed my belly button. I laid back and suddenly felt a warm mouth on my cock, and the tightness gave it away as Kim. I looked down again and Jeanne was watching Kim suck my cock, as her head bobbed up and down. Jeanne lifted up one of my legs and stuck her body underneath, letting Kim continue to suck my cock, but allowing herself easy access to my balls. The feeling of Kim's mouth on my cock, licking and sucking and Jeanne's mouth sucking on my balls was intense. They switched places, letting Jeanne taste my cock for the first time, and Kim played with my balls. Kim moved her lips lower, finding my ass hole, and slowly stuck her tongue out and licked me. I jumped and forced my cock even deeper into Jeanne's mouth. I knew I was going to come soon, and warned Jeanne. I was almost disappointed when she pulled me out of her mouth, but was then shocked to see the two women both stick their tongues out waiting for my cum. I couldn't take it anymore and I blew my load. My cum shot out of me and both women battled with their tongues to see who could get more. Finally I couldn't cum anymore and Kim took me into her mouth, not wanting to waste any of the cum that I knew she craved from me. After a couple of seconds, she let me fall out of her mouth and kissed Jeanne. If I hadn't just had an extremely intense orgasm, I might have gotten hard right then and there. 

Watching the two gorgeous women share my cum was an incredible sight. The kisses once again grew passionate, and once again I was forgotten. I moved away to give them their space, and the two quickly moved around into the 69 position. I was thrilled to see my girlfriend licking the pussy of another girl. It was just an amazing thing. Hearing the two women groan repeatedly was turning me on again, as I saw Kim (on top) with her ass sticking out in the air away from me and I saw Kim's tongue licking Jeanne's pussy right in front of me. Kim moved her tongue over Jeanne's clit, continuing to moan herself, telling me she was enjoying Jeanne's attention as well. Kim looked up at me and spread Jeanne's pussy wide open ... and kept looking at me as she lowered her tongue deep into Jeanne's wet pussy. She licked there for a couple of seconds before looking back up at me. I needed to kiss her and taste Jeanne and so I french kissed Kim, tasting Jeanne' juices on Kim's tongue. I moved my tongue to where Kim's had just been, licking up down Jeanne's pussy. I was erect again by now, and looked up at Kim, trying to figure out what to do. Kim, still in the 69 position, opened up Jeanne's pussy again ... and this time I got the hint. I moved up and placed my cock right near Jeanne's wetness. Kim took my cock and quickly sucked it into her mouth, before guiding me into Jeanne's pussy. I heard a deep moan from Jeanne as she felt my big cock enter her, and she must have done something because Kim let out a big moan as well. I started to fuck Jeanne, moving in and out, and her wetness made it easy for me to do so. She was extremely wet, and it actually caused me to fall out. But luckily Kim was hungrily watching my cock go in and out of Jeanne and caught me when I fell out. She lovingly took my cock into her mouth again, staring up into my eyes, as she tasted Jeanne's pussy juice off my cock. She put me back in, and after a couple of minutes, Jeanne lost it ... I felt her pussy tighten and cum all over my cock.

She laid back and Kim quickly moved around and placed her pussy in front of me, inviting me to bury myself deep into her. This was perfect since I wanted to cum inside her anyway. Jeanne moved around and lay down under Kim, sucking on her nipples and giving her kisses across her belly. I pushed my way into the nicest, tightest, wettest pussy I had ever known, and Kim moaned again. My cock was straining from the excitement, and I got one more shock as I felt a tongue lick my cock as I moved out of Kim. I hadn't realized that Jeanne had moved her head to under Kim's pussy, and was alternately licking Kim's clit and also running her tongue across my cock whenever I pulled out. That feeling was incredible and Kim enjoyed it tremendously as well. With my cock stroking deep inside, and Jeanne's tongue playing with Kim's clit, Kim finally yelled, "I'm cumming!" For the second time, I felt a stream of pussy juice hit my cock, as she had her orgasm. I felt the cum all over my cock and some dripping out of Kim's pussy. I knew that Jeanne was lapping it all up and that was the final straw, just knowing that there was a woman licking up the cum of my girlfriend, while my cock was still in her. I came for the second time, spurting my cum deep into Kim. It was another intense orgasm for me, deep into my girlfriends tight pussy. I fell out finally and right into Jeanne's mouth ... who seemed very happy to clean my cock off for me. Her tongue licked all over, hitting all my spots, and not wasting any of my cum or Kim's. 

I couldn't believe I was getting hard again ... and that was just the start of the night...