 This set of stories are meant to be read as chapters in a book. If you haven't read Great Loop 1 & 2, I recommend you do to better understand the characters.

 All characters are fictional. Obviously, many of the place locations are real.

 I woke up to both Julie and Amy playing with my cock. It was early, so I laid back and enjoyed the pleasure they were giving me. While they were sucking on me, I played with their pussies and we all came about the same time.

 Today was another day of going thru locks. It was late afternoon when we cleared lock 12 and learned that the next lock was closed for unexpected maintenance. I found a marina that could dock us for a few days.

 "Amy, Julie, when do you have to be back to school?"

 "Not until Labor Day, but we want to get to Oswego in time for Harbor Fest and the fireworks."

 "When is that?"

 "The last weekend in July, why?"

 "Ok, this may be the longest trip thru the canal in recent history. I'm in no hurry, the next lock is closed for a few days, so we can just sit back and relax and take in the local sites, or you can try to hitch a ride to Syracuse if you want."

 "We're staying with you for the entire trip. You've got a lot of lovin to do and we've a lota time to do it."

 "Gonna try and wear out the old man are ya?"

 We all laughed.

 "What do you want to do today? Whats around here that we can visit or see?"

 Amy, "We're not too far from Cooperstown so we could go to the Baseball Hall of Fame. I enjoyed that a few years ago. There is also the James Fenimore Cooper house. He wrote 'The Last of the Mohicans'. If ya don't want to do that, we can go hiking in the Adirondacks just north of here."

 "Since we're going to be here for several days, why not do both?"

 "Let's not forget fucking!"

 I laughed, "Ok, Julie, we'll be sure to allow time for that as well."

 "First thing we need to do is find a car to rent. Let me do some checking and if I can find something we're good to go."

 I finally found a body shop that would rent me a car for a couple of days and we were off to Cooperstown. The Baseball Hall of Fame was more interesting than I thought it would be and so was James Fenimore Cooper's home. I learned a lot of interesting history of the area while there. On the way back to the boat, we stopped and had a pleasant dinner at a small restaurant. We got a lot of interesting looks all day from people trying to figure out Amy, Julie's and my relationship. The girls picked up on it and began flirting with me in all kinds of outrageous ways to gauge the reactions of others. It was a fun day.

 Back at the boat, we kissed and tumbled into bed. We had to be a little quiet because the boats on both sides of us had young kids on board and I didn't want to get kicked out of the slip we were in.

 The girls pushed me down on the bed and then climbed on me. Amy slid my cock in her pussy and Julie sat on my face and urged me to eat her pussy. I could tell they were kissing and nibbling on each others boobs. I practiced some of the Tantric sex lessons I had learned and delayed my orgasm as I gave both girls their first of the night. They then switched positions and Julie rode my cock as I ate Amy. After coming again, both rolled off me.

 Julie said, "You didn't cum?"

 "No, I was waiting to get you both off several times. You know how slow an old man can be!"

 Both girls attacked me for that comment. Amy climbed back on my cock, "I'm not stopping until you flood my pussy!"

 "Is that a challenge?"

 "Yup."

 She started bouncing on my cock and Julie slid down to where she could play with my balls. This was getting serious, how long could I hold out? I didn't know, but we were going to find out.

 Amy leaned down and started whispering in my ear, "Come on fucker, fill my pussy, empty your balls deep in my pussy, you can do it, shit this feels good. Oh no, I''m gonna cum, shit ahhhhhhhhhhhh. Ok, this is serious, you fucker, you're gonna cum."

 She started bouncing on my cock as hard and fast as she could. She came again, rolled off me and said, "Julie, get this fucker to cum. It's gonna take the two of us."

 Julie crawled up me and slipped my cock in her pussy and started riding me. Amy started whispering in my ear again, "Does't that pussy feel great, nice and wet and warm? You can fill it with your cum. If you do, I'll clean your cock and Julie's pussy. Wouldn't you like to watch as I eat her pussy. You can if you fill it with cum. Cum for us, Jim. Do it, fill her pussy."

 I arched my back, shoved my cock deep into Julie's pussy and blew my balls dry. Julie screamed and came at the same time. Amy attacked my cock and cleaned me up including my balls. She then moved to Julie and the two got into a 69 as they brought each other to another orgasm. My cock hardened again as I watched them eat each others pussy. I had never seen two girls together live. It was very erotic.

 When they were finished, I rolled Amy on her back and shoved my cock deep in her pussy as I pulled her legs up on my shoulders. I gave her two quick orgasms before dumping another load in her. As I pulled out, Julie started cleaning her up as I lay back and watched.

 Morning brought a bright, sunny day. We decided to do some hiking in the Adirondacks. Both girls wore their way too tight shorts and a bikini top. I slipped on a pair of shorts and a tee and we were off. Once on the trail, I found that even though I had been working out, I still couldn't keep up with the girls and they soon put some distance between us. I finally caught up with them as they rested and waited for me.

 "Come on old man. Did we wear ya out last night? Surely you can keep up with a couple of girls!"

 I laughed, "I'm just enjoying the scenery, the trees, the birds and the day."

 "Ya, right. Admit it, you can't keep up. Whadda ya think Julie, should we give him some scenery to help him keep close?"

 With that, she pulled off her top and flashed her tits at me. Julie did the same.

 "Ok, Ok, I admit it. I can't keep up." I laughed and reached for their tits. Both pulled back and said, "When we get to the top."

 We began hiking again. I noticed that they went slower and exaggerated the swing of their asses as they walked.

 Amy looked over her shoulder, smiled, "How's the scenery now?" and laughed.

 "Most enjoyable and enticing." I laughed.

 After a couple of hours of hiking and sweating, we arrived at a lookout that provided a tremendous view of the mountains of the Adirondacks. It was quiet except for the singing of the birds and the wind rustling the trees. While I was taking a few pictures, Julie pulled down my shorts and started sucking on my cock. Amy pulled off her shorts and started playing with herself. I didn't resist and after a few minutes I emptied my balls down Julie's throat. She turned to Amy and they shared my cum before Amy swallowed it. I then proceeded to eat both pussies and give each girl an orgasm.

 We enjoyed laying in the sun for a while. The rock was warm and the sun hot. About 45 minutes later I said something about heading back to the boat. As we were starting to gather our stuff to dress I heard,

 "Oh look, a fucking party. Are we too late, can we join."

 There stood two women, probably in their mid 40's that were in great shape. They weren't even breathing hard from the hike.

 Julie, Amy and I looked at each other, smiled and Amy said, "I think you two are over dressed."

 Both women dropped their packs, and undressed slowly as we watched. My cock started to get hard and both Amy and Julie let their hands roam over their own bodies. Both women, one a red head and the other a brunette stood naked with bare pussies and nice tits. 

 The redhead came over to me and started stroking my cock as the brunette went to Amy and Julie and started fingering their pussies. It wasn't long before all of us were laying on the rock. I was fucking the redhead and the brunette was eating Julie as Amy fingered her pussy. Orgasms began popping off between the three girls and soon the redhead arched her back and screamed as she orgasmed. I was done for a while, but Amy started cleaning the redhead and Julie and the brunette got into a 69. It was all hot to watch and soon I was hard again. This time the brunette climbed on my cock and I fucked her to a couple of orgasms. Again, the four women paired off and started eating pussy. As one came, they all switched to another, then another as if it was all choreographed in advance. When everyone was done, both the redhead and the brunette gave each of us a kiss and said, "You made our day. We come up here to fuck once in awhile, but this is the first time we ran into anyone else. Thank you so much."

With that, they picked up their clothes and headed down the trail. Amy, Julie and I were not far behind them, but we never saw them again.

 Julie said, "Wow, that was exciting. We never learned their names nor did they learn ours. Cool."

 By the time we got back to the boat, it was almost dark and I was exhausted. Julie said, "Hey old man, got anything left in the tank for a couple of hot 22 year old girls?"

 I laughed, shook my head and fell asleep.

 The next morning we slept in. I woke up around ten. It was a dark, dreary day with rain in the forecast. I learned that lock 13 was planning to re-open later in the day. Around noon, we left and headed west towards the lock. With the speed limits on the canal being slow, it was a long slow trip. Each girl took a turn running the boat for a while and I sat back and enjoyed the scenery. I also reflected on all the changes that had occurred in my life during the past year. Maybe this was also a voyage of self discovery for me, but at the moment I was enjoying two sexy 22 year old students teasing me with their asses and boobs.

 I radioed the lock when we were a couple miles away and the lock master said they would be available the next morning for locking thru. Since there were no marinas in the area, I found a small cove and dropped the anchor. We would spend the night on the hook. This would be a first for me as I had always tied up to a dock or a sea wall before.

 The girls stripped, dove in and swam around yelling for me to join them as they frolicked in the water. I slipped out of my shorts and joined them. There was much touching, teasing, rubbing and fun before we climbed back on the boat, dried off and prepared for the evening. The girls didn't bother to dress, but I slipped on a pair of shorts and was promptly chastised, but explained that they would be removed after I finished cooking dinner.

 After dinner, I cleaned up, took off my shorts and poured each of us another glass of wine. We had picked up some NY wines while in Cooperstown and it turned out to be very good wine. I poured a little on each girls boobs and the pairing was quite good as I cleaned them up. They poured some on my cock and licked me clean. We kicked back and started talking. They told me how they had helped boats lock thru twice a year for the past 3 years and the people they had met. I was the first single person that they had helped. They talked about school, career choices, boy friends and their plans for after graduation. I told them more about my business and my plans for The Loop. 

 As we finished the bottle, Amy stood, sat on my lap and started kissing me. Julie came behind me, put her boobs on each side of my neck and started playing with my ears. Two hot, naked and horny girls taking control of your body is a wonderful thing. I decided to relax and enjoy what they were doing. Amy kissed her way down my body and started stroking my cock as she licked and sucked my balls. Julie continued to do what she was doing. I was able to turn my head and lick her nipples a little. Bare skin against bare skin is very erotic for me and I don't think I will ever get enough of it. I was getting bare skin from two sexy girls and was really enjoying it. Amy continued to stroke my cock. Unexpectedly, I felt my balls churning and my cum rising up my cock. Amy must have sensed it because she put my cock against her boobs as I came all over them. With a squeal, Julie came around and started licking Amy clean. With her ass right in front of me, I entered her from behind and got a great moan from her. As I humped against her, I remembered my last time with Holly and when I sensed Julie's orgasm coming, I moistened my finger and slowly pushed it in her ass. She went off like a rocket. I held her tight against me as I continued to hump her until I filled her pussy with my cum.

 "What'd you do to Julie, I've never seen her come that hard or scream like that?"

 "Just as she was starting her orgasm, I put a finger in her ass. She seemed to like it."

 "You did WHAT?"

 "I put my finger in her ass. It's a little trick I learned from a friend."

 "Amy, that was way awesome. No one's ever done that to me, but I never came that hard either. You should try it!"

 "Julie, I thought he had hurt you. You screamed so loud and looked like you were going to pass out. I was going to kick him in the balls and beat him with something."

 "Easy Amy, I'm fine, but thank you for wanting to protect me. Really, you should try it."

 "Not tonight!"

 Some how, the mood of the night was lost and we moved towards bed. I pulled both close to me and said, "I hope both of you know that I would NEVER doing anything to intentionally hurt you."

 "We know, now hold us close and go to sleep. We've got some locks to get thru tomorrow."

 We spent the next two days working our way thru the locks. At 8 knots, it was a slow trip and began to get a little boring. After two more days we arrived at Oneida Lake and was able to kick up the throttles a little and make better time. I had found a full service marina at the outlet of Oneida Lake that could accommodate my boat and I wanted to get there before dark. We finished tying up when a friend of the girls showed up to pick them up. They said they would be back in about an hour with dinner. They were planning to spend the night on the boat with me and tomorrow they would go to their apartment for a few days. I had some things to take care of on the boat that would keep me busy for a day or two.

 They returned with dinner from the Dinosaur BBQ in Syracuse. Pulled pork, baked beans, cole slaw, and cold beer. It was a great dinner. As we ate, I explained that since it was early July, I was planning to go down the Oswego River to Lake Ontario and then go over to Toronto for a week to take in the sights and circumnavigate Lake Ontario. I promised them that I would be back in time for Harbor Fest so they could watch the fireworks from the boat and we could spend the night together. Julie volunteered to help me lock thru to Oswego, as Amy had some other things that needed taking care of. Knowing that Julie would be with me for another day or two, I focused on Amy that night. It started with the kissing, ears and neck. I moved down to her boobs and sucked, pinched, pulled, bite, licked and kissed her wonderful nipples. When I finished with them, my hands moved to her pussy where I sunk two fingers into her and searched out her G-spot while licking and teasing her clit. After a couple of orgasms, I rolled her over and entered her from behind. As she climbed towards a big orgasm, I moistened my finger and stuck it in her ass. She climbed aboard the orgasmic express and went to the stars. When she returned to reality she thru her arms around me and said, "I love you."

 The next day after Julie and Amy left was spent doing maintenance on the boat. The staff at the marina was a big help and I finished up in the early afternoon, so I kicked back, poured a drink and watched the boat traffic on the river. It was a very relaxing afternoon. Julie showed up around 4:00 with dinner from the Dinosaur again. That place was rapidly becoming one of my favorite places to eat. We spent the night together and Julie wanted to try a variety of different positions, so I fucked her missionary, legs over my shoulders, on all fours, on her side with leg in the air, cow girl, reverse cow girl and finished with my cum splattered across her face and tits. She fell asleep with a huge smile on her face.

 The next morning, she took me into Syracuse and gave me a tour of the campus and the football dome. We also went to the Art Museum, wandered around Armory Square, and ate at the Dinosaur BBQ. I was surprised to find it was a biker bar, but there were also a lot of non-bikers eating there as well. We met some interesting people as we waited to get in and I enjoyed myself immensely.

 Back at the boat, we prepared for an early departure, hoping to get to Lake Ontario in one day. I pulled out every trick I could think of and pleasured Julie for the next 3 hours using everything I had learned from Holly. She was exhausted and madly in love with me as we drifted off to sleep.

 The next day, we locked thru to Lake Ontario at Oswego, NY. Amy arrived to pick up Julie. After many hugs and kisses and a promise to call them when I got back to Oswego, they left. I had three weeks to do the circumnavigation of the lake and was confident that if I didn't stay any one place too long that it would be no trouble.