 This set of stories are meant to be read as chapters in a book. If you haven't read the previous chapters of the Great Loop, I recommend you do to better understand the characters. 

All characters are fictional. Obviously, many of the place locations are real. 

***** 

It was early dawn when I woke and had to pee. Extricating myself from between Helen and Lori without waking them took a few minutes but I made it to the bathroom and relieved myself. Looking in the mirror I was a mess. I simply walked back to bed. Helen and Lori were now spooning, so I crawled in behind Lori and spooned with her before drifting off to sleep again. About an hour later, I slowly drifted awake to find both Helen and Lori kissing me and stroking my cock. As my eyes fluttered open, I was greeted with sparkling eyes and big smiles. 

"Mornin stud. Are you rested and ready to go again?" 

"Helen, give him a minute or two to wake up. I'm sure he'll fuck ya again once he's awake." 

"Mornin, I could really use some juice before we do anything." 

"What kinda juice, orange or pussy?" 

"Helen, just get the poor man a glass of orange juice. He's going to need some more energy if he's going to stay up for us this morning." 

"I was just hoping that he would eat my pussy for a few minutes this morning. Ok, I'll get him some orange juice." 

As Helen left to get me some orange juice, Lori went to the bathroom and I snuggled back down into the blankets and dosed off again. Last night had really worn me out. 

When Helen returned with a large glass of juice, they woke me up again. We sat against the headboard and I slowly drank the juice as they tried to get my cock up again. Slowly it began to harden. I was surprised but pleased. Helen said, " I want you to eat my pussy and then fuck me. When we're done, I have to go organize breakfast. You can do Lori while I'm fixing breakfast. We're down to eight people this morning." 

With that she started sucking my cock and mouthing my balls. She turned so her pussy was available to me. Lori sat back to watch and play with herself. 

As Helen slowly sucked my cock, my brain finally became engaged and I started practicing my Tantric sex skills. As I fingered Helen's pussy and rubbed her clit she started with the mini-orgasms. As I said before, she is the most orgasmic woman I know. She sucked harder the more mini-orgasms she had and her movements became more energetic. I moved my fingers to her G-spot and she had a larger orgasm. As I got closer, I lifted her off me, so that she could ride me cowgirl style. As she bottomed out, our eyes locked and she started bouncing on my cock. It was a test of wills to see who would be the last to cum. She was bouncing hard and fast, I was playing with her tits and Lori was moaning as she fucked herself with the glass dildo. Helen yelled, "FUCK, HERE I CUM." and flooded my cock and balls with her juice. That set off Lori who just moaned as she came. As Helen lifted off me, I sprayed her ass with my juice. All of us were sweating and breathing hard. 

"Ok, I'm going to take a quick shower and then organize breakfast. You two have about 45 minutes before breakfast will be ready. Enjoy yourselves." 

Lori and I laid together kissing and cooling off. After Helen left to start breakfast, Lori offered, "I'm in desperate need of a shower. Why don't we shower before going to breakfast?" 

"Great idea!" 

Like everything else in the condo, the shower was huge, easily big enough for six people in addition to a huge Jacuzzi that would sit 6-8 people. Guess it could've been a spa. 

Lori and I got into the shower, adjusted the water temperature and began to soap each other up. I played particular attention to her tits and she focused on my cock and balls. When we were thoroughly soaped, she turned me around and washed my back by rubbing her soapy tits all over my back. She also reached between my legs to massage my balls, stroke my cock, and wash around my rosebud. Then she scratched my back. That felt wonderful. It made my back tingle. After a minute or so of that, I turned her around rinsed off her tits leaned her over the bench and entered her from behind. As I stroked her, I teased her rosebud. Lori was wiggling her ass against me as she rubbed her own clit. I could feel her pussy start to tighten and my balls started churning. She came hard and I filled her pussy with my cum. 

The water cascading over us brought us off our high. We finished by washing each others hair before drying each other off. 

I followed her down the hall toward the living room and kitchen and admired her beautiful ass the whole way. She must have sensed my watching as she put an awful lot of wiggle into her walk. I was half hard again. 

In the kitchen, the big tit woman was at the stove cooking pancakes, the other woman that I hadn't met was helping. Helen was bent over a stool from the island sucking a guys cock while Peter fucked her ass. She seemed insatiable. Lori just laughed, "That's our Helen." 

Breakfast was different. We all sat around the table naked, eating and talking about just about anything other than sex. There was much laughing and joking. It was a great time. I sat back and watched the dynamics of all the people and almost dozed off. When we were finished, everyone pitched in to clear the table, load the dishwasher and put food away. As we finished, the big tits woman said, "I have a favor to ask of all the men before I leave." 

Lori whispered, "Here we go!" 

"I want to jack all of you off and have you cum on my face and tits. I just love all that cum on me." 

With that, she turned to one of the guys I hadn't met and started sucking and jacking him off. Peter stepped forward and she was stroking him and alternating sucking him with the other guy. The guy came first and sprayed her tits and face with a surprising amount of cum. The other guy I hadn't met, turned out to be big tits husband, stepped forward and she worked him and Peter together. Peter was the next to cum and added his spunk to her face and tits. She licked her lips as I stepped forward and she attacked me. As she was stroking my cock, Lori stepped forward, reached between my legs and started massaging my balls. The other woman did the same thing to big tits husband. We both exploded and painted both her face and tits. She started scooping up cum with her fingers and licking them clean. Her husband started licking the cum off her tits. I was totally surprised. Lori whispered in my ear that he was bisexual and the two of them belonged to another group where everyone had to be bisexual to belong. The more he licked, the bigger her smile got. When he finished, she rubbed any left over cum into her tits and face, stood up, gave Helen and Peter a kiss before putting on their clothes and leaving with the other couple. 

Now it was just Helen, Peter, Lori and I. Since both Peter and I were in recovery mode we sat around and talked. We revisited how we met in the fog on Lake Ontario and the time we had with the three from Watertown. Lori and Helen explained how they had met in college, continued with their wild sex life after both had married and how this group had formed. Over all the group contained about 30 people, but they had only ever had one party where everyone attended. We also talked about my trip and the Great Loop as well as Debbie, Julie and Amy. All this talking had started to raise both Peter and I. 

As if on cue, Helen came over and sat in my lap as Lori went and sat in Peter's lap. As Helen sat on my lap, she reached between us and aimed my cock at her pussy and I slid in. She started squeezing my cock with her pussy without bouncing on me. It felt good. I reached forward and took a nipple into my mouth and flicked my tongue over it. Her head tilted back and a sigh came from her mouth. We continued this way for several minutes with me alternating between nipples. I glanced over at Lori and Peter and she was bouncing on his cock. Helen started with her mini-orgasms and as they grew towards a continuous one, she reached down and played with her clit as she started bouncing on my cock. When she came, she did so quietly for a change with just a whoosh of air escaping her mouth. I came a few seconds later, but it wasn't enough to fully paint the insides of her pussy. 

After separating, Lori rose, and said, "I think its time for James and I to get going. Thank you for a wonderful time, see ya soon. I'll give you a call when my husband gets home." 

She gave both Peter and Helen a kiss and went to find her dress. Peter came over, shock my hand, "Hope you had a good time, Mate. Any time you're in Toronto give us a call." 

Helen came up to me, placed her arms around my neck, pressed her body against mine, gave me a toe curling kiss that started getting me hard and said, "I'll NEVER forget last nights shagging. Without doubt, you're the best man either Lori or I have ever had. Please stay in touch. I'll be following you on your blog." 

"I've had a great time. Thank you for everything. I certainly hope I'll see you again. I'd like the opportunity to repeat this weekend." 

I joined Lori and we left for the boat. 

At the boat, Lori pulled off her dress, put her arms around my neck and in the sexiest voice I've ever heard, said, "Do you mind if I spend tonight with you?" 

I broke into a huge smile and shook my head no! 

She wiggled her body against me, but I said, "It's going to be a long while before I'm ready to go again. I'm dry and limp and don't expect that to change for a while. Let's find a park, walk around and get a little different type of exercise, go to dinner and then come back to the boat. I should be good by then." 

"I know just the place. It is my favorite park in the city." 

She pulled on a sexy thong, pair of tight jeans, thru on a top, found some sneakers in her bag and was ready to go. I changed into a pair of my new jeans, put on a tee, slipped on some sneakers and I, too, was ready to go. We walked up the dock together and drove off to High Park. We spent the afternoon enjoying all the gardens and a hiking path. The gardens were stunning and we stayed until early evening admiring all the plantings. When we got back to the car, Lori suggested a little Italian Restaurant for dinner. The food was outstanding and we enjoyed a nice bottle of red wine before going back to the boat. 

At the boat, we melted into each others arms and kissed. She pulled my shirt off me and I pulled her top off her. We kissed again with her pressing her breast hard against me. I don't think I'll ever grow tired of bare breast pressed against my bare chest. We parted and she started to peel her jeans off. They were so tight that she had to lay down on the bed and I had to peel them down her legs. I didn't mind at all. I pulled my jeans off and crawled next to Lori. She raised her legs and took off her thong and rolled on top of me. My cock was stone hard, she raised herself up and dropped down until she bottomed out. She simply sat there staring into my eyes and slowly a smile lite up her face. The most beautiful smile I had ever seen. Her eyes were sparkling like diamonds. She leaned down and we kissed, sharing our tongues. I wrapped my arms around her and held her hard against me until our kiss finished. She started moving back and forth on my cock so that it was rubbing her G-spot. A low moan escaped her lips as she slowly continued to rock. She sat up straight and started to rub her clit as she bounced on my cock. I started kneading her breast. It wasn't long before we both erupted in orgasm. She flooded my cock and balls and I painted her pussy walls. She fell to my chest and we both drifted off to sleep. 

Sunday morning, the sun was well up when we started to stir. The sky was blue, the sun bright, church bells rang in the distance. I could feel people running on the dock as they came to their boats to enjoy a day on the water. My arm was around Lori's shoulder, her head on my shoulder, her breast pressed against my side and her thigh resting on my cock. She raised her head, smiled and then bolted for the head. "Sorry, gotta pee and morning breath." 

When she returned, I was sitting on the edge of the bed and reached for her. She kissed the top of my head saying, "James, I really would like to stay longer, but it's 11:00 and I really need to get going. I have a ton of work to do before going in to work tomorrow. You have been a joy this weekend. I am SO glad the Helen introduced us. I hope we get together again sometime." With that, she started dressing. I reached for her thong and she said, "Would you like to keep it as a souvenir?" I lifted them to my nose and said, "I'd love to." She laughed. 

I walked her to the car, put her bag in the back seat, we kissed and then she was away. I stood there and watched her go. 

Back at the boat, I looked at all the pictures and selfies that we had taken together. She would always be a special memory for me. If she weren't married, I'd have given up my trip to stay with her. 

I began to organize the boat so that I would be ready to leave in the morning. I put clothes away, did some laundry at the marina's laundry. A few people stopped and talked while I was working and were just being friendly. When I finished, I grabbed a book, sat on the deck with a drink and dozed off. It wasn't long before an insistent buzzing woke me. It was a text from Helen, "Lori really enjoyed her weekend with you. Hope you can stay a few days longer, you're getting another visitor in about an hour. Have fun. Helen." 

I didn't know what to think. Who the hell was coming to the boat. If it were Lori, she would have texted me herself or just shown up. Guess I'll find out soon enough. 

About an hour later, a shadow crossed my book and I looked up. "Susan! How are you? Please come aboard. Let me help you." I stood and gave Susan a hand stepping on the boat. 

She gave me a kiss and said, "Hope you don't mind my inviting myself down here. I called Helen to see if she knew where your boat was and then she gave me directions. I understand you are planning to leave in the morning. I was wondering if I could talk you into staying thru Tuesday night?" 

"Ah, sure. I can stay a few days longer." 

"Great, let me go get my bag and I'll be right back." 

With that she ran up the dock and was back a few minutes later with an over night bag. 

"You have a beautiful boat. Perhaps you can take me out tomorrow. There is a cove a couple hours down the coast that is very busy on weekends, but is usually empty the rest of the week. Perhaps we could go there and anchor over night and have a nice quiet time together?" 

As she said that, she made sure that her breast were pressed hard against my arm. 

"Sounds good to me. Give me a few minutes to notify customs that I'll be staying until Wednesday morning and then I'll give you a tour." 

A half hour later we completed the tour and sat down to share a bottle of wine. 

As we were talking, Susan said, "There's a Chinese Restaurant a couple of blocks away that delivers if you want some dinner?" 

"Of course, give them a call." 

While we were waiting for dinner to arrive, Susan went in to change. When she came out, she was wearing a very short and revealing sundress. As she sat down, she made sure to show me she wasn't wearing any panties. It was also evident that she wasn't wearing a bra. 

"I like your dress and what's under it." 

"Oh, you naughty boy." She had a great laugh. Dinner arrived and we enjoyed watching the sun set as we finished eating. Grabbing my hand she said, "I think it's time for desert, don't you?" 

By the time we got to the bedroom, her dress was off. She stood in front of me and asked, "Would you like another view like you had Friday night? Here let me turn around for you." She did a slow turn. She had a great ass, narrow waist, awesome legs, a bare pussy, and her tits didn't sag very much. 

"How do you stay in such great shape?" 

"I use to dance professionally. Now I give lessons a couple days a week. Now, no more questions, I want to see that beautiful dick of yours and find out how naughty we can be." 

With that, she helped me out of my pants, slid to her knees and engulfed me. Her mouth was like velvet, but what really damn near caused me to blow my load was how she used her tongue, teeth and finger nails on my cock. As she took my cock into her mouth, her tongue slid down the underside of my cock. As she pulled off my cock, her teeth, followed by a finger nail rode up the underside of my cock. Sometimes she would pull fully off and just stroke the underside of my cock with a finger nail or two. The sensations were exquisite. When she did this, my cock would jump and she would laugh before sucking it back in. I was having to fight cumming. She pulled off saying, "James, you have a beautiful cock and I want to taste your cum, so please cum in my mouth, then we can play some more games that we'll both enjoy." With that she returned to sucking me, stroking me and teasing me. She must have sensed that I was close because she started kneading my balls with one hand and teasing my ass with the other hand. It was mind blowing. My brains shot out the end of my dick as my cum poured down her throat. I must have shot 5 or 6 times before she sucked me totally dry and I fell back on the bed. 

She lay down on the bed next to me, patted my cock and whispered, "You take a few minutes to recover and then I have some things I want you to do for me. I'm sure you'll enjoy it as much as I will." She smiled in anticipation. She continued to pat my cock. After about 15 minutes my cock was fully recovered, but I doubted my balls and brains were. 

"Oh good, you are nearly recovered. Now we can get started on me." Out of her bag she pulled a strange looking vibrator. 

"Now, this is an anal vibrator, I want you to put it in my ass and turn it on. First you'll have to put this lube on it and remove my plug" 

She rolled over and there was a butt plug in her ass. I had never seen one before so was uncertain how to pull it, so went about it slowly so as not to hurt her. Next I lubed the vibrator and slowly inserted it as far as it would go. She turned to me saying, "I gave myself an enema before coming down here, so I am very clean inside. Now turn it on to a medium setting. AAAAHHHHH!" 

"Now, stick a finger in my pussy, play with my G-spot and spank my ass as hard as you did Friday night." 

Smack 

"Again" 

Smack 

"Again!" 

Smack, smack 

"Yes! Again and again." 

Smack, smack, smack 

"Now, pinch and pull on my nipples. Hard" 

"Yes, so good, don't stop. FFFUUUCCCKKKK. Cuming, gonna cum hard, here it comes now." 

Her whole body was shaking and vibrating. Her ass was bright red, so was my one hand. I reached for the dildo and I started to turn it down, "NNNOOOO!" 

I left it alone, then turned it up a little. I reached between her legs and started pinching and rubbing her clit and she really started vibrating. 

"OH FUCK, so good, so good, yes, yes, YES!" Then passed out. 

I held her as I turned off the vibrator and extracted it. She slowly returned to normal, looked at my very hard cock and said, "Now, fuck my ass as hard and fast as you can. Don't stop till you empty your balls as deep in my ass as you can." 

She got up on all fours and guided my cock to her ass. It slid in with surprising ease, but considering her ass was lubed and stretched already I wasn't too surprised. This was the first ass that my cock had ever been in. I started out slowly, but Susan made it clear she wanted it hard and fast. Her hand was furiously rubbing her clit as I started giving her everything I had. She came as hard as she had just a few minutes ago and I drained my balls as deep in her as I could. We both collapsed to the bed with my cock in her ass but softening rapidly. 
