 This set of stories are meant to be read as chapters in a book. If you haven't read the previous chapters of the Great Loop, I recommend you do to better understand the characters. 

All characters are fictional. Obviously, many of the place locations are real. 

***** 

Finding docking or a mooring at Niagara Falls proved to be more difficult than I thought. It was the height of the tourist season and a lot of people come to see the falls by boat so all the good spaces were occupied. Finally, I found a marina that could fit me in, but it took a lot of maneuvering with the bow thrusters and throttle to get me safely tied up to the dock. Since it was mid-day, I decided to go see the falls. I was still in Canada, so thought that I would visit a casino for the evening since I had never been in one. 

The falls were as advertised. A lot of water pouring over a cliff. There were thousands of people there, Japanese, Europeans, and a host of other nationalities, as well as both American and Canadian tourists, kids running amok, noise, and everyone trying to take pictures of the falls, or themselves at the falls. It was almost overwhelming to the senses, especially for a guy that had spent the good part of a couple of months on a boat mostly alone. After being jostled around by tourist, kids, etc., I left to find a casino and hopefully a little less noise. 

The casino wasn't hard to find, but it was crowded. The slot room was full of people playing the slots, mechanically putting coins in the slot and pushing the button. I decided to get some cash from the ATM and play some games. With $500 in casino money, I sat down at a roulette table and quickly lost $200. I moved on to play Black Jack and see if I could improve my luck. Just as I sat down, a siren went off indicating someone had won $5000 in the slots room. I smiled at the lady next to me and said, "Someone just got a nice pay out." Her response was, "She probably spent that much to win!" 

For the next 4 hours, I watched my fortunes go up and down. A waitress came and took my drink order, the dealers changed as the shift for one finished and started for the next. My drink arrived and I continued to play. Men and women would join us at the table and leave after a while. The lady I had sat next to moved on to another game. I looked around the room and was interested to see the number of security cameras and obvious security personnel. There was probably a similar number of not so obvious security personnel. At the end of the 4 hours, I picked up my chips and cashed them in. I had $100 left of my original $500. I concluded I was not a very good gambler. 

The boat was quieter, but the noise from the nearby highway was unrelenting. Sirens, trucks, and speeding cars. I couldn't wait to get back out on the water. I had planned to stay another day, but decided that I would move on in the morning and head for Rochester, NY. 

Early the next morning, I carefully maneuvered out of the marina and set a course for Rochester. I had to clear customs when entering US waters, so I radioed, and customs told me where to meet them. It took a little longer than expected because they went thru the boat pretty thoroughly. Finally able to leave I headed east. Two days later, I was tying up to a dock in a marina near Rochester. The water front was well developed with shops, boutiques, and small restaurants. The marina provided a pump out, fuel, showers, laundry and WiFi. I had my holding tanks pumped, topped off the fuel tanks, cleaned up the boat and inquired about a cab or public transportation to the Eastman Museum. 

Rochester is home to several large corporations, including Kodak and Xerox. In addition, there is the University of Rochester, Rochester Institute of Technology and other schools. 

The Eastman Museum is in the mansion of George Eastman and houses a huge collection of photographs, moving films, cameras, etc. They also do conservation of rare photos and other filmography. The house is also known for its gardens which are carefully cared for to show the gardens as they existed when the home was occupied by the Eastman family. 

I arrived at the museum the next morning, paid my fee and joined a tour. I learned that there are over 400,000 photographs in the museums collections, plus thousands of other artifacts associated with photography. The tour was interesting, but they moved you along faster than I wanted to go, so after the tour, I wandered back to the areas that interested me most. I studied photographs, both black and white as well as color. I was also fascinated with the progression of technology of the camera and film making. I totally lost track of time. As I was looking at an old wooden camera similar to what Ansel Adams would have used, my thoughts were interrupted by a lady saying, "Excuse me Sir, it's time for us to close and lock up and I'm afraid I have to ask you to leave." 

I quickly looked at my phone and realized I had been here for almost 6 hours. Accompanying her to the door, she let me out and said, "Where's your car?" 

"I live on a boat and am staying at the marina on the north side of town. I came by cab, so I'll call one to take me back. Thank you for a wonderful time today. You have a fascinating museum. I may have to come back tomorrow and spend more time here." 

"Oh, I live out that way, if you wait for a few minutes, I'd be happy to drive you out there. No sense trying to get a cab during rush hour around here. You'd wait an hour or more to be picked up." 

"All right, thank you." 

About 15 minutes later, she walked out and we got into an older Honda. She introduced herself as Amber and I introduced myself. As we drove and sat in traffic, she was full of questions about living on a boat. When I explained why and what I was doing, she had another bunch of questions. I was hardly able to ask any questions about her. In addition to working at the museum, she was also a photographer and had a small studio where she did animal and child portraits. She also liked to do nature photography. 

As we arrived at the marina, I asked, "Would you like to join me for dinner. It's the least I can do for the ride." 

"I would like that, I haven't been out to dinner for months, so yes. Do you have a place in mind, or can I suggest a place right here on the water front?" 

"You know better than I do." 

"Good, I'll leave the car here and we can walk. It's a beautiful night. We're supposed to have a full moon." 

We walked a few blocks to a small restaurant. She must go there often as everyone seemed to know her and she them. We were shown to our table and after ordering a bottle of wine, I asked questions about her. She had a Fine Arts degree in photography, was in her mid thirties, never married, dated occasionally, but spent most of her time improving her photography skills. She was in the process of self publishing a coffee table book of her work and hoping it would sell a few hundred copies. Some of her photos had been published in various photography magazines and on line. 

As we ate dinner, I looked closer at Amber. She wore a nice conservative dress that came just below her knees, had shoulder length light brown hair, wore glasses, had a nice smile, and her brown eyes had an unusual sparkle to them as though she knew something that you didn't and she wasn't going to tell you. They were fascinating. Every time she caught me staring at her eyes, she would simply smile and I would smile back. 

After dinner, we walked back to the marina talking about photography. She wanted to know why I didn't have a camera to document my travels. She said I needed a better camera than my phone. I said I would have to think about it. 

At the marina, I asked, "Would you like to see my boat?" 

"Jim, are trying to seduce me?" 

"Only if you want to be." 

"I'll have to think about it, but yes, I'd like to see your boat." 

I gave her a tour of the boat and offered her a glass of wine. She declined and said, "I've seen your boat, would you like to see my studio?" 

"Amber, are you trying to seduce me?" I said with a smile. 

"Only if you want to be." She smiled 

"I'll have to think about it, but yes, I'd like to see your studio." I smiled. 

Her studio was only a few blocks away. The sign on the door said, "Photos by appointment only" and gave a phone number. We went inside and it turned out to be a very nice studio. It seemed to have the latest in technology, back drops, lighting, props, etc for photographing animals and children. 

She proudly showed me some of her work and to my less than expert eye, it was outstanding. "I have more stuff upstairs in my apartment, if you're interested in seeing it?" 

"I'd love to." 

I followed her upstairs. She had a nice little ass on her that wiggled pleasantly as we climbed the stairs. 

Inside, I was totally shocked. The walls were covered mostly with black and white photos of people in various stages of orgasms, lingerie, nudity, erotica, enlarged cocks, pussies, boobs, and fucking. She turned to me with a giggle and said, "this is my dark side. I love photographing people having sex and all the elements that sex brings to a photograph. It's my latest project, but I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it." 

"Wow, I don't know what to say. The pictures are beautiful. How did you get started with this?" 

"It started with doing lingerie shoots. A couple of girls came to me and asked me to take some sexy pictures of them to send to their husbands and boy friends in the service. I hired an assistant to do makeup, got some wine, rented a hotel room and we had a ladies only day. It went far better than I thought and now it is a good part of my business. Then some of the ladies wanted nude photos, then boobs, and pussies and one thing led to another and soon I was photographing couples fucking. Some have asked me to do videos, but I don't have the equipment and I feel that would start to verge on porn. I'm not interested in porn, but the art of the human body is fascinating to me." 

"Interesting, do you ever join in to make a threesome?" 

"No, never. I won't do that. I don't much enjoy the act of sex for some reason, but I do enjoy sucking a man's cock and the taste of his cum as well as its texture. Sometimes I like to be sprayed on the face and on my boobs, but I haven't fucked in several years now. Would you like to be photographed coming?" 

That caught me a little off guard. I must have had a deer in the headlights look. She laughed. 

"I have some new equipment that I want to try out. If you're willing, I'll suck you off and you can cum on my face. Several cameras will capture your face as you cum, and I want to try and catch the moment your cum leaves your dick and is in mid-air before it lands on my face and then as it lands on my face. Do you think you could do that?" 

She started rubbing my cock through my pants and her tits on my chest. 

"Sure, I guess we can give it a try. Hope I don't get camera shy." I gave a nervous laugh. 

"OK, let me change a second and then we'll go down to the studio." 

A few minutes later, she reappeared wearing a pair of yoga pants and a loose fitting top that displayed her braless boobs. 

Back in the studio, we went into a room in the back that had more lights, cameras and other equipment. She started arranging lights, cameras, etc. and told me to get undressed. After undressing, I was hard as a wet noodle. She looked at me and said, "Oh, you have a beautiful cock. I'm going to enjoy this! Now, come here and stand right here. I'll be on my knees in front of you and we'll need to stay close to these positions for the cameras." 

She whipped off her top revealing a very nice set of boobs. "You can play with them if it will help you get hard." 

I fondled her boobs and nipples and her nipples started growing. My cock was being stroked by Amber and started to get hard. She dropped to her knees and sucked me in. I took a second to glance around. Cameras were aimed, lighting was subdued and music was playing in the background. I started to soften, but she played with my balls and sucked and stroked me harder. My stiffness returned. She definitely knew how to give head. As I got closer, I felt her hand on my ass pulling me deeper into her mouth. As my balls started churning, she pulled off my cock, cameras started flashing, she shoved a finger up my ass to my prostate and I exploded. Cameras were flashing non-stop. My head was thrown back as a huge groan escaped my throat and mouth. My legs were shaking and I couldn't stop cumming. Six, seven, eight shots of cum landed on Amber's face and tits. Sweat was pouring off me and dripping every where. 

"MMMM, great. Your cum tastes wonderful and so much. We should have some great shots. Let me get you a glass of water." 

She returned with a glass of water and a towel. Her face and tits were covered in cum. She wiped some with a finger and put it in her mouth then started to rub the cum into her face and tits. I chugged the glass of water. 

"Ok, get dressed if you want. I'll finish cleaning up and then I'll take you back to your boat. When I return, I'll download the photos to my computer and see what we have. I'll probably have to Photoshop them, but my guess is I got the photos I was hoping for. If you give me your email address, I'll send you a file of photos when I get them finished." 

"Huh, oh, Ok. Say, I'm coming back this way on the Erie Canal next week. Perhaps we can meet in Pittsford and you can bring the file on a thumb drive. That would keep them off the internet." 

"Sounds good to me. Hey, just an idea, if you want. I could meet you in Pittsford and travel to Buffalo with you. I would absolutely love to photograph the canal from a boat and I have a couple of friends in Buffalo that could bring me home." 

"Sure, I'd enjoy the company and the help in the locks. I'll send you a text when I know I'll be in Pittsford. I'm guessing, it's two or two and a half days from Pittsford to Buffalo, so plan accordingly." 

"Great, lets get you back to the boat so I can begin working on the photos." 

We exchanged phone numbers and then she took me back to the boat. 

As I sat on the boat enjoying the moon rise and the stars I thought that was the strangest experience I had ever had. 

The next day I returned to the museum. Amber wasn't working, but I enjoyed exploring the various exhibits and the gardens. At the end of the day, I ate dinner at the same restaurant as the previous night. Amber wasn't there either. Returning to the boat, I finished a bottle of wine and fell asleep. Tomorrow I would leave for Oswego. 

The trip to Oswego was smooth and uneventful. Getting out into Lake Huron, it was easy to know where Oswego was. East of Oswego are some power plants with a huge cooling tower. The plume off the tower was easy to see and I simply pointed Second Chance at the tower and motored along until I saw the light house at the mouth of the Oswego River. In behind the break water was the marina and I found my assigned slip, tied off, sat back and sent a text to Julie and Amy. 

About 7:30 I saw them walking down the dock. It was good to see them again. They'd brought Dinosaur BBQ and some cold beer for dinner. Both gave me a big hug and kiss and enjoyed rubbing their bodies against mine. I enjoyed it as well. As we ate, they wanted to know all about my trip around the lake. I told them about the fog, Peter and Helen, Toronto, Lori, Susan, Niagara Falls, and Amber as well as about the museums I had visited, the CN Tower and dinner. 

Julie said, "You've become quite the cocksman over the past three weeks. We expect the same treatment tonight and tomorrow." 

"At your services ladies." 

That brought laughter and smiles as they grab my arms and dragged me to the bedroom. 

They weren't interested in being undressed. They pulled their shirts off, dropped their shorts and helped me get undressed. Amy dropped to my cock, Julie pushed me back on the bed, kissed me and then planted her pussy on my face. It wasn't long before my tongue on her clit had her wiggling and finally cumming on my face with a shout of pure joy. Amy looked up and saw what had happened. She crawled up my body, sat on my cock and started bouncing while I played with her tits. It didn't take long and we both flooded each other with our juices. As Amy lifted off me, Julie was right there to clean us both up. The girls then crawled up on either side of me and told me how much they had missed me while I was gone. 

We laid there as they told me what they had been doing. School was going to start in a few weeks, so they had been preparing for that, and working part time in a bar near campus. They told me about a couple of football players getting into a fight, police coming in yelling and all the excitement. Some arrest were made, one person went to the hospital in an ambulance. They both said if another fight like that breaks out, they are quitting. 

Friday morning, we enjoyed another round of sex and then wandered around Oswego. Vendors were arriving and setting up their tents. Harbor Fest is also an arts and crafts show so there was lots to do. A stage was set up in a local park and a big name band was coming in for a concert later in the evening. Both girls wanted to go. No tickets were needed as one of the local power companies was sponsoring the concert. On the river, boats were going thru the locks and getting in place to watch Saturday nights fireworks. The atmosphere was electric and fun. 

At noon, we climbed into Julie's car and she drove us out past Oswego State University, a respected teachers college, to what are called "The Stands". It's a collection of three stands that sell hot dogs, various forms of fish and ice cream. It is a favorite gathering place for local college students and the local populace. Everything is served on paper and then you sit outside at picnic tables right at the waters edge. They generally open around the first of May and close by October, depending on the weather. 

We ordered dogs, fries, drinks, sat at the tables and watched some kids play in the water. The food was good. Further off shore, more boats continued to arrive. After eating, we went back to the boat. It can get cool at night in this part of the world, so the girls wanted to put on jeans and get a sweater for the concert that night. People were walking up and down the docks admiring the boats and talking to the owners. Several talked with me. When I saw where the fire works were being launched from, I didn't think we had a very good view from the boat so thought about moving the boat out a ways, anchoring and using the dingy to get back to shore. 

The girls and I walked to the park for the concert. The place was crowded with people of all ages. It was a carnival atmosphere with drinking, laughing and a general party atmosphere. There was a group of seats for those that had tickets and people filled them up rapidly as well. After the band started and it got dark, I occasionally got a whiff of pot. Fortunately, the police did not make a big deal of it and the party progressed without any trouble. Everyone was surprisingly well behaved, although as we were walking back to the boat, there was more than one person that had had a few too many beers or a couple of extra tokes. 

During the concert, the girls had gotten chilled and when we returned to the boat, they both demanded that I warm them up. I was happy to honor their request. Both were quickly naked, and had pulled a blanket up over them. I placed both on their hands and knees and alternated poking their pussies and playing with their tits. It wasn't long and they were both on the edge of cumming, but I was careful to slow them down and extend their pleasure. I even gently spanked them a few times which caused some moans and mmmmmm's. As their peaks started to climb, I spent longer in each one. Amy was the first to cum and when I pulled out of her, and entered Julie, she came. A few strokes later and I sprayed both asses with my cum. We slept well that night. 
