 DAPHNE AND CHRISTINA

Six months ago, Christina and Daphne moved in together as they had become lovers. They still dated young men but also enjoyed the female touch. They had had begun to experiment touching other, eventually graduating to oral sex. They often licked each other's pussy in a 69 position until they drenched each other's faces with cum. They were both lovely young women with shapely figures on very fit bodies. Christina, 25 years old, stood at 5'6" and weighed 125 pounds. She had a curvy 34-28-35 figure with long blonde hair and blue eyes. The 26-year-old Daphne was a brunette with brown eyes and short hair. She too was 5'6" and weighed close to 130 pounds with a 35-30-35 figure.

Recently Daphne had targeted Christina's ass. It started when she had Christina douche her bottom and kneel on all fours with her perfect ass perched in the air. Daphne would eat Christina's pussy as she caressed her beautiful ass cheeks. One day Daphne started by planting kisses on Christina's ass. The feeling was incredible as Daphne kissed and licked the round globes. Christina was shivering and had goose bumps on her buttocks as her girlfriend made love to the shapely bottom. Daphne then caught her totally by surprise when she probed Christina's anus with her tongue.

Christina had stiffened up in shock but remained silent as Daphne returned to kissing her buttocks. She would kiss the bum and then probed the nether hole with her tongue. Christina was overcome with the sensation of having her anus tongued. Daphne continued licking the forbidden fruit and even stuck her tongue deeper into the rectum. As Daphne probed Christina's anus with her tongue she began to finger her girlfriend's pussy at the same time. All that was too much for Christina and she experienced the most intense orgasm of her young life. Christina's hips involuntarily bucked and her body shook with tremors and she came and came. Christina collapsed on the bed and Daphne pursued her as she sucked up all of Christina's juice from the gushing pussy. The two beauties embraced after that and held each other.

They would rest and then break out the sex toys. They took turns fucking each other with a strap-on dildo until they couldn't cum anymore. Of course, they never had sex the same day they had dates, unless the dates went horribly wrong and left them feeling horny. Both women had avoided anal sex with the guys who were always drawn to the shapely bottoms. A tongue was one thing but they could not fathom a big cock in there.

CHRISTINA GOES SHOPPING

The girls were decorating the apartment for Halloween as they planned to have a costume party with a few guests. Christina went shopping on a Saturday with Halloween just a week away. She knew about this one store that was kind of macabre. She decided to check it out for some unusual décor. She entered the store and she was amazed and a bit frightened at what she saw on display. There were skeleton heads and other very graphic eerie items. She was about to leave when she spotted a full-length mirror.

As she looked at the mirror she became intrigued with the carvings around the frame. As she looked closely she noticed the carvings were figurines of both men and women that resembled ghosts, goblins, witches and warlocks. There was also an inscription on the frame that was difficult to read. Just then a voice greeted her.

"Hello my dear, welcome to my store. I can see that you have excellent taste. My name is Glinda, how can I help you?"

"Glinda, the witches name in the play Wicked?"

"I am a witch dear. What is your name?"

"Christina, I was looking for décor for Halloween. I wanted something more authentic looking rather than the normal commercial stuff."

"Well you have come to the right place. The mirror would make a nice addition to your apartment."

"How did you know I live in an apartment?"

"I just know things, let me show you what is special about this mirror. See this inscription here, it a magic phase that brings the mirror to life."

Christina was getting nervous around the mysterious woman and she wondered if Glinda was indeed a witch. As she looked at the woman more closely she realized how beautiful Glinda was and Christine found her herself drawn to the woman. She looked at the inscription and it was in a language very foreign to her. 

"I can't read it."

"No of course not. I will teach you how to say it. You have to pronounce every word correctly to release the magic."

Christina, still doubtful, listened to Glinda. She then repeated the inscription several times before she finally said it correctly. All of a sudden, the mirror came to life. The figurines on the mirror frame started moving around and into very graphic sexual positions. She could not believe what she was seeing. They engaged in all sorts of sexual acts. There were men fucking women, women sucking men, men fucking other men and women eating other women. No sex act was left out oral sex, anal sex and vaginal sex were all taking place in front of her. Women were taking three cocks at the same time and men were taking two cocks at the same time. Christina was getting turned on with all this sexual activity before her and she sneaked her hand under her skirt and into her panties to rub her pussy. 

As she rubbed her pussy and diddled her clit she approached an orgasm. Christina was panting and her hand was racing over her pussy as she brought herself off. Christina shuddered with her orgasm and then something strange happened. Christina found herself being drawn into an erotic stupor. Suddenly she was naked and so was Glinda. They moved into a 69 position and ate each other until they both had massive orgasms. Glinda produced a double headed dildo and put in both their pussies. They fucked until they climaxed again. Then Christina heard Glinda speak in another language and the mirror returned to normal. Christina cleared her head and saw that she was still dressed and so was Glinda.

"What just happened?"

"The magic of the mirror. It can take you to erotic places."

"I'll say. I feel like I just had sex." 

"Would you like to buy the mirror?"

"I think so, Yeah sure. I'll take it."

Glinda produced a fitted for the mirror cover. "If you keep the cover on, the mirror will not respond to the magic phrase."

Christine paid the handsome price for the mirror and left the store. She found her herself anxious to try it out again once she was home. The feeling that had come over her earlier was unexplainable as was the images of her and Glinda making love. It had to been in her mind only and she was beginning to believe in the magic of the mirror.

AN UNEXPECTED JOURNEY

Christina arrived home with the mirror and Daphne was waiting for her.

"Where did you go shopping and what is that?"

"It is a magic mirror. Something strange and amazing happened. Wait until you hear what I have to tell you."

Daphne sat next to Christina and listened to the story as Christina covered every detail. Daphne sat there with her mouth open in awe and somewhat disbelief. The story had turned her on though and her pussy was sopping wet.

"You either have been drinking or have one hell of an imagination, either way you got me hot and my pussy is dripping."

"No really it's true, it really happened."

Daphne walked over, uncovered the mirror and studied the carvings on the frame.

"So, when you say some special words these figures come to life and start fucking each other, this I have to see," she mocked.

"That's right and then I got turned on and rubbed my pussy and as I got off the mirror swept me away. The next thing I knew I was making love with Glinda."

"Ha! The witch, okay let's try it and see if it works for us."

Christina looked at the mirror and repeated the words she had learned earlier. The words flowed from her lips as if it was her native tongue. Amazingly, the figurines came to life and began their orgy. Daphne could not believe her eyes as every imaginable sexual act was performed before her. Both women could feel their pussies getting wetter and wetter. Christina reached under Daphne's skirt, put her hand down into the panties and began to finger the pussy. Daphne reciprocated and did the same to Christina. The two young women stood next to each other watching the orgy and fingering each other's pussy. As they both reached an orgasm they felt themselves pulled into the mirror's gateway.

Christina and Daphne arrived in some unfamiliar place with a mansion that looked like a haunted house from the past. They held hands as they were suddenly frightened. Daphne blurted out.

"Where the fuck are we?"

"I have no idea. This didn't happen the first time."

"Who is that?"

"Oh my God, it's Glinda."

"It's good to see you Christina and I see that you brought your friend Daphne as well. I am so glad that you are both here. I have many guests today and I will need help entertaining them."

Daphne was dumbfounded that Glinda knew her by name. They followed Glinda into the house and Glinda showed them to a room for them to change clothes. The three of them put on white full-length negligees. The gown was made of a coarse-like material that rubbed against the girl's nipples. Any movement caused the material to brush and tickle their nipples into an erect state. The gowns were transparent and their pubes and the cheeks of their shapely behinds were visible. They were excited before they even left the room.

Glinda led them downstairs and into a room adjacent to the reception area. They noticed the very old décor including suits of armor. They were instructed to serve the guests champagne and appetizers. They were to circulate among the guests carrying trays and keep the guests satisfied. Under no circumstances did Glinda want any of her guests dissatisfied or complaining. The girls stocked the trays and proceeded into the reception area. All the guests were men dressed in black full-length robes. There were nine men in total. The girls circulated around serving the champagne and food.

The guests were involved in conversations among themselves and with Glinda. As the party went on and more champagne was consumed the men got friskier with the girls. Often as they were passing by a hand would stray and caress their buttocks. As one man lifted a glass of champagne off Christina's tray his hand found its way under her gown and stroked her bare pussy. Daphne, the gown up around her waist, was steadying herself by holding on to the arm of one man while he fingered her pussy and another man massaged her ass cheeks. The caressing and fingering continued and the girl's pussies were dripping wet. Daphne and Christina went into the other room to get rid of the empty glasses and replenish the champagne.

"Christina I am so turned on that I have to cum soon or I will go crazy." 

"Me too all of that touching and fingering has gotten me so hot. Let's do each other quickly."

Daphne dropped to her knees and lifted up Christina's gown and pressed her mouth to the familiar pussy. She clamped her lips around the swollen plum and plunged her tongue into her creamy chamber. Within minutes Christina drenched Daphne's face with her pussy juice. Daphne stood up licking the juices from her face as Christina dropped to her knees to pleasure her. Christina stared at Daphne's sweet pussy poised just above her face. It was neatly trimmed with a small strip of curls just above her slit. The moist petals of her pink folds peeked out from the gash down the middle of her swollen mound. 

She was intoxicated by the strong smell emanating from Daphne's sexual plum. Christina moved her mouth towards the object of her lust her tongue licked the pink folds and swollen clit. Christina pressed her lips to Daphne's puffy mound and kissed her pussy her tongue pushed into the juicy opening. She grasped Daphne's ass cheeks and pulled her against her mouth. Daphne pressed down on Christina's mouth and squirmed against the probing tongue. Daphne shivered and shook with the intensity of her orgasm and covered Christina's face with her love juices. Christina stood up and kissed Daphne sharing the residual taste of their juices.

"Very nice girls but we have guests waiting," Glinda said sternly.

Christina and Daphne tidied themselves and returned to the reception with more champagne for the guests. The men had brought out a pipe and were passing it around. It was some type of addictive drug. Glinda and the girls smoked the pipe briefly and it hit them all hard, Daphne and Christine experienced a potent drug for the very first time. The fondling and fingering continued working the girls into another frenzied state. The men had shed their robes and stood naked in the presence of the women.

Glinda had dropped to her knees and was sucking on a huge cock. Christina and Daphne felt hands on their shoulders pressing them to their knees. They were presented with huge cocks to suck on. Glinda and the girls brought each of the men off and were made to swallow their cum. No sooner had one cum in their mouths than another cock was presented to them. They all sucked off three men each and swallowed their seed each time.

Glinda had shed her gown and she walked over and kissed Christina pulling the gown up and off the shapely body. She repeated the same act with Daphne. As they kissed each other they shared the residual taste of man cum still clinging to their tongues and lips. Glinda led the two girls to the center of the room and arranged them so they could eat each other's pussy. Glinda's face was in Daphne's pussy, Daphne's face was in Christina's pussy and Christina was positioned to eat Glinda's pussy.

The tongue and fingers probing Daphne's body filled her with an insatiable desire to do the same to her partner. Daphne shoved two fingers into Christina's steamy chamber and sucked on her clit. After digging them around inside her, Glinda pulled her juicy fingers from Daphne's cunt and rubbed them across her anus. The tip of her middle finger pressed against Daphne's tight opening until it yielded to the pressure. Daphne followed Glinda's lead and did the same thing to Christina who in turn did it to Glinda.

Daphne and Christina gasped from the invasion of their private areas. The pressure from the fingers was incredible. It felt so good to Daphne and Christina to have a finger pushing up their ass. Christina couldn't imagine something the size of a man's penis in there as she spread Glinda's rounded cheeks and stared at the tiny rosebud. It just didn't seem possible.

Daphne tensed when she felt Glinda gently insert a second finger into her ass. Slowly Daphne stretched and adjusted until the pressure turned to pleasure. Daphne inserted a second finger into Christina emulating everything Glinda did to her. When Christina added an extra digit to Glinda's asshole it slid in easily and extracted a sensuous moan from Glinda. Lost in a sea of lust, Christina didn't consider it at all strange when a hard cock pressed against her lips at the entrance to Glinda's pussy. She swirled her tongue around the swollen knob just before it disappeared between the juicy pink folds.

Only inches in front of her face Christina watched the swollen cock slide in and out of Glinda's steamy cunt. The swollen flesh of his manhood glistened with pussy juice. The cock fucking Glinda's pussy pulled out and pressed against Christina's lips. She opened her mouth and felt it slide over her tongue. She licked and swallowed the juices coating the hard flesh before guiding it back between the open petals at the entrance to Glinda's juicy chamber, and watched it slowly disappear.

Glinda pounded her two fingers in and out of Daphne's ass, going faster and faster and digging them around inside her tight opening. Glinda's other hand frantically rubbed two fingers across Daphne's swollen clit and twirled the erect little nub in her fingers. The sensations flowing through her body were more than Daphne could stand and she arched her back and cried out. Glinda clamped her lips around Daphne's mound and sucked the flood of cunt juice that poured into her mouth.

Before she could recover her senses, something hard and warm pressed against the opening to Daphne's ass. It stretched her tight orifice until the large mushroom head penetrated her forbidden passage. The pressure was almost unbearable and quickly snapped Daphne back to reality. Daphne begged to no avail.

"Oh my God, no please it's too big, I've never done this," 

Her plea was ignored and the hard shaft of flesh pushed deeper into her bowels causing Daphne's entire body to tense. Just when she began to adjust to the pressure, the cock in her ass would sink even deeper. This continued until the entire length was buried up her dark tunnel. After several seconds it began to move. Unbeknown to Daphne, Christina was experiencing her first ass fuck as well.

Slowly and miraculously the unbearable pressure turned into a pleasant and sensual throb for Christina and Daphne. The hard cocks up their asses moved faster and deeper. Trapped in a stream of passion Christina lifted her face and licked Glinda's clit as Daphne licked Christina's cunt. The tip of Christina's tongue touched the hard meat that was pounding in and out of Glinda's cunt and the taste of pussy coated her lips and filled her mouth.

Christina could see the veins bulging from the swollen flesh that was fucking Glinda. She watched the shaft grow thicker and drive deep into her hot chamber. A loud grunt from its owner signaled the first explosion of cum into Glinda's belly. The spewing cock pulled out and slammed back in again and again until it was coated with a thick cream that trickled down into Christina's mouth.

Glinda screamed as orgasm after orgasm ripped through her body. The cock that had been fucking Glinda pulled out from her cunt dripping cum and cunt juice across Christina's face. Without hesitation Christina clamped her mouth over Glinda's quivering plum and sucked the mixture of man cum and female juices from her body.

A second cock quickly slid deep into Glinda's drenched pussy and pumped in and out of her swollen womb until the hard flesh was covered with the juices inside her cunt. Christina watched the long shaft pull out of Glinda's dripping cunt and press against the opening to her ass. Glinda's tight orifice easily swallowed the swollen knob and long shaft until it had disappeared inside her body.

While she was getting her ass fucked, Glinda pumped two fingers in and out of Daphne's cunt and sucked on her clit. The cocks up Christina's ass and Daphne's ass continued to pound their bodies over and over. The girls had lost control, but Christina and Daphne just wanted more and more. Christina felt the jets of warm semen pump into her anal orifice as she watched Glinda's ass get filled with another hot load of cum. Daphne clamped her mouth down on Christina's clit as her rectum was filled with hot cum.

The two girls sat up and planted kisses all over Glinda's body. Christina and Daphne were out of control head and they wanted to do all kinds of nasty and previously forbidden things to Glinda. The girls and Glinda were lifted up and guided over to three men lying on their backs with huge erections pointing skyward. They were lowered onto the men and each pussy was quickly filled with another hard cock. They all began riding the hard cocks. 

As Christina rode the hard cock stuffed in her cunt she felt her ass cheeks being spread and another thick shaft pressed its large head against her anus. Before she could react, it had penetrated her and filled her rectum. She looked over at Glinda and Daphne and saw the same thing happening to them. Then three more cocks were shoved in their faces. 

Christina, Daphne and Glinda opened their mouths and sucked the three meaty cocks between their lips. Christina now had her body stuffed full of three cocks at the same time. She tried to concentrate on the one in her mouth, but the pressure and pounding from the other two fucking her pussy and ass made it hard to concentrate. Daphne was struggling with the triple penetration as well. 
