  This story is just a little fantasy, written in first-person, male POV. While I have fondled my husband in a grocery store, we have never played this game.

SandraMustard 2014 

*****

My wife, Debbie, and I headed for the grocery store. We often shopped together and messed around like teenagers even though we've been married for more than twenty years. We had double shopping to do. We shop for shut-ins about once a month and with our own groceries to buy, we each would be pushing a cart and sort of going our separate ways. We love this arrangement because we act like strangers and play grab-ass to shock the other shoppers.

The fun started when I was in the canned goods aisle having lost track of my wife. As I bent over to grab some green beans off the bottom shelf, this hand smacked me in the ass and grabbed my nuts. Despite the familiarity with this kind of thing, I was startled and jumped forward, bumping my head into a shelf. I rose up, rubbing my head to see Debbie walking away and grinning back at me. 'I'll get you back,' I thought to myself and started walking the other way.

As I approached a woman shopper just ahead, she asked me if I was all right. She was probably mid-thirties, black hair, pretty hazel eyes, decent tits, and an ass I would love to see my dick slamming into. She had seen what my wife did and probably heard the thump sound my head made. I told her it was just a little bump.

"Do you know that woman?" she asked.

I avoided giving a direct answer hoping we could shock her with some further antics so I said, "Do you believe that? Just grab a man's nuts in the grocery store?"

"She grabbed you sexually? You should report her to the store manager."

Her suggestion was funny because the store manager knows us from last year after watching us fuck in a deserted little corner. He tried to threaten us with arrest after he got a big enough eyeful that his pants were bulging.

"No, I don't want to do that. The truth is, I enjoyed that a bit, having someone sexy like that touch me." I kind of looked her up and down with a smile and added, "I wouldn't turn you in either."

"Oh," was her simple reply. I started pushing my cart again, and as I passed her, zap! Her hand snaked up between my cheeks and touched my nuts! I almost stumbled and turned in disbelief to see her grinning like a Cheshire cat. "I'm sorry, I couldn't help it; you practically asked me to do that."

I nodded and smiled. Holy shit! Debbie is not going to believe this! I hurried to the next aisle to catch up to her. I gave her a recap of what happened and a description of the woman. We decided to up the ante and see how far she would go. Then I complained about the knock on my head. Debbie pulled my head down and kissed the booboo just as the Cheshire lady came around the corner. I whispered that she was coming so Debbie put her free hand right on my crotch and cupped my cock and balls while giving my head another kiss. I pretended to drop my jaw in surprise. Then Debbie sauntered away past the Cheshire lady as she came up to me.

"What did she say to you?"

"Oh, she was sorry I hurt my head and wanted to make the pain go away."

"Let me see your head." I tilted my head down and she gently rubbed her fingers over the little bump that was forming. "Ooh! You have a little knot there. Let me help." She rose up on her tiptoes and planted a little kiss on the bump. She also planted her other hand right on my crotch! "There. How does that bump feel now?"

Her hand was still cupping my cock and balls. "What bump?" I asked.

"See? All it takes is a little distraction," she said as she looked down at her hand still fondling my package. Finally, she gave a little squeeze and let go.

What a cheeky lady she was, the likes of which I had never encountered. I turned and spotted my wife down the aisle; she had stopped to gather some items and saw the whole scene. I gave her a raised eyebrow look and mouthed, "Did you see that?" Debbie nodded slightly and smiled at my shorts starting to bulge.

The next aisle was crowded and nothing happened but in the aisle after that, Debbie played the backup game. She had stopped to look at something and when I came up behind her to reach up and over for a cereal box above her, she bent down and stepped back, putting her ass right against my bulge. Her movement kept me just out of reach of the box I was after so I tried to stretch a bit but only succeeded in pressing against her harder which she augmented by wiggling her ass.

Cheshire lady had walked up and was now looking at my bulging shorts bouncing between Debbie's cheeks. I took a couple of steps back resigned to waiting. Debbie finally moved away but before I could close in, Cheshire lady stepped right into her vacated spot and bent over. This caused my bulge to bang into her ass cheeks. I once again tried to push my way forward but met with equal pressure backwards.

I loved the contact with the stranger's ass and was getting aroused. I put my hands on her hips and pulled her ass side to side, up and down, back and forth. "Don't mind me, I'm just trying to get something," I grunted.

"I don't mind. Let me know when you get it."

Finally, in desperation, I reached around her waist with one arm, picked her up off the ground holding her ass against my cock and moved forward. "Got it," I exclaimed as I released her.

"I'm glad. I guess shopping can be so hard for some people," she quipped as she sized up the hard thing in my shorts.

When I passed Debbie, I whispered to me at our special place. We had found a little corner that used to have more room but when they remodeled the Deli, it left room for just a short dead end aisle where they kept low volume stuff. It also was visible only to shoppers who rounded the end of one other aisle. Debbie had given me head there several times and the infamous doggie fuck.

I was waiting there, looking at various cooking utensils when Debbie and Cheshire lady showed up. "Here's where he's hiding," my wife announced. She left her cart across the aisle opening and Cheshire lady completed the blockade as they cornered me against the back wall.

"What are you ladies doing? I think you are trying to take advantage of my good nature."

"How big do you think his good nature is?" Debbie asked as she moved her hand down the bulge of my cock in the leg of my shorts.

Taking her turn, Cheshire lady slowly rubbed the whole length and said, "We won't know 'til it all comes out but there has to be plenty for both of us."

I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensations. I was going to nut soon for sure.

"Is he circumcised?" Debbie asked.

Testing my helmet between thumb and forefinger, Cheshire lady assessed I was and nodded. Debbie stooped down and as she queried, "Boxers or tighty-whities?" she stuck her hand up the leg of my shorts, knowing full well I was commando. When she didn't tell what she discovered, the Cheshire lady took matters into her own hands.

"Oh, now that's convenient."

Debbie grabbed the waistband of my shorts, and in a flash (pun intended), they were at my ankles. She grabbed my hard-on which sprang up and after two strokes, took me in her mouth. Cheshire lady was watching intently from a foot away.

Now, my wife is a wonderful cocksucker and with the other lady there, I was getting ready to boil over in no time. Sensing my state, she pulled her mouth off and pointed my cock at the Cheshire lady. I was instantly sucked into an incredible wet and warm mouth.

Her tongue was tickling me just under the ridge at the top of each stroke before plunging back to her throat. She was no amateur either. I knew I was going to explode in just seconds. I mouthed to Debbie that I was going to come. She nodded her head at the Cheshire woman.

"Here it comes, baby!" I warned. She took me deep and stroked me with her hand until I splashed my first shots against her tonsils.

"Save me some," my wife insisted and my cock was traded from one mouth to the other without spilling a drop.

I pulled the Cheshire lady up and gave her a deep soul kiss as my wife cleaned up my orgasm. When our lips parted, she panted, "Wow, lover boy here doesn't mind kissing his own cum."

"Yeah, I know."

"You know?"

"I've been married to him for over twenty-three years."

"Holy shit! You let me suck your husband off?" Turning to me, she said, "You said you didn't know her!"

"I didn't answer that question, actually," I said in my defense.

My wife assured her, "It was a lot of fun the way you joined in our little game. Do you want to come to our house for some more fun? Wait 'til you feel what he can do with his tongue!"

She hesitated as she looked at each of us, "I'm game."