 Hello everyone, I sincerely apologize for the delay on this story. As you can see, it is rather long and continues the story from right where we left off before. My continued thanks to the vivacious and radiant Katie Ames for help in crafting and editing this story. We hope you enjoy it. :) 

---------------------

I laid there as Ashleigh slowly slid off of me to head for the shower. I watched as her tiny, sweaty frame slid to the edge of the bed and weakly placed her feet on the floor, bringing herself to a standing position with her back to me. She was right, her ass did look even better naked.

She took two steps and her legs, shaky from our sessions, betrayed her and she slowly dropped to the floor onto her knees and hands. I quickly sat up and moved to help her, but as I did, she looked back at me and said, "I think you're going to have to help me stand in the shower."

I couldn't help but swell with pride. Here was this young girl I had fantasized about for so long and now I had successfully fucked her legs out from under her.

"Would you like me to help you to the shower," I asked, a small laugh accompanying my question. 

"No, I can make it there," she said as a smile crossed her beautiful lips, "but once we are in the shower, you are probably going to have to hold on to me the entire time." She began to crawl towards the bathroom with me standing behind her. This was such a beautiful view. I drank in the sight of her tan, toned skin as it flexed and moved as she weakly crawled to her destination.

We moved together, her crawling, me walking behind, enjoying the view, till we reached the bathroom. Once there, she collapsed onto the floor, laying there on her back with her knees up and bent. I stood above her, looking down over her young, naked body. 

"You gonna make it," I asked with a chuckle.

"I think so," she said staring at me. She began to laugh. "I just can't get over this. That was by far the best sex I've ever had."

"Me too," I said, joining her in a laugh. I wasn't lying either. Everything had been perfect with her.

I walked over and turned on the water and when I felt the water was just right, I walked back to Ashleigh who was in the same position, only her eyes were closed. I watched her breathing for a moment, her perfect, small breasts rising and falling with each breath, and again marveled at how radiant she looked. 

I knelt down and slipped my arms under her bent knees and under her neck. Her eyes opened and looked up at mine and a slight, sweet smile crept across her face. I lifted her tiny body off of the floor and cradled her in my arms. I continued to look at her as she did me, but her expression turned to one of doughy eyed submission. She melted into my arms and all tension fled from her body.

I leaned in and kissed her gently on the lips and then walked her over to the shower. I let her legs drop into the shower and held her up with my other arm. I could tell her legs were still a little wobbly so I continued to hold her up as I stepped in. I then wrapped my arms around her, brought her wet body to mine and held her close as the water cascaded down upon us.

We stood like this for ages with our wet, naked bodies pressed together, her head resting on my chest and my arms wrapped around her. I don't think either of us wanted to move. 

I ran my hands up and down her back, my fingers tracing along her wet, taught skin. I reached up with my right hand and grabbed a bottle of body wash from the shower rack, and then turned our bodies so that mine was shielding her from the force of the spray. I flipped the cap open with my thumb and then poured a good amount on her shoulders and down her back before returning the bottle to the rack. 

Now with both hands free, I ran my hands over her back and shoulders creating a slippery, sudsy foam on her young body. As my hands ran across her skin, I heard the slightest moan escape her lips as she held her eyes shut and her body against mine. My arms were still wrapped around her but my hands explored and cleaned her, tracing from her shoulders, down her back and to her perfectly formed little ass. As she sighed and moaned and my hands explored her, I felt my cock starting to come alive once more.

I grabbed the bottle again and turned her body so that her right shoulder was pressed up under my left arm and her front was accessible to me. I again flipped open the top, poured the wash across her chest and returned the bottle once more. With my left arm around her for support, I used my right hand and began to rub the soap against her breasts, chest and tummy. I looked at her as I did and she was looking up into my eyes, obviously enjoying my hand on her. 

As I continued to wash lower on her body, my fingers dancing mere inches away from her pussy, I noticed her breathing change, a sharp intake lifted her chest as she anticipated my future destination. My hands crept lower, washing and massaging her pelvis and moving towards her thighs. Her eyes never left me as I continued down, my hands now lightly rubbing her inner thighs.

I slowly moved to her shaved pussy, my fingers running up and down each of her lips on either side of her pussy. I noticed her eyes flutter and come close to rolling back into her head. She was trying to watch me but the simple pleasure I was providing her was winning. I leaned down and kissed her, out lips melting together in a slow, passionate kiss. I moved one finger to the middle of her pussy and easily slid it into her silky pussy and hooked my finger as I sought out her g-spot. 

She gasped into my mouth as I penetrated her. I watched as her eyes fully rolled back into her head as her head leaned back. By now, I was fully hard and my cock was rubbing against her soap slickened tummy as I finger fucked her. I had to have her again.

I removed my finger from her pussy and before she had time to protest, I lifted her up and pressed her body against mine. Holding her off the ground made me instantly happy I had invested in some of those non-slip strips for the slippery shower floor, thus providing the traction I needed to safely hold her up. With her feet off the ground, she instinctively wrapped her legs around my body, her calves pressed against my ass. I gently pressed her against the wall of the shower and then reached down under her leg, positioned my cock and then dropped her down, slowly impaling her on my cock. 

I began to slowly thrust up into her as I pressed her against the wall. I grabbed her arms and pinned them above her head, grabbing both wrists in my left hand and pressing them against the wall for stability. I then leaned in and kissed her as I fucked her. I used my right hand and dragged my fingers down her torso, teasing her ribs, side and breast. This was a slow, sensual fuck and I loved it.

The angle of my cock was rubbing against her clit as I slowly thrust in and out of her and I could feel her tiny frame rocking up and down to meet my strokes. She flexed and released her leg muscles against my body which lifted her up and down in time with me. I wanted to go faster, to fuck her harder, but fear of losing my balance and sending us both toppling down against the hard shower kept my movements slow and precise.

She struggled against my hand, desperate to wrap her arms around me but I kept her pinned. She was breathing in staggered breaths, her body was trembling, and I knew she was close.

"Oh," she panted, "Steve", again a pant, "please.....I'm close.....that feels.....so good.....please....don't stop.....I'm so.....oh...my.....God.....please.....fuuuuuuuuuuuck," she panted and ended with a wail as her orgasm pulsed through her. I could feel her pussy clamping down over and over on my cock and I continued to fuck her straight through her orgasm.

I continued to fuck her like this for a few minutes and she became more vocal, begging me to continue fucking her. My cock slid in and out of her, over and over and I knew I was getting close. The continual penetration sent her over the edge again, this time with a loud scream as it ripped through her. Again I felt her pussy clamp around me and that was all I needed to send me over the edge and I flooded her pussy for the second time tonight.

I slowed down and eventually stopped with my cock buried inside her. I released her arms and she wrapped them around my neck. She looked at me with wide eyes, no words coming to her. I smiled, leaned in and kissed her again. 

I finally released her and washed her and myself again before turning off the water. I retrieved a towel, dried her off slowly and tenderly. I then dried myself off, stepped out of the shower and offered her my hand to help her out. As she stepped out, I leaned down and picked up her tiny young body in my arms and carried her to my bedroom. I laid her gently on the bed and then we both crawled under the covers. I reached my arm to her and pulled her close, her head resting on my chest and her damp hair spread out over me. Her leg curled up over mine, her hand rested on my chest close to her face and I heard her quietly whisper three small words as she drifted off to sleep.

"Best.....birthday....ever."

I smiled contently and closed my eyes and drifted off with her.

+++++++++++++++++++++++

I woke the next morning and found myself laying in the same position as I was when I had fallen asleep last night and I noticed that Ashleigh had not moved either. I could barely detect her peaceful breathing and I contemplated laying there with her till she woke up. I brushed her hair for a bit before an idea popped into my mind.

I gently and slowly moved and scooted myself out from under her and slipping a pillow under her head and then adjusting the covers over her. I saw her stir and readjust as her peaceful sleeping position had been disturbed, but she did not wake.

I walked into the kitchen and pulled out some fresh fruit, washed it, sliced it and placed it into a bowl with some Greek yogurt. I remembered that she had commented on how much she loved the stuff during one of my visits to the grocery store. Once I had two servings ready, I placed everything on a tray and headed back into my bedroom. I placed the tray down on the end of the bed, sat down next to her as she slept peacefully and I began to trace my fingers up and down her back causing a slight sound of pleasure from her. 

I began to push slightly harder into her back, massaging her muscles and running my fingers against her skin. She let out another low moan as she was waking up from her slumber. I leaned down and kissed her on the cheek and felt her smile as I did. 

"I want to wake up like that every morning," she says sleepily. She blinked her eyes open and stretched her arms above her head to shake free the cobwebs of sleep. "The only things that could have made that any better would have been some lavender massage oil."

"I bet," I said. "Did you sleep well?"

"Mmmmm, yes, I slept like a baby," Ashley replied to me. She was twisting her body and I could see her breasts clearly as she did. Even with everything we did last night, I was still blown away by her beauty.

"Good, me too. I haven't slept that good in a long, long time," I replied back to her. "Are you hungry?"

"Oh my God, yes!" she said excitedly and sat up. I presented the food to her and watching the realization that I had just brought her breakfast in bed spread across her face was priceless. Her face softened and she looked up at me. "You are something else."

She reached out and grabbed a slice of strawberry and ran it through the yogurt. As she moved the fruit towards her mouth she said, "Not that I should be surprised, not after last night."

We sat there for a few minutes eating. She seemed lost in thought as she stared (lazily) at the covers. I soaked in her beauty as the morning sun cast her in a beautiful light. She would occasionally look up at me only to blush and whip her head back down.

"Is everything ok," I asked her.

"Yeah, I'm sorry, I just can't get over last night. I keep playing it back in my mind and, wow, I mean, WOW," she exclaimed before biting into another piece of fruit.

"Ha-ha, I'm glad you enjoyed yourself," I said. "I completely agree with you. Wow pretty much sums it up." I smiled at her and took a piece of berry into my mouth as well.

"You know, I knew I wanted to make this a summer to remember before I leave, but damn, this is already beyond what I was expecting," she said slightly shaking her head back and forth in disbelief.

"Hey, we are just getting started," I said. "You may be leaving in the fall, but that gives us the whole summer to play."

"Yeah, but.....," she began. My stomach dropped. I don't like the word but....

"But..... what?" I asked her.

She looked right at me and said, "I just don't see how any of those college guys are going to stand up to you. Hell, I don't see how anyone is going to stand up to you, not after last night."

I'm not sure why, but I found this funny and let out a laugh which surprised her. "Yeah, but I think it's only fair you give them a shot. You never know, a few might surprise you," I said taking another bite of fruit.

"That's true," she said. She looked so beautiful sitting up naked in my bed. 

"However," I began, placing my fruit aside, "that doesn't mean I can't continue to raise the bar for them." I then leaned in, kissed her and we fucked and played till late in the morning when, regretfully, I had to let her leave. 

--------------------------------

After she left, I collapsed down on my couch and relived the past 24 hours in my mind. It was so surreal. Even though she had left merely ten minutes ago, it all seemed like some sort of fantastical dream. I had felt her, tasted her and fucked her yet it still didn't feel real. I laid my head back, closed my eyes and a small smile crept across my face.

I heard the notification on my phone go off about ten minutes later.

----- Ashleigh: Do u miss me yet?

Another smile crossed my face as I read her message and contemplated what to say.

----- Me: I'm sorry, who is this? ;-)

----- Ashleigh: U jerk!!! U know who this is!!! ;p

----- Me: :-) Yeah, I know who this is. Aren't you supposed to be home by now?

----- Ashleigh: I'm almost there. :( I wanna comeback.

----- Me: Well, I never made you leave. That was all you! ;-)

----- Ashleigh: U mean that was all my parents & my stupid work. :(

----- Me: Your work? What do they have to do with you leaving?

----- Ashleigh: I have 2 work this afternoon. Ugh

----- Me: Well, when you are there, just think about me.

----- Ashleigh: Oh like THAT will work. That will make work so much harder 2 get thru. 

----- Me: Hey, it's not like I am saying think about me bending you over on my bed.....

----- Ashleigh: AAAAAAHHHH, u r going 2 get it mister!!!!

----- Me: You taste so good....

----- Ashleigh: HEY!!! No fair!!!!!!!!!!!!!

----- Me: Well, have fun at work. I need to jump in the shower. ;-)

----- Ashleigh: I swear, u r going 2 get it!!! Have fun n ur shower... all alone.

----- Me: Oh I will. You have fun at work thinking about me having fun in the shower all alone....

----- Ashleigh: yeah right. I'll text u later. BTW, I had fun last night. Thank u for the best bday ever!!! :-)

----- Me: You are welcome. I had an amazing time as well. I say we make every day your birthday. ;-)

----- Ashleigh: DEAL!!!!! Later sweetie!!! ;-)

By the time we had finished texting I realized I had been sitting on my couch the entire time with a big grin plastered across my face. I texted my buddy from Friday night and said three simple words.

----- Me: She just left.

I didn't even get a reply text back from my buddy. He called me and asked how things went and I told him the abridged version of things. He kept calling me a dirty old man and poking fun at me, but I knew secretly he was incredibly jealous. All men love a young, hot girl and Ashleigh was one of the hottest I had seen in a long time.

When he had finished living vicariously through me, I hung up, got off the couch and went and grabbed my things to head to the gym for a quick workout. The shower thing was just a tease for Ashleigh, but I won't lie and say I wasn't tempted to make that a reality. The visions of everything we had done last night were replaying in my head over and over.

The workout felt great; a quick 30 minute run followed by some free weights, and then after only an hour and fifteen minutes after arriving, I was jumping in the shower at the gym. A quick lather and rinse and I changed into some shorts, sandals and a polo, stuffed the rest of my clothes in my gym bag and headed out to my car to head home. I looked at my watch and realized that Ashleigh would be working now so on my way home I stopped by the grocery store.

I walked in and grabbed a few small items, replenishing my supply of fruit, Greek yogurt, bottled water and some other odds and ends. I stopped by the pharmacy section and remembering her comment this morning about the oil, I picked up a bottle of lavender scented massage oil from the intimacy section. 

I walked up and got into her line. She was still as radiant as ever with her hair pulled back in a ponytail. She was being friendly and laughing with an old lady in her line. She was simply stunning and I couldn't keep my eyes off of her. I loved the fact that she had no idea I was there and standing no more than 5 feet from her. It was one of the greatest things I had noticed about her over the last few months. She always makes everyone in front of her feel like they are important. 

The lady paid her total and the bag boy helped her out to her car. Ashleigh told her to have a good day and then looked up to see who was next in her line. She saw me and her mouth dropped open in surprise and her face immediately went red. Her shock quickly dissolved into a smile that seemed to grow and grow and her eyes lit up.

"Wha-what are you doing here," she stumbled, obviously flustered. We had seen each other so many times in this very setting over the past few months but the change in our relationship mixed with the surprise appearance by me had her apparently flabbergasted.

"Just picking up some stuff for my place," I said with a sly smirk. "I had the craziest night with this insatiable girl and I need to stock up before she comes back."

She smiled, catching on to my game. "Hmmm, well sounds like this girl was pretty fun. And you sound pretty sure of yourself. How can you be sure that she will be coming back at all?"

I played it cool. "Oh she'll be back. She can try and play it cool, maybe even say she could stay away, but I know her better than she does. I would be surprised if she could go the whole rest of the afternoon without wanting to come back."

Her face turned red and she smiled. It was obvious that I was right. "Well, if you are anything like this guy I was with last night, then you're probably right. I know I'd rather be there than here. Hell, I'd rather be there than anywhere." Her smile was incredibly big as she said that.

I just smiled back at her and she held my gaze. "So, are you gonna check me out or are you going to continue checking me out," I said with a slight smirk.

She scrunched up her face in a cute way and made a "hmmrph" sound as she realized that my presence had completely distracted her from her job. "Fine Mr. Harris," she said in a playful, mocking tone.

She reached down and started scanning the items in my hand basket. As she scanned the fruit and yogurt, she blushed again. "I love fruit and yogurt," she said. "It's my second.....favorite thing to eat at your place."

She blushed again and looked down in embarrassment at what she just said and I simply smiled and said, "Mine too."

Her shoulders hunched as the realization of my words hit her in her stomach. "You are determined to make work impossible for me today, aren't you?"
