 Sitting in my car a few houses away from my friend's place, I glance down at the text I'd written excusing myself from Debbie and Grant's invitation. With my finger hovering over the send button, I look up again seeing the warm welcoming glow of their porch light. I could clearly remember when both of them had asked me to join them for a night of fun, and how happy their faces were when I said yes. Finally I make up my mind and delete my hastily written message and drive up and park in front of their house. Knowing that a threesome is something I've always wanted to try, I build up my courage and walk up to their front door thinking this night will either strengthen our friendship, or ruin it completely. 

As I knock on their door I can feel my cheeks getting warm, knowing I'm already starting to blush when they open it and warmly greet me. Looking at my friends nervously smiling at me, puts me a little more at ease. I nervously smile at them and shyly greet them back, "Hi, I'm sorry I'm a little late. I almost texted you to cancel. I've never done anything like this, and I've never been with another woman either."

Welcoming me inside Grant kisses me on my forehead and gives me a big loving hug, caressing my small frame in his strong arms. Returning his embrace, seeing Debbie smiling at us, I blush even more as I feel my heart start to beat faster. After a long few minutes of holding me in his arms, he lets me go and takes my coat and purse and hangs them on a chair. 

As soon as Grant lets go of me, Debbie pulls me into a warm hug and softly tells me, "We're glad you didn't cancel, and I'm glad you decided to come over and be with us tonight; you know, we haven't done anything like this before either. You don't have to do anything you don't want to do, we just want you to have a fun evening."

Unwrapping her arms from around me, they softly take my hands in theirs, and guide me to their bedroom. Thankfully seeing Grant turn off the light, knowing I want to do this, but not completely wanting my friends to see me naked either. Also, it's been so long since I've had anyone touch my body in a sexual way. 

In the shadowy street light filtering in through the curtains, I see Debbie smile at me before softly kissing my lips. As I close my eyes and feel her tongue gently touch mine I shudder slightly. Grant, meanwhile, is kissing and sucking on my neck. Wrapping my arms around both my friends, hugging their warm bodies next to mine they trade places and now it's Grant I'm kissing with a hungry need.

When I feel Debbie's soft lips sucking on my neck my breathing starts to quicken, then fighting away a slightly panicked feeling as I feel them lift my blouse up and over my head, as I'm thinking, "Oh no, there're undressing me." 

With my blouse now on the floor, Debbie's soft lips are pressed against mine once more and my panicking feelings start to subside. Slowly Grant's hand cresses down my neck and back and my bra is expertly undone, while his other hand gently pulls it away, exposing my breasts.

Letting out a quiet pleasurable moan as I smile at Debbie, watching and feeling her cup one of my breasts in her hands. I can't help but let out a small, quiet, ragged moan as she slowly runs her tongue over my hardening nipple and sucks it between her warm, soft, lips. Wrapping one arm around her and softly stroking her hair with the other, I smile savoring the feeling of Debbie's tongue flicking my nipple gently sucked between her lips.

Being gently guided to the edge of their bed, with my heart beating faster and my breath coming quicker, Grant kisses down my neck, down my chest. Forcing a moaning breath from me as he takes my other nipple in his mouth, flicking it with his tongue before continuing to kiss down my belly stopping at my waist. I Watch as both of my friends kneel in front of me, shivering with excitement as I feel their fingers undo my jeans and pull both them and my panties down almost to my ankles.

Taking a sharp intake of breath, I feel Grant's strong hands grip my ass cheeks, kneading my soft flesh as he pulls me closer to his face. I try to open my legs slightly, difficult with my jeans and panties still around my ankles. Softly I moan "Oh yes," as I feel his warm breath on my exposed pussy and feel his tongue slowly slide up and in-between my lips. 

I let out a soft regretful moan as I feel his lips part with my ever-growing warmer lower lips; only to happily smile seeing Debbie slide her head between my legs. Taking as much of me in her mouth as she can, I shiver feeling her close down slowly, sliding her lips across my wet flesh, before flicking her tongue through my wet slit. 

Gently using their hands, my friends, my new lovers, guide me to sit on the edge of their bed; taking off my shoes, socks and sliding my jeans and panties the rest of the way off my legs. Reaching out I tug up on Grant's shirt, pulling it over his head; then watching as he kicks off his shoes and socks, then slides his pants and boxers to the floor, freeing his hard cock. Seeing it bobbing in front of my face I look over to Debbie, seeing she's almost naked now, and smiling back at me. 

Looking back at Grant I quietly say, "It's been a long time since I've had any." I reach out and gently take his warm hard cock in my hands. Slow and carefully rubbing one hand down and around his balls as I slide my lips over and down his shaft. Taking him all the way in my mouth I feel and hear him let out a shuddering breath as he strokes my hair with his hand.

Feeling Debbie put her arm around me, I look up seeing her kind face looking down at me. Almost regrettably, letting Grant's cock slide away from my lips, I turn to give Debbie some attention. Cupping her generous breasts in my hands, realizing fondling another woman is actually turning me on, I suck one of her hard nipples into my mouth teasing her with my tongue. Hearing a pleasurable whimper escape her lips, I switch to her other nipple all the while feeling and kneading her soft breasts with my hands.  

Free of our clothing, moving to each side of me they gently lay me down on their bed. With my arms wrapped around them holding their warm bodies next to me, they kiss me as one, both sliding their tongue around my own and each other's. Soon I feel them kissing down my neck, each taking one of my nipples in their mouth as they wrap one of their legs around each of mine, gently keeping them from closing.

Breathing harder with a shuddering breath, I can't help but moan out loud as they gently cress my body with their hands, as they continue to suck my nipples in unison. Panting harder as Grant feels his way up my inner thigh I tense up as he softly cups my wet pussy in his hand. Shaking as I feel him slide his fingers through my wet slit till I make a hard-inward moan as he gently starts rubbing my clit between his fingers.

Closing my eye's I am lost in the pleasure pulsing through me. There is another hand, it must be Debbie's, she's wiggling her fingers through my slit. Shuddering with pleasure I hug my friend's closer to me as I moan a ragged, "Oooh yees," as I feel Debbie push her fingers inside me. 

Wiggling on the bed between them, breathing with hard, panting, moaning breaths of pleasure as I feel Debbie feeling the insides of me. Wiggling her fingers, touching everywhere inside as she twists them in and out of me, and as Grant gently rubs my clit between his fingers.

With my orgasm approaching I hug my two friends tighter, pushing my head back into the mattress and arching my back into the air. Soon I find myself moaning, "YES, DON'T STOP, PLEASE DON'T STOP." With them sucking harder on my nipples and fingering me faster I feel my pussy clamp down around Debbie's fingers as my body goes rigid. With short panting gasps, I scream my release between them. Slowing their fingers to a stop they lovingly hold me in their arms as my shaking subsides and I catch my breath.

As my breathing returns to normal I whimper with pleasure seeing and feeling their hands exploring my body. Soon Debbie gets up on her knees and smiles at me as I see her head disappear between my legs. I pull in a sharp gasping breath as I feel her tongue caress my lips, gently licking my wetness and replacing it with her own. 

I involuntary shudder and grip the sheets as she gently pulls my lips apart and sucks my inner labia between her soft lips, teasing it with her tongue, then flicks her tongue up and down my slit. 

Panting hard with my eye's closed, I suddenly feel Grant's lips pressed to mine and his hand softly stroking my cheek. Opening my eye's, I deeply return his kiss, entwining my tongue with his as my heart beats even faster.

Our kiss is broken all too soon as I smile at him, still panting hard, watching him move to the other side of me and start playing with his wife. I didn't think it would be such a turn on, watching him caress and play with Debbie's bare pussy, twisting her clit with one hand while pushing his fingers into her with his other. Seeing his fingers glistening with her wetness, watching him push his slick wet fingers in and out of her; while all the time thinking I want him to put those fingers in my mouth, I want to taste her. Hearing Debbie moaning as she eats my pussy I watch as Grant lays backwards beside me and slides under her gently pulling his wife's glistening wet lips to his mouth. 

As I feel myself getting close to cumming once more, I reach out my hand and gently grab hold of Grant's shaft, feeling his wet hardness. Trying to gently stroke his cock, but hearing Debbie make a moaning scream into my pussy and feel her shaking her head against my clit; pushes me over the edge into ecstasy as well, I cry out with Debbie, and I'm only able to pull and tug on Grant's cock in rhythm with my spasming.

Still shaking from her climax, Debbie climbs over me, pressing our sweaty bodies together and holds me in her arms. Returning her embrace, tenderly wrapping my arms around her, holding her close, pressing her breasts against mine I feel her tense up once more and hold me tighter, as she continues to shake on top of me, I watch Grant start to fuck her from behind, keeping her orgasm going. As I'm holding her, I feel her body push against me, feeling my nipples rub against Debbie's sweat slick skin with each stroke Grant takes. As she's hugging me for support, I look at her face, knowing I'll never forget the look of over fucked ecstasy in her eyes as she smiles back at me. When he's done fucking Debbie, I feel Grant slide up next to us, wrap his arms around us, holding Debbie and I close in his strong arms, as we hold each other.

After resting for a short time, Grant slides down the bed and settles in between my legs. Parting my lower lips, I let out a gasping moan as he flicks his tongue all along my slit, sucking my clit into his mouth I gasp again as he rolls his tongue around it's tip.

Gently holding my face in her hands, I look into Debbie soft eyes as she kisses me, pushing her tongue through my lips to find mine, then running her hand down my chest to cup one of my breasts and roll one of my nipples around her fingers. With my arms wrapped around her, and my lips locked with hers, I can't help but let out a whimpering moaning breath as I feel Grant slowly twist his fingers into my wet hole, as he continues to suck my clit.

With my body starting to shake once more, as I wiggle on the bed, I sigh regretfully as I feel the attention to my pussy stop. Looking down seeing Grant getting up on his knees, I smile, still kissing Debbie as I feel his hard, wet cock push against me, rubbing through my slit, finding my hole and stretching my lips as he slowly pushes his shaft inside me.

Feeling his warm, hard, cock, stretching my hole, as I feel him rub against my soft insides; feeling him fuck me slow and hard as I clutch Debbie closer to me as I start to spasm under her. Releasing Debbie's tongue from mine, I throw my head back, panting and gasping so hard, my moaning screams come out silent. With my eye's trying to bulge from my head, I hear him yell out and feel him plunge his shaft into me one last time as he jerks against my hips and his cock twitches inside me. Smiling, I feel a warm wet feeling fill my pussy.

After some time of happily snuggling with my two friends, my two new lovers, as they hold me between them; grateful that I came over and didn't cancel our evening of fun. Grinning I turn over to look at Debbie, slowly I roll her over onto her back and soft and sweetly tell her, "It's your turn now, I've wanted to taste you for some time now this evening."

Climbing on top of her I sit on her waist and lean over, tenderly kissing her lips. With her willingly opening her mouth we entangle our tongues together as I bring my hands up to caress her soft breasts. Breaking our kiss I slowly kiss down her neck, down her chest. Pushing her soft breasts together I suck one hard nipple into my mouth, roughly teasing it with my tongue, then switching to the other. Smiling as I see Grant watching me make love to his wife, as I hear a gasping moan escape her lips and feel her arms come around me.

Slowly I continue my way down covering Debbie's chest and stomach with tender wet kisses, enjoying the feeling of her squirm under me as I reach her pussy. Suddenly thinking, "I know I want to, but I've never gone down on another woman, maybe I'll try to do to her, what she did to me." I slowly run my tongue over her still wet lips and cover her entire pussy with my mouth. Slowly closing my mouth letting her wet flesh slide across my lips as I wiggle my tongue into her slit. Smiling to myself as I hear her moaning deeper, and feel her quiver with my touch. 

Not hearing Debbie moaning very loud anymore I glance up, seeing Grant has his lips pressed to her's, kissing her and playing with her nipples. Moving my head back down I part Debbie's lower lips with my fingers and suck on one of her inner labia flicking it with my tongue then moving to the other. With her lips pulled apart I flick my tongue all over her, as she wiggles on the bed.

I hear a ragged moan escape her lips as I gently suck on her clit, rolling it around with my tongue. I happily smile as I feel her jerk as I twist two fingers into her. Slowly I twist them in and out of her, as she starts to shake and her breathing turns to rapid panting I speed up my fingers, fucking her faster and at the same time start wiggling them inside her. 

With Debbie starting to spasm and thrash under us moaning between her panting breaths, I look up once more to see Grant trying to hold her down as he sucks on her nipples. I suck harder on her clit flicking it faster with my tongue while I add a third finger to her hungry hole. Letting Debbie ride out her orgasm, we continue playing with her till she lays still, panting and exhausted.

Smiling to myself, proud that I did a good job my first time eating pussy, I give Debbie's sweet mound a gentle kiss, feeling her quiver once more at my touch. Moving up I meet Grant's face with mine, kissing me softly and entangling my tongue with his, as Debbie lays panting hard under us. We then move up and passionately kiss Debbie with a three-way kiss, letting our tongues slide and rub against the others.

The three of us, exhausted from our evening of fun, pull the comforter up around us. Laying my head on one of Grant's shoulders and Debbie doing the same I fall asleep with Grant's arm around me and holding Debbie's hand on his chest.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

I wake up in the morning with my head still on Grant's shoulder, to see Debbie smiling at me, and find that I'm holding Grant's cock in my hand. As Debbie pulls the comforter off of us and turns around on her hands and knees, she quietly says, "Let's have some more fun," as she motions with her head for me to follow her. Turning around on the bed, I watch as she sucks Grant's semi-hard cock all the way into her mouth, then pulling her head back letting it slide out from her soft lips. Turning to me grinning, and softly saying, "Your turn."

As we take turns sucking Grant's cock, it's fully hard in no time. Grinning I suck his head into my mouth, pulling as hard a suction as I can. I let my lips travel down his shaft to the base, then pull my head up letting his cock slip from my lips to give Debbie her turn. All the time hearing Grant moaning in his sleep behind us.

It doesn't take long before I feel Grant's hand caressing my pussy, running his fingers through my wet slit. I push back on his hand and shudder as I feel them slide inside me. Continuing to take turns sucking his cock as he finger fucks me from behind I let my breasts bounce and rub on his waist.

With a mischievous grin on my face, I look back at Grant and pull his fingers out of me. Grinning, I scoot back and straddle his face and slowly lower my wet pussy to his waiting mouth. Shuddering slightly I Slowly push his nose through my slit till it rubs against my clit. I slide myself back and forth on his face as I feel him flicking me with his tongue wherever he can.

Seeing what I'm doing, Debbie joins the fun, grinning, she sits on his waist facing me as she lets herself sink down on his hard cock. As we're riding Grant, I lean forward and take Debbie in my arms. As I'm kissing her in between our moaning breathes I can hear dogs barking in the distance. 

Soon my moaning breaths turn into ragged panting and I scream out as my orgasm takes me. Feeling Grant grab hold of my legs keeping my lips pressed against his mouth as I try to grab onto Debbie and pull away from his flicking tongue. Forced to ride out my orgasm, shaking and jerking on Grants face, I feel Debbie start to shake as well. As we both yell out panting screams of ecstasy. Soon I feel Grant shaking under us as he screams his release into my pussy. With all three of us orgasming at once, I can somehow hear the barking getting closer. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

Opening my eye's from being woken up from hearing the dogs bark outside, one hand in my pussy and the other twisting my nipples. I sit up in my bed realizing it's still the middle of the night and Grant and Debbie are not here, knowing I've had this dream all too many times before. I lay back in my bed and smile to myself thinking it's time to make this dream come true, pulling the comforter up around me, I try to think of a way to turn my friendship with Debbie and Grant into something more. 

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Thank you for reading my story I hope you enjoyed it, as always feedback is always appreciated. Please vote and comments are always welcome.