 Sue couldn't believe it. Here she was, stretched out on a table wearing a blindfold and not much else in a swingers' club - and on her very first visit! She'd fantasized about something like this a thousand times over the years and it had always done the trick when she needed a little extra push over the edge and into orgasm. Now, she was about to experience the real thing.

Ron had heard the story many times during their marriage. Hell, he'd even told it himself a few times when his wife couldn't quite get there on her own. He could hardly believe that he'd finally talked her into giving this a shot - and it had only taken six months to convince her. Regardless, here they were, and now it was time to watch her act out her number one fantasy, live and in person.

----

Ron had done a ton of research to find a suitable place. Nashville apparently had a handful of on-premises swingers' clubs, but this one looked the best from what the Internet had to offer. After a few emails with the proprietors, and whatever screening process was required, they arrived Thursday evening for a newcomers' orientation. Both were pleasantly surprised to see that the reality matched what they had learned online. The place was pretty upscale, tasteful and seemed clean enough.

During the tour of the facility, Ron had been focused on reconnaissance, looking for a venue that would serve his specific purposes. He thought he found the perfect spot, a fairly small room with a padded table covered in what looked like black vinyl. The table's purpose was readily apparent and exactly what he needed. The rest of the building included a large dance floor, two stages with dance poles, two elevated dance platforms, a large bar (although the place was strictly BYOB), plus numerous seating and lounge areas. There were also fantasy rooms, as well as semi-private and private play rooms. Sue spent the entire tour blushing and/or giggling nervously at every talking point presented by their guide. Thankfully, each orientation was conducted with just one couple at a time so her stress level was manageable - but just barely.

They spent Friday at their hotel in a state of giddy anticipation, with conversation mostly dancing around the edges of their plans for the night. The drinking had started right after dinner with the alcohol going a long way toward breaking down inhibitions. Ron was careful to make sure Sue didn't overdo it. All his efforts would be wasted if she were too drunk to enjoy and remember this.

After showers, both Ron and Sue got dressed for the club, each wearing modest casual clothing. At his request, Sue agreed to go braless under her dress, but that was about as far as she would push it for now. Each had other clothing stashed in a small gym bag, along with a bottle of her favorite bourbon, clothing which would only come out if and when both were ready to ramp things up to the next level.

At about nine o'clock, they caught a cab to the club. They both wondered what the driver thought about their destination, but soon enough realized that his judgment was pretty meaningless considering what they were about to walk into. At the club entrance, Ron offered her one last chance to back out, and gave her a hug when she grinned nervously and stammered, "N-n-no way!" With that, they pushed through the door.

Their first stop was the locker room, where they left the bag of clothing - but not the bourbon! - and then headed toward the bar. The place seemed to be fairly crowded. The music was loud, but not so loud that they couldn't converse just by moving close. The dance floor was about half full, and as they passed it en route to the bar both of them marveled at what they saw. While a few people were dressed like them, many others certainly were not. Negligees and tall boots seemed to be particularly popular. One woman sported a bustier that displayed her magnificent tits to great effect and a skimpy thong that left nothing below her slim waist to the imagination. Ron was almost certain that he saw sexual acts taking place in the shadows beyond the dance floor, even though he couldn't make out any details. Sue clutched his hand in a death grip as they made their way forward.

The bartender accepted the bourbon and immediately offered to mix a drink for them, an offer which they both gladly accepted. They made their way to a table and sat down to sip their drinks and take in the sights. As they chatted, several other guests came by to make introductions. A few sat and talked a while. It was all very casual and innocent. Ron assumed the social butterflies were probably regulars as they seemed so at ease. If hadn't been for the scene on the dance floor, it could have been about any bar anywhere. Before they knew it, Ron and Sue were both feeling pretty comfortable themselves.

After another trip to the bar, Ron leaned in to whisper to Sue. He was ready to go exploring and she was just tipsy enough to eagerly agree. Her arousal level was rising and she was ready to take a peek behind the proverbial curtains and into the more secluded areas of the club.

Ron made a point of circling the dance floor on the dark side of the room. As they made their way through what was a growing crowd, Ron's suspicions were confirmed; there was definitely some interesting sexual activity in progress in the seating area lining the far wall. At least one blow job was being administered by a particularly attractive blonde woman and just a little further on two other women were vigorously riding their male companions. Sue couldn't help but wonder if the women were fucking the men who had brought them or if this was one of the swaps for which this place existed. While they couldn't help but look, they tried not to be too obvious about it. They were pretty sure they were unsuccessful in that, and they were just as sure nobody cared, anyway.

Ron pulled Sue forward into the hallway that led to the rooms they'd toured Thursday. They paused here and there, along with others moving through the hallway, to check out the action in any room that was open to the public. One held a couple, fully naked, with a woman kneeling on a bed beside a man. Her hands were wrapped around his hard cock and moving up and down in slow rhythm. The man's eyes were closed, but the woman's were locked in turn on the various observers present. It was clear that she enjoyed being watched while she worked.

Another larger room held some seven or eight people - it was hard to count in the dim light with so many bodies intertwined amongst the cushions spread across the floor. There was sucking and fucking and groping galore, and the room had attracted quite a crowd. Ron and Sue looked around and noticed several guests stroking their cocks as they looked on, and one woman was on her knees in front of her partner taking his erection deep into her throat in time with the rocking of his hips. Sue felt a warm tingle building in her cunt and knew her juices were beginning to flow in earnest. She couldn't help herself and reached down to feel her husband's swollen prick now stretching down the inside of his thigh. Yep, this was having the same effect on Ron that it was on her. 

They paused to watch briefly at two other rooms before, by mutual unspoken consent, deciding to head to the locker room to change into something more comfortable. Ron donned a pair of slacks and a thin short-sleeved white shirt. Without his underwear, his engorged cock was clearly visible swinging freely inside the loose pants. Sue emerged in a long sheer white blouse, one that did practically nothing to conceal the flesh beneath it. Her tits were clearly visible with their pink nipples most prominent. The panties she wore underneath were similarly indiscrete and the dark blush of her pubic hair was almost as noticeable as her nipples.

Ron smiled approvingly and took her hand, then marched her straight down the hall to the room he had selected the day prior. Luckily, it was unoccupied, and he quickly led her inside. He positioned her at the center of the room facing the door and began rubbing her shoulders as they waited. It didn't take long for the first curious observers to happen by. When a young couple paused at the wide doorway, Ron slipped his hands around to Sue's front to begin massaging her tits, pausing briefly to tweak each nipple in turn. Sue tensed at first but soon relaxed back into Ron's chest and closed her eyes. When a second couple stopped in the hallway, Ron reached down to run his hand between her legs, feeling a certain dampness seeping through Sue's panties. He continued to rub his hands over her body in the most intimate way and began kissing her neck as the audience grew.

Sue opened her eyes when Ron's hands withdrew. She was disappointed that he had stopped touching her, but she was pleased to notice that there were at least four couples now standing outside the room enjoying the show. Before she had time to think overly much on that delightful discovery, Ron spun her to face him. Without speaking, he reached into his back pocket and pulled out a blindfold. He smiled as he placed it around her head and secured it in the back. Her nervousness returned as he took her hand and led her toward the table, backing her into it until the her thighs struck the cold vinyl. Then, he stripped her shirt over her head leaving her torso fully exposed. She was quite sure she was blushing as she thought of all the eyes on her right then. Ron urged her back onto the table and then helped her to lie down before disappearing.

Ron liked what he saw - his wife stretched out there on display practically naked. Now he just needed to enlist a little help from the people standing outside. It took just a minute or two to explain what he needed from them and he was pleased when each of them agreed with his request.

She wasn't sure how long she laid there alone. Her mind was racing and, after a few moments, her nervousness began to grow. Just when she thought she'd have to pull off the blindfold or die, she was startled by a hand sliding along the outside of her leg, across her hip and up her arm. She jumped just a little but then held herself still. This was her fantasy, after all, and she might as well calm down and enjoy it.

Ron watched in fascination from the side as first one and then another of the onlookers stepped into the room to run a hand over his wife's body. He noticed her tension at the beginning but could also see that tension leave her body in just a few seconds. A few seconds more and her breathing deepened; he could tell that this was going well.

Of the couple that had taken the lead, the woman was drawing circles around Sue's breasts while the man firmly massaged her legs. When the second couple stepped forward, the first moved to the far side of the table to make room. The second woman ran a hand up the inside of Sue's thigh as her man leaned forward to take one of Sue's nipples into his mouth. Sue's back arched as her legs spread, indicating her eagerness for more from both of her new friends. The woman's hand brushed lightly across Sue's panties before pulling them aside to expose her pussy. She slowly slid a finger between Sue's glistening pussy lips before reaching for the waistband to tug the panties completely off. Sue enthusiastically squirmed her way out of her last shred of clothing. Ron opened his pants and freed his stiff cock, taking it in hand and slowly stroking as he watched.

Sue was approaching a state of ecstasy. With her vision blocked, all her attention was focused on the feelings transmitted through her flesh; the mouth on her nipple, the hand on her pussy, other hands elsewhere on her naked body - the hands of strangers. She could tell the men from the women. Some of the hands were soft and touched her delicately. Others were rougher - stronger. Combined, they were simply divine. 

Once her panties were off, Sue could feel one of the women lightly tracing a slow roundabout path toward her cunt. She wanted so badly for her to get there quickly, to slip a finger inside. Sue opened her legs wider and thrust her herself toward the hand, urging her tormentor to do just that. Her efforts were rewarded as a slim finger slid gently into her wet pussy, then out again and in again.

Ron watched with great interest as one of the women began finger fucking his wife. Sue was obviously enjoying it as she had drawn her legs up and spread her knees to open her pussy wide. A third woman stepped forward and pulled a tank top over her head to expose her round full tits. She leaned over Sue and began dragging those magnificent melons across her body, upward toward her head before stopping with one dangling just over his wife's lips. She took that breast in her hand and guided the nipple to Sue's mouth; she began sucking without hesitation.

He couldn't believe it. Here was his wife living out her wildest fantasy. Two men now held his wife's legs high and wide while a woman fingered her pussy. Each of his wife's nipples was now in a stranger's mouth and his own wife was sucking on one of the nicest sets of tits he had ever seen. Six sets of hands were roaming freely over her flesh. Ron could hardly contain himself and he had to release his cock before his cock released its load.

Sue was in heaven. She couldn't keep count, but there were hands and mouths and tongues all over her body. Virtually every inch of her flesh was being stimulated simultaneously, and it was quickly becoming too much to bear. She felt what was sure to be a massive orgasm rising even without any specific stimulation of her clit. She fought it, hoping to prolong this wonderful feeling as long as possible, but then someone else took the reins from her hands.

She was sure it had been a woman's hand on her pussy. She was so disappointed when the hand was withdrawn. But before the thought even had a chance to truly register, the fingers were replaced with a tongue which slid slowly from the flesh just below her pussy between her lips and up to her clit. With no more than three firm slow flicks of that warm wet tongue across her swollen clit, Sue erupted in a mind-blowing orgasm that caused her body to arch clear of the table and her muscles to tense near the point of cramping. She was thankful she didn't bite down on the nipple in her mouth before releasing it and turning her head to moan aloud in time with each wave of pleasure that raced through her body.

Ron practically came just standing there watching as Sue appeared to experience the most powerful orgasm he had ever seen. He froze there holding his breath, his hard cock jutting forward and dripping onto the floor, as he waited for her climax to run its course. The people around the table slowed their efforts and stood back to admire their work as Sue quivered and whimpered her way toward completion. Several chattered congratulatory remarks and looked toward Ron seeking his approval. Sue sat up and began to remove the blindfold before Ron quickly stepped forward to stop her and ease her back to the table. He leaned down to whisper into her ear and a slow smile spread across Sue's face as he did so.

Ron thanked the group for their participation and then explained the next phase of his plan, hoping that everyone would be willing to contribute just a little more of their time to help him pull it off. Once he had their agreement, Ron assisted Sue off the table, positioning her beside it and bent forward at the waist so that her torso rested on the vinyl while her tits dangled over the far side. He urged her feet apart and then ran his hand up the inside of her thigh to her cunt, spreading and lubricating her lips with her own juices. Ron nodded to his group of volunteers and they moved forward.

Ron had just whispered that there was more to come without telling her exactly what, but after that spectacular orgasm Sue was in a very compliant mood. She wasn't exactly sure what was coming next, but she wondered if it might not be more than she had bargained for. When Ron bent her over the table and spread her legs like that, she had almost balked. As soon as someone began playing with her tits, any such nonsense left her mind.

A man moved to stand at her head. She knew it was a man because she could feel a meaty prick slide casually across her cheek when he leaned forward to begin massaging her shoulders. Next, a woman's tits pressed into the small of Sue's back as she leaned down to spread Sue's ass. At that moment, Sue was pretty sure she had figured out what was coming next.

Ron admired the scene; it was pretty much as he had imagined it, with Sue bent over, ass held high and spread wide, her pussy on display and ready for use. He stepped forward and ran his fingers once again between her wet lips and then nodded to the man standing next to him.

The fingers that had just left her pussy were immediately replaced with a hard cock. Sue wasn't sure who it belonged to, but quickly decided that it didn't really matter. Ron was in charge and if he wanted to let another man fuck her, then she could live with it, too. She would be a good wife and let these nice people use her however Ron wanted them to. Besides, this all felt too good to stop now. After a few seconds of probing and tentative thrusting, the cock was firmly buried deep in her pussy.

The woman gripping her ass cheeks began pushing her back against her lover with greater speed and force with each new thrust from behind. Sue was startled when the woman worked a finger down and inserted it into her ass to begin moving it in time with the cock in her cunt, but as she relaxed the sensation of being penetrated in both holes grew more and more pleasant.

Ron watched from beside the table as Sue was being impaled by a stranger while four others used hands and mouths in various ways on her body. The last remaining non-participant was the brunette with the great tits his wife had been sucking just a few minutes earlier. He knew exactly where he wanted her to get involved, and when he made his wishes known he was pleased at her eager agreement. As requested, she stepped next to the man standing between Sue's legs, reaching one hand behind and between his legs to fondle his swinging balls and reaching under Sue with the other to search out her clit.

When a hand snaked under her stomach toward her pussy, Sue immediately arched her ass and further spread her legs in eager anticipation. She was quickly rewarded with the incredible feeling of having her clit expertly manipulated by very skilled fingers. That sensation alone was pretty overwhelming, but in combination with the cock stuffing her cunt and everything else that was being done to her she knew she wouldn't last long.

After just two or three minutes, Ron could see that his efforts were having the desired effects. Sue was clearly on the verge of orgasm and it was time to step in. With a smile, he tapped out the man fucking his wife and took his place by sliding his cock deep into her well-fucked pussy. The brunette didn't miss a beat as she took up massaging his balls. After just a handful of thrusts, Ron could feel his wife's pussy begin to clench his prick in rapid spasms.

Ron pushed deep into Sue and held still as she orgasmed. With the thought of what she was experiencing and her pussy clenching that way, it took everything he had to hold back on having his own. When she appeared to be spent, he began fucking her again, slowly and gently. When his time came, he pulled his cock out. But before he could take himself in hand, the woman who had been holding Sue's ass reached forward to take hold of his prick herself. She smiled as she stroked him to his own spectacular orgasm, directing the stream of his cum between Sue's ass cheeks.

When Sue had recovered enough to again become cognizant of what was going on outside the confines of her own skin, her first sensation was of warm thick cum spurting against her asshole and running slowly down toward her pussy. It was a lot of cum, and it felt so good; practically a soothing balm for her well-used cunt.
