 I was fed up – really fed up. Which was sad really, as this was my first day back at work after my holiday! Not that it had turned out to be much of holiday. It was my own fault really – what on earth had made me book a fortnight in Spain, at short notice, with a girl I'd met only a few days before? I should have known better – we'd only been there three days and she'd found herself a Spanish waiter to have fun with, leaving me on my own. Still it could have been worse - at least I had a tan now!

I laughed at myself, shaking my head as I headed towards the office I would be working at for the next two days. In fact, it was a training company I used to work at before I became freelance. Now they had me back to give a few courses a month. I brightened up a little at the thought of going back, as it did at least mean that I'd see Rachel. I perked up even more at the thought of Rachel – the one that had got away!

Rachel and I went back a few years – to when she'd started work at that company about four years ago. She would have been about twenty then, a couple of years younger than me. I was besotted with her from the first moment I set eyes on her. Not only was she gorgeous, but bright and funny with it. The only trouble was she had a boy friend and I had a girlfriend – nothing serious, but enough.

So, while we flirted like mad, and really enjoyed each others company, nothing had really come of it. The closest we had got was about eighteen months ago, a week or so before I left the company to set up in business on my own as an IT Trainer. At the time, both of us were "single", having broken off with whatever boyfriend and girlfriend had been around at the time.

I had agreed to take part in a sponsored swim, mainly because I knew that Rachel was a really good swimmer and would be there as well. Somehow, the thought of her in a swimming costume was simply irresistible – and I wasn't disappointed. The one piece costume she had chosen to wear clung to every inch of her body. It was cut high on her legs, and really showed off her long legs and ass. The top half seemed to be moulded to her large, firm breasts.

We were in teams of four, and the idea was to do as many lengths of the pool as we could in three hours – the more we did, the more money we would raise. I set off first and swam for a while, after which Rachel was to take over from me. I remember touching the edge of the pool at the end of my stint, and then looking up to see Rachel diving in over the top of me.

In those fleeting seconds, I took in the sight of her wonderful body, stretched out above me before she hit the water with barely a splash. Her legs looked impossibly long, the strong muscles of her thighs clearly visible, her calves shaped by the way she pointed her feet as she dived. Her belly was taut, her breasts pushing against the thin material of her costume, her shape of her nipples clearly visible, her arms stretched out above her head, her long brown hair flowing behind her.

Despite the coldness of the water, my cock reacted to the sight of her, stiffening in my trunks. I stayed in the water as long as I dare, praying for my bulge to go down, wishing I that I'd worn swimming shorts instead of trunks. I scrambled out of the pool just before Rachel reached that end of the pool again. I grabbed a towel and quickly sat down, holding the towel in my lap.

After that, I sat watching the rest of her stint, unable to take my eyes off of her. When she finished, she came across to me, a towel in her hand. She reached up and rubbed her hair, her breasts pushing forward as she moved. Her nipples were rock hard from the cold water, and pressing against her costume. I groaned to myself, unable to drag my eyes away.

"You okay, Dave," she asked, "What you looking at?"

I looked up guiltily, embarrassed at having been caught. She looked down at her own nipples.

"Oh," she grinned, "I see."

"Sorry," I blurted, my face bright red, "But you are looking gorgeous."

The words just tumbled out, my face getting redder and redder.

"You don't look so bad yourself," she told me frankly, looking me up and down. 

Suddenly I glowed at her compliment, thankful that I had persevered at the gym, thankful that I still had a bit of the previous summer's tan left.

After that, we stayed close together all evening when we weren't swimming, chatting and laughing, feeling at ease in each other's company as always. After the swim was over, we headed for the bar with the other teams. Rachel had taken my arm, pressing against me as we walked, her breasts firm and warm through her thin top, her legs long and tanned under her short skirt.

We had done well in the swim, and had stayed in the bar for a long time to celebrate. By the time people started to drift away, Rachel was well on the way to being drunk. I'd had too much to drink as well, so we had staggered outside and looked for a taxi. Rachel had given the driver her address, and then snuggled up to me. It seemed so natural, so right, for me to turn to her, for us to kiss, our tongues playing over each other. 

Once we got back to her flat, I had pulled her into my arms, kissing her harder, my cock rising up against her. She had pushed me away with a giggle, saying that she needed to go to the bathroom. She pointed me towards the lounge, telling me where I would find some wine. I had found the wine straightaway, and had poured a couple of glasses before putting some quiet music on.

After waiting for what seemed like ages, I called out to Rachel. Getting no reply, I went looking for her, thinking – hoping – that she was perhaps waiting for me in her bedroom. She was – except that she was sprawled out on the bed fast asleep. I groaned, and then smiled ruefully to myself, before easing her shoes off and covering her up. I was so tempted to undress her, but left her be. I squeezed onto the bed next to her and was soon asleep.

I woke up the next morning with a raging hard on. I looked around, but Rachel was gone. I went out to the kitchen and found her fully dressed. She had clearly been up for a while, despite her obvious hangover. I went over to her, but she held her hands out, pushing me away.

"Dave... no," she started, "It was for the best nothing happened... it didn't did it?... lets not change things..."

The words just tumbled out. Perhaps it was for the best, although my cock told me otherwise. And that was that. The next day at work had been a bit difficult, but I had left the next week and hadn't seen her for a couple of months after that. But then I'd started training back at my old firm, and had started to see her quite often. Now, we were "just good friends". I wanted it to be more, much more than that, but I knew that Rachel didn't.

I put these thoughts to the back of my mind, and tried to concentrate on the course I was giving. It was pretty basic, and only lasted two days. The last I had heard, there were only six people on it, which would make it fairly easy for me. The main problem with this course was that it was boring – the sort of course people went on because they needed the certificate for being there rather than anything else.

I wandered into reception, and was immediately greeted by Rachel with a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. As always, she looked stunning. Her long hair flowed back over her shoulders, while the short red skirt and white tee shirt really suited her tan. I let go of her, and we chatted for a few minutes. I told her briefly about my holiday, and she gave me an "I told you so look". To be fair, she had warned me of what might happen!

After that, it was down to business. She told me that two students had dropped out, so that my class was down to four. They were all waiting, so I grabbed a coffee, and headed down to the training room.

The room was designed for twelve students, in three rows of four. As I walked in, with a bright "Good morning" I saw that there were three blokes sat in the front row, and one girl in the back. I quickly introduced myself, and explained about the content of the course. As I spoke, I wrote the agenda for the next two days up on the whiteboard. I then asked them to introduce themselves to the class. I sat back and listened carefully, as these bits of information always helped me.

I invited one of the blokes in the front row to go first. He stood up, and spoke quietly. His name, he told us, was Mark. I then found out that these three were from out of town, and all worked for the same company, in the same department. The others were Lee and Jack. Lee was a tall, well built coloured guy, who was clearly the most confident of the three. Mark was tall and quiet, while Jack was loud and stocky.

They all turned to look at the girl as she stood up. I already knew that her name was Emma from the list Rachel had given me. She was quite short, probably only a little over five feet tall. She was delightfully curvy, and I had a job dragging my eyes away from her. Like the others, she was probably a year or so younger than me.

Her short hair was jet black, and framed her very pretty face. She was wearing a short denim skirt, which showed off her slender legs. Above that, she wore a long baggy jumper which hid a lot of things, but which left a lot of promise! Emma was from out of town as well, so would have been booked into the same hotel as the others by Rachel.

After that, I got on with the course. As I expected, it was quite boring, although they all stuck to their tasks well. The only bright spot for me was Rachel bringing in the coffee mid way through the morning. As it was such a small class, she told us that she would be looking after us personally. I looked at her as she told us this, wishing that she would look after me! I blushed when she returned my look, sure that she knew exactly what I was thinking!

At lunch time, the students were all sent off to a local restaurant. I finished my preparations for the afternoon session, and then went to have a snack with Rachel. By the time the others got back, I was waiting in the class room for them.

Emma came back first, and my eyes nearly popped out of my head as I watched her stand at the back of the class and pull her jumper off over her head. As she stretched, her skirt rode up even more, showing off her tanned thighs. But it was her breasts, threatening to burst out of her tight vest top as she dragged her jumper over her head, which really caught my eye. I had thought she was curvy, and she was, but voluptuous might be a better word for her. One thing was certain - everything was definitely in the right place!

I dragged my eyes away from her as the others returned. For the next half an hour or so, I continued working through the course material, before setting them a task to do on their own for an hour. The room was quiet for the next twenty minutes or so, as they all got on with their work. I looked around from time to time, but as everything seemed to be okay, I left them to get on with it.

But then something changed with Emma at the back of the room. I wasn't sure what, but decided it was time I took a look at what they had all done so far. I walked quietly towards Emma. But didn't hear me coming, as she was so engrossed with what was on her screen in front of her. She didn't realise that I was stood next to her until I gasped at what she was watching.

The screen was dominated by a girl – a naked girl. She was on all fours, her breasts swaying beneath her. Behind her, there was a muscular coloured guy, who was driving his huge cock into her cunt as fast as he could. In front of her, another guy was feeding his cock into her mouth, his hand holding her head as he fucked her.

My first thought was ridiculous – how had she got the video through our firewall? But then all I saw was the changing image in front of me. I watched for a few seconds, aware of how hard my cock was, aware of Emma looking up at me. For the first time I looked at her. I saw how flushed her face was, I saw the desire, the lust, in her eyes. And I saw how her skirt had ridden high up on her thighs, and how her hand was rubbing at her pussy.

Her eyes moved from mine and down to the huge bulge in the front of my jeans. I watched her other hand move, as if in slow motion, away from the computer mouse she had been holding and across to me. We both gasped as she rubbed the front of my jeans, and then squeezed my bulge.

In those few moments, we were oblivious to all else, not really caring where we were. I watched her hand caressing my cock through my jeans, her eyes closed, her mouth open as her tongue flicked across her lips, her other hand still on her pussy. All of the pent up frustrations of my holiday, of seeing Rachel again, of the video, of Emma, blinded me to all else as I reached down and cupped her firm breast in my hand, her nipple pressing back against me.

Emma opened her eyes slowly, moaning softly, not caring what was going on around her as I rubbed her swollen nipple. It felt so hard, so sensitive, it was if her bra and top weren't even there. She turned her chair so that she was facing me, her face level with my cock. Without even bothering to look around, she deftly undid my button, eased my zip down, and dragged my cock out into the open.

As my cock disappeared into her open mouth, her other hand reached for my balls. I leant forward, reaching down to push my hand between her thighs, feeling her heat and wetness. I pulled her soaking knickers to one side, and pushed a finger deep inside her, my other hand going around to the back of her head to pull her to me, to push my cock deeper into her mouth..

It was the deep groan that she let out that woke the others up to what was happening. Even though it was muffled against my cock, there was no mistaking the sound as it echoed around the almost silent room. I glanced up as I heard gasps and then whispering from the others, and then the sound of chairs turning, of them getting up, of the three of them crossing the room towards us.

By now, we were both past caring. My cock was deep inside her mouth, the whole thick shaft slick where her lips had been sliding up and down it, her red lipstick smeared along my length. I was sliding two fingers deep into her body, her hot, wanton pussy wrapped around them, her juices flooding from her.

Lee, Jack and Mark watched all of this opened mouthed. Lee recovered first, looked at Mark and pointing at the window. While Mark closed the blinds, Lee and Jack quickly pushed the computers on the nearest table to one side, leaving it clear, their intentions obvious.

Emma was watching them now, my cock still in her mouth, one hand wrapped around it, sliding up and down. I looked down at her, suddenly scared for her, but she just nodded, her eyes bright with sheer lust. She knew exactly what was coming – and she wanted it.

Lee had moved behind her now, and we all watched as he reached down and dragged her top up. My cock sprung from her mouth, her top dragging across it as he pulled it roughly over her head. Her breasts were threatening to burst out of her lacy bra, her nipples showing hard and dark through the flimsy material. I pulled her to her feet, the others crowding around her, her skirt being almost ripped down and off her. 

Mark tugged the straps of her bra down as Jack tore her lacy knickers away from her body. Lee immediately reached for her firm ass, leaning forward to press himself against her as he caressed her cheeks. Her breasts had tumbled out as her bra straps had been pulled down her arms. I reached forward, cupping her breasts in my hands, feeling her hard nipples against the palms of my hands as her bra was roughly pulled from her.

Emma stood naked in front of us. I wasn't the only one who moaned as we looked her up and down, taking in her big, firm breasts, her rock hard nipples, her flat belly, her deliciously curvy hips, her rounded ass. But I was the only one whose cock was jutting out, thick and hard, the only one that Emma reached for before speaking to us.

"Fuck me," she whispered, her voice husky and laden with sex, "Fuck me, all of you, fuck me".

She was almost dragged across to the table that had been cleared, but was more than happy to lay back, her feet right on the edge, her knees drawn up to expose her pussy. I stepped between her legs, quickly pushing my jeans and boxers down my legs and kicking them to one side as I dragged my shirt over my head. 

She watched me, looking me up and down, looking at my tanned body. I looked down. Her pussy was partially shaved, with just a patch of black hair at the top of her slit. Her lips were red and engorged, the skin white and naked around them. Her clit was standing out, begging for attention. She raised her hips off the table, offering me a quick glimpse.

"Fuck me," she repeated.

I stepped forward and drove my cock into her in one long, hard thrust. She cried out as I grabbed her hips and pulled my cock almost out of her, her breasts bouncing as I plunged it back into her, deeper and harder.

Around me, clothes were flying everywhere as the others fought to join in. I looked around me, glad that I had kept myself fit as I took in the sight of them. They all worked out, and it showed. My eyes were drawn to their cocks as they waved in front of them. Mark's was like him, long and thin, while Jack's thick cock matched his stocky frame. But it was Lee we all looked at.

I'd always thought my cock was a good size, and at eight inches, and thick with it, I suppose it is, but Lee was something else. He was a good inch, if not two, longer than me, and even thicker. His skin was peeled back to reveal the plum coloured head. Even that was big, like a huge mushroom. The others were looking at Lee as well, and so Emma's eyes followed ours.

She gasped when she saw Lee at the side of her, his cock only inches away from her as he stepped forward. She reached out, pulling those last few inches towards her as she twisted her head. I drove my cock into her again, reaching deeper inside her as she tried to suck Lee into her mouth. She sucked his head into her mouth, her tongue lashing over him, his cock visibly twitching. 

Mark and Jack moved to the side of her as well, their cocks in their hands, stroking and wanking themselves. They both reached for Emma's large breasts, just as she reached out for their cocks, taking over from them.

Emma was crying out now, from Lee's cock fucking her mouth, from mine pumping into her cunt, from the feel of the two cocks in her hands, from the hands and mouths on her nipples and breasts and anywhere else we could reach. Her head was rocking from side to side, her teeth grating over Lee as he struggled to keep his cock in her mouth.

A deep flush rose up her body as she tensed, and then came, a loud, animal cry escaping from her mouth despite Lee's cock as her orgasm tore through her. I fucked her hard, driving my cock into her as my balls tightened and then drove me cum into her. I held her, pulling her to me as I buried my cock deep inside her and sent jet after jet of thick cum into her pussy to mix with her hot juices.

As soon as I had cum, Mark pulled his cock away from Emma's hand and moved to take my place. He almost pushed me to one side in his haste, his cock in his hand, dripping with pre cum. He slid into her easily, and I watched as her pussy lips held him, sucking him into her. Seconds later, Lee came, Emma almost gagging as his cum poured into her mouth.

Once Lee had finished, Emma twisted her head the other way, and pulled Jack into her mouth. I leant back against the table next to them, my cock in my hand, watching as Mark and Jack fucked her, one in her cunt and one in her mouth. Lee was next to me, his huge cock still hard. It was if we were waiting our turn again.

I still couldn't believe that this was happening, let alone where it was happening. I stepped across to Emma again, leaning over to suck a taut nipple into my mouth. I sucked on her hard, rubbing her nipple against the roof of my mouth with my tongue, feeling her body rocking under me as she was fucked from both ends.
