 Hey everyone. I just have a short episode for you today, but hopefully it will hold you over until I get the next part finished. Enjoy, and have a great day! Erotick Writer

********************************************

Hi again! Good to see you. Sorry to leave you hanging last time. I know exactly how that feels. Boy, do I know how that feels!

Let's see, where did I leave off? Oh yeah, we had just finished taking pictures, and Kelly had just gone down on Monica right in the park! That was one uncomfortable walk back to the car, let me tell you. I was so turned on I almost felt like I had a fever, and after the unfinished blowjob in the tee-shirt shop I was aching. Talk about leaving a guy hanging – my poor balls felt like baseballs dangling down between my legs, and I seemed to have a perpetual erection now, rubbing against my shorts as I walked. It was a decidedly uncomfortable stroll, but I didn't mind too much.

Once we were back in the car and headed home, the dazed, overwhelmed excitement turned to animated chatter as Monica and Kelly began recounting their favorite parts of our outing. They started looking through the pictures on the LCD screen of the digital camera, Monica occasionally turning to the back seat to show Kelly a particularly nice image. I could tell by their comments that they liked what they saw.

"Oh my god!" Monica exclaimed, evidently arriving at the series showing her and Kelly in the park together. "I had no idea I looked so..." There was a long pause, and I was afraid she was going to be critical of how she looked or something, but then she continued "...I look so exposed! Jesus, there I am playing with my nipples for all the world to see! I didn't even know I was doing that!" 

She showed each image to Kelly, incredulous and excited at the brazen exhibitionism she had just played a starring role in, astounded to be seeing it through the voyeur's eyes, now. 

"Oh my goodness, Tony, you got a shot of her face as she's licking my pussy!!"She tried to show me, but I had to focus on driving, which was hard enough when I was just listening to them. Turning the screen back to Kelly, she said "You're so beautiful here! And it's so frigging hot!"

"Look there!" Kelly blurted, pointing at the screen. "Look, off to the edge there – people are standing and watching! You didn't tell us people were watching, Mr. Mac! You were supposed to be on lookout!"

"I was on lookout," I answered, really wanting to see the photo now, "but it was hard to keep an eye everywhere. I was distracted! Besides, if they weren't causing any problems and were far enough away, I didn't think it was a big deal."

It was obviously a big deal, but not in a bad way. Monica kept talking about how exciting it was to think of people watching while she had her first experience with a woman, and how sexy Kelly looked stretched out on her belly between her legs. Then they started talking about what it was like for Kelly to taste pussy for the first time, and how different it felt, and...

They were driving me crazy!! Crazy with lust.

"Hey, you two are killing me here. I am in serious distress, my nuts feel like they are about to explode..." As I said that, I felt a sudden, irrational wave of embarrassment about talking that way in front of Kelly, but I plodded on. "...my nuts feel like they are about to explode, and you guys talking about how amazing it was, is just torture."

Monica chuckled at my outburst, and I felt my face flush with shame. Here I was, whining about one of my life's most amazing sexual experiences. It really was torture, but it was exquisite torture.

Knowing me well, Monica caught my embarrassment immediately and decided to play. "Aw, poor Tony." She poured on the sarcasm, teasing me by using a baby-talk voice. "Is my little Tony all hot and bothered?" As she said that, she ran her fingers up my thigh, pushing the leg of my shorts up, stopping on my inner thigh just short of my groin. I let out a moan. 

"What do you think, Kelly," Monica continued in the baby talk voice, "should we take a little mercy on him?" Her hand moved from my thigh to my throbbing cock, brushing over it ever so lightly. "Or should we continue to torture him?" With that, she sat facing me and traced her fingertips over her own nipples, bringing them to attention beneath the fabric of her blouse and then tugging them playfully. I heard Kelly giggle in the back seat.

"It sure is kind of fun to torture him, Mrs. Mac," Kelly said, leaning forward and breathing right in my ear. "On the other hand, he's been so good to me." She said these words in a grown-up-little-girl voice reminiscent of Marilyn Monroe, and then she traced the outline of my ear with her wet, pink tongue, causing me to gasp out loud. Continuing in the teasing Marilyn voice, she added, "I just want to make sure he's still able to fuck my tight ass when we get back to the house..."

The crude language was a shock, especially delivered in that tiny voice, and I must have shown the surprise in my face, because both ladies laughed.

"Well, I know my Tony," Monica replied,"and I think we can count on him to deliver when we get home. Isn't that right, dear?"

"Yeah!" I breathed heavily, seeing sweet relief in sight. "Yeah, I'll be ready." Afraid I had assumed too much, and they were still just teasing me, I added, "Please?! I hurt so bad. Please? I promise I'll be ready."

Monica leaned over from the passenger side, and I thought she was about to kiss my neck or my ear, but instead she kissed Kelly. I was trying to drive down the freeway and was being driven nearly insane by the wet sound of their kisses. It was like someone eating a juicy peach right next to my ear, and I could feel the heat of their bodies and breath, despite the air conditioning. As of one mind, they moved their kiss closer to my ear and seamlessly began nibbling and nuzzling my neck and earlobe together. My cock was so hard and throbbing from electric fire flowing through me that I thought I might cum just from their lips on my skin. I felt ridiculous, like a teenager about to blow his load at the mere thought of a blowjob from the prom queen, but the afternoon had me that excited.

Monica kept licking and kissing my neck, and Kelly reached over the console and started to rub her hand over my chest and the strained fabric of my shorts. Monica unbuttoned my shirt and let Kelly run her fingers over my chest and nipples until they were perky and hard, and then she bent forward, licking and sucking them. Kelly began to rhythmically rub my cock through my shorts. The friction was almost painful, but it was also enormously stimulating.

In fact, it was so stimulating I realized I was just about to cum. 

"No, no! Stop! I'm gonna cum in my shorts!" I grunted as I tried to squirm away from the ladies' touch. "I'll make a mess!"

I looked over at Monica, and knew right away I had opened myself up for more teasing, because she had the most evil, fun smile I've ever seen spread across her face.

"Oh," she said with syrupy mock concern, "I guess Tony doesn't need to cum that bad after all, if he's worried about his silly shorts! Too bad, I was kind of hungry." She gave a teasing pout, and I just shook my head in exasperation. I was seriously frustrated, but I was also really enjoying the playing and teasing.

"I guess we're on our own," Monica said, turning to look at Kelly again. 

Kelly slid over to the passenger side of the back seat, right behind Monica. Playing along, she said, "That's OK, Mrs. Mac, I think we can take care of ourselves." With that, she leaned forward and licked my wife's ear and neck as she had so recently done to me. She reached around the seat, fondling Monica's breasts and playing with the buttons on her blouse, slowly unbuttoning them as she kissed and nibbled. Just to drive me even crazier, she said "I sure wish you could go down on me right now, Mrs. Mac. I haven't felt your tongue on my pussy, yet."

Both women's hands began to wander and soon they were each fingering themselves, Monica with her skirt hiked up and Kelly with her tiny shorts unbuttoned again. Monica was leaned back in her seat, and Kelly was still caressing and kissing her hair and ears. Monica reached back over her shoulder with the hand that wasn't buried in her pussy, petting Kelly's hair. For her part, Kelly kept playing with Monica's exposed breasts with her free hand. Without thinking of it, I hand began touching myself too, trying to watch the girls and the road simultaneously.

I was startled by the sound of a horn, and swerved a little bit as I jumped, thinking maybe I had drifted out of my lane. It turns out a couple of teenage girls had pulled alongside and noticed Monica and Kelly going at it. They were laughing and gesturing, giving the thumbs up and poking pink tongues between v-shaped fingers, the universal sign for eating pussy. We all just kind of laughed and waved, and they drove on, but it kind of shocked me out of my daydream, and I was thankful it wasn't a cop.

I was no less turned on though, and I was thinking I really wasn't going to get the attention I wanted before we got home. We were only ten or fifteen minutes away, and I found myself getting into a bit of a funk, in spite of myself. 

The girls seemed to notice and take pity on me. Monica leaned over and said "Poor Tony," this time with some real sympathy mixed with the playfulness. She started playing with my chest again and unbuttoned my overworked shorts, letting my cock spring free at last. 

At the sight of my rod, Kelly reached up between the seats and said, "Oooo, let me!" and began to stroke me. She tugged in long strokes, gripping tightly so my skin moved along with her hand, stretching it taught at each extreme and stimulating my balls with the movement. I couldn't have done better myself.

Monica continued to caress my chest, occasionally dipping her head to lick my sensitive nipples, other times nibbling my ear. She whispered, "Tell me when you're going to cum. I really am hungry." I knew it wouldn't be long after that.

I struggled to keep control of the car as I approached climax, finding it harder and harder to pay attention to my speed and too befuddled to set the cruise control. I felt myself cumming at last in a huge rush, and I said "OK, now!" just moments before I began to jet. Monica took me in her mouth as Kelly expertly jerked me to completion, carefully milking every last drop into Monica's waiting mouth. As I rode the wave of sensation down from its crest, I realized I had slowed down to about forty-five miles per hour, so I quickly corrected and brought the car back of to the speed limit. I watched as Monica sat up from my lap. She had already swallowed my seed but turned to kiss Kelly with the taste of my semen fresh on her lips. I moaned in a state of ecstasy, relief and endorphins flooding my bloodstream.

The rest of the trip home was a complete blur. The next thing I knew, I was parking the car in the garage. Kelly and Monica were out of the car in a flash, but I was moving kind of slowly. Despite my bragging about always being ready, I was feeling a little drained, no pun intended.

When I got to the kitchen, the ladies were getting cold drinks from the fridge and offered me one, too. I took it gratefully, and we all headed for the living room. To my surprise and delight, Kelly began stripping out of her clothes right away, and went over to open the curtains all the way.

"God, I love the sunshine!" she purred as the rays bathed her small, slim body. 

I thought again about what it was going to feel like to take her in that tiny, tight bottom, and the stirring in my pants reassured me I would be ready, after all.

"Kelly, what if your family sees us through the window?" Monica asked, a bit of excitement grappling with the nervousness in her voice.

"I don't think they will," Kelly said, glancing back out the window, "and I'm willing to take the chance, anyway!" I thought I saw her eyes dart to the upstairs window, but I couldn't be sure.

And with that, she emptied the bag of toys we had bought, and began choosing something to play with...

Sadly, I'll have to continue another time. Sorry for the short visit today, but I'll be back as soon as I can. What happened next was totally mind-blowing!! See you soon.