 Author note: Apologies for the title, but I couldn't think of anything else! No disrespect to great cinema intended.

*****

Sarah turned up the AC in the car as the July sun beat down on the highway. It was still early afternoon so it was only going to get hotter. She stretched her arms out in front of her and looked over at her husband behind the wheel. Sarah and Nick were nearly at their destination, their vacation home, a cabin on the Okanagan Lake in British Columbia.

She sighed. The tension knotting her neck and shoulders had started to melt as the mountains receded and the lake valley came into view. She and Nick deserved this trip, she thought. They had both been working long hours for most of the year, she as a mechanical engineer, he as an accountant, and this vacation was long overdue. Married just two years after a year and a half of dating, they had finally worked through some of the kinks that come with a new marriage and were at a stage of truly enjoying each other. They had the usual spats that happen when living with another person, but both Sarah and Nick were, for the most part, happy. 

Driving through Kelowna they passed other tourists, young families and elderly retirees eating ice cream and enjoying the summer heat. Sarah liked being in town, but was glad their cabin was further up the lake, outside the hustle and bustle. Some private time on the beach was just what she needed.

"Almost there, babe," Nick said, smiling over at her. Sarah smiled back at her husband. She loved looking at his profile. With a strong nose and jawline and side part haircut, he looked almost like a caricature of a 1950's TV dad. Being an accountant probably didn't help the stereotype. Nick was a little bit like that, though, she thought. But, she admonished herself, if having a kind, handsome and practical husband is the worst of my problems, life isn't that bad.

***

Everything seemed ship-shape at the cabin, a modest 3 bedroom with a vaulted living room, loft and a luxurious bathroom with a Jacuzzi off the master bedroom. But the crown jewel of the cabin was that it had its own dock and a small beach framed by hedges. Sarah and Nick knew they were very lucky to have the property. They didn't advertise the fact, but the cabin was a gift from Nick's parents. Sarah's in-laws were incredibly generous, along with being incredibly wealthy, and when they decided to build a larger cabin on their property up the lake, the old cabin became a wedding present to their youngest son and his new bride. The larger cabin would have enough rooms for Nick's whole family, his brothers and their wives and children, but Sarah and Nick were glad to have their own getaway vacation spot. There were neighbors down the road on either side, but after driving by, it seemed they were the only ones there. 

"Woo! Par-tay!" Sarah crowed, making devil horn signals with her fingers and hooting. "We got this part of the lake to ourselves!"

"Oh yeah, you're such a badass," Nick teased. "Not much of a party if it's just the two of us for the weekend."

"Well, we did bring a whole lot of alcohol."

"That's because you're an insatiable lush who can drink men twice her size under the table."

"I'm insatiable...but not necessarily for booze." Sarah waggled her eyebrows at Nick. He laughed. 

"Keep it in your pants for now, Groucho, we still gotta unload the car." 

"Always so practical," Sarah sighed dramatically. "Aye aye, cap'n!" 

Sarah and Nick partially unpacked their suitcases, and all the food and alcohol for the weekend had been put in the cupboards and refrigerator. 

Nick yawned. "I'm exhausted!" he said sank down on the bed. "The driving, the unpacking, it's just too much." He flopped backward dramatically. 

"Oh, poor baby," Sarah cooed. "So tired." She sat beside him and slid her hand up his thigh. "I was going to suggest another activity, but if you're too tired..."

"Hang on, hang on," Nick said, sitting up. "What activity did you, uh, have in mind?" He slowly leaned toward Sarah and nipped her earlobe. She squealed.

"Nick!" She scooted closer toward him on the bed and rested against his shoulder, picking up his hand in hers. She took a moment before speaking. "Well, we've been so busy lately, we haven't had a lot of time for just...us." She took a deep breath. "I was hoping that this weekend would allow us to get, you know, reacquainted?" She glanced at him and smiled. Sarah was surprised to feel a flutter of nervousness in her stomach. The words were a little teasing, but they were also true.

"I know, babe, I've felt it, too." Nick raised their clasped hands to his lips and kissed her knuckles. "I don't ever want to forget that you're the reason I work so hard." 

"I feel the same way," Sarah said. "I'm glad it's just us, with time to reconnect. No work, no family, no responsibilities. Just you and me." She turned to face her husband and pulled him to her in a tight embrace, feeling the muscles of his back. They kissed lightly, then slower, deeper. Nick paused and inhaled, drinking in the smell of perspiration, soap and the light musky scent that was unique to his wife.

"Mmmmmm," Sarah exhaled. "God, I've missed you." Then she kissed him fiercely, plunging her tongue into his mouth, twining, tasting, and exploring. Nick responded in kind, stroking her back. Sarah felt heat begin to flame in her groin, and pressed herself against Nick. He slowly pushed her back on the bed, lying half on her, and began running his free hand up her hip to her waist and back. He buried his face in her neck licking and nipping and kissing the spot he knew sent fire coursing through her body. Sarah groaned as his hand rested on her breast, his thumb expertly circling her nipple through her t-shirt and bra. Nick pressed his growing dick against her hip, and Sarah revelled in shutting off her mind and surrendering to the sensations flooding her body, and the wetness she could feel beginning between her legs.

"God, babe, you are incredible," she sighed. Nick laughed softly into her neck. 

"Is this all I've gotta do to impress you? Gee, I could have saved myself a lot of time over the past few years." Sarah giggled and rolled him onto his back and with an expert swing of her leg, straddled him in one move. Nick allowed his hands to be pinned above his head. 

"You think you're so funny," she said, a wicked gleam in her eye and a grin on her lips. "I have plans for you this weekend, mister. You better be prepared to do some work." At that she rolled her hips, enjoying feeling Nick's hard dick under her soft and slick folds. He grunted and pressed back toward her.

"In that position it's mostly on you, or do we need to go over the basics?" He loved sparring with her, especially when it came to sex.

"Maybe I need a little instruction," she said with another grin. At that moment, the doorbell rang. Sarah and Nick had been so focused on each other they both started at the noise. 

"Are we expecting your family?" she asked. Nick shook his head.

"Nope, but maybe there was a miscommunication?" He gently rolled Sarah off him and stood, adjusting the crotch of his jeans. "Ahem. I guess we should go check it out."

At the door, instead of a member of Nick's family, a stranger stood on the step. Sarah peered around Nick and was startled. It was a man, tall, incredibly good looking, and he had biceps she could see through his shirt sleeves. With his dark brown skin, muscles, and close cropped hair, he could be in the movies, she thought. His handsome face and strong jaw was enhanced by a short beard. Sarah swallowed. Wow. He was, simply put, a beautiful man.

"Hello," said the stranger, smiling. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything." His voice was deep but mellifluous, and he had a mild English accent. Sarah noted that she and Nick hadn't thought to straighten their hair or clothing much, so it very likely looked as if they had been, well, doing what they were doing.

"Not at all," Nick said, finding his voice. "How can I can help you?"

"My name's Ian." He gestured to his right. "I'm renting the cabin a few doors up for a week and wanted to introduce myself. I saw your vehicle as I drove past. I'm staying alone and I like to say hello to the neighbors when I'm flying solo in case something happens and I need a hand. You know, freak weather, power outages, or worst of all, running out of whisky..." He smiled.

"Of course." Nick extended his hand. "I'm Nick, and this is my wife Sarah." She'd come to stand by her husband. They all shook hands and smiled. Nick provided a brief introduction as to who they were and their occupations. They both commented on the weather forecast for the weekend. Sarah thought that maybe Ian's eyes had rested on her a touch longer than necessary.

"If you don't mind me asking, why is it that you're renting the cabin alone?" Sarah asked. "You say you do this often?" 

"I'm a writer," Ian said with a rueful smile. "When I'm trying to finish a book, I like to find a remote place in a mountain location to really focus."

"You're Ian Fraser! Oh my God!" Nick slapped a hand against his chest, and Sarah had to keep from giggling. "I've read all your books. The Inspector Wraith series." 

Ian gave another rueful smile. "That's me. Trying to beat the clock and finish the next one, my agent isn't accepting any more excuses." 

"That's incredible!" Sarah was pleased to see Nick get so excited about something. He looked almost like a little boy, excitement and eagerness in his eyes. "Look, um," Nick flushed and stammered. "If you, uh, finish your work and you're free later, you'd be more than welcome to join us for dinner." He looked at Sarah with a raised eyebrow, and she nodded slightly. "We were planning on barbecuing, and Sarah makes amazing burgers. But," he added hastily, "if you have plans, completely understandable."

Ian flashed another smile, his teeth contrasting a brilliant white against his handsome, dark complexion. It should be illegal to be so handsome, Sarah thought. "That actually sounds brilliant," he said. "I had planned to find something to eat in town, but I do love the idea of a home cooked meal." 

"Is 8pm too late?" Nick could barely contain his excitement.

"That's perfect. I'll see you then. Thank you for the invitation." Ian strode away, and Sarah made a point of checking how his jeans hung on his hips. They fit very nicely, she noted.

Nick closed the door. "Sarah! Oh my God!" He looked stricken. "We just invited an award winning writer for dinner. With us. Dinner." 

"Yes," she said, cautiously. "That does seem to be what happened." 

"Why aren't you more freaked out?" Nick asked, noting her lack of awe. "Haven't you heard of him?"

"When you mentioned it, I remembered. I just didn't put two and two together at first, I haven't read any of his books. Did you know he was British?" 

"Of course," Nick huffed. "It just didn't occur to me that a celebrity would be in Kelowna of all places, in the cabin next to ours." His eyes widened. "We have to get ready! You make the burgers, I'll get everything else set." He clutched his chest. "What should we wear?" Sarah giggled.

"Did you bring your favourite dress? Should I do your makeup?" 

"Don't make fun." Nick sounded genuinely hurt.

"I'm sorry, sweetie, I'm just teasing. It's just, I've never seen you get so excited about something." She put her arms around his neck. "It's very cute. I'll get the hamburgers made, then I'll shower and freshen up. I want to be sure to impress Mr. Fraser." Nick visibly relaxed and smiled.

"Well, don't impress him too much," he said, dropping a kiss on her nose. 

"Hmmm, I don't know, he looks a bit like that British actor." She grinned. "Idris Elba. You know, the actor that I'd consider leaving you for?" 

"Well, then we have to invite Jennifer Lopez over to level the playing field."

"Touché, mon amour," Sarah said, heading into the kitchen.

***

In the master bedroom, Sarah stripped off her clothes preparing to shower. Burger patties made and a salad nearly prepared, she stretched with the weariness of travel. Nick was chopping wood in the back yard of the cabin. She peered out the bedroom window to see her husband in his t-shirt and jeans rhythmically swinging an ax. She could see the muscles in his arms straining and was surprised to feel a jolt deep in her centre. Secretly watching him while naked was clearly a turn-on. "I'll have to remember that," she thought. 

In the shower her thoughts wandered to the writer coming over for dinner. He did look a lot like that actor. She thought about sitting near two muscled, attractive men during dinner. And then, her mind went somewhere it hadn't before. What would it be like...to be with both of them? At the same time? A flush of heat and sensation flashed between her legs. She braced one hand on the wall of the shower as images tore through her mind. Why hadn't this ever occurred to her? She pictured herself on all fours, with Nick in front of her and the stranger behind her. She groaned.

Her fingers snaked into her pussy and she strummed her clit as the hot water coursed down her body. It didn't take very long for the orgasm to pulse through her, a deep sound bursting out of her throat with "ah, ah, ah". Slowly, she finished showering, standing still in the tub after she'd turned off the water. 

"Oh my god," she said out loud, and exhaled loudly. 

***

Nick had outdone himself. The table on the back patio was set with military precision. He had made an intricate chopped salad, finely dicing an array of vegetables into tiny pieces. The buns for the burgers had been sliced, and toppings were arranged on a platter. Upbeat pop came from a Bluetooth speaker on the counter.

"You've outdone yourself, babe," Sarah said, as she twisted a corkscrew into a cold bottle of rosé. At nearly 8pm, the sun was still high enough in the sky that it was cooler indoors than out. The heat in the Okanagan valley was legendary, and today had been no exception. The AC in the cabin made all the difference, but they would be glad of a cold glass of wine in the heat outside.

"Thanks," Nick said, smiling as he poured a bag of kettle chips into a bowl. "In a parallel universe I'm a Martha Stewart type, tying sachets and baking cakes with rappers." 

"For a straight man, you know a lot about Martha Stewart," Sarah teased. 

"Maybe I just know a lot about Snoop Dogg," he countered, launching into the best rendition of "Drop It Like It's Hot" he could muster. 

"Stop!" Sarah shrieked in mock pain, clapping her hands over her ears. "White man rapping, white man rapping!" Nick grabbed her around the waist from behind and tickled her, growling. She continued to shriek and struggle, giggling the whole time, until she felt something stiff pressing into her back. She stopped struggling and settled back against him, swaying in time to the music. 

"Mmmmmm that feels nice," she sighed. He brought his hands up and cupped her breasts, squeezing. He rubbed his thumbs over her nipples through her t-shirt and bra. She inhaled sharply. Nick began to kiss the back of her neck as he kneaded her breasts, finding the spot that always sent shivers coursing through her entire body. She let out a low moan. He turned her around and pressed her against the kitchen counter, thrusting a leg between her thighs. She ground against him and wrapped her arms around his neck. Kissing deeply, that molten lava feeling was growing in her centre. She began to pant as he pushed his leg harder against her body. She grazed her nails down his chest, feeling a shudder go through him, then worked her fingers into his waistband. With her left hand she gripped his erection through his pants.

"Oh, sorry, I can come back later if you like," a voice came from the doorway. Nick and Sarah stopped abruptly then quickly untangled themselves. Ian stood in the doorway of the kitchen, his smile a combination of sheepishness and a smirk. "The door was open and I did knock." 

"We were a bit...distracted, um, the music as well," Nick said, recovering his cool. "No problem, come in, Mr. Fraser." 

"For goodness sake, man, call me Ian." He smiled that kilowatt smile, and Sarah felt a jolt in her groin. That startled her. He was clearly an incredibly attractive man, but, she reminded herself, she was married. She chalked it up to still being turned on from kissing Nick. She busied herself by finishing opening the bottle of rosé and poured three glasses.

"We're so glad you could join us for dinner. To our guest!" she said, raising her glass and smiling at Ian. 

"To my hosts," he replied, flashing her another smile. The way he looked at her, it made her a little...nervous? Excited? Sarah felt flustered, so she took a large swallow of the cold wine. 

"Were you able to get your writing done this afternoon?" Nick asked.

"I made it a bit further, yes, but I'm a long way from finished I'm afraid." Sarah was taking Ian in, noting his height, his body, his face. Her body reacted to him in a way she never had with a stranger. It was making her unsettled.

"Now that you're here, I'll fire up the barbecue. It won't take long to cook the burgers. Nick, why don't you show Ian around?" She grabbed what she needed and headed out the patio door. She needed to clear her head.

***

Standing over the barbecue in the evening sun was calming for Sarah. The air was beginning to cool and was less oppressive. The view from their backyard was spectacular. The sun was about to hide behind the mountains, but there was still a lot of light. A few people were on the lake in a speedboat, a few more on stand-up paddle boards. She breathed deeply, feeling calmer and less scattered. She loved it here.

The patio door slid open, and Ian emerged carrying a platter of cheese slices. He shut the door behind him. Sarah froze.

"Nick asked me to bring you this," he said as he came toward her. "My god, you have your own private beach!" He surveyed the yard and how it sloped down toward the water, turning from grass to soft sand. 

"Well, it's just a small section, anyone can come through this way but we're lucky we have sand where some people have grass." Sarah finally found her voice, and she flipped the burgers as she spoke, then took the platter from Ian and laid cheese on half. "What made you choose this part of Canada?" 

"I spent some time in Alberta a few years ago in Banff," Ian said. "I'm obsessed with Canadian mountains, and a friend recommended the Okanagan." He gestured in a circle. "She wasn't wrong. It's beautiful, although the heat's a bit much for me." He grinned, and Sarah felt as if her lower belly was melting. "Are you and Nick from this area?"

Sarah explained where they were from and Nick's family's involvement with their cabin. As she spoke, she avoided eye contact with Ian. His presence made her, not exactly nervous, but there was a silent vibration when he was near, one she could feel through her whole body. 

"Well, you're very lucky to have this so close and at the ready," he said, stepping a little closer to the barbecue. 

"Did Nick show you around inside?" she asked, still not looking at him, noticing the shivers on the side of her body as Ian stood near her. "What's he up to?"

"He did, you have a lovely cabin. He's doing something with the food in the kitchen." They were both silent for a moment. 

"I'm sorry for interrupting you twice today," he finally said, rather softly. "I do hope you get to finish what you started at some point." 

Sarah's breath caught in her throat. She started sliding burgers onto the empty platter. 

"I...what do you mean?" she finally said. She dared to glance up at him. The look in his eyes was warm, but there was a glint.

"No one likes getting interrupted when they're about to get it on." He smiled, and, goddamn it, she thought, the molten lava feeling was returning.
