 Introduction 

The Guildford Court Supper Club is a group of neighbors who have been getting together, one Saturday night a month for going on twenty-five years. It all started out back in the early 90's when a group of us moved into the newly built cul-de-sac, as a way to get to know our new neighbors. There were initially three families in the club: Max and Yvette Miller (that's us), Greg and Tammy Barnes, and George and Betty Schmidt. 

As more families moved into the street, we gradually added a few more. We originally capped the group at eight families, but it varied over the years from a low of around six to a peak of eleven couples, including a lesbian couple that lived on the street for a few years.

The idea was simple. Each month a different family would host a supper at their house. The host family would prepare the main dish and provide the beverages. Everybody else would bring an appetizer, side dish or dessert. 

Sometimes there was a theme, but not always. Often, we would tie the dinner parties to holidays, like Mardi Gras or Halloween. There was usually some sort of game or activity to cap off the night. Members took great pride in trying to outdo the ones that came before them. And, there was always massive amounts of alcohol consumed.

I think it was because we could always walk, or stagger home. Over the years, we became closer than neighbors. We're like a big, hybrid multi-home family in many ways. We would come and go from each other's yards and homes regularly. The guys would golf or watch sports together, practically daily. The ladies would go shopping together or go to ladies lunches and girls nights out frequently.

The funny thing is, we never did the kind of typical things you hear about, like "going out with the boys." Other than golfing, the men all stayed home. Now, we would all go out to dinner with our wives or with other couples all the time. You could find a bunch of us hanging out in the front yards or occupying the cul-de-sac with barbecues and loungers. In colder weather, we broke out fire pits, and we would sit outside, drink and socialize.

The ladies, now they would go out fairly often. There was always a women's outing for one of their birthdays or a ladies' "paint and drink wine party," or bunko night, or just the generic "girl's night out." I think the men used to time to play poker, drink beer and chill out.

Now there were a lot of dynamics among the members of the GCSC. Some of the couples were older than us. Some of them were younger than us. Some were conservative Republicans, and others were liberal Democrats. Some were prudish in their behavior, while others were party maniacs. The big thing was, we all got along well. And when Saturday came for dinner club, we all partied pretty damn hard.

It seems the longer the club went on, the harder the partying became. As many of our kids grew up and went off to college and beyond, several of us became empty nesters. That combined with the arrival of a couple of newer, younger families introduced some new dynamics. 

What follows are some of the more provocative stories from the past 25 years.

Chapter 1

Same Floor Plan, Different Husband

Now, our neighborhood is pretty big and reasonably affluent. We're on the upper side of the upper-middle class. We're a long way from wealthy, but we do pretty well. So, our homes are not precisely cookie-cutter, but they're not exactly custom homes. So, there's a fair amount of repetition on some of the floorplans. It just so happens that the house about five doors down from us has the same floor plan as our house.

There was a period of about three years where the people who lived in that house, Jake and Darla Rogers, were in our supper club. They moved away, and the people who came in after them were assholes, so we never invited them to join.

So, one time Jake and Darla were hosting supper club during February, so it had a Valentine's Day theme, with alleged aphrodisiac foods, me mixing up some special Lover's Punch and a lot of drunk people. I was sitting out back by the firepit drinking, and my wife was inside with most of the wives. Yvette was pretty hammered. Every time I went inside, she was working on a new glass of wine. It only took three to get her drunk as she was pretty petite. Before too long, she was curled up on the Rogers' couch sleeping.

As the evening waned, most people left until there were only about three couples left. Jake and I were out back, playing cornhole with Mark Meyers and Darla, Jake's wife. Mark's wife Cindy had just gone and said she would take Yvette home on her way. Mark was sticking around until we finished the game of cornhole. 

If you don't know what cornhole is, I'll give you a quick overview. It's kind of like horseshoes, but instead of big, dangerous metal horseshoes, you toss bean bags. Instead of trying to get them around a pole, you try to get them into the hole on a large box. If you get a bag on top of the box, it's worth one point. If you get it in the hole, it's worth three points. 

Now we'd been playing a game we called "shot in the hole." Anytime you threw your beanbag, and it went in the hole, you could designate a member of the other team who had to drink a shot. Darla and I were partners against Jake and Mark. Darla and I had won the first game and were way ahead in the second. Jake and Mark were both wasted. Mark couldn't even throw the bean bag, and Jake could barely stand. We finally decided to call it over.

I had to help Mark walk home, which was not unusual behavior for Mark. I'd had to help him home several times. I got him inside his front door and helped him collapse on his sofa. I went back by the Rogers to make sure everything was okay. Darla was in the kitchen cleaning up. Jake had been able to stagger to bed on his own. Her house was a mess, so I volunteered to help, but I told her I wanted to run home to check on Yvette then I'd come back.

So, I zipped down the street to my house. It was dark inside. I turned on a few lights and thought about how similar my home was to Darla's. We even had very same furniture. I went into the bedroom, but the bed was empty. That was odd.

I looked around the other side of the bed, in case Yvette had fallen asleep on the floor. She wasn't there. I checked the bathroom. Empty. I went back out and checked the kitchen and family room, nothing. The front bathroom, nope. Then as I stood there wondering, I got a weird thought. What if in her drunken state, Yvette had thought she was at home. She would have gone to bed in the wrong house.

I quickly made my way back to the Rogers and went inside. I didn't need to knock, we rarely did and especially not on Saturday. Darla was still in the kitchen. I told her that Yvette wasn't home and wondered if she might have gotten confused.

"Oh, well Jake went to bed twenty minutes ago," she said, her eyebrows raised, "you think she's in there with him?"

I laughed, thinking there was no way. Then, we both looked at each other and thought, "Oh shit!" and headed to the bedroom. As I opened the door, the sound hit me in the chest. Darla gasped.

The sound was a combination of the rhythmic squeaking of bed springs, the thumping of the headboard on the wall, and the high-pitched whimpers of my wife. I froze in my tracks. The bed was illuminated softly from the light coming out of the bathroom. They were both naked. Jake was on top of Yvette, and her legs were up in the air, her feet around his hips. He had his face buried in the space between her neck and shoulder. He was thrusting hard, steadily, making the bed bounce.

I started to yell, but Darla grabbed my arm and pulled me back out of the door. "Wait," she said, looking at me. "They're both drunk off their asses. I bet they don't even realize."

"What?" I said staring at her, "He's fucking my wife!"

Just then we heard Yvette loudly moan as she started cumming. "And she likes it," Darla said. "Let them finish."

"You gotta be kidding me," I said.

She smiled and pulled me into the bedroom giving me the shush sign. As I stepped back into the little vestibule, I could see them fucking. Yvette was still cumming, but she seemed to be coming down. Jake just kept pumping. I felt hands on my pants and looked down to see Darla unbuttoning and unzipping them. She pulled them down and then jerked my boxers down, exposing my hard cock.

Yvette groaned, but her cries were muffled. I looked to see Jake kissing her, still pumping his cock into my wife. Darla took my dick into her mouth and began sucking me. I couldn't believe what was happening. The sight and sound of my wife being fucked were almost too much. Darla's mouth was driving me to the edge, then she suddenly stopped.

She stood up, turned around and bent over. She was nude from the boobs down. She reached back and gripped my cock, and guided it to her wet pussy. I pushed into her as she shoved herself back. I fucked Darla hard and fast, driven by my urgent need to cum and stimulated by my wife being fucked right in front of me.

I watched as my neighbor was pounding my drunken wife's pussy. Her legs were shaking up and down, in mid-air and her whimpering had become loud wailing. Darla was rocking her body forward and back, hands on the wall and pushing back hard in the small little doorway. I pressed my back against the opposite wall. I pushed back forcing my cock forward into her as she shoved back. It combined to allow my cock to drive in deep and hard, pressing forcefully in a way not easily done without the resistance of the walls to aid us.

Darla looked over her left shoulder at our spouses fucking ten feet away from us. They didn't see us and were not aware we were even there. I'm not even sure that they knew who they were fucking. I hoped not.

Jake let out a loud, deep groan followed by several hard grunts, in a rhythm that matched his thrusting. I watched in shock, knowing he was shooting his cum into my wife's unprotected womb. Darla moaned and shuddered and then started cumming on my cock. I felt her pussy flood around my dick, and I clenched down hard, trying not to scream. I thrust hard and held my cock there, fully embedded inside her. I felt my cum shooting inside her, filling her. 

As I finished, she relaxed and pulled away, my cock sliding out of her wetly. She turned around and knelt, taking my semi-hard cock in her mouth, covered in our combined juices. She sucked and licked me, cleaning off my cock. I was stunned. Everything had all happened so quickly, and I was not exactly sober myself. I had just cheated on my wife as she was lying nearby cheating on me. My head was spinning.

"Oh my God," I thought, "what have we done?"

Darla stood up and smiled at me. "It's ok," she whispered. "It just happened. Don't panic."

I started to speak, guilt covering my face, but she cut me off by kissing me. She tilted her head toward the bed. "Look," she said.

I glanced at my wife as I put my cock away. She was asleep, and Luke was atop of her, out cold. They'd passed out. I bet his dick was still inside her. Darla finished stripping off all her clothes. I admired her body. She looked sexy as hell. "Damn," I thought, "I just fucked that."

She grinned at me then whispered, "She's naked. I don't think we can get her dressed. We can put her in my bathrobe. Do you think you can get her home?"

"Yeah, I can carry her," I said, "she's pretty small."

"She's out, that's dead weight. You should try to get her to walk."

I chuckled, "No, I got this."

"Okay," Darla replied, "You get her up and out, and I'll distract Jake. If we're lucky, they'll wake up and not remember anything. If they do, they'll think it was us they fucked. That's the plan, ok?"

"Got it," I said. I was still struggling with everything that happened. I think Darla sensed my apprehension.

"They were drunk, Max," she explained, "She thought she was in your bed and that Jake was you. Jake thought she was me. We can't blame them."

I nodded, "Right, but we weren't confused. We knew what we were doing and with whom."

She smiled and kissed me again. I kissed her back.

"Yes, we did," she said, then looked back at the bed. "Want to do it one more time before you go?" She squeezed my cock through my pants. I was hard already. My mind might have been struggling with things, but my cock was not. I was considering it when I heard Yvette groan. The last thing we needed was for her to wake up.

Darla gave me a face that said "Oh shit" and she moved to the far side of the bed and got on. She pointed to the robe hanging on the wall. I picked up Yvette's dress and her bra, but couldn't find her panties. I balled them up as small as I could and shoved them in my pants. I walked over to Yvette and knelt down. As I did, Darla grabbed Jake by his shoulders and rolled him off my wife.

Jake grumbled. As he pulled free, his cock slid out of Yvette. I was surprised at the size of his cock. His semi-hard dick was fat and long. I couldn't imagine how big it was when hard. I could see a stream of semen running out of my wife's pussy. Darla rolled over Jake and wedged her body between his and Yvette's.

Yvette stirred, and she opened her eyes. She looked in my hazily and smiled contentedly, "Mmmm," she moaned, "Max."

I put my arms under her, and she wrapped me up in her arms and kissed me. I held onto her and lifted her out of bed. She curled tightly to me, pressing her head against my neck. I wouldn't be able to get her into the robe, so I just took it down and wrapped it loosely around her. Darla looked at me questioningly, and I smiled, nodding. 

I walked out, carrying my wife and moved outside, walking as rapidly down the sidewalk as I could. I saw one of our neighbors on the opposite side of the street, walking his dog. He didn't see us as I darted up the sidewalk and into my house. My arms were giving out, so I practically ran through the house to our bedroom and placed Yvette on the bed.

She rolled on her side, and I covered her with a soft blanket. I put her clothes in the hamper and three Darla's robe out in the family room. I went into the bathroom and got a washcloth out and ran it through the hot water. I sat down next to Yvette and started gently washing her body. I was able to get her on her back and spread her legs, lightly rubbing her pussy with the cloth.

She moaned and spread her legs wider. She grabbed my arm and started pulling me up to her. "Do it again," she said. "Fuck me again, baby. It was amazing."

I stared at her. She moved her hips around and round. I could see Jake's cum oozing out of her. "Give me that cock, baby" she mumbled.

I pulled my shirt off and quickly slid out of my pants. Yvette turned and let her legs hang off the side of the bed, then spread them and raised her legs. "Stick it in," she growled. "You were an animal."

I held my cock and aimed it at her hole, rubbing the head against the "v" of her inner labia. I pulled back, the head coated in Jake's sperm and pushed inside her. She arched her back and let out a shuddering moan, "Oh yes," she sighed.

I started pumping my hips and driving my cock into her, over and over. She started shaking her head side to side and bucking her hips. She held onto my shoulders, with her eyes tightly closed, as she panted in rhythm to my thrusting.

Her pussy was hot, hotter than I ever remember it being before. Maybe that was due to the massive amounts of cum inside her, or perhaps it was due to the hard fucking she'd had from such a big cock.

I let myself go and was fucking her forcefully. She was groaning, but opened her eyes and gave me a confused look. "You felt so much bigger before," she said.

I looked down at her and shook my head, "You're drunk," I said.

She giggled, "I am," she admitted, her words very slurred, "It's ok, just fuck me."

I raised her right leg up and over my shoulder, turning her onto her belly, then forced her legs wider. I plowed into her pussy, driving my cock hard into her from behind. She groaned. I started fucking her wildly, slamming my cock into her repeatedly. At this angle, my cock was hitting in a place that was driving her over the edge. She started shouting, "Yes! Yes! Yes!" continuously. She tensed and then let out a long slow wail as she came.

I pumped a few more times, even harder, then came inside my wife's sperm-filled pussy, adding my seed to Jake's. I came powerfully, spraying my seed deep inside her. It was one of the most intense orgasms I could remember and seemed to go on for a long time. When it stopped, I collapsed next to her and pulled her to me to cuddle. In minutes, we were both asleep.

The next morning, Yvette had a hangover. I left her a glass of water and some Advil on the nightstand as I was out early to meet some of the guys for a tee time. George and Greg were there, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. It looked like I was going to have a golf cart to myself, but with a couple of minutes to spare, Jake showed up, moving slowly and wearing dark sunglasses.

Jake didn't act awkward or uncomfortable, only hung over. It didn't seem that he realized that just a few hours prior he had fucked my wife and shot her full of his cum. Jake was pretty quiet all morning. Between holes three and four he finally started to open up.

"Man," he began, "last night was off the chain. I remember playing fucking shot in the hole and losing badly. I don't even remember you leaving."

"Oh yeah?" I asked, feeling a bit relieved, "Eve and I went home right after the game. She was horny as fuck, and we had sex several times."

Jake grimaced, "Yeah, I don't know what the fuck you put in those drinks you were making, but Darla was on fire. She was naked when I got in bed and fucked my brains out twice in a row. She woke me up later and wanted more, so we musta fucked three more times."

"Must've been the tequila shots," I rationalized. Jake seemed satisfied by the answer, as he just nodded, then grimaced again.

"Don't remind me," he said, looking green under the gills.

Between holes five and six, Jake puked in the bushes, then started feeling a bit better. By the time we finished the ninth hole, he seemed pretty much back to normal. He even had a beer with a hot dog. Back out on the course, we rode along, and I needed to have my curiosity satisfied.

"So," I said, broaching the subject, "Darla was naked and waiting for you when you got to bed? Was she awake or out cold?"

"I don't remember all that well," he said, scratching his head. "I remember she was asleep, but she woke up when I got in bed. I know because she started sucking my cock."

"She sucked your cock?" I asked, surprised. If Eve passed out drunk, how did she wake up enough to suck his cock? On top of that, his cock is way bigger than mine, how did she not realize it when she put it in her mouth?

"Yeah, she was aggressive, too," he said, laughing, "I kinda just wanted to go to sleep, but she wouldn't take no for an answer. She was hoovering my big beef stick."

"Hoovering?" I asked as I pulled the golf cart to a stop at the next hole. 

"Yeah, you know," he explained, "sucking my dick like a vacuum cleaner."

"Oh, that Hoover," I replied. I quickly put my ball on a tee and hit a long fade that landed just at the edge of the fairway, far enough to have an easy chip onto the green. I was angry and had hit the ball hard. 

"Nice one," Jake said as he stepped up. He smacked the ball and drove it deep into the trees. "Fuck!" he shouted.

I drove the cart, heading to where he went into the woods. "So, she sucked you a while before you fucked her?" I asked.

"Dude," he said, "why are you asking so many questions about my sex life?"

"Just curious," I said, trying to downplay my interrogation, "trying to see how the other half lives."

"So, what happened with you and Eve when you got home?" he asked, seeming to expect tit for tat.
