 Thus far: Ray, a lonely mature man visits the Florida Gulf Coast to see his ailing mother where he meets a somewhat, or so he thought, naive divorcee. The two make an instant connection.

The visit to my mother was no different from the visit of the previous day. It was depressing and pathetic and I was not feeling too sparky afterwards. I drove over to a different part of St. Pete and strolled along a shopping street filled with tourist shit. I bought Caren a tee shirt that read "Fucked and Fucked Up. St. Pete Spring Break". I walked into an Adult store and walked out with a set of washable/biodegradable/edible "Body Finger Paints". I don't know whatever possessed me to buy that particular item but I had a vision of getting silly with Caren and what the hell, it was only a few bucks. Finally, on the way back to the Skyway, I stopped at the largest kosher deli in St. Pete and picked up assorted stuff for dinner for two. I bought way too much food mostly because everything looked so good and because I couldn't decide.

On my ride back, I considered how lucky I was. Not only to score such a great babe on my trip but in general. It's astonishing how great the world looks when your dick works the way it is supposed to and you're getting laid regularly.

When I pulled up to the house, it was nearly five o'clock. I saw that Caren's car was in her driveway and another car, a black Audi, was next to hers. I walked up into the kitchen and set my bags down. Through the windows, I could see Caren and her friend, Candace stretched out on the lounges around the pool. They were both naked and oiled up. Both had nice deep tans and both had small washcloths over their eyes. I stood and stared out at them. Caren was small but her body was perfect in proportion and symmetry. Candace, on the other hand, was taller and bonier. Her breasts were nice round 34s and they were covered in freckles. Her pussy was bare and her long gash seemed as long as her long legs. In fact, this stopped me cold. I would say that she had the longest gash I'd ever seen. Jesus, she's gotta be huge! A man could get lost in there!

I cleaned myself up and stripped down tying an apron around my waist. In the kitchen, I prepared a platter of corned beef, roast beef and pastrami sandwiches, all cut in quarters. I sliced up a few knishes and potato pancakes with all the condiments, apple sauce, sour cream, pickles and dressings; full Brooklyn style. With an open bottle of chardonnay, my gifts and the tray of food, I made my way outside. Both women were startled when they heard me and looked up. Candace looked to cover herself but then realized that it was not necessary.

"Oh my God, is this a vision?" Caren asked. "My handsome handyman is serving us!" I turned around so they could view my ass cheeks under the tied apron. Both of them giggled. "Whatcha' got? What's in the bag?"

"Not so fast, smartass." I set everything down on the table and walked over to them. "First, let me say hello to Candace. Hello Candace." I stood by her head so her eyes were staring at the bulge under the apron. "I've heard all about you."

"Likewise, Ray." Not one to miss a beat, she reached under the apron, took my cock in her hand and shook it. "Pleased to meet you too." She shook it again and it stiffened a little. "Your reputation proceeds you."

I moved over to Caren and leaned over giving her a sweet kiss on the lips. "Hello, my little darlin'. How are you feeling today?"

"I feel great. Thank you for asking. You're so sweet."

"Excellent." I kissed her again. "Come to the table, girls. I picked up some real New York kosher deli, or as real as you can find around here, for dinner."

As they got up and came over, Candace said, "Ray, I heard that you brought Caren flowers yesterday and that you came over to her house and gave her a massage and a good-night orgasm. I heard all about it and I'm jealous of her getting all this fucking is what I am."

"The night is young, Candace. Meanwhile, cut the crap and dig in."

"Oh, I love this stuff." Within minutes we were feasting and drinking and laughing.

Taking a break form the food orgy, I took the bag. "I got you a present today, Caren." I took out the tee shirt and displayed it to laughter and applause.

"Yup, that's me and my vacation. Thank you, Ray, I will wear it proudly." She went to put it on but decided that she was too oily from the tanning lotion and it would wait.

Caren emptied the wine bottle into the glasses. I lit a fat joint and toked up. I passed it to Candace first.

"I haven't smoked pot in years. I'll take a few hits and then I'll be on my way."

"Why? You said that Perry was at some golf thing all day and into the evening. What's your hurry, Candi. It's early." Caren frowned, "Didn't I promise you that we would play? After all the tears today, didn't I say you could share him with me? So stop bitching and whining."

"Yeah, Candi...," I slowly added, "...and seeing how we all just pigged out and now we're getting wasted...not to mention that we've been sitting here naked and I have been counting the freckles on your chest..."

"You finally noticed?"

"...now I think we're ready for my final surprise!" I pulled out the Body Finger Paint Kit. "Ta Da!"

"What is that?" Caren snatched it from my hand. She began to read the box and giggle. "Yeah, I think you're right again, Ray. I told you this guy was great, Candi...a little goofy maybe but definitely great."

She handed the box to Candace who read it and smiled. She opened the box and set it on the table. She beckoned a finger at me. I stood up and walked up to her. She untied the apron so it dropped onto the deck, opened the jar of red, dipped her finger into it and painted the head of my limp dick. Then she dipped her finger into the blue and began to paint my shaft, She pulled at the shaft to get paint into all the creases. She looked over at Caren, who was watching intently, and said, "I hope you don't mind."

Caren laughed, "I think I already give you my approval. If he lets you, you can play with him too. I guarantee there's enough there to share. I think I'll take white." She got up, dipped her finger into the white paint and knelt in front of me. She began to coat my nutsack with the paint creating a very patriotic penis. "I think it needs a star right on the tippy-tip." Candace began to hum and Caren quickly joined her as the two stoned women happily painted my now hardening and creaseless shank. Caren made sure to snap a couple of photos."

"This better not show up on Instagram."

"We'll see. I haven't decided on blackmail yet."

I moved closer to them and dipped my fingers into the green. I leaned over and coated Candace's right nipple. I felt it harden in my fingers. I painted her left nipple and got the same response. Her fine green-nippled breasts pointed back at me. I began to dot my fingers around her chest, leaving little green marks.

"What are you doing?" She looked up at me mystified.

"Freckles."

I got some violet and turned to Caren. She lifted her breasts to me as I painted them.

"Those need eyes," said Candace, "...violet...like Liz Taylor's..." as she began to paint little eyes on Caren's breasts.

I looked down at my colorful cock and smiled, "Nice work girls. Care to salute it? Candace, stand up. I want to try some Pollack drip-painting."

"Op Art, I'm sure." She said drolly and stood up, her recently waxed mound staring back.

"Spread 'em a little" She did. "Thank you." I began to paint eyes and eyelashes at the top of her slit with little nostril openings below. Then with the red, I made lips come down each side of her slit down to the taint.

"Awesome, Ray, but it needs a mustache." Mixing some yellow and green, Caren slowly added a waxy, curly mustache. It was obvious from Candace's intense breathing that she was enjoying Caren's touch. "Done!"

"Candace, sit down and spread your legs, let's see your pussy smile!" She sat back and her snatch seemed to be speaking to us. Caren and I laughed. "It's saying, 'kiss me'!"

"You guys," Candace looked at us wearily, "you don't know how to lip read...," she squeezed her vagina a few times, "it's telling you to give it some cock. It's saying it wants to swallow your cum... It's your turn now, my good friend, you little cunt, come over here and let me create a piece of ass...er...art!"

Caren stood up and relit the joint. "Go ahead, Candace, my old roommate, you lipstick dyke, make my pussy crazy." She wriggled her ass. They sure had a funny way in which they addressed each other. It seemed like an old routine they enjoyed that only they were hooked into.

Candace looked at Caren's pussy and raised her thumb, gauging her artist's distance. "A thong. This tight little slit needs a thong. Turn around, please." Caren turned around. Using the yellow paint, Candace painted a thin rope around her hips from just above her public bone to the top of her ass crack. While she painted the butt cloth, her other hand painted yellow down Caren's ass cheeks. Caren sighed, as Candace's fingers traveled over her asshole and into her crack. Candace spun her around and began to paint the front of the tiny thong. Her fingers traced the paint into and along Caren's slit. She was very careful and deliberate. Caren was juicing up, you could smell it in the air; she spread her legs a bit wider. "Oh shit, you just gave me more work. Stand still, slut. Now I fill in this crack!"

"It feels great, so fuck you, Candi. How does it look, Ray."

"Pop Art...a little like Warhol with Lichtenstein overtones...and very juicy. Smells, too...a little like fingerpaint and twat...an interesting bouquet."

Candace was now painting the inside edge of Caren's labia with a special emphasis on her clit. I took my iPhone and snapped a few pictures of her artwork. "Now I have something on you. Even Steven." I turned to the pool and unceremoniously threw myself in. As I swam around the paint washed away and dissolved into the clear water.

"I like the way my pussy looks. I don't want to wash it off."

"Yeah, me neither. And I like my freckles, too."

I shrugged as I got out of the pool and walked back over.

"Your penis isn't as cute to me anymore, Ray. I liked the colorful way it waved around. It was cute."

"I don't think anyone has ever called my cock 'cute' before! But right now, I want to do an experiment. It says on the box that the paints are biodegradable and all sorts of stuff..." I got down on my knees in front of Candace who was sitting on a chair, her vagina smiling back at me. "...I want to see if they're edible." I leaned in and took a couple of swipes at her long slit. "Hmmm...tastes like Candi."

I waited until they stopped laughing and returned to licking her a few more times until I felt her clit stiffen and her long lips puff up. I backed away and turned to Caren. "That was red, kind of cherry...now lets try another color." I licked up and around Caren's lips. "Hmmm...minty fresh!"

"Come on, let's stop fooling around." said Candace, "let's take a shower and hit the bed. I'm all horny now and I want to play. I want some of that cock and I don't have all night." Caren and I just looked at each other and shook our heads.

"God, Candace, Caren was right. You sure are a pushy bitch."

Candace gently slapped me as she and Caren ran into the house. I cleaned up the deck and walked into the bedroom. I heard the shower running and then giggling and then a long period of no giggling. When I entered the bathroom, they were just getting out. Both were covered in towels and both looked flushed. "Did you two start without me?"

"Oh yes we did...but a long time ago when we were in the same college sorority and were roommates. We were just rekindling those memories."

"See, that's one difference between men and women. You girls can rekindle old memories but this..." I shook my dick at them. "This...this has no memory."

"What a wise guy, you are, I swear. We're gonna fuck you blind tonight, mister." Caren pushed me back and we tumbled into the bed. "Okay, look. Before we do anything, you have to eat Candi. I told her so much about your tongue, she has to try it. Candi, go sit on Ray's face." The little dictator positioned her friend over my head who then complied by slowly squatting down on my face. I took her slim buttocks into my hands and began to rock her as I lightly slid my tongue along its juicy path. Her pussy was long and large. I found that it took a while to move along its length. Her inner lips were also very large and very juicy; I found I could place them individually between my lips and roll them around inside. When I encircled her clit and breathed her in to the center of my tongue, she pushed her pubic bone against my nose, moaning in delight.

Meanwhile, Caren was massaging my feet and working up my legs, much as I done to her the night before. Her hands traveled up my legs and just skirted my johnson. She moved up and rubbed my stomach and my chest as Candi writhed and moaned on my face, her pussy dripping over me. She leaned in so that she could control just how much my mouth could provide maximum pleasure on different areas and she led me along my oral path. I felt Caren sliding my cock between her tits and I felt just peachy. I felt even better when I felt Caren slide up higher. My cock along her thighs and I wondered where she was going. I heard Candace let out a deep moan and I understand what was happening.

"Oh, this feels so good. You guys are...making...me...ah...ah." My tongue was buried deep in her canal and I could feel Caren's face on my chin. She was licking Candace as I pushed my tongue up and as deep into her as I could. Candace was now quickly rocking on my head. "I can't...I...I." Suddenly, she leaned up and her pussy began to squirt on me and into my mouth. It didn't taste or smell at all like urine; no, this was one hundred percent cunt sauce, the real thing. She squirted like this for about five seconds and then she and Caren grasped each other and kissed. Me, I was wedged under a sopping twat and I needed to breathe. I lifted her off me and panted for air.

"I needed that. I really did. Thanks, guys. That tongue is a gift."

"Our pleasure but you did surprise me with that orgasmic bath. That was different...and something else again."

"I'm sorry, Ray. I should have warned you that I'm a squirter. I didn't think... And it's been so many years since I had an orgasm like that..."

"It's quite alright, Candi. We all enjoyed it. I want you to do it again but right now, I need to fuck something..."

"Let's do this," offered Candace, "I really want to eat Caren, I haven't tasted pussy since college. I also want to feel a hard cock in me so you fuck me and I'll eat Carrie."

"Carrie? Nobody has called me that in years! You can have Ray's cock first but leave a little for me, will you, please."

"Ladies, ladies. Don't argue. I promise I will spread it around." I said this as I plunged my very stiff dick into Candace's sopping hole. I was amazing myself at my own stamina and as the thought flashed through my head about the possibility of going soft, I dismissed it and focused on plowing Candi's big cunt.

"Ooof!" It was a nice fit albeit not nearly as tight an Caren. Caren lay back on some pillows, spread her legs wide open and pulled her knees up. Candace turned on all fours and began to lick and touch the pussy at her face. I got down on my knees and licked her tight little pucker. "My pussy, please," she ordered.

"So demanding!" I shoved my cock all the in to the hilt but now it had become a loose and sloppy pussy and I couldn't seem to get any traction. I fucked her slow and I fucked her fast but I just couldn't keep it hard. After some ten minutes or so, I pulled out. Although I couldn't stay hard in Candace's cock wash, I didn't feel too bad about it. "Okay, change places. I want to fuck Caren now." Candi seemed somewhat bothered by my lack of a hard fuck but dutifully pulled away and let me get between Caren's legs. Oh, now this was much better. Caren was tighter and she had more control of her vaginal muscles. Also, it was Caren. In no time, I was hard again and was she who made it happen, albeit unknowingly. It was all Caren. I pulled Candace around to our heads as we each took a nipple to suckle. Candace's hand slid down between us as she fingered Caren's slit.

"Ray, don't cum in her. I want to taste your cum."

I smiled. "Tell you what I'll do. When I'm ready to cum, I'll pull out and cum on both of your faces. How's that?" I rocked hard into Caren as she pushed back on me. Yes, Caren was my kind of fuck and I responded quickly. My dick throbbed in her talented pussy. She had one hand in Candace now and was heaving and panting. I recognized this as her approaching orgasm. I'd seen this before. She thrust hard against me as her fingers were flying on Candace's clit. Candace's fingers were strumming Caren's and under me, it felt great. Caren cried out, her pussy gripped my dick and squeezed it. Her chest arched up, her breasts rose and her nipples appeared ready for launch. She cried out again and my cock was bathed in cunt soup. That did it for me, I felt my cum boiling. I quickly pulled out and yelled "Now!" Candace lowered her face next to Caren's and my first blast was a dead-on shot. A long string of cum shot out and hit them both in their mouths, I could not have aimed it better. My next globs flew out and hit Candi's nose and cheek, and then Caren again and again right in her mouth. My cock began to dribble cum as the two women leaned up and took turns licking and sucking the head until they had completely drained the snake. Caren turned to Candace, licked the cum from her cheek and then kissed her friend, sharing the treat. I pulled back and rested as I watched them.

Watching them was so erotic. Candace's hand never left Caren's pussy and as they kissed and caressed each other, they were vocal, moaning and whispering. It was a very hot scene. Candace lay down and they were humping and kissing until Caren swiveled around and pushed herself on top of Candace. The two were now sixty-nining each other. Their moans echoed their increasing pleasure as they held each other tight and lick laved each other. I had to make room as they rolled over and slid around the bed, this time kissing each other and scissoring each others pussy. My dick was dead and so I just chose to watch this intense scene. I was either so transported by the scene or my body was so limp that I was rooted in my place. I didn't even have the energy to reach over and squeeze a breast or two or three or more.

They were into it big time. This was a lesbian fuck for the ages. The swiveled around again, back into a sixty-nine. I couldn't see Candace's head but I could tell that when Caren wrapped her legs over Candace's shoulders, magic was happening. Caren, on the other hand, seemed to prefer the flat-tongue on clit technique occasionally switching over to fast side-to-side clit flicking. That last trick seemed to help push Candace over the edge and she pushed her legs back and balanced on her knees. Her vagina lifted up off Caren's lips and I could see it dripping onto her face. Wow! This was about as erotic an image as I have ever seen - a pussy literally dripping into another woman's mouth. I got hard immediately and circled over to Candace's head. I lifted her up and slid into Caren, whose twat immediately gripped me. Candace simultaneously licked both the base of my stem up to Caren's clit and back. Caren began to rock, squeeze and thrash about. She pushed her hands down on Candace's head and thrust her hips up at me, pulling me deeper. Her cries were muffled by the drenched twat sliding around her face. She came hard and it was a fast explosion. I watched her hands and nails squeeze Candace's breasts. She pushed Candace up and now, I could hear Caren panting and gasping for air. I pushed in hard and when I felt her cum, I spit a little bit, too. Candace lifted my cock and kissed it then she slid off and lay down. The three of us just lay there quietly for some time.
