 Conclusion

I awoke in the morning as the light streamed in through the window. As I opened my eyes, Caren was watching me.

"Good morning, darlin'. I like watching you awaken. You were sleeping so deeply but then you made a little smile and rolled over. What a nice way to wake up."

I mumbled something as a response but without that first cup of coffee, I don't think anyone could understand me, let alone Caren.

"I just had the best dream before waking. I was dreaming that you were going down on me and as I came, I awoke. How good is that. That's another first for me. Thanks to you." I knew she was telling me the truth because the room reeked of her sex. "Can you smell me? I stink!" What a woman!

She laughed as she slipped out of bed and ran into the bathroom. I heard her flush and then run the shower. I didn't feel like moving, just listening to her. I'll never know why but I knew at that precise moment that the long odyssey of loneliness since my divorce was over. A wellness came over me; I felt whole again. I knew that I had found my ideal mate and I wanted to be with her always. Yes, I decided, this was love.

She came back into the bedroom as she towelled off. "Someone looks like the cat that ate the canary."

I smiled at her. "Yes, missy. I was just lying here thinking about how much I have loved these days with you. I realized just how much I like being with you, how much I want to learn about you and mostly, just how much I think I am in love with you."

She stopped cold as she was draping the towel around her hair. "Did you just say what I think I heard you say? Did you just say that you are in love with me?"

"Yes, you heard right. I hope I didn't upset you but I'm just expressing the way I feel."

Her eyes welled up and I saw tears forming. She got onto the bed and looked me in the eye. "Please say it again so I know I wasn't hallucinating."

"I love you, Caren. Since the moment you stepped into my life, you've made it infinitely better. I love you. I do."

"I must be tripping." She pinched herself. "One more time, please?"

"Hmmm...I'm crazy about you. I think I'm in love with you. I want us to be together..."

She began to cry as she learned down and smothered me in kisses. Her tears dripped onto my cheeks as her tears mixed with little laughs of glee. She was choked up and both of us were emotional.

"Before, when I watched you sleep, I thought to myself, "I love this man." I want to be with you always, Ray. You complete me." She sat up. "I'm cancelling the plane back. I'm going to quit my job. I'm going to..."

"Hold it, hold it. Slow down. You're not cancelling your reservation. You're going to go back and go to your job. I'm going back in a couple of days and I'm going to prepare my house for you. I'm going to fly to Chicago in about a week and we will decide what the reality of the situation is together. And then we'll take it from there."

"Whatever you say as long as you come get me. I can quit tomorrow, I don't care, there's always another legal secretary around. Now, I don't think that I even have a life if it isn't with you...you, my partner." Again, she smothered me in kisses, laughing in joy.

"Now, come on, my love, you have a plane to catch."

"Come with me to the other house as I dress. I want us to talk more about this."

She collected all her things and wrapped in the towel, and with a cup of joe in my hand, we went next door. It took her no time at all to pack as she never really unpacked. We spoke of the intricasies involved in changing our lives and decided that there was nothing we couldn't quickly overcome. We were determined to make this happen and as quickly as possible. In fact, when she went to the airline web site to check the status of the flight, I made my reservation to fly from Islip to Midway a week later.

After much hugging and kissing, she pulled her rental car out of the driveway and headed for the airport. I stood and watched until I could no longer see the tail lights. Suddenly, I felt her absence and I felt at a loss which only steeled my resolve to be with her and make her a permanent part of my life.

I seemed to sleepwalk for the next two days. Dutifully, I visited my mother and even told her of my luck. She gave me a smile and I think she understood (or perhaps that is just me projecting).Still, it made me feel good to think that she knew what I was saying.

Candace called me the day after Caren flew home. "Ray, I was wondering what you were doing right now. I figured that with Caren gone, I might make a good stand-in. I can set up a threesome with Galena for tomorrow or if you like, I can come over now, fuck you silly and you can make me squirt."

"Thanks for the offer, Candace. It sounds tempting but I'm sorry, we won't be able to hook up. I'm pretty busy for the next few days."

"Aw. Too busy for pussy? You mean that I won't be able to squirt on your face again?"

"Maybe on my next trip, Candace."

"Did my friend break your cock? Did she? Tell me the truth!"

"You might be right. I think maybe she did. She broke it off and took it back to Chicago. It's her dick now."

I don't think Candace liked the way I answered. She got all kinds of huffy with me between pleading for one more fuck. Finally, I was able to get her off the phone. I thought to myself that Candace had Galena, a strap-on and lots of batteries. If she wanted, she could probably go fuck herself. I felt nothing for her and I was glad. She was annoying.

As I flew back to Long Island, I realized that Caren had not left my thoughts since the moment she drove away.

Over the next week, we spoke on the phone constantly. One night, we skyped and watch each other masturbate. My computer must have downloaded smell-o-vision because I could swear I could detect her scent wafting from the monitor.

I told some of my friends about my good luck and they were most pleased for me. I thought it significant when one told me that it would good to see the old Ray again and not the mopey, sullen character I'd become. I thought that I agreed; I would like to see the old Ray, too, although I knew I was 'back' because I felt that joie de vivre again after so long in stasis.

When I landed at Midway, she was waiting at the gate, her manatee necklace dangling in her cleavage. We threw our arms around each other and hugged each other. "I am so glad you are here, my darling. This week has been torture." She squeezed me.

"I can't disagree. I've been waiting to hold you since the moment you drove off."

"Come on, hurry. I can't wait to make love to you."

I like Chicago. Except for a bad week I had there during the summer of '68 and the Democratic National Convention, it's always been a fun place. Great blues. Great steaks. Not that I saw any of the city, I did not. We spent the weekend in her apartment.

"I resigned my job yesterday, Ray. It was no big deal but I can now receive all the vested benefits. I've wanted to quit for a long time so I just did it. I was wasting away there. There are other things I want to do...with you."

"And I fixed up my house for you. I think you will really love it."

"We could be in a shotgun shack for all I care just as long as I am with you...and wrapped around this beautiful cock." She took me into her mouth and lovingly brought me to hardness for the umpteenth time. This time, her blowjob was tender and delicate. She seemed to be worshipping my cock and loving it. When I came, she sipped my cum as if through a straw. I was in awe of her skills, so incredibly heightened since our vacation just a couple of weeks earlier.

I found that when I went down on her, it was more tender and loving as well. As I kissed and licked her, feelings of care and devotion washed over me. Eating her was like a fine art, a gourmet meal; she was my ultimate pleasure. Our sex during that weekend was positively inspirational and divine.

On Monday, we flew back to Long Island. She'd already started to make arrangements to move her belongings. Everything was in motion for our cohabitation and that pleased us both tremendously.

She loved my house and took to it immediately. While not a very big house, it had been in my possession for nearly thirty years since I bought it from my uncle. It has always suited me fine. On a small but valuable piece of property, the deck faced the ocean and the view was what Hampton homes are all about. She immediately took to the house and enjoyed feminizing the man-cave interior almost as much as the two of us did warming up in the hot tub. The only problem we had was the rising cost of living there. The Hamptons are an incredibly expensive place in which to live and, with the arrival of the hedge fund motherfuckers, every cost had risen to bizarre levels. My house simply became very expensive to maintain.

Our friends were all happy for us and to see the change in me. Between the parties I took her to and the shows at Stephen Talkhouse, she felt very welcome. We hosted some of her friends during a few short visits and they were over-the-top thrilled for the two of us. Her friends were somewhat more reserved and proper than my crazy East End crowd but her friends were business people and office workers and my friends were all artists and musicians so it stands to reason. Watching the two mix was very instructive as well as fascinating. I soon got the feeling that Caren liked my crowd more. I should also tell you that during this time, we were monogamous...that is except for once which I will tell you about after I bring you up to speed.

Life had turned around for us and we luxuriated in our relationship. We were both "on the same side" and it felt wonderful. We had a few little disagreements that we quickly worked out. We never had what one might call an argument or a spat. No, we were of one mind and it was very comforting.

I relate this story to you because to us, we are a miracle to be shared. The events I have related took place nearly ten years ago and we are still together, still very much in love and sharing a paradisical existence. Yup, even to an old codger like me, love conquers all.

We've spent the last ten years enjoying every adventure. We've constantly changed and altered ourselves, I'd say 'mutually morphed' in order to allow ourselves to grow. For one thing, our residence in East Hampton only lasted one year before we moved on.

What happened was that my mother passed. When we went down to St. Pete to make funeral arrangements, we both had a revelation and that was that we liked it down on the Gulf Coast more than on the ritzy Long Island shore. Besides the financial aspects, there was the superfine weather, the spectacular Gulf...why wouldn't we want to move? There was no reason not to. And as luck would have it, we seemed to bring each other luck. When we returned to East Hampton, we set things in motion to move away.

My friend Alvin told me that he was considering selling off some of his properties. I quickly made an offer on the Longboat Key house (which he said was the best of his lots) and we agreed on the sale for a little over one million dollars. Caren was thrilled. I put my little paradise up for sale and because it was a rare piece of East Hampton oceanfront that I knew held high value, I was able to get close to eight million dollars for it leaving a healthy piece of change in my pocket. In fact, I sold the house to a young and rising movie starlet and her rock star husband.

For two weeks before our move, we were feted and hailed by our friends with fancy dinners at pricey restaurants. One of the best parties took place at The Talkhouse with all my favorite bands and musicians in attendance. That was a glorious night that lasted deep into the wee hours.

The best party, however, took place at another beachfront property, this one on the Montauk cliffs where Doug and Lora lived. Just up the road from Bruce Weber, Dick Cavett, Julian Schnabel and Paul Simon, it commands what might be the most impressive vista available on Long Island. From the wide front lawn to the cliff, there is a complete two hunded and forty degree expansive view of the ocean.

Doug and Lora had been long-time friends and lovers; my favorite playmates. I told Caren all about them and she was excited to meet them. The party they threw was an afternoon affair with several live bands and lots of our mutual friends. The food was catered by Bobby Flay's company and everything was terrific. As the party began to end and guests began to drift away, Caren came to me as I stood near the edge of the cliff.

"I just had a conversation with Lora and she wants us to stay after everyone is gone. She asked me if she and Doug can play with you one last time. I told her that we would love to play with them but not to consider it "the last time" as we will have them down to Longboat as our guests in the very near future."

"That was nice of you. But, to be honest with you, I'm really not all that interested in sex with them anymore. You are more than enough for me."

"And I feel the same...but I feel their warmth for you and I think this could be fun. It's been a long time since we've partied and, to be honest, I'm turned on by them. You know, I've never been a foursome...this is another fantasy I'd like to satisfy. What do you say, stud?"

Smiling, I said, "Okay. You've twisted my arm." Just then Lora called to us back to the house.

They were waiting for us on the deck. Doug asked us to follow him as he had something to show me. He ushered us into the studio alongside the house. There, he pulled a cloth off a large canvas. It was a beautiful painting and one of the nicest I'd ever seen him create. It was an abstract of the oceanview from the cliff but it had a sense of wildness mixed with a warm sense of bliss. It was incredible. Caren and I stood in front of it and were astounded by it.

"It's incredible, Doug...just incredible."

"It's called "Maximum Satisfaction" and it is dedicated to you, Ray. I painted it after the last time we were together. It is a gift to you if you want it. Consider it a housewarming present."

"I don't know what to say, Doug. I am so touched. Of course, I accept it. Having your painting hang in our new house is a great honor. I don't know what to say except that I love it. And I love you. Both of you. All three of you."

"I love it too, Doug. It speaks volumes to me. We can't thank you enough."

"That's not true, Caren. I know one way to thank us." She pulled the four of us together in a group hug. "Let us make love to you tonight."

Caren leaned into Lora and kissed her. Lora returned the kiss and more. They broke apart just as Doug leaned into me and kissed me. I accepted his kiss. Our mustaches met and tickled each other.

"Wow. That was pretty cool." I could see Caren's pleasure rising by the flush in her cheeks as she watched us kiss.

"Let's go where it's more comfortable, shall we?" Lora took Caren's hand and led us out of the concrete floored studio into the house. "There now, isn't this better? Where were we?" She placed her arms around Caren and they kissed again. Doug walked over to me and began unbuttoning my shirt. I could see Caren watching us, her eyes following every move. Doug had my shirt open and was stroking my chest and lightly pinching my nipples. I began to pull his shirt up and over his head as we stood there swapping spit.

"Aren't they beautiful?" asked Lora.

"I've never watched anything like this before. I've always wanted to see two men make love. It is very erotic." Caren was visibly awed.

"Then let's sit and watch, shall we?" They sat down on the expansive sofa in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows facing the ocean. I could feel Caren's eyes on me as my shirt dropped to the floor. Doug's lips had moved down to my nipple and his hands held my ass. It felt very good. My hands traveled down his chest to the package straining against his clothes. It felt very good. My hands circled his cock and I could feel the outline of the head against the fly. I slowly unzipped him and reached in. I knew he would be going commando and his hard piece flipped out into my palm. Everything felt so very, very good. As we stood sideways to the women, I knew that Caren could see the action well. I heard her gasp when Doug's cock popped out.

Doug's cock was always something at which to gasp. His cut cock measured a good ten inches when hard and was as fat as a beer can. I loosened his shorts and let them drop so Caren could view his immense ballsac which hung several inches, each testicle defined by the stretched skin. She gasped again.

Doug unzipped me and my drawers dropped. He wrapped his big hands around my shaft. His long fingers stroked and pulled at my more modest seven inches. Our dicks were poking each other's bellies. Doug held both dicks and lightly squeezed them together while he ever so slowly sank to his knees. My fingers ran through his hair on the way down. When he reached the point where my penis was inches from his face, he leaned forward and buried his face into my crotch, smelling my musky balls. His long tongue wrapped around my sac. tickling me. My dick responded by bouncing off his nose.

"Shit!" Caren was getting hot. "This is sooo sensual."

"Here, let me help you." Lora pulled Caren's shirt up and helped her out of it. She got on her knees and helped Caren slip out of her jeans. Caren now sat back and slowly exhaled as Lora looked up at the large wet spot on Caren's red thong. She slowly inhaled the aroma. She stood and disrobed before curling up next to Lora. She, too, wore a damp red thong.

Doug was now slurping my cock, His hands played with my ass and my nuts. My knees went wobbly. "I have missed this, Ray." He got up. "Wait a second...hold that thought...I want to rearrange the furniture!"

Right away, I understood what he was doing as he pulled a long plush lounge in front of the big couch and pointed for me to lie down. He wanted the women to see everything and so he created a little stage for them. I looked at Caren as she and Lora sat cuddled, Lora's hand gently stroking her breast. "You good with this, my love?" I asked.

"Am I ever!" She spread her legs at me and I could see that her thong was more a sponge than a garment. "I'm going to cum just from watching."

I lay back and waited for Doug to position himself at my head. I looked up to see his monster cock swing. I reached up and held his nuts. My tongue flicked and wiped the precum oozing from his piss hole before going back to his nuts. For a few minutes I teabagged him, my tongue under his scrotum as he dragged it across my face before gliding my tongue back under his long, fat shaft toward his glans. I traced the vein with the tip until I reached the large head. I licked around the head and especially into Cyclop's Eye before putting it between my lips. It filled my moutch and stretched my cheeks. I looked over at the women. Caren's eyes met mine. I could see how turned on she'd become as her body was flushed. It must have helped that Lora had one hand in Caren's thong. Caren's hand was in Lora's thong. All fingers were moving.

I placed both hands on his thing and slowly began to pull the head deeper...then back off...then down again...and back until I had a few inches. My hands slowly twisted around the shaft, or more like trunk. I'd done this before with Doug. I knew what I could and could not do and I knew that I could not take it any deeper as my mouth was stretched and his banging against my tonsils was gagging me. He knew, too, as he slowly backed off, placed his knees on the lounge and positioned his mouth over my cock. He knew I could tend to him and accomodate him better this way. Lora's small Asian body was now sitting in Caren's lap, her face buried in Caren's breasts. Caren smiled at me.
