 Parents of children who play travel sports make tremendous sacrifices for their child's love of the game, but they also reap immense rewards. The most obvious sacrifice is the amount of time and money that is spent traveling; you could go months at a time without an unscheduled weekend day, and many of your weekends are spent in hotels. But with all the time away from home, you are usually in the company of your children's teammates and families, which leads to the formation of close relationships that can last a lifetime. There's a certain element of bonding that comes from the kinship of waking up at 5am on a Saturday to drive several hours away, not returning home until 10pm on Sunday night. Of course, copious amounts of alcohol are also involved in soothing the stress of travel, which can lead to an entirely different kind of relationship...

As yet another season came to a close, the year-end team picnic was a mixture of joy, relief, and sadness. They had so much to celebrate - their children's athletic growth throughout the season, winning the state championship, and a coaching award bestowed upon their head coach for his leadership. Everyone was looking forward to a break from the travel and the seasonal change in which sports their children participated. But the families had all grown so close that with the end of the season came the inevitable collapse of the families' social circle.

"I think we should just have Gary book us a hotel 3 hours away and we'll all pretend we're going there for a game so we can just party in the hotel," Sam joked. "Who says we need to actually have the kids play a game for us to have a good time?"

Beers in hand, everyone laughed and one of the parents quipped, "Do we even need to invite the kids?"

As the laughter subsided, Craig thought for a moment, then said, "You know, I have a cabin that's pretty big - there's an upstairs area for sleeping and a downstairs living area. It's pretty basic and would be pretty rugged camping, but we could have a party out there some day this summer. The kids could run around, ride their four-wheelers and dirt bikes, we could grill some meat, and camp out overnight."

"Oh the boys would LOVE that!" Brenda commented, as several other heads nodded up and down in agreement, with utterances of "yeah!", "definitely!", "cool!" coming from the various Moms and Dads.

"Alright, I'll set something up and send out an email," Craig said.

***

"Oh, honey, I'm not feeling good," John groaned as he walked slowly into the living room.

"Why, what's wrong?" asked his wife, Deena, looking over the top of her magazine.

"I think I have that stomach bug that was going around the office," he frowned, looking like he was in tremendous discomfort.

"Oh no! Are you still going to be able to take Liam to the camp-out this afternoon at Craig's place?"

"I don't think so...," he moaned as he flung himself onto the couch dramatically, looking like a helpless invalid.

"Ugh," Deena sighed, "Liam is going to be so upset that he can't go - he was really looking forward to seeing his teammates again and fishing in Craig's pond. Are you sure you can't go? Can you take some Immodium or something?"

John glared at her with annoyance, "I'm running a fever, I can't stay out of the bathroom, and I feel like crap - I am NOT going to the party. Can't you just drop him off and pick him up tomorrow?"

Deena thought about it for a moment. "I don't know," she hesitated, "he's never been camping before - what if he doesn't like it and wants to leave? Or what if he gets nervous about staying with other people? That seems like such a burden to impose on the guys, expecting them to watch him."

"Liam will be fine, and I'm sure the guys won't mind. He gets along well with all the kids who are going, he doesn't need me there."

"I'm just not comfortable with that," she protested. "You stay here and rest, I'll just take him myself."

"It's a "Guys' Weekend" - the party is for boys and their DADS, no Moms or sisters - you can't go."

"Oh give me a break! I've spent all season with these guys, we're all good friends. They've never been inhibited around me when it comes to their discussion, it'll be fine. I won't be in the way - I'm just like "one of the guys" to them, anyway."

In many ways, Deena was, indeed, "one of the guys". Gender lines were often blurred when the parents were up late in the hotel drinking in the hallways - everyone was friends with everyone, and they were comfortable discussing any topic. In fact, late-night discussions could run the gamut, anything from plumbing repairs, to vacation plans, to remodeling homes, to the latest pop culture from music and movies. But as the beer and rum continued to flow, most of those conversations ended up going in an X-rated direction. Moms would talk about their bikini waxes and Brazilians, the guys would talk about a hot Mom with big tits that they spotted at the rink from an opposing team, Moms might talk about the latest trashy they'd read, while Dads might talk about recent jaunts to the strip club. From there, dirty jokes just abounded. 

And even though Deena thought she was just "one of the guys" in those conversations, the guys never stopped looking at her as a woman. That didn't mean they were inhibited in their conversation, just that they couldn't stop mentally undressing her and lusting about what it would be like to hook up with her or some of the other Moms on the team.

Deena was in her mid-thirties and very accomplished professionally. The people that she worked with only saw the side of her that was smart, strong, and sassy. She was polite and respectful, but also unafraid to speak her mind. She took her career very seriously and rarely let her colleagues see her more playful nature, for fear that it could jeopardize everything she had worked so hard to achieve.

Physically, Deena was about average height and weight, with long, wavy brunette locks, and deep brown eyes set against light olive-toned skin, a reflection of her Mediterranean heritage. Her teeth were perfectly aligned and a natural bright white color. She was very well-endowed in the chest, with big, voluptuous breasts that were often emphasized by the v-neck style shirts that she preferred to wear on the weekends. No matter how tired or hungover she was, Deena always put forth the effort to make herself look her best - with well-styled hair, carefully applied make-up, jewelry that was simple yet pretty, and sensual perfumes and body sprays. She was definitely "all woman" to the Dads on the team!

John was too tired and weak to argue with Deena's suggestion that she go on the camp-out, and truth be told, he'd rather be home alone to deal with his illness in quiet solitude than have his family around the house nagging him, asking him to do things, telling him to eat this / drink that / nap now and quizzing him frequently on how his bathroom visits were going. If Deena and Liam left for the weekend, he could be lazy, rest, and have full control over the television remote; hell, if he was feeling better by tonight, maybe he could even indulge in some Internet porn! "Fine, whatever," he sighed in feigned disappointment.

"Guess I'd better get started on packing," Deena said, as she set her magazine down and padded down the hall to the bedroom to pack up her things.

***

"Hi guys!" Deena called out as she and Liam hopped out of her SUV, popping the back open to unload their bags.

"Hey Deena," Sam responded, looking slightly puzzled. "Are you dropping Liam off?"

"No, unfortunately John couldn't make it - he isn't feeling well. I figured I'd come in his place!" she smiling cheerfully, too busy hauling a suitcase out of the back to notice Sam's less-than-enthusiastic expression.

Sam's dick woke up and twitched in his pants at the thought of her spending the night. But that wasn't the point of this weekend. This weekend was supposed to be about letting your guard down with the guys and getting dirty with "guy stuff" like dirt bikes, fishing, hunting small game, and camp fires. It was about drinking as much beer as you wanted to drink, pissing against the base of the oak tree behind the cabin, smoking a cigarette or chewing tobacco without any nagging wives getting on your case about how bad that is for your health, releasing belches and farts at will without apologizing, and sharing dirty jokes. Not hanging out with the Hot Mom on the team, fantasizing about taking HER behind the oak tree for a romp in the woods! Damn, there went his dick again. Damn damn damn - this was going to be a long weekend!

"Great," he said through a fake smile, pretending to be happy, before downing the rest of his beer and throwing the empty can on the ground, retreating back into the cabin to share the "good news" with the rest of the guys, who were all inside unpacking and setting things up, while Deena continued to unload her vehicle.

Between summer vacations and other sports conflicts, fewer guys had shown up than Craig was expecting. There was just Craig, Sam, Gary, and Rob, and their four sons. Deena and her son, Liam, made it ten - a reasonable number of guests. The five boys were all very close friends, so Craig was excited about the chemistry there and that none of the more troublesome kids from the team had shown up. It should be an easy weekend, he figured, where the twelve-year-old boys could pretty much be trusted to do most things on their own while the Dads (and, errr, Mom) hung out at the cabin drinking. 

But he was rather disappointed that Deena had shown up in John's place. OK, he understood that John was sick, and he wouldn't want someone at the cabin who wasn't feeling well, but he really wished Deena would have just dropped Liam off - watching him for the weekend wouldn't have been a problem. 

However, Craig was too polite and their families' friendships were too close to risk hurting her feelings by asking her to leave. And it wasn't that he didn't like Deena, it was actually quite the opposite. Craig had been lusting after Deena for a couple of years now. Happily married and committed to his wife, he often spiced up their lovemaking by fantasizing about Deena during the act, pretending that she was the one he was making love to, without his wife Laura having any clue.

Craig also had this other little problem - anytime he had more than a couple of drinks, he became horny. Not just a little turned on, but balls-out horny. Those tournament weekends when the team's families would stay in the same hotel and stay up late drinking were a killer; he always found himself with a raging hard-on throughout the drunken evening, wishing he could just drag Deena into a room and have his way with her.

Fortunately, though, Laura was always with him, unknowingly acting as his jail warden, keeping him true to his marital vows. When everyone retired to their rooms at night, Laura was never in the mood - and she was always so drunk that she passed out the second her head hit the pillow. Craig, however, couldn't settle down to sleep until his aching blue balls had been drained, so every night during those hotel stays he would beat off in the bathroom to mental images of Deena's luscious cleavage and round little ass.

Tonight was going to pose quite the challenge. First of all, he was going to be drinking heavily - so his libido would be going wild. Second, he'd be ogling Deena's tits all day, smelling her perfume, staring at her ass, and watching those shiny, wavy brunette locks bounce and swing around her shoulders. Third, "The Warden" wasn't here to watch and control his behavior. Fourth, Craig and Deena would be sleeping under the same roof, mere feet away from each other. Oh shit, these Four Evil Forces were going to be hell!

Craig wasn't about to even consider passing on the beer and rum 'n cokes - hell, that's the best way to unwind and enjoy the weekend! The only way he could think to keep his libido in check was to try to keep his body and mind busy by doing things around the cabin.

The boys were running around the field and woods playing Manhunt when Deena walked inside the cabin hauling her suitcase and a couple of overnight bags. Distracted by her heavy bags, she shouted out cheerfully, "Hi guys!" 

She noticed that the four men were standing in the kitchen area of the open floorspace, conferring quietly amongst themselves. A sinking feeling hit the pit of her stomach as she suddenly felt uncomfortable and out of place. "Oh God," she thought to herself, "I bet they're upset that I came." She looked at them awkwardly and bit her lip as she stood there silently, trying to think of what to say.

"Hi Deena," they all said in unison.

"Ya know," she reflected, "me deciding to come stay here was probably a mistake. I shouldn't have intruded on your "Guys' Weekend". If you want me to leave and come back to pick up Liam tomorrow, I will."

The guys looked at each other, unsure of what to say, hoping someone else would answer, when Craig decided that as host, it was his job to break the awkward silence. "No, Deena, it's fine, please stay. We're all good friends here, it's not a big deal. We didn't mean to make you uncomfortable, it just caught us off-guard. But there is one ground-rule of "Guys' Weekend" that you have to promise you'll abide by."

"Sure, yeah, what is it?" she asked.

"What happens at the cabin, STAYS at the cabin!" The guys all laughed in agreement. "That means," Craig said, "that you can't go tattling back to our wives if we drink too much, smoke too much, swear too much, eat without washing our hands, or otherwise behave like slobs. Deal?"

"Deal!" she laughed, as she breathed a sigh of relief that they were welcoming her into the pack.

The rest of the afternoon flowed in a relaxed, comfortable manner. The boys played and rode their dirt bikes and four-wheelers while the guys busied themselves with collecting dry wood for the campfire they'd be having later. She worked inside the cabin, first getting the cots set up with linens, then working in the kitchen area to set up and prepare for the barbecue dinner they'd be having a little later.

From the large plate-glass window in the living area of the cabin, she stood looking out at the beautiful, peaceful nature scene. As much as she was a girlie-girl who enjoyed trips to the spa, gourmet meals, and generally being pampered, there was also a side to her that enjoyed being in the outdoors. She loved the lush, green forest that surrounded them, with birds flitting around the trees, and the serenity of the large pond behind the cabin. The guys all looked so happy, too, as they drank and laughed while cleaning up the area they'd be using for their picnic dinner and the campfire later.

She loved all four of these guys like they were family - they all got along very well and had a lot of fun together. Sam and Gary were like the two class clowns. They were both big teddy-bear types of guys, with jolly personalities and hearts of gold - and the dirtiest of minds when it came to those late-night conversations in the hotel hallways.

Rob was tall and thin, with jet-black hair and blue eyes. With his chiseled jaw and boyish good looks, he probably could have pursued a career as a model, but he was so humble and down-to-earth that he probably didn't even think he was attractive. He had a naturally athletic build, with strong, sculpted muscles on his legs and arms. He was a little more shy and reserved than the other guys, but Deena suspected that the reason may be because his wife is always by his side at team events and she seemed like a prude who probably kept his real personality on a tight leash.

Craig was of average build, with short blondish/grayish hair and blue eyes that twinkled when he smiled. He had a certain ruggedness to him that she found so attractive - he was the type of man who wasn't afraid to work hard and was very skilled with his hands. Watching him work so diligently with collecting wood and cleaning up the campsite, she couldn't help but admire what he had done to make this cabin - his dream - come true through all the blood, sweat, and tears he poured into building it on his own.

Deena also couldn't help but admire how hot he looked in his shorts and t-shirt. His skin was tanned from all the time he spent working outside on his house, his cabin, and other projects. He was muscular not from regular visits to a gym, but rather just from physical activity that he did in his job and through his endless home projects. Sure, he was carrying a little bit of extra weight, as most middle-aged men did, but that didn't detract from his rugged sex-appeal. 

She realized that the rum 'n Diet Coke she was drinking was going to her head when she started to fantasize about the fact that she'd be alone with these guys in the cabin tonight. Without her husband here, she'd be horny as hell but alone. Wait, not alone - surrounded by four strong, able-bodied men whose wives weren't here! Who would also be drinking and losing their inhibitions and self-control. Tonight could be very interesting!

***

By the time dinner had been grilled, eaten, and cleaned up, the campfire was roaring and the sun was starting to set. The boys sat on one side of the fire ring excitedly roasting marshmallows for s'mores, while the adults sat across from them on the other side, joking, laughing, and enjoying their drinks. Deena sat between Craig and Rob, while Sam and Gary sat to Craig's left. Sam and Gary were notoriously big drinkers - they would often drink more than a twelve-pack each in a single evening. The more they drank, the wilder the conversations became, although it also became evident when those two guys had overdone it because they would actually start to snooze while sitting in place. Tonight was shaping up to be one of those nights.

Rob and Craig were drinking less - enough to have a good time but at a sustainable pace that would let them stay up later to enjoy themselves. Deena had only finished a few rum 'n cokes, but with her lighter frame and lower tolerance, it had hit her hard and she was getting a bit drowsy. Not enough that she was ready for bed, but enough that she didn't realize she had actually slumped over to the side a little and was leaning up against Craig, periodically closing her eyes to rest them.

"Careful, don't fall forward into the fire," he teased in a whisper as he threw his arm around her in a friendly manner.

"Oh come on, I'm fiiiiiiiine," she drawled sloppily.

Craig chuckled and said quietly, "I don't think so - you're swaying and leaning into me. So until that alcohol wears off a little, I'm going to hold you in place so you don't get hurt or do something stupid that you'll regret later."

Deena sighed and tipped her head onto Craig's shoulder. She let out a soft, quiet moan as she leaned into his body, enjoying the feeling of his warmth and his strong arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her towards him. Feeling secure in his arms, she closed her eyes and snuggled against him, dozing as the conversation continued.

What seemed like moments later, Deena was startled awake by Craig's voice, "OK, boys, time for bed." She awoke in a daze and yawned as she looked around, suddenly realizing it was completely dark outside except for the fire in front of them.

"What time is it? How long was I out?" she asked as she looked around, while he gently stroked her back with his hand.

Craig twisted his watch towards the fire to see the time, "It's 10:30. I think you were asleep for the last hour and a half or so."

Startled, she exclaimed, "Are you kidding me?! I was asleep for that long?"

"Yep," he said as he stood up, stretched and yawned. "Let's get the kiddos off to bed."

She looked over at Rob, who was still sitting next to her, grinning like a Cheshire cat. Rob leaned over and teased, "Don't worry, what happens at the cabin stays at the cabin - I won't tell John you just fell asleep in Craig's arms."
