 When I was in college I dated a fantastic girl named Gwen. Gwen was a university volleyball player, therefore, tall and in great shape. The fact that she was 5'-10", blonde, blue-eyed and loved my cock didn't hurt either. She and I had been dating about a year and a half and had recently broken up for a month or so and gotten back together. I decided to go all out and take her on a terrific date before taking her home and ravishing that perfect body that I had missed so much over the last few weeks.

We went to The Pier, one of her favorites which sat on the Memphis riverfront and had a wonderful dinner and a few bottles of wine. Wine always made her extremely horny so I made sure that she consumed plenty and would be more than willing to jump my bones later. I intended on taking her out dancing after dinner. However, she was already feeling the effects of the wine and insisted on just walking the riverfront and finding a cozy spot. 

Soon, we found a bench and sat to just watch the riverboats chug along the Mississippi and enjoy each other's company. It didn't take long before I knew how much I was going to enjoy her company. As we were kissing, she started to rub my growing cock through my pants causing it to grow to its full potential. Before I knew what was happening, she had my cock free from my pants and was dropping to her knees in front of me as she stared longingly into my eyes. She told me that that she had missed my big cock and doesn't want to ever have to settle for another again. I smile to myself knowing that she had been going out with one of the so-called football gods of the university. 

My thoughts of gloating were soon forgotten as she takes the head into her mouth and swirls her tongue along the crown. My breath caught in my throat as she expertly devoured my cock. She must have learned some new tricks with his smaller cock as she has never used such enthusiasm before now. I was enjoying every lick and suck when I hear a voice being cleared to my right. We both look up to see a cop standing there watching. I immediately started stammering some kind of lame excuse, but she just laughed and told Gwen that she sees the attraction, but that we need to find a place less public. I quickly zipped up and we made our way back to the car.

My cock never lost any of its hardness and I worry that everyone we pass will notice. However, that was the last thing on Gwen's mind as she kept fondling me and whispering in my ear that we needed to get to my apartment quickly so we could finish what we had started. I knew that my roommate was having a party so I asked if her place was an option. She told me that her roomy, Kim, was out for the night and would probably stay at her boyfriend's place for the night. Obviously, we decided to go there. 

Upon arrival at her place, we noticed Kim's car in the lot, but assumed she must have gone in her boyfriend's car. As soon as we were inside the door, I had Gwen against the wall and was passionately kisses her while running my hands all over that hard body. I couldn't believe that my cock was harder than on the bench earlier. We were throwing clothes in all directions, desperately wanting the other naked so we could feel flesh on flesh, juice on juice. Pre-cum was flowing from my cock and her juices flowed copiously down her thighs as we groped in the entry hall. Finally de-clothed, I picked her up and carry her to the living room. Standing in the middle of the floor, I lifted her and placed the head of my cock at the entrance to her wet pussy. Just as she moaned yes, I slowly began sliding into her. Gwen was going crazy, biting, kissing, licking and clawing at me. She screamed as my cock split her open, begged me not to stop and to "keep slamming that monster into me."

Unbeknownst to us, Kim had not gone out with her boyfriend. She was in her room reading when we had entered. After hearing us come in and start going at it, she could not take it and had to watch. She peered around the hallway corner, not believing that her otherwise prim ad proper roomy was being drilled in the middle of the living room. Immediately, she began feeling the effects of watching Gwen's cunt sliding up and down my cock. One of her hands found her wet clit while the other found a hard nipple.

Let me describe Kim. Like Gwen, she was a volleyball player; tall, fit and fine as hell. If it were not for Kim's brown hair and dark complexion, they could pass for sisters. Anyway, Kim was now oblivious to her surroundings as she pulled off her shorts and tank top, furiously working her pussy with her hand. It was about at this point that I noticed some movement over Gwen's shoulder. My eyes could not believe what I was seeing. Kim was slumped against the wall, her dripping pussy wide open for me to see. Luckily, Gwen was oblivious to this display and I hoped she would remain that way as I had the best of both worlds; a tight cunt riding my cock and a beautiful object of many wet dreams pleasuring herself while watching.

I could feel the cum boiling in my balls and knew I could not last much longer. This was just too much to handle. Knowing that Gwen's favorite position was riding me while I lay on my back, I took a chance and maneuvered her that way, her back still to Kim. I was at just enough angle so I could continue to enjoy the show. I looked from Kim's body to her face and our eyes met for the first time. She froze, realizing what she was doing and her exposure. She had one hand in her pussy and the other in her mouth, licking her own juices while she longed for a cock. She threw caution to the wind and winked at me as she swapped hands to get a fresh taste. This threw me over the edge and I began to cum. Sensing this, Gwen jumped from my cock and immediately began jacking it with her hand as she waited for the explosion to hit her face. She didn't have to wait long as I shot rope after rope onto her face, in her hair and all over her upper body. She lay on top of me, sliding her body on mine, rubbing my cum all over and whispering sweet nothings to me. We drifted off to sleep right there on the floor; nude, satisfied and covered in our juices. 

To be continued...If you guys like it so far.