 My girlfriend told me about this new local gym the other day because I was complaining about the one I go to. The monthly fee was going up and it really wasn't that great. No cute guys and the management never kept up on the equipment. Jenna, my girlfriend, told me all about her gym and how many young hot guys worked out there on a daily basis, plus the gym was brand-new with all the latest stuff and I could join for cheaper than my old gym wanted to raise my rate. So I bailed out on my old gym and joined Jenna's.

The first time I went with her and... man... what a change. It was exactly what I was looking for. Talk about state of the art. She was right about the guys; hunky, young and in great shape. I didn't mind them looking at me, I too was in great shape, blonde and had invested in a new set of breasts to go with my toned body. When I lost all my body fat my breasts kind of shrunk with the rest of me so I just got them back to the size they were before. Nothing huge, just big enough to match my hips and fill out my sports bras.

Jenna and I flirted with the guys, but we also worked out and got plenty sweaty, we weren't just there for the guys but it was an added bonus. A few weeks went by and I was getting used to my new gym and learned most of the guy's names and when they were there. It seemed like every time I went the same two guys were there as well. Eric and Rob were their names and both of them were in incredible shape and good looking to go with it. I was plenty aware of how they both looked at me as well. We smiled at each other, talked a little, and all flirted between the three of us when we were there.

This went on for a couple of months. I got more and more comfortable around the gym and both Eric and Rob because they seemed to be on the same schedule as me so I saw them all the time. Sometimes I would think dirty thoughts about them when I watched them work out and what it would be like to have both of them together. These thoughts usually continued after a good hard work out when I was in the shower afterwards. This usually caused me to masturbate with thoughts of Rob and Eric pleasuring me at the same time. Then when I saw them the next time the thoughts would come back into my head and I would smile and flirt, thinking about what I did in the shower.

Another month passed and I was still having these thoughts and they were getting more and more intense and vivid. It didn't help that Rob and Eric were becoming even friendlier towards me. We often worked out together, spotted each other and touched quite a bit. It seemed inevitable that I would eventually sleep with one of them, sometimes a girl just knows. But I didn't expect what actually happened until it did. It was all me and those damn thoughts I kept having that did it.

It kind of just happened. I showed up at the gym after work and the only two cars in the lot were Eric's and Rob's. I was used to seeing them and knew them well. I went in and they called out my name like they always do when I show up. We started working out together like normal but for some reason, and I really don't know why, this particular work out got me really horny. I mean I was all sorts of worked up, both downstairs and up. My nipples seemed to be hard the entire time, which both Eric and Rob noticed but didn't say anything of course.

Finally about halfway through, I couldn't stand it anymore and just blurted out after a particularly hard set.

"Damn, I'm so horny!" I said without thinking.

The guys laughed but really didn't say much about my little outburst, and I could have just let it go and I don't think anything would have happened but I didn't let it go or stop there. I grabbed my breasts in front of them and started rubbing them because they were so sensitive and the nipples where extremely hard, pressing on my sports bra and sending shivers through my body. I looked at them both as they stood shocked a few feet away and watched me squeeze my breasts and rub my fingers over my hard nipples.

"Gawd! I want some so bad right now!" I said staring at them.

I didn't stop playing and quickly noticed both men were getting turned on, because the bulges in their shorts were getting bigger by the second. They couldn't stop watching me pinch my nipples and fondle my breasts. Soon they both had tents in their shorts and I could tell neither of them was lacking in length.

"So are you just going to stand there and stare or are you going to help a girl out?" I asked.

"Here?" Eric asked, looking around.

"Anyone could just walk in," Rob added.

"Fine, then where!" I almost shouted.

"My place is less than a mile away?" Rob suggested.

"Let's go before I change my mind!" I said.

I don't think I've ever see two guys move that fast. They were out the door and toward the exit before I could think about changing my mind. I didn't want to change it anyway. I was so turned on and wanted to see what they had under those tents. I followed them out the door. Eric was holding open Rob's truck door for me and I jumped up into it. It had an old bench seat and I slid over to the middle. Rob was already sitting in the driver's seat and Eric got in next to me. I was sandwiched between these two studs and I kind of smiled to myself, thinking this position was foreshadowing things to come.

Looking at both of them, the tents in their shorts had not gone down, if anything they were bigger now that they were sitting down. With both of them to either side of me and as Rob started backing out to leave, I used both hands and grabbed their cocks at the same time. Both of them jumped with surprise and Rob almost backed into my car behind him. What I had in both hands was very impressive. They were both rigid and from what I could feel, long and wide. I started rubbing both of them as best I could with their shorts on and talking to them.

"Oh, yeah, very nice guys. I can't wait to sample these," I said, giving both cocks a hard squeeze.

I rubbed them the entire drive to Rob's house, which took less than five minutes. He was driving well above the speed limit and he almost hit his garage door as he was pulling in, he was going so fast. We all got out and went into Rob's house.

"Where's the bedroom!" I asked, pulling off my sports bra and tossing it on the ground behind me.

I looked back at the two stunned men behind me with my hands over my breasts. Rob pointed and I winked at him.

"Better come get me," I said heading the direction he noted.

When they caught up I was sitting on the bed with my hands still over my breasts as they entered the room. They both froze and I smiled coyly up at them.

"How long have you guys wanted to see these," I asked, looking down at my breasts.

"Since we first saw you," Eric said.

"Yeah, for sure," Rob echoed.

"Well, it's your lucky day, boys," I said, removing my hands.

My new breasts didn't even settle after my hands were gone and from the look on both their faces, they liked what they saw. My areolas were scrunched tight, making them darker than normal and lifting my nipples to full height. I still had my shorts on, sitting there as the two guys admired my naked top half.

"Well, don't just stand there gawking come get them," I said.

Both of them moved quickly, sitting on the bed on both sides of me. Eric moved first, taking his left hand and grabbing my left breast. Rob followed quickly after with my right. Their hands felt hot and wonderful. They squeezed gently but differently and it was quite a turn on to feel the difference in how they touched me at the same time. As they played, I grabbed hold of their cocks again, stroking and tugging at them in their shorts. I let them fondle my breasts for a good while until I suddenly stood up and turned around to face them.

"Let's see what you have now," I said.

They hesitated only slightly before pulling down their shorts. Both cocks were rock hard and arched upward toward their tight stomachs. Rob was slightly longer than Eric but I think Eric's was wider. I was about to find out.

"Oh, my... very nice," I said, dropping to my knees in front of both of them.

I reached forward, taking both cocks in my hands, finally getting to feel them without anything on. They were hot and wide, but I was right. Eric's was wider. I stroked the loose skin on both of them slowly up and down and heard groans of ecstasy leave their lips. I admired their shape and the veins running along their shafts. Both heads were engorged with blood and almost shiny from how tight the skin was over the purplish flesh. I stroked a little faster and at the same time, up and down as I watched their expressions.

"Now, who should I suck first?" I asked, looking at each cock as I decided.

Neither of them answered such a rhetorical question but I made my decision based on the amount of pre-cum oozing out of their glassy heads. Eric had a large bead of clear juice already and I went right after it with my tongue, licking it off before taking his wide head into my mouth. I didn't neglect Rob. I kept stroking him as I sucked Eric for about a minute before switching over to Rob's cock. He was oozing now too and I sampled his offering. They were both musty from our workout and salty but I was too horny to care. I soon had sucked them so much they both just tasted like my own saliva mixed with a little salty pre-cum as it continued to ooze from their cocks.

I sucked them back and forth for several minutes, all the time I could feel my panties and shorts getting more and more wet from the lust that had taken over. I loved sucking their large cocks; it was such a turn on to see how far I could inhale them. I made such a mess with both of them that large strings of goo clung to their shafts and my chin as I sucked, dripping down to their heavy balls. They kept their person hair trimmed almost to nothing, just like I did. I must have looked like an absolute whore on my knees going back and forth between these two cocks like a horny slut. I didn't give a fuck. I just wanted to suck and suck.

"Fuck... Lacy! I'm going to cum," Rob was saying as I was sucking him at that point.

I somehow I heard him and took him out of my mouth grabbing his balls, hard.

"No, not yet, we're just getting started," I said, before releasing his sack.

He cringed from my squeezing but he didn't cum so I must have stopped in time. I gave him a break and turned my attention to Eric for a few more minutes until he too seemed ready to blow. I stopped short before he said anything and stood up.

"I'll give you guys a second while I get out of these shorts."

I turned around and without bending my knees slid my shorts and panties down my legs, displaying my tight ass for both of them and I'm sure my wet pussy as well as I bent over. I looked behind me and saw their expressions again. Priceless. 

"You guys like my little pussy? Who wants to be the first to eat it?" I asked, turning around.

This time, both hands shot up like kids in grade school that finally knew an answer to a question from the teacher.

"Oh, I think that was a tie. I guess you'll have to share me," I said, walking around to the side of the bed and lying down on it. "I do have other things you can lick and sample," I said.

They must have decided inaudibly because Eric went right for my tits and Rob spread my legs and dropped his face to my moist sex. Both mouths hit me at the same time and I moaned in passion. Rob's entire mouth covered my sex and I felt his tongue go deep inside of me. Eric practically inhaled my left breast with his mouth and then started licking my erect nipple with his mouth covering my areola. I had never felt anything like it. I've been eaten before and had my breasts sucked on but never at the same time. It was unbelievable! Both sensations seemed to combine and I suddenly felt light headed and like I wasn't even awake anymore.

The sensations only got more intense as the boys worked on my body. Apparently they didn't mind a little salty sweat from the workout either. Soon fingers were in my sex and my clit was ringing with bliss from Rob's tongue. Eric had my right nipple between finger and thumb as he sucked and nibbled on my left. They got more and more aggressive until I was cumming so suddenly I wasn't prepared for the outcome. I had never cum like that before, never that quickly nor that massive. It took me so much by surprise I almost fought against it until I realized what was happening. Then I let myself go and gave in to the most intense orgasm of my life to that point. I don't know how long it lasted, what I said or did, but I just remember it was the most amazing climax of my existence.

When it finally ended and I remembered where I was as I opened my eyes. Neither Rob nor Eric was touching me anymore. From the looks on their faces something must have scared them or worried them at least.

"Are you okay?" Eric asked.

"Yeah, why?" What happened?

"You don't remember," Rob asked.

"Not really, I just remember how good it felt. Did I do something?"

"You kind of passed out. We thought we killed you," Eric said.

"Oh wow, nope, I'm fine, very fine," I said, my body still tingling from the massive orgasm.

"Damn, I've never seen a chick climax like that before," Rob said.

"Same here. That was crazy shit."

"It was amazing for me; I guess all this excitement made it that much better. Now if you're not worried about me, can we continue? I want a cock inside me."

Neither of them moved, I thought maybe they were done with me. I must have really scared them. I took matters into my own hands or mouth in this case, since they weren't doing anything. I sat up, turned my head and started sucking Eric's cock, which had started to go soft from his worry. It soon plumped up in my mouth and I took it out to speak.

"Rob, fuck me!" I blurted, looking up at him doing nothing.

This must have got his attention because no sooner did I start sucking Eric again, Rob was sawing his head up and down my wet sex until finally feeding his long cock into me. Shit it was long! It seemed like it just kept going inside deeper and deeper. Finally I felt his body hit mine and he had bottomed out. I looked down at him and his expression showed pure bliss as he held his cock inside as deep as it would go. I focused back on Eric and Rob started to withdraw and then ease himself back in. I had two men inside my body for the first time. One in my mouth and the other in my sex. It was amazing, something I'd wondered about before but never had the courage to do or the chance.

Eric fondled my breasts as I sucked him and Rob started getting into it. His thrust became faster and harder and soon he lifted my legs for even more depth. The force of his thrusts made it harder to suck on Eric and I actually had the thought cross my mind of admiration for porn stars that could keep sucking while getting slammed as hard as possible. It wasn't easy for sure. I did my best but most of it was just stroking Eric with his head in my mouth more than a proper blowjob.

Rob suddenly slowed down and pulled out. He was at his limit and from the look on his face it was a surprise. He actually grabbed his cock and squeezed the head before he lost his nut. Eric saw his chance and took it. He moved away from my mouth and the two friends changed places. Before Eric could take me, I rolled over and got on my hands and knees so he could take me doggystyle. I looked back just as he penetrated my sex with his wide cock. He felt wider for sure but not as long so it was a different sensation than Rob. I liked it. Eric really stretched me out and my lips pulled at my clit as he shoved his fat cock all the way in. I turned back around to find Rob's cock in my face. I didn't even mind my juices covering his cock; I just opened up and took him inside my mouth as Eric fucked me from behind.

My first threesome was turning out just like I imagined. My little pussy was being slammed hard while I tried to suck on a cock. I felt Eric's hands grab my hips and he pounded even harder and deeper, stretching my sex probably more than ever before. My clit stayed hard and tingled as the base of his cock pulled the skin taunt around it. My sucking wasn't going very well. I couldn't use my hands because I was using them to hold myself up and Eric was rocking me so much it was difficult to properly bob up and down on Rod's dick. He eventually just held my head and slid it in and out while I kept my lips tight around the shaft. He wasn't an ass; he didn't shove it too deep, just as much as I could manage without gagging.

It was a surreal experience to be doing what I did. Sure I'd thought about having two men at once but actually doing it is another story. Talk about a huge turn on. I get plenty turned on when I suck a guy and to have that added to a cock taking me doggystyle was incredible. I think it was less than five minutes before I started cumming again. I didn't pass out this time or whatever, but it was still amazing. My legs shook and I felt myself get very wet as my pussy started to contract and spasm. Eric commented that I was cumming again; I think it was for Rob if he couldn't tell. I guess me cumming was quite a turn on for Eric because he too had to pull out before he shot his wad.

This was when I told Rob to lie down on the bed and I crawled over him. Reaching under myself, I pushed his cock vertical and sat down on him, taking the cock just in my mouth back into my drenched sex. I started rising and falling on his long dick, letting me rise high and fall further than ever before since he was so long. He grabbed my tits and leaned forward to suck on them as I gyrated my hips and slammed down with a circular motion to bend his cock in all the right places. I had never been in this kind of mood before, never acted like a flat out porn star but I was doing my best impression of one. I have to admit it was the hottest thing I've ever done.

Not long after I started riding Rob like a pro, Eric walked to the side of the bed and presented his cock to me. With him standing, he was the perfect height for me to suck and still grind and fuck Rob under me. This position was actually the best for me. I could control how high I went and how much I moved, giving me the ability to suck better as well as control the pleasure inside my sex. With hands on my breasts, a long cock in my sex and a wide one in my mouth, I was in pleasure overload and building a third orgasm rapidly. I was sure both guys were close as well. From the feel of each cock, they were right ready to burst. I didn't blame them. I mean this was probably a new experience for them as well and we had been fucking each other by then for over thirty minutes. 

Taking Eric out of my mouth, I asked them, "Do you guys want to cum?"

"Yes, please," Rob said from under me.

Eric just nodded and I smiled before taking him back in my mouth and sucking hard and letting him pop from my mouth before speaking again.

"Okay, good... I want you to cum on my boobs, both of you."

I didn't all of a sudden let them cum. I started riding harder and sucking again. I continued until I had cum my third time, just drenching Rob in my secretions. In my fits of pleasure I fell off him and lay on my back on the bed, shaking. I was at least able to tell them to cum for me and they sure did. I grabbed my breasts and held them, awaiting their offering.

Both of them knelt on the bed on either side of my quivering body and stroked their cocks until they exploded. It wasn't at the same time but really close. Eric's wide cock sprayed first, almost hitting Rob across my body and leaving a long line of white semen across both breasts. Another rope launched out from Eric before Rob began. His cock didn't shoot as far but seemed a lot thicker, just a small thick spurt that dropped down and made a huge splash on my right breast. They moaned and groaned as they stroked their gushing cocks all the way through until I was covered in semen from their drained balls. I had never seen that much cum in my life it was epic. Now I really felt like a porn queen slut.
