 Prologue:
I looked out my window and down onto the street. He was standing in front of the bakery on the corner. He knew I would see him. He looked up and waved. It was the first time I had seen Nick in a few years. I had hoped never to see him again. But I knew that was unlikely. He started toward the building and I began removing my clothes.

I should back up and tell you how it all started.

PART 1

I smelled apples and looked up to see him standing there. He was older than the college crowd filling up almost every inch of the fraternity house. In his tweed jacket, jeans and loafers he looked out of place among the young students around him. Still, he seemed strangely familiar and there was an instant sense of connection between us. He introduced himself as Nick and we stood near each other watching people writhing to the loud thumping rhythm. 

I was almost nineteen and attending a college away from my small home town. My boyfriend Chad was a Sophomore and had been very good about showing me around and getting me into all the cool parties. Chad had gone to refill our beers and I was waiting dutifully where he had left me. It was a big party with lots of people, so we didn’t want to lose each other.

Other guys had tried to chat me up but I had dismissed them with my disinterested look. No doubt, I had dressed to attract attention. I was in a sexy black dress with a skirt that was short and tight. I had the body of a young woman with all the right curves and was enjoying testing the waters of my new sexuality. One where I was away from home and could do as I pleased. 

It didn’t occur to me to send Nick packing. He seemed friendly and sincere in a masculine sort of way. His eyes were crystal blue and seemed to sparkle when he talked. He leaned in to talk to me over the music and soon we were laughing. He put his arm around me with his hand on my shoulder and I felt a tingle run through my body. I don’t remember what we talked about but it seemed very funny and almost like a secret between us. Me and this man I had just met. 

As we talked his hand moved down my back and as he did so I felt shivers run over my skin. It was exciting and frightening that my body was reacting in that way. As he slid over my shoulder blades my nipples stood up like an alarm going off and my breasts swelled with arousal. Desire washed over me as he moved his hand down my back. I knew where he was going and I both dreaded and anticipated his arrival. I thought of stopping him but I couldn’t seem to draw the willpower.

Finally his hand came to rest on my ass and he gave my cheek a light squeeze. To avoid any lines I hadn’t worn any panties under my dress and the thin fabric clung closely to my skin. It was like his hand was on my naked bottom and the effect was twice as intense as before. My pussy lit up like a pinball machine. I could feel my lips begin to swell and lubricate.

Here I was in the middle of a huge crowd of people, having polite conversation with a man who was feeling me up and making me incredibly horny. A man I had only just met while my boyfriend was away refilling our beers. The moment seemed so unreal.

We chatted like nothing was happening but on the inside my body was overheating. I didn’t know how I could just stand there without anyone noticing my arousal. Nick slipped his hand between my cheeks and pressed in on the soft flexible fabric. While his palm cupped my bottom his fingers pushed into the gap between my legs. They first reached my asshole sending an erotic charge into my previously non sexual anal passage. 

When he reached the back of my pussy lips the pulse that ran through me made me jerk. I gasped and lost my balance. I stepped out to keep from falling and found myself suddenly a pace away from Nick. He held out his hand to help balance me but I felt suddenly different. Like I had woken up from a dream. I took another step away and made an excuse about having to go to the bathroom. As I walked away I looked back at him. He stood there with a knowing smile and took a sip from a glass of red wine. 

My thoughts went wild. Where did he get red wine? Nobody else had anything but beer. Weird. Everything about the encounter was very strange. How could I let some stranger feel me up and get me so hot? A little further and I would have been begging him to take my virginity in the middle of the dance floor. A mental picture of Nick and I naked and screwing on the wooden floor while people danced around us flashed into my head.

I finally found an empty bathroom on the second floor and locked myself in. I looked in the mirror and adjusted my hair. It was done up in the style of the day and I had spent a long time on my make up. The little black dress accentuated my muscular yet feminine frame by clinging tightly to every curve. I really liked Chad and had wanted to impress him that night. 

My thoughts of Chad were interrupted as I ran my eyes down my image in the mirror. Looking at my boobs I realized I hadn’t completely recovered from my hyper aroused state. I was shaking slightly. My nipples pressed obviously through the dress and my clit still tingled with desire. I lifted the hem of my skirt up to my waist and looked at the slippery folds of my pussy. They wanted sex.

Feeling safe in my little bathroom I decided I needed to relieve the stress and “get off” before I went back downstairs. I pressed the base of my hot mound against the cool porcelain sink top. The effect sent a bolt of sweet pleasure through my loins. 


Steadying myself with one hand I lifted one knee up onto the sink and pushed my other hand between my legs. I groaned as my fingers began stroking my steaming slit. I imagined Chad kneeling in front of me with his tongue lapping at my hot snatch.

I ran two of my fingers up and around, spreading the slimy wetness to test the sensitivity of the entire area. My index finger separated the lips- outer then inner. Leading my index finger to circle the area that craved to be touched. 

Breathing more deeply, I found the magic spot inside my vagina. Slightly firm, and swelling as my index finger encountered it. A deep rich feeling of desire rushed through the area. My thumb found the clitoris to massage it at the same time. The moisture increased almost to the point of dripping. 

I rubbed my engorged and hot clitoris, increasing stimulation to the magic spot. I felt my genitals swelling the more I rubbed. My cheeks flushed and I felt a strong tingling sensation building like a volcano ready to explode. I gyrated my hips in rhythm with my self stimulation and wanted to imagine Chad behind me filling me with his cock and taking my cherry. But, the image that jumped into my mind - and made me hotter - was that of Nick. 

I couldn’t ignore the idea of him standing behind me, holding my hips, as he violently hammered into me. His eyes excitedly watching me in the mirror while writhed on his cock. The thought caused me to rub harder and faster, plunging my index finger deeper and stronger into my vagina. The spasms began. They built stronger and stronger as I continued to press and rub. 

My pelvis suddenly pulsated into shudders, making me shake with giddy pleasure. I moaned Nick’s name as I shook through my powerful orgasm.

As the moment subsided I continued to rub gently to release every last spasm. I began to breathe more deeply - cleansing breaths. Afterward, I leaned forward onto the cool tile, closed my eyes and exhaled a satisfied sigh. Bringing my leg down to the floor it occurred to me that I really had to pee before I got sidetracked by my horniness.

I plopped down on the toilet and let loose a hard stream to relieve my full bladder. There’s nothing like a good pee after an orgasm. It’s almost like the sex itself and I absently stroked my nipples as I sat there. My body was in a relaxed and semi sexual state. That’s when things started to get weird again.

The door suddenly opened and Nick walked in. “Hey!” I shouted “I’m in here!”

“I know” he said closing the door “that’s why I came in.”

“The fucking door was locked!” I spat!

“Such language.” Nick chided me “from such a beauty.”

I was so mad I just sat there and finished up. I continued what seemed like the longest pee of my life while Nick stood looking down at me.

“Enjoying yourself?” I snapped.

“Oh, immensely” he laughed and his eyes sparkled. For some reason I couldn’t be mad at him. I realized that I had been in a sexually aroused state since I first saw him. It wasn’t emotional like with someone you might want to date or have a relationship with. It was purely primal and sexual. I realized that I really wanted him.

Still I didn’t feel like giving in that easily. I stood up, wiped, flushed and pulled my skirt down. Giving him an eyeful of my little blonde muff. I felt a little guilty pleasure in teasing him. I then pushed passed him and stepped to the sink. Turning on the water I washed my hands and touched up my makeup. My hair was not as perky as it had been because of my little session before Nick’s arrival. I was wondering what I was going to do next when I caught something out of the corner of my eye.

Nick had his cock out and was peeing. I hadn’t noticed because of the running water in the sink. I was shocked but intrigued and I couldn’t help but stare. Although a virgin at the time I had seen plenty of dicks and this was undoubtedly the biggest one. It looked as thick and long as the center cylinder of a roll of paper towels.

He was talking to me about something and I heard myself speaking but my concentration was totally on his dick. It seemed so bizarre to be standing there staring at a man I hardly knew as he peed. He wanted to show me something, and was trying to pull it out of the pocket of his tweed jacket, but was having trouble.

“Hold this for a second” he said motioning to his powerful hose.

I don’t know what I was thinking but I stepped over, took it into my hand and pointed it at the bowl. It was hot and soft and I could barely get my fingers around it. I could feel the liquid rumbling through to the end and it seemed to have a life of its own. He had handed me his draining pipe as if he had wanted me to hold the wheel of a car on the freeway. 

“Careful” he said as he started digging into his pocket. “Ok, here it is.”

Funny, but to this day I can’t remember what it was. I remember talking about it. I remember shaking his cock to coax out the final drops of his urine as we continued our discussion. I flushed and lowered the lid of the toilet so I could sit down in front of him. While we chatted I realized I was absently stroking him.

“I’ve got plans for you” he said.

“Like what?” I asked incredulously.

“Mostly in the future but some more contemporary” he said seriously “like how you’re about to suck my cock.” 

“Oh, I am. Am I?” I tried to be smart alecky. I didn’t want him to think he was in total control of me. But I sat there stroking him and realized that I had wanted his hot organ in my mouth from the moment I saw it. The knowing way he looked at me made me I stop pretending and bring it to my lips.

"Open up," he said. "Open your pretty mouth and take it in."

I opened my lips and pulled his cock forward to fill my mouth. It felt good against my tongue. 

“You like the feel of it in your mouth” he said. It wasn’t a question. He was revealing my thoughts.

I had to admit, at least to myself, that I did like it. I had seen a few penises up close in the last few years. I had jacked or sucked off guys in high school. You don’t keep your virginity and stay cool without making some trade offs. They were local boys I was dating and ended up getting a little too hot with. Mostly sweaty experimentation.

Then there was Mr. Davies in his Porsche as he drove me home from a babysitting job one night. The idea of speeding down the highway in an expensive German car with my mouth wrapped around a thick dick really turned me on. The smell of the leather seats intoxicated me and the feel of power made me shake. He had shot off as he pulled into my parents driveway and I came without a touch.

I had the same feeling now. I wanted to suck Nick’s cock until I came from the intensity. I opened my throat and sank down on the thick shaft. I was amazed that it fit with little discomfort. In fact it felt great. Sucking him was making me tingle with pleasure from the inside out. I stroked my tongue against his tool as I began deep throating him in and out.

"Good, just like that.” Nick instructed “You look so sexy with your lips wrapped around my cock. The way you use your tongue is very nice. That's it, you're doing fine. Oh, yes, you're doing fine. Suck it, baby, suck that cock!"

He fucked my face for at least five minutes, sliding his cock in and out of my open mouth, until I began to taste the salty flow of his pre-cum increase. I encouraged him by bobbing my head back and forth against his groin. Taking in his entire length and pulling almost all the way back before diving down again.

“Here it comes…” he grunted before unleashing a torrent into my mouth.

I swallowed to avoid choking but jism ran down my throat, out my mouth and over my chin.

Nick laughed and pulled back enough so that his thick cock head was at my lips. He finished himself off with his hand, pumping his shaft with his fingers. He milked his cock, emptying his balls down my gulping throat.

I looked up at him and licked his thick cream from my lips. I hadn’t cum but it was ok. The emotion was intense and I somehow knew it wasn’t over. His bobbing shaft was still hard.

"Stand up and turn around." He ordered. “bend over the sink.” 

I had a little resistance left but I didn’t want to give him what he was after. I had been saving myself for so long I wasn’t sure I was ready to fuck this guy I just met. A blow job was one thing but the taking of my virginity was quite another. Especially not with that big tool. I still wasn’t sure how I’d got it in my mouth.

He didn’t wait for me to decide. Reaching down, he pulled me to my feet and spun me around. He gave me a little push and I toppled over the counter top where I had just frigged myself. I Knew he was taking me “doggie-style” and I thought “at least I can watch in the mirror.” 

Standing directly behind me, he pulled my dress off my shoulders and slid it down my body like removing a stocking. I lifted each leg to step out of it and realized I was totally naked and at his mercy. He placed one hand on my lower hips grasped his cock and moved forward until it touched the entrance to my pussy. I reached down between my legs and spread my lips so he could guide himself inside. Slowly the head was inserted into me.

"Are you ready? Are you ready for your first cock?"

"I'm ready." was my humble reply. “Wait! How did you knooooahh?” I tried to ask but he pulled my body back and thrust his hips forward, plunging his cock to the hilt.

"Aieeeee!" I screamed as the sensations flowed through my pussy to the rest of my body. My pussy was juicy and wet from sucking his cock and fingering my clit. I barely felt my hymen tear and I was glad to have it gone without any pain.

I savored the feel of his monster meat up in my tunnel. It was wrapped in my warmth and I could plainly feel the spasms of his throbbing muscle. He pulled backward until he was about to pop out. As he firmly held my hips, I began to push back onto him and refill myself with his cock. He held me off for a moment and then thrust forward, stabbing me with his spear.

"Uuuuhhh!" I groaned again as his cock hit bottom. He pushed forward and back again and again. Each time forcefully thrusting into me, I yelped in a mixture of passion and pleasure. Gradually we settled into a gentle but steady rhythm. The only sound was our grunting each time he thrust into me and the slap..slap...slap when his hips contacted my ass. I savored the moment.

His strong hands worked furiously; one stroking a nipple while the other worked on my clit. I looked down through my swinging cleavage and could see his balls slapping back and forth like a crazed piston at a drag race. His cock was massive, and I could feel each and every thrust throughout my pussy. 

He was so deliciously in control that I surrendered to him completely. In an age of women’s power and responsibility the very thought of giving myself to a man was taboo. And a complete turn on. 

He was saying things to me. I can’t remember exactly what but they were naughty, dirty things that turned me on even more. I found myself hanging on his every word and humping back against his every thrust. He put images in my head and told me to think of things that I normally would have thought of as depraved and bizarre but under the circumstances they just heated me up. 

He leaned over me and began pumping in and out with longer, deeper strokes. My tits were pressed into the sink top. I was in an erotic haze as I watched us in the reflection of the chrome faucet. Every time our bodies slapped together his image shook and blurred in the reflection. My body was like sexual jello as I began grunting through a series of building orgasms. His voice remained constant but the reflection started to change. As the faucet shook it looked like a series of different people behind me. I wanted to turn and look but spasms of pleasure were rippling across my body.

First it looked like Mr. Davies, then a neighbor from my street back home, then my physics professor each pounding into me. The pleasure sent shock waves through me and it was hard to focus but I recognized several others including the elderly black janitor from my last job. Suddenly I felt myself go over the edge and was struck by a final, powerful, toe curling orgasm. The world went blank and the next thing I heard was the rumbling of a train. Then I heard voices and slowly began to come back to reality. “Train” someone said and there was laughter. Then my body began to rise out of its numbness and I felt someone lodged inside my sore pussy. 

It wasn’t Nick. I knew it in an instant. “She’s pulling a train!!” the voice said again and I groggily turned my head to see who it was. I was shocked at what I saw. The door to the bathroom was open and there were five or six guys crowded inside. Some were unzipping while others were putting their equipment away as they left. I was confused and terrified but couldn’t move. 

The guy behind me was holding me down as his strokes became more urgent, "Hunh, Hunh, Hunh, Hunh, HUNH, HUNH, HUNH, HUNH", "How do you like that!" He was grunting hard and I could feel him starting to spasm. "AAAAAAgggghhh", he screamed loudly, and pumped hard one more time before pulling from my pussy as his orgasm overcame him. A stream of white semen exploded from the end of this prick and sailed, arching up over my ass and lower back. My head was turned and the spray hit my lips, cheek and eye. I felt myself coated with slick cum all over my naked body. 

His weight suddenly lifted from me and moved. My momentary relief was lost when he lifted a knee up onto the sink, directed his cock to my face and he spasmed hard again as he fired his final spurt, into my mouth. 

A girl’s voice in the hall said “slut!”

I looked at the door and saw Chad standing there with a shocked look on his face. “Chad…” I gasped “please get me out of here.”

Epilogue:

Luckily he did. He got me dressed and back home but that was the end of any kind of romantic relationship. I couldn’t explain it to him because I didn’t understand myself it at the time.

That wasn’t the last time I saw Nick and over the years he has found me whenever his needs dictated. He uses different names and comes at unusual times but I always know who he is. The common thread is that the sex is fantastic and it always results in something bad happening. 
