 Holy shit, dude! I had a threesome in the back of my car last night! I've got to tell you ALL the details. They may not all be in the right order.

Here's how it went down:

Beth and two of her friends (Cassie and Nancy) went to a wine show downtown and got VERY drunk. They ended up getting kicked out of a restaurant because Cassie couldn't stand up.

I texted Beth and told her that if she needed, I could go pick them up. They were planning on waiting until Beth was sober enough to drive, but figured Cassie couldn't make it.

Meanwhile, unknown to me, Nancy (the hot 30-something year old) was telling Beth that a couple things on her bucket list were to make a woman come, and have sex in a car. Beth texted me and said, "Nancy and I may make out in the back seat." I figured it would just be the average tit-grabbing and kissing that drunk chicks do -- so did Beth.

So Cassie climbs into the front seat with me, while Beth and Nancy climb into the back. Beth says, "As soon as we get on the highway, I'm straddling Nancy. It's not cheating if it's with another woman, right Honey?" Fucking right!

So we get on the highway, Beth pulls off her sweater (black push-up bra), and clambers aboard Nancy. Then I hear Beth say, "Oh my god! She just took off her dress!" I adjusted my rear-view mirror.

They start making out, Nancy tells Beth to lie down, then says, "These things are in my way." I'm trying to drive, and not be rude to Drunk Cassie, who insists on carrying on a conversation with me, but suddenly I see both of Beth's feet in the air, with underwear, pantyhose, and a shoe still on one foot. Then Nancy's head starts moving between Beth's legs. That's all I can see, but I figure at worst, this will give me jack-off material for weeks, and maybe even some good dirty talk for sex. Didn't think it would go further.

Beth keeps shouting, "Oh my god!"

I say to Cassie, "I'm taking you home first." She gives me directions to her house, but when she opens the door the interior light comes on, and Beth and Nancy sit up and cover themselves. At that point, I assume the show was over.

Cassie got out, and I said, "I'll just keep driving around until you two are done." Smart guy.

After a couple minutes, Beth says, "Would you like to pull over and watch?" I find a secluded parking lot and pull over. Nancy is still eating Beth. Beth tells me to get out and come in her side of the back seat. She lies across my legs and has me play with her nipples while Nancy makes her come (lots of moaning).

Nancy pulls up her glistening face and says, "Holy shit, you're a gusher!" Beth has never gushed before.

Once again, I figure this is as good as it gets and it's over. Wrong. Beth says, "I need some cock in me", pulls down my pants, and straddles me.

Since I figure there is no better time to push my luck, I start fingering Nancy. Beth asks me if I'm having fun, so I say, "My cock is in you, and my fingers are in Nancy: I'm having fun."

So then Beth (best wife ever!) says, "Nancy, you need some of this". She gets off of me (while assuring Nancy that I've had a vasectomy), leans the front seats forward to give us more room, and plays with my balls while Nancy rides me. Sweet!

Then I go down on Nancy while she sucks Beth's tits. I should mention that Nancy has had laser treatment on her snatch so she is totally bald -- no stubble or anything. I'm licking her clit and have a finger in her, but can't see what they're doing, so I switch to rubbing her clit with my thumb, while fingering her again. Beth looks down and says, "Is there anything else you would like Paul to do?" (best wife EVER!).

Nancy says, "What he's doing is good!" Beth says it's not good enough and tells me to use two fingers instead.

After a while, Nancy says, "I want to watch you two fuck" (best friend ever!). So I fuck Beth from behind, while she sucks Nancy's tits. That's a tough angle in our little car, so I pull out and stick my thumb in Beth, with my fingers on her clit, and just grabbing whatever tits I can get a handle on. As I'm doing this, Beth gushes AGAIN -- like soaks my whole hand, and splashes on the car seat.

Beth asks me, "Is there anything else you would like to do?"

Since it's obvious that nothing is pushing my luck anymore, I say, "It would be a shame if Nancy didn't blow me." So I rub and spank Nancy's ass, and play with Beth's tits while Nancy blows me. It wasn't the best blow job ever (Beth gives those), but it was VERY enthusiastic. And really, as long as there's no biting, there's no such thing as a BAD blow job.

We confessed to Nancy that while she was TOTALLY welcome to continue, she probably wouldn't be able to make me come because the medication I'm on makes that difficult. (And that's a good thing, or I would have blown my wad two minutes into this whole thing!). Nancy confessed that her orgasms are also "somewhat elusive".

Eventually, our kids phoned us asking when we were coming home (God damn it!). So we all found our clothes, and I got in the front seat to drive. I said, "Just in case this never happens again..." and gave Nancy's tits another grope. Gotta seize the day!

As we were driving Nancy to her house, I said, "I'm not sure what the protocol is in these situations, so I'll just say that was fucking fabulous".

She said, "Well thanks guys for helping me cross three things off my bucket list." Of course, I asked if she had MORE threesomes on her bucket list, and she just laughed. So this may have just been a one-time event, but if that's the way it has to be, I can live with that.

As Nancy was getting out of the car, she gave us a great big smile and said, "I love you guys."

We went home and put the boys to bed, then Beth asked, "Would you be offended if I got myself off with one of my vibrators?" Stupid, stupid question. So she did that while I sucked her tits. After she was done, I fucked her until I came too. It was a couple hours until I fell asleep, and I had to beat off two more times. I woke up at 4AM for another one.

This morning, Beth confessed that she woke up a few times and beat off as well.

When we were fucking, Beth said, "If she asks us, we're totally doing that again, but if she just asks me, would that be okay?"

I said, "As long as you tell me all about it afterward."

Then she said the golden words, "The same applies to you." Best wife EVER!

When I was driving Beth to work this morning, I told her, "It wasn't just my cock talking last night: you can fuck Nancy any time you like."

She said, "Well then I may not like it, but you can as well. Just don't bug her about it."

So basically we're waiting for Nancy to make the first move. It will probably never happen again, but god damn!

Since Beth turned 40, she has been on fire -- and she was always good. We have a full suite of vibrators, ties and blindfolds, porn, a butt plug, and I'm in negotiations for nipple clamps.

LIVING THE DREAM!