 Authors note:

This is part of the "A Man's Adventures" series. This, as all the other stories in this series, prior and forthcoming, are all at least partially true. The acts in these stories actually did take place, the names have been changed and the memories magnified. However, the places and acts described are actual events that have happened to me during my lifetime. The stories have no chronological order, instead are written as I recall and fantasize about my experiences.

If you enjoy reading this, or any other "A Man's Adventure" stories, your comments and reactions would be much appreciated.

* * * * * *

"God, I'd love to have a threesome. You, me and another girl..."

This was the phrase I heard the most during sex with Mollie. Sure. Every guys dream. Right? Well, yes, and no. Mollie wanted the threesome in the worst way. We fantasized about this happening for the entire three years we dated.

The fantasy was always the same and went something like this:

(Mollie) I want you to set it all up without me knowing. I want you to surprise me sometime by taking me to a hotel, blindfolding me and taking off all my clothes. It's not against my will, you know I want it, but I don't want to ever see the woman or know who it was. I want her to touch me, eat me, and let me do the same to her. I want you to fuck us both and I just want to hear, not watch.

Of course this fantasy suited me just fine. I think on some level she really wanted it to happen, but wasn't sure if she could do it or if I would set it up. When we talked about it, it always came back to "You know that's just a fantasy"... But when we were in the middle of hot, steamy sex, she'd beg for it and tell me how badly she wanted me to make this happen "No matter what I say when we're talking about it!"

Along the course of our years together, I owned a small business which had some employees. One of them, Holly, was the biggest slut you ever will know. Unfortunately, the only attractive thing about Holly was that she was willing to do ANYTHING with ANYONE ANYWHERE. I take it back. She also had nice tits. But that's where it ends. She was a big girl. Not fat. Solid. Thinking back I can't even tell you what made her ugly. But rest assured, this girl was hideously ugly. Of course the fact that she loved sex made all of the men who had her (me included) forget that she was ugly. None of us would ever admit to fucking her, but it was a known fact that all of us and countless others had.

Mollie had it in for Holly. She was convinced that I was fucking "that slut" and no matter what I said to her to convince her that I wasn't, she just wasn't buying it. So this went on for about 6 months. I was fucking Holly at the office, in her apartment, in her car, in my car, in hotels, wherever I could during the day. And going home at night to fuck Mollie, telling her that I'd never fuck "that hideous slut" because everyone else was and Mollie was all I needed to satisfy me.

Holly didn't have much to say about "The Bitch" either. I'd say that pretty much says it all. Holly and I took every opportunity to discreetly rub it in Mollie's face that I was getting some away from home. But, that's another story.

One afternoon while Holly was giving me the most incredible blow job, the phone rang. Wouldn't you know it was Mollie.

"Hey, baby! What's going on today?"

"Oh, not too much... Just the usual..."

"What're we doing this weekend... Anything special?"

"Maybe I found what you really want and we'll go to a hotel tonight" I teased.

The conversation went on, but the main idea was that she thought I was too chicken to do it. Of course, she also thought I was too chicken to have my cock in the office slut's mouth while I was on the phone.

Without a lot of boring details, Holly asked what that whole thing was about and I told her about Mollie's fantasy. Never wanting to miss a chance to put it in Mollie's face that she was fucking "Mollie's man" and knowing how much Mollie hated her the suggestion was...

"Why don't you make her fantasy come true. I'll be the other woman and she'll never know. I'll disguise my voice and try to keep the chatting to a minimum and we'll have a little fun at Mollie's expense."

I didn't have to be convinced. Holly and I went to a hotel to make reservations, had sex on the bed, then went separate ways until later. The details were all worked out.

I went home, told Mollie to take a shower and get ready because we were going out for dinner and then I had a surprise for her. In the mean time, I picked out her clothes. Part of the fantasy was that she wanted to look like a slut, a tasteful slut, but a slut none the less.

Let me tell you what Mollie looked like: 5'5, heavy, brown hair, brown eyes, 38D tits and a shaved pussy (because that's what I like!)

I picked out her outfit for the night. A short skirt, tight white shirt, black lace bra and matching panties. I also packed the blindfold without her knowing. She made a little noise about wearing the black under white, but I told her it was what I wanted and that if she was a good girl I might have a surprise for her.

At dinner I told her to flirt with the waiter. Just for kicks. I left to use the restroom and noticed that she was doing just as I asked. When I returned, he left and she was telling me about their conversation.

"I was telling him how cute he was and asking for his number..."

Right as we were getting ready to leave I told her to go into the bathroom, take off the panties and leave them on the table with her phone number just to see what would happen and let her really be slutty.

We went to the hotel, like we did sometimes, this wasn't necessarily a tip off to what was coming. I put the blindfold on her, began undressing her and laid her back on the bed. I started fondling her tits, caressing her nipples which were getting ultra hard now, and rubbing my hand all along her pussy. Rubbing her clit in little circles and twisting her nipples with the other hand. The entire time I was whispering in her ear her little fantasy.

"Mmmm... wouldn't it be sexy if there was a sexy woman here to use her tongue instead of my fingers on your pussy..." 

I was really getting Mollie all hot and bothered. I had long since removed my clothes and was sporting a generous hard on at this point. She was moaning gyrating wildly to my touch. I wrapped her hand around my thick cock and encouraged her to start jerking me nice a slow. While she was doing this, I gently inserted a finger into her pussy, sliding it in and out of her wet hole nice and slow. I was taking her through the whole fantasy.

“Mmm… there’s a woman here right now. She’s slowly unbuttoning her shirt, damn she has a sexy bra on and gorgeous tits. Firm and perky. Just waiting for you to play with them.” Mollie started moving more wildly, moaning how much she wished it were true. “Oh, shit, Mollie, the woman is taking off her pants… Nice thong, sexy, let me see that pussy… Wouldn’t it be sexy if I removed these fingers and a tongue was there instead? Wouldn’t that be hot, Mollie? Beg for it… If that’s what you want beg…”

“Oh, God, yeah… I wish there was a woman here to eat my wet pussy. I want it so bad! I wish I could suck on those tits, I bet they’re so sexy…” 

With that, Holly leaned over and let her gorgeous 36C tits hand right in Mollie’s face. Mollie was shocked. At first she wasn’t sure what to do…

“This is what you want, you slut… Suck on them…”

Holly’s nipples were rock hard, partially from her playing with them, partially from the thought of what was to come. Mollie’s tongue flicked out and she got her first taste of tit. It didn’t take long from there. She was into it, sucking and licking Holly’s nipples while I continued to finger her pussy and rub her clit…

“Do you want her to eat your wet pussy, baby? Beg for it…”

“Oh please, please let me feel your tongue on my pussy… Eat my pussy… It’s so hot… I need to cum so badly…”

On her way down, Holly sucked playfully on Mollie’s tits, and ground her shaved cunt against Mollie’s… That sent Mollie over the edge. She came in the most intense way I’ve ever seen, heard or felt. She was really into it. Holly was just grinding her pussy against Mollie nice and slow, letting the two clits rub together in just the right way.

She finally worked her way down Mollie’s body, and began gently teasing the pussy in front of her with her tongue and fingers. I positioned myself next to Mollie and fed her my cock while she was having her pussy played with. I watched as Holly slipped her tongue all up and down Mollie’s opening, sucking gently on her clit and moving back down while continually sliding two fingers in and out of Mollie’s wet pussy.

As Mollie was writhing on the bed, begging for her next orgasm, Holly spoke for the first time. She pulled her mouth away from the pussy in front of her, but continued working her fingers inside Mollie. “This really isn’t fair, you getting all this attention to your pussy while I get nothing for mine. I’m dripping and horny as hell too, you know…” I didn’t even recognize the voice, and I knew who it was! 

“Bring your pussy up here and 69 with me. I’ll eat you so good. I want to taste your pussy! Just make me cum! I’m so close… I want it so bad!”

Holly wasn’t having any of that though… Not yet… “I think your man should fuck me while I eat you then you can lick my pussy of his cock. Looks like he needs some attention too.” 

Mollie was in no position to argue. She wanted to get off in the worst way, and frankly, part of her fantasy was to know that I was getting a different pussy.

“Anything. Just make me cum. I need it so bad! Go fuck her. Do her good like you always do me. Fill her cunt up with your thick cock. Squirt your massive load of cum in her so I can suck it out.”

Of course I didn’t need any more encouragement. I knew how wet the pussy I was about to fuck was. Tight, velvety, hot and oh so wet. I moved behind Holly, rubbed my cock against her pussy in a teasing manner and held her hips while she moved back down to eat Mollie’s pussy.

“Oh, God… Your mans cock feels so good rubbing against my pussy. I’m so wet for him. He’s going to fuck me so good. You want him to do it don’t you… You want him to feel my hot wet pussy… Oh God… That’s it.. It feels so good in my pussy. That’s it…” Then she went back to licking the pussy.

I slipped in and out of her aggressively. This was a slut who liked it hard and fast. I pushed her deeper into Mollie’s pussy with every thrust of my cock. I was ramming it in and out of her, filling her cunt squeeze my cock with every thrust. She was a real fuck toy. Her pussy spasmed with every push of my cock as I worked it in and out rougher and rougher… Of course I had to let Mollie know what I had…

“Oh god, this pussy is so hot and tight. You’re going to luve fucking this, Mollie. You’re going to love sucking my cum out of it. She’s milking me so good with each push.”

I announced my impending orgasm. I was going to cum, there was no stopping it. I was going to fill Holly’s pussy with a thick load of cum. And I was going to really enjoy watching Mollie suck it out. I pushed one final time into the fuck hole I was enjoying, then buried it deep inside while the cum erupted out of me. Long thick jets of cum spurting inside this hot pussy. Holly came with me, as she always did, squeezing my cock, getting every last drop as far inside her pussy as she could.

Then Holly moved up, straddled Mollies face, and lowered her soggy cunt right down. Mollie’s tongue was sticking out, mouth wide open catching the drops of cum leaking out on the long, slow decent to her face. The end of her tongue was wiggling out of control in anticipation of what she was about to taste. But Holly pulled away.

“I almost forgot. You were supposed to get your first taste of my pussy on your mans dick.” With that she moved back, grabbed Mollie’s hair, twisted her head to the side, wrapped her hand around my still rock hard cock, and fed it to my girlfriend.

Mollie sucked for all she was worth, licking me, then taking it in her mouth. I really wanted to see Mollie eat Holly, so I motioned for her to go to it. I watched as the cum drenched pussy made its way down onto Mollie’s tongue. They were both in heaven. Mollie was eating very energetically and Holly was definitely into it, but perhaps for different (at least somewhat different) reasons.

I couldn’t get enough of the action. I moved around, spread Mollie’s legs and started fucking her good and hard. Holly kept telling her to eat faster and better so she could cum. “Eat me faster and faster just like he’s fucking you with that gorgeous uncut cock, you slut…” I just kept riding in and out of Mollie’s pussy like a mad man. Working all the way out until just the head was inside then plunging back in. Faster and faster. Holly was announcing her next orgasm, begging Mollie to eat her pussy, Mollie was making cum noises between Holly’s legs, and I was getting ready to unleash another load into another pussy.

We all came together, shaking, shuddering and moaning. It was a long night, one which I think about often, Mollie was never interested in knowing who it was, Holly was never above bragging to everyone in town what had happened, and I continued fucking both women.

I hope reading about this true story gets you off as much as it did for me when it happened, and retelling it here. Let me know by sending email. I love hearing about what you did while reading. 