 Roxie glanced at the big clock on the wall in front of her and sighed in frustration. Half past six already and she still hadn't found what she was looking for. She had wandered around the mall for several hours, but all she had to show for her efforts was a tiny flask of bright pink nail enamel she didn't really need in the first place.

As she strolled along another corridor with shops right and left, almost but not quite ready to give up on her quest, her gaze suddenly hit on a sign in the window of a small boutique. Her curiosity was piqued immediately. "Dreams Come True," Roxie read out in a low voice. However, the words were not what had caught her attention. What had made her stop and stare at the boutique's display was the image underneath the words.

From the sign beside the closed door, an exotic-looking woman looked straight at her, seemingly directly into her eyes, almost as if she were willing her to stop and come in. Her mouth was half open and her pink tongue was sticking out just past the edge of her lower lip. As if she were waiting to be kissed, Roxie thought and felt her nipples tingling slightly.

Most fascinating, however, was her dress -- at least for Roxie, since that was what she had spent hours looking for. A flimsy pink dress with tiny straps, hugging the model's full breasts, slender waist and narrow hips, ending just three or four inches below the curve of her voluptuous ass. She was leaning backward, her hips thrust forward slightly, and Roxie thought the photo might be right out of a men's magazine. Except there was nothing obscene or pornographic about the image. Just . . . sensual. Yes, that was it, Roxie decided, sensual as hell.

Roxie took her eyes off the sensual woman with an effort and walked briskly to the boutique's entrance. Another tingle spread out from her nipples and she noticed that they had gotten hard enough to be clearly visible under her thin cut-off tee-shirt.

A little bell announced her entry as she pushed the door open and walked in. She stood a few feet past the entrance and let her eyes wander along the racks of dresses, but the ones in the front of the boutique were of a different style, and before she had found anything that even resembled the dress she wanted, a salesgirl came from the back of the boutique to meet her.

"Hi, I'm Melanie," she introduced herself. "How can I help you?"

Roxie glanced up and felt a wave of excitement race through her body as she looked at the salesgirl. The same jet-black hair as the woman in the boutique's window, the same exotic face and deep tan, the same slender frame and long legs. "Is that you in the picture?" she asked, the dress momentarily forgotten, and pointed to the sign in the window without taking her eyes off the girl. The similarity was striking, but somehow they were different, too.

"Yes, it's me," the girl said and smiled brightly. "The photo is a bit doctored, though."

Roxie looked her up and down trying to figure out which parts were doctored. "The hair is longer in the picture," she said finally. "And the breasts are bigger. The eyes are a bit darker, too."

"Very good!" Melanie laughed. "Notice anything else?"

Roxie looked her over inch by inch but came up blank.

"The scar," Melanie finally answered her own question and pointed to a little scar at the edge of her jaw under her left ear. "We glossed it over in the picture."

"You should have left it," Roxie said without knowing why. "It would have made you more . . . more . . ."

"Mysterious?" Melanie suggested.

"Yes!" Roxie exclaimed. "Exactly, more mysterious!"

"That's what I think, too," Melanie laughed merrily. "But the owner of the place wouldn't go for it."

Roxie just stared at the small scar, unable to think of anything to say. She felt an irrational desire to touch it, to run her tongue over it, but she dismissed these thoughts with an effort and scolded herself for having them in the first place. Kissing a stranger, she scoffed at herself. Buy your dress and get out of here.

The salesgirl finally broke the silence. "So, how can I help you?" she asked again.

Roxie explained that she was looking for a dress. "A sexy dress," she stressed. "I'll be going to a party this Saturday, a good friend's birthday party, and I expect things to get a bit hot. So, I need a dress that . . . ummm . . . fits the mood."

"A sexy dress that fits the mood," the salesgirl repeated slowly.

"Exactly! I want to make it clear that I'm ready for anything that might happen." As soon as the words were out of her mouth, Roxie was shocked at her own frankness and blushed slightly. She looked at Melanie's face and was relieved to find neither shock nor disapproval there. But there was something else which she couldn't quite identify. Amusement?

"That's more a matter of how you act than of what you wear," Melanie pointed out. "But in any case, the right dress will help. Do you expect to have sex right at the party?"

Roxie stared at her in surprise for a moment. "That's definitely a possibility. Yeah, I hope so," she finally said, wondering why she didn't mind a stranger asking such intimate questions -- and why she didn't mind answering them so truthfully.

"So you want a dress that calls attention to your body and doesn't get in the way when things get hot, right?"

"Yeah, that's what I have in mind," Roxie agreed.

"A dress like the one I'm wearing in the picture?"

"Yeah, except . . . except I want a black one. With more decollete. And shorter."

"In other words, you want a dress that screams 'Fuck me!', right?" Melanie asked sweetly, still no trace of shock or disapproval in her voice.

"Yeah," Roxie's face lit up in a bright smile. "That sums it up nicely."

Melanie returned her smile and looked her up and down to gauge her size. "Wait a moment," she finally said. "I think I have just the right dress for you."

While the salesgirl disappeared in the back of the boutique, Roxie realized for the first time how much their conversation had aroused her. Her heartbeat was faster than it should have been, her nipples stood up proudly, and she felt a tension in her groin that almost made her rub her crotch. Soon she began to fantasize what it would be like to wrap her arms around Melanie's exciting body, to hold her tightly and kiss her and undress her and . . .

"How you like this one?" Melanie's voice ripped her out of her reverie.

Roxie glanced at the dress Melanie was holding up and a wave of excitement raced through her body. The thin black material shimmered like silk and appeared tight enough to cling to her body like a glove. The neck was cut in a very low V-shape, the back was cut out even deeper and the hemline wouldn't be much more than a couple of inches below the curve of her ass.

"Is it silk?" she asked.

"Polyester. But the threads are so fine that it almost looks and feels like silk."

"Almost? I can't tell the difference," Roxie said as she felt the material.

"Well, most people can't, but to an expert the difference is obvious," Melanie said. "Want to try it on?"

"Absolutely. Where's the fitting room?"

"Right over there," Melanie said as she pointed to the back of the boutique. "Want me to give you a hand?"

"Huh?" Roxie stopped dead in her tracks and stared at her.

Melanie laughed at her consternation. "Your jeans look awfully tight. Just thought you might want a little help getting out of them."

Roxie was dumbfounded. Despite her earlier fantasies of making out with her, it took her a few moments to realize that she was being offered a chance to make them a reality. But was she ready to do it? Right here, almost in public? She looked Melanie in the eyes and found them sparkling with desire and lust, while a mischievous smile played around her mouth.

"How 'bout it?" Melanie asked again, then opened her mouth slightly and licked her lips theatrically.

"Thanks, that's very kind of you," she said formally, then burst out laughing. "Let's go!"

Melanie took her hand and led her to the fitting room. As soon as the door fell shut behind them, she turned the lock, wrapped her arms around Roxie's waist and pulled her closer. "What's your name?" she asked before their lips met for the first time.

"Roxie," she murmured as Melanie's tongue slipped into her mouth. For some reason she couldn't quite figure out herself, however, she thought it important that Melanie know her name, so she broke the kiss and repeated it more clearly.

Melanie nodded, then mashed her lips on Roxie's again and resumed the exploration of her mouth. While their tongues danced around each other in intricate patterns, she grabbed Roxie's tee-shirt and pulled it up.

Roxie lifted her arms immediately and let her to pull it over her head, then went to work on Melanie's blouse. One by one, she undid the buttons until she reached the top of her skirt. Running her hand along the waistband, she finally found the zipper at the back and pulled it down, allowing the skirt to slide down Melanie's legs until it came to rest around her ankles.

Melanie stepped out of it and kicked it aside heedlessly. Before Roxie could finish with her blouse, she popped the last buttons herself and shrugged out of it.

Roxie gasped when the falling blouse revealed that she wasn't wearing anything underneath. From the way her nipples had dented her blouse she had already concluded that she wasn't wearing a bra, but the lack of panties surprised her nonetheless. On top of that, her pubic area was completely shaved, making her already glistening pussy lips look as smooth as a baby's.

"Like shaved pussies?" Melanie asked when she noticed her staring at her bald crotch.

"Mmmh, yummy!"

"Go ahead and kiss it!"

"Sure, just let me take my jeans off first. I don't want to walk around the mall with a wet spot in my crotch."

"Right. Sorry," Melanie apologized. "It's just that . . . I'm so damn hot for you, I can't wait to feel your tongue on me. And in me."

"Same here," Roxie giggled and popped the buttons of her jeans. "You don't wear panties?" she asked while Melanie knelt down in front of her and helped her slide the tight material of her jeans down her legs inch by inch.

"No."

"Never?"

"Never. I don't even own panties."

"Wow!" Roxie said admiringly. "And your boss doesn't give you a hard time about it? I mean, proper business attire and all?"

"Heck, no!" Melanie laughed. "He appreciates the easy access to my pussy."

Roxie kicked off her pumps and stepped out of her jeans while she groped for words. She felt that her questions were way too intimate for somebody she had just met, but her curiosity got the better of her. Besides, Melanie didn't seem to mind, so she went right ahead. "Isn't he afraid his wife will find out? Or isn't he married?"

"He's married. And his wife doesn't mind as long as I let her eat his cum out of me." She giggled briefly, then continued: "Of course, it isn't always *his* cum she eats out of me, but I don't think she can tell the difference. At least she's never said anything about it."

Roxie felt the crotch of her panties getting damp and took them off without missing a beat. "Are *you* married?"

"Of course not," Melanie replied, obviously amused by the very idea.

"You have a boyfriend?"

"Three."

"Huh?"

"I have three boyfriends. We all share an apartment. And each one must fuck me at least once a day."

"Jeez, and I thought I was a nympho," Roxie said without thinking. "Oops, sorry, no offense," she added quickly.

Melanie just laughed. "None taken. 'Nympho' is one of the harmless things I've been called. And I am a nympho, no doubt about it."

Roxie's desire to have this girl was stronger than ever. She was relieved that she hadn't upset her with her thoughtless remark and decided to stop asking questions, at least for now. There were more important things to do anyway, like scratching the itch that was spreading throughout her pussy -- or better yet, having it scratched by that beautiful nympho standing naked in front of her.

As if she had read her mind, Melanie embraced her again. After a long, passionate kiss, she began sliding down Roxie's body, kissing her way down her neck, through the valley between her breasts and across her flat belly until her tongue tickled the little patch of neatly trimmed, dark-blond hair that marked the top of her pleasure center.

Roxie trembled with anticipation when Melanie's tongue finally entered the moist slit between her pussy lips. "Lie down on the floor," she said before she could give in to the temptation to grab Melanie's head and press it against her crotch.

Without saying a word, Melanie complied. After a final slurp that brought her tongue right over Roxie's erect clit, she let herself sink backwards until her back was flat on the soft carpet. Ever so slowly, she pulled her knees up and spread her legs until her outer labia parted and revealed the glistening, pink interior of her pussy.

"You're so incredibly beautiful!" Roxie murmured as she sank down on her knees and crawled forward towards Melanie's exposed crotch.

"Turn 'round, I want to eat you too," Melanie said when she felt Roxie's hot breath on her pussy.

Roxie licked up and down Melanie's red and swollen pussy lips a couple of times before she swung her backside around and positioned it directly over the other girl's face. Then she spread the pussy in front of her eyes with her thumbs and stuck her tongue into Melanie's love tunnel as far as it would go. She wiggled it around between the sensitive walls and sucked hard to extract as much of her juices as she could.

"Yesss!" Melanie hissed. "That feels so good! Don't stop!"

Roxie murmured something that was entirely unintelligible, pulled Melanie's inner labia apart with her fingers and wormed her tongue in even deeper. She relished the taste of the juices that covered her tongue until she had to come up for air. When she finally pulled her tongue back, she replaced it immediately with two fingers, which she stuck in as far as they would go.

Melanie planted her feet more firmly on the floor and began rocking her hips up and down, matching the thrusts of Roxie's fingers in her pussy. Three of her own fingers were lodged deeply in Roxie's pussy while she wrapped her lips around her clit and lashed it with her tongue.

After only a few minutes of intense stimulation, both girls approached their orgasms. Their movements became more and more erratic and their hips jerked wildly against the mouths that tried to maintain their locks on them. Neither of the girls thought it necessary to announce her orgasm, and neither was caught by surprise when the other girl's climax set in. The increasingly erratic contractions of pussy muscles over fingers and the jerky movements of the pelvises in front of their faces told them exactly that they were in perfect sync.

Their orgasms set in within seconds of each other. Unable to keep their mouths on their pussies, they let their heads sink down wherever gravity took them and enjoyed the intense waves of pleasure which spread out from their clits and raced through their bodies. Although they both wanted to scream out their bliss and wouldn't have hesitated to do so under different circumstances, they kept enough of their senses to keep the noise down to a level that couldn't be heard in the boutique.

When her orgasm subsided, Roxie rolled off Melanie and sat on the floor with her back to the wall. Melanie was still spread out on the floor, breathing heavily while occasional shudders ran through her body. "Jeez, that was fantastic," Roxie panted when Melanie finally opened her eyes.

"Sure was," Melanie agreed when she got her breathing under control. "You sure know what to do with a pussy!"

"Thanks!" Roxie chirped happily. "You too!"

"Lots of practice, I guess," Melanie giggled.

"On top of your boyfriends?" Roxie asked incredulously.

"Where there's a will, there's a way," Melanie said dreamily, but didn't elaborate. "Want to try on that dress now?"

"Yeah, sure," Roxie said, a bit sheepishly, and got up.

Melanie took the dress off the cloth hanger and handed it to her. "You'll be the star of the party in that dress."

No doubt about that, Roxie thought, and suddenly the dress seamed awfully small. She slipped it over her head and pulled it down, then looked at herself in the full-length mirror on the back wall and smiled at what she saw. The dress hugged the contours of her body and displayed her C-sized breasts, narrow waist and slender hips perfectly. Narrow shoulder straps widened sufficiently to cover most of her breast. The V-shaped cutout ended an inch below her breasts and exposed about a third of them. At the back, the cutout was even lower and ended no more than three inches above the crack of her ass, leaving most of her back entirely bare. "Pretty short," she said as she tugged at the hemline, but it still wouldn't go more than two inches below her ass.

"That's the idea with a 'Fuck Me' dress. It's not supposed to get in the way," Melanie said matter-of-factly.

"Sure, but . . ." Roxie paused and took another look at her mirror image. "But if I sit down, my panties will show."

"Panties?" Melanie seemed genuinely surprised. "You can't wear panties under a dress like that!"

Roxie just stared at her, dumbfounded by her suggestions to leave her underwear at home.

"Look, you said you were ready for anything. You want to get fucked right at the party. You want a dress that makes that perfectly clear, right?"

Roxie nodded.

"Okay. With this dress, the guys at the party will fall all over themselves to get their dicks into you. And that's exactly what you want, isn't it? Wearing panties would defeat the whole purpose!"

"Yeah, I guess you have a point there," Roxie admitted slowly.

"Sure I have a point," Melanie insisted, mischief sparkling in her eyes. "But let's get a man's opinion on this, too, shall we?" Without waiting for a reply, she opened the door of the fitting room a couple of inches and peered through the crack. Not seeing any customers in the small boutique, she stepped outside, still completely naked except for her stockings and high heels. "Frank!" she called out. "Frank, you still there?"

"Yes, I'm here," came the reply from the small office right next to the fitting rooms. "What's up?"

"Move your cute butt over here for a moment, we need a man's opinion," Melanie ordered, then stepped back into the fitting room without bothering to close the door.

The new turn of events took Roxie by surprise, but she welcomed the chance to see how a man would react to her new outfit. "Who's Frank?" she asked, more to pass the time than out of curiosity; she'd meet him pretty soon anyway.

"Frank's the owner of this place," Melanie replied.

"The one who appreciates the easy access to your pussy?"

"That's the one. He'll also--"

"How can I help you?" a male voice from outside the fitting room interrupted her in mid-sentence.

"Come on in!" she called out to him.

The man she had called Frank stopped in the door and looked Roxie up and down appreciatively, a smile spreading out on his face. "Did you girls have an orgy in here?" he finally asked. "This place smells like one big pussy."

"We 69'd a little," Melanie admitted without a trace of embarrassment. "Not enough people for an orgy, though."

Roxie had been surprised when Frank had given Melanie's naked body no more than a casual glance; the openness with which they talked about having sex on the job left her thoroughly perplexed. Having sex with each other was one thing, she thought, but with the boutique's customers? Was that standard procedure here, too? She filed the question away for a later time when she felt Melanie's hands reaching around her from behind and gently cupping her breasts.
