 I wanted to share an experience here that started off totally innocent and wound up totally decadent.

It was Halloween a few years back and I was asked to ride security for the party and to insure the kiddies were all safe and sound at the end of their night. It was after all the parents of the kids left with their little goblins and witches that the real trick and treating started. 

I had made the last of my rounds that night and was sitting in the parking lot writing up the after action reports for the number crunchers back at the Department. As I was putting the last period on the reports, I happened to notice someone still wearing their costume approaching the cruiser. I could tell it was a female by the way she was walking and her long blonde hair was flying away in the gentle evening breeze.

She came up to the passenger side of the police cruiser and knocked on the window. As I rolled the window down she said that they were having an adult Halloween party in case I would like to attend and that it would be going on til way after midnight or so it was planned. 

I told her that I didn't get off duty until 1am and that I didn't have a costume in the trunk to Change in to. She pulled off her mask displaying a huge smile. She was a bombshell in the face and since I couldn't see anything else about her, I could only assume that the rest of her matched or complimented her beautiful facial features. 

She said that the party would likely still be going strong at 1 and 2 and probably 3am. So, I told her that I would give it some thought and if all went well the remainder of the shift, I might just show up after I got changed in to civilian attire. She smiled and said she would be looking out for me later on.

That Halloween night was remarkably quiet and my shift ended on time without me having any additional paperwork to turn in over what I had already done while on patrol. I had almost forgotten about the party and I suddenly remembered it when I was showering and getting ready to head out. I wondered what my boner was about and then her face came to my thoughts. So, I quickly finished showering and got dressed and drove over to the high school gym where the kids party was held. As I got out of my personal car, I saw that gorgeous blonde standing in the doorway and was apparently watching for me or someone else. 

As I approached her, she recognized me and gave a little squeal of pleasure and grabbed me by the hand and led me inside. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness in the gym, I smelled the aroma of heady sex. But, I didn't give it a whole lot of thought. Finally the blonde introduced herself as Carmen and lead me around the room and down in to the locker rooms and in to the gymnastic center. 

Stepping through the doorway of the gymnastic center, Carmen shouted above the spooky music that she had her date for the evening and we were immediately assailed by a horde of people who were all wearing masks and not a whole helluva lot else. Carmen seemed to snuggle in closer to me as a small group of people approached as if she were a bit apprehensive about them. So instinctively, I put my arm around her and drew her in to a snuggle hug to play along but to give her some comfort as well.

As one of the women in the little group walked up to me, she reached out and grabbed my cock through my trousers. I flinched from that contact because it totally caught me off guard. The room was very dimly lit and was almost impossible to see skin or hair color and only once the people were up really close could I even tell if they were male or female.

When the masked woman gave my cock a big squeeze she called me Rick and at first I thought she must have just had a verbal faux pas. So, I took her hand and gave it a little squeeze and said to her that she had a firm grip. She threw her head back in laughter saying that I hadn't seen any thing yet.

Carmen and I wandered around the room a bit watching some of the goings on which weren't really exciting at all. As we walked through a doorway that lead to another workout room, my eyes began to adjust to different lighting. I could make out many couples and they were all horizontal. I could hear some moans and groans over the music and looking at Carmen, I asked her if we were in the right place. She squeezed my hand and said that we were indeed where she wanted to take me.

As we wandered around that room, we found a spot where we could sit down and within a matter of seconds after sitting, Carmen began taking her clothes off. I am not the sharpest knife in the drawer but I know an orgy when I see one and this was an orgy in the makings. After Carmen had stripped off her clothes, she started untying my shoes and then helped me off with my pullover sweater and finally my pants. As my underwear cleared down past my cock, it sprang to life and was standing tall and proud. 

Carmen dropped to her knees in front of me and began sucking my cock like there would be no tomorrow. As she cupped my balls and sucked my cock, the woman who had groped me in the other room walked up to me and began to rub my chest while she positioned herself on to my lap. Carmen never missed a beat engulfing my raging hard on and swallowing my cock all the way down her throat.

I finally was able to ask the woman who was grinding her fur covered pussy in to my pubic bone what her name is. She giggled and said, "Rick you silly goose, it's Shelly." Playing along with that, I said, Shell, my eyes haven't adjusted to the lights yet and couldn't see your smile. She laughed heartily saying that she wasn't aware that I had ever seen anything about her except her pussy. With that, Carmen hit that sensitive spot on my cock and my nut sack immediately began to spasm a copious amount of cum down her throat. She took as much as she could but some was oozing out from the corners of her mouth and was beginning to drip off her chin. 

Shelly who had been watching her, leaned forward and started licking the cum from Carmen's chin and now her boobs. AS Shelly leaned forward, my dick which Carmen had loosed in order to lean back to give Shelly the angle and position she needed, was still hard. It slid back along Shelly's slit until the cock head was pressed against her slick opening. She wiggled her ass a little bit and the next thing I know I was fucking a woman wearing a mask while a beautiful blonde was licking her ass. 

Shelly ground her pussy down hard on my cock and was moaning and groaning and I wasn't sure if it was from my cock or Carmen's tongue. After a couple minutes of lap fucking, Shelly tensed up and released a wash of she cum all over my lap while wiggling her ass in Carmen's face. As I tossed my head back in bliss, another woman walks up behind me and starts rubbing her thick bush in my face. She was wet as a sponge and was hornier than any one woman I have ever met. I flicked my tongue out and whipped it up and down her slit for a few moments when Shelly got off my lap and had pushed Carmen back on to her back and immediately dived down face first in to her pussy while re-positioning her own furry cunt in to a sixty nine with Carmen.

My new slut friend broke from my tongue strokes long enough to move around in front of me and like an acrobat she did this twisty thing and the next thing I knew she had her pussy in my face, her mouth wrapped around my now flaccid cock all the while I was still seated in the chair. She sucked my cock back to life and as she did so,I opened my eyes just as something was moving from behind me and over my head. As my eyes focused, I saw this hard cock gliding right over my scalp to lodge itself in my new Wench's ass. She took that cock like a pro and within a couple seconds he was thrusting in and out of her ass while I continue eating and sucking her pussy. 

Suddenly without warning she arched her back and literally sprayed my face with a g spot orgasm. I could feel the other man's cock beginning to pulsate but I was not about to get a load of cum dribbling down on to my face. So, I picked up the woman and twisting amid the protest of the man because his cock had come out of her ass before he could blow his load, I turned and placed the woman face down on the gym mats and he was instantly back balls deep in her ass. 

I got up and started off in search of the bathroom and as I stepped over or around several couples, I saw that Carmen had moved as well and was not engaged in a 8 woman daisy chain. Seven guys were lined up along the wall near them wanking their cranks and were watching the movement of the chain. I found the toilet and unloaded about a gallon of piss it seems and returned to the action. As I walked back in to the orgy room, I saw that there were now about thirty couples laying all around or standing propped against the wall, all engaged in wild sex acts. Shelly meanwhile came up to me saying that she was afraid I had left already. 

I told her that I had to find the little boy's room and she chuckled and asked me if I was hard again yet. I told her that I was not but was hoping I could get some help on that. She grinned in the low light glow and said that she thought she might just have the solution to my little problem. She took me by the hand and lead me to another room where it was totally dark inside except for a faint glow from candles that were placed by this wall divider.

As Shelly lead me to the wall, I noticed there were about a half dozen holes about cock high. Ahh yes a knothole as we used to call them back in the day. Shelly walked me right up to the wall and telling me that she bet that I could figure out the rest, she zipped around the wall to the other side. By now my cock was beginning to attempt coming around. I stepped up to one of the holes and slipped my semi erect cock through. Within about two seconds a pair of lips was wrapped around my shaft and was beginning to suck some life back in to my wandering wanger.

Whomever it was on the other side was some more cock sucker. They ran their tongue up and down my shaft and around the head and would just lightly flick the tip of my cock with their tongue. After a couple minutes, I felt a second set of lips and tongue on my rod and it seemed like there was a playful game of "mine" on the other side of the wall. I let loose of a wad of cum like no other and to my joy and excitement, I felt like the mouths on the other side did not let a drop fall to the floor. As my cock softened, I pulled back from the wall and as I was turning around, another hand grabbed my rod while at the same time there was a bright flash of light that totally screwed my night vision up again for several minutes. 

But before I could get my eyes adjusted, I was gently laid on the floor on my back. A mouth was on my cock again and within a minute, I was hard again. Within a few seconds more, I felt a tight hot hole sliding around my rod of iron. After a few seconds of anal relaxing, the ass began to slide up and down on my dick. 

As my eyes began to readjust, that bright flash of light hit me again and once more I was in total blackness. As that ass slid up and down on my cock, I thought I felt something soft bumping my pubic bone and then it hit me, it was a set of balls bouncing up and down on me. Apparently I was fucking some dude in his ass. All of a sudden I exploded yet one more load of cum up this ass and after my cock started to shrink, off that ass came from my cock with a little plop sound. 

By now my eyes were beginning to adjust once again and then BAM that light again. Back in to blackness I went and speaking of blackness, as I lay there on the floor, I heard this faint whisper in my ear asking if I had ever made it with a black woman. I said no and before I could think, a pair of delicious lips were smashed in to mine and we were frenching like mad. All the while she was playing tonsil hockey with me, her hand was stroking my cock back to life. 

By now my eyes were almost adjusted to the dark but this time, I didn't let on that my sight was coming back. So as my eyes adjusted, I carefully squinted slightly in order to see without being noticed. As my eyes fell across first the body and then the face, I beheld a vision of chocolate glory. She was stunningly beautiful and oh man did she know how to work her pussy.

We fucked for a long long time and she must of cum about a dozen times. I was covered by her woman wash. Her cum was hot hot hot and she took everything I had. Since I had already cum so much that night, I just wasn't going down nor was I launching a missile of cum. So, Joyce as I heard her say her name was rode my cock without stopping or taking a break.

After a goodly long time on my cock, she unleashed a bucket of woman cum on to me one more time and she collapsed over on top of me. My cock was still buried in her snatch and all at once I felt her tense and she let out a loud "OH!" Then within a few seconds, I felt someone had impaled her ass with either a cock or a dildo and was working her hard. She began thrusting back on to them all the while keeping very careful to not loose my dick from her clenching pussy.

All that excitement brought my cock back to it's hardness and though there was not a cum dump in the near future, I was good to go with steady fucking that beautiful woman. All of a sudden her back arched, she dug her nails in to my shoulders and screamed like a banshee. She yelled "RICK I AM CUMMING!" With that she squealed again and about tore my dick off with her thrashing in uncontrollable spasms and orgasms. When she once again collapsed on me, she cuddled in close as she could and said, "Rick, that is the best fuck I have ever had in my life." 

After we laid there a while, I noticed the lights in the other room start to come on and within a few seconds, the lights in this room started to flicker to life. All of a sudden, my new vision of glory looked up at me and jumping up like someone shot out of a cannon, she started laughing and jumping up and down. She called for Shelly and Carmen and the other woman and others over. As each one approached, they would gasp and start laughing. Finally Carmen arrived last and as she asked what everyone was laughing at she glanced down at me and burst out to laughing hysterically. 

After all had calmed their laughing down, Carmen spoke saying, "Oh my I wonder where Rick is?" 

Realizing that one helluva mistake had been made, I extended my hand in a humorous gesture saying, "Hi, my name is Henry and I don't know who the hell Rick is but I am mighty glad he wasn't able to make it tonight."

Rick, it turns out was supposed to have come to the Halloween party dressed as a Cop and Carmen had thought that I was Rick. Since the night was dark and late she had made a grand mistake...