 It was October 29th I had just gotten home from another literature class. On my door was a folded piece of paper. It was an invitation to a Halloween Party in my apartment complex from my friend Cory. Arrival between 10-11 p.m. Costumes a must. Beer on tap, some liquor available. To end when everyone left.

I decided to put my things away and go to Cory's for a little more information. His car was parked so I knew he was home. I made sure to lock my door and then I headed down the street to his apartment. I knocked and within ten seconds I heard an "enter" come from within. 

I smiled and gave Cory a hello hug. He patted the couch and I sat next to him. "So you got the invitation?" He asked. "Yes, a bit late to invite people huh?" And he said, "No way, two days is plenty of time." I smiled and knew deep down he was right. "I suppose I have to wear a costume." A nod was all the reply I got. I asked what he was going as and a little smirk and a "not telling" later and I gave up.

I offered to help him set up but he declined. I went home and tried to figure out a costume. I wanted something sexy. Naughty nurse? No. Playboy Bunny? Ick. She Devil? Too trite for a costume party. I needed something no other woman would be wearing. It is not enough to look better in a costume; it is best to be the only one in it. I was silently contemplating my lack of costume when my neighbor Becca came by to borrow a movie. I gave her free reign in the movie cabinet and suddenly she squealed, "I love this movie!" She was holding up the Mask Of Zorro. I looked at the cover for a moment and decided it could be done. I let Becca take the DVD and I ran to get my keys. 

I went to the costume shop. It was thoroughly picked over by this time. Which was fine. I did not need a whole costume. Just a mask, a cape and a sword. I found the accessories aisle and pulled the three pieces together. I stopped to contemplate on the type of mask. I chose a sparkly black eye mask and brought my items up to the cashier. 

On the way home I put the costume together in my head. Leather pants, Heels, black lace corset, mask, sword and a very Dom hairstyle. I could hardly wait for Halloween. 

The next day dragged on slowly. I pulled everything I would need for the next day out of my closet and tried it on. I even impressed myself. It was hot. Very sexy and I could be fairly certain no one else would be wearing it. I spent the rest of the night figuring out how to do my hair. After five tries, I found a perfect style and went to bed.

Halloween had arrived. I passed the day with classes. Everyone was chatting about their costumes all over campus. I kept my mouth shut and reveled in the fact that all of the girls were going as the same things: devils, nurses, bunnies, ghosts, and princesses… 

I arrived home and checked the clock, at least six hours before I could arrive. And really, I wanted to have a nice entry, which would require a later entrance. I put some clothes in the washer and went to the kitchen to make dinner. I threw some leftover chicken on top of a salad and went to catch the news. Eating in front of the TV is not my idea of fun, but when alone the TV is better than no one. Before I knew it three hours had gone by. 

I went upstairs and put the laundry in the dryer. I went to the bathroom and drew a bath. I slipped in and let my head slide under the water. I came up moments later. Warm and bubbly; I let the heat surround my naked body. I grabbed my bath pillow and lay my head down. I dozed until I heard the buzzer from the dryer sound. I got up and the Luke-warm water went down drain. I toweled off and checked the clock. I was so anxious for the party to start. 

I decided to get ready anyway. I would take as much time as I wanted. I fixed my hair while it was still wet so it would hold better. I wasted a half hour giving myself a pedicure. I applied lotion to my body and went to the dryer and folded while the crème soaked into my skin. I put all of my clothes away and then went to the bathroom to apply makeup. 

It was to be a strategic look. Harsh but not overwhelming. I applied a light foundation. Then dabbed powder. I applied dark mascara and left my eyes un-shadowed. I would be wearing a mask. Because the mask was sparkly I wanted to make my lips stand out. I chose a red/brown and let it soak into my lips before reapplying a second coat. I let that dry and then added a super dry gloss. The impression of a shine with a dry feel. My lips stood out far more than they ever had before. I added glitter to my hair and left the bathroom.

I went to the bedroom and picked up a pair of black lace panties. I slid them on admired myself in them. Then I took the matching corset and laced it up the back. This took so much time by myself. Almost twenty minutes. I had never had to do it myself. After pushing my breasts to the top of the corset and making sure it would stay up I took my leather pants and slid my legs inside. I pulled the leather up over my lace-covered ass and zipped them shut. I added black heels. I went to the mirror and looked myself over. Everything looked great. Now just to add the mask, cape and the sword. I put them on and saw that the outfit was complete. 

I walked to the door and grabbed my keys. I was halfway out the door when I stopped and went to the kitchen and made myself two shots. I saluted my costume and drank them down. I felt them burn their way down to my stomach. I left the house and locked the door behind me. I walked down the street to Cory's apartment and found the place crowded with people. The door was open and people were sitting on his front porch. I received a few whistles on the way on. 

I looked around at everyone. I spotted a few neighborhood folks sitting around in their costumes. A clown I recognized as the man from the mailroom. I found Cory in the kitchen placing the liquor on the counters. He was dressed as a large spermazoid. I assume he had the costume put together by someone. But it was very good. Clever costume. I said my hello and grabbed a beer. 

By two o'clock a.m. most people had left for clubs and a dozen or so people were left at Cory's. The alcohol was down to a few cups of beer and a half bottle of rum. We were all drunk. Most people had their costumes halfway off or off completely. It was a warm night and my own costume was warm. I took off my cape and sat down. I was joined by a man in a knight costume. He had taken off his helmet and his face was sweaty and masculine. He was very good looking. I complimented his sword. He smiled and said, "Yours is not bad either." I laughed; I had forgotten I had a sword too. I looked into his eyes and said, "I would love to compliment your other sword." People began leaving with each other. 

His face lit up and he leaned in to kiss me. All around us were couples kissing and groping in the semi-darkness. Cory and some girl dressed as a princess came to the couch as well. My knight and I scooted together to make room. My legs were over his. He was kissing me harder. I felt his "other sword" poking into my legs. I got up and straddled his crotch. I sat down on him and felt him throbbing into me. My leather pants were getting in the way and making us far too warm. I stood and took them off. While doing so I noticed the princess had her legs parted and Cory was working his hand furiously between her legs. On the floor I saw two girls lying and groping each other. 

I straddled my knights' legs again and the loss of black leather allowed for more movement. I heard the princess groan and writhe all over the couch. My knight used one hand to undo the back of her costume. Soon her breasts were in view and Cory was sucking one and my knight was pinching the nipple on the other. My knight began unlacing my corset. Cory stopped sucking long enough to help. 

The corset came undone and I was left in a mask and black lace panties. My shoes were on the floor near my cape. I stood and my knight undid his pants. He was wearing no underwear and his sword came into view. I stood staring for a moment and then got on my knees and began licking the head and sucking it into my mouth. I heard the girls on the floor move around. I felt my panties being taken off. One of the girls climbed below me and began sucking on my clit. 

I was doing my best to swallow my knight's cock deep in my mouth. He was not very long but he was wide and I was choking on his meat. The girl below me was doing an excellent job and I was pushing my clit down onto her face. In the corner of my eye I caught the other girl giving Cory a hand job. The princess was kissing the knight above my head. Cory's head was buried in the princess's pussy and was working her over. Just as the knight said he was cumming I heard the door open. Cory's neighbor Tim had walked in. I was busy swallowing the knight's cum so I could not look. 

Tim walked in and threw a box of condoms on the table and said, "Geez, those were for later but they look needed now." Tim stripped his clothes off and as I watched him strip I began to cum into the girls mouth. I was panting heavily and my body was quaking. I stood shakily from my orgasm and kissed Tim hello. He licked my lips and smiled at the knight. The princess looked up and saw Tim and said, "Hello honey." We all smiled and Tim just said, "You know that new girl I mentioned? Well, this is she." I smiled and thought she did look just as Tim had said. I should have thought it through better. 

I sat back down on the couch between Cory and the knight. Cory was still hard. Tim had begun kissing the princess. After they broke apart he took her by the hair and pulled her down to his cock. She got on her knees and obliged. The girl that had been stroking Cory moved back to her friend and kissed her again. She kissed her nipples and then settled down between her legs with her ass in the air. The knight got up and grabbed the condoms and ripped one open. He pulled it on his hard cock and lowered himself to the floor. He began rubbing the girls' ass and back. He teased her pussy with his cock head and entered her slowly. She grunted into the other girl's pussy and pushed back against him. 

I began rubbing my pussy with my left hand. Cory was watching with as much enthusiasm as I was. I reached with my right hand and began stroking his cock. He looked at me and reached to my pussy with his large hand. I leaned in and kissed him. My pussy was wet and waiting for something to fill it. I straddled his lap and lowered myself onto his cock. At first I allowed myself to just sit with his cock filling my insides. We kissed again and I began to move up and down slowly. Cory took my nipple into his mouth and sucked hard. I screamed with pleasure.

I heard Tim groan and say, "lick my cum princess." She must have done just that because he then said, "very good." I was still sliding up and down on Cory. My pussy was slippery and wet and I knew Cory was straining to keep things together. I kissed him again and then bit his earlobe. I whispered for him to cum. He groaned and let go inside of me. I felt his cum warm my insides and slop down. I climbed off of him and one girl came to lick him clean. 

The knight walked over and got on his knees and licked cum from my pussy and cleaned me up. I came again and again as he licked my clit. He then stood to kiss me and I sucked his lip and tasted Cory and myself on his mouth. 

I was sweaty and hot. The three girls were lying on the ground pleasing each other. I took Tim and Cory and the knight to the bathroom where I ran the water and climbed in. Tim came with me and rinsed under the cool water. We stepped out let Cory and the knight jump in. We were all dripping wet. I decided to lick Tim dry. Cory was whispering in the knight's ear. He reached under the sink and grabbed a bottle of lube. 

I was on my knees "drying" Tim off when I heard the knight say to stand. As I did he sat down on the toilet with the lid down. I began stroking his cock. Cory poured some lube into his hands and rubbed it into my asshole. He soon had two fingers pushing in and out of my ass. I was sucking Tim hard. I took the lube from Cory and used some to finger Tim's ass while I deep throated his cock. Cory switched places with the knight. Cory pulled me by the hips and placed my ass on his cock. I slowly sank down and sat still. My ass was full of cock and it hurt. The pressure to stand up was great but the knight had his hands massaging my clit. Within two minutes I was pressing down further onto his cock. 

Tim came and stood in the shower so I could reach his cock again. I began to suck. Cory was bouncing me up and down on his cock. My pussy was dribbling and then I told the knight to come and fuck my wet cunt. He moved forward and had a hard time finding a place to get in. Cory stopped moving to allow him entry. 

The knight was teasing the entrance to my sopping wet hole. He placed his cock head inside my pussy. I was groaning and begging him to fuck me. Cory took his hands and spread my pussy lips. The knight now had all the room he needed. He shoved his cock into my pussy and I growled with the fullness of it all. After they found a rhythm I began sucking Tim's cock in a fury. 

My ass was being pounded open. Cory was picking my hips up and letting my body weight push my ass back down his cock. Time was watching the whole time and soon exploded in my mouth. I missed a lot of it. Cory leaned in to lick it off. This was too much for my knight and he flooded my pussy with his cum. I could feel it running down my ass crack and lubricating my ass and Cory's cock. I stood up and leaned over the sink. Cory got behind me and roughly shoved his cock back in my ass. In just a few moments he was cumming and filling my ass. 

I was exhausted. I had already cum a handful of times, the men too. We jumped back into the shower and Cory found us all towels. We went out to the living room and found the girls all asleep in a ball on the floor. They were all cuddled together so sweetly we left them. I went to the closet and found them a blanket or two and some pillows and woke them just enough to grab them and put their heads down. 

As for the rest of us we finished drying off and then Tim decided to join his new girlfriend on the floor. Cory and the knight and myself all went into Cory's bed to sleep. I slept hard and long and woke to the knights cock pressing into my back and Cory standing above me with his morning hard on. I wiped my eyes and got up to please both men that needed me.