 Last Halloween my wife and I decided we would throw a costume party. We invited several friends over to our house for drinks and games. Well as most adult costume parties go the guest started showing up dressed as hookers, sexy nurses, and French maids and as usual the husbands in less sexy attire. The party went on for several hours' people drinking heavily and felling the effects. We played games and told stories and everyone was having a wonderful time.

Around eleven o'clock the guest started to leave, except for Lisa and mike and Vicky and Joe. Mike was about three sheets to the wind and passed out on the couch. The rest of us decided we would play pool.

Let me tell you about Lisa and Vicky. Lisa is about 5' 8" tall about 120, sexy as hell. Vicky is shorter about 5' 2" 105 with really nice tits. Both were dressed to show off their best assets

After several games, my wife Sharon decided she had had enough and went upstairs and went to bed. We played one more game and I decided I should go and check on my wife. When I got upstairs I found my wife passed out on the bed so I got her undressed and tucked her in, and went back downstairs to party with my friends.

When I came down the stairs the three of them were doing shots and talking. I said, hey yu'll wait for me. I want to get in on this too. They all laughed and handed me a shot. We played another game of partners. We were all pretty toasted and Lisa said let's make this a little interesting. Vicky said, what do you have in mind? She said, let's play one more game, guys against the girls. Loser has to pull down there pants and show the goods. Everybody immediately agreed and we started to play. It didn't take long before the guys won and the girls pulled down there pants and we saw two beautifully shaved pussies. Vicky said, do you like what you see? She then put her finger in her mouth got it good and wet and reached down and slid it up lisa's slit and touched her clit. (I always had a suspicion the Vicky was Bi.) I thought Lisa was going to jump out of her skin. Joe and I stood there with tents in our pants and watched Vicky play with lisa's clit. Lisa just looked up at Vicky with a look of pure lust. It was so hot I thought I would cum right there in my pants. Vicky pulled her finger away licked it and said, Ok next game. Joe and I were so disappointed the show was over.

Ok Vicky said, this game the loser has to perform oral sex on the winner. Of course Joe and I agreed instantly, and we started to play. The guys won again so we pulled own our pants and waited. The girls looked at each other, walked over and dropped to their knees and took us in and started to run their lips up and down on our swollen cocks. I was in heaven with Lisa sucking my cock and watching Vicky suck Joe's cock. Joe and I looked at each other with big grins on our faces. All of a sudden the girls stopped. Joe said, Hey and the girls looked up and Vicky said , we didn't say to the finish.

Joe and I pulled up our pants and waited for the terms of the next game. Lisa said, the winner of the next game gets to watch the losers play with each other. Joe looked at me and said I don't know what if we lose? I said, we haven't lost yet and wouldn't it be fun to watch the girls lick each others pussies?

Joe grinned and agreed. We started to play. Joe broke and sunk a low ball. Then he sunk two more before he missed. The girls sunk one ball and then missed. It was my turn. I sunk two more. We were on our way to another win, when I hit the six ball missed the pocket banked into the eight ball and it went into the side pocket. Joe and I just looked at each other in shock. The girls high fived each other with big smiles. We stood there not knowing what to do or how to get out of this. Joe said double or nothing but the girls were having no part of that.

Lisa said, you agreed to the terms and we are waiting. I said I don't know if I can. Vicky walked over and stood next to me and said, I'll help you. I'll tell you what to do. She told Joe to pull down his pants and he did. She said, look at that cock, it's beautiful. All you have to do is touch it and feel haw soft it is. Then pretend it's your own and do what feels good to you. I looked at her and reached up and held his cock in my hand. Strangely enough it felt really good. I had never held another mans cock in my hand. It was a little strange but I started to get excited.

Joe just stood there and let me play with his cock not saying a word, so I started to jack him off. While I was jacking him off, Vicky reached out with her tongue and licked Joe's cock. Joe immediately got harder so she did it again. Joe got as hard as a rock and she took his cock into her mouth and started to bob up and down. I was so hot watching her, I forget I was jerking him off and I think Joe forgot too. Vicky pulled her mouth off of Joe's cock and smiled at me saying, oh that was so good. Would you like to try. I looked at her in disbelief. Vicky looked at me and said, Are you telling me that all the times you got a blowjob you never wondered what it would be like to do that. I looked at her embarrassed and said, yes I guess I have, but I didn't think I would ever try it. Lisa came over and got down next to me and said, well here's your opportunity. Go ahead and give it a lick. I wasn't sure but they were both encouraging me to try it. I didn't know what to do so I stuck out my tongue and licked the end of Joe's cock. Both girls moaned when I did. It was so soft on my tongue. It was incredible!

Vicky and Lisa were touching themselves saying that is so hot, keep going. I put my lips to the head of his cock and kissed it. I couldn't believe how exited I was. Then I opened my mouth and took my first cock in. The feeling was almost too much for me to handle. His cock was so hard, yet it felt so soft on my tongue. I thought I was going to come without ever touching myself. It was so hot. The girls were fingering themselves, and me with a cock in my mouth. I was in heaven. I started to go up and down on his cock, getting as much in my mouth as I could. As I continued to suck that cock, Vicky and Lisa played and sucked on his balls. It must have been such a sight for Joe to see one person on his cock and two more on his balls.

I was really getting into it when I heard Joe say, I'm going to cum. Don't stop I'm going to cum. I wasn't sure what to do but Vicky reached up and grabbed me by the hair, holding me in place saying, make him come. Let him come in your mouth and swallow. 

Just then Joe started to cum. It shot into my mouth so hard, I thought I was going to chock. I managed to fight that off and continued to suck his cock and swallow his cum until it finally stopped cumming.

Here I was on my knees between two of my sexist friends with cum still lingering on my tongue. It was a feeling I really couldn't describe. I pulled his cock from my mouth with a plop, it fell there hanging almost limp. What a wonderful sight. 

The girls started kissing me and trying to taste his cum. It was then that I realized that I had cum without touching myself. I had never done that before, but then again, I had never sucked a cock before.

I got up off my knees and stood there looking at everybody. That's when Joe finally said, Man that was the one of the best blowjobs I have ever had. 

The girls started to laugh and said this was the best parties they have ever been to. Sure hope we can do this again. I was standing there thinking the same thing. 

After that everyone left and I went upstairs got undressed and crawled into bed. I laid there for a while, thinking about the night. It sure had turned out differently than I had planned. I really thought I would get to see the girls licking each others pussys, but instead I wound up sucking cock. What a turn of events. I laid there thinking of Joe's cock and how good it had tasted and wondering when and if I would ever get to do it again. I fell asleep with a grin on my face knowing full well I was sure going to try.