 Entering the room, he is laid back on the bed with his head resting upon his left wrist as if it is a pillow beneath him. This tilts his head slightly and allows him to easier look towards me and about the room. Like me, he is nude.

Pausing in the doorway, I examine him as he does me. His cock in a semi-erect state lays heavy across his right thigh. I watch the thumb of his right hand casually move back and forth under the cock-head, down the shaft then back to the head. The movement obviously pleasing to him and born of practice and self knowledge.

His eyes moving over my body then concentrating upon my right hand as I raise it along my thigh and over my mound. I show him my own practiced way of touching myself, middle finger lightly exploring the beginnings of my folds and the pearl hidden there.

For several minutes, we observe each other. His fingers joining with his thumb to stroke his hardening cock, holding it now in his palm and slowly fisting it. My fingers darting down and drawing up some of the moisture that has gathered just inside my lips, using it to paint my clit and allow my finger to glide over my sensitive button.

Your fingers in my back gently push me forward towards the bed. Once in motion, I step until I am beside him. My eyes still on his cock and the hand moving, stroking it to fullness. Folding my body on the bed, your hands gather my hair behind my head and twist it into a quick ponytail so that it is out of the way as I lean forward.

My fingers join with his hand. Moving with his fingers, both of us caressing his stiff shaft. Soon we are combining my wetness with his precum that he had squeezed out and spread upon himself. Our fingers alive on his hot flesh increasing the flow from the tip of his cock.

I'm also wetting his nipple with my saliva as I suck and lick at it. I feel the center rise up, much like my own have but not near as long or as wide. Still I suck and use my lips and tongue to play with it, knowing that he is enjoying my mouth upon it.


Out of the corner of my eye, I see you reach down and pull his hand away, leaving me sole possession of his cock. It feels much larger now without him there and my hand moves faster to make up for the loss of the digits and palm of his hand.

My fingers wrapped around him, I stroke his thick cock in long sure pulls. Every so often, I stop at the end and use my fingers to circle and squeeze the head.  The precum coats my fingers each time I do this and I use it to aid in keeping his cock slick and easier to jerk.

His hips are moving, pumping his cock between my fingers even as they work up and down his shaft. I keep adding precum and our pace picks up. Several times I grip him tight and just jerk him without sliding my hand along the shaft before allowing my hand to travel again the full length.

I hear the two of you kissing and it drives me to kiss at his nipple as if it were a mouth. My tongue thrusting out and attacking his nipple before I suck greedily at it. 

The sounds of your embrace changing as does the movements of his pelvis. He is gasping for air and his hips are moving in quicker, shorter, harder bursts. I squeeze tighter and pull his cock faster. My teeth nipping at his little bud.

With a grunt, he pushes his cock upward in my hand. Your hands turn my face along with a whispered, "Watch him." I pump him and feel the contraction in his cock, then see the hot cum spurt out.

Some of it reaches my face and lands on my chin and lips. Another burst adding to the stream that extends from cock head up his belly but doesn't reach me. Several others follow, each lesser and shorter than the previous one.

I pull his cock to get it all out of him, creating a small pool of it by his belly button. My fingers also coated by my continued stroking.

Without looking at either of you, I lick at the tendrils extending up his chest. Chasing his seed down to the larger pool before I lick it up. Salty, hot and thick, I'm suddenly hungry for it and quickly appease my hunger.

Swallowing the last of it from his belly, I suck at the head to ensure that none is left behind. Then I lick at his shaft and my fingers. Only then do I look back to you and him, seeing you both watching me. He with a soft satisfied smile, you with something more.

Keeping my eyes on your faces, I lick at his shaft and balls. Then I rub his stiff thick and not quick flaccid cock over my lips and face. Showing what a whore I am before I open to take him into my mouth.

"Go on, show him just what a slut you can be."

Later, after having sucked him hard again, I lay next to you as he fucks you. Every so often you allow him to lift out of you and I lick at your open pussy and suck your juice from his cock. Then he returns to fucking you as I watch and caress you both.


He rolls over onto his back and you are riding him. This gives me the opportunity to play with your ass as you fuck. And I lick at your tight rosebud and his slick cock as you ride him and cum.

When he cums again, its with my mouth wrapped around his cock. Sucking and swallowing his cum with your flavor permeating all.

In the morning, you let him fuck me. Your eyes bright upon me as I writhe beneath him as he pounds my cunt with his cock. The brightness foretelling the beating I will receive afterwards from you for enjoying it so.