 Day two

The next day of the jack off class was one week later. I had not had an orgasm since the last day of class, though I had pleasured Sara to a few in the days between. 

She had teased me to no end, in ways I really enjoy -- taking my cock out and playing with it while we drove somewhere; talking dirty to me while she gave me a bath; petting me while we saw a sexy movie at the theater. 

I had licked her beautiful pussy, suckling her hot little button until she screamed. I tongued her ass and double-fingered her cunt while she described the pretty girls in her class. 

My cock quivered in extreme arousal, my thick hot cum churned and bubbled in my heavily burdened scrotum. The acute lust I felt was excruciating -- delightfully so.

What kept me from simply taking my wife from behind at any given moment and filling her with my seed, for the entire week, was the knowledge that I'd soon have a pretty young girl's hands wrapped sweetly around my cock, a cock-tugging rookie with a bright sweet smile and delicate young hands. 

The big load I was nurturing would look so lovely splashing onto her young innocent face, dripping off of her pretty hands and arms, like the running paint of an over-anxious house painter. 

A couple nights prior to the approaching Hand Job class, we went to a nightclub to see a band, and sat in the lounge. May the god's of erotic perfection bless her, Sara's hand never left my bulge, even when people would notice. 

She'd look them in the eye and pet my hardness through my jeans. I felt proud for having such a lusty, sexy wife who was proud of her man's arousal. 

A woman sat and watched Sara fondle me for about 15 minutes, her eyes traveling repeatedly from my bulging crotch to my face, to Sara's face, and back down. Her hands traveled gracefully up to her own breasts, which she clutched and patted.

After a time, she closed her eyes. In a moment, her eyelids flickered, and her hips flexed ever-so-slightly. She had cum in from of us. Her eyes opened drowsily; then smiled at Sara and me, got up, and disappeared into the crowd. 

We sat in a restaurant, eating Italian food. During desert, as the hot waitress went back and forth, Sara took me out of my pants and stroked me. 

The head of my cock peaked out over our dinner table -- the sharp eyed waitress saw it all, including my lovely wife's hand dancing up and down, but said nothing. She just blushed and smiled. She told another hot waitress, who came glancing at us. Sara's eyes never left our sweet waitress's pretty legs.

"Our sweet young waitress really has pretty legs, doesn't she stud?" She quietly described what she thought I'd love to do with the petite serving wench. She was absolutely correct.

This activity was designed to maximize my cum load for the girls. Needless to say, I greatly enjoy prolonged teasing, and generally love the challenge to not cum when the temptation is so strong.

By the time I arrived for the second class, my scrotum was bloated and deliciously heavy -- much fuller than I could remember it ever being before. 

It showed through my tightest jeans, what with the perpetual arousal and the increased volume of sperm I carried. I couldn't wait to have the roomful of girls looking at it. I wore the tight jeans again, though I had a surprise for the girls underneath.

Sara had again made some preparations for today's class to help make it a special occasion - she asked the girls to bring costumes for a dress up day. 

She wanted to demonstrate how girls can help their partners become aroused without even touching them, thanks to the use of certain seemingly universal fetish items.

So when I entered the classroom I was met by a roomful of male fantasies come to life: a few french maids here, at least a dozen naughty school girls, a handful of cheerleaders there, a snow white in short skirt, and a stunning dark haired girl looking like Shania Twain in the "Feel Like a Woman" video: top hat, short satin skirt with fishnets and high heels, men's shirt. 

Some months earlier, Sara had sucked me to orgasm while I watched that video. I think Shania is one of the hottest women on the planet. Sara does too. 

I took my place on the desk, sitting with my knees open, giving the class a good view of my 'package' through my pants. I couldn't take my eyes off of the girl dressed like Shania, and was just biting my lip seeing how much thigh she was showing. 

Depending on how she moved I could she just the very hint of her panties, black lacy ones, peaking from underneath the black satin skirt. I started to throb while looking at this girl. 

Sara noticed my arousal. She spoke directly to the girl.

"Nicole, please step forward and present yourself to our male guest. I think he has his eye on you." The cute brunette, with pale white skin and long straight hair, stood just 5'2" and had perfect, medium sized tits. 

"Nicole, I believe you will find my husband quite receptive to some touching, if you care to get things started today. He's a big fan of Shania Twain, so your costume is really 'doing the trick'!"

Nicole smiled at Sara and then at me, and then she looked wide-eyed at my bulging jeans. She came closer and reached out to touch it. Her palm came to rest on my bulging balls and rubbed gently. My exhale at the delightful sensation was loud. 

"That's a good girl, Nicole," I panted. "Pet my cock, sweetheart." She smiled again and looked intensely at the clear impression of my growing cock, hard and upright in my pants. 

I reached up to brush her hair from her face. "Lovely girl, you are," I moaned. 

Her hand ran up along it to to the end of cock which was pointing to one side, just under my belt. 

While she pinched and played with my cock through my pants, her other hand came up and cupped my balls. The warmth of her palm was lovely. 

"Let's get my pants off, my young hottie," I breathlessly said. "I want to feel your pretty hand on me."

As Nicole/Shania unbuckled me, I surveyed the other girls, eventually landing my gaze on the Britney look-a-like. Sara saw my visual preference...

"You, Kendra, with the leather bustier and the thigh high boots, you can come over too. You look so much like Britney Spears, my husband is beside himself. I think he's always had a fantasy about young Brit giving him a hand job. This is the perfect opportunity!"

Kendra sidled over just as Nicole had unzipped my jeans and pulled them part way down. I kicked them off and sat on the desk with my feet resting on the desk top.

I spread my knees apart to give all of them a better view. Nicole responded by cupping my balls, full from a week of teasing and no orgasm, and rolling them around in her hand. Her fingers grazed the very edge of my backside and the tip of my now throbbing cock which was bolt upright, snapping against my taut stomach.

Not wanting to miss the action, Kendra reached in and took hold of my long, thick shaft and immediately began stroking it like an expert! She had clearly had some experience.

My wife said, "Class, notice how he stares at Nicole, especially her fishnets and pretty legs. He's literally staring at her panties peaking out from under her skirt. The important thing to realize here, ladies, is that while the boy wants to have intercourse he will settle for a hand job if it is seductive enough, and performed with expertise. Seduce him with your hand and your voice. 

"Go on, you two, talk to him about what you're doing - ask him how it feels."

Nicole looked up shyly at me as she continued to pet my big balls and heft them in her hot little hand. "Do you like this? Am I doing it right?"

I placed my thumb on her pouty lips and whispered, "It feels absolutely wonderful, and you look smashing."

Sara continued, "There you go, see class? He is really enjoying what she's doing. Kendra, why don't you ask him as well." Kendra/Brit looked into my eyes as she jacked me off. "Am I being a good girl, Mr. Stud?"

"Very much so, Shania, you are being a very good girl."

My wife praised them both, saying "That's it! Seduce him, make it all so sexy. Make him feel absolutely the most special creature on earth. He is the center of the universe, and his cock, as the font of creation, is the focus of your worship. 

In reality his mind is an much a part of this as anything, though, so make sure you play with his mind - give him things to ponder. Like saying, 'Am I a good girl?' and 'Do you like my outfit?' and 'I can't believe how hot you are like this, your cock feels so big." 

Suddenly as Shania Twain opened my pants up farther, the two girls administering their most exquisitely feminine ministrations gave a slight gasp at the site before them: beneath the all-important tight jeans, my cock was dressed in a thong-back neon green speedo. 

As they pulled off my jeans and threw them aside, they got a look at my little surprise: being an exhibitionist of sorts, I love showing off in a tight speedo. 

While I know girls decry the fact that some guys like these little suits and that it creeps them out, I was hoping to win the girls over. 

The plan worked, as both Shania and Britney, without any convincing, were cooing as they ran their hands over my spandex encased cock, balls and ass, muttering "So soft, wow this is cool..."

The big mushroom cap of my cockhead was straining against the nylon green, so Shania took pity and popped it out of its sheath, clutched it with her right hand - which barely reached around it.

Her thumb and middle finger didn't meet, and while I watched the utterly lovely dichotomy of a small hand around a large cock it dawned on me that Shania hadn't moved a muscle once taking hold of me, and that this was both good and bad and all in all very intriguing, I felt the warm waft of breath on my nuts, which were spilling out of the spandex. 

Britney had kneeled down to get a closer look at my sack, and also to steal a whiff, as Cindy and Jodie had spoken to the others in the class about the wonderfully unique scent of an aroused man, the musk that now emanated from my undercarriage. 

Lying back, with my legs in the air, I enjoyed the sight and feeling of Shania beginning an exquisitely slow and perfectly gripped little hand job while Britney examined my nuts and backside, pulling the thong back green speedo to one side and touching my nuts tentatively. 

To my eternal delight, Britney followed what must have been a primal urge and stole a quick but deliberate and delicious lick of my sack. Her tongue was wet, as she was apparently salivating, so a wet droplet of Britney spit trickled from my left nut, down my sack and into the nether crevice of my ass. 

The lick was against the rules as Sara had laid them out, but my Sara is understanding. "Girls, Britney, you shouldn't do that here. Our subject is only to be given a hand job and no oral contact. I understand the temptation can be overwhelming, but that is what this course is about. 

"Please, all of you, don't lick or suck this man. However, Britney, if you like, you may wet your fingers and explore him."

Britney self-consciously complied, sucking her fingers and then bringing them close to my balls and ass. She slithered a finger between my cheeks and found my hole. And stopped. She looked at Sara, at me, at the class, and back to Sara. 

"Go ahead, Britney, he loves having that done to him, perfect." She looked at me and began to push. 

"Wiggle a little, baby," I whispered. "Just wiggle, it feels so good." She started to wiggle her finger in my ass, so that my cock gave a very sudden, very powerful and insistent twitch in Shania's hand. 

It brought Shania out of something of a daydream. "Oh," I grunted. "Shania, put your other hand on my big nuts. Please do it, sweetie."

Shania reached down tentatively and with her narrow feminine hand cupped my scrotum. My balls spilled over her hand like a heavy bag of cream. 

My big balls were much too big for her to hold both at once. She clutched one ball and rolled it around in her hand while the other one hung low, dropped it and held the other one. What a perfect feeling!

I was breathing hard as my cock seemed to get even bigger and harder. Britney's finger was moving in and out of my ass like a piston now, and while Shania paid attention to my balls.

"They're much heavier than I thought they'd be," she murmured. Suddenly, momentarily, her hand stopped stroking my engorged cock -- which gave me a deliciously anxiousness as I waited for her hand to move again. 

I began to move me hips against her hand, which gave me an added bonus as it increased the depth and intensity of Britney's jamming into my anus. 

So I'd thrust forward and get Shania's hand slide onto my cock while Brit's finger would exit; then I'd thrust back so Shania's hand would slide almost all the way off my cock and Britney's finger would jam home up my ass. 

This sexy thrusting in front of my two hand job pupils, and the entire class of hot young hand job students was just too exciting. 

A week's worth of saved-up, pent-up cum began to boil in my loins.

The prolonged arousal was coming to a head, so to speak. I was going to cum buckets, and these lovelies now tugging and probing my sexual being were in for a real surprise!

I grunted and groaned and began to squirt thick white dollops of man seed on Britney's face, Shania's hands, and my stomach. Thick shooting ropes of cum, and the girls in class followed their trajectories like they were watching a one-way tennis match!

I could feel each thick delicious rope travel up my shaft and out the piss hole like a pleasant vibration of pleasure. 

When my cock and balls would twitch, Shania would squeeze my nuts and disrupt the perfect rhythm of her jacking hand, adding to the pleasure. 

I reached for Shania's right breast and, through the thin material felt her erect nipple, which I gently rolled in my fingers.

Her sweet little surprised cry of agonizing pleasure rang in the room like an angel's song. 

I also reached down and grabbed Brit's tight crotch and felt the bump of her cunt with my middle finger, using her pants as friction against her clit. She too cried out in ecstasy as my orgasm subsided, arching her back and humping my hand. 

I made pretty Britney cum just like hat!

"I wanna lick you, baby," I grunted, and the whole room breathed inward together. Sara roused herself from her daydream and came back to reality. I had just broken at least 70% of the rules, touching the girls most serious of them all. 

But offering to eat a lovely student's pussy was going well over the line. Sara moved toward us. I could see that She TOO had gotten overheated with this tableau. 

"OK, honey, that's enough. We're going to get into a lot of trouble here if we go any further today. 

"Class dismissed!"