 I wasn't sure how I had ended up here, but I wasn't going to analyse it too much. In fact, all that I could focus on right then was the two moist tongues slowly stroking up the length of my stiff shaft, tracing circles around my swollen head and combining in a sweet, sensuous kiss, duelling right above my hot prick.

I wanted to reach down and run my hands over their bobbing heads, but they had insisted on wrapping my wrists in those silk scarves and tying them to the headboard. As they continued kissing, I reminded them of my presence, by arching my cock towards their entwined tongues, and they returned to their gorgeous oral prick tease. I could only groan as Lisa sucked one of my balls into her mouth and began to roll it around with her tongue. Her eyes were locked on Carla, as she watched her mouth slip over my head and down my shaft.

Seeing this made Lisa hot, and I watched as she stood over me, a foot either side of my head and began to stroke a middle finger along her enflamed pussy lips. As she found her clit, I pushed further into Carla's mouth and felt her full lips around my bulging shaft. Frigging herself gently, Lisa then offered me her tiny right foot, parting my lips with her big toe, and sliding it into my mouth. This excited her, and she fiddled with her clit more frantically.

Then Carla unlocked her mouth from around me, and I felt her shift from the bed. Lisa stopped feeding me her toe and turned to look at what was going on. Now I could see that Carla had positioned herself on the seat at the foot of the bed, her feet up on it, legs spread wide and inviting. She was massaging her pussy with the palm of her hand, and beckoning Lisa to her with a finger.

"Come on baby," she whispered hoarsely, "I wanna feel your tongue in me!"

And with that, Lisa playfully jumped from the bed and dropped between her lovers legs. I craned my neck and watched. From what I could see, Lisa knew exactly what buttons to press, and Carla was writhing and moaning almost immediately, pushing onto her lovers tongue and pulling her head towards her obviously purring pussy.

Tied to the bed, unable to satisfy my cock, it seemed like an age, as Lisa licked expertly, making Carla cum loudly and obscenely. Then I watched, wide eyed, as they both returned to the bed, and Carla lay down by my side. Lisa towered above my waist, and slowly, agonisingly slowly, sat down. I groaned as she slipped her moist pussy onto my rock solid cock, and slowly began to fuck it. Carla placed her lips to mine, and kissed me, erotically. Her tongue explored every corner of my mouth, as Lisa began to moan.

And when I thought nothing could beat this, Carla slid down my body and glued her tongue to Lisa's swollen bud. Every now and then, she would brush the tip of it against the base of my cock, as it slipped wonderfully in between those luscious full labial lips. I came too soon, but Lisa seemed preoccupied by the tongue, cumming around my empty prick soon after.

Sitting astride my face, Carla told me to stick out my tongue. For a moment, she stroked at it with her finger as she positioned herself above it, then, as she parted her lips, she cupped the back of my head and bought it towards her swollen clit. I lapped out gently, but she pulled me closer to her, insistent that I should not hold back. I flicked frantically, teasing her clit, and she began to purr softly. I wasn't sure where Lisa was, but I knew she would soon make her presence felt.

That was when I felt a hand cup my testicles and roll them in its palm. As my tongue swirled and lapped, another hand began to carress my soft nob, its fingertips teasing and stroking the length of my growing shaft. As it bobbed back to life, Lisa wrapped a finger and thumb around its base, and with her other hand, placed her palm on my tip and began to twist. I bucked at this, pushing my face further into Carla's sopping wet cunt, feeling my cock grow rock solid once more.

I could feel Lisa's breath brushing over my hot cock, and as she took it in both hands and carressed it, Carla released my wrists from their confines. Her breathing was more frantic now, and she tasted gorgeous as I lapped at her freely flowing juices. Free to roam, my hands cupped her pert little bum, squeezing it gently, in time with the rythmn of my tongue, and now Lisa's handy work.

But before I could satisfy her completely, she unlocked herself from my face, and pushed Lisa onto her back. I sat up and watched as they lay side by side and began to kiss passionately. Their hands were wandering, exploring one another's tits, flicking at their very hard, swollen red nipples. I couldn't resist it, I had to play with myself, as I watched these fantastic beauties lock themselves in an erotic embrace. Carla then guided Lisa's mouth to her chest, and I watched entranced as her tongue began to swirl and lick around those fabulous nipples.

Looking right at me, Carla asked, "What are you gonna do with your fingers?" With an offer delivered so sexily, I couldn't refuse. I began stroking my way up both of their thighs, tracing shapes on their soft, warm flesh, watching transfixed as Lisa sucked a nipple into her mouth making Carla moan softly. By now, both of my hands had reached their tiny bushes, and I carressed their soft downy texture, before I began to stroke at their moist pussy lips, enflamed and red with passion. As two fingers slipped into each waiting hole, both gorgeous girls purred appreciatively. I had two g-spots at my mercy, and I soon had them writhing around, pushing further onto my moistened digits.

"I want that big cock in me!" Carla sighed huskily. I watched her part Lisa's legs and bury her face into her muff, sticking her pert butt in the air. I kneeled behind her, unable to take my eyes off the sight of her tongue lapping wildy at Lisa's bud. Cock in hand, I began rubbing it's hot head around her enflamed clit, and this made her more anxious for it. Her hand snaked its way to her pussy, and she opened it up wide for me. I couldn't resist any longer, and I slipped my entire length into her moist hole.

"Fuck me hard and fast," she gasped, and as my hands massaged her bum, she found and frigged her clit. That was too much, and I began fucking her, just as she had asked, pounding into her, making her cheeks wobble, and pushing her tongue further into Lisa. As I pumped into her swollen g-spot, Lisa began to cum, and didn't stop cumming for a long time. This triggered Carla off, and she throbbed her own orgasm around my prick.

And as I announced that I was soon to cum too, Carla expertly turned around and sucked my entire length into her eager mouth. Lisa was frigging her clit, and the sight of this combined with the deep, deep throat I was getting was too much, and I shot my load, with Carla sucking up every last drop.