 Chapter 10

The Double Date

I hung around waiting for football practice to end. I had to find a "boyfriend" or two for Kassi and Brittany; and two of my baseball teammates, Will Patagonis, and Artie Spears, seemed good prospects for several reasons. Most importantly, they didn't have, nor had they ever had, a girlfriend. And it helped that they were fairly good-looking, if one over-looked Artie's facial blemishes.

Will limped out of the locker room on a pair of crutches.

"Geez, will, what happened to you?" I asked.

"Hey, Bree," he replied. "Aw, I got my ankle stepped on my Big Alex Dawson."

Dawson was a 300 pound tackle, who hoped to make all-state and go to the University of Southern California.

"Is it broken?"

"Hell no, Artie Spears volunteered, "maybe a high ankle sprain."

"Well, I gotta have my parents take me to the hospital for x-rays, just to make sure," Will said looking about as downcast as I'd ever seen him.

"If it's only a sprained ankle, what's the problem, buddy?"

"Competition, that's what," he said glumly. "Rowdy Jack Cummings is taking my spot, and he's better than I thought he was."

"Faster too," Artie added, knowing it would tick Patagonis off.

"Aw, screw you!" Will said, and then smiled, knowing he was being ragged on by his friend.

We stood there commiserating with him until his Mom pulled up in a dark green Chevy Blazer.

"In three more months, I'll have my license restored," Will said as he opened the door. "Maybe I'll let you guys come with me to the drive-in."

"Yeah, really?" Artie responded.

"Really ... but I'm not too sure about you, Art."

"What?" Artie said, caught b off-guard.

"Yeah," Will laughed, "You'll have to kiss my ass first!" and he climbed into the SUV and got a distasteful look from his mother.

"Shit, what'd I do to him?" Artie asked.

"Forget it; he's busting your chops. He gets his license back, you'll be the first one he asks to ride with him."

"You think?"

"Hey, you know him better than I do. What do you think?"

He smiled and slapped me on the back. "Way to go, Bree, you always know what to say."

Both of us walked a few blocks before sitting down to admire the ducks in a large pond of the Colson Farm.

"Nice, huh?" Artie said, sticking a leaf of grass in his mouth and chew on it.

I did the same thing and sighed.

"What?" Artie asked, "Something wrong?"

I shrugged and said, "No, nothing's wrong, Art."

"Then why the big sigh?"

"I got women trouble."

He laughed, "You and me both."

I looked at him surprised. "You've got woman trouble?"

Still chuckling, Artie said, "Yeah, I don't have one."

Relief flooded my face, and I smiled. "Maybe, just maybe, I might be a help with that."

"Yeah?" he replied cautiously.

Well, I got a date ... that is, maybe I got a date, but she's got a friend and won't go single, you know?"

"Who is it?"

"You know I don't talk about that shit."

"I know. I know, but who's the extra girl?"

The truth was, I hadn't thought about which girl I wanted for myself.

"You know Kassi and Brittany?" I asked.

"Yeah, sure, they're both hot."

"Which one would you pick ... I mean, if you had a choice?"

"Brittany, by a cunt's hair," he replied. "Shit, they're both hot. I dunno ... I'd fuck either of them."

"See," I said, "now that's one reason you ain't had much luck in the female department."

"Oh, like you have," he said, haughtily.

"I do all right," I said, and left it there. "Pick one," I said, giving him an ultimatum.

"Brittany," he said, and I could see the excitement in his eyes.

"Okay, now let me tell you something about women in general."

"I'm all ears, loverboy," he said, but I knew I had his complete attention.

"First off, you never, ever, kiss and tell."

"But bragging about it..."

I cut him off. "Bragging about it is the best way to make sure you don't get any. Girls talk too. Just like the guys. Well, not like the guys, but they'll tell one another a few things and it stays there ... among the girls. But the guys ... jeez, they'll take an ad out in the paper, or put it on a billboard ... Jake, the Snake, nailed Cathy Kuntz."

Artie was laughing and nodding. "Yeah, yeah, I get it. So mum's the word."

"Are you free tomorrow ... I mean, after the game?"

"I sure am."

"We'll meet and go for an ice cream or something. It won't be expensive, and then we'll see how well the two of you hit it off."

"You mean, I'm gonna score? Man, I need to get laid!"

"I'm not promising anything but a date with a pretty girl, understand?"

"Yes," he said nervously.

"A date ... and only a date; and you'll be a gentleman."

"A gentleman ... I got it."

"You can follow my lead if you want. Most girls go along with whatever their girlfriend does. So if I get lucky, you might too. But I'm telling you, don't be in a rush to grab a breast, or put a hand up their leg. Get nasty ... with any of us and I'll kick the shit out of you. Understand?"

He was nodding as fast as he could.

"I'll tell you this; the girl will let you know when, how far to go when she's ready."

"She will?"

"Of course she will. Just don't rush. They like to go slow. Guys are always in a hurry. Take your time. Go slow and you'll see. She'll be all over you."

"I understand ... Geez, Brittany ... oh, my God!" ________________________________________

I borrowed my mother's car and drove over to Artie's house. We were going to meet both girls at Brittany's which was only three blocks away. The girls and I had decided earlier to grab a hamburger and a soda and then go to the movies. Artie never gave our decision a second thought. We had also agreed that we would cool it on the sex, although both girls obviously didn't like the idea.

"Artie's not used to being around girls," I said. "And I know for a fact that you two aren't that familiar with guys ... excluding me, of course."

"How far can we go?" Kassi asked.

"I'll tell you what. Let's let Artie guide us. If he doesn't panic at close contact, take him a little further. Don't make a grab for his dick, for crying out loud, but a little tongue after some smooching wouldn't hurt."

"Should I slap his hand if he touches my breast?" Brittany inquired.

"That depends on how he does it."

"What do you mean?"

"Accidental shouldn't count. You know what accidental is, right?"

"I guess..."

"But after some French kissing, maybe you can let him get away with a couple cheap feels. That way he'll be all over you on the next date. You do want a next date, right?"

"Absolutely!"

"Okay then, any other questions?"

There were none and we ended the three-way phone conversation. ________________________________________

As we left his house, Artie's hand squeezed my shoulder briefly as he leaned forward. "Hey, man, I really appreciate this doubling. I've thought about asking Britt for a date, but she never gave me a sign that she might be interested."

"Artie," I said, "girls don't usually give you a sign until you show an interest in them. It's too bad, too, because so many guys and girls are self-conscious and can't bring themselves to risk being rejected."

"They feel that way too?"

"Sure they do. I started talking with them and that's how I found out that they both thought you were kinda cute."

"Me, cute?"

"Yeah, you..." and I had to laugh at his expression. ________________________________________

The girls were waiting for us on Brittany's front porch. I saw Brittany's mother peeking out at us from behind a lace curtain. I waved at her, and she smiled at me and embarrassed at being caught, let the curtain fall back into place.

We started walking toward the theatre, with Artie a half-step behind Brittany. She snagged his sleeve and tugged him back beside her. "You aren't shy, are you, Artie?"

"Um, no ... I'm not," he stammered.

"Oh, then you must be checking out my rear end," she added, a gleam of excitement in her eyes.

"Oh, no! I ... I..."

I stepped in and rescued him. "Who could blame him if he were?"

"Why, Aubrey, you say the nicest things," Brittany cooed, absolutely pleased with herself for drawing the favorable comment from me.

Brittany was wearing khaki shorts -- not "short shorts" but short enough -- and a cropped yellow T-shirt that ended just at the waistband, giving me brief flashes of bare midriff. Not the sort of outfit I would have expected from her, but it definitely suited her.

Her thick, rich hair was uncoiled for a change; it spilled far past her shoulders and it swayed and bounced when she turned her head. The effect was definitely enticing. And if Aunt Nicole was correct about the way a girl dressed for a date being a guide to her mind-set, then this might turn out to be a very interesting evening.

Artie was still blushing, and I saw that he had a hard on. Already? I thought, and started talking to distract Kassi and Brittany from noticing and saying something about it.

We stopped in at a MacDonald's a block from the movie theatre and had hamburgers and fries. Artie began getting comfortable, and made a few jokes that went well. He was gaining confidence, and that caused me to relax.

As we left MacDonald's and made our way to the movie, Brittany hooked her arm through Artie's and began chattering away about inconsequential things like shopping at the mall, and some TV show that I never had gotten around to watching. Artie looked delighted with himself, and I turned my attention to Kassi.

She was wearing a peasant type blouse, with a scooped neckline that revealed the tops of her breasts. Like Brittany, she wore a pair of khaki shorts, and a pair of sandals that showed her legs to advantage.

"I should apologize," I said softly, so that only she would hear. "I haven't paid you the compliments you deserve."

"What do you mean?" she replied, moving closer so that our shoulders were touching.

"I've ignored you while trying to make sure that Brittany and Artie hit it off. I'm sorry about that." "You don't need to apologize," she said, and I felt her hip and breast rub against my side.

"Okay," I said and leaned into her so that her breast was almost fully pressed against my arm. She giggled contentedly.

We bought our tickets and went into the theatre. It wasn't crowded, actually only half-filled and we took a spot in the last row since it was unoccupied and the movie was about to begin.

After the first thirty minutes, I saw that Artie was leaning back in his seat, with his feet propped up and his loafers off. Brittany was stretched out half on top of him, one leg hooked over his, talking almost nose to nose in a low voice. He had one arm around her shoulders and she was stroking his chest with her free hand.

"Enjoying yourself, are you?" I whispered leaning across Kassi to do so.

Artie's eyes blinked, and he turned to face me. He had a huge smile on his face.

"Absolutely, Bree; you didn't tell me Brittany was so talented."

"Talent has nothing to do with it. But to give you credit, you're doing better than I thought you would."

"Are you saying I'm not talented?" Brittany purred, as she looked at my crotch and not my face. "I'd never say that, Brittany, never in a thousand years."

"Hey, leave off my guy!" Kassi chirped, playfully. I leaned closer to Brittany and gave her a kiss on the cheek.

"What, no tongue?" she giggled, drawing a startled expression from Artie.

Turning back to Kassi, I discovered that she had her shoes off and she had tucked her bare feet under her and pressed her thigh against mine. I put my arm around her and she snuggled up happily, with her head on my collarbone. She even reached up and stroked the hand that was dangling over her shoulder. 

She was obviously ready for anything, but I wanted to take things slowly. I was content for the moment to enjoy her warm body curled up against mine and to comb my fingers through her hair while Artie got used to Brittany's antics. A few minutes later, Kassi leaned her head back so she could speak softly in my ear.

"Aubrey, if I ask you something, will you promise not to think I'm being dumb?"

I nodded.

"Why me over Brittany?"

"A girl shouldn't ask a loaded question like that."

"Why shouldn't she?"

"Because, she might not like the answer."

"Then you do like her more than me!" she blurted out. I put my hand over her mouth and whispered in her ear.

"I never said that."

"But, you..."

"I like the two of you. I like you both very much. But if you remember I promised to get one or both of you a boyfriend. I'm not ready for a steady..." I had to laugh at my stupid rhyme.

"Now you're laughing at me!" she said and a tear rolled down her cheek.

"Damn it, Kassi, now cut that out!" I was mad and didn't care who knew it.

"What's the matter?" Brittany said, leaning away from Artie. The concern in her voice told me I had better mend my fences and fast.

"We've had a slight disagreement, but it's not serious."

"Not serious!" Kassi said and she began crying without restraint.

"I'll take her to the ladies," Brittany said and herded the teary eyed Kassi out into the aisle and toward the restroom.

"What the fuck?" Artie swore.

"Sorry, Art. I screwed up and said the wrong thing. I'll try to patch things up when they get back."

"If they come back, you mean," he said, obviously fearful that the girls, upset by my presumably callous remarks, might head home instead of returning to sit with us.

"Calm down, Artie," they'll be back. Brittany with hear her out and understand what I meant, and hopefully will explain it to Kassi."

"Yeah, hopefully," he replied.

"Got any mints left, Art?" I asked just to distract him.

While he was fumbling in his pocket, his erection must have been getting in the way, the girls returned. Brittany scooted past me, giving my thigh a squeeze as she did.

Kassi sat down, still wiping her eyes, and then gave me a baleful look. "You didn't mean it, did you?"

"I meant it when I said I liked the both of you very much."

"Oh," she said, and seemed to brighten up. "I also meant it when I said I have no intention of going steady with either of you." And before she could fly off again, I added, "That doesn't mean I won't be seen with you around school, or that we won't go out again. It simply means we're not going steady."

"Oh..." she said, and readied herself for another good cry. But before the first sniffle came out of her, I said, "Now, give me a nice kiss, and we'll try to salvage this date."

"You ... you want ... to kiss me?"

"I want to do more than kiss you. But we've got to start somewhere. And look," I pointed over at Artie and Brittany who were enveloped in a tight clinch, and long kiss.

She snorted a laugh, and came into my arms and hooked herself around my neck and fastened her mouth to mine. Kassi surprised me, and without losing her grip on my tongue, she reached smoothly under the back of her peasant blouse, unhooked her bra, and tossed it on the floor. I realized just how carefully she and Brittany must have planned their actions for our date.

Artie was in for a big surprise. I had to laugh; only Kassi's tongue was in my mouth. I did laugh, and Kassi, laughed too, and soon the two of us were Frenching and laughing as my hand, now under the blouse fastened on a turgid nipple and with a shiver, she fastened on my earlobe, applying pressure to it equal to what I was to her.

I peeked over Kassi's shoulder, my curiosity over what Artie had managed to accomplish with Brittany winning out for the moment over reaching between Kassi's thighs to feel how wet her pussy was.

Only the top of his head was visible. From the sound effects, I surmised that his mouth was busy with her breasts and that she was enjoying it. I couldn't let my buddy get too far ahead of me, and so I pulled Kassi's blouse up, exposing her beautiful breasts to anyone that happened to pass by. From the quiet moans she was making she didn't seem to mind, and then she was holding the back of my head, forcing me down onto her.

I bit a nipple, and she dug her fingers into my hair. She was ready for anything. The question was: Was Brittany?

The answer came almost immediately as Brittany's hand wandered along my leg and up to my crotch. I was compelled to take my mouth away from the sweet taste of Kassi's nipple and look at what Brittany was up to. They were kissing. Frenching, actually, and her other hand was lodged in Artie's fly, now completely unzippered. 

She apparently wanted the thrill of holding two cocks at the same time.

I gently steered Kassi's face in their direction, signaling her to remain quiet.

Her eyes widened in surprise, first at seeing Brittany's hand in Artie's fly and then at her hand squeezing my erection.

Putting my finger to my lips, I carefully opened my fly and took my dick out. Kassi's mouth opened into a perfect O. Brittany's attention was on Artie. She was trying to work his erection out of his pants, but having a problem with it because Artie was too dumbfounded to help.

With a grin on my face, I slapped Brittany's hand with my fully exposed dick, and she quietly yipped, caught completely off guard.

Kassi was giggling, and after a moment, whispered to me that they had discussed the possibility of holding two cocks in their hands at one time. I nodded, and allowed Brittany to take a firm grasp of my dick, but I then placed Kassi's hand over hers.

Artie finally realized that Brittany needed his assistance, and holding her hand in his, helped her to salvage his cock from his pants. Now, she turned to me, and with a gleam in her eye, she began jerking both cocks off at the same time. Kassi's mouth descended, engulfing the head of my dick, even as Brittany jerked me off. I reached out and guided Brittany to within inches of Artie's erection. She did the rest on her own, kissing and sucking her way around the head of his cock, which, quite frankly, surprised me with its size. Artie was generously endowed; perhaps seven inches. I was proud of myself, knowing the girls would be disappointed later on when meeting some other boys with less to offer.

Smugly satisfied that I had found 'the right guy' for Brittany, I leaned back and admired the girls as they worked on us.

From the look on Artie's face, Brittany absolutely owned him. I decided to ignore them and concentrate on Kassi and me for a time. 

Kassi's newly educated tongue was now moving up and down the shaft of my penis; and with a slight toss of her head to clear the hair from her eyes, she gazed up at me, her doe-like eyes professing an innocence now far removed.

A couple trudged up the aisle, headed for the exit, but saw what we were doing, and halted in mid-step to watch.

"Jesus, Sally," I heard him exclaim, "You gotta do me like that when we get home."

"No," she responded, "I'll do it as soon as we get in the car!"

For Kassi, their comments helped her shed any vestige of nervousness or embarrassment at what we were doing. "I hope she does this to him in the car," she murmured, and lifting my ball sacs in her hand, brought them to her mouth and engulfed them ... one at a time.

"Geez," I husked, "Don't swallow them, I may need them later."

"I won't, don't worry about that," Kassi said, her voice slightly slurred as my dick lolled in her mouth. It fell completely out of her mouth when she got up on her knees and straddled me, one hand on the back of my seat for balance.

"What?" I stammered.

"Let's fuck!" she said.

"Ride 'em cowgirl!' Artie called out, a little too loud for me.

"Shut up!" I hissed.

"Sorry, ' he said apologetically, as Brittany copied Kassi's moves.

"Did you two choreograph this at home?' I asked sarcastically.

Brittany giggled. "What if we did?"

"Then I congratulate the both of you," I said and started laughing.
