 This story is the sixth of a series, which began with A Knee, A Rub, A Beer and A Babe and continued with similarly named stories.

The first story introduced Jake to the gorgeous, red-haired Suz and described their kinky encounter at a slightly darkened bar. The second story found Jake and Suz about leave the bar, when Suz's incredible, dark-haired, and longtime lover, Michele, the bartender in the first story, asked to join them. Of course, Jake and Suz agree, and the story describes their late night escapade. The third story continues in the wee hours of the next morning as Michele seduces Jake. The fourth story picks up later that morning with Suz and Jake in their own duet, followed by a serious talk, and concluding with Michele and Jake giving Suz a "doubly" fulfilling workout. The fifth story begins with Jake declining the opportunity of sex with his friends because he has a tennis match, but continues with the women in their own twosome. Later the women treat Jake to a trim, a shave and much more. 

This sixth story begins with Jake, Suz and Michele getting ready to go out for dinner with three women.

I offer both public tribute and my deepest appreciation to adetaildiva for her invaluable assistance as a volunteer editor. She's fixed my grammar, placed my commas, answered my many, silly questions, suggested words and thoughts here and there, and generally 'rattled' [her word] at me when I was completely off base.

* * * 

"I know Evelyn and Jenny are a couple, but I don't know if Tanya is just a friend, or if the three of them have some sort of a more complicated relationship," Suz explained in response to her lover's question. 

"Evelyn's the one who's your client, right?" Michele asked.

"Yes, she is. We've done several ad campaigns for her vineyard over the last couple of years. She can be a bit extreme at times. Oh, I haven't told her we're bringing Jake to dinner."

"I wonder how Jake will react to seeing her?"

I interrupted the women's conversation as I called upstairs to the bedroom from my home's main floor, "Which of you owns the Jetta?" 

"I do," came Michele's voice.

"Throw down your keys so I can move it." 

Michele's head poked over the half wall which separates the bedroom above from the living room below. She smiled and told me, "Catch."

She tossed and I caught.

A few minutes later I was back inside. I'd moved Michele's car away from the garage door, pulled my Jeep into the garage, and backed my toy out of the garage. I was set to drive the women to Faccagnini's for dinner.

Soon I heard the sound of feet descending the stairs. I looked up and there were two women, looking different than I'd seen them before. 

Suz wore long tan gauchos, darker tan nylons (thigh highs I suspected), light-green, three-inch sandals and a lace camisole which hinted at what lay beneath and matched her shoes. She topped it all off with a short scalloped-edged, dark-brown tailored blazer. Her lips matched her crimson nails which matched the thick hair she had teased just enough to create a sensual, come hither look.

Michele wore shorter black gauchos, black nylons, black heeled and strapped sandals and a white, mostly unbuttoned tuxedo shirt. Her neck bore a silver collar from which dangled a two inch silver and red ying-yang circle. Her lips were pale and her dark hair was long and straight. Dangling earrings matched her collar and circle.

"Do you like?" Suz asked with her left arm draped over Michele's shoulders, her head bent sideways touching the top of Michele's head, and her right hand sliding inside Michele's open shirt, I'd guess finding a naked nipple.

I just stood and stared way too long before responding, "You guys can't go out looking like that. No way."

Two mouths dropped from wide smiles into semi-concerned frowns of hurt and sadness.

"If you go in those get ups, I won't stand a chance of being by your sides at the end of the evening. You're so hot you'll be gobbled up by every stud and horny woman in the restaurant."

"Don't worry about that. We have plans for you before the night's finished," Michele teased, as she lowered her head, closed her eyes and swooned, "Um, that feels nice. Pinch it harder, babe."

"Let's be off then," I proposed.

We walked out the front door and down the sidewalk past the garage. They both stopped dead in their tracks. 

"Where's the Jeep, Jake?" someone asked.

"It's in the garage. I thought we'd take my toy tonight. It's getting on into autumn, and I'm not sure how many more times I'll have this old sweetheart out."

"What is it?" Michele asked, stroking its sleek black hood as sensually as she'd ever stroked a certain redhead's smooth thigh.

"It's just an old BMW."

"It doesn't look like any BMW I've ever seen," Suz observed.

"There never were a lot of them, and even fewer are around now. BMW made them for eight or nine years in the late eighties and early nineties. This one's a 1988 vintage. Officially it's an 850ci. It fits four adults, but it's both lower and sleeker than today's sedan models. Wait until you ride in it. You'll feel raw power beneath you."

"Um, I love raw power in me, oops, I mean beneath me," Michele teased.

I refused to take that bait and instead offered, "I'll chauffeur if you two'd like the back seat. It might be a bit more—comfortable for you back there," I smiled as I opened a door. They climbed in and slid to the center of the seat.

"You sit up there and drive, Jake. Check out your mirror. Can you see us?" Suz asked.

"I sure can. Enjoy your ride."

"Be assured. I always enjoy riding Michele." 

I started up the car, turned my head to back out of the driveway, but all I saw was two mouths attacking each other. I chuckled as we hit the street and were on our way.

It was difficult keeping my eyes on the road, what with the show going on behind me. I saw mouths. I saw hands. For a minute, a heel found it's way into my lap. A toe slid past my ear and cheek and threatened my mouth until I grabbed it and bit it. A mouth found my neck and took liberties with me until I shooed it away. A hand reached into my crotch and massaged before making an attempt at my zipper. I slapped that hand away. All in all, Michele and Suz were two unruly passengers. I loved every minute of our drive.

"Show us how fast it'll go, Jake," Michele asked.

"How fast do you want to go?"

"I want to go a hundred. Will it go that fast?"

"We're already going over a hundred." 

"How fast does it go?" Suz asked.

"I've had it up to 155 on an enclosed track. I'm told that if someone took the governor off it'd go even faster, but I've never tried that."

"I thought I felt power in my groin," teased Michele. "Am I going to get some man-power from you later tonight, Jake?"

"I don't know, Michele. I've been pretty active in that category for the last twenty-four hours. Your getting power from me tonight just might depend on exactly how talented you two really are," I challenged.

"Don't worry about that, mister," answered Suz. "We're talented."

And then we were there. I exited the expressway, turned right, drove the short distance into the small town, turned left at the traffic light, drove another half mile, turned left, parked and began opening car doors. Two incredible women took a moment to straighten themselves. When finished, they exited and grabbed my arms. We eschewed Faccagnini's front door in favor of the door through their wine and cigar shop, where we browsed for a few minutes, and continued into the reception area. 

There stood Anna, hands on her seventy-five or eighty year old hips, staring at the three of us and shaking her head in disbelief. 

Faccagnini's is a family owned and operated restaurant which Anna's parents opened more than seventy years ago. They operated it for a while, then Anna and her now deceased husband took over, then their children took over and now her grandchildren were involved as well. Anna still acts as the official greeter and also oversees the gardens which grow almost all their own produce in the summer months. 

Suz and Michele separated from me and made their greetings with quick hugs and cheek pecks all around for the three women. 

"Where did you two find this man, but more importantly, why did you find him?" Anna asked in her staccato and accented voice, apparently knowing of the women's long relationship.

"He comes into my bar every now and then," Michele answered. "Last night Suz was there also. She and Jake kind of hit it off and invited me to join them at a party after work. We all had a good time and so here we are."

Anna smiled and nodded her head as though she actually believed Michele's version of the truth. She turned her head to me, spread her arms and announced, "Jake, I've not seen you for more than a year. I heard you've been sick with the cancer, but you look well now. It's so good to see you again, my friend."

"Anna, it's wonderful to be back," I responded as I walked into her hug. "You're right about my having been ill, but the cancer's gone, and I'm healthier each day. I see you already know my two, ah, nurses."

That comment garnered toe-tapping and arms-crossed glares from both Suz and Michele.

"Oh, I know them all right, Jake. You be careful of them. And you two: Jake I've known longer than I've known you. He's a good man. You be nice for him." Anna cautioned. "Now, let me take you to your table. The rest of your group already is here."

Anna walked us into the older section of the restaurant and led us to a large table overlooking an antique water wheel seemingly paddling it's way along the river flowing next to the restaurant. Ours was an excellent table with a fine view. 

As we approached the table, something in the back of my brain wondered if I recognized two of the three women already seated there. 

Anna began to make the introductions, "Suz, I think you already know these women, but Michele and Jake, you don't..." 

"I'm not so sure about that, Anna." 

Just then one of the women, an older, but quite attractive blonde, with short, spiky hair rose, burst into a huge smile, walked toward me, wrapped her arms around my neck, tilted her head back and looked me in the eye. 

"Jake? It's been years. How are you?"

"Ev? My goodness. What an incredible shock. I'm doing great. How's the tennis game?"

"Oh, I rarely play anymore. I'm having way too much fun trying to run my vineyard and keep up with Jenny here."

"Hi, Jenny," I smiled as I released Evelyn and greeted Jenny with a hug. "Ev's told me about you and even sent me a few pictures of the two of you several years back, but it's great to meet you in person. Suz, Michele, I've known Ev ever since the two of us met at a tennis tournament, what twenty years ago?"

"Twenty years, I wish, Jake. It was more like thirty. Weren't you still in college and wasn't I already an older woman?" Evelyn laughed. "Oh, excuse me, Jenny's and my friend here is Tanya. We met Tanya at a wine auction a year or so ago and we've become great friends since then. I know Suz, but, Michele, it's wonderful to meet you. Suz has great things to say about you."

Michele, Evelyn, and Jenny hugged and all three of us greeted Tanya with equally warm hugs. 

"So, Ev, how do you know Suz?" I asked.

"Oh, that's easy. Her company has done some advertizing work for my vineyard for the past couple of years. I flew to Chicago to meet with her and we got into an argument about pizza. She's trying to tell me Faccagnini's here makes the best ever. I've praised the pizza from a cute little restaurant out in Napa. We decided to settle things the civilized way, with a taste test. So here I am. As soon as I can get Suz out to California, we'll finish up our test.

"But Jake, my real question is, how did you and these two..."

And so the evening went. Questions were answered and more questions asked. Information was exchanged. Stories were told. I learned that like me, Ev had recovered from her own bout with cancer not long after meeting Jenny, something I chided her for not sharing with me at the time. We yacked and yacked and yacked. Six people, most of whom began as strangers, became fast friends. 

After an initial round of drinks, we ordered pizzas and garden salads. We shared two bottles of Anna's family's estate wine from Italy. Ev had a hundred questions for Anna about where in Italy the grapes were grown, about the soil, about the grapes themselves, the temperature, the humidity, how the wine was stored and aged, about barrels, corks and on and on and on. We finished the pizzas and the wine and Anna treated us to her family's tiramisu accompanied by cognac and coffee.

As the evening wound down, I excused myself to go to the restroom. I stationed myself before a cold, white urinal and stared down at the immaculately clean, gray and black tiled floor. My mind flashed to that day, many, many years ago when I'd met Ev. We were both playing in a tennis tournament. She was a Californian: long and blonde, and both older and more experienced than I. 

I went out with her that evening and after too many bottles of wine, our conversation turned to sex. She made it clear that she preferred women, but that she occasionally enjoyed what a man had to offer. 

We discussed many aspects of both relationships and sex, but eventually our conversation turned to the women's movement. Ev explained the anti-sex and pro-sex wings of those active in women's issues. Finally, we hit upon the concept of trust versus danger for women during a hetero sexual encounter. Ev described an erotic Indian painting of a hetero couple having intercourse, upside down, on a galloping horse. Both the man and the woman appeared to be intensely uncomfortable. She wondered if the painting somehow symbolized her own struggle to understand her sexuality.

Our wine laden minds decided it would be a good idea to test Ev's "uncomfortable sex" theory that night with an instructive, for me at least, midnight visit to the tournament's hard-surfaced tennis courts.

Evelyn and I stayed in touch over the years, but I hadn't seen her since that night so many years ago, and I'd not had any contact with her for the past couple of years.

My reminiscing was interrupted by someone entering the restroom. I glanced up at the mirror in front of me and saw Evelyn. She caught my reflected smile as I continued doing my business. 

She smiled back, walked to the urinal, reached in and wrapped her hand around me. She looked at me, winked, and began, "I remember this guy. Oh, don't worry, Jake. All I'm going to do aim him while you're still peeing and then shake him when you're finished." 

I was speechless until she asked, "So, what's going on, Jake?" 

"I'm not sure, Ev. You want the long or the short version?" 

"We're in the mens' room and we've each got two women out there waiting for us. Which do you think?"

I chuckled and began, "I'd had a really tough week and stopped off at my favorite bar for a quick beer and a sandwich on the way home last night. Not too long after I got there, Suz, whom I'd never seen before, approached, and I basically blew her off. I was tired and just not in the mood to be my usual charming self. Michele's worked behind the bar there for six or seven years and I've talked with her every now and then, but neither of us ever has tried connecting. Anyway, she gave me that look that said Suz was okay, so I got nice. Before I knew it, I was getting a handjob down at the far end of the bar..." 

"...Ha!" Ev interrupted. "Is that anything like getting blown and fucked in the middle of a hard, cold tennis court by an older woman?" 

I broke into a huge grin. "Yeah, I suppose it falls onto the Richter Scale somewhere around the same spot. Oh, and don't you dare forget that your, ah, oral worship was reciprocated."

"And quite nicely," Ev complimented.

"Ah, Ev. I think you can stop shaking it now."

"Oh, relax Jake. He's just beginning to respond. He always was a quick starter—with a nice smooth, tasty finish, at least, as I recall," she grinned, but didn't release me. 

I gave her my sternest look and she returned her own look of blase indifference and began stroking as opposed to shaking.

"Anyway," I gulped and returned to my story, "the two of them picked me up and accompanied me home. I've been sucked and fucked in so many directions since then that I've lost count. Now, they've intimated that they want some man to join them on some kind of life's journey, whatever that means." 

"Ah, come on, Jake. That sounds like every hetero man's fantasy, a perpetual menage with two of our better looking lesbians." 

"I swear, Ev. It's true, every word of it." 

"How long has it been since you've had any type of serious relationship?" 

I shrugged my shoulders and answered, "Probably not since Mary." 

"You're kidding! What's that, thirteen, fourteen years?" 

"Fifteen." I corrected. 

"Long time. Well, do you like them?" 

"Actually, I kinda do." 

"What do you like most?" 

I stopped and thought. I'd known Ev long enough to recognize a serious question when I heard it. I tried to focus on something other than Ev's talented hand on my cock and recalled my conversation with Suz and Michele earlier this morning. I pictured in my mind how the two of them looked with Suz sitting in the easy chair and Michele sitting beneath her on the floor while they held hands. 

"I like the way they look together, Ev." 

Ev's eyes opened wider; her brows rose; her lips pursed; and her head nodded approvingly. "You're an observant man, Jake. My advice? Go for it. It's time you began enjoying yourself again." 

"Won't they be excommunicated or something?" 

"A few of our sisters might scoff, but most who know them will continue to accept them. Until I met and fell in love with Jenny, I tried out an occasional man, so, in my never-to-be-humble opinion, they know exactly what they're doing. I might add, if they're focusing on you, they're making an excellent choice." 

"Then, you think they're serious about this journey thing of theirs."

"Suz talked to me about this concept a while ago, Jake and..."

"You didn't Ev, did you?" I interrupted.

"Oh, Jake. I might have let it drop that once upon a time I knew a guy from Kalamazoo."

I picked my words slowly and carefully, "So then, last night wasn't just a coincidence?"

"I don't know, Jake. I doubt they had any way of knowing you'd stop in that bar specifically last night. On the other hand, they might have been prepared just in case. I can tell you that Suz said nothing to me about your being here tonight." 

"But you asked if they were serious about a man and their journey. Yes, my friend, they're quite serious." 

"Thanks, Ev. You've always been both wiser and more devious than I. Now, get out of here. I'll give you a thirty second head start." 

Ev smiled, but the only part of her that moved was her right hand. She casually remarked, "Now all we've got to do is convince the general population of that."

"Um, Ev. On the drive out here, Suz and Michele hinted that when we get back home they might want to use that thing that you're so masterfully stroking down there. As you must realize, I'm no longer twenty-one years old and he doesn't recover quite as quickly as he once did. So, unless you intend to give me a signed note excusing me from further performance tonight, you'd better stop stroking now."

"But, Jake, he's so nice and hard and his skin is so smooth and velvety..."

"Stop, Ev. Now!"

"Oh, Jake, you wouldn't mind if I just knelt for a minute and..."

"Yes, Ev. I would mind."

"Spoilsport."

We both laughed as Ev released me, turned, and strolled out of the men's room as calmly and confidently as she'd walked in. By the time I got back to the table, she was talking with Michele about the chemistry of wine making or something like that. 
