 I had been trying to write a Great American novel for years but had only succeed in writing an episodic tale of a town, an episodic tale of a singer, and a convoluted science fiction story. My agents found online publishers for each but not print publishers.

My agents were a lesbian couple that would kindly be described as colorful. I described them as batty. 

One, her name was Virginia, appeared to be mostly sane but appearances were deceiving. She was a weirdo, a very intelligent and perceptive well-dressed lady but a weirdo. She was positive aliens lived among us. She loved reptiles.

The other, her name was Sunny, was an out and proud dingbat. When she dressed at all she always seemed to forget something, usually shoes. Most of the time she wore just an ill-fitting t-shirt. If she liked you she kissed you hard and often regardless of your sex or orientation. She had bared her tit for me to kiss at times. They were fabulous tits.

Each was around their late thirties and successful agents that knew their stuff. 

Conversations with each other and with me were hard to follow at times because both often ended up on a tangent that needed to be resolved right then and there. 

Sometimes a kiss had them hurrying to the bedroom even though they had business to conduct.

Their office was in their home.

I was there because a publisher had bought my last manuscript. It was a long and convoluted love/lust story covering three generations of five families spread over North America.

I did not think it was that good but it was over six hundred pages which qualified as a novel so I sent it to the ladies. They knew exactly who would love it and I was soon to be a published author.

The ladies had negotiated a nice contract for me and I signed it in their office. Then they told me I was spending the night fucking them.

No, they were not kidding.

Both were eminently fuckable so I agreed but stipulated I would do so separately and for one entire night each.

They enthusiastically agreed.

I was in my late twenties and until that summer a school teacher. I had not resigned yet but I saw that I could make a lot more money by writing instead of teaching. I had just gotten a check that equalled three years of a teacher's salary so I was tempted and I had two more big checks coming before one year passed.

It had also been years since I had fucked anyone younger than me so fucking Sunny and Virginia was not going to be anything new.

My first night was with Virginia, it was formal sex. There was not cock sucking, pussy eating, just fucks. The fucks alternated from wild to mild and lasted until two AM. She had perhaps twelve orgasms and I had three. A very worthwhile evening.

I did need my rest so the next morning I told Sunny our turn would be the next day even though I was staying with them that night.

"You could watch Virginia and I fuck if you want," Sunny said.

"He is not interested in seeing two old broads fuck."

"You are right there but I would love to see both of you make love tonight," I said.

Both kissed me then went to their office. I went to the back porch and the first thing I saw was a snake slithering along a walkway.

Their yard had been taken over by nature, if it had ever been tamed. It was a big yard with a pond in the middle and the largest hibiscus plants I had ever seen on either side. The pond had fish and frogs and turtles and snakes and water dragon lizards in it. There was a bench next to it for the ladies to sit and watch their own wildlife show. That part of their world was Virginias doing. She had been a junior high life science teacher.

There was another bench surrounded by gardenias at one end of a walkway and a covered swing at the other. The gardenias were not in bloom so I took my coffee to the swing and sat and watched the fenced in zoo. An iguana came by to inspect me as did a tortoise, both had hoped I had a head of lettuce on me. 

The snake I had seen earlier slid between us towards the pond.

I was so mesmerized by the sights and smells that I was surprised when Sunny came out with lunch. 

She was nude.

I thanked her for my sandwich and her nudity and she said, "Anytime."

She reminded me that the publishers were expecting a second book a year from then. I told her I had one in mind but probably needed to spend some time in Italy first. It would be a romance between a staid Englishman and a full of life Italian woman.

"Like me?"

"Maybe a little less full of life but close."

We began to kiss between bites of food. Then she presented her tits for me to kiss. Then she presented her pussy for me to kiss. I gave her pussy several French kisses she seemed to enjoy.

After an orgasm she said she needed to get back to work and left.

I relocated by the pond, the bench was now in the shade of a lemon tree. The two dinner plate size turtles came to see if I had any dog food on me, one was a softshell, the other a snapper, both were disappointed. So were the fish.

There was a small island in the middle of the pond, maybe six feet across, a couple of water dragons were dozing on it and each gave me a sleepy look and went back to sleep.

Virginia joined me and she had lettuce, dog food and live crickets. The land and water turtles and lizards were happy. Two ribbon water snakes feasted on the crickets that accidentally jumped into the water but they were risking their lives doing so because the turtles were after those too.

Virginia said, "Your idea of doing a love story about disparate people seems good. Remember to pepper it with funny scenes, your publisher loved the ones in your first book," Virginia said.

"Not a problem, all my stories seem to have a few of those."

"Oh, thanks for last night. It was the longest and best fuck of my life. It should last me a while."

"Call me when it wears off and I will re-charge you."

"Thanks, it will be a few months. Sunny will need recharging more often so be ready for that."

"How did you and Sunny ever get together?"

"We were lab partners on our high school biology class. No one else wanted anything to do with us even though we both put out when asked by anybody regardless of sex. 

Our respective quirks fit perfectly with the others. We have been partners since then. We still put out when asked but those requests have become rare and most are from women. Your editor is our most frequent partner, she left just before you came up."

I kissed her softly which she enjoyed then kissed me softly which I enjoyed.

"I need to go back in. Sunny is likely trying to seduce the actor that is visiting us. We got him a bit part in the next Star Trek film."

I was left with the wild creatures and I just sort of dozed off. It was late afternoon before I awoke and decided I needed to pee. I did so next to the tree Sunny pissed on. On my way to it I stepped over a snake that rose straight up for a better look at my crotch and I was happy it was not long enough to reach it and I that I was wearing jeans.

I wondered if it was an egg-eater.

I was shaking my cock when I heard Sunny say, "I'll do that for you."

She did and stroked it a couple of times before returning it to my pants.

"Virginia and I decided that since you now have a lot of money you are taking us out to dinner."

"Fine with me. Where would you like to go?"

"Your hometown and your Italian place."

"Bring overnight clothes, you will be spending the weekend in my house."

"We have packed already."

"Let's go."

As usual the first to come over to them in mid squeal was Carly. It was not the first time they caused a scene at Julian's. Everyone seemed to enjoy those.

Virginia and Sunny had been in my town often, the first time had been to sign me up as a client. They had fallen in love with the town and the town had fallen in love with them immediately.

Carly had begun a campaign to convince them to move their agency to town from the first time they met. This time she had bait.

"Oh, did I mention a house with a big yard abutting the preserve has become available? It has been zoned commercial. Amanda will be over soon and will show it to you," 

That was the first thing Carly said to them after the big kisses.

"Let us eat first, he is paying you know. He has become a soon to be published author."

Carly devoured me in a kiss at the news and soon many were coming by to say hello to the ladies and congratulate me.

Marissa brought us our dinner which we had yet to order. It was of course what we would have ordered anyway.

Amanda came in and took the batty ones away and about an hour later brought them to my house and printed out a contract.

She told me, "It's at the very end of the old residential section of town. It was used as a law office by old Mr. Hatchett. He is now at an assisted living home in the city and his kids want nothing to do with the house. The ladies will actually make money on this," Amanda said to me.

I said to Virginia, "You need to dig a pond in your new yard first."

"No, we don't. There is an even bigger pond there already complete with a waterfall and an island. We just need some nets and some cages," Virginia said.

"We can be living here by next weekend," Sunny added.

Amanda said to the ladies, "You know, Carly has room for two people at her agency and her husband has room for two people on his floor."

"Do they have a dress code?" Sunny asked.

"Oh, sorry. I forgot. Nevermind."

I did fuck Sunny that Friday night which was wild and strange and a lot of fun. I fucked both of them Saturday night after we returned from the lesbian biker club.

On Sunday I took them home and brought nets, buckets, and cages with me. I spent the day capturing creatures then drove them to their new yard and released them. The turtles and the water dragons loved the waterfall. The fish seemed to be mildly inconvenienced. I had not managed to catch the water snakes and there were still some fish in the ladies' pond. 

I returned to their yard that Wednesday, they seemed to have already packed up the house and were starting on the office.

I caught a total of seven snakes including the two ribbon snakes and a second iguana I had not seen before. They wanted every frog and every toad too so I borrowed two more pillow cases and filled them up.

After I turned them lose at their new yard they soon had a visitor, a young raccoon was fishing the pond. He caught and left with a just transplanted frog.

I decided not to tell the ladies.

I did tell them their yard needed to be sealed off from marauders.

They moved into the house that Saturday morning. Carly, Ruthie, Helen, Fiona and Clara helped. Sean, Jimmy and I moved the furniture around at their whims.

Sunday they hosted a party for all that soon became a lesbian orgy so the guys and I left. On Monday it was just as if they had always lived there.

I visited with them at times and found Sunny and some of our town women naked in their yard often. None bothered to dress while I was there. Clara, Fiona, Carly and Helen were their most common visitors.

Sunny fucked me in the presence of others at times.

Months passed and I had an outline for my next novel but could not make my main characters stand out. Then the ladies pulled a miracle, they managed to convince my publisher to rent a house for me in Como and the following April I was a resident of Italy.

The house was on the side of a mountain ten minutes outside town. I had a nice view of the lake and had a housekeeper. My computer, printer, and internet connections were soon ready and I began my story.

The first chapter wrote itself, during my overnight flight to Milan I heard that the passengers in the seats behind me were fucking. A stewardess may have witnessed and approved of the trysts. 

I had the Brit in my seat and he had been both fascinated and scandalized. Three days later I was happy with chapter one and sent it in.

The ladies loved it.

Chapter two was supposed to be the funny meet between my protagonists but it ended up being about my housekeeper and our mutual seduction.

My Italian and her English were rudimentary but we soon learned we both spoke Spanish. Our happiness led to cheek kisses then to lip kisses then to full tongue kisses that first week.

Our first fuck was the next Tuesday and she was a very horny woman. We were soon in a pattern, she would come in in the morning and crawl naked into my bed. We fucked at least once, usually twice, sometimes three times during the day. 

Besides being a great fuck she was an excellent housekeeper.

She was also married although she had no idea where her husband was. She did know he was with another woman so felt no guilt in fucking me. She was eight years older than me, the same as the batty ones.

Her name was Dolores and was originally from Sevilla. 

Her husband had been in Spain with a film crew and had gotten her pregnant. He was twelve years older than she was.

They had been pressured to marry and they did try to make it work but as soon a their daughter left home he did too. Dolores was not surprised.

She found a group of similarly husband-less wives and all learned they loved to eat pussy.

A month into my stay I asked her to invite her friends to my house for dinner on a Sunday afternoon.

She asked for extra money for food supplies and I gave her a hundred euros. She said she was thinking in terms of twenty euros. 

I told her to simply bring me the change and reminded her that a lot of wine would be consumed. She nodded. 

My change back was thirty five euros. She bought a lot of wine.

That Saturday she came over even though it was not a workday for her. She said she had items to marinade. As soon as she was done in the kitchen she took her clothes off and got on my bed. I was soon making love to her.

Most of the time we just fucked. But that day I wanted to love her. 

That did confuse her. I had to explain that sometimes that was what I wanted and it did not mean anything beyond that.

She decided she wanted that too. 

A difference between making love and fucking is that during the former there are long pauses. We used them to talk.

She admitted her friends suspected there was something between us other than boss and housekeeper but she had not told them anything about our relationship, well except for one. She trusted that one with the secret.

I asked her if the relationship could get her fired and she admitted it could but she preferred the sex to her job so I should not worry. 

She did say that one of our guests the next day was the sister of her boss so we probably needed to be careful.

We resumed our lovemaking until her next orgasm then we talked about the menu. It would be paella Valenciana. I gave her my enthusiastic approval.

After another orgasm she described the friends that were coming, there would be four of them and she had eaten every pussy. 

Her next orgasm was intense enough to bring out mine. We cuddled and caressed for a few minutes then had dinner.

It was nearly dark before she left my house.

That Sunday they came to my house directly from Mass and were dressed nicely. The women were from their late twenties to early fifties. I kissed each cheek as I was introduced and noted that two of them intensified and extended the greetings. Dolores saw those and smiled innocently. As they moved into the living room she whispered, "Those two want you to fuck them, today."

One of her friends could speak English, one could speak Spanish. The oldest and youngest two spoke only Italian so our conversations needed to be translated every time. Still my house was soon filled with loud laughter.

We sat to eat and we were all very impressed with the paella Dolores had fixed for us. None of her friends had ever eaten it before and they gushed about it. 

I had eaten it before, my town had a resident world class chef and hers was much better but again she was a world class chef. Dolores's dish was excellent.

The wine drinking had begun before we ate and after all the food was gone we got serious about our drinking.

Lips were kissing lips and hands were caressing tits before long. I had two bedrooms but the second bedroom just had a small bed in it, still two of our guests decided to go there and "rest."

Their rest soon became very loud bringing the rest of us to laughter. 

Soon after that the youngest and oldest decided they needed to go home. The oldest was the sister to Dolores's boss.

It was obvious to Dolores and me the noises from my second bedroom had inspired them

As soon as they left Dolores took me to my small bedroom and announced that my bed was much bigger and could accommodate all of us.

She was nude before she got there, the other two were already nude.

The three disrobed me and the one who spoke English said, "Me first."

I fucked her hard to a nice orgasm then fucked the other one that spoke Spanish to an orgasm. Dolores was eating the English speaker's pussy so I left the bed. I was not sure she wanted me to fuck her to witnesses.

I was drinking wine on the sofa when the one that spoke English came to me. Her name was Gretchen and she was actually from Austria. She held her glass of wine steady as she slipped her pussy over my cock.

"Thanks for the nice fuck. Dolores told me your lovemaking is exceptional, I will want one of those too. I know you are saving yourself for her until we leave which Ana will do in a few minutes, but I will not. 

Dolores has bragged about your control and we will put you to the test. We will both be spending the night here."

She kissed me and resumed drinking her wine so I did too. I also kissed her tits which were fabulous. Each tit kiss was followed by a pussy squeeze to my cock so I kissed her tits a lot.

Ana rushed to us, kissed us then ran out. She was already dressed. She was barely older than Dolores I later learned.

I stood up with Gretchen still impaled by my cock and I walked us to my bed and got on my back.

She softly fucked me for her nice cum then allowed Dolores to take her place at my cock.

Dolores wanted a hard fuck and tried to fuck me to Sicily. Her wild cum brought out mine. As soon as she slid off me, Gretchen settled at her pussy and began to make love to it. I kissed Dolores and her tits as Gretchen took her to three orgasms.

Dolores was soon asleep so Gretchen and I went for more wine. Even though my cock was dead she decided to sit on my lap as she had before. We drank wine and kissed.

"Dolores is the most loving of the five of us. I fell in love with her before I knew about loving women. She was my first. 

Ana is the most enthusiastic of us, she is the only one that was a lesbian in the first place. She works tonight at a hotel in Como which is why she rushed out, she may want you again. You were her first man in years.

The other two are in a mother-daughter type of relationship that at times include sex. I am sure tonight is one of those times."

"Would Dolores lose her job if her boss found out about us?"

"Yes, most likely. He is afraid he would be accused of running a sex business and lose his license."

"That's too bad. I want to take her out to dinner and dancing."

"You would have to fire her first."

"Fire who first?" Dolores asked as she came to us with a glass of wine.

"You. He wants to take you to dinner and dancing. He forgot you are a lesbian."

"Oh, I would love that, but she is right. We can't."

Until then I did not know Gretchen also spoke Spanish, I knew Dolores understood English somewhat well.

"How long would it take to go to Lugano?" I asked.

"Around forty five minutes," Dolores answered excitedly.

"Next weekend," I said.

Dolores pushed Gretchen off me and sat on my lap and kissed me hungrily.

