 We have had this dinner planned for about a month. I met you at the restaurant after you got off of work but I took the day off to make some special plans of my own. 

You got there before I did and I slide into the candlelit booth next to you as you scoots over to let me in. Our waitress comes to get our drink order and I slide your hand up my thigh and under my dress so you can realize that I'm not wearing anything under my dress. You look surprised as I slip my hand inside your now unzipped pants and wrap it around your quickly hardening cock. I begin to massage you as we watch the people around us, completely oblivious to our actions. 

As you play with the outside of my lips, I rub the tip of my thumb over the hole, smearing the precum around the head of your hard as steel cock and then bring my hand to my mouth to lick the precum off of my thumb. I then bring my hand back to your cock and softly squeeze and slide my hand up and down your shaft slowly a few times before massaging your balls, feeling how full and tight they already are before continuing my mission on your cock. I keep sliding my hand up and down on your cock until you close your eyes and start to moan a little and that's my cue to stop. You open your eyes in surprise until you see me motion towards the restroom.

You follow me to the restroom where I'm checking the stalls and when I'm certain that we're alone, I lock the door and push you against the wall. As you crash against the wall, I'm already removing your belt and pushing your pants, boxers and all, to the floor. I instantly take your cock into my mouth, grabbing your ass to push it as far into my mouth as I can get it and sucking on it so hard that it's like my oxygen and I can't breathe. 

I pull your wet cock out of my mouth and throw off my dress to slide your cock up and down in between my titties, bouncing to go faster, and urging you "Cum on my tits Baby! Please cum for me!" As you begin to squirt your hot load onto my tits, I move my head enough to catch some of your love juice with my mouth and swirl it around my tongue and throughout my mouth before swallowing it. I lick the rest of it off of your cock to help clean you up a bit to go back to our table. After we get dressed and cleaned up and are headed back to our table, I whisper "you need to hydrate because there is more to cum, I promise." 

I manage to keep my hand on your cock through most of dinner, making sure you stay nice and hard for the surprise I have waiting for you at home. In the car, I suck on your cock a little to keep you nice and hard but not enough to make you cum again. That comes later. 

When we get home, I tell you to grab a beer and sit down on the couch, I have to go get something from the bedroom. When I come back out, I'm wearing nothing but the brand new leather cupless corset that I bought especially for tonight and holding a riding crop. I pop my leg with the crop to get your attention and watch as your jaw drops when you see me. I love that look on your face. I hold up my other hand which has a blindfold in it as I tell you that you only get your surprise if you trust me and you're so stunned by my outfit that you just nod. I put the blind fold on you and lead you into the bedroom and sit you down on the computer chair, and linking your arms behind you, I handcuff them behind the chair. I then remove your blindfold to reveal that we're not alone!

I introduce you to Leyla, who is wearing one of those skimpy school girl outfits and explain that during lunch this afternoon, Leyla was a very naughty girl so I brought her home to punish her. We instantly see the rise in your pants as you get harder than I ever thought you could. I bend Leyla over the bed and raise her skirt up to expose her ass as I spank it with my riding crop, leaving a nice red welt before I rub it out with my hand. I look at you and ask, "You ok over there baby? You're lookin' a little flushed!" 

I walk over to you and sit in your lap for just a moment as I lightly lick your lips and let you kiss me before hopping off to tend to my dirty little mistress. I walk back to Leyla and leave another welt on her other ass cheek, but this time I lean over to soothe the redness with my tongue as I reach around with my hand to feel how wet she is. I bring my fingers from Leyla's pussy to my mouth to take a taste. You watch as I slowly suck on my fingers and moan "mmmmmmm..." 

I take another dip into her pussy and bring my fingers to your mouth so you can have a taste. I walk back over to Leyla and turn her around so she can face you and make you watch as I take off her top and flick her nipples with my tongue. You watch as I bring my hand down under her skirt again. I leave her little skirt on as I sit her on the bed and pull it up to reveal that her beautiful shaved pussy is sopping wet with her pussy juices. I shove one of my titties in her face as I begin to slosh my fingers all around in her juicy pussy, beginning with one finger, then three inside of her while my thumb works her clit, making sure you see everything. 

I watch your eyes glaze over as I lean Leyla back and I dip my head lower as I swipe my tongue from her hole to the top of her clit. I stand up to walk back over to you to give you a kiss and give you some of Leyla's juices. I grind my pussy against your lap a little before going to the bathroom for just a minute to put something else on...

I come back out wearing a huge black strapon that's at least nine inches long that I slowly put into Leyla's hot cunt, watching you squirm every time I put another inch inside of her and as she moans with pleasure. I only get halfway in before I look at you and pull almost all the way out before slamming the entire length into Leyla as she screamed out in pleasure. I begin to move my hips faster and harder pumping this hard, fake cock into Leyla as you squirm in your handcuffs. I keep pumping into Leyla until she screams out her orgasm. I pull out of Leyla and bring the giant dildo to you to make you take some of it in your mouth and wipe off Leyla's juices from my newest toy. I take it off and tell you your next surprise.

The deal is that you can fuck and suck Leyla as much as you want and where ever you want, but you cannot cum inside of her and only with a condom. After you agree, Leyla removes your pants and shoes and I slide onto your lap again, letting all of my wetness leak onto your lap. I then grab each side of your shirt and rip it open. I nibble your ear and slide my tongue along your jaw line to find your mouth, and give you a kiss, sucking in your bottom lip in between my teeth. I then my move my tongue down your neck and onto your chest and take a nipple into my mouth, sucking and biting the way I know you love. I can feel how much you want to be released from your prison chair, so I whisper our rule again, slide off of your lap, and get behind the chair to release the handcuffs.

You fly out of the chair and dive right into Leyla's pussy, which is still dripping. As she moans with delight from your skillful tongue, I squat over Leyla's face to give her mouth something to do.

I suggest a new position by pulling your face from Leyla's pussy, putting Leyla on all fours while you slide your cock in and out of her while Leyla continues to suck on my clit but this time, where you can see all of the action. I twist my hands throughout her hair as you continue to pound in and out of Leyla's pussy. I see you about to explode so I quickly hop off of the bed and literally pull you off of Leyla and push you to the floor. I make Leyla come are and sit on your face while I ride your cock until you shoot your cum inside of my belly. We all collapse on the floor, legs all entwined together. I lean up long enough to grab the sheet off of the bed and cover us up. 

The three of us spent hours licking, sucking, and fucking the night away in all sorts of positions. 

In the morning, I wake up and see that Leyla has already left. I kiss your forehead and then move my mouth to your cock. As I begin to suck and tease, you begin to grow again and get hard. You wake up with a sparkle in your eyes. I let your cock out of my mouth long enough to kiss you and whisper "Happy Anniversary, my love" and go back to my mission of making you cum, yet again.

Later on that evening, after we've slept away most of our day, regaining our strength, I hand you a gift. You look at me in surprise and ask me, "What else could this possibly be?" I tell you to open it. After you get through the wrapping paper, you open up an unlabeled DVD case with an unlabeled disc. I put it in the DVD player and start kissing your neck as you watch the screen and see me lead you in, blindfolded and sit you down on the computer chair and handcuff your hands behind your back...