 It was my boyfriend's birthday and I had spent all afternoon baking for him. My boyfriend has a sweet tooth and I knew that he would enjoy that. I also decided to give myself to him for his birthday. I wanted to look extra beautiful for him. 

My name is Christina Peters and I am 5'8". I have long blond hair and blue eyes. I have a large chest and long legs. For my boyfriend's birthday, I wore a red quarter cup bra, red lace panties, red garter belt, tan hold up stockings, and black heels. 

I had baked a tiered cake, cupcakes, and I put strawberries in a bowl and had another bowl filled with whipped cream. I put helium balloons all in the room to make it look festive. I also made tea and poured them in our tea cups. I arranged flowers in vases. I also put dollops of whipped cream on my nipples. 

I put on some very soft music and just waited for him to come home. I also had another surprise for him. My boyfriend had been begging for us to have another woman join us and have a threesome.

I had joined a website and had found a woman that I really hit it off with. We started to e-mail each other back and forth. I had mentioned that my boyfriend's birthday was next week and he wanted to have a threesome with another woman and us. She said she would love to join us. 

I had arranged with her to come to our apartment at seven o'clock this evening. Her name is Maria. She's a bi-sexual woman and enjoys both men and women. We just met for coffee, to see if we were attracted to one another. I'd never been with a woman before, so this would really be quite a treat for my boyfriend. 

I knew he would be very excited. I also got a double dong for the two of us to use, so my boyfriend could watch me and Maria get off together. I thought he'd like that. I was expecting him any moment. I couldn't wait to see what he thought of this whole scene I had created and the surprise with Maria. 

I sat quietly on the floor in the candlelight, waiting for him to enter our apartment. When he opened the door, he'd see me sprawled out on the floor with everything around me. I'was so excited, and my pussy was on fire. I couldn't wait to make love when he arrived. 

All of a sudden, I heard the key open the door and my boyfriend Timothy walked in. 

"Happy Birthday, Timothy," I said. 

"Wow, aren't you a sight for sore eyes. What an amazing scene you've created. Oh my God!" 

Timothy looked at everything and then helped me up and gave me a deep and passionate kiss. He then got eye level with my breasts and licked the cream off my nipples. 

"You look incredibly sexy, Christina. I'm so hard just looking at you." 

Timothy licked all the cream off my nipples and then put his hands in my panties and fingered my bald pussy. His fingers rubbed and massaged my clit as I stood there while he was getting me off. He loved to get my pussy all nice and wet so he could lick my juices. 

"You're so wet my darling. Look at you and all of this stuff. You're so sweet. Your pussy is now going to get a little loving my darling. I see you have some strawberries here. Lie down my love. I shall put them into you and eat them out of your gorgeous pussy." 

I got comfortable on the couch. Timothy took my panties off. He just sat there a minute and smelled my pussy perfume. He really loved the smell of my cunt. Then he took some of the strawberries and pushed them into my pussy. He took the whipped cream and rubbed it all over my pussy. 

"Oh baby, you look so hot in your sexy bra. Now I have whipped cream and strawberries in that gorgeous pussy of yours. Now I'm going to enjoy you." 

Timothy then licked at the whipped cream on my pussy. He was making all kinds of noises while eating my pussy. He was lightly chewing on my pussy lips and putting kisses on the center of my cunt. 

"Oh God, that feels so good. Don't stop. I love when you lick my pussy. Oh God!" 

Timothy then pushed his tongue into my pussy and was getting the strawberry out with his tongue. It felt a little odd to have it inside of me and then having him work to get it out, it felt really different. The strawberry was so deep inside of me, but he was able to bring it down and then he ate it. It was so erotic and really hot. 

After he did that, I couldn't stand it and had a huge orgasm on his face. He drank my pussy juices. 

"That was so hot Timothy. Oh my God! I have another surprise for you a little later." 

"What is it? I can't believe you have done all of this." 

"We're going to have a threesome with a girl named Maria. I met her online, and she agreed to have sex with us." 

Timothy licked his lips and had a huge smile on his face. 

"No shit! You're the best girlfriend in the world. I've always wanted to have two women together. That's so cool. When is she coming?" 

"She'll be here in an hour. So we can have a little more time together, before she comes." 

"I'm very excited. You're the sweetest girlfriend ever. I see you have presents for me too. What did you get me?" 

"Open them up!" 

Timothy opened the first box and inside was an XM Sirius Radio. Also, I had left the information regarding his subscription to XM Radio. The next box he opened was a black leather bomber jacket. 

"Christina, you spoil me. I can't believe you bought me this stuff. Thank you so much." 

"You're the best boyfriend on the planet. You spoil me all the time. Tonight, I'll spoil you when Maria comes." 

"I can't wait for that. You're such a wonderful girlfriend. Let's have some cake and tea. I don't want to have sex until Maria comes. I want to save it all up for that." 

I cut the cake and gave some to Timothy and gave him his tea. We sat and had some treats before Maria came over. I just love my boyfriend. We'd been going out for the past three years. We were both twenty-five years old. I knew someday, we'd get married. But, for now we were just enjoying living together. I love him with all my heart. 

Timothy is so good looking. He is 6'0" and he shaves his head bald. He has the most beautiful blue eyes you've ever seen. He's very muscular and has muscles everywhere. He also is very blessed with a very large cock. I just love him so much. We have the best sex life, and I did think this threesome was going to be really incredible for the both of us. 

Ding Dong 

"She's here. I'll let her in." 

I opened the door and Maria was standing there in a red dress and red heels. She really was a very stunning woman. She was smiling and had the whitest teeth you'd ever seen. 

"Come in Maria. You look so beautiful. This is my boyfriend, Timothy." 

Maria came into our apartment, and we all sat down in the living room. 

"Would you like a piece of cake or a glass of champagne?" 

"I'd love some champagne. Thank you so much." 

I got a flute glass and poured the champagne into it and handed it to Maria. I could see that Timothy was excited that Maria was so pretty. I could tell that his mind was working overtime thinking of what would be happening shortly. 

"This is the first time we've ever done something like this. We've always talked about having a threesome with a woman, but have never acted on it. I've never been with another woman before." 

"I'm so excited that I'll be your first woman and your first threesome. I'm very excited to get started. I find the two of you just scrumptious." 

"I would love to see you gals play together. Maybe you could help each other get undressed and just get busy. I'm sorry but, I'm so excited to see two women go at it." 

Both Maria and I started laughing. 

"Timothy, you're so funny," I said. 

"I can't believe we're going to be doing this. I've dreamt about this day for a while now." 

"Why don't we all go into our bedroom and get this party started. I know I'm very excited to start." 

We all walked into our bedroom. Maria then stood up and took the lead. She took off her red dress. She wasn't wearing a bra and her breasts were very large and her nipples were hard and erect. She stood there in a red thong. She was very beautiful. 

Maria was 5'7" and she had red curly hair and the most stunning green eyes you've ever seen. She had large breasts and had a very curvy figure. She approached me and we shared a deep and passionate kiss. Our tongues were dancing in each other's mouths. She then played with my nipples. Pulling and pinching them to get them very hard. She pulled down her red panties and took them off. She helped me get comfortable on the bed. 

Maria was laying on top of me, and we were kissing while she had her fingers deep inside my pussy. She fingered me for a while. I could feel myself getting very aroused. Timothy was sitting on our chair playing with his very large cock. He wasn't saying a word, but was enjoying the view. 

Maria then spread my legs and got to work on my bald pussy. Her tongue was licking my clitoris up and down and all around. She was spending extra time there, while she continued to finger me. She then pushed her tongue through my pussy lips and began to tongue fuck me. 

"Oh God, that feels so good. Don't stop. Oh God!" 

I was moaning and now grinding my pussy on Maria's face. Her tongue was so deep inside of me. 

"Oh fuck, I'm coming. Holy Fuck!" 

I had a huge orgasm. I think I was so excited that this beautiful woman was licking my pussy. My juices were squirting out of me. 

"Oh sweetie, you taste so good. Your juices are so sweet." 

Maria drank my juices all up. She then rolled over on her back and I then got between her legs. I had never licked another pussy in my whole life. I got into positon and began to lick at her pussy. I glanced over at Timothy, who was now really stroking at his cock. He was licking his lips and getting very excited as he watched the two of us. 

I licked her pussy up and down and then found her clitoris and rubbed my finger all around it. I pushed my tongue through her bald pussy lips and started to tongue fuck her. I kept on rubbing at her clit as I went deeper and deer inside of her with my tongue. 

"Oh God, you're good at this. Oh fuck!" 

I could tell Maria was enjoying what I was doing. I then replaced my tongue with my fingers and finger fucked her hard and very fast. She was bucking and thrashing around our bed. Timothy now stood up and walked toward the bed and put his cock into Maria's mouth. 

Maria wrapped her glossed lips around Timothy's cock and starting to suck at his cock. Timothy was moving his hips and fucking her face, while I was finger fucking her bald pussy. She was so wet and her juices started to flow. I then took my fingers out of her and started to slurp her juices up. Her pussy tasted so good. 

"Oh Maria, you suck cock so good." 

Timothy was now fucking her mouth. She was making all those wet sucking noises as he pounded her mouth. I was finger fucking her so fast. 

"I'm going to squirt. Oh fuck, here it comes." 

Maria's pussy started to gush as her juices came flying out of her pussy. I've never seen something like that before. I drank her juices down, which tasted really good. 

"Oh God, I'm going to blow my load. Fuck!" 

Timothy came in Maria's mouth and filled her mouth with all his cream. She swallowed it all down for him. He was then playing with his balls as he was coming. 

I then reached down into a bag and pulled out the double dong. Maria got comfortable with the pillow on her back and I sat in front of her. I put one end of the dong into her pussy and then the other end of the dong into my pussy. We both were able to get a lot of it inside of our cunts. We both were getting off together.

We were kissing deep and passionately and our hands were playing with the other's breasts. Timothy sat on the bed behind me and was kissing at my neck. Timothy then moved on the side of both of us and helped put more of the dong into both of our pussies.  

We were both getting fucked nicely by this double dong. I could see that Timothy was getting hard again, watching us fuck ourselves with this dong. 

"Jesus, you look so damn sexy you two. I really want to lick both your pussies. I want you both to get on your hands and knees. With your asses and pussies in the air." 

We both did as he said and got on our hands and knees. Timothy licked and loved my pussy, while he fingered Maria's ass. Maria was moaning and groaning as his fingers were deep inside her anus. He pushed his tongue right up my pussy and tongue fucked me deep. It felt so good. 

"Oh yea, lick my cunt. Fuck yes!" 

Timothy then grabbed one of the other vibrators I bought and shoved it up Maria's cunt, while he licked me. It was a very large vibrating dong. I think it was about nine inches long. Maria really seemed to like it as Timothy fucked her with it. 

Timothy then moved over to Maria's ass and pussy and started to lick her cunt. He then took the huge dong and fucked my cunt with it. It was so big and felt really good as he worked it in and out of my pussy. 

"I've got to fuck one of you girls. I'll fuck Maria and, Christina, you can ride her face." 

Maria rolled onto her back and Timothy put his cock into her pussy. He was fucking her deep and hard. She was moving with him. Her legs were at his side. I got on top and squatted down and rode Maria's face. Her tongue was deep inside my pussy as I moved over her tongue. It felt so good. 

"You have such a tight pussy. Fuck it feels so good." 

Timothy was thrusting faster and faster into her pussy. I was smothering her face with my bald pussy. I could feel myself going to have a huge orgasm. 

"Oh Jesus, I'm coming. Holy hell!" 

My juices poured out of my pussy. Timothy was bucking up into Maria's pussy fucking her so hard and so fast. 

"Fuck, I'm going to come. Holy fuck!" 

Timothy blew his load inside of Maria's pussy. He pulled out and I got between her legs and licked Timothy's come out of her cunt. 

"Oh Christina, that's so hot. Eat my come out of her pussy. Fuck yes!" 

I was enjoying their cream pie that was oozing out of her pussy. After I cleaned her up, we both knelt in front of Timothy and we licked his cock clean. I was on the left and she was on his right side. We licked his cock like a lollipop. Then, we took turns with bringing his cock down our throats. We sucked, slurped, and gagged on his huge prick. 

"Oh God, I'm loving this. Fuck yea," Timothy shouted. 

I then slipped my fingers into his anus and rubbed his prostate. Maria was sucking his cock deeper and deeper, while I was rubbing his prostate. The thing I love most about Timothy is, he has no trouble getting hard. Even after coming, he gets hard really fast. 

I was rubbing and massaging his prostate, while he was becoming hard again. He was smiling and I knew he was going to lose it again. Maria and I changed places, she rubbed his prostate and I opened my mouth really wide and Timothy shot his load down my throat. His hot come filled my mouth. 

I didn't swallow it all, but then went over to Maria and dropped some of the come down her throat during a kiss we shared together. We then all went on the bed. Timothy was in the middle and we both shared kisses with him while he rubbed at our breasts. We had the best time. It was everything we ever wanted. 

We all fell asleep together. The next morning Timothy made us all breakfast and we talked about the evening. Maria kept in touch with us and we got together frequently with her.