 Today started like any other day. I went to work, got started on my assignments and buried myself in my computer. The only difference was, today was my birthday. The big 4-0. I had told everyone that I didn't want anything special, just treat it like any other day. I did find a balloon tied to my chair and a cupcake on my desk, but so far, nothing out of the ordinary.

Then I got The Call.

"Hey, honey. How's your day so far?" my wife asked.

"Nothing spectacular...you know, same shit, different day."

"Oh, ok. Well, are you gonna have to stay late today?" she asked.

"Don't think so. Everything seems to be under control. Why?"

"Well, I figured we could go out tonight to celebrate."

"I said I didn't want anything special this year," I told her, letting a little annoyance creep into my voice. "I just wanted to chill."

"I know, and it won't be anything major. Just thought it would be nice to get out for a while. C'mon honey, you know it'll be fun." That's when she started with that pleading voice she knows I can't refuse.

"Ok, fine. Long as we're not out too late."

"We won't be, I promise. Just make sure you come right home. Our reservations are for eight and you'll need time to change. See ya." Of course, she hung up before I could question her on where we were going that we needed reservations.

The rest of the day passed without incident and I got out on time. On my way home, my mind raced through the possibilities of where we could have been going. There aren't that many restaurants I like that are fancy enough to need reservations, so trying to figure out what this woman had planned was difficult to say the least.

When I got in the house, I called out to her and she responded by saying she was in the bedroom. She tells me to go ahead and take my shower, as she's still getting her outfit together. When I come out, I stop to admire the beauty of my wife. At 5'5", she was an average height for a woman, with all the curves a man could want. I see that she's got her bra on (the black one that pushes her 42DD's together, giving her a deep cleavage line - my favorite), some thigh-high stockings (the kind that stay up on their own), and a pair of shiny black pumps. Strutting over to the closet door (the only way she can walk in those things), she grabs a simple, but elegant black dress and shimmies into it. "Aren't you forgetting something?" I ask, pointing to her still bare crotch area.

"Don't want any lines to mess up the dress. I wanna look good for you tonight." She said smiling.

Walking over to her, and pull her close and with a kiss say "You look good to me every night."

"Hmmm...don't you know flattery will get you everywhere, mister?" While she said this, her right hand found its way to my crotch and wrapped itself around my stiffening dick.

"Keep that up and we won't make it out the door."

"Then I better let go...the night is just starting." With one more stroke, she released my manhood from her warm embrace and finished putting on her dress. "I put out your black suit with gray shirt and tie combination that I like. Go on and get dressed so we can get going. I got some things planned for you when we get home." With a mischievous look, she pulls out of my embrace to go finish doing her hair.

I get dressed and head downstairs, where she's already waiting for me. We head over to The Blue Fountain, a medium-high place I'd heard had great steaks. They have a nice booth waiting for us, near the bar, but still away from most of the crowd.

After the waiter takes our drink order and leaves, she turns to me and says, "Want to know the real reason I didn't wear any panties?" When I nod yes, she reaches down, pulls her dress nearly up to her waist, takes my hand and puts it between her legs. 

Shocked at first, I look around to see if anyone could see us. Satisfied that it was dark enough in the restaurant and that the tablecloth provided enough cover, I use my thumb and middle finger to part the flesh encasing her clit. Using my tip of my index, I start to stroke it lightly in a circular motion. This brought a low moan from her as though she was already well on the way to orgasm. My theory was confirmed as, with her eyes closed, she gripped my forearm and whispered "Don't stop...I'm almost there..."

Moving my finger faster, I pushed her further along the road to release. Sliding my finger down slightly, I felt the wetness seeping from her cunt. Dipping some of the moisture up, I renewed my work on her throbbing clit, already swollen to its usual 2-inch length. Her body trembling, her eyes closed, I knew it was just a matter of seconds before she came.

Burying her head in my shoulder, she let out a low muffled scream as the orgasm over took her. It was at that perfect moment that the waiter returned with our drinks. "Is everything ok, Sir?" he asked.

"Yes, we're fine. She was trying to tell me about a really sad commercial she'd seen and it got the best of her."

Nodding with a strange, but knowing look on his face, the waiter walked off, saying he'd give us a few minutes. Turning to my wife, I said, "Babe, are you ok?"

"Yeah, yeah...I'm good. Just didn't expect it to be that intense. Thanks for the appetizer."

"My pleasure, Babe. Anytime. Now I think we'd better figure out what we want to eat before that waiter gets back. I think he suspects something." I said laughing.

"Well, I'm sure we're not the first couple to sit here and do something freaky. He's probably seen it all. Maybe I'll give him a show later." 

"Riigght" I said, handing her a menu. The waiter returned a few minutes later to take our orders and refill our glasses. 

We sat and chatted a while about trivial things till our food came. As we got about halfway through the meal, we heard a voice through the crowd saying "Neecee & Ron! What are you guys doing here?"

We look up and see Neecee's friend Katrina walking to us from the bar. Having only seen her in nurse scrubs, I was pleasantly surprised at how good she looked outside work. Petite in height, she was probably just about five feet tall, giving her an almost "little girl" quality. Those thoughts changed though, once you've moved down her body. Busty, I'd guess she was in the D- to DD-cup range, with wide, but shapely hips. She was wearing a spaghetti strap dress made of a dark, loose, clingy material that hugged every curve of her body. 

Feeling an elbow in my ribs, I heard my wife say, "Stop drooling," Closing my mouth, I waited for her to arrive at our table. "Hey girl," She said, her thick southern accent pouring out of her mouth. "When you said y'all were going out, I didn't realize it was here. How you doing, Ron?"

"I'm fine." I mumbled, as she and my wife began talking. I'd pretty much zoned them out until I heard my wife say, "Sure, you can join us. Ron doesn't mind, do you baby?" Nodding my head no, I slid around in the seat to give her room to sit.

"No, move the other way...I want to sit next to the birthday boy too." Katrina laughed, her meaty hips poised over the edge of the seat. 

Sliding back the other way, she eased into the seat next to me and asked, "How have you been, Ron? It's been a minute since the last time I seen you."

"I'm good. Nothing's really changed one way or the other." Not being much of a conversationalist, I turned my attention back to the remaining food on my plate. 

"That's good to hear. Listen, I really hate to impose, but do you think you guys could give me a ride home? I came with one of my friends, but she met someone and rolled out."

"Sure, no problem, right honey?" Neecee asked me, knowing I wouldn't say no.

"No, that's not a problem at all. We shouldn't be much longer." Realizing I'd have to be sociable, I turned to Katrina and asked, "So, how have you been? Neecee tells me you've got a new girlfriend."

"I've been fine, but the girlfriend part is past tense. Too much drama." Shaking her head, she took another sip of her drink. "Think I'm gonna just stick to meaningless sex for a while. Less messy. Hell, maybe I'll even try sleeping with men. See how that works out."

Not really knowing what to say to that, I laughed and said, "Ok."

"On that note, I think it's time we get out of here, before you start picking up strangers. You ready to go, Daddy?" Neecee said, starting to slide out of the chair.

"Oh, yeah. Definitely."

"Yeah, me too. Had enough of this place." Katrina said, standing up and straightening out her dress. 

"Ok, babe. Meet us out front. We're going to the ladies room."

Five minutes later, the three of us were walking to the car, me with a lady on each arm. I did have to admit, this turned out to be a good night. When we got in the car, I asked Katrina how to get to her house. "What, you guys are calling it a night? I figured we could have a night cap at your place." She said, the alcohol she'd already consumed slurring her speech.

"That sounds like fun. I'll just drop you off home on my way to the gym. Ron's the only one that has to work tomorrow, and he's a night owl anyway." Neecee said, smiling at me.

Nodding, I peeked in the rear-view mirror, figuring that our guest would pass out before the first round of drinks was served.

That's when the unexpected happened.

"Damn, I've been horny as hell all fucking day. My panties are soaked, and they're the third pair I've had on. Can't wear a pad, cause that rubs my clit and makes it worse..." Katrina said, squirming in the backseat. 

Turning to Neecee, I expected her to give her a hard time about making such a statement, but what I heard was "So, take them off then. No need being uncomfortable."

With my mouth wide open, but unable to take my eyes off the mirror, I watched as Katrina scooted down in the seat, lifted her hips to pull her dress up around her waist, then slid her panties down over her legs. Smiling, she looked up at me and said, "I hope you don't mind, but the squishing was getting annoying." Nodding my head, I mumbled "No, that's fine."

"Hmmm...hand them here. I want to see if they're as wet as you claim they are." Neecee said, reaching out her hand. 

"Ok, but don't say I didn't warn you. I came in those twice already, so they're probably the wettest of all. In the meantime, I'm gonna let my coochie air out a little bit." With that, Katrina planted a high-heeled foot on the back of each of the headrests, with her knees spread wide apart. 

"Damn girl, you weren't kidding. These things are positively dripping. And they smell like pure sex! Here, honey...take a sniff." Neecee turned to me and waved the panties under my nose. She was right about the smell...sweet and musky at the same time, the scent brought my dick to full attention. Not knowing where this was going to lead, I told her, "You better put those away before we have a situation here."

Reaching over and grabbing my crotch, she laughed and said "Damn Katrina, you got my man's dick hard! Now what am I supposed to do?"

"Take it out and suck it. I wanna see you give him some head."

"You so nasty! But I guess I don't have a choice. Can't have my man stiff and not give him any satisfaction." Unzipping my pants, my cock sprung out of the opening with little effort.

"Wow! You'd told me he was packing, but I didn't realize he had it like that!" Katrina said, leaning forward to watch Neecee stroke my manhood with her hand. "You better get over there and start working. That thing looks like it's ready to pop any minute."

Leaning over, Neecee slowly lowered her mouth on to the head of my dick. Her lips always felt like velvet and tonight was no exception. She rode the length of my shaft down to the base, bringing a low moan from my throat as I struggled to keep my eyes on the road. Hoping to find a distraction I glanced in the rear-view mirror, only to see where Katrina had shifted in her seat so that she could masturbate while watching the show through the split in the seat. She was using her right hand to rub her clit, while she used her left to pinch her exposed nipple (apparently, at some point, she'd slipped her arms out of the straps of her dress, and pulled her tit out of her strap-less bra). 

Obviously, this didn't help. Fortunately, we arrived at our house a few short minutes later. "Damn, that was hot! I almost came!" Katrina said, as she straightened up in the seat.

"I think we all got pretty close." Neecee said, raising up and wiping her mouth. I stayed quiet, focusing on pulling into the garage without running into anything. Once we'd come to a stop and I'd cut the car off, I started wrestling with my still rock-hard cock, trying to get it back in my pants. 

"No point in being modest now...we've all seen what the other's got." As she said this, Katrina got out of the car and let her dress fall to the floor, leaving her naked as the day she was born, except a for her bra, a necklace, a bracelet and her shoes. Reaching behind her, she undid the hooks of her tit-sling and let her restrained bosom free from its constraints. "Except for Neecee...she's still fully dressed. What's up with that?"

"Hey, nobody can say I'm not a team player." Stepping out of the vehicle, she pulled her dress over her head and tossed it on the seat. She then unclasped her bra and freed her double-D's, throwing it into the car as well. She was now as naked as Katrina, only with her hose added to the mix.

Smiling, they both took in the other's bodies, lust clearly in their faces. While I knew Katrina had played both sides of the fence in the past, I was a little surprised by Neecee's actions tonight. I was seeing my wife in a new light and didn't know what to think about it. Unfortunately, any thoughts I had would have to wait, as things were flowing pretty quickly this evening.

After the ladies were done giving each other the once over, they turned their attention to me. "Oh, he's got entirely too many clothes on to be hanging with us, don't you think?" Neecee said with a devilish look on her face. 

"Oh yes, I would have to agree. I'll take the top, and you take the bottom." Coming around the back of my car, Katrina hopped on to the hood of Neecee's car and pulled me towards her, so she could proceed to slip my suit jacket off and begin to unbutton my shirt. Meanwhile, in a display of true skill, Neecee knelt in front of me, unbuckled my belt and undid my pants while, at the same time, taking my swollen member back into her mouth and giving it a long, slow sucking. The feeling of her tongue on the underside of my shaft was more than I could take, and I would have busted my nut right there, if Katrina hadn't started to lick my ear and rubbing her hands on my now bare torso. The splitting of my attention was enough to keep me from losing control.

With one hand, I reached behind me and grabbed the side of Katrina's generous ass, causing her to press even harder into my back, enabling me to feel just how hard her nipples were. With my other hand, I grabbed the back of Neecee's head, holding it in place as I pumped my dick in and out of her mouth. Feeling more in control of the situation now, I allowed myself to enjoy the sensations the two women were giving me. We continued like this for several minutes, till I pulled my cock out of my wife's mouth with a loud pop and said, "I think we better take this inside."

Motioning the ladies on ahead, I following them through the garage door that led into our kitchen, enjoying the view of their jiggling asses as they both strutted to the living room beyond. "Where's that drink?" Katrina said, plopping herself down on one end of the couch. "Sista getting a little thirsty."

"I got you. You sit down too, babe. Katrina'll keep you company till I get over there." Neecee said, heading over to the bar. 

Sitting down on the couch, I glanced at the woman sitting beside me, not quite sure what to do, as this was a new experience for me. Sensing my confusion, she leaned in and started kissing me on my neck working her way up to my mouth, showing me a passion I wasn't expecting, considering her general choice in the gender of her sex partners. Putting my arm around her, I pulled her closer to me. She was running her hand along my neck and chest, so I gently grabbed it and started moving it toward my crotch. Resisting slightly, she pulled her mouth off mine and whispered "Sorry, Big Boy...not quite ready for that. Neecee will have to take care of you in that regard. But I'm sure I can make it up to you." With that, she spread her legs slightly, and dipped her finger into her still moist cunt. Holding the glistening digit in front of my face, she wiped it across my lips, giving me my first taste of her. Grabbing her hand, I held it in place while I licked her finger clean of her juices. "Hmmm...you like that, huh? Tastes even better straight from the source. I'll expect you do to as good a job on my clit as you just did on my finger."

"Oh, I will...have no doubt."

"I see you guys are getting along great. Take a break and enjoy your drinks." Neecee said, handing me a screwdriver and Katrina a Rum & Coke, before sitting down next to me with her glass of Hypnotiq. We sat there for a few minutes, silently nursing our drinks, everyone apparently lost in thought. In my case, I reflected on the fact that this was definitely not the evening I'd expected.

Shortly, Neecee put her glass on the coffee table and said, "Well, Katrina...it looks like my husband's dick has lost some of its stiffness. I think that unacceptable, don't you?"

"I sure do. How is he gonna fuck you if it's not hard? I suggest do you do something to correct this situation."

"I intend to, but I think I'm going to need some help. How about you let him suck on one of your titties while I give him some more head? I think that will get him back to where we need him." While this whole exchange was going on, I'm sitting there looking from one to the other, listening to them talk like I wasn't sitting between them. But, for obvious reasons, I didn't interrupt. I simply waited for them to finish and for the fun to start. I didn't have to wait long. 

Neecee knelt between my legs, taking my semi-hard cock into her hands. Pulling the head into her mouth, she began to stroke the shaft slowly with her hand, letting some spit drip out of her mouth to provide some lubricant. While this was going on, Katrina rose up on her knees, so that I could access her tits. Plopping a juicy nipple in my mouth, she moaned as I began to suckle. Taking her heavy breast in my hand, I worked the nub like I was a newborn baby looking for nourishment. "Bite it," She breathed, her body gyrating against mine. "Bite my nipple, please...I like that shit..." Taking her nipple in my teeth, I applied a small amount of pressure to it, not knowing where her limit was. "Harder...don't worry, I like it rough." 

With that encouragement, I tightened my grip on her tit, squeezing it like a fresh lemon. Biting down even harder, I began to pull on it, stretching it farther and farther from her body. Working my hand between her thighs, the increased wetness of her cooch let me know that I was doing my job right.

In the meantime, Neecee was working her magic on my dick, giving me the wettest, sloppiest, loudest blowjob she had in a long while. Neecee had always loved sucking cock and could, at times, achieve orgasm from it. Tonight looked like it was going to be one of those times. As she got more and more into it, her moans grew in intensity and volume, filling the room and overpowering even the noises coming from Katrina and me.

After a while, Katrina pulled her tortured nipple from my mouth and stood up on the couch. Swinging her leg over Neecee's bobbing head, she squatted slightly over my face, giving me full access to her soaking wet pussy. Grabbing her well-rounded buttocks, I pulled her crotch to my mouth so that I could fully taste her juices. Pulling her swollen clit in to my mouth, I began to suck on it exactly like I did her nipple. This brought forth the very reaction I hoped for: screams of ecstasy! Her moans and gyrations increased ten-fold as she rode my face like a cowgirl riding a bucking horse...it was all I could do to keep her clit in my mouth. Her juices flowed like a river and soon my chin, throat and the top part of my chest were soaked.
