 My wife, Mary, turned 50 a couple of weeks ago. For her age, she's still in remarkably good nick. OK, so her bum is a bit broader that it was when she 30, and her boobs droop a bit more, but on the whole, she's still a very good looking woman.

To celebrate her birthday, we decided to go away to a country house hotel for the weekend. We checked in at about 2pm on the Saturday, unpacked, and then went for a bit of an 'explore' along the edge of the lake that is just down the hill from the hotel. We must have been out for about two hours altogether and when we got back -- at about 4pm -- my wife said that she felt like a bit of a nap. Sometimes when she says she feels like a bit of a nap she really means that she feels like a bit of sex. But this time she really did mean that she felt like a nap, and she was asleep in about three minutes flat.

While Mary had her restorative sleep, I wandered down to the bar is search of a cold drink. I had just settled down with a long glass of orange juice and club soda when a whole group of people came into the bar area wearing name tags and carrying folders of one sort or another. I didn't take too much notice of them. I was more interested in studying the little stack of brochures I had gathered to see what Mary and I might do on the Sunday.

I had pretty much decided on the boat trip out on the lake, when a voice nearby said: 'Hello, Mike. Fancy seeing you here.' It was a woman's voice, quite deep and slightly husky, and even before I looked up I knew who it was going to be. And it was.

Lyn was an old girlfriend who I thought was now living in Scotland. It turned out that she was, but she was also travelling a good deal, running team-working courses of some kind -- which was what she was doing at the hotel that weekend. I offered her a drink, but she said that she still had quite a few things to do. 'I'd love to catch up later though,' she said.

When I got back to the room, Mary was just waking up. 'What have you been up to?' she asked. I told her that I had been investigating what there was to do in the area. I also told her about running into Lyn. Now Mary and Lyn had never actually met -- although, obviously, each knew who the other was. I said that Lyn had suggested getting together later and watched Mary's face for some sort of reaction. But all she said was: 'Oh, OK.' Whether this was 'Oh, OK' good or 'Oh, OK' bad I couldn't tell.

Shortly before seven, we went downstairs to the dining room where I had reserved a table overlooking the garden -- which at night was all lit up. I had also told the maître d' that it was Mary's birthday, and I had arranged to have a couple of glasses of Veuve Cliquot champagne ready for when we arrived. We were just sipping the champagne and working out what we were going to eat when I noticed Lyn come into the dining room and sit all by herself at a table at the other end of the room. She was sitting with her back to us and I'm pretty sure that she didn't even notice us.

The meal was very good. We also had another glass of wine. And we were just finishing the last of our wine when I noticed Lyn getting up from her table and walking towards the lounge area. This time she did see us. She even gave me a little wave.

'That's Lyn,' I said to Mary. 'The woman in the black dress who is just leaving.'

Mary looked at the disappearing Lyn and said: 'Oh. We should have invited her to have a drink with us.'

'Well, we still could,' I said, not sure at that point whether Mary really meant it.

'Or we could all go and have a drink in the lounge,' Mary suggested.

And that's what we did. I introduced the two girls and went off to organise some drinks and, when I got back, they were chatting away like old friends.

After a second after-dinner drink, Lyn went off to 'powder her nose'. 'So, what do you think of Lyn?' I asked Mary.

'I'm surprised you ever let her get away,' Mary said. 'She's really nice. And very sexy.'

I said something like: 'Yeah, but so are you. And you're looking particularly hot tonight, Birthday Girl.'

Mary just smiled. And then she said: 'Do you think Lyn might like to join us for a drink in our suite?'

(Our room wasn't actually a suite, but it was quite spacious. There was certainly enough space to entertain.)

'Let's ask,' I said. 'And we did. And without a moment's hesitation, Lyn said yes.

Back in the room, I found a music station that was playing suitably smooth jazz, and then I got out the bottle of brandy that we had brought with us (for medicinal purposes) and poured three generous-sized drinks. 'Cheers,' I said.

'And happy birthday,' Lyn said, and leaned over and kissed Mary full on the lips.

Somewhat to my surprise, Mary just smiled and said: 'Thank you. I think I like having birthdays.' And then Lyn kissed her again, this time it was a long lingering kiss. And, again, Mary just smiled.

Then, after we had all had a sip of our drinks, Lyn said: 'Why don't I help you take off that dress. It's such a pretty dress, and it would be a pity to get it crushed.'

At this point, Mary looked across at me with an expression that said: What do you reckon? And I looked back at her with an expression that (I hope) said: It's up to you, girl. And then, after the briefest hesitation, Mary stood up and allowed Lyn to unzip her dress and help her out of it.

The birthday girl was now standing there in her sexy new red lacy bra and matching knickers (a birthday present from yours truly). Lyn then said that she thought she should probably take off her own dress. And she did.

The two girls were now both down to their underwear and I could feel a serious stirring in my pants. Lyn gently steered Mary over to the king-sized bed and laid her on her back. She then started covering Mary with little kisses, starting at her feet and working , slowly, upward towards her inner thighs and her satin-covered pussy. While Lyn was doing this, Mary started playing with her breasts, rubbing them with the palms of her hands, and then circling her nipples with her fingertips. By the time Mary had lifted one breast out of her bra completely, I had my pants down and my cock in hand.

When Lyn reached Mary's satin-covered pussy, she used the tip of her nose -- the tip of her rather elegant nose -- to caress Mary's by-then pronounced camel toe. And then she teasingly pulled down Mary's knickers to expose Mary's swollen pussy lips and went to work with her tongue. A few minutes of this, and Lyn removed her own knickers and moved around to straddle Mary's face so that Mary could tongue Lyn's pussy while she went back to work on Mary's.

By then, my own powers of self-control were being severely tested. I kept feeling that I was in danger of going over the edge. But, greedy bastard that I am, I wanted the feeling to go on and on.

Eventually, Lyn came up for air, glanced my way, and said to Mary: 'If you would like a hard cock in that beautiful pussy, I think I know where we can find one.' Mary just grinned.

I didn't need a second invitation. In no time at all, my pants were completely off and I was lining up to enter my wife's slick wet fuck hole. 

To be honest, I didn't last very long. I started with long, slow thrusts -- and the intention of lasting all night. But within a minute or so, I was pounding away like my life depended on it. And in another dozen or so strokes I was filling Mary with hot juice.

For few moments, Mary and I just lay there with me still inside her. And then I felt Lyn sliding a saliva-coated finger down between my buttocks towards my arsehole. I knew what was coming and my cock twitched at the thought of it. As Lyn finger-fucked my arse, my cock started to harden again.

'Can I have a turn now,' Lyn asked Mary.

'I think you should,' Mary said.

I have to say that when Lyn asked if she could 'have a turn', and Mary said that she thought she should, I was more than a little surprised. It had been about 12 years since Lyn and I had last fucked. And I think Mary thought that I remembered her a little too fondly. 

Sometimes when we are having sex -- especially if it is really hot -- Mary says: 'You thought you were fucking Lyn, didn't you, you bastard.' Mind you, I sometimes get right back at her. Just before we got married, Mary had a fling with an 18-year-old student. 'And I assume you must have been thinking of Justin,' I say. 

But I didn't have my hopes too high. I figured that she was just teasing -- possibly teasing both of us. And even that in itself was pretty exciting. 

When I pulled out of Mary, my half-hard cock was covered in pussy juice and cum. 

'I think we should clean you up a bit first,' Mary said. And she almost leapt off the bed and headed for the bathroom. Moments later she was back again with a warm, damp face cloth, and was ministering to my member. 

By then, I had rolled over onto my back. And Lyn had pulled off my shirt and was sort of kneeling on the bed covering my chest with little kisses. While she was doing this, I reached between her legs and found her pussy. And it felt so good. It immediately reminded me of the old days. 

Mary shaves the action area of her pussy and keeps the hair above trimmed in a sort of crew cut. But Lyn still had the full bush that I remembered from when we were together. Lyn always did have the softest pussy hair you can imagine, certainly the softest pussy hair that I have ever known. I used to call it her baby hair. And it was good to see -- feel -- that it was still as soft as ever. 

Given that I didn't really expect Mary to let me actually fuck Lyn, I lost no time at all in getting my fingers into her slippery slot. And, happily, she adjusted her position to make it easier for me to do so. 

And then, after another two or three minutes of this, with Mary sucking my cock back to full attention, Lyn suddenly took charge. 

'Out of the way,' she said to me. 'Let's do this before one of us gets sensible and has second thoughts.' 

She pushed Mary back onto her back, her legs spread, and settled down between them so that she could tongue Mary's pussy. At the same time, she stuck her well-padded but firmly-toned arse out behind her and gave me a wink. 'I'm sure you can remember what to do,' she said. 

And I could. Doggy-style had always been our favourite position, and we just took up where had left off 12 years earlier. 

While I plunged into her with long leisurely strokes, I also managed to massage her rosebud and then plugged her with my thumb. She had always been a fan of this, and pretty soon I could feel that she was on the verge of coming. I kept it up for another minute or so, and then pulled my cock out of her pussy and eased it into her arsehole. Another three or four strokes and she was there. 

That night, I slept between two hot and dirty ladies -- the first time that had happened since I was about 19. 

In the morning, Lyn had to leave early for a morning session with her seminar / workshop / whatever. And, after that, she was heading back up to Scotland. 

We said our goodbyes, and then Mary and I went back to bed for an hour or so where we discussed the events of the previous evening while she gave a nice long-and-leisurely 'good morning' hand job. 

Just the other day, we got an email from Lyn. It said that she was going to be down our way later in the year and that she hoped that we could all get together for a drink or something. I must say that 'or something' sounds pretty good to me.