 This is something you've always wanted to try but until me you've never had a willing partner. You've never had someone this trusting and unselfish to treat you to this. As I've told you over and over you can always change your mind. Even when all three of us ate dinner together we all agreed that this was for you and you alone and this is something meant for your enjoyment. . ..not something to be forced upon you.

Even though desire and curiosity are driving you crazy you still feel a hint of nervousness. Although I am your confidant, your lover, your friend and can tame your inner beast, there is something about this mountain of masculinity I am having a drink with in the next room. You desire me so much and my abilities to please you. . .but him. . ..he's tall. . ..the bluest eye you've ever seen. . .broad shoulders. . .six pack abs. . ..an ass you want to bounce a quarter off of.

As you come into the room, I see him look up at you. "You fellas care for another drink?" We gratefully accept. You ease your way into the kitchen. . .slowly. . .so he can get a nice long look. He sees you alright and his gaze follows you. It's not jealousy I feel but happiness and pride. This guy thinks, "My woman is hot!" What man wouldn't think you're hot? Your way that skirt barely covers your ass, those smooth creamy looking legs, your supple breasts barely covered now, the desire in your eyes and the flirting looks you give us both. . .oh ya. . .good times ahead!

You bring us the drinks and sit down between us. By now you are more at ease and we casually banter and chat. He rubs his neck and I ask him if he's ok. He's just a little sore from work. I steal a glance at you and tell him about your marvelous hands and the wonders they do. You ask, "May I?" By his grin you can tell he wants much more than a back rub so you commence. Occasionally you look over at me as if to ask for approval and by my wide grin you can tell you already have it. His taunt muscles melt under your wondering hands, his cologne and scent are a powerful aphrodisiac, the more you touch him the more you can tell that he is now more and more under your command. Obviously he knows you desire him too by the way you squirm, giggle, and sigh. 

This is too much for me so I suggest we both return the favor to you. You give that look. . ..that look of hunger I know so well. I know you're ready but I'm going to make sure this goes slow and intense for you. I suggest you lay across the couch with your head near his lap. . ...on purpose. My fingertips glide slowly across the backs of your legs, massage your feet, go partway up your skirt to your inner thighs. . .yet not all the way. His hands run through your hair, gently across your shoulders and back. Our hands spoil you and pleasure you. Your fingers dig into the couch, your arousal makes you shift about and squirm. By now all of us are breathing heavier and heavier. All the while you massage his leg. . ..going ever higher till you feel that bulge. . .that hard delicious bulge through those tight jeans he's wearing.

My fingertips glide slowly across the backs of your legs, massage your feet, go partway up your skirt to your inner thighs. . .yet not all the way. His hands run through your hair, gently across your shoulders and back. Our hands spoil you and pleasure you. Your fingers dig into the couch, your arousal makes you shift about and squirm. By now all of us are breathing heavier and heavier. All the while you massage his leg. . ..gripping his tight thighs. You stare transfixed at the ever growing bulge between his thighs. Your hands inching ever higher till you feel just the tip of his cock. You want to tease as well. But our hands on you and that bulge. . .that hard delicious looking bulge through those tight jeans he's wearing. . ..in spite of yourself you reach up further and squeeze it. His hips buck up towards your head. 

Is it hot in here or what?? I can see that you're playing nice so I slide my hand further up your skirt. I can feel your wetness as I rub your love flower thru your soaking thong. The stroking of your hair becomes gentle tugs, his hands claw at your ass. You finally decide that the moment has come. You climb into his lap and remove his shirt to reveal bulging biceps, shoulders, and chest. As you lock lips he looks over at me and I motion to him. He grabs you by the ass and lifts you off your feet in one motion and off to the bedroom we go. The scented candles are lit, I turn on some music as I turn I see you go to your knees clawing and clutching all the way, the unmistakable sound of a zipper separating as you free your sought after prize. He's in for a treat! I undress and relax in the lounge chair to enjoy the show. From his facial expressions, his moans and thrusting I can tell you're working your magic on him as you've done to me so many times. 

My cock yearns for that as well. I stroke my cock for some sort of relief but painfully force myself to wait until you beckon me to join. You bob up and down on his stiff shaft; your hands grip his taunt, muscular ass. Just as he's about to release you slow down and gaze up to see his facial expression. You look for me and see me smiling and stroking. You gaze at me adoringly, what a beautiful smile you have! I see you get up and you motion me to get up. You guide him by his hard cock to the foot of the bed. You have us to stand at the bed stroking in unison as you peel off your clothes. . .very very slowly. You've got us both under your spell as you spread back on the large pillows, inviting and vulnerable. You begin your tease show for us, running your hands all over yourself, pinching your nipples, massaging your swollen clit every now and then dipping your fingers inside to show us how wet we've made you.

You look over at me with that devilish grin and make that "get over here" motion with your finger. . ..my turn! I climb onto the bed near your head and gratefully offer my cock to those luxurious lips of yours. Your hands cup my balls as you pleasure me with your tongue and that loving mouth of yours while he continues to stroke at the foot of the bed. Every now and then you gaze upon him as you suck and slurp. As much as your yearn for your own release you've always wanted to please two men at once this way so now you motion to him to kneel on the bed at your head on the other side. You alternate between us, stroking a cock with one hand while sucking the other. Both these cocks are hard just for you; they twitch and bob impatiently when not in your mouth, vying for your attention. This is too much for me and I cum heavily and moan. At the same time our new friend can't take anymore and he follows suit. You now have two cocks spurting their seed in your mouth, in your hair, all over you but you suck away like a champ, down to the last drop.

You turn away from me then you recommence pleasuring him but in no rush. I know what you need right now so I Instinctively kiss my way down to your delicious love nest and begin my assault. This excites you immensely, your mouth full of a well built man's cock while my tongue flicks away on your aching clit. I feel you grind on my face so I know what's fixing to happen. You feel his cock growing inside your mouth, my oral assault on you, it's too much. . .oh yes. . ..YES!!

You lie back breathless and beaming. I've recovered too but no sense rushing things. "Do you need a drink?" I think you'll need water this time! I motion to our friend that he should show you some one on one fun awhile and I will take my time. He eagerly accepts the suggestion. He enters you slowly at first, in and out as you feel yourself approaching another orgasm he backs off. You clutch at his chest, his ass, his face. This is your fantasy and may never get another chance so now you intend to take it all in with gusto.

I come into the room. You didn't make her cum yet did you? No bro, your turn! Yes it is my turn but someone needs to keep your mouth busy. You get on all fours and take his cock into your mouth while I pound away from behind. Every now and again we switch up. . ..getting you close but not quite there.

You climb on top of him. You begin riding his stiff cock in a way that presents your ass to me. Yes, it's time. I get out the lube and slowly work your ass while you ease up and down on his manhood. First one finger, then more until you beg for my cock. I get into position and ease into you and go slow until you plead for more. This is so erotic for you, sandwiched between two hunks who only want for your pleasure. You climax over and over in a torrent of screams and ecstasy. At least we can't control ourselves as we moan and fill you with our hot sticky spunk. We collapse from sheer exhaustion.

After awhile, our friend takes his leave warmly and heads out with a grin. As he walks out the door he says "Happy Birthday Ma'am".

Happy Birthday indeed.