 I have long been an avid outdoorsman. I love just about anything and everything having to do with camping in the wilderness. As such, I was careful to ensure before I married that my wife would share the same enthusiasm for it that I did.

When Jolene and I married, she was everything and more that I could have ever wanted or expected in a partner. And though we spent our wedding night in a comfortable hotel room, I was even more anxious and excited when we had at her suggestion, spent the remainder of our honeymoon, traveling and camping in the great outdoors.

In time, we befriended another couple whose interests were very similar to ours. We became very close, fast friends, often spending weekends camping together. Shelly and Ned had been camping for years, had a favorite, very secluded spot that they often went to a few times each year. Invited to go along, Jolene and I anxiously awaited the following three-day weekend where we would travel there together with them for the very first time.

As easy as we all felt around one another, it wasn't something we came right out and discussed exactly, but being in close proximity to one another in what I could only describe as a fairly intimate setting, presented some interesting challenges. For one, I became rather amorous whenever I was outdoors, as did Jolene. Which meant, that regardless of whatever sleeping arrangements we made, the aspect of our rather noisy lovemaking would become quickly obvious. We had jokingly discussed some of those aspects with our friends, delighted to find, as well as hear, that they too enjoyed a rather active sex-life, made more so by the freedom and thrill of simply being outside.

We'd arrived at the remote spot they had discovered several years ago, quickly pitching our near identical tents side by side. As it was already nearing sunset, the first order of business once the tents and bedding had been taken care of, was to dig a pit in preparation for an evening fire. Jolene and Shelly had begun preparing a simple meal for our first night's dinner while Ned and I busily hauled wood for later use. Although we certainly "roughed" it as we called it. We weren't without certain amenities. One of which was a solar shower that Ned and I set up for use the following morning. There was a nearby stream that was perfect for it. And one in which Ned had plenty of experience setting up as he had done so before. We'd just finished setting it up when Ned turned towards me with a very conspiratorial look on his face.

"Come with me. There's something I want to show you," he told me. "I think you're going to like this."

Crossing the shallow stream, I followed him up the side of the fairly steep hill on the other side. The pine tree's were thick, but there was a deer trail that we could easily follow as it wound up through the trees towards the top of the ridge overlooking our campsite. I continued to follow him, curious as to where we were going, and why. A few moments later we reached a small rocky out-cove where he sat down. Sitting down next to him I saw why he had brought me here. Almost directly below us, where it would be virtually impossible for anyone below us to see, even looking up, sat the shower enclosure that Ned had set up.

"Even Shelly doesn't know about this spot," he informed me. "And as funny as this sounds, I've come up here and watched her showering without her even knowing that I have. It's erotic as hell to see her standing there bathing with no idea that I...or anyone else for that matter can see her."

I didn't really quite know how to respond to that. As comfortable as we are were around one another, the thought of literally 'spying' on my best friends wife had remained so far one of those secret little fantasies guys sometimes entertained about one another's wives. If he was actually intimating to me that the two of us would have some opportunity to look down upon our wives while they showered, well...I was up for that.

"Shelly usually likes to come down for her shower around noon. By then the sun has usually warmed the water sufficiently enough to have a nice long shower. With luck, maybe Jolene will come down and join her," he said conspiratorially.

The enclosure was certainly big enough for two people. And even if the girls didn't shower together, the prospect of watching them both, even one after the other was extremely exciting. The aspect of my best friend getting to see my wife's naked body was also very arousing to me, as was my getting to see Shelly in the nude too. Ned had already explained that we'd make some excuse to go exploring after first ensuring that it was their intention of showering shortly before we headed off.

As we had both hoped, planned, and discussed, the following afternoon Shelly had in fact mentioned that she was preparing to head down and take her shower. I was delighted when Jolene indicated that she'd enjoy doing that too. And as we'd already prearranged of course, Ned and I soon headed out on our "hike" as we'd called it, leaving the girls to their preparations. Being a relatively short hike to our secret little overlook, we arrived well ahead of the women, patiently sitting there waiting for them. 

"Look! There they are!" Ned said excitedly. And as though reading my mind, he added. "Don't worry. They can't hear us unless we actually made an effort to shout down at them. But...I have heard Shelly singing before. Sound travels up far more easily, so if we sit quietly, we might actually be able to hear them as well as see them too."

Somewhat disappointedly, it became obvious that the girls were planning on showering separately as opposed to doing so together. So though our mutually discussed fantasy of seeing the girls together, wasn't going to happen, we would be treated to a much longer version at least of seeing them as they took turns. Shelly had worn a simple bathrobe, laying a neatly folded stack of clothing down on a nearby rock for dressing later. As she briefly surveyed her surroundings, she removed the robe hanging it up on a nearby tree limb. Now naked, she parted the semi-transparent plastic covering that Ned had hung stepping into the enclosure. What neither of them knew however, was that from our vantage point, Ned and I could see clearly down inside the enclosure itself. The shower wasn't designed to run continuously. They'd use up all the sun-warmed water in a hurry if either of them did that. Instead, Shelly allowed enough of it to wet her completely before turning it off, and then proceeded to soap herself up afterwards. Shelly had much larger breasts than my wife did, though I'd always considered Jolene's tits to be pretty good sized. As easy as it was to see them, I was even more delighted when Ned produced a pair of binoculars he'd stuck inside his backpack, handing them to me.

"Here...this will help," he said grinning wickedly.

I quickly brought her into focus. It was almost like being there. Shelly had much darker, almost chocolate colored nipples that near covered the entire front portion of her breast. As she thoroughly soaped them, washing them over and over until she had worked up a nice thick rich lather, I then took notice of the dark patch of hair between her legs. Finding myself becoming aroused, I handed the glasses back to Ned.

Though he took them from me, gazing down at his wife for several long moments, he soon handed them back to me. "Go ahead...enjoy. I'm already pretty familiar with the way my wife looks," he said grinning. The obvious implication was, he'd take a much longer turn using the binoculars when it was my wife's turn to shower. Something that was very understandable.

"This is great!" I said once again bringing Shelly into view. She had turned on the shower long enough to rinse. But then I watched as she thoroughly soaked her hair.

"Jolene? Did you bring down the shampoo?" she asked. 

I was surprised how easy it was to have heard them. Though when Jolene responded, I didn't quite hear her as clearly, realizing that she needed to be closer to the water perhaps. We both watched as my wife approached holding the bottle of shampoo.

"Want me to help wash your hair?" she asked Shelly.

"Oh...that would be great!" she answered. And suddenly, Ned and I realized we were going to see the two of them naked together after all. My wife quickly hung up the robe she was wearing next to Shelly's, stepping into the enclosure. I watched for a second more before handing off the binoculars back to Ned. This time he spent his fair-shared amount of time watching them, and I found a curious excitement in the knowledge that he was getting off on looking at my wife.

As we both hoped, Jolene stepped behind Shelly to help her. The thought of the two of them standing there together touching one another while naked was arousing of course yes. Unfortunately, they weren't doing anything sexual, which was highly unlikely given the circumstances. Jolene soon began to soap up her own body, also washing her breasts while Shelly stood there watching her in anticipation of helping her wash her hair.

"Wouldn't the boys love to see this!" My wife stated casually.

For a second there, I thought they had perhaps grown suspicious of our doing just that and actually drew back a little. "Don't worry...there's no way they can see us," Ned assured me. "I know, cause I've stood down there looking up at this spot. But with the sun behind us the way it is, there's too much glare for one thing. And for another, the angle to where we're sitting is too much of a stretch for them to see without straining their necks to actually do so. And we'd have plenty of warning even if they did become suspicious!"

Shelly not only helped Jolene with washing her hair, but she had also soaped up her back. Jolene then did the same for her before either one of them turned the shower back on in order to rinse.

"I admit Jolene. I always get aroused whenever we come here, especially when I shower. There's just something about being outside like this, naked...that gets to me."

"I know what you mean," My wife answered her. "Quite often when Ray and I go camping we often don't even bother getting dressed. It's so exciting to be able to walk around in the woods wearing nothing. And even better when Ray and I have found some secluded little meadow or something, and end up making love in it together."

Surprised that Jolene had just shared this piece of information with Shelly, I was even more surprised when Shelly shared a secret bit of information of her own. And I laughed, as Ned learned something he'd never known about before either.

"You know what else I like to do?" Shelly had begun.

"No what?" Jolene asked.

Shelly giggled, almost embarrassedly so. "I can't believe I'm about to tell you this. But I think of things, do things up here, that I'd never even consider thinking about or doing back in the city. There's just something about the out of doors that awakens desires in me that I otherwise wouldn't even act on."

"What? What?" Jolene prompted her excitedly. "Tell me Shelly...what?"

"Don't laugh," Shelly urged her. "But at night? I often find myself having to get up to pee. It's usually colder, so I wrap one of our blankets around myself before going outside. After I've peed, I usually go sit down by the still smoldering fire. With luck, it's still warm enough to take the chill off. But as usually the case with me, I'm now wide awake." "I know what you mean...that happens to me too whenever I have to get up," Jolene said interrupting her. "But...go on with what you were saying," she urged.

"Well, what I do then might shock you," Shelly giggled again, even lowering her voice, which caused Ned and I both to worriedly look at one another. Luckily, Shelly's voice rose sufficiently for us to hear her clearly though we had to strain our ears to do so.

"And so...I sit down by the warm embers of the fire, gaze at the stars, and masturbate!"

"Holy shit!" Ned stated. "I never knew about that!" he said truthfully. "Hot damn!"

"Once I've given myself a nice little orgasm, I'm ready to go to sleep again," she finished saying.

"Sounds like a good idea to me!" Jolene stated playfully. "Though admittedly I've never thought of doing that, I might have to try it while we're here," she told her.

Now it was my turn to be surprised. "Shit!" I exclaimed, just as surprised as Ned had been. "God Ned, if she gets up in the middle of the night now...."

Ned laughed. "I know what you mean. I wonder if there's someway either of us can sneak out to see that?" he wondered jokingly.

We watched as the girls finished rinsing one another off, and lingered long enough to see them dressing before scrambling back down the hill towards camp. We arrived shortly after the girls had.

"Enjoy your hike?" Shelly asked Ned after we'd returned.

"Yeah...it was nice. Enjoy your shower?" he asked back innocently. 

I was sure I saw a slight blush in Shelly's cheeks as she turned to steal a glance towards Jolene.

"Yeah...we did," she quipped with a lot more behind that statement than she was letting anyone in on. Though I noticed my wife's sly smile as she returned her look.

"Yeah, maybe the two of you ought to think about taking one yourselves. Especially if you want to do anything...later." Jolene added now smiling directly at me.

#

The heat of the afternoon increased. Even sitting beneath the canopy of tree's that shaded us somewhat from the direct sun, didn't dampen the heat all that much. Ned and I had stripped down to nothing more than shorts. Sitting around the makeshift table we'd put together, Jolene had just brought us over a pitcher of Margarita's to help cool us down with.

"You know, the only thing better would be if I was drinking this in the nude," I said half-jokingly.

Fact was, most of the time whenever Jolene and I went camping together, I was nude...if not both of us.

"So do it then," Ned said speaking up. "I'm sure that Shelly wouldn't mind...if Jolene didn't object to it," he said glancing towards his wife. Shrugging her shoulders she looked towards Jolene.

"Wouldn't bother me any. I'm surprised that Ned hasn't done that already anyway. He usually does!"

Quick as bunnies, Ned and I were soon stripping off the rest of our clothing. Within seconds, we were both lounging there in the nude.

"Well?"

"Well what?" Shelly responded looking at Ned.

"Aren't the two of you going to join us?" he asked.

But it was my wife who responded before she did. "Should have known there was another reason behind that," she quipped. "The two of you just want to get us naked."

"Anything wrong with that?" I continued on with the tease. "It's not like we're not amongst friends here...and especially good ones at that." I said lifting my freshly filled Margarita up in a proposed toast.

Ned lifted his glass up next to mine, and the two of us patiently waited for the girls to join us. Shelly lifted her glass.

"Ah uh. We're toasting naked," he told her seriously. "No naked...no drinky!" 

"We might as well," I was surprised to hear my wife saying. "If we don't...we'll never hear the end of it."

Much to my amazement, Jolene began removing her clothing even before Shelly had a chance to say anything one way or the other. Seeing that my wife was actually taking off her clothing, Shelly soon followed suit. When both women were finally naked, we picked up the toast where we'd left off.

"To good friends," I began. "To very good...naked friends," Ned amended.

"To horny men," Jolene jabbed looking across towards where Shelly was standing.

"I'll drink to that," Shelly said, and was the first to lift her glass, draining it. Which was a delightful picture to see as she tilted her head back, breasts rising almost in support of the toast.

"Your wife has nice tits," I said slyly looking towards Ned as I raised my glass to finish it.

"So does yours," Ned responded smiling at me.

"I'll drink to that," pouring us all another round.

"Now what shall we drink to?" Jolene asked lifting her glass once again.

"Oh, I don't know. Why don't we see what comes up?" I said lewdly, feeling my cock beginning to rise, noticing that Ned's already had.

#

It had been a fairly long day. Even though it was still early on in the evening, we'd allowed the fire to die down in anticipation of retiring to bed. Though none of us had come right out and said it of course, sitting around naked all day had been arousing, even if the girls weren't as ready to admit it as Ned and I were. Saying our "good-nights" to one another, I quickly crawled inside our tent, waiting expectantly for Jolene to join me.

"I'll be in, in a minute," she said, peeking her head through the door of the tent. "I need to go and pee first." Outside, I heard the sound of Shelly's laugh.

Making a small attempt to whisper, I still clearly heard her anyway. "I'll probably still get up later myself. I'll throw a little more wood on the fire. I might feel like coming outside later knowing the two of you." 

Jolene snickered. "Oh, and the two of you aren't planning on doing anything?" she asked.

"Well yeah...but you know me. I'll probably still be horny later on too."

Moving off so I could no longer hear what they were saying, I lay there smiling, stroking my stiff member waiting for Jolene's return.

"Ray! Ray! Did you hear any of that?" Ned asked through the tent. In doing so, I realized with our tents pitched as close as they were, just how easy it really was going to be, hearing one another.

"Yeah...I did. This is apt to get pretty interesting," I told him through the canvas. 

"You've got that right!" I heard him respond, but with the sound of the girls return, each of us quit speaking to one another.

"See you in the morning then," Jolene said speaking to Shelly as she pulled open the tent flap just before stepping inside.

"Or...sooner," Shelly retorted with a giggle quickly following up behind that.

Jolene stepped inside the tent, zipping up the screen, closing and securing the canvas flap. I was lying atop the sleeping bags lazily stroking myself. "Oh...so you started without me huh?"

Across the way, Shelly giggled. "Don't feel bad, Ned was doing the exact same thing."

"Oh great!" Jolene jabbed. "How the hell are we supposed to do this if we can hear one another this well?"

"Just try to fuck quietly!" Ned said chiming in, laughing. "Though Shelly's never been able to do that." 

"Shut up Ned...or you won't be getting any!" she warned him.

Jolene slid in bed next to me, smiling wickedly though she really did whisper. "This really is rather exciting isn't it?" she asked in tones too low to have been heard, even as close as our tents were.

"Can't you tell?" I whispered back, waving my very erect cock back and forth at her, glad when she took over the waving with her hand.

I soon latched onto one of my wife's breasts and began to softly, quietly suck it. Jolene moaned in appreciation of the sensations that I was bringing to her, and I wondered briefly if that had been loud enough to be heard. Hearing nothing from our neighbors however, we continued fooling around. I soon scooted down, placing myself between my wife's legs and proceeded to orally tease her with my tongue. She once again began moaning even louder as I did so, playing with her breasts, rolling her nipples between her fingers while I in turn licked her clit. Something she always usually did if I wasn't, whenever I went down on her. As I sucked her clit inside my mouth, I heard another low soft moan. But this one didn't come from Jolene. It was obviously Shelly's. Neither of us said or did anything as we were now too far into the pleasures we were enjoying with one another. Nipping my wife's clit with my teeth, tonguing it in the fashion and manner that she really enjoyed, Jolene groaned even more deeply. I had no doubts whatsoever that Ned and Shelly must have heard that one, especially as she got closer and closer to climax. As she did, she was whimpering not at all softly which was very normal for her to do. And frankly, I was glad. I was really getting off on the knowledge that our friends could hear the pleasure that I was giving to my wife.
