 Cindie had the body of a belly-dancer. Swinging hips, large natural breasts, but trim legs. I kept coming back to Cindie and Bill's place a lot. I got more and more used to their bodies and the places they loved licking, thrusting, and pressure. 

I finally understood Cindie's intense desire for emotional sex. She loved being the center of attention; it made her feel loved. Her husband loved her but even he knew she needed more. And I think that because she knew that he understood her, it made her love him more, and want to be shared with him more.

Cindie loved double penetration. Almost every time I was with them, intense double penetration would happen. One time, she went on her side, lying down. I was facing her, my cock deep in her pussy and my mouth locked into deep kisses with her. 

I felt Bill put his cock in her ass, pushing in deep. She would grab the back of my neck to brace herself, and she would drive her tongue deeper into my mouth. I would feel her heart beat faster, and sweat on her chest, mingling with mine. We'd pump her back and forth and she just loved to not move and be our meat. 

I could always feel Bill's cock rub against mine and I learned to mimic his movements. When he would grind his cock in slowly, I'd do the same. When he pumped hard, so would I. And when he thrust in deep to his balls, I did too. 

I learned that Cindie loved both of us doing this together. So this time, when Bill was on his left side, fucking her ass deep and slow, I was doing the same in her pussy. Long deep thrusts. Our cocks were so close together. I had to slide down on my right side to get in deeper in her pussy. Cindie's eyes met mine and she could tell how much I loved her, loved all this. She whispered to me, "can you feel him?" 

I said, "yes." 

She asked, "do you like feeling my husband's cock in my ass?" I simply nodded. She whispered more, "do you love it when he goes deep in my ass, do you like it when he goes so deep that it hurts?"

That surprised me.

I didn't really respond. My mind was swirling. Bill's cock in her ass was pushing against mine in her pussy. Cindie's perfume was overwhelming me. The smell of her pussy and ass getting fucked mixed in with her perfume. Her jewelry rattling, and the smell of her hair. 

I must have looked overwhelmed because in the midst of all this overload of fucking, and because she must have sensed I was trying not to cum right then and there, she simply whispered to me, "it's OK honey. I know you love me. You're here for me, and I can take it like this."

Bill heard all this. I heard him grunt hard, and right as he started to thrust deep and really hard, Cindie whispered to me, "it's going to hurt." I instinctively began to kiss her deep to console her, to help her. But I started to fuck her hard too. 

Our cocks hit each other inside her, deep and hard. She cried out. I came so hard my cum was flowing out of her pussy. I pulled out and Bill then forcefully pulled out, roughly pulled her onto her back and rushed up to her mouth. He pushed his cock to her lips hard and she opened her mouth. He stuffed his cock half-way in and came. 

I watched in awe as she pulled her hands to grab his butt and swallow his cum. I thought at first she grabbed his ass somehow to try to stop him from drilling further in her mouth but I had it wrong. It was to stop him from pulling out.

After hard sex like this, we'd always have some deep sips of wine and lie down together. This time, Bill and Cindie cuddled, facing each other. I heard her whisper to him, "did you like that?" 

He replied "oh, I think you could tell!" 

Before he could finish, she kissed him and said, "I love you more. It's OK. Don't worry, baby." And right after that, she asked me to spoon her from behind. And right after I started spooning her, she grabbed my butt so I'd rub my cock against her freshly fucked ass. All the while, she was deeply kissing her husband, and I heard them both tell each other, over and over again, how much they loved each other.

How could any guy not like this? I was fucking a beautiful older woman, fulfilling every MFM fantasy I had, and learning what a beautiful relationship is really about. Intense emotional commitment that is shown with intense hard sex.

The next time at their house, though, was different.

It was almost like they accepted me as part of their family, with Cindie as a foster mother, a mother who wanted to look out after me, and who happened to fuck me. Cindie kept asking if I'd found another woman. 

I kept talking about a girl I liked at work, Aja, who had wavy black hair to match her dark eyes, a slender tall body. I called her Office Girl. She was a single mom, in her late 30s. She always was very friendly to me, always smiled and flirted with me in a fun and playful way. I didn't want to drawl about her too much to Cindie so I stopped talking about her after a few minutes. 

Cindie would have none of that. Instead, she asked for more words about Office Girl's body. She asked if I thought she'd fuck well. She asked if I'd kissed her yet. She asked if I wanted to fuck her. 

After a few drinks, and with Bill prodding me, I totally opened up and told her all my dreams and fantasies about Aja. Bill was there the whole time listening.

The three of us were drinking wine, naked and sitting upright on their bed, close together in a triangle. I'd never felt so relaxed or accepted in my life. It felt sublime, like being high, like being drunk, like being in deep joy, all at once. 

The most unusual thing then happened. Both Bill and Cindie moved to kiss me at the same time. Our tongues met together, mine at one part of Cindie's mouth, Bill's at the other. I didn't mind this. Bill then told me to stand up. So I did.

Cindie told me, "close your eyes honey."

I did.

I felt Cindie's mouth close around my cock, and recognized her tongue on the underside of my cock as she started to suck deeply. Oh, it felt so good. Then I felt her mouth go off of it.

I'd never had a guy blow me, but Bill's mouth went on my cock. I felt it being different, and rough. I was a bit shocked and opened my eyes. I looked down, and saw Cindie to the left side of Bill pushing his head onto my cock with her right hand. 

She was enjoying forcing him on me. She looked up at me with a big smile. She did this to him for another minute or two and then then said, "ok." He stopped sucking me and I got to watch the two of them kiss right afterward, his hands on her tits.

Before I knew it, I'm on my back, and Cindie is telling me, "it's your turn now, honey." She had lubed her ass and slid it down on my cock, reverse-cowgirl style.

At first, she had her arms on each side of me, as Bill started fucking her pussy. It was the first time I had been in her ass during a DP. She turned her head to the right and said to me, "hold me so my husband can fuck my pussy." I put my hands to the back of her shoulders, and lowered her back on top of me, gently. Her necklace jangled against me, her waist necklace went flush to my groin area. 

I put my right arm around her neck and throat and put my left hand around her waist, high. Her head went to the right side of mine and I saw her look up just as Bill started to lean down, kissing her. She moaned, "don't move" to me. Bill then started pumping her pussy, hard. This time, I couldn't move, even if I had wanted to. 

The weight of their bodies pinned me down. I was licking Cindie's left ear and trying not to cum. Each time Bill pumped deep into her pussy, my cock would slightly pull out of her ass and when he would pull out of her pussy, my cock went a little deeper in her ass.

I saw her nails dig into Bill's shoulders. I felt her shoulders tense and felt her ass clench on my cock as she came. She wasn't loud, but she had deep primal moans of pleasure.

I had only fucked Cindie's ass a few times. Her ass was always tight, and so hot. Sometimes when fucking her ass I would close my eyes and imagine seeing her walking down our work halls in her dresses or tight pants, from behind, and watching her hips swing back and forth, inviting me in. 

And now I was fucking her gorgeous ass, with another man in her pussy, and it was too great a sensation not to cum. I came in her ass, holding her around the neck as she faced upwards, kissing her husband. She grunted when I came, her bracelets jangling against her husband's torso right above her, with her hands on his muscular chest. Her ass was full of my cum and not just hot anymore, but a little less tight and a lot more lubed. 

Bill whispered that he needed to cum and Cindie said to him, "wherever you want, baby."

I was still in her ass, and she was still lying on top of me, reverse-cowgirl. He pulled out of her and thrust his cock to her lips. This time, inches from my face, she took only the head in her mouth and swallowed his cum. It was a lot, and some dribbled out her mouth. 

Bill walked a few feet away and collapsed. As my own cock was collapsing inside her ass, Cindie got off my cock, turned towards me and asked, "do you love me honey?" 

I said "yes." 

Cindie then said, "kiss me." 

I kissed her as she climbed on top of me. She initiated a slow deep kiss. I could taste Bill's cum. It didn't matter. I felt her tanned curvy body on top of mine; the one that we had just fucked. I loved feeling her older but still awesome Double-D breasts smash against my chest as we kissed.

She rose her chest up off me, smiled at me and then lay back down on top of me. She turned her head towards Bill and asked, "was that hot baby?" 

But before I heard him reply I heard a familiar woman's voice say, "bravo!"

I was shocked. I panicked a little bit, in that moment trying to figure out who that could be! My ex? A neighbor, a friend? Cindie got off me and said to me, "it's OK, honey, don't worry." 

I rose up off the bed and there was Office Girl! She was standing next to Bill, gazing at me. She was wearing a halter top, a high skirt, her makeup was gorgeous as always, and her flowing black hair looked beautiful as always. She had a drink in her hand, and she simply smiled at me.

I started to walk over to her, stammering a bit. I was so embarrassed. I had cum on me, I was sweaty, I had the lube from Cindie's ass dripping off my cock, I smelled like hard sex, and here was this beautiful woman I had been telling Cindie about an hour before, the one I had a crush on, dressed elegantly 6 feet in front of me. 

It dawned on me that she had watched us this whole time. I must have turned red from embarrassment.

I heard Cindie giggle. I couldn't tell what Bill was thinking, but he toasted me and smiled. Even now I can still see Aja slightly giggling at my embarrassment, one hand trying to cover her giggles, one hand holding her wine glass. And I still see her in my mind, slowly walking up to me and saying, as she looked into my eyes, "I approve!"

I stammered the question, "what?" 

To which she replied, "aren't you going to say hello to me, Kevin?"

With embarrassment, I said, "uh, hello." 

She then said, "well, I was going to kiss you for congratulations but if you won't say hello to me right away then I'll have to say hello to Cindie instead." 

Aja then put her drink down, walked over to Cindie, and kissed her long and deep, her halter top pressing against Cindie's naked breasts, her own bra-strap even more conspicuous. They kissed long and deep for several minutes.

Their love for each other in the room was intense. My bewilderment, my strong feelings for Aja, and my feelings for Cindie, were even stronger. 

Aja wanted me to feel free enough to kiss her and I couldn't because I was in a state of shock right there. When I finally stopped being worried about what I had gotten myself into, and when I started letting my actions match my feelings, is when I finally found true love. 

Stay tuned for part 3.