 I had saved enough money to afford the massage that I had wanted for so long. Working as a manicurist doesn't pay much. Even though, I had a good clientele base and thought I could afford this little luxury. I owed it to myself to occasionally do something nice for myself, something I wouldn't ordinarily consider. Checking around I chose a salon that had been recommended by a friend of a friend. She said that they were thorough and competent, assuring me of "an experience I would totally enjoy and one that would keep me coming back!" I called and made the appointment.

During the week before my appointment, I made ready by pampering myself. I had my hair cut, highlighted and styled, shaved my legs and even trimmed and shaped my pubic hair nice and short. When the day came I was ready to be pampered and spoiled by someone else. This would be the icing on the cake.

I arrived on time and was ushered into a small dressing room by an older woman who seemed rather abrupt and formal. The dressing room was clinical and sterile. I was beginning to think that maybe I had made a mistake choosing this salon. I took my clothes off, put them on the hangers provided and wrapped myself in a large, warmed terry towel and head wrap that the 'matron' had given me. The woman returned and asked me to follow her explaining that I was being led to the treatment room where I would first soak in a hot mineral bath. 

"Now this is more like it," I thought to myself as we entered the treatment room. There was a large sunken pool on one side of the room, lush hanging plants, bathed in the steam rising from the pool, and pleasing erotic paintings hung around the room. To my left was the massage table, a cushioned berth, covered with a smooth, silky looking material. The lighting was more subdued and relaxing music filtered through the moist wonderfully scented air. 

The woman told me to enjoy the mineral pool, that she would be back in about fifteen minutes. She closed the door and at last I was alone to savor my surroundings. 

I let the towel slip away and did a pirouette, breathing the moist, fragrant air deeply into my lungs. With a start, I saw my reflection in mirrors that completely covered one wall. Looking up, I saw another large mirror on the ceiling over the table and pool. With a Hollywood flair, I walked up to the mirror and admired my body. The aerobics classes and low-fat diet were certainly paying off as I turned first to the left and then to the right. "Not bad," I thought. I was almost forty but I now weighed about the same as when I was in high school. My shape had not suffered either. One year ago I had breast surgery to augment my petite breasts and now, after going through the "Barbie Doll" stage, they were completely natural looking. Yesterday I measured a pleasing 36''- 25''- 35'', 5' 2'' and 115 lbs. I did notice that men's eyes followed me whenever I went out these days. I loved going to the mall and 'window shopping' as often as I could. 

I stood over the steaming pool watching as millions of tiny effervescent bubbles broke the surface. Slowly I slipped into the hot, churning caldron. Its warm embrace enveloped me as I slid down letting only my head remain above the steaming water. The flowing liquid gently caressed my body as I closed my eyes and laid my head back. Tiny bubbles gathered on my skin and quickly tickled across me escaping back into the water. I maneuvered myself where I could feel the currents swirling between my legs. My legs spread automatically, as I delighted in the luxurious feel of those tiny bubbles feeling their way through my crotch. They kissed my clit with the sensuous touch of a feather. My hands followed their lead as I gently stroked myself. The mirror above me reflected a vision of total bliss. For long titillating minutes, I played, bobbing up and down in the pool imagining that I was teasing a man with my actions. With eyes closed I envisioned him stroking his long thick cock as he watched me touch myself and I visually seduced him.

My sensuous spell was rudely broken as a knock came on the door, it opened and the woman entered. Climbing from the pool I quickly wrapped myself in the towel. 

"I hope you enjoyed the bath, she said. Please lie on the table, face down, your massage will begin soon." 

"Yes I did, it was so relaxing." as I climbed onto the table and settled myself face down, wrapped in the warm, cozy towel. Hearing the door close, I was alone with my thoughts and wondered what she had seen when she entered the room. A wave of embarrassment flooded over me. "Oh but, I'm sure she sees that all the time." I offered to myself. Relaxing to the soft music, I quickly drifted into a light sleep.

I was awakened by the feel of the masseuse rubbing my feet and hands. "Mmm. I cooed," keeping my eyes closed, I relished the attention of those warm hands. The woman surely knew how to caress my feet. Her expert touch was strong and seductive. But... who was massaging my hands and arms? I opened my eyes to find myself looking at our image in the mirrored wall. It wasn't the old woman after all! It wasn't even a woman!

Two men were busying themselves with their task. They were both wrapped in the same towels that I was except theirs covered only their lower sections. The taller man was dark haired with a short beard and dark eyes. The other was lighter in color and clean shaven, both had athletic bodies and deep tans. The light in the room had been softened to a warm glow, many candles flickered and danced reflecting off their bodies. 

I closed my eyes again and tried to concentrate on the massage, but my mind kept returning to a vision of their bodies, naked. Their dicks hanging long and full, their balls nestled in patches of hair. 

Slowly they worked their way up my limbs. As the man massaged my thighs I could feel a familiar warmth beginning to spread outward from inside and between my legs and my juices begin to flow. He worked higher and higher until his strong hands were gently stroking and kneading my ass, occasionally brushing against my pussy lips. I held my breath each time he touched me there and felt a rivulet of liquid trickle from me. I felt embarrassment but also a passion creeping over me.

The other man was rubbing my shoulders and back. Warm breath played on my neck, lips moved slowly caressing my earlobes and back again. At the same time, the soft brushing around my crotch took on a more direct pressure. His strong hands separated my legs and I could feel his beard against me. I wanted to spread my legs wide to give him total access but I couldn't. With their strong hands, they turned me over, removing the towel with a quick pull. For what seemed an eternity they stood looking at me. Their faces mirrored my growing desire.

My breasts felt swollen and my nipples erect as the clean-shaven man bent down to kiss them. His tongue swirled around my nipple, nipping at it with his teeth now and again. My tits are very sensitive and I love having them sucked and fondled. His attentions were heating up my pussy as I felt that familiar building sensation in my clit. I could feel my wetness leaking from me. He softly kneaded my breasts in his hands as he continued to play me, pulling my nipples with his lips. The tall dark man placed the heel of his hand over my now pulsating pussy and began to rub me in a circular motion. My hips sprang up uncontrollably to meet his touch. His fingers grazing my erect clit. It was like electricity shooting from his touch, shocking my hot little nub. Lowering his face between my legs, his tongue shot out to flick my clit back and forth. I was beside myself with pleasure and lust. I wanted them both to fuck me. I wanted to feel a cock in me. I needed to have a cock in me. His flicking turned to sucking as he raised my legs up and out to gain better access. I was bathing his face in my juices, my hips bucking against him responsively.

The man at my breasts flipped a switch and the table began to lower until his cock was hanging directly over my mouth. He took hold of it and placed it's head on my lips, rubbing the soft head around and around. I could feel his slippery fluid wet my lips. My tongue snaked out, swirling around his cockhead. I opened my mouth to let him enter me. I wanted to suck his cock, to feel him turn hard in my mouth. Gently he pushed forward and filled my waiting mouth. I took all of him. His hair tickled my nose as I felt him expanding, my tongue playing him left and right in my mouth. Relaxing my throat muscles and sticking out my tongue, I let it squeeze down my throat. I love to deep throat men it makes me so wet. It was something I had learned very early on and it always amazed and satisfied their lusty desires. 

Fingers probed my wet pussy as my hand found his dick and began pulling on the loose skin covering it. It felt huge in my hand, my mind was going crazy imagining it inside me. Another of his fingers found an opening and it slipped into me. "Oh my god," I thought, all of my openings are full. I had never been so hot as I rocked back and forth against the cock in my mouth and the fingers in my cunt and ass.

"What is it you want? You have to ask for it...beg for it?" The man fingering me asked in a low husky tone. 

I released the prick in my mouth to plead, "Fuck me...I want you to fuck me...I want to feel you deep inside me. I want you to fuck me as I suck this cock. I want you both to cum all over me." I was out of control with lust. Their towels fell away revealing what I had only imagined.

Instead of mounting me he moved around to my head and offered his dick to me. I took them both in my hands and started jacking them off as I watched their balls wriggle and bounce above me. I pulled both of their cocks to my mouth and kissed them. Then I alternated between sucking first one then the other until they were both hard and standing straight out.

"I want you to fuck me now...give me your beautiful prick where I want it, where I need it! Please fuck me...I can't stand it any longer." I begged quietly, breathlessly.

The darker one climbed between my wide open legs and teased my pussy with his cock head as I returned to sucking the other man's wonderful cock. I gasped as I felt the pressure of his penetration. It stretched me even though I was sopping wet. He pushed all the way in and held it there for me to conform to his massive erection before he began slowly pumping in and out of my craving cunt. The three of us settled into a rhythm. I was faint with the knowledge that I was having sex with two men at once. The erotic feelings were overpowering. I felt free, powerful, and totally uninhibited. The mirrors were alive with our carnal display. I could watch as my cunt was being filled with that magnificent prick as I sucked shamelessly on the second one.

The lighter haired man pulled his cock from my mouth and began masturbating himself as I watched. Glistening drops were escaping from him only to drip onto my face and tongue. His shaft was slick and wet as his hand slipped smoothly back and forth. My mouth yearned to have it back but I wanted to watch him more. My pussy was being fucked harder now as both men neared their climax. 

With a deep groan the man masturbating stiffened and shot his load, spurt after spurt, flooding my face and breast with his hot sticky fluid. I wiped what I could from my lips then reached up to milk the remaining drops out of his cock head spreading them on my breasts. 

"Oh, fuck me harder," I cried as my attention returned to the cock in my pussy. His thrusting increased, his balls slapping my ass and his cock making vulgar squishing sounds as it pounded into me.

The feeling began in my clitoris and spread throughout my pelvis. From deep within I could feel the contractions as my cunt squeezed and pulled at that thrusting meat. My head thrashed to and fro and I screamed all sorts of vile epithets at these two men as I lapsed into an unconscious dialog. The heat in my body was explosive, sending me over the edge with wave after wave of orgasmic passion and lust. My body shaking as I strained to swallow this man with my body.

Slowly the waves subsided. I found myself gently rocking against his hard cock. Deliberately, he would pull his prick from deep inside of me to my opening and then gradually slide it back in. I could feel his cock head moving against the walls of my vagina, filling me. My desires reawakening as his cock let go of it's pent up semen. With a loud moan, he came filling me with his copious fluid. He pulled his prick from me as several more jets flooded out across my belly. I rubbed his cum over my stomach and tits lost in the debauchery. 

To my surprise and delight, the other man was hard again and he came around and entered me. 

The rekindled fire inside of me flashed over as I drew him near with my legs wrapped tightly around his waist. He fucked me wildly for many minutes, setting off another orgasm from deep inside. We both came together in an exploding crescendo of heat and passion collapsing in a spent heap. Sweet darkness enveloped me.

When I awoke the men were gone. I slipped back into the hot bath to rinse and reflect on the encounter. Never have I come so hard. I thought of my friend who recommended this place and wondered if she had had the same experience. As I dressed I thought that I would have to thank her for the tip. "Hmm, perhaps she would like to join me next time." I thought. I would love to watch those beautiful men and her together. Next time!