 The car engine was turned off and the girl in the passenger seat sighed deeply. She really didn't want to be here but she had been talked into it by her friend. The day was perfect for the beach, hot with a slight breeze. She turned to her friend Heather next to her, the young woman smiled at her and brushed back her long blonde streaked hair. The bronze tanned face smiled again and she opened her door. 

The girl had realised as soon as her friend had decided to come here she would have no choice. She would always do what Heather wanted, it was the way they were with each other.

As Heather stood up you could see that she wore nothing beneath her halter top and loose soccer shorts. The woman in the car could see Heather's very attractive mother Lucy opening the boot, though in her forties she could easily pass for a woman in her low thirties. She dyed her hair with flashes of crimson to make her brown hair sexier she said, she wore a sarong that was caught in the breeze and exposed her nut brown naked skin beneath the almost transparent cloth. That had been a shock when Lucy had popped into the car to join them in a trip to the beach though she had often been naked with the girls at other times.

"Come on Lee. The sun is not going stay here forever."

Lee opened her door and stepped out onto the dirt carpark. She wondered how she had been talked into this adventure, sure she would sunbathe nude at home and she had joined Heather naked by their pool where they would swim and tan together. After all wasn't Heather her best friend and it seemed a good idea when she had said it.

"Why don't we go to the nude beach tomorrow?" Heather asked slowly only the day before.

"What? I don't know it's one thing to do it in private but to go where there are all those people ....." The woman was very uneasy about the thought but she saw the shine in Heather's eyes which meant she had decided to go anyway.

"I mean aren't there all those perverts in the cliffs?"

"Nonsense Mummy goes all the time and says it is one of the loveliest beaches she ever goes to, anyway I'll be there and it gets so boring just being by yourself. Come on Lee, you haven't got anything to be ashamed of."

That was true her body was sleek and toned due to her constant rowing training for the college. She was considered pretty like Heather and many a young man wanted her, she found it fun playing hard to get with the boys. Giving into the pleading Lee had agreed reluctantly to visit the beach. So here she was in her shorts, t-shirt and bikini about to go to the beach beneath the cliff. 

"Don't worry Lee it isn't a death sentence," Heather spoke again.

Gulping she joined the others at the head of the stairs leading to the clean white beach below. They stepped downwards and wound their way down the cliff face until they stood on the sand. Lucy moved over to the dunes near the cliff moving with the assurance of someone who knew where they were and where they were going. Heather and Lee followed behind the woman. The beach seemed to be remarkably empty of people but then it was early in the morning.

Suddenly the older woman stopped and dropped her bag, then with a quick glance about the beach she dropped her sarong to expose her nut brown body. Lee was surprised to see the Celtic tattoo that spanned the woman's back just above her ass cheeks. Then without a care in the world she lay her towel on the sand and began to rub oil into her skin. Again she was surprised to see the dull glint of gold at Lucy's breasts, the woman was pierced. 

Lee was startled by movement to her side only to see Heather slip her breasts out of her top and then pull her shorts down exposing her pussy topped with the Mohawk strip above her shaved lips, Lee had already noticed that Lucy was cleanly shaved. Looking over to her friend Heather winked and placed her clothes into her bag. With the other two naked Lee could not stop now. Gulping she stepped out of her shorts and top exposing the bikini she wore. Then reaching behind her she undid the top and pulled it away from her body. 

Though often topless and naked with these two she felt more nude now than she had ever felt before in her life. Then closing her eyes she hooked her fingers in the cloth at her hips and slipped it down her light golden legs exposing her lightly downed pussy. It was strange she even felt excited being naked before all these people though there were few people around them. 

"Here have this," Heather said as she passed Lee a tumbler that she found held champagne. Somehow she found that she gulped it down and then the tumbler was again being filled.

"Heather oil my back will you dear," Lucy called over to her daughter as she watched the two through her sun-glasses. 

"Coming Mummy," Heather answered and straddled her mother's body.

Whilst she was doing that Lee laid out her towel and began to oil her body. A contented grunt made her turn to mother and daughter as Heather rubbed oil into Lucy's skin leaving it shining in the sun. Reaching forward Heather slipped her fingers beneath Lucy's breasts and Lee saw her fingers caress the pierced nipples for a short time before she moved down to the brown flesh of the ass cheeks. Oiled hands slipped around and then between the cheeks and she was almost certain to the shaved lips of her mother's pussy. Then it was oiling the smoothly muscled legs of the older woman as she parted them allowing Lee to see the engorged lips that stuck out in the vee between her legs. 

The young girl had known that both Mother and Daughter were close but this surprised her. Heathers fingers touched and pinched at her mothers lips that were wet with juices. She saw the rings that pierced even them and she wondered what they felt like when they were touched. Lucy said something quietly to Heather who nodded in agreement. 

Lee could not draw her eyes away nor did she realise that as she watched she was teasing and playing with the hard light brown nipples. Heather smiled and then stood up coming over to the bemused girl. Taking the bottle of oil from her hand she pushed Lee to the towel and then onto her belly. Heather was as always so dominant and it always surprised Lee she did not question it.

"I think that you have oiled your breasts enough Lee. Time to oil your back."

As she spoke Lee felt the cool touch of oil on her shoulders and neck only to be followed by Heather's clever fingers that teased and played with each inch of Lee's skin. Lee closed her eyes and sighed deeply. She was not inclined to want women unlike others she knew but what Heather was doing sapped any complaint from her and she allowed her friend to pour oil on her ass. Suddenly she felt another pair of hands massaging her calves and raising her head and turned to see Lucy smile at her as she rubbed oil into her slim muscled legs. Then Heather parted her ass cheeks and dripped oil between them.

"Nooooo." 

"No Lee?" Heather asked as her fingers touched the crinkled flesh of her sphincter. It sent a thrill of pleasure that betrayed the woman and she found her voice croaking.

"No, don't stop."

Heather grunted and Lee felt the finger touch her ass-hole and slip down till she was at the girl's soaking pussy.

"Hello, how are you," Lucy's voice cut through this dream and Lee was horrified as she saw people walking towards them. There were three of them and they were men. 

Lucy jumped up and ran to an older man who kissed her gently but pulled on her nipple ring as he smiled lustfully at the oiled flesh. Heather left Lee's tortured flesh now to join her mother and even the humiliated and very frustrated Lee came over to join the party. 

Lucy was making introductions as the men walked to the girls towels and stripped off their clothes. 

"Lee this fantastic man is Paul," as she spoke she took the older man's cock between her fingers and pulled on it for a couple of strokes allowing it to grow a little. The older woman continued, "and these are John and Dick his sons." 

The two dark haired men looked at the girls with interest. Lee noticed that they were shaved smooth and very attractive. She was glad that they could not see that she was devouring them with her eyes. She still felt so hot and horny from what had happened before and they were so fucking handsome she thought. Laughter broke her fantasy as Lucy and Paul poured more champagne and offered it around. Lee gulped hers down and found that she was jealous when Heather joined John on the towel. 

Looking over she saw Dick who came over.

"Would you like me to oil your back?"

Lee started, had she been seen? Did he know what had happened and then shrugging she shook her head.

Laughing softly he lay on his front and asked her to oil his back. Unable to resist she poured some oil into her hands and then began to rub it into his thirsty flesh. Like the girls he was tanned all over to a light gold. Soon she was into a pattern of massage and her hands slipped down along his body and she didn't notice as she oiled his legs and firm butt. Part of the reason for this was that she was watching Lucy oil Paul's cock until it was hard and gleaming with oil, she did not allow him to cum and he wanted that release so much. His fingers were deep in Lucy's pussy and he was frigging her frantically. Then Lee touched Dick's balls and realised that she had been ready to masturbate him.

Realising how much she wanted to touch him and have him fuck her a shocked Lee stood shakily and made her way to the water much to the cries of disappointment from Dick left on the towel behind her. Her hand seemed to remember Dick's cock and she felt a powerful urge to take it in her hands again and watch it grow and then pump the flesh until it exploded with cum over his tanned skin. She sighed with pleasure as the cool water rose over her legs and with a graceful dive she plunged into the mill-pond smooth sea.

Coming up for air she began to swim in the refreshing ocean. There was the sound of splashing behind her and she turned to see Dick swimming towards her. At first Lee thought about swimming away but thought that she was being silly if she did that so she waited for him to catch up with her. Finally he was next to her and he smiled at her with a lopsided grin.

"So what was that all about?" he asked only semi-humorously.

Lee decided that question was she did not need to answer and she sprayed water into his face and began to swim back to the shore. The sand was soon under her feet and water cascaded down her body as she made her way back to her towel. Lee was pleased that the others had stopped their sex play and she realised that this was what she had fled from only minutes before. Heather raised her head from John's flat belly so she could look at Lee. Lee saw could see gobs of white cream that had sprayed from John's cock and Heather's fingers played idly in the liquid.

"Hi, have a nice swim?" Heather seemed so matter a fact about the fact she had just jerked this man off in public. Lucy was having her breasts kissed slowly and gently by Paul his skin glistening with a mixture of oil and cum. Dick had sat near her again but seemed to be ignoring her which for some reason made her angry and jealous of the others. She wondered what it would have been like to have jerked Dick off and watch his cum splash on his stomach. 

Did he think less of her just because she hadn't wanted to jerk him off. The fact he seemed to be moving closer to Heather was a slap in her face. Damn him didn't he think that a little more effort and she might fuck him. Lee acted demurely but she was an incredibly passionate woman once she was aroused. Often she dreamed of doing things that were dirty with one or more men. She envied Heather her ability to be so uninhibited.

Then before she could think or do anything Paul sat next to her, his cock was barely a foot away from her body and she wanted to make a statement to these people who thought of her as a prude. The beach was still relatively uninhabited so that the group was without anyone near them yet. Then without thought Lee's hand touched Paul's still flaccid cock.

"So you think I can get you going?" Lee said suggestively as she cupped his balls.

"Perhaps," he replied as her finger traced a spiral from the tip of his cock to the rim of his cock head and then when she got to the rim she retraced her path to the tip that glistened with thick precum. Her heart felt as though it was in her mouth as she touched him so blatantly. She felt so excited by doing this and a little scared.

The others were watching her now and Dick was open mouthed as Paul's cock shot to its full length and thickness. Lee realised now that she could not stop this from happening but then found she did not want to stop it but wanted to do this thing very much. In her mind she realised that she had not wanted Dick, no she had wanted this older man with his well-formed body. Crawling a little forward Lee bent her head between his legs and touched her lips to his cock. As she did so her hand sneaked between her legs and began to press her fingers between her swollen lips to find the swollen clit peaking out of its head. 

"That's it Honey lick his cock. He really likes a good head job."

Lee recognised Lucy's voice as the others gathered around to watch her. Heather took out a digital camera to take photos that later she would show Lee and describe how exciting it had made her seeing her friend giving head. Lee did not look up as her lips parted and she gently touched the leaking tip of Paul's cock. He shook and sighed softly as she slipped her tongue along and inside the small lips on top of his cock. Opening her mouth further the head slipped between the lips and into her mouth. With practised ease Lee allowed the cock to slide in and out of her mouth grazing her cheek and allowing her tongue to roll over and across the hard flesh that was penetrating her mouth. 

If Lee had looked up she would have seen Lucy having her pussylips opened by Dick and seeing his elegant thin fingers thrust in and out out of the pierced flesh that he opened wider until he found her clit pierced with a solid gold ring. Quickly he began to massage the organ smiling as he heard Lucy groan in pleasure. 

"Hmmm that's nice Hon, a little stronger there." 

This was from Heather who had John between her legs, his face pressed against her pussy and his tongue massaging the swollen lips and invading the very welcoming pussy. With her instructions he pressed his tongue harder into the flesh and touched the tip of Heather's clit sending an electric pulse of excitement through her body.

"Oh Yesssss," Heather screamed.

As Heather screamed a string of cum squirted onto the man's tongue and he greedily lapped up the sweet musky liquid. However Lee was not interested in all of this and was only concentrating on the cock that was pumping in and out of her mouth. Her cheeks hollowed out as she sucked on this meaty lollipop and she massaged his tight balls with her hand. 

"Fuck I'm cummmmminggggg"

As Paul grunted his message Lee's mouth flooded with the bitter, salty liquid and she pulled away from his cock to spit out the cum from her mouth and allowed the rest of his squirting cum to wash over her chin. She still used her hand to pump Paul's spouting cock until he stopped which was soon since he had cum only recently. As she looked around she saw Heather rocking her head back and forth on the towel as John sucked and licked at her lips and clit. He was thrusting a single finger in and out of her dripping pussy as he did so and Heather pinched her breasts hard as her pussy squirted and leaked cum into John's mouth. 

Turning a little Lee saw Lucy looking at both of them, the lust and passion that was deeply engraved into her face. Lucy looked down at the cock Lee cradled in her hands. It was long and thin, he was ready for a woman and Lucy decided that the woman for him was Lee. The merest look at Paul seemed to give him the idea and he gracefully moved behind Lee and rested her body between his legs allowing his body to be the base which she rested against. 

This way Lee faced away from Paul her body resting against his and she looked at the naked Dick and Lucy near her, Lucy held Dick's hard cock gently in her hand. Paul's legs were thrust between her calves and using his legs he opened wide allowing easy access to Lee's pussy, her lips were excited, aroused and swollen, her clit felt so large and she wanted to rub it hard. Paul gently pulled Lee into his body and he cupped her breasts with her hands and began massaging them and pinching the sensitive nipples. His fingers aroused her need and she watched as Lucy brought Dick towards her pulling him along gently by his cock. Then he was there kneeling between her open legs and Lucy was guiding Dick's cock to Lee's open pussy.

"Open your legs wider. Yes that's a good girl. You want him don't you?" Lucy's voice offered comfort and guidance as Lee knew that she was to be taken here with everyone watching her. In the background she saw Heather taking photos as John sucked on her nipples. Before it seemed important to be discrete now all she wanted was Dick to fuck her. She wanted to be taken hard and fast and without any foreplay.

"Fuck me now!!" Lee ground out her demand through her teeth.

As she spoke he drove into her. His cock slid deeply into her body and she screamed softly with delight. From behind she heard Paul speaking words of encouragement. 

"Fuck her hard. See she likes it. Push deeper!" 

His hands pinched at her nipples and Lee felt her body trip into orgasm. Then as she panted for breath a cock slipped into her mouth and she began to suck on John's cock which was being fed by Heather into her mouth. She could make out Heather behind him and she saw her hand manipulating his balls. Looking at her friend Heather smiled warmly and spoke.

"Do him Lee, suck every bit of cum out of his cock."

As Heather spoke she thrust her fingers in and out of her pussy and rubbed hard at her clit as she turned Lee from the archetype goody too shoes into a raving slut. Heather had never believed that Lee would have been capable of being a lover to more than one man at a time. Orgasms flowed through Lee's body now, each one stronger than the last. 

Lucy and Heather found Lee's wanton face was so exciting, the good girl was completely gone replaced by this insatiable woman who was wanting as much cock in her as she could take. Heather had always thought Lee was more passionate than she had let on but she had always kept a tight lid on those dark passions. Well now the dam had burst and she wanted all the pleasure she could grab. As Lee sank deeper into her desires Heather frigged herself to delicious orgasm after orgasm watching her friend please three men at once. 

Lee felt strange being taken by two men at the same time but she loved the feel of cock fucking her pussy and fucking her mouth at the same time. Her body felt so sensitive that she felt another orgasm rip through her body. Paul slid out from under her and she was lowered to the towel and the boys continued to use her. Around her she saw Heather licking at her mother's breasts and Paul getting behind Lucy's prone body, her ass sticking high into the air. Paul's cock was so hard and he bent over her hips as he drove his cock into her dripping shaved pussy.

"Fuck that's SO good," Lucy squealed as the man hammered her pussy with his cock. Paul's hips moved backwards and forwards as he thrust his cock into Lucy's pussy. 

Quickly he increased his pace as the desire and passion built between them and Lucy encouraged him to push harder, deeper and stronger. Then she grunted deeply as her body stiffened with cuming. It radiated from her pussy to shoot through her entire body. Then Paul came a mere second later, he shot his load deep into Lucy's pulsating pussy and held his cock there until it softened slipped from her body. 
