 Over the years of our marriage, my wife and I have been very open sexually with each other. After 15 years of wedded bliss, my sexy wife and I have come to a mutually satisfying understanding. I am sexually submissive and bi-curious, while my wife is sexually dominant and loves to humiliate me like I so desire.

In the last few years, we've really enjoyed more and more experimentation. Lately, my wife loves to watch me eat my own cum. For the last year or so, whenever I orgasm, my wife is finding ways for me to eat it. It started out when she would suck me off and then kiss me and snowball it back to me. It led to her riding my face after I would deposit my load deep in her pussy. Our favorite ways is when she jacks me off on her huge tits and I slowly lick my sperm from her jiggling tits. Another is she sucks me until I am close and finishes me into a wine glass and watches me as I drink it. It really doesn't matter how or where I cum, I know that shortly after I will be consuming it. It's gotten to the point that I look forward to cumming - not only for the release – but also so my wife will watch me eat it up- it's so humiliating and so erotic – Oh, and so delicious. 

For the last six months or so, I have been begging my wife to wear a strap on and use me like the slut I want to be. She usually just giggles and says, "We'll see..." I so desperately want my wife to make me suck a realistic looking strap on cock, teach me to deep throat, call me "a slut", or a "cocksucker", a "cum eating sissy" while holding my head and face fucking me. My cock throbs just thinking about it. Then I would want her to bend me over, push my face into a pillow and push her strap on into my virgin ass. I would even enjoy it if she made me wear a pair of her panties while she did all of this. Of course, I would then hungrily eat my still warm jism.

Well, I waited (and begged) for about a month before my wife made me her little slut. It was wonderful. I came home from work on a Friday evening and the house was dark and quiet – not normal. There were some candles lit and a note on the foyer table. 

"You want to be my sissy slut? Then go take a shower, and put on whatever you find on the bathroom counter. After dressing...go to the basement and beg to be my sissy tonight!"

Fifteen minutes later I arrived in the basement living room wearing a new pair of lacy, silken, women's panties with bowties at the hips and knelt down beside the couch where my wife reclined sipping a glass of wine. She was wearing a new silk bathrobe and a smile. "So, my husband wants me to turn him into a little cock slut...is that right?"

"Oh, please, Susan, I do... I really do!"

"You'll do everything I tell you to do?"

"Yes, honey.. Whatever you want!" I anxiously reply

As my wife, pulls open her robe and reveals a large, perfectly colored, veined, realistic strap on cock in a black leather harness she coolly states, "O.K., then you may start by sucking my cock you sissy slut!" 

I stare in amazement and lust. My own cock is so hard in the panties if feels like it'll break. My wife grips the base of her strap on, lifting it and pointing it in my direction. Then she slaps her large, veined, cock across my lips, cheeks and all over my face. 

"Don't just kneel there and stare – get busy, cocksucker, and suck!" she demands.

I do as instructed and begin to hungrily suck the rubbery cock. She grabs the back of my head. I am so turned on! "That's it, slut, suck it! You love my cock don't you honey?"

"MMMHHHHH" I moan around her beautiful strap on cock. My wife works her strap on in and out of mouth for another twenty minutes coaxing me, taunting me, teaching me about sucking cock. "Honey, you look so sexy sucking my cock – I would love to see you suck a real one!" my wife taunts. My cock jumps in lust. 

Then she bends me over the arm of the couch, lubes my ass and then fucks me hard and fast – just as I imagine a man would. My wife did, indeed, turn me into her little sissy slut. As I came, my wife catches my spurting load in the palm of her hand and then coats her strap on with my own cum before plunging it back into my mouth. My lips are coated with my own sperm as I suck her strap on clean. For the next 2 months, about once a week, I sucked her strap on and took it in my ass. We even went out on dates with her wearing the strap on and making me suck it in a theatre, under the table in a restaurant, and in the car while she was driving. She loved to feed me her strap on cock and I loved sucking it.

My wife and her best girlfriend, Kathy, are very close. I knew that my wife pretty much shared everything with her. Kathy is married to Tom. We occasionally socialized with them. Tom and Kathy were both quite athletic and had converted parts of their home to a gym. They had weights, a treadmill, a hot tub, and even a sauna. Susan would go over to Kathy's to work out, hot tub and sauna about twice a week. Susan and Kathy would sit in the hot tub and sauna naked and Susan loved to tease me about what a nice body Kathy had. I knew that Kathy had seduced Susan and that my wife and Kathy would regularly make love. Susan was blessed with large, firm tits, and Kathy was more lean and muscular. Susan shared with me how much Kathy loved Susan's large tits and hard nipples. Susan had told me that many times, Kathy would just beg to suck Susan's hard nipples. What I didn't know was that Susan had confessed to Kathy all of our latest sex experiences. Kathy was quite aroused about me being submissive and bi-curious and really wanted to watch me suck Susan's strap on and take it the ass. Kathy confessed to my wife that she had always fantasized about watching 2 men together and even told Susan that Tom had admitted he was curious what it would be like to have another man suck his cock or to fuck another man's ass. Tom had told his wife, Kathy, he was curious, but only as the dominant one with another man. 

I am quite sure that once Susan and Kathy had discussed it and realized what a good fit it might be, they began working to bring all four of us together sexually. 

Halloween was coming up and my wife and Kathy had decided we should all go together to the party. As you can expect, my wife worked it out that we were going as a cop and an arrested prostitute and Kathy and Tom were going as a mobster and his girlfriend.

So Halloween night, my wife had rented a limousine and I was dressed in fishnet stockings, panties, bra, leather mini skirt, and a see-thru top. I was wearing make-up and bright red lipstick. My wife was wearing her cop's uniform. On the way to the party, my wife handcuffed my hands behind my back. I was quite aroused being both handcuffed and submissive. I loved wearing the sexy clothes and it only turned me on further that before we left, my wife strapped on her beautiful cock and made me suck it all the way to Tom and Kathy's house. When the limo pulled up to their house, my wife pulled her strap on out of my mouth and pushed it into her uniform pants and zipped up. Tom and Kathy arrived at the limo. Tom was dressed in a nice pin stripped suit and Kathy was wearing a sexy, glamorous dress with no back. My hair was messed from Susan holding my head and apparently my lipstick was smeared. When they got in, Kathy giggled realizing what was probably going on. She pulled out her lipstick and pointed to my lips and then fixed my lipstick. I was embarrassed in front of Tom and Kathy dressed like a slut. 

There was no way I was going to pass as a real woman, but Tom and Kathy teased me all the way to the party of how hot I looked as a slut. Kathy said, "So, Michael, what do we call you tonight? – How about Michelle? If you're available tonight, maybe Tom or some other fella would be willing to shell out a couple of bills for your services tonight" 

We all had a good laugh. As the night wore on and all four of us were drinking - our inhibitions dissolved. Kathy kept teasing me about being a slut and a prostitute. As all four of us sat and drank, Kathy taunted.

"So how much do you charge for anal sex? My boyfriend here, likes ass fucking, but I don't, so how much for a good ass fucking?" she teased. She and Susan had a good laugh. Then Tom surprised me by saying, "Yea, you've got a nice looking little ass in that dress and stockings." I flushed bright red and giggled, but ignored their comments. 

"How about for a blowjob? I would love to see those red lips around Tom's cock – what do you charge for sucking cock?" I looked in shock at Susan and Kathy. They both giggled. Then I look over at Tom – he just kind of smiles knowingly. I shrug it off. 

Just before midnight, Kathy asks again what the cost is for a blowjob. At this point, I'm tired of hearing it and just want the joke to end. I respond this time, "Oh, how about $50 bucks?" Tom grins, and says loudly, "Deal!". Kathy pulls (2) $20s and a $10 dollar bill out and slips it into my bra. 

My wife then giggles and says – "That's sounds like prostitution to me. You're going downtown, missy!" Then she handcuffs my hands behind my back again. We then go outside to the limo. Once inside, Tom says, "O.K, bud, I think you owe me a blowjob!" 

I look at him in total surprise. I hear Kathy and my wife both giggle. "Are you serious?" I respond. "Of course he is, he's paid for it – so I say you'd better complete your end of the deal!" Susan states. "Oh, come on..." I start. "Michael, they know..." Susan simply states. "What...? They know what?" I respond starting to get very uncomfortable. 

"Tom and Kathy know everything, honey. They are both quite turned on by it. They know you like to wear panties and suck my strap on. They know that you are very curious to be a submissive little cock slut. They know you like to eat your own cum and they both are very interested in experimenting further. Michael, honey, I know you really want to taste another man's cock. I want to watch you. I want to see it honey. I want to see you become a cocksucker and cum eater. Will you do it? Will you do it for me? Please?" Susan argues. My shoulders slump. I can't deny any of it. I am sitting in the back of a limo, dressed like a slut, with my hands cuffed behind me. My wife and another couple know all of my darkest secrets. 

"It's cool, I want to....I think it's - you are very sexy. Michael" Tom tells me. Kathy silently starts to stroke the growing bulge in the front of Tom's pants. Susan turns my head to her and begins to deeply kiss me – thrusting her tongue into my painted lips. As she kisses me, she reaches under my leather mini skirt and begins stroking my cock thru my silken panties. "MMMMMMM...." Tom and I both moan in unison as our wives prepare us for gay sex. When I separate from kissing my wife, she gently begins pushing me sideways toward Tom's lap. I look with fear at my wife as my face approaches another man's rigid cock. "It's O.K., baby, I want this, you want this, they want this, just enjoy yourself...suck Tom's cock, my little slut, suck it for me". 

Tom is sitting back in the limo's leather - his arms stretched out, a slight grin on his face. Kathy is on her knees between her husband's legs stroking his beautiful, hard, nine inches of thick cock meat. She is smiling lustfully at me as I turn my head toward her husband's hard cock. Then it happens. My tongue reaches out and touches another man's throbbing cock. I begin licking Tom's stiffness. "OOOOHHHH YEA!" he groans I am licking his hard manhood like it's an ice cream cone. Then I feel his hand on the back of my head pushing my mouth down and over his cock. "MMMMMMMM..." he moans as his cock enters my soft, wet mouth. I swirl my tongue as I begin to suck my first cock. I can feel the heat, the pulsing, of his erection with my lips and tongue. His skin tastes slightly salty, clean, and soft. I realize that I really like the feeling of a hard and throbbing cock in my mouth. I bob up and down, sucking and constantly moving my tongue as I suck cock. 

"Oh, Michael, you look sooo sexy sucking cock! Do it, honey, suck him off – make him feel good. Remember a cocksucker's reward is a hot fresh load of cum to swallow. Are you going to be a good cocksucker and swallow his cum for me?"

I keep up a steady rhythm of sucking and bobbing. "Oh, God, that is so HOT!" Kathy announces as she closely watches me suck her husband's cock. Although I can't see it, my wife is tweaking her hard nipples through her uniform shirt. Kathy is rubbing her clit under her own dress. 

"How does it feel, babe, is he doing a good job? Are you going to cum for him. Feed him baby, Make him eat a huge load – cum in his sissy mouth, Tom, make him your little faggot cocksucker, baby!" Kathy moans as she continues playing with her dripping pussy. 

"Oh, Kath, it feels so good – he's doing a great job, I'm going to cum soon, MMMMMM...that's it, slut, suck my cock – I'm going to cum in your mouth, cocksucker – get ready cause you're going to eat all of my sperm!" 

I moan as I suck his cock. It's so good. I want to taste his sperm. I want to feel it spurt. I want to feel it slide down my throat. I can't wait to swallow his cum. 

"Oh, Tom, do it. Cum in his mouth! Did you hear him, baby, he's going to make you his bitch! Cum in his mouth – fill it, Tom, make my husband your cocksucking slut!" my wife moans.

I bob up and down - my own cock is straining against the panties as I lay on my side in the limo sucking Tom's thick cock. 

"Here it cums, dude, OOOOOOOHHHHHH, Eat it, slut...UGH!!" Tom groans as he begins spurting into my sucking mouth.

He shoots a massive load, filling my mouth as I swallow my first mouthful. He continues spurting, sending cum out of the corners of my mouth. I swallow again. He just keeps spurting, I am swallowing rapidly, but his cum starting oozing and covers my chin, and lips. I lift off of his cock still swallowing another man's salty sperm. Tom has shot a huge load of cum into my mouth. Kathy orgasms as she watches her husband cum in my mouth. Susan begins kissing me lustfully, sharing the remainder of his cum load with me. She is moaning and so am I. Between us, we clean all of the cum from my face and mouth. Shortly after I have swallowed my first load of another man's cum load, we arrive at home. Kathy, Tom, Susan and I go in. The night continues in our bedroom as I am made to suck Tom's cock again to make it hard. As I suck cock again, my wife lubes up my ass and begins ass fucking me with her strap on as Kathy sucks her hard nipples. 

After Tom's is good and hard, he bends me over and begins fucking my ass, doggie style. As I get my first ass fucking, I watch Kathy and Susan make love. They 69, bringing each other to multiple orgasms as Tom fills my ass with his cum. I then fuck my wife with Kathy underneath us sucking my wife's shaved pussy and my balls until I fill my wife with cum and Kathy sucks my load out of my wife's pussy. 

My wife has promised me that we will party with Tom and Kathy again. I smile remembering my first blowjob as the sucker.