 I'm a big fan of the holidays because my slutty sister-in-law tends to fly in for a visit and always tells me a new story about the sexual escapades of my wife Sue.

Well she was over for a summer visit, and one night the three of us were sitting in the hot tub drinking whenever Kim asked Sue a question.

"Have you ever told Ed about New Years Eve at Dave's place?"

"No I haven't," Sue replied.

"I think you should. That would get him in the mood to satisfy both of us," Kim exclaimed.

"Okay," I stated. "What's the story about New Years Eve. Kimmy has been talking about this for years. I'd like to finally hear all about it.

"Okay. Here goes," Sue stated as she told the story of New Years Eve 1999.

Kimmy was dating a football player from WSU that was in my class, and I was just getting over a major breakup. She was invited to an end of the millennium party and wanted me to come along. 

I wasn't overly thrilled that my little sister was very popular at WSU even though she wasn't even a student there. Her sexual exploits gave her almost legendary status. Kim fucked more guys at WSU than I did, and I did everyone at an entire frat house.

I really didn't want to go, considering I was afraid that my ex Derek would be at the party.

"Sue you really need to come to this party. I know for a fact that Derek isn't going. Its just going to be me and Dave and two or three others. We want to have a fun end of the 20th century party, and I though you'd like to come along," Kim stated.

"Oh I guess it beats sitting at home watching Dick Clark ring in the new year."

New Years Eve Kim and I dressed and left for her boyfriend Dave's apartment just off campus. We were the first to arrive and Kim and Dave kissed and he squeezed her ass.

"David! Not here and now," Kim scolded her boyfriend.

I found a place to sit on a couch and watched the build up to the year 2000. I was engrossed in what was on the television that I didn't even see the others invited to the party arrive. There were a total of six of us, three guys and three girls. There was Kimmy and her boyfriend Dave, a classmate Tina and her boyfriend Tony and the backup center on the football team Jed.

I got up and mingled with the group and after a few minutes the doorbell rang. Dave answered the door and paid the pizza guy and we sat on the floor in the living room and ate pizza and drank beer. We were laughing and joking around after we all downed several beers each.

"Does anyone want to play a game?" Dave asked.

"What game do you have in mind?" Tony asked.

"Well how about a card game? Does everyone know how to play black jack?" Dave asked.

"Sure. I think with six of us playing that we need to use two decks of cards," I suggested.

"Great idea Sue," Jed stated.

"Okay, here we go," Dave said and the game started.

I won the first couple of hands, getting black jack on my first hand, then winning with a 20 on the second.

"We need to make this interesting," Kim opined as she threw her cards on the floor. "We need to bet something and liven up the game."

"Well what are you thinking?" I asked.

"Either money, or clothing," Kimmy replied.

"I don't have any fucking money," Jed stated. "I'm just a poor college kid."

"Neither do I," said Tina.

"That settles it," Dave stated, "strip black jack it is. If anyone is uncomfortable with this speak now."

Nobody said a thing and we all just looked at each other as Dave told us the rules.

"Shoes or socks count as one item of clothing, and bracelets, necklaces and watches don't count. Last one with anything on is the winner."

"Lets go!" I shouted.

Dave dealt the first hand of strip blackjack. I wasn't happy like I was before. I got a 6 and an 8 and knew a 14 wasn't safe. I was glad that I wasn't the first to have to decide on taking a hit or holding pat.

"Hit me," Kimmy said. Dave gave her a 9 of spades and she screamed, "Ah fuck! I'm busted" she said and the 9 gave her a 23.

"Take it off, take it off, take it off," we all chanted in unison and Kimmy took her top off even though she could've only taken off her socks. 

Her now erect nipples were straining against her sheer lacy cream colored bra. I saw how all of the guys were staring at her when Dave dealt the next hand. Everyone was being extra cautious this hand, in fact nobody took a card. Dave had 19, Kimmy 18, Tina a 20, Tony had 17, Jed had 17 as well and I lost with a 16.

"Take it off, take it off," they chanted again. I was trying to figure out what to take off then it hit me. I wasn't wearing a bra so why not take the attention away from little sister and show off my titties. I pulled my top off and I noticed the guys jaws almost hit the floor and my perky pear shaped 34Bs were now completely visible. My nipples were fully hard and I could feel myself getting wet between my legs.

The next hand Tina took a card and went over 21 so she stood up and removed her jeans exposing her crotch less purple thong.

"Nice bush!" Dave blurted out and Kimmy smacked his arm.

I looked at Kimmy and Tina and we all winked and without saying anything we hatched our plan.

The next hand Kimmy busted so she pulled off her jeans just leaving her in her bra, panties and socks. Her panties matched her bra, and you could see a wet spot in front of her panties.

I lost the next hand and I took my jeans off leaving me in just my panties. Just then the doorbell rang, and Tina, Kimmy and I ran into the bedroom as Dave answered the door.

"I say we take turn losing and we all get naked then we fuck with the boys," I suggested.

"What are we going to do?" Kimmy asked.

"Once we're all naked, we hug each other and squeeze each others tits. That'll really mess with their minds," I stated.

"I thought the game was over once someone was naked," Kimmy asked.

"Normally is, but I think we should tell them that we want to keep playing until everyone's naked, " I said.

"Okay girls, you can come on out," Dave yelled.

"Who was it?" Kim asked.

"Beer guy. We got another case," Dave replied.

The next hand Tina lost and she took her top off and her breasts were barely contained by her purple bra. It was funny to see the guys adjust their jeans as they all had erections seeing three sexy ladies in various states of dress.

Kimmy lost the next hand, and much to the dismay of the horny guys, she took her socks off. "No fair!" the guys all shouted.

Tina actually got a 21 on the next hand but decided to take a hit and she lost. She reached back and undid her bra holding the cups of her bra in front of her breasts until she put her bra on top of Tony's head. The guys couldn't keep their eyes off Tina's C cup breasts.

Jed and Dave each had a pillow from the couch on their crotches hiding their erections.

Kimmy lost the next round and took her bra off, exposing her small 34A breasts. She then did something that shocked everyone in the room. She leaned over and pinched Tina's nipples, then pinched mine. "Lookie lookie, three different sizes of titties for you guys to drool over."

Tina and I both went over 21 the next hand and we both stood up and took our panties off leaving us buck naked in front of the others. Not to be outdone Kimmy stood up and took hers off. 

"Lets go!" I exclaimed. "You guys are all fully clothed."

Dave dealt another hand and Kimmy deliberately went over and said "Poor me. I guess I need to do something since I lost "

She leaned over towards Tina and kissed her on the lips. Her hands fondled her breasts and Tina rubbed Kimmy's tiny tits as I got in back of Tina and nibbled on her earlobe then my right hand found her soaking wet pussy. I inserted two fingers in her and she leaned back and we kissed as Kimmy started kissing Tina's nipples.

"Mmmmm! Yesss! I'm cumming! Oh fuck!" Tina screamed as she climaxed from my finger play. 

The three of us were lost on what we were doing, almost like in a trance when I felt someone penetrate my soaking wet pussy with a hard cock. I looked back and Jed was fucking me from behind and he cupped my tits as he started thrusting faster and faster. I looked over and saw Tina on her back with her legs wrapped around Tony as he fucked her on the floor.

"Yeah baby!" Dave screamed and I looked over and he was sitting on Kimmy's chest as he was fucking her mouth. "I'm gonna cum!" he screamed and he filled my sister's mouth with his warm sticky cum.

Tina leaned over to Kimmy and they kissed sharing Dave's cum. Jed was pulling on my hair as he fucked me then he let out a grunt and I felt him filling my snatch with his cum.

Tony screamed out and came deep inside of Tina and he collapsed on the floor. I know I wasn't done so I told Tina to stay there and I stuck my cum filled pussy in her face as I licked her pussy clean of Tony's spunk. 

I felt something being rubbed on my anus, and as I ate Tina's pussy someone penetrated my ass with a hard cock. I looked up and tried to determine who was fucking me and I looked at the couch and Kimmy was getting fucked doggy style by Jed while she was sucking Tony's cock. That meant Dave was fucking me from behind. 

Tina climaxed after a couple of minutes of me licking her clit, and I was close and had a massive orgasm just as Dave filled my ass with his seed. 

"Let me clean it!" Tina cried out and I got up and Tina sucked on Dave's semi-erect cock.

I had cum seeping out of my ass and I surveyed the scene. Tina was sitting up sucking Dave's cock and Kimmy had one in her cunt and one in her mouth.

"Happy New Year!" I exclaimed realizing that it was after midnight and now it was the year 2000.

Nobody said a word but kept of fucking and sucking. Tony got hard from Kimmy's expert cocksucking, and he stood up and walked over to me.

"Happy New Year sexy. I wanna be your first in the new century."

With that he picked me up and lowered me on his hard cock and we fucked standing up on the windowsill. My back was cold because it was against the window, and much to my surprise we were in public view as we fucked.

A couple of minutes later the doorbell rang and it was a group of football players wanting to join the party.

I can honestly say that I don't remember much of the rest of the night. If it wasn't for the video that got passed around, I would have never believed that Kim, Tina and I fucked and sucked off a dozen guys on New Years Eve into New Years Day.

I had cum seeping out of my pussy for a day or more. I also soon had more boyfriends than I knew what to do with. I continued to fuck and suck my way through college and really enjoyed my college experience.

"Wow!" was all Ed could say after I finished my story.

Kimmy and I ganged up on my hubby and we stayed in the bedroom for the rest of the week that Kimmy was visiting.

I've hooked up with some of my old classmates at college reunions, but those stories are for another time.