 On New Year's eve of 1997 I experienced the most exciting sexual event of my life and I have never been the same since. A dull, boring lifestyle has been replaced with one of unceasing erotic pleasures. But I get ahead of myself, let me go back six months to tell you how this all unfolded.

It started last year with an invitation to a New Year's party hosted by my wife's boss. My wife, Joslyn, is a paralegal at a prestigious law firm here in Miami. Joslyn is a tall redhead, 5' 9", and has retained her shapely figure even after 15 years of marriage and two kids. Joslyn's boss is a gorgeous but icy beauty named Eleanor who has a reputation as one of the toughest divorce attorneys in town. She must be tough because she has gone through three husbands and gotten rich in the process. I've often wondered what kind of woman really was underneath her ice queen demeanor, store-bought but spectacular breasts and long legs.

I even began to visualize myself seducing her, breaking down her coldness in the process. In fact, I had begun to fantasize more and more about other women as Joslyn and I seemed to have sex only once in a blue moon. Lately, Joslyn seemed to need to work late almost every night of the week, leaving little time for intimacy. She would come in at 11 or 12 at night, hair mussed, wearing smeared make-up and go immediately to sleep with no explanation for her late hours other than "working on a case". As the party date approached I felt less and less enthusiastic about spending New Year's eve with a frigid wife and a bunch of stuffed-shirt attorneys. Boy, was I in for a surprise. The party went along as expected, full of dull, repetitive legal talk, until many of the guests began to leave at about one a.m.

I looked to Joslyn to see whether she was also ready to go when I heard a voice behind me say, "Why don't you two stay for the party after the party? I'm sure you will find it interesting."

I turned to face Eleanor, the ice queen herself, who shocked the hell out of me by grazing her hand over my crotch as she walked by. I turned to Joslyn with a quizzical look that was greeted by a coy smile. What's going on here, I wondered? My question was soon to be answered as the remaining guests, about 15 in all, were summoned into the game room at Eleanor's mansion and told to take a seat at the long table that occupied most of the room.

Something was up here, I thought, as the rest of the guests (including Joslyn!) seemed right at home with the strange proceedings. Joslyn shushed my questions as she and I were the last ones to enter the room and be seated. With the lights down so dim, I couldn't recognize anyone except the ice queen who stood at the end of the long table. When we were seated and a carafe of wine was passed around Eleanor spoke to us stating, "We have a new addition to our group tonight. For those of you that haven't met him, say hello to Joslyn's hubby Bill". All the attention in the room was on me.

"What the hell...?, I said to Joslyn who silenced me again, this time with a quick poke in the ribs.

As I looked around the table and my eyes adjusted to the light, I began to inventory the guests. Across from me I saw Rick Turner, the law office's resident playboy whose exploits were well known. Next to him was Amanda Somebody-or-Other, another paralegal in her early fifties whose bleached-blond hair was almost white and was waist length. It seems this was an equal-opportunity party as several black men and women were sprinkled among the guests at the table.

On the other side of Rick was one of the firm's tax attorneys, Sherry Adams, who had caramel-colored skin to go with her Bahamian accent. Alongside Sherry was her husband Reggie who was rumored to have a cock long enough to make him porn movie material. Before I could identify anyone else, Eleanor asked all the women to stand up and take off their clothes. To my total surprise, the women, including Joslyn, complied as if this were an everyday request. Eleanor handed each woman a gift-wrapped package telling them it was their 'uniform' for the rest of the night. I could feel my erection begin to grow as each one opened their package and tried on their surprise. Each woman was soon dressed in a teddy with g-string, garter belts and fishnet stockings. Each outfit was identical except for the color.

Joslyn looked dynamic in a green outfit that showed nothing to leave to the imagination. Amanda had on a totally black teddy that was a stunning contrast to her snow-white hair while Sherry sported a solid white outfit that made her ebony skin look more delicious. The only woman not in a teddy was Eleanor. She was wearing the skin-tight evening gown she had on all evening. My mind began to wonder just what lurked beneath the expensive dress and jewelry. When the women were dressed (or undressed if you prefer) Eleanor told them to leave the room and "go back to the bedrooms in the back of the house like we agreed before". Sooo, this had been planned all along and I seemed to be the only one not in on the planning.

When whatever was about to unfold was over, Joslyn had some explaining to do about her recent long hours and mystery whereabouts. As the women left the room Eleanor addressed the men at the table. "Well studs," she said, "all of you except Bill know the rules of the game. Let's take a moment and explain them to him." Eleanor proceeded to tell me that the men at the table would draw names to see which bedroom they would go to.

Each room contained at least one of the women from the party and that woman would be the man's sex partner for one hour. At the end of the hour the men would stay in the rooms and the women would have their choice of sex partners. As Eleanor passed around a bowl with slips of paper in it my mind wandered, wondering which of the women at the table I would end up fucking. I didn't have long to wait; on my slip of paper was written simply 'the master bedroom'. As I opened the double doors to the master bedroom I was greeted with the sight of a canopied, four poster bed.

A closer look showed me that the bed was empty. Had I been shortchanged? Was this just a joke to get my dick hard? I walked over to the bed and looked around the room. My reflection in a wall-size mirror was the only thing I could see. Just then, from the closet I heard two voices yell out "Surprise!" in unison. The voices were followed by their owners, Amanda and Sherry.

"Bet you thought you had lost out", said Sherry in her lilting accent.

"You won the prize", said Amanda, "You get two for the price of one." I had hit the jackpot. For the next hour I would be alone with a beautiful salt and pepper pair of lovelies. As quickly as we could, the three of us jumped on the bed and began to explore each other's bodies. I wanted to experience my first contact with black pussy and I pulled Sherry's g-string off and began tonguing her moist clitoris.

She responded by thrusting her hips at me in sync with my tongue action. In no time I had her completely captivated and I could taste the sweet tang of her orgasms as she succumbed to my every move. Amanda was not one to be left out of the action. She swooped down on my erect cock and took every inch of it into her warm mouth. Up and down on my shaft she licked and sucked as if this were the last dick on earth. As a mature woman she knew how to bring me just to the point of climax and then hold back my orgasm, which she did over and over.

After a while I wanted something different and I had my two ladies kneel side-by-side on the bed doggie-style as I inserted my dick first into one and then the other, switching as each woman climaxed. Their screams of delight must have rocked the house and I felt like a super stud at my new-found ability to bring these beautiful women to this height of sexual pleasure. Finally, I could hold back no longer and I threw Sherry on her back and began fucking her exclusively. I fondled her enormous ebony breasts as Amanda and I shared deep passionate kisses with her. When I came it was like an atomic explosion and I quickly filled her vagina with my hot cum. I lay on my back exhausted as I watched Amanda and Sherry insert their fingers in Sherry's pussy and slurp down every last drop of my cum.

I must have fallen asleep for who knows how long because when I awakened the room was deserted. Amanda and Sherry had gone on to some new pleasures. I left the master bedroom and walked to the first door on the right, opened it and looked inside. The room was pitch dark but there on the bed in the corner I could see two men and the outline of a woman. One of the men turned to me and invited me in.

It was Reggie and next to him was his brother Derek. As I approached the bed I could see that Reggie's reputation as a cocksman was well-earned. His cock must have been at least nine inches long! As Derek turned to me I could see that he too was well-endowed. Both men must have been of west African ancestry as their skin color was coal-black and they blended in with the black satin sheets on the bed. The snow-white skin of the woman who was the object of their desire contrasted sharply with their blackness but I could barely make her out as she was intent on filling every one of her orifices with those giant black cocks.

Reggie said to me, "Come see our sexy white bitch, man. She can't get enough of black cock. Derek and I have been fucking her regularly for months now. Last week she gang-banged seven black men in one evening. She is a sexual dynamo."

At that the woman on the bed took one black cock out of her mouth, released the other from her pussy and leaned forward so I could see her. It was my wife Joslyn!

"Hello, Bill", Joslyn said. "I guess you caught me, tee-hee. I love you dearly but I can't get my fill of Reggie and Derek and their friends".

Okay, I thought, what was good for the goose is good for the gander as I remembered Sherry's caramel tits, pussy and vibrant lips pressed against my body. I took a seat and watched as Joslyn proceeded to put on a show that would make a porno movie director proud. Kneeling over Reggie, she lowered herself onto his cock and then arched her body as Derek jammed his cock in with Reggie's. A double penetration in her pussy! And it was my wife who was being penetrated like this was an everyday occurrence.

Well, I reflected, after what I have learned tonight it probably was something she did everyday. The late hours, mussed hair and make-up all made sense now. I left them to their pleasures and decided to look in another room. Down the hall I opened the door to another bedroom and blinked twice as my mind did not first believe what my eyes had seen.

There in the room, naked and tied in a standing position, was the ice queen herself, Eleanor. Not only that but a blond female companion of about eighteen or nineteen stood before her wearing a strap-on dildo and Rick Turner stood to the side with a velvet tasseled whip. Eleanor's pussy was shaved clean and she obviously enjoyed being trussed-up like a prisoner. The blond, whose name I later learned was Erika, grabbed Eleanor and began thrusting her strap-on dick into Eleanor's waiting pussy.

They went at for about five minutes until Eleanor's back arched and she exploded into a series of orgasms, actually fainting at the last one. Rick then commanded Erika to suck his dick which she did with great gusto. Noticing my prescence for the first time, Rick invited me to take Eleanor in any way I wanted. I untied her and carried her to the bed where I revived her by slowly licking and sucking her pussy with long sensuous strokes.

As she awakened, she seemed startled but when she saw it was me she then relaxed saying, "Oh Bill, I had hoped you and I could be together tonight." We fucked slowly and built to a grand conclusion with us both climaxing together. As I released Eleanor to sleep again, Erika came forward and licked my shaft clean of my jism and Eleanor's pussy juices.

With the ice queen asleep at our side, Rick fucked Erika in her ass while I drove my revived cock into her pussy. Erika proved to be up to the challenge and she matched us move for move. Rick and I finished the night by cumming in Erika's mouth and she lapped up every drop. It's now six months later as I write this and, as I said in the introduction, mine and Joslyn's lives are changed forever. We have an openness now about our sexual needs and wants and take great pains to make sure the other is always satisfied. We see Reggie, Sherry and Derek at least once a week for erotic pleasures. Sherry has introduced me to several of her friends who have a yearning for interracial sex with a white man. Just last week I fucked three black women at one time and luxuriated in being surrounded by their ebony beauty.

As for Joslyn, she can't get through the week without tasting black cock and I have made a video of her being gang-banged by eleven black men. Eleanor retains her icy demeanor at work but after-hours she changes into a completely different person. Rick and I fucked her and Erika repeatedly last month for an entire weekend. What's next in store for us? Whatever happens is fine with me.