 Walt had finished his singles match and was seated in the lounge area enjoying a cold beer. The club owners Jack and Tamara were gracious enough to always have a keg of beer on hand for the members. Walt was 26 years old, single and self-employed. He stood at 6'2" and weighed 190 pounds. His body was chiseled and he looked more like a linebacker than a tennis player. He had light brown hair with chilling hazel eyes. Minutes later he was joined by two of the club's beauties Dana and Denise who had finished their doubles match with Susie and Heather. 

Dana, the club manager, was 25 years old and she was an auburn haired beauty. She stood at 5'5" tall weighed about 110 pounds and was blessed with a 36-23-36 figure. She and her husband Steve had been married just two years. Dana got the club manager's job because of her close relationship with the owners Jack and Tamara Smith. She was hired because of her attractiveness and her bubbly personality. It also helped that she had casual sex with both Jack and Tamara.

Denise was a pretty blonde girl who could pass for Dana's sister at least in the figure department. They were carbon copies of each other with great tits, narrow waist, firm tummy, shapely legs and killer asses. Denise kept hair cut short in a DA style. She had bedroom blue eyes and she loved sex in any form. Denise had been married to her husband Dick for almost four years and they relied on sex outside the marriage to keep each other satisfied. 

Dana and Denise poured a beer for themselves and sat down in the lounge with Walt. He smiled at them and quickly recalled the great sex he had had with both of them. They loved his big cock and they would take it in any of their holes. Both women had fabulous asses and Walt loved fucking them in the ass. "So where are the guys tonight?" he inquired.

"Steve's out of town and will be back on Sunday," Dana replied.

Steve, Dana's husband, was 33 years old and he stood at 5'7". He was stocky and weighed in at 185 pounds. Steve had the average 6" cock but he was not put off by the bigger cocks of other members in the club. He was a successful salesman and traveled quite frequently in his job, however, he never had to worry about Dana getting enough loving when he was out of town

"Dick and Mike went up north to the Cleveland area. They are playing in a tournament up there," Denise shared.

Dick was 32 years old and Denise was 25 years old. Dick was 5'10" tall and weighed about 180 pounds. He had light brown hair that he liked to keep curled and he had light brown eyes to match. Dick was an excellent tennis player and he teamed with his best friend Mike to rule the club in men's doubles. Dick loved anal sex and he would fuck any girl's ass he could.

Mike was 6'4" weighed about 180 pounds and was built like a tennis player. He had dark curly brown hair, dark brown eyes and he was always very tan. He spent a lot of time under the sun lamp. Mike had a very slender 8" cock and the women loved it. At the age of 28 he was single and worked as free-lance writer.

"So you two are all by your lonesome then."

"Well we hope not for long. What are your plans for tonight?"

"I was going to head over to the pub and see who was there but I could be persuaded otherwise."

"Can Dana and I come over to your place? I would love to use the Jacuzzi."

"Sure, I would love to be with you two tonight. What happened to Susie and Heather?"

"Susie had to get back to the restaurant and Heather was going straight home," Dana responded.

Tommy Wong and his wife Susie were also members at the club who had openly engaged in sex with the staff and other members. Tommy and his wife, owned the local Chinese restaurant, where many of the members and staff dined or picked up take out. Tommy was a fit 5'4" and Susie was a cute 5'3". Tommy had a small slim dick and he loved anal sex. Susie was not into anal at all even with her husband's rice dick as she called it. Susie liked big cocks and she loved to suck them and have them fill her pussy. Naked she looked like a porcelain doll with her tiny tits and small curvy ass.

"I wonder if we will ever get Heather to let her hair down," Walt questioned.

Heather was stunning and looked somewhat regal. She stood at 5'11" and probably weighed about 140 pounds. She had dark brown hair that was cut just above her shoulders and she had a knockout 38-28-38 figure. Heather had long gorgeous legs and something that tall girls normally don't have, a marvelous round curvy ass. 

"You mean her panties don't you?" Denise added and they all laughed.

"Yeah, I would like to tap that."

"I think she is the only woman in the club that you haven't had yet," Dana offered.

"I wouldn't go that far but I would definitely like to have a crack at her ass."

"She seems very married to Nick," Denise observed.

Nick was an average looking guy at 6'0" and 175 pounds. He had dark curly hair and was fit from playing tennis. Nick was 28 years old and Heather was 26 years old and they both worked at the same insurance company.

"I wonder. Nick does have a roving eye and he seems infatuated with Susie," Dana shared.

"It does seem he has a case of yellow fever but I bet he would love being with either one of you."

"Maybe that's the way to Heather. We seduce Nick and fix him up with Susie. Once Heather finds out she might be receptive to another sex partner." Denise agreed.

"The guys are gone tomorrow night too. Let's see if we can get Nick to party with us." Dana suggested.

"I'll call him and ask him to play mixed doubles and afterward, I'll leave it to you girls."

"Sounds like a plan. Now let's go to your place and get naked in the Jacuzzi," Denise chuckled.

The three of them finished their beers and headed to Walt's home. He was already semi-hard when he arrived home just thinking about the two beauties. He loved being naked with them and having anal foreplay in the Jacuzzi. He knew he would be in their bottoms again before the night was over and he dearly loved anal sex with them.

THE REST OF THE PLAYERS

Jack and Tamara Smith owned the tennis club but they spent most of their time away from it. They had hired Dana as the club manager, Meagan as the daytime receptionist, Tom and Carla Jenkins as the teaching pros along with some other staff. Jack and Tamara were both in their late forties and they had been both successful in real estate. Jack was a handsome man at the age of 48. He was 5'11" and weighed about 185 pounds with a little bit of a spread. He did stay active and for the most part stayed in shape. Tamara was 46 years old and also in good shape. She was a bleached blonde with a 35-25-36 figure. Her tits had a little sag to them but not bad. Jack and Tamara were affectionately called, "the dirty old man,' and "the dirty old woman," by the staff and members at the club.

Tom and Carla Jenkins were a cute husband and wife team who looked more like brother and sister. Tom was 5'6" tall and weighed about 160 pounds. He was fit from all his years as a tennis player and teaching pro. Jack had hired him as the head pro at the club. Tom had brown hair that he liked to wear long which is why he resembled his wife. Carla was also 5'6" but she only weighed 115 pounds and she like to braid her brown hair. She too was in shape and maintained her 32-22-34 figure. Tom was effeminate looking and at times his mannerisms were more like a girl's than a guy's.

Meagan was a 29 year old divorcee who worked as the daytime receptionist. She had long blonde hair and she was the subject of many blonde jokes. Unfortunately Meagan was not the sharpest tack in the box and many of the jokes were appropriate. She was an attractive girl in her own way as she was not beautiful. She weighed about 120 pounds which was good for her 5'6" height. Meagan had a cute figure with the bumps in the right place. There wasn't anything she wouldn't do sexually and in the two years that she had worked there, she had had more cock and pussy than anyone else. Meagan was so obedient that one could say that she could have been easily dominated. Any time Dana was horny she could call Meagan into the office and have Meagan eat her pussy. 

Carol was an out of the closet lesbian. At the age of 27 she cut a cute figure and kept herself very fit. She was an excellent tennis player and she had teamed up with Walt to play mixed doubles. She liked Walt as he accepted her for what she was and he never looked down on her. Carol was 5'6" and weighed about 110 pounds. She had small firm tits, nice legs and a very cute bottom. She owed it to Walt how she had gotten involved with the female members and some of the staff. She had been hanging out with Walt after a mixed doubles match with other couples at the Pub. Carol had felt out of place and was about to leave when Walt told her to stick around and she would probably get to eat some pussy. Later she, Walt and Dana went to Denise and Dick's place and his prophecy came true. Not only did Carol get to eat the two beautiful women, Denise and Dana, but they returned the favor. Since then Carol became a regular at the group sex and orgy sessions.

Ashley was a member who Mike was fucking on a regular basis. She was a cute blonde with a slender figure. She had been a figure skater and now at the age of 30 she was teaching skating at the local ice arena. As a figure skater she had that well-toned body with great legs and a firm bubble butt ass. Mike loved Ashley's ass and he loved to slide his long slim cock all the way up her asshole. On one occasion Mike fucked her ass cumming four times before he pulled out as he managed to stay hard the entire time. Ashley had begged off the last orgy at the club but Mike had her convinced to attend the next one.

SEDUCING NICK

Walt suspected that Nick fucked around outside his marriage and he was sure that he could persuade Nick to join him at Dana's place. It was all part of a plan that Walt had to get Nick and his wife Heather to the tennis club orgy coming up. He felt that if he could get Nick hooked on Dana and Denise then Nick would be open to swinging with them as couples. He was convinced that he could seduce Heather once she knew that Nick was into swinging.

Walt, Mike and Dick had observed Heather at the club many times and they all agreed that they would like to fuck her silly. Heather seemed aloof to any advances by other men so Walt was convinced that the way to her pussy and ass was through her husband Nick. Also known to Walt at that time was that Nick was enamored with Tommy's wife Susie. Nick just loved the way that Susie resembled a fragile porcelain doll. Walt approached Nick about partying with Dana and Denise and Nick was blown away. He couldn't believe that he would actually get a chance to fuck those two beauties.

That night after mixed doubles at Dana's house everyone got more acquainted with Nick as they drank wine. Nick was nervous and anxious at the same time as he looked forward to fucking Dana and Denise. Dana and Denise drilled Nick about Heather and they learned that she was not a swinger and had never had sex with another woman. Dana and Denise had often looked at Heather as another woman they would like to bed but they had never approached her. They felt that after they had pleasured Nick they would be able to talk him into bringing her to the tennis party. Finally it was time to play and Dana invited them to her bedroom. 

Clothes were quickly dispensed with and the four of them got on the king size bed with both girls on their back. Walt got between Dana's legs and Nick got between Denise's legs. Nick slid his cock easily into Denise's sopping wet pussy and the two of them began to rock back and forth. Walt eased his long thick cock into Dana's tight cunt and worked it slowly until he was balls deep in her pussy. Dana had not been so full since the last time he fucked her and she swore that she could feel every ridge and vein on his cock touch her vaginal wall. Dana gasped as he hit bottom.

Dana and Denise were so hot that they both had mild orgasms when the cocks first entered them and rubbed against their clits. Denise was working Nick's cock now and she really knew how to fuck. Denise had her legs wrapped around Nick's torso and she humped her hips at him and kept her clit in constant contact with her clit. Nick could feel the friction of his cock rubbing her clit and the contractions from Denise's pussy.

Dana on the other hand had a hard time moving as she was so stuffed with cock. Walt was doing a marvelous job of bringing her from one climax to another as he pounded his cock deep into her pussy. His cock never lost contact with her clit and Dana came so much that Walt's cock moved easily now in her soaked pussy. Dana was grunting and groaning as she went through multiple orgasms. Her last one was the most intense one she had ever had and it was brought on when Walt fired a barrage of cum into her. Dana felt the warm liquid flood her innards like he had before. No one but Walt had ever cum that much in her. 

Denise and Nick tensed up next to them and Nick shot his load into Denise's cunt as she too experienced yet another orgasm. Denise couldn't wait until she sampled Walt's big cock. The two guys rolled off the girls and lay next to them on the bed. Denise slid down and took Walt's wet soft cock in her mouth and sucked it clean of Dana's and Walt's cum. Dana lay there with her body still quivering from the intense fuck session. Nick smiled down at her and then moved between her legs. 

Walt was soon hard again and Denise mounted his cock emitting a gasp as she slid all the way down on it. She began to move her hips and clench her buttocks as she fucked his big cock. Nick watched her hot ass and then he decided to test the water. He grabbed the lube and applied it generously to his cock. He knelt behind Denise and fingered her asshole applying lube to it as well. Denise just kept on fucking Walt as she knew what was coming.

"Come on get your cock in there," Denise yelled back at Nick.

Nick pushed forward and his cock slid right into her asshole. Denise had obviously been butt fucked before but Nick wondered if she had ever been double fucked. Denise was ecstatic with two cocks in her and she thrust her hips wildly fucking both cocks. The three of them were humping each other with abandon now. Walt would thrust his hips up driving his cock deep into her pussy as Denise slammed her cunt down on his cock causing Nick's cock to slide almost out of her ass. Then Denise pushed back against Nick and his cock filled her asshole as she lifted herself off of Walt's cock. Walt made sure that his cock did not leave Denise's cunt. The three of them pounded each other as Dana watched. It was exciting to watch her girlfriend get skewered in both holes. Denise tensed her body as it was rocked with a massive orgasm.

"Oh sweet Jesus, I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Please hold me, hold me!" she cried out as her body shook with tremors from the intensity of her orgasm.

Nick shot his load deep into her ass as he shoved his cock in as far as it would go. Denise's ass muscles milked Nick's cock of his cum as if her ass had a mind of its own. Walt stiffened below her and flooded her cunt with his spunk. Denise felt his cock throbbing in her pussy as rope after rope of cum bounced off her vaginal walls. Denise collapsed on top of Walt as he held her tightly to him. He could feel her hard sharp nipples pressing into his chest. Nick knelt back and caressed Denise's shapely ass. He massaged her ass cheeks and toyed with her bung hole as his cum trickled out it.

"God, I love being fucked like that," Denise gasped.

Denise then rolled off of Walt and lay on her back with cum oozing from her pussy and asshole. Dana looked at her and she had never seen her girlfriend look so sexy. Dana had fingered herself during the threesome fuck but she had not yet got off. Denise saw her frantically frigging herself so she rolled over and put her mouth on Dana's pussy. Denise loved to eat pussy especially Dana's and she loved to make Dana cum in her mouth. Dana welcomed Denise's mouth on her pussy even though so wasn't sure how Nick would react. 

Denise picked up her pace as she licked and sucked Dana's firm swollen clit while her fingers entered her pussy and located and stroked her G-spot. Then Denise shoved a moistened finger into Dana's ass. Dana climaxed as her body bowed up and her pussy slammed against Denise's mouth. Denise felt Dana's pussy and asshole clamp down on her fingers as Dana screamed out her passion. Suddenly Denise felt that familiar gush of juice against her lips and she quickly moved her mouth down a little to let it squirt into her mouth. Denise popped her finger out of Dana's ass causing her to squirt again.

"Oh, yes make me cum. Make me cum. I'm so hot. Please!" Dana cried out as her entire body lifted off the bed and collapsed.

"Nice show girls," Walt quipped.

The girls were ready to fuck and suck some more. The foursome started out in a daisy chain like position where Walt ate Dana pussy as Dana sucked Nick's cock. Nick ate Denise's pussy as she sucked Walt's cock. They stayed like this until they were aroused and ready to pair off. Denise wanted Walt to fuck her doggy style so she got on all fours with her head on the bed and her ass pointed in the air. Walt slipped his cock into her hot pussy and began to fuck her from behind.

Dana decided that she too wanted to be fucked doggy style, so she and Nick assumed a similar position. The two women were side by side on their knees with their faces turned toward each other on the bed. They reached out and held hands as the two cocks pounded their pussies from behind. Nick massaged Dana's shapely ass as he fucked her pussy and let his finger trail over her anus tickling it at the same time. Dana had a sensitive ass and she loved to be butt fucked. 

Walt already had a finger in Denise's bung hole and she liked it as he rubbed his cock through her thin membrane. Denise was groaning softly with the double penetration and Walt's finger felt almost as big as Nick's cock. Denise could feel another orgasm building in her loins as Walt slid his huge cock in and out of her pussy. She reached for her clit and pinched it slightly as she climaxed again. Denise's body shook with her orgasm and she felt Walt hold onto her hips so that she didn't pull off of his cock.

Denise shot her juice all over her fingers as she stroked her pussy. Her ass felt fuller and she knew what happened. Denise realized that Walt was holding her hips with both hands with his cock in her ass. Nick had inserted one of his fingers in Dana's asshole and she seemed to be okay with it as he fucked her pussy thoroughly. Dana too had reached for her clit as Nick's cock fucked her pussy. Nick moved his finger around in her rectum and she could feel his finger and cock rub together through the thin membrane separating her passages. 

Walt continued to press his cock deeper into Denise's ass and Denise surprised herself as always with her ability to take it. Walt was gentle as he fed her a little at a time and then stopped to allow her to adjust to his size. He was patient as it took quite a while before he was able to really start fucking her ass. Denise's body was tense and she found herself holding her breath. Walt whispered to her and told her to breathe and relax. Then she felt his cock begin to saw in and out of her tight asshole. Denise laughed at her apprehension and then relaxed. She let herself breathe then her fingers dug into her own pussy and diddled her clit. 

Dana was experiencing yet another orgasm as Nick's cock pounded her pussy from behind and her fingers danced all over her pussy and clit. Dana tensed briefly and then thrust her hips with the intensity of her orgasm. Just as Walt had done to Denise, Nick did to Dana. He seized the moment of her orgasms and slipped his cock into her ass. Dana felt an increased pressure in her rectum as she was climaxing but she couldn't stop her body from thrashing about. As she did thrash about she further impaled herself on Nick's cock. Nick was stroking his cock all the way in and out of her hot ass now and Dana just relaxed and let herself be butt fucked.
