 It had been nearly two years since I lost my wife to a drunk driver. Dating at twenty is a bitch, dating at fifty... well, let's not go there. I had a lot of friends, and that helped, but to be honest, porn and hand jobs were no replacement for the twice a week sex I was used to for the last twenty five years. 

As I said, dating at fifty is a bitch, there aren't too many choices in a small town, even a college town like the one where I teach. I've been with the university for over twenty five years, but have only been teaching for a few. Tina, one of our new faculty, only having been here less than two years, felt a bit sorry for me, I think, and was always trying to find me dates and such. I'd consider dating her if it weren't for the fact that she's half my age. She is very good looking, being of mixed heritage, she has the dark straight black hair and olive skin of her oriental mother, but the regular American facial structure. She also had larger than normal breasts, for an oriental, filling out easily at a 40 DD, which makes her proportions a bit odd with her tiny twenty eight inch waist. We chat frequently, talking about her adjustment to coming here, and of course the lousy prospects for dating... for both of us.

One of the many things faculty get involved in is sponsoring student groups of various types. In her case she agreed to be the faculty sponsor for one of the sorority houses in town, Zeta Tau Alpha, or Zeta's as they like to be called, mostly because she was an alumnus. It's one of the larger sorority houses, with two buildings, a south, containing the freshmen and sophomores, and the somewhat plusher north house for the junior and seniors. The north house also has the large meeting rooms and is generally where parties are held, although I have been told that some parties are restricted to only those young ladies that are over eighteen. Tina has frequently told me of some of the antics of the girls, and I often wonder how they stay out of trouble.

Christmas was on its way, and as usual there were parties all around campus, most of them scheduled for the last week or so before the students all disappeared for break. Tina stopped by my office one morning and asked if I had any plans the following week. Of course I didn't, except for grading tests and such.

"Good! I have a proposition for you. If you do me a favor I'll do you one." She asked

"That's a dangerous thing to ask... I might ask you for a favor that you don't want to do!" I replied with a grin.

"I doubt that!" she grinned back. "So how about it, will you do me a huge favor?"

I shrugged. What kind of a favor could she ask me to do that would be a problem? I figured it was a pretty safe gamble. "As long as it's not another blind date. Sure."

"Great!" she cried with a huge grin, practically jumping up and down, making her huge tits bounce rhythmically. "I knew I could count on you!"

I pulled myself under my desk a tad farther so she wouldn't notice the huge bulge in my pants before asking... "So what is this favor I'm doing you?"

"You're going to play Santa for the sorority Christmas party!" 

"WHOA Stop one second there little lady... I may be old and fat, but Santa?... For a bunch of twenty year olds?"

"Come on... You promised." She said with a pout. "Besides, I never said you were old or fat. Hell, if you hadn't told me, I wouldn't know how old you were." Then she leaned on the edge of my desk, her tits hanging farther out into my view, encased in her knit shirt. "Besides. That bulge you keep trying to hide under the desk when I come talk to you doesn't say your too old yet. You just need to find the right woman to share it with!" she finished seductively.

"And you know who this fabled right woman is?" I asked.

"No, but I'm sure we'll find her one of these days!" she said brightly as she stood back up. "Now, don't worry about the suit, I'll have it all taken care of." She said as she turned to go. "Oh yeah. I almost forgot. It's this Friday!" she said over her shoulder before disappearing out my door.

What in the hell had I just gotten myself into. It's hard enough to be around this place, not ever getting any sex, and have these half dressed little nymphs walking around driving you crazy, but to be at a party with them? Good lord what had I done???? 

The week went by much to quickly... In many ways I would have preferred Friday to not come at all, but eventually it did, no matter how much I protested.

"Ready for tonight?" Tina asked sticking her head in the door.

"Do I have to?" 

She stepped into the door, she was wearing a button down shirt covered with a sweater. She leaned against the door with her back and her hands behind her, letting her sweater fall apart to expose the front of her shirt, and the straining buttons. "You're not going to back out now are you?" she questioned.

"I'm really not sure I'm the one for this job." I replied honestly.

She walked over to my desk and knelt down in the chair I keep next to it for students that come to talk to me. "We've been friends for almost two years. You're one of the few people that have honestly tried to help me get settled. Most of the younger guys here just want to get into my shirt or my pants. You haven't though, even though I know that I turn you on."

"I never said you turned me on." I said somewhat defensively.

"Hell Mike! Look at your pants. You can't tell me that I didn't cause that bulge... Or the ones you get damn near every time I come in here!"

I blushed and tried to pull myself under my desk a bit farther, wondering if my dick getting hard could be considered sexual harassment. "Sorry." I mumbled.

"Good lord! Don't be sorry. I'm flattered. You're not bad looking. I can tell you stay in shape. We just have to find a good woman for you that can appreciate that."

"Good luck out here. There just aren't that many my age. I mean, hell, look at you. Even you wouldn't go out with me." I blurted out.

"I never said that." Tina replied, turning a bit red herself now. "Anyway... that's not the point. The point is that you're going to help me out tonight, right?"

"Yes, I'll help you out." I said resigning myself to being tortured. "But you're going to owe me bigtime!"

"Great!" she said leaning over to give me a quick kiss on the cheek. "You're the greatest. Meet me at the sorority house not later than seven, ok?"

"Ok." I said as she walked out the door with a wave of her hand. Lord what had I done to deserve this?

Seven o'clock came and found me sitting in my car outside the sorority house. I really wasn't too sure about this, but I had promised. I got out and walked up to the door wearing pair of kaki pants, my silk t-shirt and Swede sport coat. I was about to knock when the door opened and I was greeted by a blond haired coed wearing an almost microscopic skirt and white turtleneck.

"Hi. I'm looking for Tina." I said to her.

"Sure! Just a moment." She answered with a huge smile before turning around and calling loudly for Tina.

It took a few seconds for her to come to the door, but what I saw was absolutely stunning. She was wearing a bright red dress that accentuated her great tits and contrasted her shoulder length black hair beautifully. The dress was sleeveless, with a turtleneck and form fit her body all the way down over her shapely hips and continued in a flowing skirt portion that came about half way down her thighs. She had absolutely fantastic looking legs in red stockings, all supported by a pair of red high heels. I had never seen her dressed this way and I had to admit I was floored. After two years of mostly professional dress, this is the first time I have seen her with her hair let down, so to speak.

"Are you going to come in, or stand there with your jaw hanging open all night?" she asked with a huge smile.

"Come in of course." I said, finally closing my mouth. "You look...GEORGOUS!" I finally got out as she looped her arm around mine and led me into the house.

"I'm glad you approve!" she said hugging my arm as she hugged my arm. "I wore it special for you." She whispered. "But don't tell the girls, they'll make a big deal of it."

"I won't say a word." I whispered back as she led me into a large room that was full of girls in all sorts of outfits, mostly dressy, but a few casual. The one thing that I didn't see on the dance floor was a single guy, which definitely struck me odd. "No guys?" I asked Tina as she led me into the room.

"Not this party. This is the girls Christmas party. Sorority girls only for this one."

"Oh, I see." I said, not sure I really did.

"So... Are you going to ask me to dance?" Tina asked quietly.

"Well, I certainly would, but I'm afraid I don't do much dancing to this fast stuff. If there were something a bit slower..."

"That we can solve!" she said brightly as she led me across the floor to the young lady that was running the CD player. She let go of my arm long enough to whisper something to the girl and then took my arm again. With a grin the young lady pulled a package of CD's out and changed the song playing from the fast number to a much slower piece. "No excuse now." Tina said, squeezing my arm again.

"That seems to be true... Would you care to join me in a dance?" I asked her in my best gentlemanly fashion.

"Why sir... It would be my pleasure!" she responded before breaking out in a laugh that made her chest jiggle enticingly. We stepped out onto the dance floor and several girls made room for us as I wrapped an arm around Tina and pulled her close, starting to dance a slow waltz step. We danced about half the tune before she put her arms around my neck and pulled her body against mine, squishing her huge tits into my chest. "This is nice." She purred as she laid her head on my shoulder. "I can't remember the last time someone danced this way with me."

"I'm glad you like it. I have to admit that I'm really enjoying it too. You feel pretty fantastic to me too." I whispered loud enough for her to hear me over the music. She responded by hugging herself even closer to me. To my surprise the CD girl played not one more, but two more slow songs, all of which I really enjoyed, before returning to a faster tune.

"I'm afraid that takes care of the dancing." I said to Tina as she pulled away from me with the change in music.

"Why?" She said. "You're not old and broken."

"I'm afraid I don't really know how." I said with a shrug.

"Well, we can solve that. Just do what I do!" she said over the loud music, taking my hands and trying to teach me to move to the faster beat. It wasn't graceful, but I got the hang of it and soon had not only Tina, but a number of the other girls around us dancing with me, changing partners ever little bit. I finally got Tina back as a partner and she started dancing a bit more bump and grind, rubbing her body against mine and causing a huge bulge to develop below the belt. The bulge didn't seem to be lost on her as she ground her pelvis against mine, rubbing her tits into my chest. Thankfully the song ended and I suggested we get something to drink.

"See, you can dance real well!" she said as we moved to the bar with soft drinks. 

"Not so well, but you certainly move well." I said honestly

"Thank you. I appreciate that." She said hugging my arm again.

We had time to enjoy a drink of soda before she informed me that it was time for us to get dressed.

"Us?" I asked.

"Yep. I'm your elf helper." She grinned

"Well, this Santa is going to have the best looking elf in history then." I whispered as she took my arm again and led me through the front part of the house.

"Katie!" she called to a brunette wearing a long dress on her slender frame, clearly outlining her rounded behind.

"Yes Miss K.?" she called back as she stopped and turned.

"Where are we changing at?" Tina asked as we approached her. The young lady's form fitting dress clearly outlined her moderate sized breasts and fit so snugly to her body that I could easily make out the outline of not only her nipples but her areola through the thin material. That was some lucky material!

"Down this way. I put you in the office." She said as she led us down a long hall toward the rear of the building. She stopped in front of a door that opened into a room with two desks facing opposite walls, a single portable partition separating the two desks.

"Um. Just one room?" Tina asked Katie.

"Uh huh. This is the only room that has a door out into the commons where we are going to do the presents." She replied mater of factly. "We thought with the partition it would be ok."

"Sure. This will do fine." Tina replied after a moment, pulling me into the room by the arm. 

"Great. Just give a knock on the other door as soon as your ready!" Katie said brightly as she practically bounced down the hall back to the other girls.

"This will be just fine." I said picking up the bag that obviously held my Santa suit. "I'll use one side and you can use the other... Unless you want to share." I added jokingly.

"You'd like that wouldn't you?" she replied with a smile and a gentle nudge in my ribs. "For now maybe we better stay on our own sides. We wouldn't want these young impressionable girls getting the wrong idea."

"Right." I said sarcasticly. "Young and impressionable my ass."

Tina laughed as she picked up a bag that I assumed contained her costume and headed to one side of the partition.

I wasn't particularly nervous getting undressed in a house completely filled with women... well maybe a little, but that was definitely tempered by the hardon I had from dancing with Tina, and the fact that the partition was low enough that when I stood up I could see the top of her head on the other side. I started stripping down to my skivvies, which was barely able to hold my raging hardon in. I happened to be looking across the top of the partition, I guess, like any horny guy, hoping for a peek of tits or something, when I saw her pull her dress up over her head and off. In my mind did a good job of painting a picture of her standing there practically naked as I pulled my pants off and tossed them on the chair. I guess I wasn't thinking too much at that point, and pulled my hard dick out for a few quick strokes while I turned to pull out the Santa suit. I heard the crash before I felt the partition hit me in the back, knocking me into the desk. It wasn't a heavy partition, but I wasn't expecting it. I heard Tina cry out to look out, just as it hit me in the back. It didn't take me long to recover. I turned myself around and lifted the partition off of my back and slipped from between it and the desk as Tina arrived to help me. My jaw must have fallen clean to the floor when I saw her. She was completely naked, except for a pair of tiny red bikini panties. Her huge tits were swinging in full view, each breast topped with a dark areola centered with a perfect nipple, each one hard and extended, just waiting to be sucked. As she helped me out from the partition her tits rubbed against my arm, making my exposed dick even harder. I worked to stand the partition back up and put it in place, not quite sure what caused it to fall over, and to be honest, not caring, on account of the view I was getting. Tina's tits swung around and bounced as she helped me stand the partition back up, only after it was standing again did we both blush at the realization that we were standing almost naked in front of each other. 

The door practically flew open and three girls stepped in, apparently drawn by the commotion. The stopped and stared at the two of us staring at each other practically naked before giggling and backing out of the room whispering, making me blush all the harder.

"Sorry." She squeaked, covering her tits with one arm and her mouth with her other, while she looked at my hard dick sticking out, the top of my briefs still hooked under my balls. "It was my fault. I bumped it."

"No problem." I replied taking in as much of her body as I could before she stepped back around the partition.

"Sometimes I am such a klutz." She called over the partition as we went back to dressing.

"It's ok. I don't think either of us minded." I answered back over the partition.

"I know I didn't." She called back. "I kind of thought you were pretty good looking like that."

"In that case." I replied. "It's a shame you were wearing your panties. I would have liked to see the rest of you too."

"Oh these?" She called back with a giggle, followed by her small red panties flying over the partition and landing near me.

"Yea, those." I replied as I picked them up. I could smell her aroma from them even in my hand, and couldn't resist giving them a gentle sniff.

"You can hang on to them for now. I won't need them until we're done." She giggled, almost sounding like one of her sorority girls.

"That brings up some interesting ideas about what your wearing." I said as I finished pulling on my Santa coat.

"I hope you're decent... Because here I come!" She called a few seconds before she popped around the partition.

To use the common term today, she was smoking hot! Her long black hair fell over her shoulders from under a green velvety hat that make her face look as if it were framed. Her smile shown brightly as she held her arms out and turned slowly for me to see her outfit. She wore a long sleeved form fitting green dress, adorned with gold piping and little holly wreaths. The material clung to her like a second skin and there was no doubt by the two firm bumps that she wore no bra underneath. The material flowed down her body to a skirt that was barely long enough to cover her round ass. Her legs were encased in a pair of long green stockings, making her legs look long and slender before disappearing into a pair of green high heels. 

"If I have your panties, that begs the question of what you're wearing." I said with a huge grin.

"Oh, not much." She replied lifting her skirt a few inches to let me see that her green stockings were held up by a green garter and her pussy was now covered in a pair of green satiny panties with 'Merry Christmas' on the front in red. She turned and bent over for me to see her behind, not needing to even lift the dress it was so short. The back of her panties said simply 'naughty girl'.

"I should say you are." I mumbled.

"You like?"

"I believe the proper term would be.... HELL YES!" 

"Good, the girls picked it for me. I hoped you'd enjoy it."

"Oh I can assure you I do! You have got to be the sexiest elf I have ever laid eyes on!"

"Thank you kind sir!" she replied with a little curtsy that showed the top of her stockings. "Would you like some help with your beard?"

"That would be most appreciated." I replied since it was all I had left besides the hat. I was glad the suit was large enough to cover the fact that my dick was screaming for attention, poking out over the top of my underwear it was so long and hard. She moved next to me and had me sit down, then she sat on my lap and placed the fake beard on my face, leaning her tits into my face much more than was required to get the elastics strings in place behind me. I didn't know what made me do it, besides hormone overload, I just couldn't resist squeezing her protruding nipple, right through the cloth of her dress, with my lips. By all rights she should have slapped my face off, but instead she sat there and allowed me to do it as long as I wanted, pulling away only after I released it.

"I guess if Santa can be naughty I can too." She whispered as she moved off my lap, pulling me up to a standing position. As soon as I was standing she snaked her hand under my coat and into my pants. I felt her push the elastic waist of my briefs below my balls and wrap her delicate hand around my raging hardon giving it several stokes. "Feels like Santa is a bit turned on too." She whispered as I reached up and stroked her huge cloth covered tits.
