 The following story was written for the 2017 Literotica Annual Nude Day Contest. In honor of the nude day theme, this is about a group of coworkers challenged to a week of clothing optional office hours. Not surprisingly, unspoken attractions come to light, and culminate in an unexpected group sex spectacle. Please enjoy, and don't forget to vote if you appreciated the ride!

***

I ducked into the foyer cradling my morning coffee in one hand and trying to manage my dripping umbrella with the other. I hated Monday mornings, especially rainy ones. Not that I had a bad job, Monday morning was just Monday morning.

I nodded to the guy at the desk, who's name I still didn't know, and scrambled to reach the elevator as it closed. My job is on the nineteenth floor, high atop a midtown office building, at the headquarters of AppLab. We're a small company, specializing in mobile app development. A few of our products had recently become very popular. After a lot of hard work, we were all finally enjoying ourselves and receiving some proper job security.

Creative companies like ours are always interesting to work for. My boss, an ambitious, outspoken middle-aged woman named Karen, is not afraid to disrupt the industry, or our work environment, with a unique perspective and forward-thinking ideas. I knew she was growing restless for our next big idea, but I never could have predicted the experiment that would soon come about, intended to coax us there.

The elevator slid open and I strolled out, then headed for the big glass doors to our office. "Morning, Rachel!" I said, passing the receptionist.

"Hey, good morning Taylor," she replied. "Don't forget the meeting at ten this morning!" She smirked.

I groaned. "Right, thanks."

Rachel never missed an opportunity to tease me about a meeting I had once forgotten about that was my duty to lead. As embarrassing a memory as it was, I didn't mind her teasing. Rachel was a few years younger than me, incredibly cute and flirty, with long, curly hair, sexy glasses, and a dimpled smile.

I continued into the office space and ran into Isabel returning to her seat. She and Alyshah did the marketing for all our apps. Isabel was the most beautiful woman in the office; tall and fit, with a killer smile, long dark hair, and a perfectly sized chest. I spent all day watching her come and go, mesmerized by her tight ass in a pair of dark jeans. She was shy, but there was undoubtedly some latent sexual tension between us.

As I approached my workstation, I glanced over at Isabel's, like I did every day. She was looking up at me with a great big smile. She waved excitedly. I waved back. Alyshah smirked at us. I sat down and took another gulp of coffee.

More of my coworkers rolled in. Ariel, the office assistant. Andrew, who worked closely with my boss. And of course, the coding team, which was always last to file in: Alexis, Tim, Ryan, Darrell, and Yuke.

Ten o'clock rolled around and we all crowded into the conference room. Everyone pulled up a seat around the long conference table, except for a few of the coders who hid in the back with their laptops. Karen strolled into the room with a commanding presence, which hushed our idle chatter.

"Hello everyone!" she exclaimed.

"Hi Karen!" we all answered.

"So-- we're at that point now where we need some new ideas. I think it's time to start thinking about how we debut 'the next big thing.' Let's discuss. Who brought me some ideas?"

Karen went around the room, calling on people who had ideas to throw out. Unfortunately none of them were deemed special enough. Most were derivatives of other successful products. Karen was looking for something really new and cool, but nothing seemed to be inspired enough for incubation.

I watched our boss finally take a seat. She let out a long sigh. I glanced at Isabella, who gritted her teeth at me, suggesting that she was thinking what I was thinking. We knew what happened with Karen felt our team had hit a wall. The last time this happened, she implemented a system where for one whole week, office communication between employees could only be done in rhyme. As kooky as our boss was, it worked. It got everyone thinking on their feet, and soon enough we had our next app fully whiteboarded. Still, no one was looking forward to another one of her creative office experiments.

"Oh, I have an idea!" Karen said, suddenly becoming alert. "Something I saw on YouTube. Andrew-- get me set up for projection." Within a few minutes, the curtains were drawn and the projector had come down. Karen's laptop soon had something queued up and ready to go. "I saw this video about an office in Europe somewhere. They did something that put everyone on their toes, to say the least. It might be just the thing we need!" she said, as she hit play.

A mere five seconds into the video, I felt the butterflies forming in my stomach. Jaws had dropped around the room. We sat there stunned, as a five-minute documentary introduced a German company that caused a sensation when they implemented a no-clothing policy for a week at their company offices. The video featured a lot of talking heads, as both male and female employees talked about their experiences, intercut with shots of them sitting around conference tables like ours; the women with their bulging chests blurred out.

There was a naked man with his crotch blurred approaching a naked girl at her desk. They discussed something mundane. I was too distracted by the fuzzy outline of her boobs to follow. A wide shot of the office depicted at least thirty people, coming and going in their birthday suits as if it was no big deal, each one with their genitals blurred out. They were handing each other papers, having conversations, looking like they were completely unaware that the person in front of them had everything hanging out.

When the video ended, there was dead silence. The lights came up, and I saw wide eyes and disbelief on everyone's faces. Even Darrell and Yuke, who were always tapping away at their computers, were frozen with astonishment.

Karen laughed. "This is the most attentive I've ever seen all of you! I guess I might be on to something."

"Wait, wait, wait," said Alyshah, "You're suggesting we work together, naked?"

"Why not?" said Karen. Alyshah tried to speak but couldn't find the words.

Rachel chimed in. "How would that...? I don't-- I can't even..." she stammered, putting her hand to her head.

Karen interrupted before things got out of control. "Obviously I can't force anyone to do this, so it's not mandatory, but let's say that starting tomorrow office hours are clothing optional," Karen explained. "Those of you who want to give it a try can take your clothes off. The rest of you... well hopefully you'll decide later to join in."

"But like... logistically, how does that even work?" asked Ryan. "We just show up like that? What about the guys? Um... stuff happens to us." There was nervous laughter around the room.

Karen chuckled. "Well obviously you're not going to show up to the building naked-- you can change out of your clothes in the hallway bathroom before coming into the office," she explained. "As as far as being a man goes... I assume you're talking about erections. But we're all adults here, right? Everyone knows men get erections. So if it happens, it happens. Just go sit at your desk until it goes away. I'm sure no one will be offended, but if anyone is, just come see me about it."

I was trying to get my head straight, hearing all this. Was I really listening to my boss talking about erections? I glanced at Isabel. I could tell she almost didn't want to look at me. Finally I caught a brief glance from her. Her eyes were like saucers.

"Anyway, that's the deal. We need a brave, bold new idea. And you get brave ideas by doing something brave. Consider it a challenge. Let's see who's up to it!" Karen concluded.

With that final command, Karen declared the meeting over, and sent us back to our workstations. All at once the chatter started. I saw all the girls whispering with one another. If they saw me watching, they'd quiet down, and then smirk nervously at each other. The guys took every opportunity to excitedly discuss who might get naked, or more accurately, since skepticism ran rampant, who they most wanted to see naked. I tried to avoid getting swept up in the gossip, but it couldn't be entirely avoided.

"Dude, are you doing this?" Darrell had asked me.

"I dunno man..."

"Do you think anyone will?"

"Who knows. I have to imagine Karen will, at least, since she's the one that came up with the idea."

"Oh wow, yeah. I didn't think about that. How crazy will that be?"

"Seriously."

"Who else?"

"Hmm..." I said.

Darrell and I suddenly looked at each other. "Alexis," we said in unison. We both laughed. She seemed the obvious choice, since she already had the reputation of being a little wild.

"Geez, I don't know who else. I think everyone will get cold feet," I concluded.

"Yeah," he replied. I sensed his disappointment.

Despite the fact that I was incredibly skeptical, I spent that evening nevertheless absorbed in fantasies about what it would be like if we all participated. I pretended that I would actually be able to stroll into the office confidently, with my balls hanging out. Isabel would be standing there, completely nude. We'd get over the initial shock of seeing each other naked, and then start the work day. In my fantasy, Isabel would come to my desk, ask me to help her with something, and then she'd lead me into the storage closet where I'd give her a passionate fuck against the wall. I had every unrealistic detail worked out.

I went to bed that night full of sexual excitement, toying with the idea of participating. One minute I decided for sure that I was going to do it; that I'd waltz into the office and see Rachel do a double-take. Then I'd head over to my desk, put my hands on my hips, and let Isabel gawk at my penis. The next minute, I laid there terrified, reminding myself that there's no way I could actually do it.

It wasn't until I forcibly made myself agree to do it, no matter what, so long as someone else did it first, that I finally fell asleep.

***

DAY 1

I woke up with a start. A haze of vaguely sexual dreams began to drift away as I snapped into reality. Then the terror struck. All the work I'd done the night before went out the window, and I felt myself chickening out.

"Just go to work like normal," I thought, "You can make a final decision at the last minute."

I took a shower, brushed my teeth, got dressed, and hurried out the door like I usually do. My mind was spinning. I even forgot to pick up my coffee and had to turn back toward the cafe upon reaching my office building.

"There's no way," I concluded. Indeed, I'd chickened out. All that there was left to do was wait and see which of my coworkers would do it. It was a weight off my shoulders, having decided to stay clothed. Now I could focus on my excitement at seeing other people naked.

I walked into the office. Rachel was there, fully clothed. "Hey there," she said, smirking.

"Hey," I replied, smiling back at her.

She wheeled her chair around and gave me a look up and down. "Wow, check out that amazing, naked bod," she said sarcastically.

I laughed. "Has anyone come in naked yet?"

"What do you think?" she said, chuckling.

"I didn't think so."

As I headed back into the room, Alyshah and Isabel looked up at me and laughed. Then turned toward each other and nodded their heads knowingly, as if to say "We were right, he's not doing it either." I sighed to myself, knowing that it was inevitable that I'd be this close to seeing Isabel naked, but never be that lucky. By the time Alexis shuffled in, fully clothed, I knew it was a bust. Not one single employee showed up naked. We all laughed with each other, acknowledging our embarrassment and utter lack of bravery. But we had completely forgotten about Karen -- our boss, the one who had proposed the idea in the first place.

The office doors swung open. I heard Rachel saying, "Hey Ka--" and stop in mid-sentence. I looked up, as the room went silent.

"Good morning Rachel!" Karen replied, as she walked into the room.

There was our boss, without a stitch of clothing on. She had a slender, well-tanned body. Her breasts were full and large, sagging slightly, with distinct, reddish nipples that pointed straight out. She had a powerful walk, which made them bounce with attitude after each step she took. Karen had a dark, mature bush between her legs which suggested that she did not trim it often. All eyes were on her body, and its jarring nakedness.

Karen stopped in the middle of the room, surveying her employees, all of whom gawked at her. "Well. Am I really the only one here with the nerve to do this?" she asked. There were nervous giggles. "We'll have to do something about that!" she said. "I really want to see some naked bodies, people!" She clapped her hands authoritatively, then headed into her office.

Needless to say, no one was in any mood to work. The only thing we could do was talk to the person next to us about what just happened. I ran into Isabel and Ryan on my way to the bathroom.

"Guys, can you believe what's happening?" Isabel asked.

"I can't believe I saw my own boss, naked!" Ryan said, gritting his teeth.

"Right! How can we look at her the same way again, after this?" I laughed.

"Neither of you are doing it, right? Does she really expect us to take our clothes off in front of each other?" Isabel added, incredulously.

"I dunno. I kinda think it's funny. I'd do it, but only if everyone else did," Ryan said. I felt like he was testing the waters, so I did the same.

"Yeah. That's the problem. I'm sure we could all do it if we really had to, but no one wants to be the first, so it ain't gonna happen," I said. Isabel smiled at me. Ryan nodded in agreement.

"Well, I can't say I wouldn't complain if certain people came to work naked, but yeah, somehow I doubt that would ever happen," Isabel added with a smirk. She looked me directly in the eyes, and I knew that she meant me, but would never admit it.

"Well, we'll see. You never know!" I said, continuing on to the bathroom. I could feel Isabel grinning back at me. It was a thrill to experience a tease with her.

The day went on mostly as normal... except for that naked-boss thing. It never stopped being a shock to the senses whenever she walked through the room. Off she went to the printer, wagging her bare butt cheeks. Up and down went the cover of the printer, causing her boobs to spring about. Then back across the room she went, unashamed of the hairy triangle between her legs. As she passed close by my desk, I could even make out the faint lips of her outer labia buried in the mass of curly pubic hair. I felt myself getting hard.

At one point, I caught Yuke observing me checking out Karen's body. She smirked and shook her head at me, then went back to work. Increasingly embarrassed, I did my best to pretend like Karen wasn't even there. However, toward the end of the day, she called us into the conference room again.

"So here's the deal," she said, with a sly grin. "The first three people to come into work tomorrow naked get a bonus. I'm not going to tell you how much, but let's just say it'll be worth it." We all blinked at her. "Any volunteers?" Silence. "Come on everyone, I know you're nervous. All it takes is one brave person to get it started, and I promise you won't be the only one joining in."

Alexis sighed. "Fine, I'll do it," she said, raising her hand.

Darrell and I looked at each other across the room, smirking, and remembering our conversation the day before. All the guys appeared to grow excited at the idea that they'd see Alexis totally naked the following day.

"Awesome!" exclaimed Karen. "Anyone else?" Everyone else shrunk in their seats. "Well, think about it tonight. Two more people can get big bonuses. Let's see who it will be!" she added.

***

DAY 2

I woke up feeling jittery. I really, really wanted to accept the challenge and show up to work in the nude. However, deep down I knew it could go one of two ways. Either it would be intensely embarrassing, and form a traumatic memory that would never go away... not to mention ruining my chances with Isabel. Or even complicate long term friendships, like the one I had with Yuke. Alternatively, it might surprise and impress everyone, demonstrating how brave I was; that I was able to shake off the fear of nudity. Perhaps it would even draw more attention from Isabel and my other female coworkers.

There was simply no way to tell what would happen, and I felt as though I might collapse out of sheer anxiety. I went back and forth in my head. Did I really know Alexis would honor her word? Even if she did, what if I went through with it, and it was just the two of us? I'd need at least one guy besides me, I concluded.

I texted Darrell, saying, "I'm thinking about doing this. Are you in?"

I got no reply for a while. Then: "..."

This made me panic even more. Now Darrell was shocked to hear I was considering it. If I didn't go through with it, he'd probably tell everyone that I told him I'd do it but then chickened out. I started to run through scenarios in my head, working out ways to defend myself, when I got another reply back.

"Okay, I'm in," he text back. I thought this would make me feel better, but it was worse. Now I was locked in. There was no turning back. I had to do it...

When I got to work, the elevator slid open and I stepped into the hallway. I approached the glass doors to the office and peeked in. I could see Rachel was at her desk, fully clothed.

"Shit," I said aloud.

My heart was racing. I imagined going through the doors without any clothes on, and seeing Rachel in a state of shock, as I stood there with my balls hanging out. I felt sick to my stomach. I turned back around and hurried into the hallway bathroom, then locked myself in a stall and sat there, breathing heavily. The stress was unbearable and made me lightheaded.

I received another text. "I can't believe we're doing this! I'm shitting my pants on the subway here," said Darrell.

"Totally. I'm in the bathroom trying to work up the nerve," I said. He sent back a laughing emoji. "Fuck," I repeated, cursing myself for ever texting him.

I set a backpack in my lap, which I had carried to store my clothes in. I stared at it for a few minutes, then I slowly unbuttoned my shirt, folded it, and stuffed it in my backpack. My heart was beating out of my chest. Next came my t-shirt. Now I sat on the toilet, bare-chested. I stood up, kicked off my sandals, then slipped down my jeans. I stuffed my sandals into the pouch of my backpack and then packed up my jeans.

At this point the reality of the situation finally struck. I stood inside the office bathroom stall wearing nothing but a pair of boxers, about to slip those off as well. The only reason I hurried was because I suddenly felt gross standing barefoot in the bathroom. I slid them right down to my ankles and pulled them off. The rush of air against my naked body was as exhilarating as it was frightening.

I looked down at my dangling penis. I lifted my balls and moved them around, then extended the shaft. I was self-conscious about the appearance and wanted to get a good look at the state it was in before any of the girls saw it. That is, if I actually continued to go through with it. Finally, I listened to the door to make sure no one had come into the bathroom. Knowing I was alone, I unlocked the bathroom stall and stepped outside.

The wall of mirrors above the sinks immediately caught my reflection and sent a shock through my body. There I stood, fully naked in the bathroom, with a backpack slung over my shoulder. I glanced down at the small mass of curly pubic hair between my legs, and my long, flaccid penis hanging down. I felt like I was going to die, realizing that I was about to walk out into the room in front of everyone. Especially Isabel! I knew she wouldn't be naked, and I was terrified of what her reaction would be.
