 This is a story as told separately, by a husband and wife, of their sexual adventures during a cruise vacation. 

*

Jenn's Story:

My husband and I have been wanting to take a cruise for years but just haven't been able to find the time to get away. We've only been married for three years and haven't had a real vacation together before and have heard nothing but great things about cruising. It sounds like the perfect vacation, great food, fabulous destinations and world class accommodations. 

We're a young couple, my husband Dan being 24 and I'm 23. My name is Jennifer, everyone calls me Jenn. Dan's a real hunk, at least I think he is. He's six foot two, one hundred ninety pounds of solid muscle. He's a very quiet guy, not overbearing at all but definitely not a pushover either. He's a perfect lover, at least in my opinion. I've never had better. 

As for me, Dan thinks I'm OK too. I don't think I'm all that hard on the eyes, neither one of us walk around thinking we're Barbie and Ken. I"m a tiny girl, just five feet tall, about a hundred pounds. I have long, dark straight hair with brown eyes, both of my parents were from Japan so I guess I'm naturally just a little thing. My darling husband did buy me a very nice addition to my body last year.

I was very self conscious about my appearance as I wore a 34A bra, was jealous of everyone. I never wanted to wear a bathing suit, always feeling like a little girl wearing them. I always felt embaressed when it came to my breasts. One day I jokingly suggested to Dan that I'd like to have my breasts enhanced. He jumped at the idea saying he'd pay for it so I had it done, he even let me choose the size. I figured I might as well start big so I selected a D cup. It was the best decision of my life.

Wow, do I ever get looks now. It completely changed how I look and my confidence level. I LOVE wearing string bikinis now, I have so many different colors and styles. I have confidence on the beach now, I love showing my ample cleavage off everywhere. I now even have a little swagger when I walk.

My husband loves to show me off now too, I've always loved showing him off, he's the best husband a woman could ask for, he's a hunk.

We decided on a short cruise to test the waters, so to speak, for our first time. We booked a short five day cruise to the Caribbean out of Miami during March. It would be a great month to get away from the crappy weather we had been having at home in Virginia. 

We've been very open about our sexual fantasies with each other, sharing many sessions of pillow talk while having sex. Our fantasies usually include having other people joining us, in every combination imaginable. We decided this cruise might be the perfect place to try and live out some of these fantasies. Maybe it was all just pillow talk but both of us were excited with the possibilities.

Our bags were packed, the car was loaded and we were on our way to the airport for our non-stop flight to Miami. We were both so excited we could hardly sleep the night before. 

We parked the car in the parking garage at the airport and dragged all of our bags to the check in counter. Poor Dan, he had one suitcase and a carry on. I had three bags and a carry on, Hey, a girl has to be prepared for everything. I must have brought a dozen different bikinis and dresses for only five days. Oh, and matching shoes for each bikini and dress as well.

After paying all the surcharges for our excess baggage and getting through security we settled in to wait for our flight. We boarded and left right on time, only taking about an hour and a half to get to Miami.

We were greeted a the baggage area at the airport by the cruise line, it couldn't have been any easier. We boarded a bus to our ship, only a short drive away.

The longest part of the entire procedure was the check for the cruise as we waited in line for almost two hours before we boarded. Finally we were on board searching for our state room. It was very small but we didn't care, we hadn't planned on spending much time in the room anyway. 

We dropped our bags in the room. Of course I had to change into something a little more revealing, we were on vacation. I put on a nice little tight red mini dress with a plunging neckline, no bra of course. We were on vacation and I had every intention of cutting loose immediately. I loved the thought of dressing slutty, nobody knew us anyway.

We went straight to the top deck and were greeted with our first drink of many to come. This ship was fabulous. It was time to explore!

We sipped our drinks as we practically skipped around the top decks checking out the three pools and numerous hot tubs on deck. There was an exercise area with an outside walkway as well. A huge buffet was located just off the large pool deck, it was going to be difficult controlling the waistline on this vacation.

One of the things we noticed was the number of extremely attractive, young people on the ship with very few children. We later found out it was during spring break so there were a lot of college students aboard. This had all the elements to make a fun vacation. We loved making new friends and the possibility of a fantasy weekend was looking very good.

Next we had a little emergency drill that lasted about fifteen minutes and we were back to vacationing again, another drink in hand.

Still exploring the ship, we discovered an adult section of the ship. It was sectioned off from the rest of the ship at the rear of the boat, requiring anyone to be at least 21 to enter. This was sure to be a place of interest to us in the future, we'd have to check this out later. There were hot tubs there, a bar, loungers, chairs and a dance floor.

We were so excited as we heard the ship's horn blow signaling it was leaving the dock. We were on vacation!

"Let's go get our suits on," I said to Dan.

"Let's go." 

We practically ran to our room to get changed. We hadn't even unpacked yet so I had to rummage through my suitcases to find just the right bikini to wear, with matching heels. Dan didn't have such a difficult time since he only brought two pair of trunks. Little did he know though, I had a surprise for him in my suitcase.

I selected my tiny black string bikini with black matching heels. My bikini had very little material, the two pieces covering my breasts only being about the size of a silver dollar. This one left almost nothing to the imagination, I knew Dan would love it. I chose a cute little sheer black wrap to wear on the way to the hot tubs, I'd feel naked without it. We had decided to go to the adult section of the ship as if looked secluded and romantic.

"You look stunning, very sexy. I'll have to keep an eye on you," Dan said. He had been dressed for at least fifteen minutes waiting for me.

"You don't look so bad yourself handsome. But, we have to do something about those ugly old shorts you're wearing though, try these on," I said, tossing him the new sexy suit I bought him without him knowing.

He looked the suit over reluctantly, squinting his face, his nose turned upward.

"I'm not wearing that little thing. Are you kidding me?"

"Please, for me. I bought it special online just for the trip. Nobody knows us on this ship. Lighten up and show off that gorgeous body of yours. It isn't as if it's a banana hammock or something." I begged.

It was just one of those European square cut swimsuits. A little more snug fitting than Dan was used to wearing but I knew he'd look sexy in it. It had a nice pouch in the front to allow ample room for his great package. He enjoyed seeing my cleavage so I thought it was fair play for me to see his fantastic bulge, I knew he'd get as many looks as I expected to get.

"I'll feel like an idiot. If one person stares at me, I'm changing,"

"Deal," I said

Dan changed suits in front of me and I have to tell you, it was the perfect choice and fit. I would have to keep an eye on him now. He always wore black suits so I bought this in black, but it was snug fitting, showing his great physique, outlining the shape of his cock. I was getting horny just looking at him in it. The material was thin but not see through, I thought it was incredibly sexy and just revealing enough to draw interest.

"God, you look so sexy in that," I said as I stared at his crotch.

"I feel like an idiot," he said, but I noticed him start to grow a bit in excitement of my attention. His cock looked great in this suit. I could make out the shape of his shaft, his balls nicely displayed as well. It was one hot fucking suit.

I kept staring at his crotch as I noticed it twitch. I licked my lips.

"I really like that suit," I said seductively, as I dropped to my knees.

I kissed my husbands cock, contained by the snug fitting new suit he was wearing as his cock began to swell. I cupped his balls, squeezing them.

"I think you like it too,"I whispered, licking my lips.

I grabbed his cock through the material, stroking him as it strained to be released. I reached for the waistband, pulling his suit down as it dropped to his feet. His cock sprung to full erection before me, inviting me to ravage it.

Dan stepped out of his new suit as I reached for his cock with both hands, guiding him to my mouth. He was already moist with anticipation, his cock throbbing for attention, leaking from the tip. I looked into Dan's eyes as he held my head, guiding my mouth toward his cock.

I wasted no time, taking him completely in my mouth, devouring his delicious shaft as I began milking him with my hands, twisting and pulling as I plunged onto his cock, then rose until I could feel the head touch my lips. Dan has a beautiful, fat cock. He's not the type of guy to get out a ruler and measure it but I've never see a bigger one, he must be over eight inches long and as thick as a big cucumber, all I can handle, all I want or need. I love his gorgeous circumcised cock. I love how the veins on his shaft show as he swells. I can always feel his pulse through his cock as I hold him in my mouth.

I hadn't planned this afternoon session but we've always had a great sex life, doing what felt good when it felt good. I just had to have him right then, I needed him, I wanted him, I hungered for his salty cum.

I wanted him to cum for me, to explode in my mouth, right then. I gripped the base of his cock firm with both hands, jerking him off as I took him in my mouth, first circling my lips around the mushroom head, sucking it hard, then falling on his swelling shaft, veins bulging from it's mast. He was swelling in my mouth, his cock pulsing as he readied to erupt. I could feel each beat of his heart through his cock as it jerked in my mouth.

I pushed his cock deep into my throat as I gripped it tighter, sucking feverishly, gagging as I forced him further into my throat on each thrust. His hands held my head as if it were in a vise as the first shot of my lovers hot semen hit my throat.

His hips pushed forward as he fucked my mouth, I remained still now, knowing he was now in total control, ravaging my mouth with his volcanic eruption. He growled as he continued emptying his hot, sticky cum into my mouth, filling it. I swallowed several times quickly as my mouth overflowed with his cum, , oozing out, running down my chin as he slowed rocked back and forth, relaxing as his orgasm subsided.. 

His cock was still contracting, oozing his last few drops of semen as I eagerly sucked them up, then he released his grip on my head. I always knew that was his signal, he was finished. He claims his cock always became too sensitive to continue sucking after he came but I always did it anyway.

"You're the best, babe, thank you," Dan panted.

"My Pleasure," I said with a big smile on my face as I stood and embraced him. "Now let's go!"

Dan pulled up his new suit and followed as I held his hand, though now lethargic as I almost had to pull him along. He always got that way after sex, lost all his energy and ambition to do anything.

"You like that new suit now, huh?" I asked flirtatiously as I strutted down the hallway.

"Yeah, yeah," he said as we shuffled along.

I couldn't wait to get back out in the sun. We approached the adult area of the shop, went through the door and were surprised there were already quite a few people there, but that was great too. We loved making new friends. 

As we entered it looked like all eyes were on us, I'm not sure which one of us but we were definitely noticed by more than a few folks. To our delight most people were attractive 21 to 50 year old couples, no groups of single guys lurking around.

We made our claim to lounge chairs, found a great pair together pretty close to the bar but later found that didn't matter as they had servers come around anyway. The sun was wonderful, there were four huge hot tubs to enjoy, all but one vacant.

I removed my wrap as Dan stared at my tits, making me a little self conscious and looked around to notice a few other sets of eyes were on me as well. My bikini left almost nothing to the imagination. I loved showing off what I had as well. Again, the tits Dan bought for me changed my life and confidence level.

"Let's get in a tub Hun," I said as I pulled Dan along.

The water was perfect, must have been about 103 degrees with bubbles galore. There was actually a rush of cool water blowing in through the bottom jets to counter the heat, never experienced that before. I guess it made sense though as the air temp was about 85 degrees.

"This is nice," Dan said as he settled back, his arms resting on the sides of the tub. He still had that after sex look on his face.

"Perfect is more like it."

"Would you two like something to drink?" our hostess asked.

"Yes, Please bring us two specials of the day," Dan said. "Make those strong too please."

"Yes sir, I'll be right back."

"This is so nice," I said.

This really was paradise as we sailed away from Miami, soaking up the sun in the hot tub. Our hostess brought our drinks quickly as we each accepted them eagerly. They were delicious and very strong. We were both already feeling the effects of the alcohol, it was only our second set of drinks.

After three or four hours of enjoying the area and getting in and out of the tub we were joined in the hot tub by a couple of guys who had arrived. They sat across from us, not really saying anything but I could see they were stealing glances at my tits. They were both young guys, probably in college, fairly attractive and in pretty good shape. They were nothing like Dan as he rarely got jealous and had no reason to. These two guys were staring at me though, making me a bit uncomfortable.

Dan actually enjoyed showing me off. I could tell Dan had noticed these guys looking at my tits as he tapped my knee and made eye movement their way, signaling their interest. Dan always got a kick out of young guys falling all over me.

"Hi guys, where you from?" Dan asked them.

Christ, Dan always had to stir something up, knowing these guys were in the tub to get a closer look at my tits. I was hoping they wouldn't take the bait and not talk to Dan.

"Ah, Boston. We go to Boston University and are on spring break,"answered one of the guys.

"What's your names?" I asked.

"I'm Dave and this is Jeff," Dave said as he nudged his buddy.

"Nice to meet you two,"Dan said.

'You too," Jeff said.

We settled back in, closing my eyes relaxing in the tub, every now and then sneaking a peak at the two guys staring at me. Good thing I was wearing sunglasses, they couldn't tell I was watching them. I looked down to make sure everything was still in it's place and noticed just how thin the material was as my nipples were completely visible through the suit, no wonder they were staring. My nipples looked like two hard little clam heads pushing through the material.

"Wanna have some fun with these guys Hun? Touch their feet with yours, see what they do," Dan whispered to me.

"Are you serious? I don't want to give these guys the wrong idea," I whispered back.

"Hey, they're cute guys. You've always had a fantasy of two men, just toy with them a little. It'll be harmless," he whispered back. "These two will leave you alone then. They'll probably run away."

I raised my eyebrows at Dan as if he were crazy as he tried to motion with his eyes to "go ahead".

What the hell, a little harmless fun I guess. They were both sitting directly across from me so I stretched both legs out, barely grazing their toes with mine. The look on their faces was priceless, Dan and I both had all we could do to not laugh. Their eyes were like saucers as they stared at me in wonder, not sure if it was by mistake or not. Maybe they thought Dan was flirting with them for all I knew. Maybe they were gay.

I touched them again, this time running my feet up and down their legs as I licked my lips. I thought they'd both cum right there in the hot tub. Dan seemed to love it as his hand was now working it's way up my thigh, caressing it's way to my pussy. Dan was getting excited by this. That fucking instigator, I'd show him. I figured I'd see just how far Dan was willing to go as he started this shit.

I continued running my feet up each of their legs until I was caressing their thighs with my feet, these guys looked like they were in shock. Neither of them dared to move, not taking their eyes off me except to glance at Dan quickly. I'm sure they both thought at any moment Dan would get up and kick the shit out of them.

Dan's hand had found my pussy as he inserted a finger into me, gently rubbing my clit. I reached over to his lap to verify his excitement to find he had a growing erection, barely contained by that new suit. It was a damn good thing the bubbles were so strong or he would have been noticed for certain. This was actually turning Dan on, knowing I was teasing these college kids.

Jeff was moving closer to me, almost next to me now. Dave had nowhere to go as Dan was sitting on my other side, my hand on his cock. I slid my foot onto Dave's crotch to feel his growing excitement for the situation he was in as I felt Dave's hand rest on my knee.

I had Dan's cock out of his suit now stoking him as he swelled, I had no idea what I was going to do with him right out in the open like this though. Dave had Pulled his suit down now as my foot caressed his cock, he had a nice, hard cock. Damn, it felt like he was very large but was hard to tell with my foot. I fondled him as best I could with my toes circling his cock. Dan's finger was now sliding in and out of my pussy, I couldn't take much more. 

"We have to get out of here Dan, I think people are watching,"I said.

Dan looked around and agreed, pulling his shorts up.

"OK guys, here's the deal. Room 603 in 10 minutes if you're interested, no questions,"Dan said.

I looked at Dan, puzzled with what the hell he had in mind. This had been fun and innocent enough but just what was he suggesting? We had just set sail. Was he inviting two guys to our room?

"What?" I asked Dan.

"Let's do this if you want this vacation to be uninhibited and do anything and everything you ever thought possible. Live out every fantasy," Dan said.

"Are you sure? Do you know what you're saying? I'm not so sure about this."

"I am, I'd love it. This is just the start,"Dan said.

We sat in the tub for a few more minutes as Dan's excitement subsided so he could get out of the tub without embarrassment. I winked at the guys, not knowing if they'd really come to the room or not. I wasn't sure I'd let them in if they did. They watched my every move as I walked away, got our bag and towels and left for the room. I was excited but scared as we left for the room. Were we really going to do this already?

"Are you sure about this Hun?" I asked as we rushed to the room.
