 On wednesday I didn't have class so I mostly just hung around and the common room getting to know the people on my floor. When I came back to my room Angel was sitting on her bed reading.

"Hey what book is that?" I quizzed her. She read for a couple more seconds before looking up and replying.

"It's call Sins. It's a book about physical manifestation of the seven deadly sins and a guy that has to literally fight them," she replied, "I'm almost done if you'd like to read it."

"No thank you, I've already read it but if you're almost done I could use some lunch if you'd like to join me?" I invited her.

"Oh, and will Ali be joining us?" she asked with excitement. I noticed her legs squeezed together a little under her summer dress. 

"Unfortunately not. She is meeting with a partner for one of her classes and getting to know him better."

"You mean fucking him?"

"Yeah and I'm all alone.." I sing jokingly. She chuckled a little before setting her book down. Her hand slipped under her dress as her legs parted a little. A small moan escaped her lips and then she brought her hand up to her mouth and sucked on her finger. Angel looked at me and giggled, then jumped up and put on some sandals. 

"Let's go!" she pulled my hand to lead me out of the room. I growled and unwilling followed. "Oh don't be so grouchy! You are the one who wanted to go to lunch."

On our way to my new favorite café we pass an alley when we leave our dorm. On this particular day when we passed the alley there was someone in it. As Angel and I passed it we both did a double take. We walked into the alley and we saw, more clearly, a woman, but she was handcuffed to one of the pipes. She stood in only heels with her back towards us, looking out the other side of the alley. She had a pretty nice ass and she had crimson red hair. 

"Um- Hey, excuse me?" Angel called out.

The girl jumped and whipped her head toward us. "Oh, shit you scared me!" She yelped, "Hey, actually thank god you're here. I need help!"

"Does it have something to do with the reason you are cuffed here?" I asked.

"Actually, yes. My boyfriend and I were trying to do something more... kinky, and when he was done he FUCKING left me here!!" She whined. 

"So, you want us to help you out of the cuffs?" Angel interrupted. 

"What? Hell no, I'm bored and I wanna be fucked. I'm still wet as fuck and he only made me orgasm once before that fucker came inside me. Please do something!" She begged us. I looked at Angel and nodded towards her. She licked her lips and walked toward her. 

"What is your name, cutie?" Angel asked as she dropped her knees behind our mystery girl. 

"Brooke," she sighed as she stuck her ass out towards Angel.

"Well Brooke, would you mind if I ate some of that cum out of you to make room for my friend?"

"Fuck yes, of course I don't mind." she shivered back her reply. Angel moved her lips toward Brooke's folds. Her tongue worked its way through Brooke's folds lapping at the combined juices of her and her boyfriend's cum. I heard Angel slurping and sucking at Brooke's pussy. I circled around them and moved for Brooke's front. Her B-cupped tits hung slightly under her and her mouth hung open as moaned loudly. I pushed my lips onto her's, which was covered in lipstick the same color as her hair. I reached up and cupped one of her tits before pinching the nipple. She moaned a little louder into my mouth and I forced my tongue into her mouth. As our tongues wrestled with each other, her moans increased until her mouth left mine so she could let out a scream. 

"She's ready for your turn," Angel got up, covered in Brooke's juices, which coated her mouth and stained the top of her dress. I moved to behind Brooke and rubbed her pussy as I got my pants off.

"Oh you are nice and wet," I commented before I slid my fingers inside her. 

"Yes, wet and horny for you guys. Please, fuck me," she begged. I lined up my cock with her lips and pushed myself in. She let out a moan of relief. "Finally... god your cock feels good. Pound me pl-" She was interrupted by Angel shoving her tongue into Brooke's mouth. The moaning from me sliding in and out of her wet folds were muffled by Angel's mouth. I noticed Angel's hand had slipped down her own dress. Angel moved her mouth down to Brooke's tits and pulled a nipple into her mouth. No longer gagged by Angel's mouth, Brooke's moans echoed off the walls of the alley. She gripped the pipe she was handcuffed too until her knuckles turned white. Her moans increased until I felt her pussy tighten around my cock and juices pour over my lap. She panted for a couple seconds before she returned to moaning. Angel was starting to moan pretty loudly as well, even with her mouth wrapped around Brooke's nipple. I kept pounding into Brooke before I heard a scream come from Angel and saw juices fall out from under her dress, wetting the concrete below. Angel took her fingers and pushed them into Brooke's open mouth, which she gratefully took and sucked all of the juices off of her fingers.

I felt Brooke's pussy tightening again and I ushered Angel over and as Brooke's moans increased to the brink of shrieking I pulled out and let Angel lap up the juices as they squirted out of Brooke's pussy. I stroked my cock until I was on the brink and I came on Angel's face and Brooke's ass. We all stood there and panted for a few moments before I heard clapping coming from behind us. 

"Well that was a fantastic show!" A man said as he stepped further into the alley. He pulled out a key from his pocket and walked to Brooke's front. He unlocked her cuffs and turned towards Angel and I. "I was expecting only one person to come to her aid but instead she got two."

"Guys, this is my boyfriend, Jeremy," Brooke introduced him, "Jeremy this is... um actually I didn't get your names."

"I'm Lucas and this is Angélique, my roommate," I said, "We were actually just on our way to lunch if you'd like to join us." They agreed and we went to the café.

As we ate we all talked about how our classes are so far and what are plans are for the future. Jeremy said he wants to become a film director for porn and star Brooke as his main star in most of his films. Angel explained how she wants to be able to recruit new pornstars from amatuer films. I explained I had no idea what I was doing yet. 

"So, Lucas and Angel, are you two together?" Jeremy asked.

"Oh, no, like I said early she's just my roommate," I explained, "I am taken however, my girlfriend is Alessandra Albini. Do either of you know her?"

"Unfortunately not, but I still have a couple semesters here so maybe I'll find her. Is she good in bed?" Brooke quizzed. Jeremy looked excited about the answer.

"Before coming here she was pretty good but since taking her classes she's been amazing!" I told them, "She learned some new stuff in her Sexual Techniques class, and since then I've barely been able to last more than a couple minutes with her. I took that class first so I could keep up with her."

Brooke shuddered and Jeremy smiled. "Well maybe you should bring her by one day, Brooke would really enjoy a lesbian encounter and I'd love to film it." Jeremy said, looking at Brooke. She nodded excitedly then looked at Angel.

"So have you had any trouble on campus lately?" She asked out of the blue.

"What kind of trouble?" Angel responded.

"Well, you've heard about the harassments going on around the campus, right?" 

"Not yet, I've heard nothing about them," Angel looked concerned.

"Well apparently there is some prick running around and causing trouble for alot of students. Sometimes just as small as yelling at them as they are messing around and sometimes as big as groping them without permission. Luckily no rape has occurred. There are multiple accounts of this person but some people are giving conflicting information. They are always wearing a masquerade mask when they do this and their clothing is always the same, black sweater and jeans. They're about the same height and build but that's where the similarities stop. They've been reported to be both genders. They've had multiple hair colors and eye colors. So they only thing to distinguish this person from anyone in the crowd is the outfit. The other thing is this person appears only to people who are only traveling with one other person or alone, and at varying times of the day. So, just be careful when you're out there."

"I will," Angel assured her, "I usually travel with Lucas anyways so we should be fine!" I felt really proud when she said that. 

"Well it's about time we got going, unfortunately," I told them, "I've got some homework to do and such." I picked up the bill and left with Angel. 

"So you think I can protect you against that big bad harasser?" I asked as we walked back to our dorm.