 **Author's Note:

Ok, Hello everyone. It's been a good 7 months since the last Harem Uni update and I want to explain why (and also why this one might disappoint). So I had a period where I had writers block and didn't know what to do. Fine that usually lasts about a month. But when I sat to write again I realized I had become attached to the characters. I made plans for our main character and Allysa to get together and thought of different romantic scenarios. 

Long story short: I can't really just use these people as Fuck dolls anymore since I want to integrate them into actual stories.

Which brings me to why this chapter might be a little more disappointing. I wrote this raw as I liked it. I was going to use the bandit that was running around as an antagonist to the story and have a long term story arc but I just can't think of what to do with them. 

Also I was only planning on writing a weeks worth of "Journal entries" but it seems my imagination wanted to go farther. 

Anyhow This chapter is more story based with little sex in it. I'm sorry but this may be the conclusion to this series. I MIGHT do a revision on ch. 7 and continue later but probably not. 

Without Further ado, Enjoy:

P.S. Trigger warning: Not too much happens but Alyssa is touched when she doesn't exactly want to be...

*****

Alyssa and I walked back to my room. I sat on my bed and asked her what's up.

"Well I'm kinda tired and you looked a little spent," Alyssa started. "I was wondering if you wanted to grab some coffee or something?"

"Oh, are you asking me on a date? So soon after I met you?" I teased her.

"N-no it's just people hanging out!" she sounded a bit flustered.

"Oh so you wouldn't mind if I invited Angel?" I tested her. She crossed her arms and started to subtly pout.

"No, I guess it would be fine."

"Oh so you do want it to be just us?" 

"You know what? Forget it, I'll go by myself." 

"Oh, Alyssa, I was only teasing," I said. "Let's go."

"No, too late asshole," she said over her shoulder as she left the room. 

"Wait Alyssa!" I grabbed some gym shorts and found my sandals as I ran after her. I found her at the exit of the dorms putting on her dress that she must've found on the way here. She looked at me with a scowl and left the building without zipping herself up. 

When I followed she growled, "I said I was going by myself."

"I wouldn't let a lady be out on her own at ten at night, no matter how much of an asshole I am," I replied.

"I can handle myself, thank you," she shot back at me. "Why don't you go back to the dorm?" 

"I already told you I'm not leaving you out at this time. If you want you can file a stalking charge at the school's police office later."

"Go away." 

"Fine I'll follow from a distance but first," I grabbed her wrist and pulled her toward me. Her eyes locked with mine and there was pure anger. My hands found her zipper and I zipped it up. Her eyes seemed to relax a little, but then flared back up.

"Thank you. Now go aw-" Before she could finish her sentence a face slid it's way next to her's. 

"Would you mind if I joined?" the voice said from behind a masquerade mask. Alyssa yelped and threw herself closer to me.

"Get your hand off my ass!" she yelled. I pulled her away from the person, shielding her behind me. 

"What the fuck is your problem?" I furiously shouted. I raised a fist but before I could swing the person was running off. They wore a black sweater and blue jeans.

I turned back to Alyssa, "Are you ok? Did he touch you?"

"Just my butt, luckily," she said with a shaken voice. 

"Ok, let's get you to campus police," I said as I started to lead her. She stopped me.

"No, I'm fine it was a small incident, I don't want to bother them with it," she said as she looked at her feet.

I pulled her chin up, "It doesn't matter how small it was they need to be aware this has happened to you. Besides anything we can tell them may be able to help prevent someone else from being a victim."

"O-ok lets go..." she said reluctantly. 

~

After we had filed the incident with the campus police they told us that they appreciated the report. They have been trying to catch this culprit and unfortunately have been unsuccessful so far, so they were thankful for all the little details we could remember. 

After we were done, Alyssa and I headed back to the dorm. Some time had passed and we were leaving at around 12:30 in the morning with a officer. When we got to the dorms the officer seemed to tense up. He had an awkward look about him and when I open the door to the dorm it got worse. I told the officer that I had it from here and relief washed over his body as he ran back to the station.

Moans blanketed our ears almost drowning out any other noise that tried to penetrate them. We talked very little anyways. The orgy was still very much alive and going strong. I had to shoo a couple out of my room before I was able to close the door.

After a few short moments I spoke up, "Are you, uh, alright?" She hid her face with her hair as she looked down and I heard sobs. She suddenly leaped at me, her arms wrapping around my neck and her face burying itself into my neck. 

"I'm so sorry I know it seems I'm being dramatic," her voice muffled itself against my collarbone, "but I just... I was so scared. I didn't know what he might've done. I'm so happy you were there. Thank you." The last two words hung in my ears.

"You don't need to be scared," I told her as I embraced her, "I would never let anyone do that, especially a creep like that." 

We spent the rest of the night in my room watching videos from youtube off of my phone. Eventually Angel staggered in, of course not wearing any clothes, and passed out on her bed. I took a look at the time when she came in and 3 hours had passed since we got back. It would explain why the moaning outside was dying down, people's stamina had faded and most of them probably went back to their rooms for the night. It also explained why Alyssa was nodding off next to me.

"Would you like to go back to your room?" I asked her. She mumbled something incoherent and gave in to her exhaustion. I got up and put a blanket on her. I fell back into my desk's chair and pulled up a blanket to my neck. 

~

When I awoke on saturday morning I didn't see Angel or Alyssa. I checked the time to see it was ten in the morning. I rubbed my eyes and stretched out. I went to the bathroom and on my way back to my room I heard a familiar moan. When I peered into the common room I saw Angel sitting on a table with a woman's head between her legs. She was gripping her tits through the fabric of her shirt with one hand and the other was pulling the woman's hair. Alyssa's hair as I soon found out.

"Good morning," I said to them. Alyssa stopped and looked to me as Angel whimpered and gave me a grunt of a 'morning'. She pulled Alyssa's head back to her pussy. I looked around to see the common room a complete mess. Cups strewn about, clothes laying on the floor, and condoms piled by... Angel? 

"What are you doing with those?" I asked her.

"We got bored cleaning so we comp- Oh, fuck... fuck fuck fuck... compared sizes of the condoms," she said through moans and gasps, "Some of them were huge. It sorta turned us on." That would explain why they are fucking already. I started to pick up but I got a little distracted by their moans. I walked behind Angel and moved my hands under her shirt. My hands found her nipples and I pinched and squeezed them. My lips kissed her neck, which she gave to me as a slave gives it to her vampiric master. Her moans grew louder still. She turned her head and we started to make out as I groped her. I stopped at the sound of Alyssa's whimpering. I looked to her and saw she had hiked up her dress and was on all fours. 

"Please, sir," she pleaded to me. I moved to kneel behind her, released my cock, and shoved myself into her slippery folds. Her were moans muffled by Angel's pussy grinding into her mouth. I pounded into her, feeling her walls close in around my cock. I spanked her and watched as her flesh ripple under my hand. She whimpered and flinched a little, but I heard her say, "More, please." I spanked her until her ass was red. I felt her hand raise between her legs and start to play with herself. I grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled it away from Angel's pussy. 

"Did I tell you that you could touch that?" I said into her ear as she inhaled sharply from the pain and pleasure.

"N-no, sir," she replied, "May I please? I want to cum on your cock."

"Why do you want to do that?" I asked her teasingly.

"Because I'm a slut," she breathed back, "I love cumming sir, and I love your cock." I was surprised by this answer. I didn't expect that at all, so I let her play. She raised her hand to her clit and came almost instantly, her slimy walls squeezed my cock and her juices flowed down my balls and onto the floor beneath us. It must have been intense because she pretty much collapsed, leaving me to have to finish off Angel. 

When Angel came, we decided we should continue cleaning. We threw most everything away and I vacuumed. Our common room looked good as new. After we were done, Angel knelt down in front of me and unzipped my pants.

"What are you doing," I asked. 

"Well, you didn't cum earlier and that's just not fair," she told me with a mischievous smile. Her tongue licked my balls to my tip. Alyssa fell next to Angel and she started to lick me as well. She started licking the side of my cock but began to focus on my tip, sucking it in her mouth and teasing me with her tongue. Angel continued to lick various parts of my shaft before landing on my balls, sucking one at a time. Alyssa moved her mouth up and down my shaft. It didn't take long before I was cumming on their faces, strings hitting their hair and falling onto their tongues. 

After that I walked Alyssa to her room and went back to mine. I spent the rest of the day doing homework and relaxing by myself, while chewing some things over.