 Grace sat cross-legged in her oversized t-shirt staring out the window. The snow was coming down pretty thick now, and she took another sip of hot chocolate as she watched the swirling flakes from the 12th floor of her apartment building.

Her phone suddenly buzzed, breaking the tranquility of a snowy morning. Checking the message, it seemed to come from an unknown number.

"Hey."

Grace rolled her eyes. "Sorry, who is this?" she texted back absently.

"Jeremey"

Grace nearly spat out her hot chocolate as she suddenly sat bolt upright. Jeremey? That Jeremey? It couldn't be....

"How did you get this number?" she quickly typed, suddenly nervous.

Grace felt her heart racing. There's no way. She thought, it has to be a weird coincidence.

Her thoughts came to a screeching halt when a second text came in.

"Oh Grace, don't tell me you don't remember me"

Grace read and re-read this message until the image went blurry. It can't be.... She repeated quietly to herself.

Looking back out the window, her tranquil snowfall had turned to freezing rain.

***

Grace began pacing her apartment, chewing on her thumbnail as she contemplated her next move. Should she reply? No, she thought. That part of my life is behind me now. How can I go back?

Another buzz:

"If you're looking to jog your memory, why don't you meet me at McGillian's at 10"

Grace was shocked, How could he possibly expect me to go back? She contemplated her options as she slowly walked to her full-length mirror. She did a slow turn, inspecting herself more closely than she had in months.

Her long legs had gained a little extra padding, but it only helped to accentuate her extraordinarily curvy hips. Her slim waist was as striking as ever, though her tummy had lost some of its tightness. But if I suck it in a bit, they'll never notice. Her large breasts were full and perky, and hung well on her tall figure. Her messy, dark curls were pulled back in a sloppy bun, but with a little coaxing they would be as shiny as ever. Her dark eyes and shapely lips both curved into a smile, as she reached for her phone.

"I'll be there"

***

Grace arrived at McGillian's around 10:15. No need to get there before Jeremey, she thought. She felt eyes on her as she made her way to the back of the bar, where she was sure her caller was waiting.

Grace had opted for dark, high-waisted jeans that showed off her curvy ass and tiny waist. She paired them with a tight black sweater with a plunging neckline. The double D's are on display tonight, gentlemen. Her dark curls were springy and shiny, and hung down to her mid-back. A bold red lip completed her look.

Man, I've missed this she thought to herself as man after man lusted hungrily after her.

At last she reached the back of the bar, and spotted him.

He was sitting casually, wearing jeans and a white collared shirt drinking what Grace only guessed was whiskey.

He glanced up from his drink and locked eyes with her, and Grace felt her heart do a backflip.

"Grace! I half expected you not to show up! Come, sit!" he said as he stood up to hug her as if they hadn't seen each other in decades.

Grace hugged him back stiffly, then sat down.

"I'm so glad to see you Grace, and damn do you still have it..." Jeremey said, slyly eyeing her exposed cleavage.

Grace rolled her eyes, "Jeremey, really. I've only been gone a few months. I'm not one of your bleach blonde bimbos, remember? All this shit is natural."

"That's why I'm so surprised!" Jeremey said, laughing, "It's the natural stuff that deteriorates, silicone is forever."

"Anyyyyway..." Grace began, noting that they had already veered far off course, "Care to tell me why I should give you the time of day coming here? I'm counting the last two minutes as a waste so far."

Jeremey took a long sip of his...whiskey? Rum? Grace still wasn't sure, and leaned back in his chair. Jeremey was a bit older than Grace, around 35, and well-built. Pretty sure that's how he gets girls like me to agree to these sorts of things she thought with a touch of bitterness.

"I've got a proposition for you."

"No shit," Grace replied, annoyed. "Yeah I thought you just really wanted to get a drink and catch up."

Jeremey put his hands up, feigning surrender

"Alright, alright" he said, "here's the mission, should you choose to accept it:"

Grace truly thought if she rolled her eyes any more times, they would get permanently stuck behind her head.

As Jeremey explained his proposition, Grace was reminded of the first time she met him, and how he had approached her with the same mix of excitement and authority.

****

Jeremey had gotten all the details he needed from John and Kyle yesterday. The type of girl they were looking for, down to eye color and what type of perfume she wears. He always had a knack for this sort of thing—matchmaking. In a perfect world, Jeremey would have liked to make matches for love. But quite frankly, he chuckled to himself, sex was a whole lot more lucrative. 

He met Grace 2 years ago when she was in her final year of college. Young, gorgeous, and short on cash, she was his dream girl. He approached her much like he had tonight: in a bar, with a proposition. After her first deal, Jeremey was sure that was the last he would see of Grace. Instead, she kept coming back for more and more clients. Jeremey was sure she was making enough money for school, yet her appetite for work was insatiable. A few months ago, she stopped returning his calls.

But he knew she'd be back.

***"What do you say?" Jeremey concluded, finally finished his pitch for her evening with John and Kyle.

Grace sat silently for a moment.

"You wanna know the reason I stopped coming back?" she said as her cosmopolitan finally arrived. "Because I loved it too much."

She raised the wide-rimmed glass to her red lips, and sipped slowly.

"Back then I could have a different man every night....all excellent lovers, I must admit, thanks to you." raising her glass in his direction.

Jeremey laughed, "I always did my part for you! And what I'm hearing isn't really telling me why you left—sounds like a pretty good deal to me."

Grace glared at him, "Coke is pretty good too until it kills you. I'm a fucking sex addict, Jeremey, and you know it. That's why I've always been such a perfect match girl for you."

"Well that and that you're gorgeous." he replied.

Grace crossed her arms in front of her chest, slowly twirling her martini glass on the table, angry that she had ever decided to come. As she sat up to leave, Jeremey grabbed her arm,

"Wait! I'm sorry, Grace. I mean, you are gorgeous but I'm sorry for taking advantage. It's just, I think you're being over-dramatic!"

Grace tried to pull her arm away, but Jeremey's grip only got tighter,

"Grace, sex isn't going to kill you. Not on my watch. Sex only makes you feel good—no chance of overdose. Besides," he leaned in and spoke into her ear, "I know you can't resist two at once."

Grace turned to look at Jeremey and saw that familiar gleam in his eye. Christ, he only gets that look when he knows he's got something really good for me.

Turning around to face him, Grace picked up her cosmopolitan and downed the remaining drink.

"Game on" she said.

Jeremey smiled, finished his drink, and threw $20 on the table. "Let's go!"

***

Sitting in the passenger seat of Jeremey's car, Grace was fidgeting with her sweater and instinctually twirling her long curls around her finger.

Jeremey looked over at her and gave her hand a squeeze.

"Have I ever let you down?" he said, with a gentleness Grace hadn't heard from him tonight. She smiled, and wanted to say 'My faith in you is the only reason I'm here dipshit' but instead said "Nope."

The car stopped and Grace knew they had reached her location. It was a small row house on the east side of the city, complete with a thatched roof that was still snowy from the downfall earlier.

Jeremey took out a piece of paper and handed it to Grace.

"Just like old times" Grace said sardonically.

"Yes ma'am, and you're going to be wishing you never left." Jeremey said with a smug grin, unlocking the car doors.

As Grace got out of the car, Jeremey said "Remember, they've paid for 2 hours, but if you want more...."

"Yeah, yeah," Grace said, "That shit's free" and shut the car door.

***

As Jeremey drove away, Grace decided to read her fate before meeting her clients for the evening. She took a closer look at the paper Jeremey had handed to her:

~~A MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN~~

Jeremey Bothwell, Owner

BODY TYPE: TALL, BUSTY, CURVY, THIN

HAIR: CURLY

EYES: NO PREFERENCE

PROPOSITION: THREESOME, TWO MEN

DURATION: 2 HOURS

SPECIFIC REQUESTS: ORAL SEX, PENETRATIVE SEX, LIGHT BONDAGE

ASSIGNMENT: GRACE HEARTWELL

**PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR ASSIGNMENT DOES NOT CONSENT TO ANAL SEX**

Grace chuckled, Jeremey's not lying when he says he takes care of me.

At the bottom of her assignment card were two signatures, as well as pictures.

Let's see what we have here.

The right photo was labeled "John" and showed a tall young man, near Grace's own age, with bulging muscles. His short brown hair was buzzed, and he was pictured mid-action during a "tough mudder" competition. He had handsome features, at least from what was not covered in mud, with a strong jawline and striking blue eyes.

Grace shifted her eyes to the left photo labeled "Kyle," feeling renewed confidence in the evening after looking at John.

Kyle was also tall, and maybe a few years older than Grace—28? 30? He had a mop of blonde hair and clearly spent lots of time in the sun. He was a bit thinner than John, but had all the same muscles to satisfy Grace. In his photo he looked studious, in large-rimmed glasses glancing up from a book he may or may not have actually read.

Who cares if he can recite the Grapes of Wrath, Grace said to herself, As long as they can make me cum, I don't give a damn.

And with that, she walked up the three steps to the front door, and rang the bell.

***

Two men, who exactly matched their photographs, met her at the door with somewhat shy smiles and totally bare chests.

"Come in!" said John, "We're so happy you're here."

Grace smiled inwardly at the godly sight, damn these boys are hot. I would lick those 6 packs up and down....

The men parted for Grace to step between them, though the space was narrow enough that she needed to squeeze by. Her breasts brushed against' John's bare chest, while her ass wriggled against Kyle's crotch. Boner already? Grace thought with a wicked grin.

Grace turned around, and found two pairs of eyes locked on her, taking in every inch of her. Rather than turn away, Grace found herself basking in their hungry gaze.

"Like what you see, gentlemen?" she asked with a coyness that surprised even her.

"God damn," breathed Kyle, "You're exactly what we asked for."

"Jeremey should have charged us triple. You are perfect." John echoed.

Grace smiled, a bit overwhelmed by their compliments. Why the fuck did I ever stop doing this??

She took a step toward them, "Let's go upstairs, boys. I can't wait to get this party started."

***

John and Kyle led her to an upstairs bedroom.

"We decided on John's room since he's got the bigger bed" Kyle said, feeling obviously awkward.

"But we can go somewhere else if you prefer!" John offered quickly.

Grace laughed and sat on the King sized mattress.

"Boys, this is perfect. And let me just say that you don't need to be shy. Jeremey runs a matching service—so that means that you two are also my type. And I happen to fucking love threesomes. I'm here to have fun and so are you, so let's start!"

Taking the lead, Grace stood up from the bed and instructed her suiters to take her place sitting down. She turned to face them and slowly pulled off her sweater to reveal a black lace bra, barely holding her large, bouncy breasts.

John and Kyle's eyes glazed over as they took in this site, and Grace gave a little shimmy.

She reached down to undo the buttons on her jeans, and instructed the boys to do the same.

While they took off their pants, their eyes didn't leave Grace as she revealed her matching black lace thong, just covering her shaved clean pussy.

John moved in front of her and pulled her close to him with a single hand on her lower back. He was taller than she was, maybe 6' 1" and his toned chest had that delicious happy trail of hair leading to a defined "V" above his gorgeous cock.

Grace reached up and put her arms around John's neck. She got on her tiptoes and whispered, "What do you got for me baby, 7 inches? I like...."

She felt Kyle come up behind her, and the heat of his erection on her ass as he cupped her breasts.

John pulled Grace in for a kiss, and she felt a shiver run down her spine as his tongue probed her mouth. Her clit began to tingle as his hands snaked down to cup her ass. Kyle remained behind her and peppered her back with kisses, groping her breasts with increased need.

Grace moaned into John's mouth and felt herself getting wetter from 4 hands all over her body. She turned to Kyle and knelt down, finally getting her first look at his cock. He was a bit shorter than John, maybe 6 inches, but he had a thickness to make up for it.

Grace instructed Kyle to kneel as she got on all fours and took his cock into her mouth. Like she had hoped, John knelt down behind her and probed his tongue around the outside of her pussy.

Grace took Kyle's cock deeper down her throat, thoroughly enjoying Kyle's sighs as his cock slipped in and out of her throat. She reached up and felt his incredibly hard abs, forcing him to move closer and shove his cock further into her wet and wanting mouth.

As John's tongue flicked at her clit, Grace moaned onto Kyle's cock, sucking harder as she began grinding her hips into John's mouth.

Grace increased her speed and slid the full length of Kyle's cock in and out of her throat, as John began darting his tongue in and out of her pussy.

She felt her wetness dripping down her legs now, as John added two fingers inside her. He began stroking in rhythm to her hips, putting fingers and tongue in and out of Grace. In and out as she moaned harder and harder onto Kyle's hard cock. Kyle suddenly dug his fists in her hair,

"I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum, I'm...I'm CUMMING OH FUCK YES BABY FUCK YEA"

Grace felt Kyle's cock twitch deliciously as he shot his hot cum down her throat and she swallowed willingly. She gasped for breath as John mercilessly lapped at her pussy.

She rolled onto her back, and pulled John on top of her,

"I need you....to fuck me....right now" she breathed. John straddled her and kissed her so she could taste her own juices on his tongue.

John made a motion to Kyle, who kneeled above Grace's head. Kyle grabbed both her hands so that her arms were tethered over her head, leaving her entire body for John to completely ravish.

"Take me" Grace begged. Her pussy was throbbing, aching for release. She could feel her swollen clit brush against John's pubic bone as he teased the outside of her pussy. He slid his cock through her pussy lips and sighed.

Grace bucked her hips wildly, "John please. Please baby please fuck me. John PLEASE" she cried.

John smiled and with one motion sunk his entire cock in Grace's waiting pussy. Grace cried out in ecstasy as John slowly pulled out and pushed in again. Kyle leaned down and kissed Grace deeply, freeing her arms to knead her breasts as John increased his pace.

Grace was moaning loudly into Kyle's mouth, "Oh my god, yes YES John harder baby, fucking HARDER!

John got the message and began ramming his cock into Grace. He lifted her hips up to meet his and slid the length of his cock in and out and in and out of her soaking wet pussy. He was pounding her with abandon, primally.

Grace felt her orgasm mounting, and she was teetering on the edge, "My clit Kyle, please I'm gonna cum!!"Kyle obeyed and leaned down to lick her clit. The sight of one man's cock sliding inside her while another man's tongue bared down on her clit sent her over the edge.

"FUCK! FUCK I'M CUMING!" Grace screamed as her orgasm flew over the edge, sending a shock wave throughout her whole body.

Part two coming soon....Kyle gets his turn