 Jess called on the way up to the house, saying she was just leaving Seattle and would be back in a few hours. I shamelessly told her I loved her in front of Matt. He rolled his eyes. She asked how my night was - I told her she'd been right. About everything. She told me she already knew that much.

Matt took a call from Jimmy, who I was finally going to see today. He'd be arriving well before Jess and, with his help, we'd be able to finish the whole thing that day. I was to fly out the next, on the Sunday, and the house closed on Monday. Today was the day.

"So, Jimmy," Matt said when we pulled into Aunt Cathy's driveway. "You know he's got this ... thing for you."

"Jess told me. I'm supposed to tease him? And he's been lifting weights all summer? That about covers it."

"Jess would tell you to do that." He sighed. "Look. I know you and Jess and I have always been closer, and it was Jimmy tagging along. He's still just the kid. And Jess and I don't get jealous ... about things, but Jimmy?"

"So you're saying ... kid gloves?"

"It's worse. He's very ... possessive of you? He's got this picture, you're dad sent it, I dunno. He might think he's in love with you. I'm just saying, please be ... considerate ... in what you tell him. About Jess and me and you. And he's going to make me help him set something up. And it's going to be awkward and ... just go easy on him. You don't have to ... do anything. But a little bit would go a long, long way."

He was saying it would be good if I let the slut out just a little bit for Jimmy. We both got out of the car.

"You have to tell him, Matt. I'm having enough trouble coming to terms with what I've been doing without starting to lie about it."

"You're right. I - sorry."

I let it go. "Thanks, Matt. For ... everything."

"The pleasure," he said with a bow, "was all mine."

"Not hardly."

He headed in to start moving the new boxes down to the basement for the day, leaving me alone to collect my thoughts. He was right about me and Jess - it wasn't just sex, it was different with her somehow, some way he couldn't touch. I'd ride Matt piggyback, but I wouldn't hold his hand. But that left Jimmy as a question mark, the closest thing to a stranger I had left to meet this trip. He thought he loved me, whoever that was. What did he mean to me?

I didn't have to wonder for the first few hours. I started with Aunt Cathy's closet, putting into a special box anything I thought I might like to have. We were almost the same size in a lot of ways, making it almost as if fate decreed I should be taking over her place in the world. I was on my hands and knees in the closet when Matt came to find me.

"Harri?" he said at the door.

"Down here!" I couldn't spare the attention just that moment to look up. As soon as I took my eyes of one kind of shoe the details would slip and I'd never find its match.

I felt his hand trace down my ass. I wiggled my hips, trying to get him between my legs, where he gave me just a light pinch. Typical. I sat back and looked up at him.

"I've, uh, got to run to town to do some stuff with the equipment at my studio."

"Okay," I said. Why was he telling me this? Why did it matter?"

"Okay. I just wanted you to know. So, you know, I won't be here for awhile."

"Okay, Matt."

I turned back to what I was doing, puzzling over his words, while I sorted the last of the shoes. At the back of the closet was a little box I accidentally flipped over. Fuzzy handcuffs and lube. Fantastic. I left them on the corner of the desk so Jess could stash them with the rest of the secrets - or maybe just take it all home tonight.

Had Matt been wearing jeans this morning? I'd thought he had on cargo pants. Was-was this the signal that Jimmy had arrived? Was this the stupid, awkward thing? Whatever it was, I'd get to see the kid. That lightened my spirits considerably.

But, there in the main room of the basement was Matt again, shirtless, watching as he slowly flexed his arms. Except this Matt didn't have a tattoo, and, were those the same pants that - fucker was actually trying to pretend to be Matt? I mean, maybe in a dim room. Shit, the room was dim, so, not even then.

"Jimmy!"

He looked up, startled, sheepish.

"How's it going, kiddo? What's up with the ... shirtless vibe?" Okay, so I'd simultaneously taken every bit of Matt's advice and drop-kicked it out of the yard. Awkward my ass. This was cheerleader stumbles across quarterback in the locker room. I felt a little bit racy.

"I - " He cleared his throat. He still spoke with a slightly higher pitch than his older brother, but he was trying. "I - yeah. Moving stuff, you know? Shirts get in the way sometimes. So, you go by Harri now? Can I call you that?"

"Oh come here." I hugged him, chest warm beneath my cheek. "Why're you doing this?"

"What do you mean?" Jimmy's voice squeaked.

"Did you do it because you thought I ... wanted you to? Because you thought I'd ... like it? What has Matt been telling you. Just be yourself, Jimmy. Let's have a talk."

"It was spontaneous, I swear. All my idea. I was going to - you know about that?"

I was such a softy. "Know about what?"

"Well, it's just that Matt had been telling me - what you were like ... last night and - and I was thinking how cool you were, you know? And I couldn't help it. I was getting turned on, even though he's my brother, even though you were with my brother, thinking about the things he did to you. And I think Matt could tell, said I had nothing to lose, that I should face my fears, you know, be like you a little. And I kind of agreed, and he left, and here I am?"

"And here you are." I pulled back from him. "Am I your fear, Jimmy?"

"Well, no, it's just, well ..." 

He looked at me with those big, doughy, dumb kid eyes. I couldn't believe we were the same age and would both be going to college in a few weeks. Then I looked at him again and thought about everything that had happened to me over the last few days. I ran my hands over his shoulders, down his arms. Held his hands. I didn't even go so far in my mind as 'in for a penny, in for a pound'. I just thought, wouldn't it feel nice if ...

"How do you feel, Jimmy? What do you want? Because I'm still trying to figure that out for myself, and maybe you could help me."

Jimmy shrugged. "I feel like I - I know I - want to -be- with you, but I don't know what that means exactly? I don't think I'm going to be very good at this."

I laughed. "Maybe what we both need is some practice. Come on."

I tugged his behind me to what used to be the game room. Why, exactly, Aunt Cathy had a foosball table we never really understood. I suspected that was going to end up at Matt's before the weekend was through. The only other thing left in this particular room was a ratty futon in that ubiquitous office-furniture-vinyl that looks old a year after you buy it, and hard as a rock to boot. The futon was unfolded, probably because of Matt crashing up here yesterday morning. Jimmy and I sat at the edge.

"So," I said to him.

"Uhhhh."

I laughed and laughed. 

"Are you laughing at me?"

"No." I smiled. "Yes."

"I wouldn't laugh at you, you know."

"No, Jimmy. You're very nice and very sweet and ... maybe that's what I want you to learn from this, okay?" 

I'm making him sound stupid - he wasn't. He was just an eighteen-year-old boy. I probably make myself sound a lot smarter than I was at every step of the way. But anyway.

I turned around, sat on his thigh with my arm around his neck, and gave his a peck on the lips. "How can I make it up to you?"

"Uuuuh, uuuuuh." Poor kid.

"Feels like you're getting a little excited." I stroked the side of his neck. "What're you gonna do with that?"

"Nothing, but - oh, fuck - ow!"

I hopped off Jimmy's lap. "What's wrong? What is it?"

"Clothes - fuck."

"So loosen them." 

I pulled the drawstring on his pants and ... nothing? Jimmy had put on Matt's cargo pants without any underwear. What could he have been wearing that was so embarrassing? More importantly, how could he not be wearing anything under these cargo pants - they were practically burlap. No wonder they hurt.

"You really didn't think this through, did you."

"Spontaneous!"

"Stand up. Let's get these off."

"Off?" Jimmy couldn't move fast enough, sat back down, even, with the pants around his ankles. "I - uh."

"Go on, touch it. Touch yourself for me. Show me who you are." I sat, legs curled under me, beside his.

"My ... self." Jimmy gently grasped his cock by his fingertips. "You want me to ... touch myself ... for me."

My nipples were tightening. Jimmy hadn't noticed yet. "I told you. I'm trying to figure out who I am, what I like. You want to help? Go on, stroke it. Stroke your cock."

"Like this?" Jimmy ran his fingertips up and down his shaft.

"Use your whole hand. I want to see how you really do it."

"Like this?" He wrapped his fist around his cock and gave it a yank. "Unh, fuck, this is intense."

It wasn't. It was boring. I'd learned three, no four important things. One: Jimmy shaved his cock, too. What was it with this family? Two: His penis looked exactly like Matt's, I mean, down to the weird vein. Three: Shit, being a slut came naturally to me. And, Four: This was the least sexy thing imaginable. Poor kid.

"Here ... let me," I said.

"Your hand looks so tiny - oh, fuck!"

I stroked him like only a porn connoisseur knows how, gently covering the whole length, squeezing my fist around the head. He reached around behind me and started rubbing me through my jeans. I let him. When the first drop of pre-cum glittered I bent over and licked it up with just the tip of my tongue.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, when you - it was - it was like lightning, my whole body, and that was just the tip."

I let go and sat up. "It gets better. Kick off your pants." I stood up and took off my shirt, my bra, all my clothes - he couldn't take his eyes off me - and curled up next to Jimmy's lap again.

"Oh my God," Jimmy said, "I can't believe this is happening."

Small world, I thought. Had I been that self-centered the last couple of days? Were Jimmy and I really that different? "I'm gonna suck if for you, Jimmy, and you're gonna love it." I wrapped my hand around his cock again, felt it angrily flex inside of my fingers.

"Oh my God," he whispered.

I leaned over his lap. "Stick you fingers in me, baby." I licked the head again.

He clumsily reached around behind me to stick one, then two fingers in my waiting puss. "You're so wet already, Harri."

I moaned when he found home. "It's getting ready for you, Jimmy. You don't think I'm going to stop with tasting you, do you?"

I licked the head of Jimmy's cock again, then, this time, let it slip inside my mouth. His new cock was hot and hard and already had a hint of male sweaty musk to it. He gasped and started jamming his fingers in faster. He was too excited for me, too fast. This was about me learning about him. I tried to ignore it. 

I stopped when his cock hit the back of my throat, then bobbed back up and swirled my tongue around the head. I sucked, hard, just to feel the rushing blood make it swell between my lips. I pulled his back into my mouth and, this time, when he hit the back of my mouth I kept pushing and ... his cock kept moving in. I couldn't believe it ... it was ... it was moving down my throat like I was swallowing it. I was swallowing Jimmy's cock. I pushed until I felt his balls on my cheek - I had his entire cock in my mouth.

I moaned around Jimmy's entire cock. My hips bucked and his fingers found a new rhythm. I raised back up and immediately dropped down, engulfing him with my mouth. Jimmy groaned and hunched over me. The way his fingers pounded my pussy told me he wanted faster. He was close. I pulled up and dropped again, pulled up and dropped again. His entire body tensed, fingers froze in me. I pulled up, swirled my tongue around the head - and he exploded in my mouth. I had time to bury him once more, feel him shoot down the back of my throat, before he was spent. 

I reached back to pull his hand out of me, then stretched out with my head on his lap. He collapsed backward on the unfolded futon.

"How was it, baby?" I asked.

"It was - it was - I don't have the words. It was so intense. There was nothing else but what you were doing to me with your mouth. I couldn't think, I couldn't feel, it was just - and then, just when I thought it couldn't get more intense, you did something and - I - it felt like I was exploding."

"Mmmmm. You did explode."

"I - I - but you - you didn't come. Oh, Harri, I - I'm so sorry. I'm so bad at this."

"So?" I said. "It was my first time, too, once. And I've been led to believe no guy has done any better than you did just now."

"But - but -"

"You'll just have to make it up to me on round two."

"Round ... two?" Before my eyes, Jimmy's slick cock started to swell again, from half mast on the way to full.

"Chalk one up for the boy," I said aloud. Looked like he'd be ready to go in under a minute and I had an itch I needed to scratch. I thought back to last night, what had been easiest to figure out, control, penetrate. I felt my bottom lip force its way out into a pout, not believing I was going to do this again. I hopped up and bent over the arm of the futon. "Go on, get behind me, stud."

He was up behind me in a flash, jabbing at me - missing.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down, Jimmy. Take it easy. We're in no hurry."

"It's just so hard to control - I feel like - like I have to -"

"Relax. There's a time for that, but it's better when it's slow at first. Put your hands around my waist." I reached between my legs and grabbed just the tip of Jimmy's cock. I rolled my hips up and slid him against my clit. "It gives you time to -aah- focus what it feels like." I rubbed myself against his shaft. "Being in charge is about fighting yourself sometimes - mmm - trying to keep control -ooh- until you can't take it anymore and you lose to yourself. If you don't have control -" I was so wet now my palm was slick around his cock from what had leaked past. I pushed his back one more time and the head slipped into place. I whimpered and used my hands to hold my cheeks apart. "Not being - ah, fuck, Jimmy - sometimes little sluts don't know what they want. They can't be trusted with control. They just want you to fuck them, Jimmy. Fuck me."

He slid in, slowly, all the way to the hilt in one go, and held his cock there like testing the fit on a glove. We groaned in unison. Even through my shame of being such a slut, of begging for it so readily, I wanted to see the look on Jimmy's face.

"Tell me what you feel, Jimmy."

"It's - it's - oh, fuck, Harri. You're hot and tight and - and it doesn't feel anything like when I have a finger in you. This - this is about filling. Fuck. This thing I have is so huge, and it's all inside you." He pulled out half way, a little more. "When it's outside it feels like the skin on - fuck, my cock - that there's too much inside, that it's going to explode." Jimmy pushed back in, not nearly hard enough for me. "But when it's inside - fuck, my cock is in your pussy, Harri, your pussy wet for my cock - the weight of you, the heat of you, it balances out that pressure." Jimmy'd found poetry. He stroked again, almost out to the tip and back. "Fuck, like I belong in there like this, Harri. That's what it feels like." And again. "And it's all I can feel, like my whole body is there inside of you."

I was starting to not be able to pay attention to his words. He was getting the hang of this, speeding up, but now it wasn't fast enough. "Fuck, Jimmy. Fuck me harder. Please, Jimmy."

Paradoxically, he slowed. Fuck whatever inborn instincts these brothers had. I was furious. I just wanted an orgasm. Here I am, holding myself open for him, bending over for his cock, edging closer, begging him, and - 

We heard the door slam shut at the top of the entrance stairs. I let go of my ass and tried to pull away, but his hands around my waist wouldn't let me. He slid into me again, maintaining his steady rhythm.

"Jimmy," I hissed. "Matt's back already. We have about ten seconds to get dressed before he finds us." Matt probably thought he was doing me a favor, saving me.

"Nooo, nooo, don't make me stop. You feel too good. Just a little bit more, I promise."

"Jimmy, he'll see us!" I had no leverage, physical or otherwise.

"Nooo, we can be quiet. If we're quiet, he won't even look in here." 

With his hands around my waist like that he had total control of my center of gravity, and the strength to move me wherever he wanted. Jimmy had his feet planted, now, and was using my entire body to stroke his cock from the inside. I felt him within me, hard as rock and nearly bursting. I dropped my weight on a downstroke to help, to ... what was I doing? I felt a touch of that new pressure begin to build. Jimmy was holding his breath and all I heard was wet slapping and Matt's footsteps on the metal stairs. My tits bounced. I grabbed them and a thought bubbled into my head: so what if Matt saw?

All he'd see is Jimmy having sex with me, no different than what I did last night. What was wrong with that? But he was another person, and he was going to be watching me, he was going to be able to see me, really, see how much I loved this. Matt's feet entered my view at the top of the last flight of stairs. He stopped - as if he thought he heard something. My nipples were on fire, scraping the palms of my hands. 

"Fuck," I whispered. "He's going to see us. He's going to see me -" I gasped "- getting fucked." What if Matt didn't just want to watch. What if he wanted to ... join in.

Jimmy was tensing up behind me. "Shh! Shh!" he whispered harshly. "I'm so close, Harri. I can't control it. You just have to be quiet."

Matt took another two steps down. Quiet as we were trying to be, Jimmy's cock stroking, stoking the fire in my pussy, I knew he could hear ... something. Two more steps. I knew he would catch us. He was almost in view. Then I felt it. Jimmy quietly groaned behind me and I felt the twitch and the warm gush inside me. He stoked again, driving his semen to my teen womb, but it wasn't enough yet. I still hadn't come - and it wasn't fucking fair.

"Fuck, Jimmy," I yelled. "Keep going!" I pinched my nipples as hard as I could.

There was no reason for Jimmy to stop - no physiological reason. But we had a problem. He was just as hard as just before he pumped my cunt full of his seed, so he didn't stop, didn't even slow down. The problem was I yelled my demand. Matt's jaw dropped. 

"Unh!" I yelled. "You like what you see, Matt? Jimmy's cock is exactly like yours, did you know that? He made me suck it, and now he's fucking me with it."

"That's not - that's not -" Jimmy said between gasps.

"Shut the fuck up, Jimmy! And don't stop!" I dropped my hands from my breasts. "You like watching my titties, Matt? You like watching them -unh- bounce we he slams into me? He's so deep inside of me - fuck! He just came inside of me, Matt, just like you did this morning. It's dripping down my leg." It was. I wanted to taste it - our juices mixed together. "You know I'm a slut for your cock, Matt. You know just thinking about it gets me all wet. He's fucking me with your cock, Matt. What are you going to do about it?"

Jimmy was behind me, still fucking me. He was squeezing my waist, almost lifting me off my feet with every stroke, and he groaned every time I said Matt's name. Matt strode up to me, his eyes full of angry lust. He unzipped his jeans and pushed them and his underwear down to his thighs. He grabbed a handful of my silky blond hair and shoved my mouth around his cock.

Fuck. Dirty boy still hadn't showered. His cock was rancid with the smell, taste of day-old sweat, cum, and the inside of my pussy. I couldn't get enough. At first I could get everything into my mouth, licked over everything, even his smooth balls. Matt's cock started growing immediately. He pulled me back by the hair and thrust me down again, just his cock on my tongue this time. I wrapped my lips over my teeth and he started fucking my face. I reached a hand between my legs and started rubbing my little clitty. It felt like I was covered with thick foam down there, Jimmy's cum frothing out of my kitty.
