 First of a big thanks to Cheer_Smartie526 for editing and some technical consulting, it made the story much better. I decided to try something a little different; instead of on long story to slog through this one is broken into 3 shorter stories. The other two are 99% done, so they should be out soon. This one is in Erotic Coupling, the next one will be in group sex. 

*

The hotel lobby appeared exactly as the corporate planner had intended, inviting, comforting and clean. It was tidy to the point of almost looking sterile; nothing about it reflected the town it was located in. It had the basic amenities, pool, hot tub, and a small workout room, but it was just a place to rest and relax. There was no spa, no gift store and no restaurant. A car rolled to a stop in the parking lot. It was a nondescript four door sedan with three occupants. The front passenger door opened and a man stepped out. He was tall with jet black hair and fair skin. The flecks of grey in his hair and the wrinkles in the corners of his eyes put his age around forty. He wore khaki cargo shorts and his polo shirt was untucked. When he heard the trunk unlock he began walking to the back of the car to retrieve his luggage.

Inside the car, a man and woman were talking. They were younger than the passenger, and they were clearly of Asian ancestry.

"You still okay with him?" the woman asked.

"Yea, I am," the man responded.

"Do you think he will want to do it?" she asked.

"Oh yea, have you seen the way he looks at you?" he replied.

"I don't know Kim. I mean, he is married. Are you sure he'll be okay with this?" she inquired.

"Sallie, I have met his wife a few times. They don't seem like the typical married couple. Trust me, he will say yes," Kim explained. He knew their friend Harry much better than his girlfriend did. Harry had not completely grown up. He could act his age when the situation required it, but he was much happier with the lifestyle of someone much younger. He wasn't the first person that came to mind when Kim said she wanted a threesome with another man, but after a lot of discussion he was the candidate they could both agree on.

The bag he wanted was conveniently on top. Harry grabbed the handle and pulled it out of the trunk. He had packed light; most of the weekend would be spent in the water so he didn't need much in the way of clothing. The dive shop was supply all the gear except for mask and snorkel. He wondered what Kim and Sallie were talking about. The two of them had not said much the entire trip, but had simply grinned at each other. A few moments later they emerged from the car and grabbed their bags. The three weary travelers walked to the lobby.

As they approached the desk the clerk looked up," Hi, can I help you?"

"Yes, we have reservations, should be under Lie Sal," Sallie said, taking charge as the two men chatted about what to do after they checked in.

The clerk tap on his keyboard then looked up again, "Yes, two rooms, non-smoking with a single king in both, is that right?"

"Yes," Sallie replied, handing the clerk her credit card. In a matter of minutes they had their room keys and were in the elevator.

"The hotel's web site said it has a hot tub, I think I'm going to check that out," Harry said. He hoped that Kim and Sallie would join him for no other reason than to see her in a swimsuit. The baggy dry suits they would be wearing for the dive class would hardly show off her figure.

"Sounds good to me, let's get changed and meet there," Sallie suggested.

The moment the door clicked shut Kim put his arms around Sallie, "Still think he is the one?" 

"Yea, when he suggested the hot tub... that pretty much sealed the deal. I think he has the Asian flu," Sallie replied.

"I think you mean yellow fever," Kim countered, "but I don't think Harry is a fetish kind of guy. Besides, you are from South Dakota; a fortune cookie is more Asian than you are. You even changed your name."

"I never legally changed it, I just started going by my nickname, you know. You would too if your name sounded like 'laid', the jokes get old really fast," she retorted.

"I guess you have a point," he conceded

"Whatever, I think he wants me," she said.

"Who wouldn't?" Kim asked rhetorically. Sallie's Asian features gave her an exotic look, but there was something about her that would make her sexy if she were black, white, and brown or anywhere in between.

"My point exactly," She replied as she twirled her hair into a bun. Kim was unable to suppress the grin spreading across his face. They had a name for the style; it was called the BJ bun because it kept her dark locks from blocking his view of her sucking his dick. His cock began to swell as he imagined seeing her lips wrapped around his cock. She peeled off her shirt, exposing her perky breasts. Her firm A cup tits seemed to defy gravity, making a bra unnecessary.

Kim watched as Sallie continued to disrobe, he never tired of seeing her lithe body. His eyes drank in her light brown skin as more and more if it was exposed. Despite their small size, Sallie's breasts were quite alluring. Two perfect half spheres perched on her chest, they were the textbook definition of an A cup. Her areolas were distinct and slightly larger than a quarter, and seemed out of proportion to her nipples. Kim's eyes paused at the sight of Sallie's nipples. They were about the same diameter as her pinkie finger and protruded from her chest at least half an inch, which made them perfect for pinching, tugging, and licking. A quiet moan escaped his mouth as he thought about how it felt to have her nipples between his lips.

"Kim...." Sallie said, snapping him out of his fantasy.

"I know, I know," Kim answered apologetically, "your eyes are up there."

"Well, that's true," she said, "but I was going to say my pussy is down here." Sallie ran her hand over the neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair then stroked her labia. When she had Kim's undivided attention she spread her lips apart. She knew Kim liked to watch her masturbate, she wondered if Harry would be equally enthralled with the way she toyed with her sex. A bit of movement caught her attention, Kim was moving towards her, either to join in the fun or get a better look.

"Not yet," she cautioned, taking a step back.

"But, but..." Kim protested, "Me so horny."

"I know, me so horny too, me love you long time... you and your friend." Sallie said, indulging the stereotype of the Asian prostitute. She dropped to her knees in front of Kim and began to pull his pants down. His erection sprang into view. The head already had a purplish hue and veins bulged out from the rigid shaft. It wasn't the most attractive part of Kim's anatomy, or any other man's anatomy for that matter. But it more than made up for its lack of visual appeal with tactile sensation. She loved the way his cock felt. It didn't matter if it was pressed against her breast, sliding between her lips or stretching her labia apart, she loved cock. Sallie wrapped one hand around Kim's hard cock and began to stroke him. She unconsciously opened her mouth and a tingling sensation began to spread outward from between her legs.

"I want to suck your cock," she whispered just loud enough for Kim to hear. She loved to taunt Kim before she gave him a blowjob.

It wasn't logical, but Kim enjoyed the game Sallie played before she went down on him. His cock ached to be inside her mouth, but he did nothing to rush her. He watched the tip of her tongue slowly drag across her lips, making the complete circuit twice before disappearing from view. It was a battle of wills, usually one he lost. Most of the time he would grab a handful of Sallie's hair and push her mouth down onto his cock, but tonight he wanted to see the entire show. He noticed her other hand was moving downwards; it disappeared from view. Sallie's eyes closed for a moment and she drew a sharp breath.

"I'm so fucking wet."

Unable to resist, Kim grabbed for Sallie's head. He longed to feel her mouth on his cock, but she ducked away from him.

"Not yet," she said, extending her arm but keeping her hand wrapped around his dick. Sallie's hand emerged from between her legs, slowly making its way up her body until it reached her breast. She tugged on her swollen nipple, and then leaned forward until she felt his hot, hard erection press into the firm flesh of her breast. Sallie liked her breasts, despite their diminutive size, and she had no doubt that Kim felt the same way. Her only regret was she was not well endowed enough for Kim to tit fuck her. When her large breasted friend had joined them for a threesome, she had watched with a mixture of arousal and jealousy when Kim had thrust his throbbing erection between Marie's ample D cups until they were covered in thick streams of cum. She looked down at Kim's erection and noticed a bubble of pre-cum seeping out and smearing onto her breast. Obviously he found her breasts quite arousing.

"Have you ever seen Harry naked?" Sallie asked.

"I guess so," Kim replied, surprised by the question.

Sallie continued her interrogation, "So what does he look like? Does he have a big dick?" 

"I don't know, I don't really pay attention to things like that?" Kim answered.

"Really?" Sallie said quizzically, "I mean I check out other women's tits... I figured guys did the same thing."

"No, it's not like that with guys," Kim said. 

Sallie took a deep breath before continuing, "I wonder if I will like Harry's cock as much as I like yours?" 

"How about less talking and more sucking?" Kim suggested. Rather than feeling jealous about the idea of watching Sallie ride Harry's cock Kim found the idea surprisingly arousing, but he wasn't sure he wanted Sallie to think talking about Harry's dick was a turn on.

"I don't think I was this pushy when you were getting ready to bang my friend, I think you would be well served to remember who is supposed to be the primary beneficiary of this little adventure," Sallie said.

"Point taken," Kim replied.

"Now, how far are you willing to go to please me?" Sallie inquired. She smiled, despite being in what appeared to be a submissive pose she felt like she was negotiating from a position of strength.

"What did you have in mind?" Kim asked.

Well..." Sallie drawled, "You seemed to enjoy watching Marie and I making out, maybe you and Harry could do the same."

"I'm not sure Harry's into guys..." Kim said.

Sallie swirled her tongue around the head of Kim's throbbing erection, "I will see what I can do to convince him to indulge my wish. "

"How far do you want me to go?" Kim asked

"We, lucky for you I, love cock and I don't like to share. You don't have to get below the belt. I'd be happy with some hard core making out," Sallie said.

"If you can get Harry to agree I think I can live with that," Kim replied.

"Let me show you my opening statement," she said.

Sallie lowered her head until her lips were a fraction of an inch from the engorged head of Kim's cock, "I wonder if both of you will make me come?"

The way Sallie had been stroking his cock during their discussion had Kim close to coming, and feeling her warm breath and the vibrations of her voice inched him even closer. The mental image of Sallie on her hands and knees as Harry rammed his cock into her dripping wet cunt flooded into Kim's mind. He had made Sallie come with his cock, with his mouth and with his hands. He had watched her use her own hands and a variety of toys to make herself come, and now he was going to see her come with another man. Kim's cock ached to be inside her mouth. Sallie's constant teasing had him on the edge of climax.

"I'm not sure we have time for a blowjob? Harry's probably at the hot tub wondering where we are." Sallie teased.

"I don't think this will take very long," Kim replied. At first he thought the blowjob was just going to be foreplay, but the longer she teased him the more he wanted to come in her mouth. He imagined her lips wrapped around his swollen cock with a stream of cum leaking from the corner of her mouth.

"Will he think I'm a slut if I fuck both of you?" Sallie pondered aloud.

"I don't think he will complain too much," Kim said, again reaching for Sallie's head and missing.

"I guess we will find out soon enough," Sallie said, finally lowering her head onto Kim's erection. She pulled his cock away from his body and looked up at him.

Getting a blowjob from Sallie was quite a production. It wasn't just the sensation of her mouth around his cock that made the act so enjoyable. It was the slow build up, essentially foreplay to the foreplay. It was the way she whispered to him what she planned to do. If she was feeling especially generous she would beg him to come in her mouth. Kim watched as Sallie's head bobbed up and down, her lips sliding along his rigid shaft. She always made sure he had a view of his cock vanishing into her mouth. Her hand followed the same path. He was watching her go back and forth, back and forth; each repetition brought his orgasm closer. The movement of her other hand caught his attention. Her fingertips glided down her face and on to her throat. They moved to her breast. At first they spread out, then her fingertips moved towards her swollen nipples they came together, pinching and tugging on the amber nub. Kim had been with women with bigger tits, but none used their breasts more erotically than Sallie. He felt her moan as she played with her tits, then her hand began to move again. It disappeared between her legs. Kim's eyes returned to watching his cock slide into her mouth. He was balancing on the point of no return.

"Oh, oh, oh... Sallie ... I'm going to come," he stuttered.

His announcement was hardly a surprise; Sallie had noticed the distinct taste of his cum leaking into her mouth. She pulled her head back and stuck out her tongue, rubbing the head of his cock against it. She slid her hand over the head of his dick and began to stroke his rigid shaft faster and faster.

"Oh baby, I want it. I want you to come in my mouth," Sallie moaned, then pressed his erection against her tongue again. Seconds later she felt his cock jerk and the hot, thick liquid spilled out. After the first few spurts coated her tongue she inhaled his dick and the rest of his load flowed down her throat.

The sight of the pearly goo splattering onto Sallie's tongue and into her mouth made Kim's knees weak. He struggled to remain standing as she sucked every bit of cum out of him. She continued to stroke and suck on his cock until he was dry.

When she felt his cock begin to soften Sallie let his slip out of her mouth, "Do you think Harry will be able to refuse that argument?" she asked.

"Fuck no," he replied.

"I'm going to find out, give me a few minutes to plead my case then come join us," she said as she put on her swimsuit. 

After he watched her slip out Kim picked up his own swimsuit and put it on. He glanced at his reflection in the mirror; it was quite obvious he was still aroused. He picked up a towel to hide the bulge in his shorts and headed for the hot tub. 

*

I hope you enjoyed part one, please rate and comment on it. I'd like to know if the shorter format is better than one long story ( this would have been 23 pages long ). 