 He returned to the bedroom to see Kate on her mobile. She smiled at him and put a finger to her lips.

"Oh hello," she said. "Cindy Walker, please! Yes, I'll wait. Oh hello Cindy, it's Kate here. Yes, I'm sorry to call you so late. It's just that I'm at Harry's for the weekend and he's just told me all about Wednesday night."

She listened for a moment.

"No! No, you don't understand! I just wanted to tell you that it sounds as though you both had a fantastic time and telling it was very arousing. Harry told me with his cock up my cunny and gave me a gorgeous romantic come with a pussy full of his spunk. You know what that feels like now, don't you?"

There was another pause as Cindy spoke. Kate reached out for Harry's hand as he climbed back into bed. He recommenced nuzzling her tits.

"Yes, well, all I really wanted to tell you Cindy is that I will never say a word to Daddy about you and Harry as long as you make him happy; Daddy I mean. What was that?"

Kate laughed. "Yes, get him to do your bum. I can't see Mummy ever offering hers to him! You go for it girl! Goodnight!"

Harry kissed Kate.

"It's funny," she said. "I find I quite like Cindy now after what you've described. I could feel all her emotions because I feel them too when you're loving me. Come on, I'll tell you about Tony Morris now and then my confessions are done. After that I want to hear about little sexpot Jan!"

Harry spooned into Kate's lovely firm rounded backside and fitted his long fat cock between her thighs.

"Go on then Kate darling. How did Tony measure up? Did you have a good time?"

"Yes darling, Tony does have a really big ..... car! It's a Toyota Land Cruiser and altogether it has seven seats! He did admit that he's never had six girls in it all at once. He picked me up at home and just drove off into the night. Just outside of town he asked me if I'd come out with him for a fuck. I was so surprised that I didn't answer him straight away. He just laughed and said that was what most girls came for, to see if his cock was as big as they'd heard."

Harry's cock was growing yet again and Kate felt between her thighs to touch his knob end.

"By this time I'd recovered slightly and said something about his reputation having preceded him. He pulled into a forest track up by the Forestry Commission land and we started to go quite fast off-road. God, he did bounce us up and down and all over the place. I was beginning to feel quite sick when he suddenly stopped and switched off the engine. He switched off the lights but put all the interior lights on."

Kate pulled Harry's hard shaft through her thighs and gripped it firmly. Harry began to thrust into her hand.

"Tony grabbed hold of me and kissed me. He's a good kisser and I began to feel really good about being with him. He is expert at undressing girls! I didn't have to do anything but I was soon naked in his arms. I was so surprised that I hadn't even groped for his cock!"

"He kissed and licked me all over; all over my tits and belly and on down on to my pussy. I was soaked. He loved my shaved pussy. I decided to just let him do what he wanted; I was enjoying it so much."

Kate eased Harry's cock into her molten cunt. He groaned and pushed in further.

"Tony then stripped as I just watched. He has a nice body. His cock is lovely. It's not as big as yours Harry darling but it's very nice all the same. I loved its shape when it was hard, sort of fat long and hard; just a little smaller than yours Harry. Fuck me Harry!"

Harry began to thrust into Kate with long smooth strokes. Kate made juice.

"I took Tony in my hands and fed his cock into my cunt. That was really nice. He is a good lover. A bit like John I suppose. He knows what he is doing and tries to give his girl a really good time. He pushed deep into me and began to fuck me quite hard with lovely long strokes. I admit that it didn't take me long before I came all over his cock. No squirting though, just a nice come!"

Harry began to feel his coming too! He began to speed up.

"No Harry, wait a minute! Tony hadn't come; he pulled out of me and turned me over. Wow, he was going for an arse fuck! He slopped my juices all over my bum hole and fingered me in there. Then he pushed his rock hard cock at my hole and slid straight in there! Come on Harry, fuck my arsehole right now!"

Harry pulled out and back from Kate. She rolled over on to her back and lifted her legs high. Harry mounted her and pressed her thighs up and back to her fantastic breasts. Kate's arsehole was before him and he pushed his knob end at her hole. Kate just seemed to relax and breathe deeply and his cock slid home.

"Ooooo yesss Harry. That's what Tony did and I just loved it, just like you are doing now! He rammed his cock into me very hard and smacked my cheeks as well. Then he groaned and shot his load right up my arse. Yesss Harry, that's it, shoot your fucking load; I want it!"

Harry fired and fired; the thought of another man shooting spunk up his Kate's arse really worked him up. 'Wait a minute', his subconscious asked, had he really thought, 'his Kate'? As he shot his last spunk he realised that he did want her to be 'His'. 

The lovers pulled stickily apart and kissed for a final time.

"Tony did take me for a couple of drinks afterwards so I sucked him off in his car outside my front door when he took me home."

Harry gently removed his cock from Kate's arsehole, leaning forward to kiss all over her smooth bum cheeks as he did so. Kate purred and pushed her buttocks at his face.

"Harry darling, that was wonderful! You are my best lover by far and I love you for it. Let's be dirty and sleep together like this, shall we?"

Harry just snuggled into her. He was already ninety nine percent asleep!

Saturday morning slowly dawned, bright and sunny. It was also warm. The duvet had slipped off the bed but neither Harry nor Kate had felt any discomfort whatsoever. Harry awoke first, suddenly alert and aware. He glanced over to Kate. She was still fast asleep, turned away from him with her perfect smooth naked back and buttocks on full display to his hungry eyes.

Harry was already hard, very hard! He rolled over towards Kate and touched her arse crack with the tip of his stiff shaft. Kate breathed deeply and turned towards the intrusion. Harry pushed forward. They lay together like that for some time but Harry felt his balls making spunk! He pushed a little more.

"If you want to fuck my bum just say so Harry," Kate almost purred or mumbled depending on interpretation. "Your cock feels ever so hard!"

"Stick your arse in the air," said Harry, gazing at Kate's perfect smooth skin as he titillated her with his hard knob end. "My cock is so hard that it hurts!"

Kate rolled slowly and knelt up to thrust her bottom upwards. Harry followed as if drawn by a magnet and was soon gazing down on a scene of a cunt and arse so gorgeous that he felt that he could shoot a load of spunk all over it without doing anything else! What to do next, that was the question?

Kate solved his dilemma by grasping her own bum cheeks and pulling her arsehole open, thus revealing her now familiar passage.

"Come on Harry, stick it in there and fill me with your spunk," she invited.

Harry did not need to be asked twice; he lined up, pushed his knob to the visible hole and pushed. In he went but he had forgotten something; he hadn't lubricated Kate's arsehole! He felt pain down past his foreskin and Kate squealed too!

"Fucking Hell Harry, that hurts!" she howled. "Get some fucking juice in there before you shag me. I wanna last until tomorrow, you know!"

Harry quickly juiced her up, using his saliva and juice from Kate's pussy. He made sure the liquid penetrated alongside his cock before he moved again. Finally he felt that their joining was wet enough to commence a fucking motion. He tentatively thrust up Kate's passage.

"That's lovely Harry. In fact, it's fucking wonderful! Just keep doing that and shoot your cream when you are ready. Do you know what I want to do right now?"

"No."

"I wanna piss so bad! I want to let it go all over you but we are upside down! I wanna come too! Your cock feels so fucking wonderful!"

Harry thought quickly. He withdrew from Kate's arse and dragged her off the bed and into the bathroom. He pushed her into the shower and followed her.

"Hold it darling; let's get into position!"

Harry sat on the shower pan floor and slowly lowered Kate down until he could penetrate her arsehole again. Because her hole had already been breached she was open and ready. His cock slid inside her and he thrust up and down a couple of times. Then he pulled back until his cock was almost out of her.

"There you are Kate darling, let it go! I'm ready for you now!"

Kate steadied herself by touching the shower walls. She relaxed and thought wet thoughts. Then she pissed. Oh, how she pissed! She seemed to have gallons. Her stream shot out in a hard flow and spread all over Harry's chest, belly and groin. She even pulled him out of her arse as she crouched and pissed all over his face. Harry opened his mouth and tasted her piss!

Kate finally finished and collapsed on top of Harry.

"Ohhhh Harry, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to be so dirty. I love you so much! Please forgive me!"

Harry found Kate's mouth and kissed her.

"I love you too Kate! You have nothing to be sorry for. We are a couple. We can do anything together, anything at all! It's my turn now though! Let me get up and you can lie down."

They changed places and Kate lay down on the shower pan. Harry's thick fat tool pointed down. Kate looked up at it. She wanted to hold it but she couldn't reach it.

Harry started to piss on her. At first he didn't hold his prick; he just let it flow. The first stream hit Kate just below her tits. Harry flexed his buttocks and his stream moved up and down her body, hitting her in the face and down into her vagina. He had so much pee he could and did keep on pissing on her.

Kate became used to the warm stream and reached into her pussy, opening up her lips as his stream came close. Then she opened her mouth as he pissed on her face. She looked up into Harry's eyes as her mouth filled. She waited until he stopped and then deliberately swallowed.

Harry reached out and turned on the shower. ______________________________________________________________

"What shall we do today darling?" asked Kate as they breakfasted on toast, marmalade and coffee.

"Well," replied Harry. "I thought that it was time that we put your public places fucking idea into operation. I thought we could go out and find some nice visible places to have a fuck!"

"Ohhhh Harry, I do love you. What a fucking fantastic idea! Where do think we should start?"

"I don't know to be frank with you. The best that I can come up with is for us to go out and see what places we can find that look suitable."

"That sounds fine to me. I'll go upstairs and see if I can find something suitable to wear. What's the weather like outside?"

Harry looked out the back kitchen window.

"It's not bright sunshine but the clouds are fairly high so it won't be cold."

Kate disappeared upstairs. Harry cleared away the breakfast things. Then he went upstairs too.

"What do you think darling?" asked Kate as he went into the bedroom. She was wearing her long red coat with a scarf wrapped around her neck. She whipped her coat open to reveal that she was naked underneath!

"Wow!" exclaimed Harry. "I'm going to have a hard-on all the time we are out knowing that you are starkers under that coat. I love it!"

Harry chose his lightweight slacks and a heavy polo shirt. Downstairs he took a longish jacket off a hook in the hallway on the grounds that he might need some extra protection.

The lovers left the house and walked into town; Kate had her arm linked through Harry's. Every so often he looked around and then squeezed her thigh, knowing that she was naked underneath. His jacket over his arm hid his inevitable stiffy.

They reached the town centre. Harry was, by now, feeling decidedly horny. He steered Kate down the steps to the riverside. There were fewer pedestrians down there. He openly slid his hand into Kate's coat and felt her wet cunny, two fingers easing into her slippery crack. She gasped.

"Ooooo, I like that! I'm ever so horny Harry. Find somewhere quickly and fuck me darling!"

Harry steered Kate to the river wall and pressed her back against it. He had removed his fingers from her pussy and now sucked on them as he commenced kissing her forcefully.

Kate moaned and thrust her mons at his stiff pole. She felt for and pulled on his zip fly. As Harry had conveniently come out without any pants she had his tool into the opening of her coat in seconds. They stopped kissing and drew back to look into each other's eyes.

"This is it darling!" said Harry quietly.

"This is definitely it darling!" whispered Kate, as she looked to left and right. She waited until no one was within ten yards of them and then lifted slightly and gasped as Harry's cock slid up her cunt.

"Wow!" said Harry.

"Fucking wow!" said Kate. "You're right up me! God, I feel like I want to come already!"

"Feel free," chuckled Harry. "If you come quickly I'll try to hold it so that we can repeat this somewhere else!" He kissed her again.

As they kissed Kate wriggled minutely up and down Harry's shaft. It only took about two minutes. Suddenly she shuddered in his arms and he felt her hot cum juice envelope his cock. He gritted his teeth and managed to hold his ejaculation.

"Harry darling, I can feel my cum running down my thighs. I shall have to get my tissues out."

"You can get one out for my cock but you will just have to leak down your legs until we can find another place. Thinking about your wet cunny will keep me hard!"

"Okay darling, you're the boss! Just don't take too long finding another place, that's all!"

Kate fished out a tissue for Harry and he managed to stow his cock in his slacks and give it a quick rub down under the shelter of his jacket. Kate fastened the one button of her coat that had given his cock access to her pussy.

They walked on and kissed as they walked. Kate felt slightly uncomfortable and exposed.

"My cum is running down both of my thighs now!" she murmured. "It's beginning to feel cold!"

"Just think how it would feel if I'd shot my load in you! Our mixture would feel even stickier! It will do after our next encounter. I shall definitely come next time. I'm still hard! Feel!"

Kate blatantly groped Harry through his slacks. Although it was still under his jacket anyone looking at them would be under no illusions as to what she was doing!

They climbed the steps back to street level. The railway station was just along the street and Harry turned them both into there. There were only four platforms, two through ones and two dead end ones.

Harry bought two platform tickets and then guided Kate along one of the long through platforms, right to the last bench seat. There he kissed her and then sat down. He turned her to sit on his knees, facing away from him.

"Spread your legs darling," he said as she slowly sat down; Harry deftly lifted the back of her coat over his thighs.

Kate felt under the front of her coat and released Harry's rock hard cock again. It was the work of only a second before he felt her hot juicy passage enveloping him again.

"Fuckin' Hell Kate darling," he gasped as he thrust hard up her love tunnel. "I'm going to fill you soon at this rate!"

Kate giggled, not helping Harry's efforts to hold on as long as possible.

"Ohhhh my God Harry; I do love you so much! I love your hard cock so deep inside me! I won't be long before I come again! Oh my God, what's that terrible noise?"

The 'terrible noise' was the sound of an approaching express train. It was not due to stop here. It was not travelling at full speed due to speed restrictions through the station so it was quite possible that some of the passengers could guess at the activity of the attractive young couple on the seat on the platform.

Harry had to hold Kate down to stop her leaping to her feet to expose his prick. Forcing her down like that increased his sensitivity and he now was fast approaching his climax. He warned Kate.

The express was gone now. Kate was back in control of herself. She looked around; all was clear! She looked down, lifted her coat, and watched as Harry ejaculated up her cunt. That brought her off too making their crotches literally awash with cum juices.

This time Harry took pity on her and allowed mopping up operations. Then they stood and left the station.

Next Harry and Kate visited Faston's largest department store. They just wandered around for a while. Then Harry spotted the lingerie department. He stopped and looked at the goodies on offer as Kate laughed a little self-consciously.

"Choose a bra and panty set for yourself," he smiled. Kate kissed him and set off to find something to please him.

Soon she had three sets in her hand and offered them to him to choose.

"Try them on first and then I will decide," he said.

They found an unoccupied changing booth and squeezed in. Kate hung up her coat, revealing her sumptuous body.

Get your cock out," she whispered. Harry obeyed. He was already hard again!

Kate tried on two of the sets. Harry slowly wanked his cock as he watched her.

"This one's my favourite," said Kate as she slipped on the last set, a bright red silky looking pair. Harry gasped! The panties were crotch less! "What do you think darling?"

Harry slammed Kate back against the wall and forced his cock through the gap and into Kate's cunt. She squealed and grabbed his buttocks, pulling him on to her and digging her scarlet painted fingernails into his flesh.

"Fucking Hell!" gasped Harry, a little too loudly for where they were.

"Are you all right in there?" called out an assistant from outside the curtain. She whisked the curtain open and gasped. She appeared to be a sixteen-year-old Saturday schoolgirl worker. Harry and Kate were in profile so she had a perfect view of Harry's cock as he shafted Kate between her bright red panties and pink pussy lips.

"Ohhhh I'm so sorry Madam! Sir!" she finally managed to croak as she let the curtain fall. "I, I'll be just outside if you need me!"

The though of a nubile young sixteen-year-old standing about five feet away as he fucked Kate was enough for Harry. He grunted into his orgasm, each grunt representing a jet of cum.

"Oh yess! Oh yesss! Oh yessss!" squeaked Kate as Harry made her come for the third time this morning!

"I'm afraid we soiled these so we shall have to take them," smiled Harry to the young girl as they left the cubicle. She blushed prettily. She had a fine pair of breasts on her for one so young. Her nipples were fighting to get out of her bra. Harry just watched them move as she attempted to serve them efficiently.

"Stop it Harry," said Kate. "You're embarrassing Julie," (reading her name badge). "Don't take any notice of my boy friend Julie. You've got fantastic breasts and you should always be proud of them and show them off. Old horny cock loves them, don't you darling? Just look at that tent in his slacks."

Julie blushed bright red but she clearly looked anyway!

After that Harry adjourned to the 'Black Bull' for a pint, or two.

"That was a fantastic morning, Harry darling. How do we follow that?"

"I thought that we should go to the match," said Harry as he caressed Kate's naked thigh again. "We might get a chance of a fuck there too! There should be a bigger crowd now in view of their recent form."

Kate kissed Harry; slipping her hand into his slacks through the partially opened zip fly. Harry was, of course, hard again.
