 Chapter 6

Sexual Reminisces

Illustrated version available on request to Author

*

Celia's Story

Celia sat cross-legged and covered her pussy with a towel so as not to distract her listeners from the story she was about to tell. Joanna followed suit although not sitting cross-legged, she simply sat demurely, or as demurely as one can while nude and neither Jim nor Paul could see her privates without becoming very obvious about it.

Celia cleared her throat and began: "I grew up as a shy, submissive, quiet girl who dutifully studied piano and violin and math, just like my Mom and Dad wanted. But I had a terrible secret, dark side -- I loved to get off. Ever since I hit puberty I'd get off as much as I could. I felt so guilty about it, so never told anyone. I used to hide in my room for hours doing it, then started using the internet to get off -- chat rooms, free pictures, whatever. It made me feel dirty and worthless, like I was broken, but I couldn't stop it.

I was three months from my eighteenth birthday when I discovered my mother was cheating on my Dad, a long distance truck driver.

I honestly didn't know what to do? I mean, at that point I loved them both. What the fuck, that's how it's supposed to be. Only it wasn't.

When my mother realized that I knew about her adultery, and that I wasn't about to do anything about it---we'd had one of those soap opera mother-daughter talks---she made no secret about it and started bringing him over to spend the night when dad was on the road.

This went on for several months. I turned eighteen and several days later I had a late night visitor. He raped me. That's it. There was no grey area---I did not flirt with, or provide him with any reason to take what he wasn't supposed too, but he did. And I kept my mouth shut. 

That might have been the worst thing I could do. But hey, I was young and naive. To be perfectly honest with you, at some point during the sex, I got into it with him. 

Maybe somewhere in the middle of it all I realized that there had to be a reason why my mother was fucking him. And she was fucking him: In the car---I could smell her every time I got in it. On the kitchen table---and no, I didn't smell it there, I saw them rutting away after clearing off the dinner dishes when I was supposed to be studying; on the couch where I had watched TV, but not anymore. 

Then too, I'd seen his cock up close, and he was hung—not like a fucking horse, but damn near it. And first timer or not, he filled me to the max, and I got off, despite not wanting him in me. 

Afterward I thought about what had happened. Of course I did, that even sounds dumber that I thought it did. I didn't tell my mother---who knew whose side she'd take? I didn't go to my school advisor, or pastor, or the police.

I kept it to myself, but I didn't let that son-of-a-bitch get anywhere near me again.

Maybe a month went by and I got this itch, you know?" Celia gestured at Joanna, who nodded understandingly.

"The itch you get when you're horny?" Paul asked.

"That's the one!" Celia quickly agreed. "I wanted to get it scratched, really scratched, but wasn't sure just how to go about it. I mean, the guys in school were mostly dorks. Not really, but from my perspective at the time they were. I mean, they knew less than I did about sex, so how was that going to help me. Oh, I know, there had to be a couple of guys that might have done the job, but the ones with experience were pretty much taken by the class beauties, of which I was not a member."

"Well I think you're gorgeous baby," Jim said with a warm smile.

"You've got my vote on good looks too," Paul added.

"If you think you're not a ten, you're crazy, Joanna said last, making it a complete agreement on Celia's looks.

"Ooooh, now you'll all be thinking I was fishing for compliments ... but thank you all anyway!"

"Anyways ... there I was looking for Mr. Right Now, an experienced guy who'd show me how it's done; a guy with a reasonably big dick---I couldn't get cock size out of my mind, you know?"

"You still can't," Jim said teasing her as only a lover can.

"Hmmmm, guess who's cut off for the next two weeks?" Celia said with a grin.

"Ooooh!" Joanna said mischievously.

"Weren't you going off to college?" Paul asked out of curiosity.

"Yeah, and that posed another problem. I needed to do this before I left, or so I thought. I didn't want to be wandering around campus as horny as I was. I'd probably have jumped some poor freshman's bones and gotten expelled."

"All right, all ready! What the hell did you do?" Jim barked, obviously dying to hear what happened.

Celia laughed and said, "What everyone was doing of course. I went on the Internet and met Moria.

"I found her---or she found me---I forget which way it went, but I had only been searching for about an hour or so before for 'an experienced, hung stud who wants to fuck a young pussy,' before we connected.

"Okay, long story, short: Moria was a pregnant twenty-something. As horny as I was it was easy to trust her at her word---which was that she was looking for an eighteen or nineteen year old to screw her husband's brains out because she couldn't---blowjobs weren't doing the trick for them and she didn't want him to find someone to screw simply because he might be tempted to leave their marriage and the unborn baby. 

So she wanted to find someone who would screw him, but not become overly attached to him. Someone like me, who was going off to, or perhaps already attending college and just wanted a fuck-buddy for a couple weeks.

"It took all of twenty-four hours to make the deal. That Saturday night I told my parents I had a sleep-over at a girlfriend's house (having already sworn her to secrecy under pain of death, or worse)."

Paul and Jim tried to stifle their mirth at this sordid tale, but Joanna appeared transfixed by it.

"By the way, Moria was half-way through her seventh month, and huge! She was a pretty red-headed Irish colleen, whose breasts were humongous in that she was carrying twins in her womb.

"So she told me that I was looking at about two months plus of being screwed by her husband, Phil as she needed some time following the birthing to recover enough for sexual activity.

"What I didn't know was that there was a stipulation I had yet to hear from Moria---She would be present when her husband—Phil---and I did the deed. Had I not been so fucking horny it might have been a deal breaker.

"We agreed on a place to meet (Moria's idea, not mine) and I dressed like I thought a slut for hire might: skin-tight jeans and form-fitting sweater hugging my boobs. I saw Phil's eyes pop with more than the usual interest men, or rather, boys generally showed in me.

I had already seen pictures of both Phil and Moria in the nude so my interest in them lay in other areas for the moment. Moria had thought things out and so we didn't rush off and fuck our brains out, but got to know one another by spending the afternoon at a festival with the usual rides, games and in general family fun. And it was mostly fun as far as I was concerned. As for any apprehensions, well I was eighteen, what did I know anyway?

What a threesome we made---me and the big bellied soon-to-be momma waddling along behind her husband and me. Moria insisted that Phil and I ride all the fast rides---roller coaster, whip-the whip, those spinning tops that make you sick to your stomach, even the small "lover's ride" through a make-shift tunnel. Moria, of course, couldn't do any of those rides; she just stood around the railings, waiting for us to have our fun.

It put me alone with Phil in fun situations, and we were mostly laughing our asses off, and trying not to puke. But his wife had her reasons for getting us together like that; it sure brought down any barriers that might have been in the way of what would happen later.

By the end of the last few rides, I was holding his hand, or walking arm-in-arm with him, with Moria a step or two behind us. I'm sure passersby thought of us as mother, father and daughter.

I should mention the Tunnel of Love ride. We must have passed by it several times during the afternoon. My guess is Moria was saving it for last, and it was.

As we disappeared from the afternoon sky into a barely-lit tunnel, Phil had his arm around my shoulder and kissed me on the forehead as we were enveloped in the darkness. I think he missed my mouth, but I found his and we settled into a long kiss that lasted until the light at the end of the tunnel appeared.

I whispered, "You're a good kisser," just as we burst back into the bright daylight and Moria's beaming smile.

Phil returned the compliment, "You," he said hoarsely, "are the hottest fuckin' woman I've held hands with, ever---including my wife---a walkin' wet dream, that's what you are!"

"I still think Moria heard him, but the smile never left her face. As for me, I was ready to cum then and there. There was no way I wasn't going home with them."

Meanwhile, Moria wanted to eat everything in sight, so between the rides, we were feeding the monster, so to speak. Cotton candy, a "funnel cake," candy apple, even sausage with peppers. She didn't finish any of those things; she just had a hunger for each of them, but ended up pitching each item after just a few bites. I had a diet soda, and I had water, it didn't cool my sexual appetite one iota.

Moria sidled up to me and in a lowered voice told me her husband seemed to like my ass.

I recall blushing with embarrassment at her comment and trying to deny it, but he was still checking my butt out and so I couldn't do anything but laugh along with Moria.

As we headed back to the car in the crowded parking lot, moving at Moria's pace, I found myself hugging Phil's arm and pressing my boob against him. I was already wondering how big his dick was, and if he was going to eat me out. I should have known Moria would want in on that action as well---then again, I was still a naive horny bitch in heat and couldn't have cared less.

Our strange little threesome proceeded to our ultimate destination -- their marital apartment, about twenty minutes away. Phil drove and Moria and I sat in the back---with Moria doing her best to put me at ease for what was to follow.

Once we got to their place, the large-bellied Moria nestled into her favorite chair in the living room; a padded, reclining chair that with the footrest extended was a perfect spot for her deformed figure. Her round belly stuck out and up and her back hurt from all the walking she'd done at the festival.

Phil told me that his wife would need about an hour or so to recover. It was Moria who told me---after sending Phil off to get us some refreshments---I would be providing her with some entertainment while she rested.

Suddenly I had reservations about what I had done. But Moria just kept talking to me about nothing in particular and gradually managed to calm me down. 

Phil returned and joined me on the sofa. "So," Moria said, addressing both of us, you want to learn about sex from an experienced man."

I nodded, unable to speak at the moment.

Moria went on: "I think, maybe, you wanna go ahead, want to see what you can learn?"

"I was mortified and terribly excited at the same time. I knew a response was expected of me and mumbled, "Ummm, sure, I guess."

"Well, tell him what you told me---why you're here?"

"Looking back, I guess they'd rehearsed a few lines and this was one of them. Did I have a choice? 

"Ummm, so like, I'm going to college next year? And I wanna be, like, you know, pretty good at stuff...." I paused and grinned inanely at Moria, letting the word 'stuff' hang in the air for a long moment. "Umm, Moria said you'd wanna help me out, you know ... have some fun, showing me what's what?"

"We can do that," Moria said with a wry grin from her reclining chair. She turned to her husband, "Phil darling, let's show her what's what!"

Phil who was sitting next to me, stood up.

"Phil, for christ'sakes, kiss her, will ya?"

He put his arm around me and hugged me to him. I remember laughing, but it was really my nerves not anything funny. He kissed me but our lips hardly touched. 

"C'mon you two, you can do better than that!" Moria said disapprovingly.

I took the initiative and kissed him sending my tongue into his mouth. It turned into a pretty good French kiss after all, and Moria started to applaud, saying, "I knew you had it in you!"

"By the next kiss we were making out like we'd been dating for ages.

"Moria kept up a running commentary, saying stuff like: 'That's it, baby, let him fuck your mouth with his tongue, and you do the same to him!'"

"She just sat there, simmering in her lusty juices, watching her husband and me making out. But, eventually, Moria decided it was time to move on.

"So Phil," she called out, "is she a good kisser?"

"She's awesome," he replied, "The college boys will love her."

"I liked hearing that and began trying to put my pelvis into his hardon. With Phil that was easier said than done."

Phil's hands slid up my silky thighs to caress my ass as our mouths met once more in a passionate kiss. 

Slowly he slid his hands up my back, eliciting a low moan from me, and I began to grind my hips back and forth in his lap. He brought his hands around and cupped a full breast in each hand, instinctively being gentle with them. I didn't understand why. I preferred that he rough them up. 

I realized a while later that Moria being pregnant had tender breasts and he was reacting to her state and not mine. It was all right with me, after all, what the fuck did I know?

I almost lost my mind when he kissed my neck and throat. Believe it or not, it was another first for me. He raised my sweater up, exposing my bra and kissed his way down my chest, he made small circular motions with his palms lightly pressed against my lacy bra and under it, my excited, obdurate nipples. 

I arched my back to create more pressure against his caressing palms and let my fingers twine into his hair and pulled him against the nearest yearning breast. It was soon obvious to me that Phil had been this route before most likely with Moria for he deftly unclasped my bra and tossed it away to the side and freed my girls and gave one a powerful squeeze that sent a tingle right to my twat. 

Then he began kissing and licking every inch of my ample tits. But he was careful to avoid any contact with my aching nipples ensuring that his tongue remained just outside the dark boundaries of my pebbled areolas.

Still the pleasure evoked was incredible. I pulled on his hair and he responded by lightly flicking my left nipple with that talented tongue. I was stunned at the sudden shock of pleasure that rocketed from the nipple to my clit.

I must have moaned. I know I moaned, and off to the side I heard Moria cackling with perverted pleasure. "Give her another taste, baby! Show her how you play with my titties!"

He began to lightly swirl his tongue around my now distended nipple, gradually increasing his pace and pressure. My rate of breathing increased along with it.

He played switch a tit with them---something that my man, Jim here likes to do as well---until finally picking one to settle onto. Oh boy! I grabbed the back of his neck and held him in place until the waves of pure pleasure ebbed.

"Harder, Phil!" Moria called out as she squeezed her own breasts. "Bite them ... suck harder!"

He did and I saw stars.

He cupped my free breast and gave it a hard squeeze. More stars. 

He kept biting and sucking and pinched the other nipple. 

"Oh fuck yeah," I yelled the rapture all but overwhelming me.

And then, Moria moaned and told Phil she'd begun lactating and he left me and my girls hanging. I looked down and saw his saliva trickling down my cleavage toward my stomach and moaned at the loss, but I was still captivated by what was happening just a few feet away.

Phil was kneeling by the recliner and Moria was holding a swollen breast offering it to him. I saw driblets of milk or some substance that looked like milk squirt from the nipple and hit Phil's cheek before he captured it and began to suck on her teat.

A short time later, Moria beckoned me over and I too got to sample her milk. As the first dribble of warm fluid flowed across my tongue, I was able to determine it tasted sweet, which surprised me. It also had a slightly salty albeit not unpleasant after taste. 

Now Phil was working the right breast while I had the left. I sucked hard while squeezing it firmly and was rewarded by another slight trickle, which I greedily lapped from the nipple. 

It took Phil and me a moment to realize that all this feeding had put Moria into frenzy. She was gasping for breath, eyes closed and head thrown back. 

She snapped out of it a second later to tell us 'not to stop---keep doing it---oh gawd, baby I think ... I think I'm ... oh fuckkk, I'm gonna cum!'

Phil just stared at his wife. I knew that being that close she'd appreciate any help I could give her getting over the top and returned to sucking and squeezing that tit of hers.

Moria's hands lifted and placing them behind her head she ran them through her silky hair then arched her back and humped the air in front of her as Phil finally emulated what I was doing and renewed his sucking too.

With a loud shriek, Moria went over the edge and came. It was an orgasm that masturbation could never have achieved. It was the orgasm that can only come from someone whose whole being is focused on making their lover's experience pleasure of the highest magnitude. 

I was never prouder of myself for being partly responsible in getting her there.

Several minutes passed while Moria luxuriated in her orgasmic stupor, and then she returned to reality and cursed. "Phil, what the fuck just happened?"

"You came big time, baby," he said.

"Oh my gawd, Phil," she said giggling, "I've never came like that before. Shit, you didn't even touch my pussy. My tits, just my tits? Holy shit!"

Moria rested for a minute or so and then turned her attention back to me. "Okay, Celia you still wanna know how to turn this guy on?"

"Yeah, sure," I said. I'd been horny ever since I got to their place. I was steaming by this time.

"Start taking those clothes off!" Moria said in a commanding tone. "Show him that hot little body!"

"It seemed to be a big leap, going from an erotic kiss to stripping nude---but, I wasn't going to stop at this point. And so, embarrassed as I've ever been I stripped, sneakers and socks first, sweater and bra next. I recall swaying my hips as I shimmied out of my too tight jeans and then threw my panties at him, hitting him in the face. To my surprise he left them there for a long moment, and then held them to his nose sniffing them!

"Moria was impressed with my tits; I remember she muttered, 'Damn but you have hot tits---what size are you?'"

I giggled, suddenly proud of my body. "Thirty-four-C," I answered.

"Some rack, huh, Moria?" Phil laughed. 

"Lucky you, Phil, so do something with them!"

I didn't realize it then but she was micromanaging each and every step of my seduction.

"Well, I was there for sexual instruction so ...."

Moria moaned and I realized that she was as excited as her husband. I wondered if that was going to be a problem, but decided it didn't matter as I was there to lean as much as possible and that meant girl on girl might be on the curriculum as well as straight fucking.

"Do you wanna stop? I mean are you nervous? Or do you want to make my husband so hard he'll probably cum in his pants?"

"Umm," I playfully gasped, "that, the last one." Moria cackled, "So kneel down and lean over those pillows."

I did, knowing the view I was giving them of my pussy.
