 Well after my experience with 'demon appeaser' I was quite content of sexual adventure. I figured that such things happen to a person at most once in their lives. I guess I didn't count on this particular girl becoming obsessed.

It was two nights later, the night before had gone completely uneventfully, it was a Wednesday night and those tended to be less busy and this Wednesday had been no exception.

Tonight was Thursday and those were nearly as busy as a Friday in the early evening as parents brought their kids out for it. The later portion of the night tended to be lighter as kids had to go to school and parents to work the next morning. 

I was getting a bit bored, it had been at least fifteen minutes since the last customer had walked by, then I saw her once again.

She was wearing an outfit similar to the night before, she wore another tight corset, this one a deep purple, and this time a leather black skirt. Additionally she held a leather leash that went to the collar around the neck of another girl.

While the girl from the previous night was taller, probably 5'7 or 8 and curvy the girl she had on a leash was nearly completely the opposite in build. She was short probably 5'3 or 5'2 and lean. Her breasts were A's cupped in a leather bra looking top, and her ass was a tiny little round thing barely covered in her short skirt. Her hair was longer, also died black, with a little purple streaked through it.

I remained hidden, not knowing if the first girl remembered her previous night, or if she did remember whether she was here to complain about the man who had taken advantage of her.

She leads her leashed companion through the darkness with a fairly sure stride, but one glance at her eyes reveal that she is once again on some sort of high.

" Stop her Pet." She commands.

Her companion does as she is told with out question and a look at her eyes told me the same thing as the first girl's they were both high.

" Oh mighty demon." She called into the darkness, " Please reveal your greatness to your humble servants."

Was she for real? I asked myself, staying buried in the darkness, but too curious, and horny to actually leave.

" I have brought you another loyal servant, she is my Pet, and as you are my master she is yours to do as you will."

I didn't actually believe that the seemingly docile girl would do anything for anyone she commanded so I did not take the comment at face value. To this point I had never met any truly submissive person.

" Do you require sacrifice to show yourself? Perhaps, a show of submission to your will?" She called into the darkness.

After a moments pause with no answer she gave the leash she held a quick jerk bring her 'Pet' forward.

" Strip, Pet." She commanded.

Without a word, or a moment's pause the 'Pet' girl removes her top revealing her tiny perky breasts with her nipples already hard. She then slips her skirt down her legs revealing that she wore no underwear, and that she shaved.

" I know she isn't much, she is rather unattractive, but she pleasures well and I give her to you as I give myself to you. Masturbate for the Master, Pet."

The girl starts by twisting her own nipples causing herself to gasp in pain. I notice as she takes her right hand off her nipple that it already turning a bright red.

Then she slides her right hand down to her cunt and as her left hand continues to abuse her left nipple her right begins to rub into her cunt forcefully.

The girl begins to whimper almost immediately and the first girl smiles with satisfaction.

" Don't cum yet Pet." She commands, " Come here."

The girl kneels and then crawls over to the first girl she then looks up expectantly.

" Remove my skirt for me, so that the Master may see that I am willing to give myself over to his will, he is my demon father and I must do for him all that he may require as his human Daughter."

I wondered what kind of family life she came from where a Daughter did these sorts of things for her father; it certainly was not the way my family had behaved.

The Pet removes the skirt from her mistress and my 'Daughter' as I watched still mesmerized my hard cock tenting my pants. 

I could not decide whether I should pay it safe and stay hidden and just watch, or to hell with the rules and do everything these girls would let me get away with.

Daughter was not wearing underwear either and she smiled, in my general direction, seemingly sensing my movement.

" Lick me Pet." She commanded.

Pet does not hesitate as she begins to delve her tongue into her mistress's cunt and her mistress moans loudly in appreciation.

Daughter's legs begin to look like they are getting a little wobbly as she moans from the tongue lapping she was receiving.

She pushed Pet away and backed against some of the framing of the haunted house, she sits on the ground and raises her knees up and spreads her legs. Then she gives a little whistle and points; Pet crawls over obediently and begins lapping at her cunt again.

Now they were backed into a darker corner of my little area, and being very horny and noting the relative seclusion I got up my courage.

I step forward from the darkness, and lowered my pants, so that my hard penis seemed to appear out of the darkness.

I placed my hard cock in front of Daughter's face. She smiled looking up to it, and immediately took it in her hand.

As Pet continued to lick her cunt she slowly slid her lips around the head of my cock.

She swirled her tongue over the head causing my entire body to shiver with pleasure. She then sucked on the head as she pushed the tip of her tongue against my piss slit.

The mixture of pain and pleasure tore through me.

She then slid her lips down my shaft, letting the stud of her tongue glide along the underside of my cock. 

When she had taken the entire length into her mouth she began to moan as her Pet brought her to orgasm. 

As her orgasm subsided she slide her teeth up the shaft of my cock, eliciting a moan from my lips.

I decided I was going to take advantage of Pet, while I had the opportunity, so I pulled my cock from Daughter's lips and moved to where Pet's ass swayed in the air in time with her licking tempo.

I gave her ass a smack and she squealed into her mistress's cunt, but she didn't miss a step in her tongue ministrations.

I probed her pussy with my finger finding it very wet, but seeing her puckered rose bud I knew what I wanted. 

I had never had a girl who wanted to try anal, and I was dying for this opportunity.

I withdrew my finger from her cunt and pressed it against her anus. Slowly my finger entered her and I heard Pet moan as I pushed my finger into her.

I pulled my finger from her ass and got more lube from her pussy before sliding it again. This time it slid in much easier.

I continued to finger her ass, before I got on my knees behind her and began to press my cock into her cunt.

Her pussy was both tight and wet, and it was a real pleasure burying my cock in it especially as I continued to finger her ass.

She squirmed beneath me, as I pumped my cock in and out of her pussy. Her cunt felt great, but it was her ass that was the truly rare opportunity. I slowly withdrew my cock and finger.

Finding my cock very nicely lubed, I lined my head up with her back door.

She didn't protest in the least, so I began to push forward. At first her ass resisted, then in an instant the head of my cock was in, as she screamed into her mistress's cunt.

Daughter looked up at me with a big smile knowing what I was doing to her Pet.

I continued to push my cock into her ass, it was so incredibly tight, and it was probably the most taboo thing I had tried. After what felt like some of the most pleasurable moments of my life I reached bottom.

The girl beneath me squirmed, I didn't know whether in discomfort or pleasure, and at the moment didn't really care. The ass surrounding my cock pulsed in rhythm with her heartbeat, and I didn't want to ever leave that ass.

Daughter was watching me, her eyes glazed as she absentmindly humped into the mouth of her Pet.

I began to slowly withdrawal and my cock felt held as if the ass did not want to release me. When I had only the head still buried I pushed forward again slowly.

As I pushed in, Pet moaned into her mistress's cunt, and Daughter moaned in further appreciation.

I reached bottom again and pulled back out. This time when I was ready to push forward, I pulled her hips into me and slammed forward forcefully.

Suddenly she began to writhe beneath me, and she screamed into Daughter's cunt. Her ass spasmed along the length of my cock and it was more than I could take. With a groan I unleashed my load of cum deep into her bowels.

Daughter suddenly started screaming as she came again.

As soon as her orgasm passed she pushed Pet away angrily.

" You came too quickly, and now you have accepted the Master's seed, now lick him clean." 

Without question Pet turned, allowing my cock to pop free from her ass. She immediately took my cock into her mouth and began to suck and lick it clean.

My cock stayed rock hard to my surprise and Daughter turned over onto all fours.

" Master, if it pleases you I am ready." She said.

I pulled my cock from Pet's lips and approached Daughter's waiting pussy.

I lined my cock up with her cunt, and pushed forward. 

She was incredibly wet, and her pussy felt like a delicate caress after the tightness of Pet's ass.

" Pet, lick Master's cock as he fucks me."

Pet crawled underneath us and I felt her tongue slide along my balls then as I withdrew my cock, her tongue was there to slide along my shaft.

When I pushed in her tongue stayed along my cock, it was as if I was sliding into a pussy twice as deep as my cock was long, and it was incredible. 

When I was completely buried gave my balls some more licking until I began to withdrawal again, then she was back to my shaft.

I slowly picked up speed, and Daughter began to moan and scream her excitement out loud.

Suddenly Pet sucked one of my balls into her mouth and swirled her tongue around it. It was the most incredible sensation ever!

The cum came boiling up and shooting out of my cock deep in to Daughter's cunt. 

As my first spurt shot up into her, she screamed beneath me. I felt her vagina begin to pulse and squeeze my still twitching cock.

Once spent, I withdrew my cock from her, and disappeared back into the darkness of the haunted house, out of sight but still able to see.

Slowly Daughter got up from the ground.

" Pet, retrieve my skirt."

Pet did as she was told and came back with Daughter's skirt. 

" Put it on me." Daughter commanded.

Pet pulled the skirt up her mistress's legs and then stood there waiting.

" Leave your clothes here for the Master. My address is still written on all your tags. You will walk out nude."

Daughter took hold of Pet's leash and led her through the rest of the Haunted House.

I darted into the main room and picked up Pet's bra top and skirt and rolled them up and stuck them into my pants pockets.

Once again the talk of the evening among the haunted house staff was her. Apparently tonight every time anyone approached them Daughter stated very firmly that they were the Master's.

Once again I smiled and laughed with everyone else, while I thought on the address written on the clothes in my pockets.