 In a languid, blissful daze, Carol lay naked, oozing cum from her freshly fucked pussy. To Carol, there was nothing better than a good fucking and she craved a cock inside her as often and as much as a good meal. 

Caressing her tits, she gazed up lovingly at Tim. She felt so lucky to be with him. He was handsome and so good-looking, much handsomer than any other guy she had ever dated. He was cool, a member of Lambda Omega Psi, the coolest bunch of frats on campus. He was rich, or at least his daddy was, and he drove a BMW. Best of all, he had a nice big dick and really knew how to use it. 

She had fucked him on their first date. Actually it wasn't a date, they met at a party. She was quite drunk and sprawled out. But on every other date since, she eagerly fucked him, and he in turn dated her on a regular basis. She knew that was really the only reason he dated her, but she didn't care. The fact that he was with her and not with some other girl was the point. The fact that he sought her out, week after week was the point. The fact that he was inside her, three, four times a week was the point, even if he did usually call her at the last minute.

She had almost everything a man could want, a dynamite body with large firm tits with big puffy aureoles and thick nipples, a slender waist that flared beautifully to her hips, a firm butt, long, shapely muscular legs and great looking, sexy feet. Her only problem was her face. It simply wasn't very attractive. She wasn't ugly, just not attractive. Her face was a little too long, her black hair was just a little too frizzy to be manageable, her nose was a little too large, her eyes were a little too small, and her front teeth were a little crooked. The fact that her facial skin was slightly pockmarked didn't help any either. 

All through high school she had endured the not so subtle comments and jokes about her face, about how it caught fire and her momma put it out with a track shoe, how it was really a map of the far side of the moon, how the doctor had beaten her with an ugly stick as she was born. As her body took shape, the jokes turned to admonitions that all she needed to do was wear a bag over her head, that she looked great from the rear, and that no one would notice the flaws in a dark cave. 

She heard from her girl friends that guys were really only interested in feeling them up and getting inside their panties. That sounded exciting to her, so when she was finally asked out on a date, she let the guy do whatever he wanted. After that, lots of guys wanted to date her, not steadily, but once, twice, sometimes more. On some dates, she went out with two or three guys at the same time. It didn't take long before she was turning down dates on Friday and Saturday nights as she was spoken for. It didn't matter to her that everyone called her a slut; she got what she wanted, what she needed.

"Come on, Carol, get up," admonished Tim with more than a hint of impatience in his voice. "We've got to get over to the Haunted House and get ready." 

The Haunted House was an annual charity fundraiser put on by the Greek Council, and Tim had asked her to help out. Of course she said 'yes', she always said 'yes' to Tim. She put on a black costume robe with snaps in the back and put on panties and a pair of tennis shoes. As usual she was braless. Tim liked her braless when she was with him, the better for him to steal an enticing feel whenever he wished. 

The Haunted House was set up in an old warehouse building. Each fraternity and sorority had a section to design, build, and staff. The Lam-O's had constructed a new set this year and Carol had been recruited to play the Spider Lady. The set had a solid backdrop wall, placed at a slight angle from the floor and painted flat black. White nylon rope was woven into a large spider web. In the center were eight hairy spider legs radiating from a center hole in the wall. Carol was to stick her head through the wall to complete the illusion. She was instructed to moan, groan, and beg for help from the customers, mainly little kids with their parents and high school kids. 

She followed Tim to the back stage area, were her face was made up with whiteface and black grease paint. Her black hair was frizzed up to a frightening effect and she was ready to go. 

Chad, the Lam-O president, came by carrying a cash box. She couldn't help but notice the smarmy smirk on his face while he thanked Carol for volunteering. Then he told her that the other girl who was to be her relief tonight had gotten sick and she'd have to do the entire evening without a break. 

Tim and Chad led her over to the head hole. There was a chair for her to sit on so she wouldn't be forced to stand and bend over for several hours on end. They showed her the handgrips attached to the wall to give her support. Chad showed her the headlock that would slip over her neck, and explained why it was necessary; otherwise customers would be able see around her neck and into the backstage area, spoiling the illusion. 

As opening time approached, Tim put on the rest of his costume and told Carol that he would be nearby in the maze-way. Squeezing her plump titties one last time, Tim told her to get into position.

She sat in the chair and stuck her head through the hole. The headlock was lowered across her neck. To her surprise, the set up wasn't uncomfortable at all. A few moments later she saw Tim in the maze-way dressed in his ghoul costume and she was immediately comforted. 

The maze-way filled with sounds of a horror house, moans, groans, shrieks, thunder, rattling chains, banging noises, and evil laughter. She was just getting used to the arrangement when the first customers came walking by. 

She cried out plaintively, "Help me! Please help me! Ohhhhhh, somebody please help me!" 

Of course everyone just looked at her, maybe smiled or shirked away, and then continued through the maze. It soon was apparent to Carol that the fundraiser would make lots of money, as a steady stream of students and parents with little kids filed by. 

Someone or ones placed her hands on the handgrips and slowly pulled the chair out from under her, forcing her to stand, bent at the waist. She tried to pull her head back to see what was happening, but the headlock prevented her from moving out of position. Then she felt the hands, stroking her tits, stroking her outthrust ass. She felt the snaps of her costume being undone one at a time until the garment fell down around her arms. Unseen hands took each arm from the handgrip and pulled the robe from her arms, allowing it to fall around her feet. 

As cool air embraced her nearly nude body, her eyes got wide as panic set in. She pleaded, "Help me! Somebody help me! Pleeeease, somebody help meeeee!!!" 

Next, Velcro straps secured her to the handgrips. 

"Help! Oh please, somebody help!"

The little kids laughed and the adults smiled as they walked on by.

The unseen hands mauled her tits and pulled at her teets as still another set of fingers hooked under the elastic waistband of her panties and slowly pulled them down to her ankles. She let out a blood-curdling scream as a hand stroked her now bare pussy. Tim looked over to her and waved.

"Oh, please!" she whined. "Somebody! I need help!!!! Please!!!!" 

As her hands were secured to the handgrips, her only defense was to blindly kick at her attackers, but the panties and the robe tangled in her feet until she managed to kick them clear. Powerful hands held each of her ankles, removed her tennis shoes and slowly pulled her bare feet about two feet apart. 

Mouths began suckling her luscious tits. Soon her body began tingling with unwanted desire. A hand slid down her butt crack until it rubbed across her pussy. Immediately she felt herself gush. Then she felt the head of the first cock rake up and down her wet pussy slit. She screamed desperately, "Oh gawd! Please! Please nooooooo! Somebody help meeeeee! Please!" Closing her eyes, she cried mournfully, "Ohhhhh, ohhhhh!" as she felt a nice hard cock sliding into her wanton pussy. A finger found her clit and began to rub it while she was raped. 

Her eyes became glassy as passion rose within her like a rising river. She tried to fight it off, but it was a losing battle the moment the cock penetrated her. Tendrils of pure ecstasy shot through her groin. 

"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, aaaiiiieeee!!!!!" she cried as her body betrayed her. Carol twisted and turned as the first orgasm of the night swept over her. 

The little kids pointed and laughed at her face twisted in a grimace.

Part in horror and part in pleasure, she moaned as she was fucked, shackled to the wall, unable to see her attackers. The horror quickly melted away as she wallowed in the ever-delightful sensation of a cock filling her up. The cock pumped in and out of her for several minutes at a furious pace before it was withdrawn. 

The sudden withdrawal of the cock caused her to whimper in protest, "Nooooo." New hands gripped her hips. She hissed, "Yessssssss," as another cock slipped into her. 

One after another in a seemingly endless procession, a fresh dick penetrated her every five or six minutes. Her bent over position caused each cock head to rub and stimulate her G-spot. Soon vaginal orgasms began, one after another, every few minutes or so. A pile of used condoms grew at her feet, so that she couldn't adjust her feet without stepping and slipping on several wet rubbers. 

At one time, a particularly large cock drove into her. It felt familiar, the way it filled her, the way it thrust into her. She thought she knew who that cock belonged to, it was her favorite history professor, or was it that coach, or was it was the janitor, or was Tim's roomie, Moose? It really didn't matter; she smiled and gurgled in delight as the big dick fucked her for five minutes. 

Someone mercifully slipped the chair back under her so that she could sit, but five minutes later, it was removed and the fucking began anew. All through the night, she was given the chair for a few minutes rest before the gang bang resumed. Periodically, Tim would come by and offer her a drink of water from a squirt bottle. She was always babbling incoherently.

Finally the flow of customers slowed to a trickle and the fucking stopped. Unseen hands pulled her panties back up. Unseen hands released her from the handgrips and slipped the robe back on and snapped it closed. Unseen hands slipped on her tennis shoes and eased the chair back under her. 

Tim walked up to her, glanced both ways and seeing no one around, whipped out his cock for her to suck. When she didn't respond as she had always done in the past, he asked, "Are you all right?"

"Yes, damn it! Let me go! Let me go!"

"Okay, okay, baby. Why didn't you tell me you needed help?"

Suddenly indignant she shouted, "I tried! I tried! They fucked me, Tim! They fucked me!"

"Who fucked you?"

"I don't know! Please get me out of this!"

Tim went around backstage, finding her sitting in the chair like he had left her. He stopped to talk briefly with Chad who was sitting at a table, counting out a large stack of money. He then raised the headlock and she pulled her head out. 

"Oh, thank god!" she sobbed. "They fucked me Tim, they fucked me!" She buried her head into his shoulder. 

"Who fucked you?"

"I don't know! They were behind the wall!"

Tim reached up under the robe and felt her pussy. It was hot, puffy and wet, but nothing out of the ordinary. "I don't feel any cum leaking out. Are you sure?" 

"Yes I'm sure! They fucked me and fucked me all night long."

"Well, not that I can tell."

"I, I, I..."

"Say, thanks for helping us out tonight! I know that was a long time without a break, but I watched you and you were terrific! Great facial expressions and you can really moan like a bitch in heat!"

"I, I, I..."

"Chad says that thanks to you, we made a lot of extra money tonight!"

"Well, I... Hey!" She struck him in the chest and feigned a pouting look.

"Have fun? I thought you would. Say, do you feel up to helping us out again tomorrow night? I'll make sure that we find you some relief."

"I..." She looked over at Chad and then turned back to Tim with a knowing grin. "Sure. Love to, but don't worry about finding me any relief."

"I knew you'd say yes! Now how about one of your famous blowjobs baby?"

"I... mmmphh!"