 Nashana raced home from school. She had had a long day of dealing with all the crap that goes on from day to day at the local community college. "It is no different that high school was," she thought.

Her older sister Trish started the year before and everyone thought she could do no wrong. Trish always had things going her way. She had an awesome boyfriend, a cool job at the paper and always looked good. She never had a hair out of place. This was the same way as it was in high school. "Why couldn't you be more like your sister?" is the comment she always heard. 

Nashana burst into the door and raced upstairs to listen to her Ipod. She just wanted some time alone in the house before her sister and rest of the family made it home.

As she listened to her Ipod, she heard the phone ring. She wasn't in the mood for answering it and let the machine pick up. "Your dad and I won't be home for dinner," her mom said, "We are going out with some friends. You are on your own for dinner you two."

"Great. Tuna sandwich again." Nashana put one earphone in and was about to put the other one in when she heard a noise upstairs. She called out to her sister Trish. No answer but the noise stopped. She looked outside and saw Trish's car. She also saw Jake's car. Jake was Trish's boyfriend who had a great face, great shoulders, great chest and great ass. "Just once", Nashana wished, "Jake would get our rooms mixed up and jump me." 

Nashana sat up and went to the hallway. She heard some muffled voices and walked to Trish's doorway. The door was slightly opened and she peeked inside. She could see Jake's broad back and bare ass. His head was buried in her sister's thighs. Her sister had her head back and was trying to muffle her moans. Trish was making small circles around her nipples and then gently pulling on them as she thrust her hips up to Jake's face. Jake lifted Trish's thigh up a little and Nashana could see his tongue dart out and flick Trish's hard clit. Nashana felt her pussy moisten as Trish let out a little yelp.

Nashana knew her sister and Jake had sex a lot. She was just down the hall for Christ's' sake. She had heard her sister's moans before but for some reason; this time it made her feel warm. She peered back in and saw Jake move up her sister's body, kissing every inch on the way up. His tongue darted out at Trish's hard nipples as he made his way up. His cock sprung up like it was on a tight string. He slowly moved his cock into her sister's wet pussy. He pushed deep inside and then started to pump slowly. Her sister's moans became louder and louder. Trish tried to keep her voice down but this felt too good for her. 

Nashana had to leave the doorway. She was getting very warm and she could feel that her panties were very moist now. She began to move from the doorway when the floor creaked. Nashana's face became very red. She moved quickly to her room and quietly shut the door. She listened and didn't hear any moaning. She figured her sister realized she was being too loud and quieted her tryst with boyfriend.

Something had to be done about this wetness though. Nashana's underwear was soaked. She put her music back on and closed her eyes. Jake's face was what she saw and she imagined that throbbing cock moving slowly into her. Her hand slowly pushed her shorts and panties to her ankles. Her fingers began to find the moist spot between her legs. She slowly began to rub an already throbbing clit. 

Nashana slid her fingers into her and moved them in and out of her. Her fingers were soaked now. She moved them up over her clit when she felt an extra hand on her thigh. Her eyes opened and she noticed her sister and her boyfriend looking at her.

"Were you watching us?" her sister asked. Nashana tried to lie but knew she couldn't. "Yes," she said, "So what if I was?" Her sister looked at Jake and then "Well, if you liked watching, how would you like to join in?"

Nashana was stunned. She had not even thought of that. Although it sounded wrong, her body was telling her that she kind of liked the idea. Before Nashana could answer, Trish slid her hand up Nashana's thigh and softly brushed her wetness. Nashana could not stop the soft moan that escaped from her lips. 

Trish slowly kissed up Nashana's thigh. Her soft lips sent lightning bolts through her stomach as Trish worked closer to Nashana'a aching pussy. Trish's tongue darted out as she gently probed Nashana's hot pussy. Nashana arched her back to Trish's mouth, wanting her sister's tongue buried in her. 

Jake could barely contain himself. He had been stroking slowly in the corner watching these two. Trish's mouth was busy but Nashana looked like she may want something to suck on. 

Jake moved to the head of the bed and pulled his rock hard cock out for Nashana to see. Nashana had her eyes closed so Jake put the head of his cock on her lips. He slowly pushed it back and forth. She could feel his velvet soft head move across her lips. Her tongue leapt out of her mouth to meet it and before she could open her mouth fully to take it in, Jake pushed it into her wanting mouth. He began to fuck her face as she sucked him in deep to her throat. 

Trish looked up and saw she had competition. She knew from experience that she would have to work Nashana's pussy hard to make Nashana forget about Jake's cock. Trish knew that Nashana had a little plastic friend next to her bed. She reached over and pulled out the 10 inch vibrator with a rotating head. She slowly pushed it into Nashana as her tongue worked Nashana's hard clit. Nashana let out a muffled yelp as the vibrating pleasure toy pushed into her soaked pussy. 

Jake loved Nashana's soft tongue on his stiff, throbbing cock. He fucked her face furiously as he watched his girlfriend lick pussy. He stopped fucking her face as he almost came. It was time for a switch. 

Jake moved down and pulled his girlfriend from her sister's pussy. Trish's face was dripping with Nashana's nectar. He deeply kissed Trish and pushed her toward's Nashana's face. Trish knew what he wanted. She quickly straddled her sister's face as she watched her boyfriend push his throbbing cock deep into her sister's hot bush. 

Nashana quickly thrust her tongue into her sister. She flicked at Trish's clit as she felt Jake ram his hard cock into her. Nashana felt a tickle in her pelvis start to grow. She then began to lick Trish more quickly. Nashana flicked the hard clit back and forth and then nibbled softly on it. She sucked it between her teeth and rubbed it with her tongue. Jake was pounding her hot pussy and the tickle was now a raging fire that was starting to move all over her body. Nashana was ready to cum. 

Jake pushed his cock deep into Nashana. "She is tighter than her sister" he thought. He knew better that to say that out loud. He could feel his balls tighten as he began to fuck Nashana harder. He wanted to spray his juice inside her. 

Trish was rocking her hips back and forth. Her pussy was drowning her poor sister but Nashana was working Trish's clit like a master. Trish could feel her pussy begin to throb with her orgasm. She pushed down onto Nashana's face a little bit more and felt the tongue probe inside her. She moaned and rocked faster. She looked back quickly and noticed Jake's "cum face". She wanted to try something. 

Jake was pumping faster and faster. He noticed Trish grinding her hips onto her sister's face. He felt Nashana begin to shudder. He slammed his cock deep inside her and rotated his hips as he began to pump her pussy faster. She was cumming. 

Nashana could not stop her orgasm. She let out a loud moan as her sister pushed further down on her mouth. Nashana shuddered and convulsed with her orgasm and let out several more moans. She continued to lick her sister. Nashana wanted to hear her sister cum. 

Trish saw Jake get ready to do his "cum thrust" He always pulled his knees on either side of her ass when he was ready to cum. She quickly pulled him off and motioned for him to cum on Nashana's tits. Jake could not hold back anymore. He sprayed Nashana's tits. He took the head of his cock and rubbed each hard erect nipple. He then collapsed back onto the bed, spent. 

Trish was waiting. Jake fell back and Trish pounced on her sister's erect nipple. Trish put her aching pussy over one nipple and pushed down. She could slightly feel the nipple rubbing against her clit. She rocked back and forth. She couldn't quite cum. Nashana pushed her off and laid her back. She pulled out her toy and pushed it into her sister. While flicking her sister's clit, Nashana moved the vibrator expertly in and out of her sister. In no time, Trish was calling God and flopping around on the bed in sweet ecstasy. 

For several minutes, no one said a thing. They laid there, not sure of what exactly had just happened. Finally, Nashana says, "Haven't you two heard of knocking?"