 I knew that eventually it would happen, I should have guessed it would be today...

I awakened to feel Matt rubbing my breasts and gently pinching my nipples. As I opened my eyes, I saw his beautiful cock in my face. I opened my mouth and began by gently wrapping my lips around his enormous head. I smelled the aroma, and tasted it...yep, he really did do it. I could taste her pussy all over the head of his cock. The smell and taste of her pussy nearly drove me wild, I sucked him down my throat moaning. 

Matt grabbed the back of my head with one hand, guiding my mouth along his cock. His pace was a bit unhurried at first. "That's right, suck that hard cock baby. Can you taste her?" 

I moaned a yes. His free hand snaked its way from my now hard nipples to my clit. I could feel my pussy dripping. 

Matt has been hard for Jade since they met at work, and it is no wonder why. She is a hot little brunette with tits that look awesome even disguised under a nurse's uniform. The little pout on her lips force you to imagine her sucking cock, or in my case sucking a clit.

I felt Matt's hands spreading my thighs farther apart, then rubbing my clit. He dipped a finger into my wet pussy, and then brought it to my face. "ummm, my little slut is a horny one this morning!", he said as he pulled his cock away and gave me finger to suck on. "You really enjoy knowing that I fucked her this morning don't you? Do her juices taste as good on my cock as you thought that they would?"

I moaned another yes, as I switched from sucking his finger back to sucking his cock, "I just knew that she would taste sweet!" I managed to get out as I slid my lips down the shaft of his cock. As I was working my lips and tongue toward his cocksack, I heard a slight noise, and felt the bed move. It did not take me long to realize that he had convinced Jade to come home and fuck both of us.

As my lips reached his nuts, I felt her soft hands on my inner thighs, and then I could feel her warm breath hovering above my clit. I thought that I would cum at that very moment.

"Oh, just look at her creamy pussy Matt!",Jade exclaimed. "I have to taste her." And with that, Jade lowered her tongue to my aching clit. She began licking and sucking on my clit sending shivers all over my body. 

I continued to stroke Matt's cock and suck his nuts all the while going crazy with lust. Jade was about to make me cum for the first time within just a matter of minutes. Maybe it was her silky tongue on my clit, and pussy lips, or maybe it was the fact that Matt and I had talked about this fantasy a number of times, either way I was having cum number one of the day.

We took a short break for a smoke...

As the effects began to tingle within all of our bodies, we returned to the bed room. Matt kissed Jade passionately, and then took his place on the chair next to the bed. Jade joined me on the bed. Jade made it to my lips and gave me a kiss as passionate as she had given Matt. While she snaked her tongue inside of my mouth, her fingers found their way to my dripping pussy. She dipped two fingers inside of me, and then used one to swirl around my clit. Her touch felt like warm silk touching me. 

I stopped Jade, and rolled her onto her back. I could see Matt sitting in the chair enjoying the girl on girl action. I lowered my lips to Jade's huge breasts. I took one nipple into my mouth, and the other between my fingers. I felt her body stiffen. She smelled of vanilla and her skin was soft and sensuous. I lowered my hand to her mound. I rubbed her mound and thighs until she was nearly begging for me to touch her pussy. 

I lowered my lips to her pussy. I could feel the moist warmth before my mouth made contact. I spread her lips, and began licking her clit. She writhed beneath my tongue. I made it a point to position my ass and pussy high in the air, so that Matt could see how wet my pussy was. I continued to lick Jade's clit, and slid a finger into her sopping wet pussy. I gently curled my fingers to reach her g-spot. As soon as my fingers reached that g-spot, her moans deepened. I knew that she was enjoying our play. 

Matt rose from his chair, and climbed onto the bed with us. He strattled Jade's chest, and fed his cock to her. Jade wrapped her beautiful lips around his cock. I continued to lick and finger Jade to the brink of her first cum. As I felt her tense up, I backed off, and urged Matt to fuck her again. He needed little coaxing. I grabbed the head of his cock , slid it into my mouth, and then into the lips of her pussy. Jade gasped as he entered her for the second time of the morning. 

While Matt was pumping his hard cock in and out of her pussy, I began to kiss her deeply. Matt reached out and slid a few fingers inside of my pussy. It felt so wonderful. Her tongue deep in my throat, her soft lips on mine, and his strong hands working my pussy into a frenzy. When Jade and I broke our kiss, I slipped my hand to her clit. I matched my finger strokes on her clit to Matt's thrusts. Soon Jade was cumming all over his cock. Matt slid out of her and began jacking his cock against her clit, intensifying her orgasm. How he managed not to cum at that moment is beyond me.

Since he was not finished, I rolled on to my back and offered my aching pussy to both of them. Jade moved to my breasts, and Matt slid his throbbing cock deep into my pussy. I knew within just a few strokes that I was about to have a body shattering cum. Jade moved her tongue to my clit. The sensual feel of her tongue on my clit again, along with Matt's hard strokes in my pussy were driving me wild. Matt sensed that I was about to cum, so he slid his cock out of me, and had Jade to suck it. Oh she was beautiful sucking my juices from his cock. Finally, Matt slammed his cock back into me. Jade's tongue once again went to work on my throbbing clit. Within moments, I was into the earth shattering orgasm that I had wished for so many times. 

Matt could not hold out any longer, and he buried his cock deep inside of me, and shot his cum. I did not expect what happened next. Matt pulled out of me, and Jade buried her face into my pussy. She was tonguing my pussy so deep, licking up every drop of Matt's cum. When she finished, she crawled up my body and kissed me deeply. I could taste all 3 of us on her lips.

I now look forward to mornings when Matt and Jade have worked the night shift together. Matt also enjoys it when he works, and knows that Jade and I are at home having a girls night...but that is a later story.