 On a sunny morning in May, he held the tray for Charlotte as she slipped in beside him.

"Good morning, lover." She kissed him lightly and he gave her bare and inviting boob a quick caress.

From the front of the apartment came a call, "Hello?"

He answered, "In the back."

She appeared at the doorway, glimpsing naked Charlotte only partly beneath the sheet. "Oh..., am I supposed to be here?"

"Come in, please. He likes to embarrass new girlfriends. Is one of those for us?"

She walked over and handed a latte to Charlotte, frowning at Mark. 

He said, "Charlotte, this is Marjory Owens. Marjory, this is Charlotte Thompson."

Charlotte said, "He has a rule that breakfast in his bed is only permitted if you are naked. Drop those clothes and get in the other side."

She started peeling clothes... slowly. "He said we were going for a bike ride. Nothing about naked breakfast and nothing about being his girlfriend. I was just introduced to him yesterday. We haven't even had a date."

"Marjory, Charlotte is my roommate. We are not an item. She is getting a PhD in geophysics at Stanford and is short of cash. She also is a semi-pro opera singer, and a semi-pro soccer player, neither of which pays any bills."

Charlotte added, "I am mostly into girls, but I get cold and he lets me crawl in and warm up. Once in a long while, I am needy and..."

He broke in, "Charlotte, Marjory is a very smart Harvard lawyer who was recruited by Theo to add depth to his legal staff. She has been turned loose to keep an eye on me and help with those nasty ambulance chasing lawyers who didn't like our last installation."

Marjory was down to a pair of skimpy biking shorts. "There isn't much here to get excited about, girlwise. Guys get a look at this body and go elsewhere."

Charlotte gushed, "You are a sight for sore eyes. Look at those thighs, Mark. You better behave around her."

Marjory was about 5-8 and 120 soaking wet. The shoulders were broad, the thighs were outsize and heavily muscled. Everything else was taut, without an ounce of fat.

Charlotte ordered, "Get in here before you get cold. He might as well warm you up too."

Charlotte retrieved juice, and an extra roll. They munched quietly. Marjory thought about how sharing seemed to be the order of the day in California. Mark's side felt very nice. She had never had breakfast in bed with a man, and never with a man and another woman. Was she going to see all of him? What if her hand accidentally strayed far enough to check his equipment? She realized that might be interpreted as an invitation she hadn't meant. Well, why not? Coming west had been partly to escape being the overprotected only child of two prominent New York lawyers. A small voice cautioned not to try everything at once. She shivered and goosebumps appeared on her front.

He asked, "Something the matter?"

She answered in a small girl voice, "No, I'm just not used to being naked with a guy. Couldn't I have been warned?"

Charlotte laughed loudly, "Honey, he specializes in getting women offguard and keeping them that way. Just wait until you go on a field trip."

"Field trip?"

"Well, he is Director of Field Operations, and you are supposed to learn what he and his group do, aren't you? I'll bet you will look tough in a hard hat and dark glasses with your hair tucked up."

He said, "Charlotte will take you to the store where they handle the field crew uniforms. Maybe today? We are leaving on Monday for Palmdale."

She slowly slid down in the bed until she could pull the covers over her head. Perhaps this would stop the avalanche of surprises he was dropping on her.

Charlotte put the tray to one side and rolled on top of Marjory, peeling the sheet back and kissing her ear.

"It's going to be all right. He won't attack you, and if he tries, we will beat on him."

"Does everything in California happen in such a rush?" Charlotte was wiggling on top, and pressing her hips down hard. Marjory was tingling.

He said in a gruff voice, "If you two don't stop fooling around, I will do the beating. Girl sex is only allowed in my bed on alternate Thursdays at midnight."

He tossed Charlotte off and grabbed Marjory bodily from under the sheet, carrying her into the bathroom and under the shower head. She screamed, but his brawny arms held her fast to his chest. She turned around and attempted to hide her private parts against his front. The water was finally warm and his hands soaped her surprisingly gently.

"New girlfriends get this treatment so that I become familiar with their gorgeous bodies. You don't mind, do you?" He knelt and soaped from her feet up, massaging calves and knees and thighs. Just as he got slippery fingers to her sex, she gasped out, "No, but you could have asked about this too."

"Kiss me."

She sank to her knees, wrapped hands around his neck, and did as ordered. Not many guys had ever kissed her, and this one was incredibly good. The kiss, that is. She didn't have a clue about what kind of man he was, except that Theo had said he was a terribly bright engineer with the best team in the company.

He handed the soap to her. "It's your turn to check me out, if you want to." He grinned at her frightened expression. "It doesn't bite."

Just for that, she soaped and squeezed hard. He moaned in her ear and pinched her butt.

They were toweling off when Charlotte wandered in to do her teeth and said, "You survived that well. If you've kissed him, you have to kiss me too."

Marjory was in the middle of the bath, barely able to stand, and smothered in Charlotte's big tits. Mark was pressing into her from behind and both of them were kissing here and there and mumbling that she was a great addition to their play group. She sagged against them and wondered what wild thing would happen next.

Mark announced that the first stop was at a bike place to get her a west coast bike, after which she would transfer to Charlotte's car for some shopping, including a field outfit and a dress for the dance tonight to which all three of them were going. And, by the way, they were enroute to the other house up on Skyline and she would need a sweater and jeans and... well, Charlotte would decide.

He had a low slung Toyota sports car which looked incongruous with his bike and its rack on the back.

She thought Ron's Bike Shop was awesome. Twice the size of the place she went to in Cambridge. Mark introduced her to Ron, "She is a biker from Boston and knows her way around. She has just joined my group, and as a signing bonus, I am buying whichever of your good bikes she wants."

Holding her breath and trying to stop shaking, she inspected the bikes Ron pointed out. Mark said she was not allowed to look at the price tags. Find something that would be good on hills because there were lots where they were going. On her fifth try, she saw one in her size equipped with her favorite derailleur. "May I try this one?"

Ron lifted it out of the crush, added some air, and helped adjust the seat to her hip height. The helmet he produced fit exactly right and she was out the door and down the street.

Ron watched the confident way she checked the bike's action and said to Mark, "I hope you are going to romance her. If you don't, I will. She must have a shelf of trophies."

She came back, smiling and breathing hard. "It's perfect."

"Ron has a bet with me. He says the number of biking trophies on your shelf is more than ten."

She stared at them and laughed loudly."Is this another California guy seduction technique?"

She laughed again and said, "Mark, you owe me a free dinner. There are sixteen trophies on my shelf."

As they were loading the bike, Charlotte arrived. "God, I wished I'd known I could get a free bike."

He chuckled at her, "You and how many of her sixteen trophies?"

The women departed for the surplus store, which hadn't seen surplus in years. 

"Mark and his folks are picky. It's part of their team morale boosting. Everyone gets field outfits from this store with logos on it. If we give them an order today, it will be ready Monday morning before you leave."

Dressed in an outfit her size, with aviator dark glasses, and her hair tucked into a baseball cap, she looked every inch a tough field supervisor, if a little on the lightweight side.

Charlotte giggled. "Say something important, as though you have been catching bad installations for years."

"Sir, this is not according to code and you know it. I'll give you an hour for a perfect installation or a written report will be filed."

"Fantastic! When we get up the hill, you are going to stare down Mark and make him grovel." She laughed hard as they drove away.

"We have two more stops, one for you and one for me. Yours first."

Charlotte wouldn't say more. After a few blocks, she parked and walked them around the corner and into a shop. Marjorie only glimpsed the Victoria's Secret sign as a firm hand in the small of her back propelled a reluctant body inside. A very attractive and well dressed young woman volunteered to help.

"This one is just arrived in California and needs new undies and a dress. Two sets for everyday, and two for clubbing with her boyfriend."

Marjory's protests were cut off as she was hustled into a generously sized fitting room and told to strip.

"Everything?"

"What do you think? We are buying underwear. Anita sees naked women all day long. She fixes them up with intimate apparel that drives their men crazy." Charlotte's laugh was sinister.

Anita gave Charlotte a look and asked, "Should we tell her?"

"Why not. Mark already told her I do girls."

Anita ran her hands up and down Marjory's firm body, saying admiring things about how enticing it was to have a customer with muscles instead of fat. "Charlotte and I are special friends. She came in for underwear and got an extra benefit from me."

"Anita, stop hitting on the poor girl and get some things for her to choose."

After the saleswoman left, Charlotte pulled Marjory into a tight clinch and said, "Don't be so tense. You have a gorgeous body. Shows all the work you have put in. You are making me horny as sin. Is it ok if I join you and Mark tonight in his big bed in the redwoods?"

Anita was back and checking the fit of a bra and panty set for daytime. "You have pastel skin, so I thought perhaps this pale yellow would look good. There is also a soft lime green."

She nodded. "Fine, I'll take both."

The next set was black, lacy and very skimpy. Marjory's eyes were narrow as she turned and checked her look. 

"He is going to get my dress off and just take me when he sees my body in this?"

Charlotte nodded, "You are totally delectable. Irresistible, in fact. Don't you want to be in bed with him?"

"I do, but does he get to call all the shots? I just give up?"

Anita said, "With those muscles, you don't look like a give up girl to me. Make him fight a little. Charlotte says he likes to rough house with his women."

"What happened to his last girlfriend?"

"She graduated from UC Med School and went to Boston to intern. Told him she needed to be a doctor more than he needed a girlfriend."

"Oh god, he sheds one to Boston, and gets another back?"

"Honey, we can talk romance on the way up the hill. Tell Anita how many of those in what colors you want and we're out of here. My treat this time. And give Anita a special hug. We may need a girl party soon."

They roared off to another building. Charlotte said, "I'm late and am dashing in. You follow if you want. We are having a short rehearsal for a concert Tuesday night."

It turned out that "we" was a chorus of thirty, and six soloists. The conductor warmed everyone up and took them through an hour of the hard parts of the concert. He finished with Charlotte singing part of a Desdemona aria from Verdi's "Othello." Her soprano voice filled the rehearsal space, impressing the other singers, who applauded loudly at the end. Charlotte said her thank you's and they exited quickly, heading up the mountainside. 

Marjory asked, "You have a marvelous voice. How come only semi-pro?"

"Major leagues are tough. Only a few make the big time. Mostly you get yourself all screwed up. I'm going to be a very good earthquake geologist and enjoy life."

Marjory remembered suddenly that she had not collected her overnight bag from the motel. "I don't get to bring any clothes with me? He said something about jeans and..."

"I'll bet you are so proper you don't even have a pair of jeans in your luggage." Charlotte's look was intimidating.

Marjory said, crossly, "This isn't fair. I feel like I am being abducted."

"You are, silly. Mark's sister shares the house when she is around and has a closet full of nice things more or less your size. Lean back, relax and close your eyes."

Marjory was doing that when Charlotte asked, "When was the last time you had sex? With a guy, that is."

"Charlotte, that is completely personal information. It was last New Year's, at a faculty party. I fell into bed with an assistant professor. We were both drunk and the performance was terrible. We couldn't look at each other for days."

"You are leading entirely too sheltered a life. It is my duty to bring you up to date. Culturally, that is."

She closed her eyes and tried to imagine what the joining of California, culture and sex might involve.

"Does this include supervising his..., I mean..., well, fucking me?"

Now, Charlotte's voice was cross. "See here, you stop all this fussing over a little consensual sex. He is a good lover. He will be nice to you. Talk to me about biking. How did you get into that?"

Marjory described summers in Ann Arbor with her cousins. Casual biking leading to a few races, leading to serious training and competition.

"I hated going back to New York in August for school, because biking was so much harder in the city. I went down one time and cracked my collar bone and my mother completely freaked out. Forbid me from even looking at a bicycle. I had to lean on my dad really hard to turn that around."

"You are going to have fun with Mark. I tried to ride with him a couple of times, but he is so strong and so fearless on that narrow road, it scared me shitless."

"How do I handle biking with him?"

"Use a sly voice and say that the first time out with a new partner on an unfamiliar route, you always go second." He will know you are trying to psych him. He will get nervous and maybe spin out. The next thing he sees is your fancy rear end fading in the distance."

"He'll beat me when we get back."

"If he does, you will love it."

When Charlotte stopped the car, Marjory could hardly believe the sight before her eyes. Nestled in a tall grove of redwoods was the little house of her dreams. A fairy place in the woods where elves and deer and bear cubs lurked. The city girl in her swooned.

Charlotte looked over and said, "Now what?"

"Where have you taken me? This is out of one of my little girl storybooks."

"Honey, this house has been here for generations of Mark's family. He tried to leave, but came back. If you love this place as much as he does, you will never leave either."

Feeling foolish, with sketchy underwear and an old fashioned dancing dress in her hands, Marjory followed Charlotte into Mark's magic kingdom. The interior was elaborately finished in redwood, with hundred year old fir floors that gleamed in fresh varnish. A row of shoes near the door commanded bare feet. Mark was in the kitchen, finishing a pot of clam chowder that smelled outrageously fine. He gave them both a hug and quick kiss. He had a heather colored sweater on and told her she needed to follow him. 

He opened a closet door and said, "Find whatever you need to get warm. Ellie is in Europe, she flies for United, and you are welcome to what you need." He turned to leave but stopped and circled arms around her against the wall. "Hope you don't mind a full court press from a guy you are supposed to keep an eye on. The minute I discovered there was no boyfriend, a terrific rush went through me. I'm sure we are breaking all kinds of rules about staff behavior."

She looked him straight in the eyes as his lips grew closer and said, "Yes," just as they collided with hers. Then she did something completely out of character. Her hands gripped his shoulders and turned them around so she could apply her whole body to his, and hold the kiss for a long, long time.

She whispered, "Do you have a complete list of rules we could break?" and kissed him again. He was hard against her lower belly and she was pleased. Maybe this wasn't going to be all one way.

Marjory found a pair of fleece trousers and wool slippers, then removed her top and bra. Holding the sexiest of her new lingerie, along with an Ellie sweater, she strolled back into the kitchen. Mark was at the stove, his back to her. Charlotte was at the counter, sipping a beer, and let out a long, low whistle.

"Charlotte said you would want to try this out on me. Hurry before I freeze."

He turned and froze himself. Biker girl was standing in his kitchen, small tits pointed directly at him, head tilted to one side with eyes locked on his. The bit of lace dangled from fingers of her left hand.

They allowed the silent tableau to continue until Charlotte intervened. "Mark, those nipples are stiff with the chill in here. Do something."

In three steps by each, they collided in a big whoof, and twirled. His hands were hot and clasped firmly to the cool boobs. She wiggled her ass in his crotch in front of Charlotte, who thought this was a sign of progress for the smart, inhibited lawyer from Boston.

Marjory wrapped the bra around his neck and said, in her lowest sultry voice, which she made up for the very first time, "If we are just here with friends, maybe I don't need it. Do you have a spare pocket?"

Mark kissed her head and bit her lightly where the shoulder muscle joined her neck. She shivered happily.

"Don't worry," he said, "there is a sauna for later. We cook our women all the way through." He eased the sweater over her head and checked the fit, front and back.

He put the wisp of cloth in his pocket and served the chowder. She asked for milk instead of beer and said, "We are still going for a ride?" Mark sensed there might be trouble coming and responded, brightly, "Sure thing," and skipped a beer himself.

Charlotte said, "I am doing the cleanup and then I have some practicing to do for the opera. It is better for your ears not to be here. Go bike someplace. If I am not around when you get back, it's because I need a run. Soccer game next week."

They checked over the bikes as he described possible routes. Holding the bike with one hand, she pushed against his front and said, "Charlotte tells me you will ask to be second, so you can perv on my tight ass. Since you will get as much of my ass as you want tonight, what if you lead out, and I'll lead back?"

"As much as I want?" His eyes widened. She had an incredibly sexy grin. Theo was so foolish, assigning her to his team. She was never going back to corporate staff. He knew that already.

"Within limits. We will talk, won't we? As you show me the wonders of your sauna."

The road along the skyline was narrow and winding, with plenty of traffic, including other bikers, some of whom wanted to dawdle, and some of whom thought they were practicing for the Tour de France. Carefully adjusting the rear view mirrors on their helmets, the two of them started at a good pace. She was right with him, passing as quickly as he did, not trusting cars to stay where they were supposed to. At forty minutes, he pulled into a rest with some benches and a view of the ocean in the distance. They sipped water and he said, "You are easy to ride with." He thought about saying he had never ridden with a woman as good as she was, but didn't.
