 When in Rome -- a mature lady's interest in ancient Rome leads her into the arena!

BOB

Babs had expressed interest in a late Summer break to Rome. Babs, with a Master's degree in history has wide ranging historical interests including ancient Roman history. In addition, we both still deal a little in antiques and antiquities a visit to Rome had been on our 'bucket list' for some time but we simply hadn't got around to it.

Although Babs main research has been mainly on the 'old' and 'young pretenders' in Scotland she had been reading several books on ancient Rome over the Summer. And whether it was the thought of seeing some of the architecture, visiting the museums and antique markets or even just admiring or sampling the attractive 'Italian stallions' she suggested a visit. As we are bothy semi-retired we were able to set aside just under two weeks for our break.

We found a nice little hotel near the Coliseum and for two days we ate in the hotel as we were tired out trekking round as we immersed ourselves in museums, culture and architecture plus visits to the markets. We purchased a few antiques at good prices in the markets including what the vendor told Babs was an ancient 7" long marble dildo. Needless to say, we tried it out that night in Babs pussy and ass during our lovemaking!

On the third day we took the Coliseum tour and I think Babs was a little bit disappointed when the guide advised her that many of the Roman's reported excesses including the raping of women by domestic and wild animals was thought to be little more than stories based on Greek mythology.

That night Babs decided that she should dress sexy, we go out for a meal and have a few drinks and see if we couldn't create a bit of our own sexual mythology with some younger Italian stallions. Her outfit of white fairly transparent tee shirt and long transparent skirt was both cool and sexy. The taut material of the top clung round her heavy unbraed breasts and showed the dark aureoles and nipples off to perfect while the tiny white g-string between her big jutting hips could be seen through the material of the skirt. It certainly hinted at the promise of the pleasure that the deep valley between her mature hips could offer.

I suggested a drink at the hotel bar and maybe get a recommendation for dinner. A dark-haired snake hipped bartender in his late twenties served us drinks and I noticed he had difficulty in keeping his eyes off Babs 40c/d boobs. As I sipped a beer and she a cocktail she said she was really disappointed that the sexual excesses of the Romans had been exaggerated as through her research she had hope to find and purchase for a client some erotica around the subject. We were surprised when our conversation was interrupted by the barman who apologised for interrupting but he had overheard our conversation and said that his brother who had an interest in all things from ancient Rome could probably help. He said he owned a small café /bar just over 400 metres away and if he couldn't help with the history could certainly provide a good dinner. 

Taking directions, we finished our drinks and I followed Babs swaying buttocks out of the bar, When I looked back I saw that Mario too was enjoying the same view!

Following the little map that he had drawn for us, we followed several twists and turns down small ancient streets into a small square which was dominated by three café/bars including one with the heads of a bull and donkey above the door. 

The café was fairly busy and slightly dark and atmospheric and we were met at the door most effusively by a slightly older early thirties version of Mario, Vincente. He said that Mario had called him to say that a very beautiful blonde English lady with an interest in ancient Roman eroticism and her husband would be visiting him. He explained that he also had an interest in ancient Rome and suggested we have something to eat and drink and we could have a chat and he could show her some rare material after the other guests had gone. 

He obviously liked what he could see of Babs' body as he was very attentive in getting her seated and in making sure her wine glass was kept topped up. When she went to the loo he saw that I had seen him watching her coming and going and he smiled and said "Your wife is very beautiful". I realised that even if Babs didn't satisfy her curiosity about Ancient Rome there was a fair chance she could get a good length of modern Roman man before the night was over.

Over an excellent meal with lots of wine including and complimentary brandies sent out 'for the lovely lady' we were able to relax and take in the interestingly decorated interior while Vincente and his waiter looked after the other guests. 

The frieze on one side of the bar was of combat in the arena between gladiators and also between gladiators and all sorts of wild animals. The other side was much much more erotic with scenes of orgies featuring scantily dressed young women and well-endowed men. The rear wall was the most spectacular of all with what I thought initially were two mature voluptuous women but then realised it was probably a front and back view of the same woman in an animal skin costume which was rather like a corset as her breasts, thighs and ripe cunt were exposed in one view as she lay thighs open on a bed of animal fur. The other view was of her lying face down with her ripe jutting hips exposed. In both cases she was being attended and serviced by Satyrs -- mythical creatures in both Greek and Roman mythology with the head and hooves of a goat and the body of a man with a large curved penis.

As we sat at the bar while our host cleared up and dealt with the remaining guests I saw Babs was greatly taken by this and I asked her did she find it erotic smiled and said she particularly liked the Satyrs. She said that her research had indicated that a great deal of the alleged bestiality of both Greeks and Romans was purely myth but she thought it may have existed in some form. 

Our host overheard Babs and smiling he said that rather than being myth he thought it may have been real and after he closed we could have a drink and see the material on which he had the murals based. 

Whether it was a genuine interest or Babs had seen the interested way this dark-haired stud had looked at her ripe mature body, Babs accepted with alacrity. I ordered more brandies and around midnight Vincent let his chef go, ushered his last guests out and shut up. He took us back through the café and ushered upstairs to his living quarters. As he did so I saw his eyes were glued to Babs big jutting buttocks perfectly displayed in the sheer skirt. 

The room was comfortably furnished and he produced and opened two good bottles of wine before going to a book case and bringing out some old heavily illustrated books. 

He initially showed us illustrations of the more martial games the Romans enjoyed including pitting gladiators and slaves against wild animals that had been brought from all over the empire before saying to Babs "I hope you are not offended by extreme sexual practices. The Romans believed sex was there to be enjoyed and had few if any limits in what they liked to do or watch."

He went on to explain that Roman men generally enjoyed sex with both women and young men and prostitution and orgies with young male and female slaves was quite common and clubs and small arenas existed specifically for this purpose. 

Babs brought up the fact that she had read that unlike the almost complete sexual freedom offered to men Roman women were expected to be virgins before marriage and chaste within it and adultery for a married woman was quite a crime.. He smiled when he asked her how she would have liked that. When she said not at all. His smile widened when she said that although we had been married quite a long time, more recently she had enjoyed experimenting with other people and we both enjoyed this.

She went on to explain that since she had started to dress sexier guys did come on to her and if she liked them and Bob was OK with it she would take it further either on her own or in a threesome or more with Bob.

Vincente smiled again and said "And how would you feel if I said I think you have a fantastic body and I would love to have sex with you."

She responded by smiling and saying "I'd quite like that but I'd like to hear some more about the Romans and whether they did use animals to rape or have sex with women,"

Opening a rather old well illustrated volume he said " Many old engravings certainly implied that they did use trained animals with women including to punish adulterous women. Whther this was men dressed as Satyrs or animals is not clear but the old art implies it."

He went on to explain that from engravings and art of the time and later, Roman men appeared to like their young female conquests to have smaller pert breasts and ripe rears. As they moved between girls and young boys' anal sex with both was very much the preferred method of sex outside marriage. He pointed out that in the engravings of orgies as he put it "few of the women are as well-endowed as you in terms of breasts." Certainly the engravings and plates he showed us had women with small breasts and heavily emphasised ripe hips.

Flicking further through the book he showed us plates of Satyrs, figures with a man's body, a goat's head and feet and a long curved erect penis. Following Greek mythology, he said that well-endowed young slaves were dressed up like this to provide entertainment with young females at orgies. Various drugs were used to help them keep their erection so they could ride several women in a night both vaginally and anally.

Babs said she had read about these and by this stage with two more bottles of wine nearly drunk murmured "I wouldn't mind trying a couple of them."

Vincent smiled and said "Well, it's just as well you weren't living then because as a married woman committing adultery with them was a great crime. They would have been fed to the lions and/or publicly raped by animals and you at the very least would have been publicly raped or beaten by at one of the special arenas."

The idea of the public rape and humiliation of adulterous wives was to stress that women should be faithful to their husbands. The humiliation firstly involved exposing the woman's breasts, and sex to public gaze, then having her used publicly by Satyrs and her perhaps even killed and fed to the lions.

He started to go through other plates of lions attacking women but seeing that Babs seemed excited by what she had seen I thought I would move things along by kissing her and fondling her breasts. I murmured" I don't know about Vincent but I am excited and I think you are excited by what you've seen so let's take this up to the present. "

He said "I want to show you some of the present." And pulling out another book he said that he was a member of a group that tried to keep the old legends alive and had special evenings where they were -re-enacted. He showed us some photographs of what looked like orgies including guys dressed as Satyrs and said that there was such an evening in two days' time if we would like to be his guests.

Babs said she would love to and turning around kissed him and thanked him for making her visit to Rome so special. She also said that if he showed her where the bedroom was she would thank him a bit more.

He didn't need any encouragement and taking her by the hand led us through to the bedroom with its king size bed. Having had quite a bit to drink I thought I would let Vincente have Babs first before I got involved and she was obviously keen because as he kissed and fondled her breasts and rear I saw her hand go between his legs and I heard her murmur "I don't know about Satyrs but that feels pretty good."

She soon had his cock out and dropped to her knees to take him in her mouth. She does give good head as she has a small pretty little mouth that gives good friction on your cock while at the same time she can take my nearly 7" cock right into her throat. His cock looked thinner but slightly longer than mine with a slight upward curve and after she did her speciality of cupping his balls and swallowing his length he really was quite rough in face fucking her. 

I thought he would come off but he obviously fancied seeing her nude and fucking her ass and cunt and pulling her up helped her lose her top and skirt. Bab's breasts always impress guys because although they are now slightly pendulous their sheer size is really attractive to younger guys who have been really looking forward to groping them when they see her as a mature 50yo showing them off by going braless in public. Vincente was no different as he sucked and groped them describing them as absolutely fantastic. 

But what really appeared to turn him on most was when he saw the size of her pussy which the g string was struggling to cover. He literally went into raptures over the size of it when he grabbed a handful through the g string. And when she stepped out of the g-string to show it in its full glory he pushed her down on to bed and went down on her. Babs has the biggest pussy I have seen. She has a very prominent pubic mound together with quite fleshy labia and all in all is a good ripe handful. When shaven I would defy any guy to see it and not want to stick his cock in it.

Certainly, Vincente gave her considerable oral stimulation as he buried his face in it and his obviously experienced tongue soon brought her to a very noisy climax. As she writhed a bit he came up off her and going between her ripe creamy thighs buried his cock to the hilt in her without much ceremony. He fucked her hard for about 10 minutes before bringing her to climax again and I saw his butt cheeks clench as he shot his load into her. 

As he dismounted he was still semi hard and Babs smiling murmured "That's what I like about younger guys, their quick recovery time." Before going down on him again and sucking him to full erection. As I lost my clothes to show her I too had a respectable erection Vincente murmured "I have had your fantastic mouth, that superb big cunt and I now want to take that fantastic big rear."

Babs murmured her assent and while I fucked her mouth I assume he went to get some lube. I hadn't intended to come off but her experienced hands on my balls and ass and the eroticism of the whole night and more to come I exploded into her mouth. As I withdrew my cock and she with a smile wiped her lips Vincente flipped her over and started lubricating her anus. As he lubed her with his fingers she kept pushing her rear up to take them deeper and this really turned him on and he went into her ass with one deep thrust which made her cry out. He really did bugger her and it was exciting to see her push her rear up to meet his thrusts. He rode her ass for about five minutes before he obviously climaxed in her bowels and she fell forward on the bed. But the ripeness of her ass and how willingly she had let her have it seemed to turn him on and instead of dismounting he slapped her ass and pulling her up again to her knees starting riding her again. This time his thrusts were deep but not so frenetic and Babs had time to get busy at her clit so that when he climaxed again some 10 minutes later she brought herself off. 

While Babs went to the loo to tidy up he and I had a drink and he was very complimentary about Babs body and how well she could use it. He smiled and quite cryptically said he thought she would really enjoy the special ancient Rome evening. When she came out she had tidied up her makeup and in the lamp light looked simply sensational and she smiled and said let me have a drink and then I want some more of those two cocks. She certainly got what she wanted as he and I took her in various combinations until nearly 5.00 am when he and I were totally sated and he said he would make us breakfast. He said he would get us picked up two nights later about 9.30pm When asked about dress code he said smart for me and sexy for Babs. We left his place about 6.00am and slept most of the next day and had a light supper. 

The next day we had a leisurely start as we thought it could be a later night and maybe another session with Vincente. After brunch Babs went shopping to get an 'extra special dress' while I had a leisurely walk round the markets. We had arranged to meet late afternoon in the bar for a drink before getting ready.

I arrived first and was met by a beaming Mario who said he he understood we had an interesting night with Vincente. When I said it had been fun and very interesting he said we would find the visit to the club even more interesting. It was a discrete member only club but because of Babs interest in ancient Rome Vincente had got us temporary membership. He was sending a car for us at 9.45 sharp. He said he himself hoped to be present for the main entertainment which usually took place about 12.00 -- 1.00. When I asked him, what form the entertainment took he rather cryptically said "That of ancient Rome."

He went on to say that Vincente had told him that my wife was not only beautiful with a fabulous mature body but also liked a lot of sex, and with her interest in ancient Rome he was sure we would have a great evening. 

I was about to ask him more but he looked past me and murmured " Here she is now, she really does have a fabulous figure." I have to admit that she did look stunning even just in a simple white tee shirt and tight white jeans. 

She had a G&T while Mario gave her similarly evasive answers to her questions that he had given to me. He said Vincente had told him he had given us some background about how the club attempted to keep some of the ancient Roman practices alive and with her interest in these she should find it a very entertaining evening. He said he hoped to join us later in the evening and rather flirtatiously she put her hand on his arm and said "That would be nice, perhaps Vincente as well."

We had ordered a quick snack in our room while she got ready.

Her red dress was simple but showed off her curves to perfection. It was low cut and showed her considerable cleavage off while clinging seductively to her unbraed breasts- emphasising both the size of her breasts and showing off her nipples through the taut material. It was fitted at the waist and tight round her rear dropping to calf length but showing a bit of leg and thigh with a side thigh high split. With her blonde hair fluffed up and much heavier makeup than normal she looked very spectacular and much younger. 

We stopped off for a drink in the bar and the dress very obviously got the seal of approval from Mario. He came around the bar 'to get a look at her' and pronounced her simply fantastic. He whispered to me "You are a very lucky man to have such a beautiful wife, with a fabulous body and one who I understand loves sex. She will enjoy tonight."

The car arrived at precisely on time and a young guy Paulo having looked Babs over appreciatively helped her into the car. The journey took about 20 minutes through the narrow streets of the older part of town and it was getting dusk when he pulled into an old square dominated by what looked like an old theatre. A number of smartly dressed but masked couples were entering at the front but he took us round to a side door where we were met by Vincente in full Roman costume. After kissing Babs and telling her she looked great he took us into a side room where we signed a membership form before he provided us with fairly full masks. He explained that lots of the people who enjoyed the entertainment wished to remain anonymous. He said that there were bar facilities for members but as we were his VIP guests he had a private box reserved for us and he would organise drinks to be served there. When I asked would he not be joining us he said he would later but that he was one of the organisers of the entertainment. 
