 An old girlfriend had finally gotten divorced after five years of marriage, the last two, she claimed, miserable in every way. According to Annie her hubby’s middle name should’ve been ‘neglect,’ that neglect especially apparent in the bedroom. He was the sort who’d always rather play cards or golf or go hunting with his cronies than make love to his wife. And Annie had never been anything but a pretty horny bitch. Believe me, I knew. When we were younger, both footloose and fancy free, she and I would like to hit the clubs and go what we’d like to call ‘slutting’ together. A few times we found ourselves in the same room with a couple of studs, a stiff cock in my mouth, Annie yelping like a banshee as her cunt was pounded in the adjoining bed. We never switched partners then, but we sure had an eyeful of each other having sex.

She said she felt like visiting the city for a spell and I told her she was welcome to stay with me for as long as she wished. She liked that idea, liked it a lot.

Steve had met Annie at a dinner I had given for some friends a few days prior. But now he was here to spend the night with me. Annie was home too and after we tried watching a very dumb and sappy movie, I suggested brightly that we maybe should watch some porn instead. Steve and I sometimes liked to watch tapes like that, I told Annie, so I thought that now all three of us could enjoy a dose of that sort of stimulation. For a brief moment she was a little taken aback, but then a bright smile lit up her face and she said, sure, show me what you’ve got.

So there we were taking in a scorching tape. This scrawny blonde bitch with huge tits was taking on three guys at once, sucking a cock while taking two more in her cunt and ass.

“Oh shit, look how thick that cock is she’s got up her ass, how can she do it?” Annie wondered aloud, her eyes unblinking, her jaw slack in awe as she gazed at the raunchy spectacle.

Steve and I looked at each other and smiled knowingly, then I turned to Annie

“Well Steve over here has one just as thick, maybe even thicker, and I take it up the ass all the time, don’t I, baby?” I announced boldly, looking first at Steve, then over at Annie as I brazenly slid a hand down to the crotch of Steve’s jeans, resting it there. Annie, of course, could not fail to notice.

“You do, Jade?” Annie said keenly, like a girl who’s just been told a big, shocking secret. “I like it up the ass too sometimes, and I’ve taken a few modest ones up there. But Alan? Either he couldn’t get it hard enough to work it inside, or if he did, he’d get so excited so quick he’d just blast off after a second, after he barely got the tip inside me. That sure wasn’t a hell of lot of fun, if you know what I mean.”

“Well Steve doesn’t have that problem,” I purred, like a proud and contented cat, rubbing his crotch now, feeling him thickening and stiffening under the worn denim. “When he sticks it up my ass, he takes his sweet time and gives me quite a workout, believe me.”

Annie’s eyes darted about excitedly, from me to Steve to where my hand was beginning to caress him.

“Would you care to see Steve’s cock?” I asked, emboldened now.

“Uh– sure– why not,” she stuttered.

So slowly, with a touch of whorish flair, I unzipped his jeans and dug in. When I pulled it out, it was fully erect. Which didn’t surprise me. Steve always rises to the occasion, rises to full mast.

“You like?” I said, staring right at her, as I stroked the long, thick shaft.

“Oh yeah, I like a lot,” she gasped, a little breathless, “that’s a nice one.”

I looked at Steve, then at Annie.

“You know Annie, Steve was planning to spend the night. And whenever he spends the night we fuck like two horny bunnies. Maybe you’d like to join us in the bedroom and watch us do our thing?”

She was speechless.

“Uh-- I don’t know– are you sure that would be a good idea?” she sputtered.

“We’d like that, actually, we’d like having an audience. Wouldn’t we, Steve?”

“Yes we would,” Steve answered. I knew him, and I knew how much he loved showing off. He couldn’t have been happier, his rigid cock sticking out in full view of my girlfriend.

“Well, alright. Okay,” Annie said a little breathlessly as I stood up and led Steve to the bedroom by his cock, Annie following.

There was a comfortable armchair in the bedroom near the bed, and Annie settled down in that. Meanwhile I took off Steve’s jeans and then his briefs as he pulled off his T-shirt. Suddenly, there he was, stark naked. Now I followed suit, unzipping my skirt and pulling off my sweater. I wore no bra and Steve took off my panties.

“Naked as on the day we were born,” I announced as Steve and I tumbled down on the bed, coming close, hugging and kissing passionately. Then our eyes darted over to Annie.

“Look at you two!” she said, still astonished.

“And look at you,” I said, “you know, Annie, you can make yourself as comfortable as you wish. You don’t have to be shy.”

But she was a little shy, blushing now.

“Uh– if it’s okay, I’ll stay just the way I am. For now.”

That ‘for now’ certainly was provocative. But we’d see what happened, how everything unfolded. I wasn’t going to press the point.

Slowly I ran my tongue down Steve’s neck, over his shoulders, to his chest, kissing, then gently sucking on his nipples. They always stiffened a little when I licked and sucked them. Steve’s entire body was one, big erogenous zone. 

Now my tongue glided even lower as I gazed at Annie. I dragged my tongue down over his stomach to his pubic hair, where I lingered a moment, taking hold of his cock again.

“Would you like to see me suck this cock?” I asked Annie, my voice a tease.

“Sure Jade, let me see how you like to suck it. Maybe I can learn a thing or two.”

I laughed. It had been quite a few years since Annie had seen me suck a man’s cock. I was good then, and, if anything, my skills as a fellatrice had improved.

So now I opened my lips and took the smooth bulbous head of Steve’s cock in my mouth, my eyes locking with Annie’s as I began to suck him. I took my time, sucking him vividly, sensually, slowly taking every rigid inch of Steve in my mouth and down my throat, having mastered this trick deftly by now. Finally my lips were pressed against his balls, the full length of his shaft engulfed.

“Holy shit, Jade! Look at you! The whole damned thing!”

I loved it, loved having my old girlfriend watch me give Steve a nice obscene blow job. I took my time sucking and licking his cock, finally dragging my tongue and lapping away at his hard, heavy balls. 

“Oh yeah, Jade, lick ‘em!” Annie hissed, quickly getting into the spirit of things.

“Now watch me lick something else,” I said, suddenly getting Steve to turn over on his stomach as I spread apart his cheeks, exposing his asshole, making sure Annie had herself a good look of the puckered sphincter.

“Mmmmmmh. Yum yum!" I purred lewdly, licking my lips. I flickered my tongue like a snake, showing off, then pressed that tongue against the hot rubbery ridge of his anus. Steve groaned unabashedly. He craved that hot, slippery tongue of mine in his crack, rimming him hungrily. And there was just something about getting behind him and licking his ass which brought out the beast in me, the servile beast. So rim him I did, lapping away at his ass while I held him wide open, really eating him up, making sure Annie had herself a perfect view. 

“Oh fuck! Oh God! That is so fucking hot!” she screeched.

I licked his ass with real zest, rather sluttily, making it all extra hot for Annie. And, of course, for Steve. 

“Watch this,” I said, licking the middle finger of my right hand lewdly, then bringing it down between Steve’s buttocks and sliding it into his ass. I worked it in slowly, smoothly. Steve moaned, which certainly did not surprise me.

“He loves my finger up his ass,” I said to Annie..

Unconsciously, Annie’s hand slid closer and closer to her pussy until now her fingertips were just about at her crotch.

“You can touch yourself if you want, Annie,” I told her, pulling away a moment.

“Oh, what the hell!” she said suddenly, hiking up her skirt above her waist and reaching under to pull down her panties, then spreading her legs. Suddenly there it was, vivid and exposed, her cunt. It was nice and bushy, something I knew Steve would appreciate.

I could see that her pussy was moist, it was gleaming a little as she reached down now to finger herself, strumming her clit, vivid even at this distance, a hard smooth, little pea atop the two nicely etched folds of her vulva.

Now it was time to show off my hot little vulva. So I pulled my face away from Steve’s bottom and turned around to face Annie, spreading my legs wide, the two of us now just fingering our own pussies as Steve watched, fisting his shaft.

“I’m wet,” I announced.

“So am I!” Annie said, laughing happily. “Soaked!”

“Would you like to lick my wet cunt, Steve?”

“Yeah, baby, I’ll lick it for you,” He said, burying his face between my legs and giving me a tender, sensual dose of his patented oral love-making. He just loves the taste of my pussy.

“You know anytime you feel like joining us a little more intimately, having a taste of Steve, or me, whatever, just jump right in,” I told Annie, seeing her excitement build. Once she and I, a little drunk, had played with each other’s pussies, fingered them and licked them a little. That was years ago. Since then I’ve tasted my fair share of pussy, and had quite a few eager sluts lap away at my own. I didn’t know whether Annie went that route herself, though.

“Thanks, but all this is sort of new for me, breaking up with Alan and everything. So if it’s alright with you guys, tonight I’ll just watch.”

“You mean watch and masturbate,” I reminded her.

“Yeah,” she smiled, relaxed and aroused, fingering her cunt excitedly now with her busy fingers, “watch and masturbate!”

Now I pushed Steve down on his back again and straddled him, taking his cock in hand and positioning the tip right against my pussy, turning to do this so Annie had herself a perfect view. Then I just bore down nice and steady, impaling myself on Steve’s ample inches, riding him vividly, looking back over my shoulder at Annie, her fingers a blur down in her pussy.

“Like watching me fuck Steve?”

“Oh shit, yeah! Better than that video any day.”

Now to show my girlfriend just what a lewd slut I could be, I wet a finger in my mouth, making a production of it, like I was a whore and that finger was some trick’s cock. Then I reached back with that finger and slid it into my own asshole.

“You are such a slut, Jade,” Annie said, smiling knowingly, “you always were.”

“That’s right, I’m a slut and I love being a slut,” I said, “and I bet you’d make a pretty good slut yourself, Annie.”

“Maybe I would,” she purred, licking her lips, getting right into the spirit.

“Baby?” I said, looking down at Steve, “how’d you like to fuck me up the ass now? Annie was pretty impressed watching that stud ram his thick one up that blonde bitch’s shithole. I just know she’d love to see you bury yours up my tight little bottom.”

Steve had that pure satyr look on his face, loving the sluttish banter.

“What do you say, Annie?” Steve said, looking over at her, “you want to see me fuck your girlfriend up the ass?’

“Uh huh!” Annie enthused, “Do I ever!”

So now I lifted myself off of Steve and got up on elbows and knees, assuming the position, sticking it out, reaching back to spread myself open, showing off like a bitch in heat.

Steve brought his tongue right up to the hot spot and leisurely lapped away at my sphincter as I moaned and groaned, insanely aroused. He took his sweet time making a meal out of my asshole, then slid a finger inside and probed sensually. I craved that as much as he did. 

The prospect of a hot ass fuck always pressed my button, but having Annie here to watch and witness only juiced me up more than ever.

“Hey Annie?” Steve said, “open the top drawer of that dresser. There’s a tube of lubricant in there. Bring it over here.”

Steve, wicked as always, was going to lure Annie to do at least a bit more than just sit there and play with herself. So now she retrieved the lube and brought it to Steve.

“Open it and squeeze out a dab,” he said, extending his fingers. Annie squeezed a big dab of the clear jelly onto his fingers.

“Now hold Jade open for me, will you?” he asked, his voice insistent, seductive.

She hesitated a moment but then took hold of my buttocks and held them apart as Steve slapped the lubricant between my cheeks, rubbing it over my asshole, working it in with a couple of stiff fingers, Annie watching, I watching them both over my shoulder.

Finally Steve pulled his fingers away and knelt behind me. Annie was about to pull back too when Steve stopped.

“No, keep holding her ass open,” he told her, and I smiled to myself. At that moment I knew that if not tonight, then sometime soon, Annie would be lured fully into our carnal web, a willing, an eager participant in our lustful depravities.

For now Annie did her part by keeping my buttocks separated as Steve worked the tip of his cock against my greased hole and then just drove it inside, nice and smooth, inch by thick inch. 

“Oh shit! That feels so fucking good!” I cried out, and I meant it too, though mouthing the words was for Annie’s benefit too. But this wasn’t just banter for Annie’s ears. No. I always crave that exquisite moment when Steve’s steely cock forced its way first up into my anal passage and then deep into my rectum. He is an ass-fucking maniac and I am an utter addict for a stiff one up my greedy butt.

I looked back to see Annie’s face close, staring with unblinking eyes at where Steve’s cock was saying a nice friendly hello to my violated asshole. She got so close I could feel her hot breath on the smooth skin of my buttocks. 

“Well, now do you see what I meant before?” I asked, reminding Annie of her reaction when she saw how the blonde in the video was able to take a thick one up her ass without much of a problem and I told her Steve had an even thicker one, and I had no problem with his.

“This is so goddamn fucking hot, seeing you take it up the ass like this, Jade.”

“Glad you appreciate the show,” I said, pushing back lewdly against Steve’s thrusts.

I was aroused, very aroused, and my own fingers were whipping up a froth down in my own steamy pussy. I was at that point where one more flicker of the finger would’ve taken me right over the edge. But it was too soon. And so I took a breather by changing positions. I pulled back from Steve and pushed him down flat on his back, Annie wondering what was next, retreating to her armchair, and resuming the finger play in her pussy.

Now, with my back to Steve and facing Annie, I straddled Steve and lowered myself over him, impaling my asshole on his cock. Once he was securely inside, I flexed my legs and leaned back, supporting myself by my arms as I screwed my own ass on Steve’s fuck stick, riding up and down nice and slow, taking every inch until his cock was out of sight, the full length buried in my bottom, his balls pressing against my pussy. For an exhibitionist like me this is the position I really prefer. Everything’s in view, my asshole wrapped around Steve’s rigid thickness, above it, my cunt, raw and gleaming. All of me, on view.

I fell back now on Steve, freeing my arms, bringing a hand down to my pussy. Now I began to strum my clit feverishly as Steve pumped it ferociously up into my ravaged rectum.

Annie was strumming hers as feverishly as I, and now I could see her face redden as her panting deepened and her body stiffened. Suddenly, a moment later, she was like a puppet on a string, her limbs twitching, her head flailing as an orgasm tore through her body like a furious burst of steam.

“Yes, Annie, yes!” I shrieked, urging on her pleasure as I, too, suddenly went right over the edge enjoying yet another spectacular orgasm. For me, these kind were always the strongest, a cock in my ass, my own seasoned fingers knowing just the right pace, the right pressure. What more could greedy cunt wish for than to be pleased at once by a man’s cock and her own fingers.

Annie and I both took a few moments to settle down. But Steve was not settling down, he was still boning my ass fiercely. I had something else in mind for him now.

So I lifted myself off him and brought my mouth down to his cock, taking it between my lips and sucking it.

“Oh fuck, look at you, Jade, straight out of your ass!” she said, amazed.

“Yeah, fresh from the oven,” I said, licking him lewdly, sucking the shaft that had just been buried in the depths of my bottom. Then, suddenly, that sweet and familiar grunt as it began to shoot out of Steve, spurt after spurt. Most I took in my mouth, some on my lips and my face, letting him unload completely, emptying his balls of their copious yield.

Finally, after I squeezed the last drop out of his penis, I got off the bed and stepped up to Annie. There was cum on my lips, cum dripping down my chin.

“Have a little taste,” I said, licking my lips, beseeching her.

“I don’t know,” she said, her tone uncertain.

“Just a little,” I purred, pressing my lips to hers, she groaning as she tasted Steve’s semen on her own lips. Now, suddenly those lips opened as Annie surrendered herself to a wet, passionate kiss, sharing Steve’s cum, sharing it eagerly.

Steve, his cock still big and thick, though no longer quite so stiff, stared on in satisfaction, his essence now greedily shared by two sluts.

A few days later I told Annie that Steve and I had planned that night to visit a club we’d heard much about. It was said to be mainly a gay and bisexual bar, a sex club really. Straight people went there, though, I’d heard said, and the scene there reputedly could get pretty freaky. Steve and I had talked about going one night, just to check out that notorious scene, and since Annie was still staying with me I asked if she’d like to join us. It had been several days since that night she’d witnessed Steve and I having sex, and she’d really loosened up, talking about sex all the time, acting like she was keen and eager to make up for lost time.

So that night we went. The club was crawling with people, mostly men, and most of those men clearly gay. I’d heard there was an orgy area behind the main bar, a big room with several ‘play pits.’ Some pretty extreme things supposedly went on in those pits. There were also private rooms there for more discreet play. So the three of us drifted over to see what was up.

Pretty soon we saw exactly what was up. A crowd stood on a little edge above the pit, gazing down at the scene. And the scene couldn’t have been more vivid. At the center of it stood a man, a fairly nondescript man. Thin, on the short side, rather plain looking. No one you’d take any notice of if you passed him on the street. But there was one thing very noticeable thing about him. He had the biggest cock I’d ever seen, the longest, the thickest. I mean, maybe once or twice I’d seen such a specimen in a porn flick. But that’s about it. No, this tool of his was a true freak of nature. And naturally that freakish specimen was attracting much attention and many admirers. The pit was filled with naked men, most jerking their own cocks. But one man was down on his knees, his lips stretched to the limits as he desperately tried to engulf the massive cockhead of this obscenely hung stud. Pushing back on the cocksucker’s head, urging him on, was a woman, probably his wife or girlfriend eager to see her man suck the biggest cock in town. 

“That’s it, you little faggot, suck it like you mean it” she hissed at him, She even had herself a taste of it too, but then quickly turned the cock over again to her guy, obviously very much in the mood for a boy-boy play. And, suddenly, so was I. And depraved bitch that I am, a lewd and wicked thought came to me.
