 Derik had shot his load all over his chest watching the two girls enjoy themselves. he was jerking the last of his semen out of his still throbbing cock when Lindsay turned her body around and faced him. She slid her body up his open legs and proceeded to lick the cum off his torso and chest while Alex recovered.

"Lick it all bitch" he joked as he played with himself again. "Alex?" he questioned, "you still with me?" as he raised his head to look at her sprawled out on her back at the bottom of the bed, breasts rising up and down steadily.

"Sure am D" she smiled turning her body around and crawling up behind Lindsay. "Enjoy the show honey?" she asked rubbing between Lindsay's legs.

"Show's not over yet, baby" he winked and waved her closer up the side of his body. "I want you to lick my cum from this bitches mouth" he ordered Alex, his hand pulling her head to his mouth and brushing his lips over hers. 

"Anything for you, baby" she cooed, sliding back down the length of Derik's body and joining her lips with Lindsay's in a passionate kiss, savoring the taste of her own cum mingled with the Derik's.

"Lindsay, lay back" Derik ordered again, sporting his new found power over the girls. Lindsay obeyed and pushed herself back on the bed. She splayed her legs wide open for all to see, a clean shaven pussy and a big swollen clit throbbing as she touched it lightly. "Alex," Derik continued lifting her head up of his now clean but sticky chest. "I want you to eat the fuck out of that slut" nodding at Lindsay who was now inserting 2 fingers into her wet sloppy cunt. "Eat her out, while I pound your pussy from behind" he was telling Alex who started to move in between Lindsay's legs.

"I'd love to" Alex hissed and bent her head down and replaced Lindsay's two probing fingers with her tongue. 

Derik was beside himself. The girl he'd been after for two years was now eating out her best friend at his direction. Derik fell forward on his knees and kneeling forward probed his long thick tongue into Alex's dripping pussy. In a domino's effect, the pressure of Derik's tongue in Alex's pussy in turn relayed to Lindsay's who moaned with complete satisfaction. She was in her element.

Derik replaced his tongue with two sticky fingers as he sat up behind Alex's wiggling ass poking up in the air. He was now pumping his own cock with his spare hand making sure he was at full length when he entered this beauty who was drinking the juices flowing from between Lindsay's legs. 

Lindsay's first orgasm came not long after Alex applied pressure in her cunt. Alex had a finger in Lindsay's sloppy pussy pounding at her clit making her quiver again just as Derik pressed the head of his dick at the entrance of Alex's wet opening. She moaned into Lindsay's box as he gently inserted the head into her pussy, lingering so she could feel his length, then ramming the length of his shaft in her at high speed as she bit down on Lindsay's swollen lips.

"Take it all" Derik was saying while slapping Alex's ass, "I want you to feel my cum shoot up your body and out your mouth into that bitches sloppy cunt" he continued harshly as Alex tweaked her own clit as well as Lindsay's.

"Oh, Goddddddd!!!" Lindsay screamed as she reached her climax again. 

Alex wasn't far off either, her whole body shaking under Derik's firm grip. She lifted her head from Lindsay's saturated minge and screamed as her juices flooded Derik's expanding cock which not long after jerked then shot straight up her beaten cunt. 

"Holy Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck!" Derik was yelling, Lindsay panting furiously as Alex collapsed and was shuddering again biting on Lindsay's clit.

Alex was cumming again and again as Derik, finally spent pulled his limping dick out of Alex's pussy and collapsed back on the bed. Derik was the first to dress after wiping himself clean, leaning into Alex's mouth kissing her deeply. "It was worth the wait baby" he whispered in her ear, gingerly touching her cheek then falling to her full breast. "Clean your slut bitch up," he ordered for the last time and pinched Lindsay's nipple on his way to the door.

He unlocked the door and turned around to take one last look at the two girls before he left the party. Alex had dived into Lindsay's still dripping cunt and proceeded to clean her out.

"Good show baby" Lindsay moaned as Alex licked her juice.

"Indeed it was" Alex agreed and reached up Lindsay's chest and fondled with her breasts.

Derik smiled to himself and walked out the door, down the stairs and out of the party. Upon entering the driveway, he realised that he had forgotten his keys. It was a blessing in disguise he thought to himself as he really wasn't completely satisfied. he needed more of Alex. Just thinking of what the two girls were up to make his cock harden again in his pants. He turned around and headed towards the front door. When inside the large house, he ran up the stairs at great speed and opening the bedroom door saw Alex on her back resting on the brass bars of the bed head, legs splayed and tongue pashing Lindsay who had straddled her own torso.

Alex's clit was rubbing Lindsay's and Lindsay who had three fingers pounding in and out of Alex's wet pussy.

"Oh fuck" Derik whispered to himself, again locking the door behind him and disrobing himself completely. 

Alex saw Derik's body in the dim light of the room while kissing Lindsay and broke her lips away calling his name as Lindsay finger fucked her harder and faster. Derik's hard cock was at full attention again as he moved quickly behind Lindsay, in between Alex's legs. he couldn't manage to ram his cock into Lindsay who was straddled Alex rubbing clits so instead, pushed Lindsay off Alex's waist and pulling Alex's legs down to him as he jammed his pulsating dick deep into her well lubricated cunt. Lindsay wasted no time sitting on Alex's face so that Alex could tongue fuck her senseless. Alex delved into Lindsay's dripping hole and thrusted in time with Derik thrusting in her. Alex wanted to cum so bad while Derik was in her. She draped her legs around his waist and pulled herself towards him as he followed suit and pinged and probed her exposed and swollen clit with his fingers. Alex held off. She wanted them to all cum together so replaced her tongue with three fingers immediately ramming in Lindsay's loose cunt, her tongue darting over her clit while she reached up her other hand and joined with Lindsay's own hands in massaging her heavy tits. 

Lindsay started to shake first, then Alex and finally Derik as he throbbed and jerked at Alex's twat then shot his full load deep inside her. She in turn climaxed, her body shaking uncontrollably and her teeth digging hard on Lindsay's clit who had also reached a powerful orgasm, letting her juices flood Alex's face. Their moaning echoed in the room as the smell of pussy and sweat filled their nostrils. Derik released himself and began licking the outer lips of Alex. This time it was Lindsay who left first, leaving the door open behind her as she went, Derik still eating out Alex who was shuddering violently beneath him.

"I want all of you," Alex whispered to Derik still panting from her previous orgasm.

Derik didn't waste time and slid up her body and kissed her deeply for what seemed like eternity. "Another place, another time" he said to her pulling her up in a sitting position. "It's what you get for making me wait all this time."

Derik got off the bed and dressed. He blew Alex a kiss and walked out the door leaving the party for good while Alex was left used and abused on the bed, still leaking juices from her swollen and beaten pussy.