 We got out of the car and walked to the apartment front door. Trish gave Kris a quick hug and a kiss and then turned to me. "We have a lot to talk about. Let's go up and relax a bit before we get started." Feeling outnumbered, I just nodded and took Kris's hand. Trish seemed to ignore that as we went up to the apartment. I opened the door and in we went. Trish had a bottle of something in her backpack. "Bourbon," she said. "Anyone want a drink?"

Kris made a bit of a sour face but said, "Okay, if that's all you have." I just nodded yes and went to the kitchen to get three glasses. Trish poured three generous shots and raised her glass. 

"To Ken, who has survived so far. May he continue and here's to his very good health." Kris raised her glass. I hesitated, then raised mine and took a big belt of the stuff. As it burned its way down my throat, I realized something. 

"Oh, damn! I play tomorrow and I'm not supposed to drink on the night before a game. Don't tell anyone, okay?" 

Kris gave another giggle. "As if we would." 

I immediately said, "What's this 'we' stuff? Let's start there. How long have you two known each other?" 

Now Trish giggled. "Since yesterday, actually. Kris came to talk to me and we came to appreciate and understand each other." 

I was confused. "What does 'appreciate each other' mean?" 

Kris answered. "Well, we both like you and we both were a little upset at each other. Then Trish told me of her...initial training of you. Apparently you have potential. But like she said, you need a lot of work." 

I sat down on the easy chair and took another big jolt of the Bourbon. I coughed and then asked, "Training...what the hell does that mean. And what potential? The potential to get mind fucked? I can live without that quite happily, thank you very much." 

Kris turned to Trish and sat down on the couch. She patted the space beside her and Trish took the hint and joined her. Kris said to her, "I think you should take it from here." 

Trish took a sip of her drink and paused, as if deep in thought. Then she started. "Ken, we are all the same age here, but...in some ways...I'm older than you two. I mean...I've had some experiences that perhaps...you haven't." 

"I sure haven't," said Kris with a wistful look. 

Trish carried on. "I started being active...sexually...at an early age. I was...a bit precocious that way. I have an older sister who introduced me to her older friends. The two of us...made quite a pair. We were...popular, you might say." 

I butted in. "How early, if I may ask?"

Trish smiled and said, "You may ask. I was twelve and my sis was fifteen at the time. So I've been active for almost a decade."

Kris giggled again. "Which means you've got me beat by almost a decade."

It was my turn to chuckle. "You were having sex at twelve, with your older sister's friends? How much older, if I may ask." 

Again, Trish said, "You can ask anything you want. Chances are I'll answer. Let's see, the first guy that I had real sex with, meaning vaginal intercourse was...sixteen, I think. Statutory rape in my state, but I wasn't about to tell." 

"Statutory rape in all states," I added. "Your sister let that happen? Big of her." 

Trish frowned. "Ken, we all have our own ideas of what is right and wrong, particularly when it comes to sexual matters. Having been aware of what my sis was up to for several years, I wanted to join in. No one forced me. No one had to seduce me. I was...precocious that way. A regular little Lolita. I wanted the guys to...fuck me. I wanted to see them fuck my sis. I wanted them to fuck us both and they did. As I said, we were quite popular, at least with a select crowd. No one outside the crowd knew. My parents didn't know, at least until I was older. And even then, they didn't know much. My sis was careful who had...access so to speak. It was a great thing for me. I got everything I wanted and so did everyone else."

I paused and then asked, "Please explain 'everything I wanted'." 

Trish carried on. "Everything I wanted was straight forward at first. Serious petting, oral, vaginal intercourse, group sex and watching, that kind of stuff. Later came anal and some bondage which I really liked. Being tied up and helpless was a serious turn on. By the time I was a high school senior, I was into role playing, things like playing out fantasies, rape, incest, seductions, things like that. Does this make sense?" 

It did, in a way. "Well," I began, "it does explain the head games, the way you let me think I was...you know...in control for a while. But tell me, where does Kris come into this?"

Kris looked at Trish who looked back at Kris, then at me and said, "I think I came in by accident. When you showed an interest in me, it certainly wasn't any of her doing. You chose me yourself. She never said a word to me until yesterday. She told me basically what she just told you. Then she asked me if I would consider getting involved, the three of us at first, perhaps more later, perhaps not. It has to be a mutual decision." Then she looked back at Trish.

Trish took over talking. "What I see is starting a select group of like minded people, just like I was in during High School. A sex club if you want to call it that, strictly by mutual agreement and some rules, as in outmost confidentiality, discretion and adherence to the group, that sort of thing. No outside dalliances. No bringing in anyone without a group acceptance. No bringing in unwanted problems as in STD's. Every one gets a check up at first. That sort of thing. Kris is in if you are. If you aren't in, she says no and I wish you both all the best. No regrets, no pressures, just keep this all to yourselves. Give me at least that."

I had been listening intently but this last part was a bit much. A select club dedicated to sex. It sounded too good to be true. Or too true to be good. Perhaps Trish was simply playing us both, or perhaps Trish and Kris were playing me. I kept silent for a few moments and just sipped the bourbon. Then I looked at Kris. "So if I say no, you do as well. Why is that?"

Kris looked at me and in all seriousness said, "I want you. You're the first guy who has ever reached me. I want to be with you. So if you say yes, I go with you, even though it will mean sharing. If you say no, I still want you, so I can't say yes." 

I groaned. "So this is what 'no pressure' is all about. Even playoffs are a walk in the park compared to this." Then I looked at Trish. I took a big swallow of the liquor and said, "It's this way. In all honesty, I'm not sure you are being straight. Given what you've put me through, I have my reservations. This could all be part of a game for you." 

Trish just smiled wistfully. "I understand. You have every reason to be sceptical. You don't have to make a decision tonight. And as for showing you I am being straight up and honest, that will take time. So far, it's just the three of us. So why don't we all just chill and think about this for a few days? Any one want another drink?"

Kris held out her glass. I shook my head. The game tomorrow forbade another. As Trish poured another generous amount into Kris's glass, I said, "Whoa there, cowgirl. That's a lot of alcohol for a little lady."

She giggled yet again. "I'm in good hands. You won't let anything bad happen to me. Of course, Trish might." 

Now Trish laughed. "You're right. I just might." 

That made me think. I looked at Trish quizzically. "So tell me, if you will, with all the precocious sex you've been having, how much of it was with other girls?" 

Trish thought a moment and then answered. "Back then, it wasn't much. And it was never with my sister. At least if you don't count us both being with a guy or two. I did have a few encounters with friends. Sleep over type stuff. Later, when the group included a few girls I had the hots for, I developed a taste for girl-girl sex. I don't consider my self bi-sexual, at least as far as true bi- sexuality goes. I'm a straight girl who likes girls as well. There are a lot of us." Then she went silent for a moment and I looked at Kris. 

Kris looked back at me and said, "Yes, I think I'm one of them. I know I'm straight. But when guys don't pay a lot of attention to you, well...sometimes girls do. For what it's worth, I've had more sex with girls than guys. Not so much by choice as by...necessity. And yes, you were the one who...took my virginity." 

Kris was looking happy to have lost it. And I was very happy she had lost it with me. Then I looked at both of them and waved a finger back and forth between the two of them. Kris kept silent, so Trish said, "Not yet, but it'll probably happen." 

Kris quickly added, "Unless you feel it shouldn't." 

My turn to laugh and I did. "Well, seeing as how I've not exactly been...completely committed to one of you, I wouldn't have a problem with that." And in truth I didn't. I knew that lots of straight girls enjoyed each other's company. A lot of guys thought that made them gay, but I had been told different and I believed it. It just made them straight with fewer inhibitions. Trish smiled and Kris seemed relieved. She wasn't good at hiding her emotions. 

Then I thought of how March Madness had visually taken her to bed during class and wondered how she had really felt about it. "So Kris," I started, "have you ever gotten it on with a certain Professor of English Literature?" I thought she would giggle, but she was silent for a moment. 

"No, but...well, she has grad students and I have had...sex with one of them for a while. Okay, about a year. I like her but we only get together when we're both...desperate. She's one of March...well, the good prof likes her as well and she knows that...I'm ...fucking her grad student. The good prof suggested to her grad student that she set up a threesome. I wasn't ready for that, especially with a real les...gay woman. The grad student insists she's straight, but I don't know any more. She says she's...fucking March Madness to stay in her good books. But I'm beginning to think she likes it, as in really likes it. She says March Madness is into toys, bondage, stap-ons and such...of course if I go along with what Trish has in mind..." 

Trish burst out laughing. "Oh Kris, you have no idea." 

Now Kris giggled. "Yes I do." 

I looked at her, pretending to be aghast. "How do you know?" I demanded, with my eyes feigning indignation. 

"Because she...my grad student friend showed me, of course." 

Now I was serious. "Did she demonstrate as well?" I asked. Kris blushed and then blushed some more. Then she finally giggled yet again. 

"Well...of course she did, silly." Then she looked at Trish. "Maybe...that grad student....Lisa...she could be...one of us." 

Now I groaned in false exasperation. "No. Three girls and one guy? No." 

Trish was thoughtful for a moment. Then she said, "It depends. If your friend wants in, she has to give up the good Professor, or...bring her along, that is, if we all agree."

Now I was really worried. "Excuse me? Four women and one guy? I'm going to need a little help here." 

Trish just smiled. "Who do you suggest and why?" 

"Damned if I know," was all I could come up with. "And besides, I don't really know if I want to...who am I kidding? Kris, do you think we should say yes?" 

She only hesitated a second. "Yes." 

Now I hesitated a second, then, "Okay, Trish, we're in." Kris patted the space on the other side of her and I there moved there from the chair. "Now," I said. "First things first. Just what does 'he needs a lot of work' mean?" Trish and Kris both burst out laughing.

Again, Kris deferred to Trish. "It means you need to understand what this is going to be all about," she said. "It means you have to accept that things are not always what they appear to be. And most important, it means you have to always remember that sex is not love. For this to work, we all have to keep in mind that what we are doing is all about sexual freedom and exploring those things we wouldn't otherwise ever explore. Ken....." Her voice trailed off. 

"What?" I asked, waiting for the shoe to fall. Trish looked at Kris, then down to her lap for a few seconds. 

Then she looked at me with all sincerity and said, "I'm not sure you can separate your feelings about attachment from your feelings about sex. In my experience, guys often have no trouble having sex outside a relationship but go ballistic if she does. Some guys just can't play fair. What I'm proposing is all about playing fair. It's a sauce for the goose sort of thing. I need to know that you can emotionally handle...say...watching some other guy having... no... fucking Kris. I know she means so much to you. The emotions you have experienced so far are deep, but they will get deeper if we do this. I know it might seem at first that an opportunity like this is like manna from heaven, but, believe me, it doesn't always work out that way. You can get hurt, seriously emotionally hurt. And always remember, you would be in a position to hurt others. This is about playing games, sexual games. It mustn't be about a private game within the game. For example, if March Madness is part of this and you then report her activities to the University, she could lose her job and her career. This sort of thing has endless possibilities for mutual pleasure and growth. It also has endless possibilities for misuse and abuse. It works only if everyone is up front, honest and keeps what happens in the group to our selves." 

With that, Trish stopped talking. I thought another drink would help, but instead just sighed. Kris leaned against me and my arm went around her. She held out her hand to Trish who took it and the three of us sat quietly for several minutes. My mind tried to think about this offered entry into the world of casual, relationship free, sex for the sake of sex thinking. Bondage? Watch as some guy or girl or both, tied up Kris who would pretend to be resisting, screaming perhaps and then proceeded to do whatever they pleased? Rape scenes? As much as thinking I had really been raping Trish anally had given me a sense of power and the mother of all orgasms, could I accept some guy or three proceeding to do that to Kris, even if I knew it was fantasy? Could I really have pleasure, having anal intercourse with Kris while March Madness stood there and said, 'Fuck her! Fuck her in the ass! Do it!' 

"I need to think about this. I really do," was all I said. And looking at Kris, I asked her, "Do you really know what this could do to us? Do you want to know the kinds of things I am capable of doing? The things I've done...with Trish?" 

Kris was quiet at first, then said, "I already know, Ken. You've told me." 

"That's not quite what I meant. I meant the kinds of things that were going through my mind, the emotion, the hate...the need for revenge...I was so worked up last Saturday night I almost killed a guy. And then I cut him like he was a piece of string. I'm not sure who I am anymore. And God knows who I might become with all this." 

Kris was again thoughtfully silent for a minute. Trish knew enough to let us talk this over without interrupting. Kris finally said, "Ken, lets just not talk right now. I think I know more about this as I talked it over with Trish for an hour or so. But still, I don't really know how I truly feel. It's all so very new, so very much different from anything I have ever known before. I think we should all just sleep on it for a while."

I glanced at my watch. It was just coming up eight. What I should have done was go back to the campus and hit the books. At least, that was the proper academic thing to do. But I was tired. Both emotionally worn out and feeling a seldom felt low energy state. The last three days had been awful. I had been afraid that I had lost Kris and now I was looking at something surreal. My head just wanted to go to sleep. The apartment's owner was not due back until next week. All I wanted to do was crawl into the bed and go away. 

I glanced over at Trish. "How did you get here?" I asked. 

"I have a car." Of course she did, I thought. I really was getting brain dead. 

"Okay," I said, "how about you two leaving me here and I'll just crash. My head feels like it's about to shut down. Kris, I'm sure Trish will get you back." I got up and stretched. Then I looked at both of them, who were looking at each other. Then they both looked at me. 

"What?" I mumbled.

"I'm not leaving you," Kris said and Trish added, "And I'm not either." I tried to digest that but gave up.

"Okay," I muttered and headed for the bedroom. 

I stripped down to my shorts and went into the en suite, closing the door. I emptied my bladder, rinsed my hands and looked at myself in the mirror. I wasn't sure I recognized the guy looking back. Opening the door, I saw Trish and Kris also losing clothing. Unreal. Two near nude, gorgeous women, one bed and I was too tired to appreciate it, let alone do anything. I had enough brain power left to get into the middle of the bed. Kris and Trish, now in panties alone, both went into the en suite. I heard the toilet flush twice. I was almost somewhere else when they got into the bed, on either side and both cuddled up. I felt strangely happy, brain dead but happy. No one said anything and I felt myself drifting away.

When I woke up, I had a momentary feeling of panic, the kind you get when you don't know where you are. I must have physically startled because Kris, who was half on top of me murmured. In the faint light coming through the bedroom curtain I could see her eyes flicker and open. Then she startled and I whispered,"It's all right. You're with me...Ken." She was tense for a second, then relaxed. 

Trish was still asleep, lying on her tummy with her arms curled underneath her chest. The bedcovers were kicked off. That was probably my doing. I was a furnace and didn't like sleeping while over heated. Trish looked cold, so I reached down and pulled up some covers and tucked them around her. Kris just laid still, part way on me and snuggled in tight. One leg was over me and her vulva was tight against my thigh. She moved it a bit, getting even closer and I felt a stir where last night, there had been none. Kris must have noticed. "Feeling better?" she asked quietly.

Her hand started to trace over my penis. She gently, almost indifferently stroked it, and I let her. Never having been in this situation before, I wasn't sure about etiquette. "Should we wake up Trish?" I whispered. 

"How should I know," was the answer. 

"What time is it?" I asked.

"Does it matter?" was the reasonable answer, except the answer came from Trish. 

"She wakes up easily." I said to Kris.

Trish rolled over, stretched and then got up on one elbow and said, "I really, really want to get it on with you two. May I?"

Kris, whose hand was still caressing my penis, looked at me and said, "I guess this is where we start to learn about playing fair." Then she leaned over me, drew Trish's head to her and gave her a long and sensuous kiss. Trish kissed her back and her hand also went for my penis. 

They remained lipped locked for a minute, both massaging me to fullness and then, as if reading each other's mind, they both pulled my shorts down and off. Then, still kissing, they took off their panties and it started. Everyone kissed everyone. Hands went over two bodies at once. I had four nipples to kiss, four breasts to cup, two mouths to kiss and two very precious vulvas to fondle, caress and nibble on. Kris and Trish were good. They paid as much attention to each other as to me. I felt two mouths on my penis, four hands caressing my body and felt very connected to both of my lovers. 

We all gave and received oral sex from the other two. I don't know whose mouth I came in first. I didn't care. My eyes were closed and I was in seventh heaven. When I finally opened them, Kris and Trish were kissing and my semen was in both of their mouths. Their breasts were tight together and they seemed to be in a world apart, but only for a moment. Trish guided my head to her vulva as she lay down. Kris then straddled Trish's face and the two of us got down to serious sucking. 
