 Many years ago, even before I was a nurse, I trained in Mount Airy, Philadelphia to be a Doula or a birth coach. I was always fascinated by women's health and natural medicine, yoga. I did an internship at a Birthing center. Being a childless woman, it was interesting to learn about how women's bodies changed in childbirth, the process, etc. The woman teaching the class talked about natural ways to ease labor etcetera. I was a bit surprised when the instructor asked me and the 5 husbands because she wanted to show the men how to massage their wives to enhance their birthing experience. This is the true account of what happened in that little back room...

The labor coach explained to the wives that she would be right back and to help themselves to refreshments and take a break. We went to the massage room which had soft yoga music playing, dim lights and a lot of crystals and Buddha statues surrounded a large massage table that was draped with soft sheets and a headrest. She took me aside, behind the Japanese screen and asked if I would be comfortable lying on the massage table and she demonstrate on me the techniques that the men would use to massage their wives. I tentatively said yes, because, after all, I WAS a student. She requested that I take off my clothes, just leaving on my bra and panties and to lie on the massage table as she worked on certain muscle groups. I blushed because at that point in my life I had only been with one man and I was a bit shy. With a warm and reassuring smile, she assured me everything was going to be all right. 

There were five men. All handsome, well-built men. All looking a bit uncomfortable being in a new situation and out of their comfort zone. They stood around the table fidgeting, with their hands in their pockets, looking away as I awkwardly climbing on the table, lying face-down as the woman directed me. I noticed a faint whiff of jasmine perfume as she removed her blazer and her full breasts straining against her blouse. Were her nipples a little hard? I tried to control my nervousness as I laid my head in the headrest. She began to talk to the men about what kind of massage oil to use, recommendations for music, etc. I felt her slightly press the bottom of my spine and rock it. Then I felt that slight pressure of her warm, scented hands on my neck and I almost instantly relaxed. She was making long strokes along the back of my neck and shoulder blades, leading into my back, feathering her touch to my buttocks, then rubbing the backs of my legs and calves with strong kneading movements. I started to almost rock my body in rhythm with her strokes. She unhooked my bra and I startled but she quietly said, "shhh" to me as she demonstrated effleurage.

Her loving strokes were hypnotic. Before I knew it, she was turning me over and removing my bra. My large perfect 42DD breasts were standing proud as the men gaped at them. I saw stirring in their pants, lust in their eyes. A collective gasp ricocheted through the crowd. A little wet spot was forming in my boy shorts but I scarcely noticed it as my eyes became heavy-lidded in erotic bliss. She kneaded my arms, my torso and the fronts of my legs before concentrating on my tits, showing the men how to fondle their wives for milk let-down. The men were murmuring amongst themselves as their eyes widened at the sight of my almost-naked beauty. Then she slipped my undergarments off while simultaneously spreading my legs. 

She began to make circles around one of my breasts as she massaged my pussy, up and down, concentrating on my clit then hooking her index finger inside of me, explaining that stimulation of the G Spot would ease labor. At this point I was squirming on the table humping her hand and moaning because she was suckling one of my nipples and rubbing my clit in circles as she fucked me with that long elegant finger. I wasn't even embarrassed. All I wanted to do was cum. I could see and feel the men's rapt gazes and it only enhanced my arousal. I spasmed on her busily wriggling finger as she expertly rubbed my G spot. The men all groaned and she slipped away. I lay on the table contentedly but so turned on I didn't know what to do. 

I stole a glance around the table at the gathered expectant fathers. All their faces were flushed and they were breathing heavily with huge erections poking out of their pants. It seemed like it was almost coordinated but what felt like a second later, their pants were around their ankles and their cocks were in their hands. 5 different cocks...One short and thick, one long and thin, one had to be at least 9 inches long with a beautiful curve. They approached the table with begging in their moist eyes. With the tiniest incline of my head, I invited them to touch me.

One went right for my breasts, fondling and weighing them, sucking and licking the nipples. Another was exploring my pussy, pulling it open, examining it, touching it. Another was just stroking my whole body with his cock. One came to me with a question in his beautiful dark eyes and I opened my mouth and let me put his cock in. He was thrusting it in and out of my mouth and moans of delight were pouring from his mouth. The man who was exploring my cunt with his fingers was elbowed aside by the fifth man who spread my legs wide and began licking and sucking my pussy. He would alternate flicking his tongue in circles to lightly sucking on the whole clit while putting his tongue inside of me. It was insane. All the sensations of my breasts being touched and having that soft hot mouth feast on me made me crazy. I couldn't help myself. I came with a little scream in the man's mouth. "MMMM," he hummed as he drank my cum. The man who was rubbing his big cock all over me squatted between my legs and inserted his dick in me. I had an instant spasm. The guy who I was sucking on got really excited at the sight of me getting fucked and began thrusting harder. 

The man who had been playing with my breasts spread my lips apart and started to lick my clit with rapid quick strokes as his friend fucked me. They cradled me in their arms so they could hold my legs apart as each man had his turn inside my hot wet cunt. The smell of sex was intoxicating. One man fucked me then pulled out and licked my cunt and asshole. He slipped his finger in my rectum as he made love to my pussy with his mouth, tasting the other guy's spunk. Another guy put his dick in my mouth then masturbated all over my heaving breasts, dumping his baby batter all over my erect nipples. I was so insane with lust I was alternating sucking two guys and jerking them off as I was getting fucked hard. The man who was fucking me was rubbing my engorged clit as he rolled his snake hips, driving me into orgasm after orgasm. The other man had his tongue inside of my asshole and I could feel the friction of the tongue and the penis inside of me. 

Each man had a huge breast to play with. They turned me on hands-and-knees and a different guy fucked me doggystyle as his brother laid underneath of me and lapped my cunt and his brother's dick at the same time. I started howling as my ass was getting slapped and rains of cum were being showered on me...in my hair, in my mouth, all over my back, dripping down my legs...we all collapsed in a sticky heap as we heard a discreet "hhmm-mmm". It was my Doula instructor! The men rapidly zipped up and followed her into the other room sheepishly as I grabbed my clothes and threw them on, running out the back door...just barely hearing her call, "I'll see you next week Lisa. Hope it was a good class for you!"

Kisses...~sexynursechef~