 Vol. 5 -- a Fiery Conclusion!

Have you ever been to a health club or gym? Most of us have...the last decade has seen an increased public awareness in health and fitness, and more people than ever are going to these places to try to get in shape.

As you can imagine, all of this flexing and sweating can make for a very sexually-charged environment, from which lots of interesting situations can arise...

.....

The last week or so at the club had been one to remember... first, I wound up accidentally getting spied upon while in the shower after hours by my sexy young employee Clarissa. Then, I find another hot employee, Lori, spying on me from a closet while I'm naked for a massage. If this keeps up, I'm going to have to hire more sexy young girls to work here at the club just to keep things spicy! Come to think of it, that's not a bad idea...

A knock on my office door derailed my train of thought. I looked up from the reports I had been going over.

"Come on in," I called.

The door swung open, and I saw Lori standing in the doorway. I smiled at her. Seeing her standing before me in her tight club t-shirt and jogging pants, it was hard not to picture her crouched in the massage room's closet, her knees buckled from the orgasm that just tore through her luscious body, and her fingers, soaked with her own juices, being licked clean by yours truly. My cock twitched at the memory.

"Good evening Lori, what can I do for you?"

The streetlights from the club's parking lot cut through the darkness outside and, through the louvered window shades, threw shadows on the wall of my office. I could hear the large, sodium-vapour lights downstairs turning off one-by-one as one of my staff went through the process of locking up for the night. As any business owner knows, running your own business is not a nine-to-five job, and most nights I am the first one here and the last one to leave.

"Actually, Terry," Lori said coyly, coming into my office and closing the door behind her, "it's more what I can do for you."

The sexy little blonde looked at me with a devilish grin on her face, and slowly raised her hands to her incredible tits and began to rub them.

Smiling, I pushed my chair back from my desk and leaned back, contemplating the situation. My final words to Lori during our massage-room encounter where, "you owe me one." Apparently, she figured this was how she was going to repay me. And you know what? I'm OK with this.

Lori walked around the desk to kneel before me, almost fitting her cute little ass into the area underneath my desk where my legs usually go. With a gleam in her wide, blue eyes, never taking her gaze from mine, she reached for my fly.

I'm proud to say that I was already hard as stone. After the sexually-charged events of the last while at the club, I had been walking around in a state of perpetual arousal, and with equipment like mine, that can be hard to hide.

Lori opened my pants, unzipped my fly, and with me lifting my hips to help, wiggled my pants down to my knees. My solid 10" cock sprang free of its confines and stood proudly, begging for attention. Lori was enraptured, and licked her lips in anticipation.

She tentatively reached out and grasped my shaft, not quite able to get her hand all the way around it. She leaned her head forward and, starting at the base, began to run her tongue gently up and down its length. I leaned my head back, enjoying the wonderful feeling.

Looking down at Lori, I could tell she was enthralled. Not many women know what to do with a cock the size of mine. I know, it sounds ridiculous to hear someone complain that they penis is too big, but it really can be a problem sometimes. Lori, however, seemed to be doing just fine.

Keeping both hands stroking up and down, Lori raised her head and began to swirl her tongue around the head, pulling back the keep the skin tight. She was able to get her mouth around the head of my cock, and was even able to get a little bit of my shaft in as well, but that was it. She began to get into a rhythm of her hands stroking, and her head bobbing. As she worked at it, she was able to get a little more of my length down her throat. I was trying to concentrate on not "flexing" my cock to try to make it easier for her.

Suddenly, another knock came on my office door.

Lori looked up at me and, without breaking her rhythm and with a twinkle in her eye, she slid backwards so she was all the way under my desk. Leading me by my cock, she pulled me in after her. To anyone in front of my desk, it would look like I was seated normally.

I cleared my throat, trying to sound casual. "Come on in."

The door swung open and Clarissa walked in, smiling. The club must have been all locked up downstairs, and Clarissa must have been going somewhere, since she had changed out of her "uniform" of a club t-shirt and jogging pants. She was wearing a light, filmy, short summer dress than hung loosely from her trim body.

Oh, god, did she look hot. Where Lori was shorter and more compact, with a huge chest, Clarissa was taller with medium length brown hair and the tight, firm frame of an athlete. The contrast between the two beautiful young girls was one of the reasons I had put them both at the front desk. They're both very good at their jobs, but being hot sure didn't hurt either!

"Terry," Clarissa said, her voice quiet as she closed the door behind her, "I just wanted to talk to you about what happened last week in the shower."

I was trying to keep my expression calm and neutral, but it was becoming harder to do as Lori began to really work at what she was doing. She was somehow managing to get almost half of my cock down her throat, and the feeling was incredible. Sitting here fucking Lori's throat while trying to pay attention to the fox standing in front of me was one of the hardest (pun intended!) things I had ever done!

"Really, Clarissa," I answered, my voice husky, "don't worry about it."

"It's just that, well, I'm embarrassed to say that I've had a difficult time getting the image of you out of my mind." She was blushing profusely, staring at the floor, and Terry could see her nipples poking through the thin material of her dress, begging for attention.

Below the desk, Lori made a slurping sound as she popped his cock out of her mouth and began to lick energetically at the crown. I coughed to try to cover the sound. She then jammed my cock back deep into her throat and lowered one hand to play with my balls.

I returned Clarissa's blush and shifted in my seat to give Lori easier access to between my legs.

"Well, Clarissa," I said, "I have to admit to you that I've had a hard time getting the image of you soaking in that tub out of my mind."

She looked up at me, her smile wider. Oh, god, what was Lori doing with her tongue?

Clarissa took a few steps closer and sat lightly on the edge of my desk. The hem of her dress rode up quite a way, showing a clean, smooth expanse of thigh. She raised her hand to hook a swash of brown, curly hair behind her ear, and I caught a glimpse down the side of her dress, part of her firm, round breast exposed to my gaze.

Lori's finger began to probe lower, parting my cheeks and rubbing at my asshole. I tried not to tremble as I looked at Clarissa.

Clarissa brought her gaze to mine, suddenly bold. "I hope I'm not out of line, but I have to tell you that the sight of you in the shower, touching yourself, was one of the hottest things I have ever seen."

She lowered her hands to the edge of her skirt and began to lightly rub her fingernails across the bare skin of her upper thighs leaving a trail of goose bumps behind. I could feel my own skin tingling in sympathetic response.

She leaned forward, her dress falling away from her chest, her nipples clearly visible. She wiggled closer, the hem of her skirt sliding up further, and brought her lips to mine. Our tongues tangled in a steamy kiss and I raised my hands to her hair.

As I did so, I accidentally slid forward which had the effect of stuffing all 10" of my erect cock all the way down Lori's throat, and her jamming her finger all the way up my clenching asshole.

I grunted against Clarissa's lips as my orgasm hit me like a freight train, and poor Lori was jammed under the desk, gagging on stream after stream of hot cum jetting down her throat.

When my mind cleared, I was terrified that the poor girl would choke on my cock... I tore back from my desk and stood up, my still hard cock springing out of Lori's mouth, dribbling cum across her lips and down her chin. Clarissa's eyes bulged at the sight of my erect manhood standing free with my pants around my ankles.

I reached under the desk and, grabbing her hand, helped Lori out from underneath. Lori stood, swallowing and coughing at the same time, my cum leaking from her open mouth.

I wasn't sure how to expect Clarissa to react to Lori's presence, but there was now way I could have expected what came next.

"So, sweetie," Clarissa asked Lori with a smile, "is his cum as sweet as you had hoped?"

I stared, dumbfounded, my gaze switching back and forth between these two minxes. I had been set up!

Clarissa laughed, huskily. As Lori caught her breath, Clarissa explained to me that the two of them had planned to take advantage of me, and she hoped that I still had something left for her!

Without a word, a tore off my shirt and kicked my pants away, my cock already back at attention and ready for another workout. Clarissa lifted her arms and I raised her dress over her shoulders and threw it aside. She was gloriously naked and shaved bare.

I dropped to my knees before her and buried my face in her sweet pussy. Clarissa gasped as she pulled Lori over to her and licked the last traces of my cum clean from her friend's full, red lips.

While Clarissa helped Lori remove her clothes, I worked my tongue into Clarissa's wet snatch. She tasted like liquid sunshine, and I couldn't get enough of her. I felt her hips buck as her pleasure mounted. I found her swollen clit with my tongue and lapped at it ferociously.

Clarissa threw her head back and screamed with pleasure. I could feel her cum against my tongue, her juices running into my open mouth as I swallowed greedily.

"My turn, bitch," Lori said with a smile.

Lori threw me down on the ground and lowered herself onto my waiting tongue. Her taste was different from Clarissa's, musky where Clarissa had been like honey. It was like having a buffet of pussy, and I dove into my new dish with fervour!

Meanwhile, Clarissa lowered her head to my crotch and began where Lori's lip had left off.

After a few moments of running her lips up and down the length of my shaft to make sure I was good and hard, she threw her leg across my hip and, bracing her hands on my chest, slowly began to lower herself onto me.

Her eyes rolled back, her mouth slack, as I felt my steel slide into her hot sleeve. Inch by inch, she slowly eased herself down, pausing a few times to let her pussy adjust to me. Finally, after a minute or two, she settled onto my hips, managing to take my full length as many women before had been unable to do.

With a squeal of pleasure, she began to rock herself back and forth, rubbing her clit against my pubic bone. She reached up and grabbed Lori's tits, pulling the smaller girl forward into a hot, tongue lashing kiss.

I can't describe the feeling of having two beautiful young women entangled in an erotic embrace, one fucking me and the other with her pussy smothering my face.

Like many adventurous straight men, a ménage-a-trois had been a fantasy of mine for as long as I could remember, but I had never had the opportunity to experience it until now. Believe me, the reality of it made my fantasies seem tame!

With Clarissa rocking back and forth on my engorged cock, and Lori squirming on my face as my tongue dove into the folds of her pussy, I think I can be forgiven for not hearing the knock on my office door.

What I did hear, however, was the thud of a gym bag hitting the floor at the entrance to my office.

The three of us looked up from our passionate embrace to see Karla, one of my long-time clients, standing in the doorway of my office. Karla was a beautiful red-head who had started coming to the gym six years ago to tone her body back into shape after the birth of her second child, and tone up she had! She had a full head of wild, curly red hair and the body of a swimmer. Her stomach was flat and firm, hidden away under a beautiful pair of tits -- and those were the best that money could buy. Her red hair was wet, so I assumed she had just come from the showers.

Karla stood in the door to my office, her mouth open, a stunned expression on her face. "I was a little long in the showers," she whispered, "and when I came out, all the lights were off but I saw the lights on up here..."

In the silence that followed, I looked at Clarissa where she sat on my still rock-hard cock.

"You didn't finish your walk through the club before you came up here, did you?" I asked with a wry grin.

Clarissa shrugged her shoulders at me with a guilty smile on her face. "Sorry, boss," she giggled, "I guess I was in a hurry to get up here."

I twisted my head around to look at Karla again, my cheeks glistening with Lori's sweet juices.

"Karla, listen, this isn't how it looks..." I stammered. "Well, I guess it is how it looks, but this isn't..."

She cut me off by quickly tearing off her blouse and shoving her shorts down to the floor.

"It fucking well better be what it looks like," she said with a smile, strutting over to us, "because I'm joining in!" I stared hungrily at her lithe, nude form as the sauntered over, enjoying the way the light played off her bare, shaven pussy lips.

Karla came and stood over me, straddling me, in between Lori and Clarissa. Clarissa resumed her rocking motion on my cock, and Lori settled herself back onto my tongue. Together, the two girls dove forward, Lori burying her face into Karla's bush, and Clarissa nuzzling between the firm, smooth round cheeks of Karla's ass, her tongue probing for Karla's asshole.

It wasn't long before I could feel my orgasm building, my excitement fueled by the grunting, slurping sounds I could hear coming from the three beautiful women above me. I began the thrust back against Clarissa as she moved on top of me, clenching and pushing, straining to get every inch of my cock into her. I felt her fingernails rake over my sweaty chest and stomach as she rocked with her own orgasm. Lori too began to writhe on top of me, her sweet lips clenching around my probing tongue as she came.

Finally, my damn burst as I continued to pound into Clarissa. I could feel my spunk spurting into her, and she threw her head back screaming, "Yes! YES!" Again and again my orgasm blasted through me as my brain shut down, being overtaken by pure animal lust. Every muscle in my body, from my curled toes to my straining neck, was spasming, being drawn and compressed into a singular organ. Never before had I experienced such an all-consuming orgasm. I must have pumped a gallon of cum into Clarissa, and she just kept taking it. I was in heaven.

Finally, spent and exhausted, I collapsed, panting as though having run a marathon. My body was slick with sweat and the slick, combined juices of our lovemaking.

Clarissa rolled off of me and my cock popped out of her with a squelch. Karla twisted around, her hands buried in Lori's short blonde hair.

Karla gasped at her first sight of my equipment. "Good god," she whispered. "I grew up on a farm and I've still never seen anything like that!"

I grinned up at her as Lori climbed off me.

"Why settle for just looking at it?" I asked with a devilish smile. There was no way I was going to waste this opportunity.

While Clarissa and Lori cuddled up on the floor, lovingly rubbing their hands across each other's body, Karla knelt down and took my spunk-covered tool in her hands. I was still overly sensitive from my orgasm, and Karla was gentle. She lowered her head and began to lick me, tasting the sweet mixture of Clarissa's pussy mingled with my cum. She looked like a child enjoying the first ice cream cone of summer, her eyes shut with pleasure as she licked my cock clean.

It didn't take long for me to begin to respond once again. Having several orgasms in quick succession was the status quo when I was a teenager, but those years were long past. I couldn't believe it when I again began to stiffen under her tender care.

While still flaccid, Karla was able to take my whole length in her mouth, but as I started to grow, she was only able to take a little, and finally was only able to take the tip while holding onto the shaft with both hands.

"I still can't believe I didn't choke on that thing!" Lori giggled from where she lay on the floor beside Clarissa. Clarissa's arms were wrapped around her friend, her fingertips rubbing playfully on Lori's swollen nipples. Lori, meanwhile, had both hands busy, one buried in her pussy and one in Clarissa's.

Gathering my energy, I rolled over and stood in front of Karla, my cock sticking straight up in front of her. Again she took me in both hands and began to work her tongue around the crown.

Lori crawled over to kneel between Karla's spread legs and began to lick at her swollen, red pussy lips. Karla moaned appreciatively around slurps on my cock. I suddenly felt Clarissa spread my ass cheeks apart and begin to lick at my puckered asshole. After a few moments, a wet, slippery cunt-juice-covered finger replaced her tongue as she slid her middle finger knuckle deep into my ass. The feeling was incredible as she fucked my tight asshole with her slim, long finger.

Karla stood from where she was kneeling in front of me and instructed Lori to climb up on my desk. She did so, lying on her back with her legs up in the air facing us. Karla moved in front of her and, bending at the waist, buried her face into Lori's sweet crotch. Without looking up, Karla motioned me forward, inviting me in. I happily complied, carefully sliding my still sensitive cock into her wet hole, all the while with Clarissa sliding her finger in and out of my ass. While I gently eased myself into Karla, Clarissa took the opportunity to bring a second finger into play, and I groaned with pleasure. I reached around behind me to play with Clarissa's dripping wet pussy.

Before long, we were all working at an easy, comfortable rhythm, each getting and giving pleasure with the others. The only sound in the gym was that of our sex, the slurping, squelching sounds partly covered by the sounds of our heavy breathing and the occasionally moan and groan.

I could feel Karla begin the shake as she began to climax. I increased my pace, pounding against her ass as I thrust into her. She threw her head back and screamed with the intensity of her orgasm. That threw me over the edge, and my sphincter muscles clenched around Clarissa's fingers as I came for the third time that evening, drenching Karla's pussy with my creamy fluids.

We all lay still for a moment, catching our breath.

Clarissa leaned around from behind me and planted a big wet kiss on my lips. "What does everyone say to a nice, relaxing soak in the spa tub downstairs?" she asked, a sexy smile on her face.

"Wait a minute," I asked her smiling back, "isn't that how this all started?"

We laughed all the way down to the tub, but what happened after we got there is another story!

-END.