 After Carly hung up the phone from Ben she sat in her bed for awhile, stunned. She couldn't believe she had masturbated in front of not Ben, but his cousin the night before! She finally had to giggle at the thought. Now not only one man had watched her, but two! And the joke was on her both nights! She didn't know what she was going to do about it. She wondered if Ben's cousin would tell him about seeing her or keep it to himself. Or maybe he'd been out there hoping to see her because Ben had mentioned seeing her the night before! Now she was really confused!

Since it was Saturday she didn't have to go into work, so Carly decided to take the morning and pamper herself a little. She'd had quite a shock upon waking that morning, and she felt she deserved some special treatment, even if she had to give it to herself. She soaked in a hot bath until it grew cool, then shaved her legs and her pussy. She always felt so good after she shaved. She slathered on some of her favorite scented oil and then painted her fingers and toes. She was only planning on doing some grocery shopping that afternoon, but she dressed up a bit anyway just because she felt like it. 

When Carly got back from shopping, she was embarrassed to see her neighbor driving in at the same time. It was the first time she'd actually seen him since he had witnessed her at play on her back porch. "Thank goodness I dressed nice!" she thought for a second. Then she thought, "Oh geez, he's not only seen me naked, he's watched me masturbate, and he probably knows his cousin did, too!" She got out quickly and began grabbing her purchases out of the back seat of the car. 

Ben got out just as quickly and came over. "Can I help you with any of that?" he asked solicitously. 

Carly felt her face flush as she glanced quickly at him. He was standing so near! Before she could muster an answer he was reaching for the bags she held. Their fingers touched and she felt it all the way to her toes! Did his fingers linger on hers a moment longer than necessary? She knew they did. She got the rest of her things and started for her door, fumbling with her keys and feeling like an idiot for doing so. Ben followed her in and set her things on the table. 

"Would you like to come over for a while tonight?" he suddenly blurted out.

"Yes, I'd like that." Carly answered. "Too quickly," she thought. 

"Great, then. I'll see you about 8:00? My cousin already left for the airport, so it will just be the two of us."

Ben left and Carly put everything away, then went in to change her clothes. She went through her entire closet before she decided on an outfit for that evening. She decided on the hot dress she had bought to wear with Rick. It was too great a dress not to wear it for someone!

She rang Ben's doorbell a few minutes after 8:00. Temperatures were still high and the dress clung nicely around her butt, so she wore absolutely nothing under it. He opened the door immediately, and she got the idea he had been pacing back and forth in front of it waiting for her. She was too nervous to eat anything, but accepted a glass of wine gratefully. They chatted for a few minutes, mostly about their jobs and things happening in the neighborhood. Then Carly noticed a photo on the bookcase beside her. She recognized Ben, and she figured the good-looking man standing next to him must be his brother, they had such a close resemblance. 

Ben noticed her gaze and volunteered, "That's my cousin, Matt. The one who was here last night, in fact." Carly thought for a moment that either one of the two men, or even both of them, coming through the gate while she was playing with herself would have been okay, then she turned her attention back to Ben.

Ben refilled their wine glasses and they sat on the couch. He sat close to Carly and she could feel a tingle on the back of her neck as their thighs touched. They were about half done with their second glass of wine when he turned and took her glass. He put their glasses on the table and reached for her hands. 

"Carly, I've got to tell you something. I don't want to upset you, but I saw you on your back porch a couple of nights ago when you were..." he trailed off for a moment, then his courage returned and he finished, "that was the most beautiful, sexy thing I have ever seen. I've been thinking of you for a long time, but since the other night I can't think of anything else!"

Of course Carly wasn't shocked at the news, but at first she didn't know what to say to his confession. She looked him in the eyes and said, "I know you were there, or at least I knew afterward. I could smell your cigarette." She decided to tell him everything. "In fact, I was hoping you might be there again last night. I now know that your cousin was the one watching me."

It was Ben's turn to be caught off guard. He looked sharply at her and then said, "You were out there again last night? And my cousin saw you?"

"Yes." She wasn't sure how he was taking this.

"Damn! Of all the nights to have a late meeting! And Matt didn't say a word to me about it... wait 'til I see him again!" he laughed. "We could have enjoyed you together!"

Carly didn't quite know what he meant by that. Did he mean they both would have come over to her? She felt a thrill run through her at the thought. She had never been involved in a threesome, although she had almost been with two of her girlfriends once. She wondered for a moment how it would be to have two cocks at once, and shivered.

Ben saw her shudder and put his arm around her. "I don't think you're cold," he said as he leaned in close, "but I'm willing to bet you'd like to be even hotter than you are now." he leaned in and gave her a slow, teasing kiss, pulling at her lips with his and taunting her mouth with the tip of his tongue. Carly wrapped her arms around him and kissed him back, reveling in the feel of his hands on her. There wasn't too much dress in the way, and his skin was hot against hers. Their kiss deepened, their tongues winding around each other.

She put her hands under his shirt, roaming over his chest. She made sure to find each nipple, flicking them lightly with her fingernails. Ben took a quick breath and pulled his shirt off. He cupped her breasts in his hands and squeezed her nipples with his fingers and thumbs. Carly leaned into him and he squeezed a little harder. "Yes..." she moaned as he began to twist them gently from side to side. "Oh, wait," she said as she stood up. She quickly slipped out of her dress and stood completely naked before him.

Ben stood and stripped off his pants. Carly could see his cock was sticking out, hard. He was nicely built, and she couldn't wait to have him inside her. But Ben had other immediate plans, and he dropped to his knees in front of her. "I can't wait to taste you," he said as he pushed her down onto the couch. He pulled her thighs apart and slid his tongue between her shaved lips. She squirmed against his mouth as he slid his tongue into her, swirling it in little circles around her wet opening. Carly could feel his tongue tasting her, lapping at her. She put her hands on the back of his head and pulled him to her. He moved up and began softly licking her clit. She arched her back, pushing herself up into his mouth, her body a tautly wound spring ready to pop. The harder she pressed herself into him the more Ben pushed back with his wriggling tongue.

When she climaxed, Carly cried out, "Oh! Oh yes! Oh god yessss..." Her hands were on either side of Ben's head, hips bucking, moaning as he sucked at her throbbing clit. It was no wonder they didn't hear the key turning in the door. They didn't realize they had an audience until the door closed and a voice called out, "Well, Cousin, if you would have told me you were having a party I would've shown up on time. Especially knowing the guest of honor is your lovely neighbor."

They both jumped and Carly sat up instinctively looking for clothes, but they were nowhere near. She decided since Matt had already seen her naked and more, it wasn't like he was going to see something new. Ben stood up. "Too late to ask why you're back. And you know I'll share. But you can only join the party if Carly wants you to. If she says no I expect you to get lost."

They both turned to Carly. She looked back and forth between the two men. What in the world was she supposed to say? She wondered if her thoughts showed on her face. She had just had an orgasm with one sexy man, and now another one was standing here wanting to join them. She had often fantasized about having two men share her, and here was a chance to experience it. Ben didn't seem to mind at all. 

Matt walked over. "I guess I better start trying to make my case." He picked up her hand and put it on the bulge forming in his jeans. "I have to tell you, Carly, I have spent the last 24 hours thinking of how incredibly sexy you are. I saw you last night on your back steps. I would love to spend the rest of the night with my cock buried in you, hearing you cum like you were when I walked in the door." 

"Put up or shut up time, huh Carly?" she thought to herself. Well she might as well go for it. She looked up at Matt and asked, "What are you still doing dressed?" She turned to Ben. "Can we continue this party in the bedroom?" Ben took her by the hand and led her into the bedroom, with Matt right behind her. Carly reclined on the bed and looked up at the two men. Both of them were hard and ready. "Well, who's first?" she tossed out with a "come hither" smile.

"I don't think you understand," Ben said with a grin as he got up beside her. "We're both going to have you at the same time." Matt smiled and sat down on the other side of her. A delicious shiver ran up Carly's spine. As she had never been in this situation before she wasn't sure exactly what she should do, but she had a feeling these two wouldn't have any problem helping her figure it out. 

They began stroking her gently all over, from her hair down to her toes, their four hands gliding all over her skin. Carly began to feel almost overwhelmed by the sensations. Then they each stopped at a breast and began lightly squeezing and kneading, all over her breasts except for the nipples. Carly whimpered as they teased her, stroking their fingers right up to the edge of her rosy nipples and then backing off a little, watching her arch her back upwards at the torment. She moaned as both men finally bent and took a nipple in their mouth, sucking and gently biting her.

At that she reached down on both sides and took a cock in each hand. She began to slowly stroke the two men, her hand sliding the full length of their shafts, squeezing and pulling. She could feel her pussy just dripping with arousal. If it felt this good having them in her hands, she couldn't wait to feel them both inside her at the same time. She would soon have her way. 

Some silent signals passed between the two men, and Ben moved over to straddle Carly, his cock at her lips. Matt moved down between her legs and started to lick slowly on her pussy, his tongue gliding up and down between her engorged labia. She began to run her tongue around the sensitive head of Ben's cock, her lips parting, inviting him to slide between them into her warm, wet mouth. He pushed forward and she sucked him in until he was deep in her mouth, then sucked him even harder as he pulled back. Matt buried his tongue in Carly's wetness as deeply as he could, his tongue swirling around inside her. He wiggled his tongue up to her clit and began flicking his tongue rapidly over it. She moaned around Ben's swollen shaft and tried to push herself up into Matt's face. 

Carly was just about to cum when Matt stopped. He put a pillow under her butt and knelt between her legs. Ben was still slowly stroking his cock with her mouth when Matt began to push inside her. He thrust himself all the way in at once, then held very still, just feeling Carly's inner walls quivering around him. As Matt slid in and out of her wet pussy and Ben slid in and out of her wet mouth, Matt began to gently rub her clit with his thumb. She could feel the sensations building within her again. She was sucking Ben's cock very hard, moaning in the back of her throat when she started to cum hard. Ben pulled away from Carly's mouth and just watched her orgasm play over her face.

Matt pulled his cock from Carly's dripping pussy and Ben pulled her over on top of him. He slid easily inside her and pumped his cock in and out of her a few times, then she felt Matt getting up behind her. He worked some of her juices up around her ass and slid a finger into her, then another, making her gasp. She pushed back into him as she rode Ben's cock, wanting what she knew was coming. Matt withdrew his fingers and put his cock at the tight entrance and began to push into her. 

"Oh goddddd..." Carly moaned as her ass stretched around Matt's hardness. He pushed in slowly, giving her time to adjust to being so full. Having both men inside her at once was beyond anything she had every imagined. It felt so good Carly couldn't stop moaning. Both men had their hands on her, pulling her back and forth onto them. Each thrust drove straight into her brain. She could feel them both swelling as they fucked her. Both men were making little grunting and groaning sounds as they pumped in and out of her. The competition for space in her tight holes was driving them crazy. She could feel another orgasm approaching. "Oh god, fuck me... I'm going to cum!" she cried out. Just then her body seemed to explode into spasms, her pussy and ass squeezing both cocks as she writhed between the men.

The tightness of her ass massaging his cock sent Matt over the edge. He began to thrust himself harder into Carly, then his body started bucking against her, his cock spilling his cum deep into her ass. With all the moaning Ben couldn't hold out any longer. He gave a loud groan and his balls clenched up tight, propelling his hot seed into her pussy. Slowly the three eased apart onto the bed and caught their breath.

"Well, what do you think, Carly? Isn't this better than your back porch?" Matt asked with a smile. 

She couldn't answer. She just laid there in a post-orgasmic haze, smiling. Ben stroked her hair softly and said, "I don't know why I never tried to get together with you before, Carly, but I can promise you I won't ever neglect you again!"

Matt ended up staying the rest of the weekend at Ben's, and so did Carly. They all went back to work Monday, tired but smiling. After a couple of months Ben and Carly moved in together, and they would invite Matt to join them whenever he came to town. When he got a permanent transfer to their city, he moved in for good.