 All the characters in this story are over 18. It is set in England, so the words used are English not American. And this story continues after Heather Chapter 8...

Isabelle had asked Heather to ask me if we could go up to see her one Saturday afternoon. I knew exactly what she meant, but still couldn't resist the thought of being with both women again. They were both over twice my age. Heather was a fairly short and slightly rounded Yorkshire woman, with a ready smile and a twinkle in her eye. Since she had first introduced me to sex while trying on some clothes at her house, it had become a habit to see her - and for her to have me. Isabelle was slightly older and much more mysterious with her French accent and generally immaculate style of dress and her long dark hair in a bun. Her breasts always seemed bigger than they should be, somehow out of scale but immensely attractive. Both loved wearing sweaters or cardigans, and were fuelling my addiction for the feel of soft wool against my skin.

As Heather and I walked up the road to Isabelle's, it felt slightly odd - just talking about the weather, passing the time of day, with no outward sign of the excitement that passed between us. She was wearing a fawn coat over a soft pale blue cardigan and red skirt: the sweater had a round neck but the top two buttons were undone, I had noticed as she had put her coat on, giving a soft image to her neck and inviting the thought of unbuttoning some more. 

As Heather rang the bell Isabelle appeared, with an orange round-necked twin-set, the cardigan buttoned right up to the top, and a black knitted skirt. She had a gold chain and pendant, which hung just between her breasts, the chain neatly marking out their upper limits. 

"I'm so glad you could make it!" she smiled, "Come on in - I've got a pot of tea made already." 

"Well I could certainly never say no to a cuppa, how about you, Andrew?" asked Heather.

"Yes, I think tea would be fine." I replied, wondering what else was on the menu.

We all sat down in Isabelle's back room, while Isabelle carefully poured the tea into china cups on her trolley. Once settled, she started to talk - mainly to Heather, but sometimes obviously for my benefit too. 

"I've been thinking about the time I came round to your house, Heather - it really was rather gorgeous wasn't it!" And she smiled knowingly at Heather, then winked at me. 

Heather seemed almost embarrassed herself as she remembered what I had done to her, with Isabelle watching, and what Isabelle had done too. 

"Is this the return leg, then?" she asked. "I'm not sure that Andrew is really ready for this sort of thing..."

"Nonsense, Heather, Andrew is a fine young man, ready for anything - aren't you, my sweet?" Isabelle looked over towards me. 

"Well I suppose so." I mumbled. 

"Come over here, I think we can show Heather what you're made of - and I do need some cream to go with my tea! That's it, come on over here and stand right in front of me."

I did as I was told, standing just in front of Isabelle's chair as she sat herself forward. Her head came up to my groin, and I could feel myself growing gently as I looked down at her orange cardigan, clinging to the beautiful rounds of her breasts. She pulled her sleeves up a little. 

"Right, Andrew, let's have a little look at you - and see if we can catch you while you are still tiny!" 

And with that she just undid the belt of my trousers, unzipped them, then unbuttoned them to send them slipping to my knees. My cock twitched inside my underpants and I caught my breath at her controlling actions. 

Isabelle looked up to me and spoke softly: "Unbutton your shirt, please Andrew, then hold it open with your hands on your hips - I want a good look at you now." 

My fingers fumbled a little but soon my shirt was undone, and my hands on my hips held my shirt open. My cock was now pressing forwards, straining at the cotton of my pants. 

"Mmm..." she smiled: "Shall I, Heather?" 

I looked at Heather, and saw her half nod back to Isabelle, then before anyone could say anything else, she reached up to the elastic of my pants and slipped them down to my knees. My cock was growing harder as all three of us watched it.

Isabelle smiled and looked across at Heather: "Well it didn't stay tiny for long, now did it? Look at it, showing off in front of me! I'm sure he'll be ready in no time. Could you just help me a little now, Heather? Just come and stand behind him and see what you can feel." 

So Heather stood up, and came up close behind me - I felt her breasts pushing into my back, then her arms came around my waist, then her fingers began exploring my cock and balls. I shuddered with excitement, as I saw and felt her hands fondling me, and the blue wool of her sleeves stroking against my hips. Very soon I was fully erect, my cock pushing out towards Isabelle's face, being totally pleasured by Heather's fingers. 

Isabelle put her hands behind her head, and teasingly licked her lips. "How quickly can I have your cream, Andrew?" she asked, raising an eyebrow as she looked up at me. 

"I'm not sure," I panted, "but I don't think I can last long with the two of you pleasuring me."

"Go on then, Heather, just wank him quickly to see how soon you can get me my cream!" 

And with that - still with her hands behind her head - Isabelle leaned forward and licked the end of my cock. Heather looked around me towards Isabelle, and her hands pointed my cock directly towards her mouth, so that Isabelle could take me in. 

The red lipstick on her lips left marks on my shaft as she pushed her head forwards. Heather was now pumping strongly - the way she knew that I liked it - with one hand holding the base of my cock tightly down and the other moving rhythmically up and down the shaft. Sometimes her pumping hand would meet Isabelle's lips as she moved her head down, her tongue exquisitely licking as she sucked me hard. 

The sheer amazement and excitement of being tossed by Heather and sucked by Isabelle was just too much for me, and as I stared down at Isabelle's bobbing head, her orange wool-covered arms held behind her head, and Heather's blue woollen cuffs and pink fingers working tightly up and down my shaft, I could feel my spunk just building and building - I knew I couldn't hold on much longer. 

I savoured the view, and the feelings, and the fingers and lips and tongue, and then with a shout I came, feeling the amazing arousal of my cum shooting in spurts into Isabelle's mouth, watching as she excitedly moved faster, swallowing it down as soon as she could. Heather continued pumping, feeling the spurts too as she forced it all out of me. 

As my cum was spent and my cock began to subside, Isabelle moved her head back, licking her lips and bringing her arms down to cradle my balls and wet cock. She had a last lick of the end of my cock, to make sure she hadn't missed any, then looked up at me. 

"That was very good, Andrew" she smiled: "And very good work from you too, Heather. His cream is really good, especially when it is served so promptly. I think you should try some more yourself one day." 

She leaned forward and kissed the end of my now deflating cock. 

"I'll see you again soon, I'm sure!" she said, leaning back. "Now, Heather, would you like to come upstairs and relax a little? I have a little treat in mind. Andrew - you can come up too when you've pulled your trousers up."

I was exhausted yet aroused and amazed, but pulled my pants and trousers up and followed Heather as Isabelle led us out of the room. We went upstairs to Isabelle's bedroom, where she had taken me on my own only a few weeks before. 

"Now, you sit down over there Andrew" she said, gesturing to a chair in the corner of the room, "Whilst I start off Heather's treat over here." 

She put her hands on her hips: "OK, so I think you need to be blindfolded Heather, so we can surprise you better." 

Smiling to herself, she went over to a drawer and pulled out a long thin woollen scarf, then moved back to Heather, who stood there giggling nervously: "It's just like party games isn't it?" 

Isabelle carefully put the blindfold on, and they both checked that it was fitting comfortably. "Are you sure you can't see now? asked Isabelle, checking the blindfold around her cheeks. 

"No, it's all dark in here." replied Heather, reaching her hands out in front of her to find her bearings. She touched the orange cardigan over Isabelle's breast. 

"Oh there you are - sorry!" she smiled, as she realised where her hands were touching.

"Now," began Isabelle, "I think we need to tie these hands behind your back, before you start getting me too excited." 

And she reached in the drawer to find another scarf, pulling Heather's hands behind her back to tie them firmly together. 

I was getting nicely aroused watching all this going on, and as Isabelle pulled Heather's hands behind her back, the soft blue wool of her cardigan pulled tighter over her breasts, showing them off perfectly for me. Isabelle watched my eyes.

"You can't take your eyes off her, can you?" she asked, standing back from her knot-tying. "Well, just go ahead," she continued, "why don't you just unbutton Heather's cardy a little. I'm sure she won't mind, will you Heather? - And she couldn't stop you anyway, now she's tied up!" 

Heather smiled hesitantly. "Well I hope he's gentle, after all I can't do anything now I'm like this." 

"Go on then, unbutton her!" urged Isabelle, so I stood up and approached Heather, reaching up to the third button - the top two were already open. 

The wool felt soft as I touched it, the button hard in contrast. I twisted it through the button hole, then moved down to the next one. After two I had exposed her white lacy bra, and four buttons later her cardigan was undone. I pulled the wool open, revealing her breasts rising and falling under the white silkiness of her bra. 

"Now you'd better take her skirt off Andrew." said Isabelle, who was watching everything closely, her arms folded and her hands occasionally rubbing against herself. I moved behind Heather to find her skirt fastening, then unclipped it, and unzipped it to let it fall to the floor. 

Her white cotton panties were tight against her body, revealing her full bottom and rounded tummy. 

"Oooh, I feel almost naked!" she said, obviously excited by this blindfold undressing. 

"We'll soon see about that!" replied Isabelle, "Now, Andrew, can you undo her bra straps at the front, without taking her cardy off?" 

Heather seemed anxious to help: "Yes, the straps just unclip at the top of the cups, here at the front." she said. I studied the clip between the top of the cup and the strap, then slid one apart. The other slipped off just as easily.

"Go on, Andrew, just do what you've always wanted to." whispered Isabelle. "Take Heather's bra off and give her breasts a good fondling - you know she can't stop you, even if she wanted to!" 

I needed no second invitation, and moved behind Heather then lifted her cardigan to find the fastening. In a second it was undone and her bra was on the floor. Then heaven, as I moved back in front to look at her naked breasts, sagging under their own weight now they were free, with darker pink lines where her bra had been keeping them trapped. The pale blue wool made a perfect frame and I just reached out to touch the soft pink of her flesh. She shuddered a little when I first made contact. 

"Oh Andrew," she said, "you startled me then. What are you going to do with me next?" 

I kept on stroking, feeling the exquisite softness of her warm breasts, filling my hands as I cupped them around her, and the darkness of her nipples which hardened as I touched them. I leaned forward and kissed her right nipple, and heard her gasp as I did so. Then I was stroking and kissing her, and I put my hands behind her back, under her cardigan, pressing her to me as my face pressed against her soft warm flesh. I was getting excited again - and so was she. 

I must have been stroking and kissing for some minutes when I felt Isabelle's presence near me. She had come over and was standing beside me, and reached out to touch Heather's other breast. Soon the two of us had our heads side by side, one on each of Heather's breasts, sucking and kissing. After some time of this breast sucking, I saw Isabelle's arm move, out of the corner of my eye, down Heather's belly and between her legs. Heather was moaning now, moving her body gently as her excitement built up. 

Suddenly, Isabelle pulled my face away from Heather's breast and gave me a huge kiss, pressing her tongue into my mouth, exploring my lips and tongue with her own. I was stunned and my erection pressed harder against my trousers. Then she broke it off, and stood back. 

"Look at you," she said, almost sternly, "taking advantage of poor Heather like this. You are just using her to get excited, aren't you?" 

"Well you told me to." I countered, but knew I was wasting my time. 

It was is if Isabelle liked being totally in control, and couldn't cope with it any other way. 

"No arguing, Andrew, just strip off naked for me, and go and sit back in the chair straight away." 

I unbuttoned my shirt, then took off my trousers, socks and pants as Isabelle had demanded, knowing she was watching my every move, and feeling her gaze at my erect cock as I finally stood up naked before her. 

"Well thank goodness Heather can't see that!" she smiled. "Now sit down over there and wait your turn."

Isabelle turned back towards Heather, and this time just stroked her with her outstretched hands, feeling her nipples, then slipping her left hand down over Heather's panties. 

Heather squirmed: "Oh, Isabelle, is that you?" she asked, but Isabelle said nothing. 

I could see her hand between Heather's legs, fingering and exploring. Then she slipped her fingers inside the leg of her panties, and Heather gasped again as Isabelle's fingers touched and caressed the naked folds of skin between her legs. Stopping for a minute, Isabelle reached into one of her drawers, pulling out a black and gold rod, about nine inches long, and maybe an inch and a half across. She twisted one end and it started humming. 

"What's that noise?" asked Heather, concerned. 

"Just a little friend to help you!" replied Isabelle, pulling the sleeves of her orange cardigan up a little. She slipped her own skirt off, revealing the tiniest of black g-string panties, with lacy edges and tight black elastic around her waist. When she moved in front of Heather, I could see the elastic just disappeared between her bottom cheeks. Then the humming changed its tone as Isabelle slipped the vibrator between Heather's legs. 

Heather moaned almost straight away. "Oh, Isabelle what are you doing to me?" then her breathing started to come faster. 

"Just stand still and enjoy!" smiled Isabelle, as she slid the vibrator over Heather's panties, working from her lower belly down, all the way between her legs to her bottom.

I was sitting there naked with my cock now dribbling, as I watched Isabelle, in her orange cardigan and polo-neck sweater, and black g-string, excite Heather still further. Heather's blue cardigan was now pulled back over one arm, with the other half still hiding - or revealing - her breast as she writhed, rocking back and forward on her feet. 

Then Isabelle put the vibrator down, reached to Heather's waist, and quickly pulled her panties down, revealing the dark fuzz of hair now clearly damp between her legs. 

"Put your feet further apart for me, Heather." she commanded, watching as she obeyed. 

Then Isabelle put her hand down over Heather's pubic hair, slipping between her legs. Again Heather shuddered. This time Isabelle's fingers were working purposefully, separating her folds, flicking her clitoris, and slipping up inside her body as she fingered Heather and worked her up to a climax. 

"Fetch me the vibrator please, Andrew" she said, waking me from my voyeur's paradise. 

I got up and walked over to them, picking up the still humming rod and passing it to her. I watched as she held it between Heather's legs, using her fingers to guide it home. Then she just pushed it inside her neighbour's body, moving it rhythmically as she did so. 

"Go on Andrew, just give her a suck on her nipples and I think she'll be there." 

Without further encouragement I just buried my head in Heather's breasts, kissing and sucking, stroking and squeezing. I could hear the sounds of the vibrator, now deep inside her body, and the sounds of Heather's panting getting faster and faster. 

"Oh God!" she whispered, repeating it louder and louder, as Isabelle kept up her flicking fingers over Heather's clitoris, and her rhythmic pushing of the vibrator inside her. Then with a huge cry and loud panting noises Heather came, gasping for air as she shouted. 

Isabelle was smiling broadly as I looked down, clearly enjoying the pleasure of making her friend cum. Heather's body was still moving and squirming, when suddenly I felt Isabelle's hand on my cock. I was already well erect, and ready to cum from just watching everything, but Isabelle had other ideas. 

"Heather, just kneel forward please, then you can rest your body over the edge of the bed and relax." said Isabelle, guiding Heather so that she could sprawl forward over the bed. 

"Now open your knees, Heather, I've another surprise yet!" 

And she arranged Heather's legs so that her bottom was sticking up, the pink flesh a perfect contrast to the soft blue wool which lay over her back. The vibrator was still inside her body, though not making a noise now, so Isabelle gently slipped it out. 

"OK, Andrew, in you go - kneel down and push your penis inside her."

I couldn't believe the invitation, but knelt down behind Heather, the soft pink of her bottom so large and so inviting with the wet folds of her cunt exposed for me to see. Inching forwards, I angled my cock towards her, and her slipperiness meant that I just went straight in. I put my hands on her wool-covered waist, next to where her own hands were tied, and started to push in and out of her slippery cunt. I could feel my cum starting to rise, when I heard the sound of the vibrator again, and felt a tingle between my legs.

"Come on Andrew," whispered Isabelle, "Just relax your bottom for me so that I can feel you properly while you give her your cream." 

I was outraged but too far gone to care, as I felt Isabelle's now oily fingers slipping over my bottom, then around my anus, as I continued to fuck Heather. I was panting hard and the pleasure was getting too much to bear, as I felt the vibrator slipping over me between my legs then pushing right up to my bottom.

I knew I could take no more, and as Isabelle pushed it right inside me I came, feeling my cum shooting deep into Heather's body. Despite cumming downstairs only a short while before, I still seemed to have lots of cum, and it felt so fantastic to be fucking Heather's tied up body that I felt wave after wave of spunk spurting into her.

After I could feel no more cum left, I collapsed on top of her. 

Isabelle slipped her vibrator out and switched it off. She sighed deeply. 

"Now, you two, no time for sleeping - it is my turn for some pleasure!" 

We were both worn out, but clearly Isabelle had other ideas.

"Can you untie me now please, Isabelle?" asked Heather, after a minute or two. "I'm just so hot like this, and I can't see anything either!" 

"Well, as long as you will be my slave, I suppose I can release you a little. Stand up!" 

And Isabelle helped her to stand, while I lay on the bed. Heather still looked really attractive, wearing just her pale blue cardigan hanging off her shoulders, revealing her reddish breasts and dark nipples. Between her legs her mound looked damp, as well it should. Isabelle couldn't resist a stroking of her neighbour, and slid her hand down between Heather's breasts, over her belly and between her legs. 
