 Chapter 14. Heather's weekend comes to a climax.

All the characters in this story are over 18. It is set in England, so the words used are English not American. And this story continues after Heather Chapter 13...

When I arrived round again on Saturday night - it was about 6.30 or so - I was surprised to hear voices from inside as Heather opened the door. She had changed and was wearing her soft pink v-necked cardigan that she'd worn on our previous encounters. It was quite thick, with a ribbed style to it, which clung beautifully to her breasts as she stood in the doorway. She had a dark red skirt, and black shoes. "Come on in!" she smiled, "I'm having a little party tonight, to celebrate my new house-boy!" 

She shut the door and led me into the kitchen, where the remains of a meal were over the table, with two empty bottles of wine - and sitting around the table were Isabelle and Joan. I was amazed to see them both there, but quickly took in the scene. Isabelle was wearing Heather's beige cardigan, that she'd had on in the morning, round-necked and somehow sophisticated with her pearl necklace. As usual, her dark hair was up in a bun. Joan was wearing a twinset in thin cream wool, and she had her long hair down, draped over her shoulder. They both seemed in a happy mood - probably due to the wine - and smiled at me as I went in. 

"Hello" they said in unison, Joan adding: "I bet you didn't expect to find us all round here, now did you!"

Isabelle looked directly at me. "Well we are pleased to see you - we've been hearing all about what you've been up to, haven't we girls" - and she looked at the others - "not just here, but at Joan's house too!" and they nodded knowingly at each other.

"Well now that Andrew's arrived, I think we can all move into the lounge - I'll sort out the dishes later." said Heather. 

"Are you sure?" asked Joan, politely "we could always wash them now." 

"No, it'll be fine!" said Heather. "Follow me - and bring your drinks through too!"

I dutifully followed, as Isabelle and Joan picked up their glasses, and Joan grabbed the bottle too, before following behind me. 

We got into Heather's lounge, and sat ourselves down.

"So, what party games have you got in mind for us all?" asked Isabelle, sitting back in the largest armchair, and taking in the view of us all. Joan was sitting on the sofa on the left, and beckoned me to sit next to her, leaving Heather to sit on a smaller chair facing us. 

No-one answered straightaway, so she continued: "I think we should play my special version of blind man's bluff - I know you like being blindfolded, don't you Heather!"

We all all looked at Heather, who blushed a little at the thought of their previous encounter. 

"So, let's do it! Heather, can you get that empty wine bottle from the kitchen - we need to decide who is going to be on first." 

As Heather went out, Joan put her hand on my knee. 

"This is all very exciting isn't it, pet - I bet you were looking forward to a quiet night tonight on your own with Heather, so I hope we don't disappoint you too much! It was just the thought of you being here with her - and we thought it just wasn't fair, didn't we Isabelle?"

Isabelle smiled slightly, pulling her cardigan down to smooth it out, and pushing her bosom forward at the same time. She did like being the centre of attention. Just then Heather came back with the empty bottle. 

"So what are we going to do with this?" she asked Isabelle, puzzled. 

Isabelle leaned further forward, and put the bottle on its side on the floor. 

"Well," she said, "we just spin it to see who is 'on' first - to see who we are going to blindfold! Here Andrew, as you are our main guest, you can spin first. Now, who would you most like to undress?"

There was no reply possible, so I said nothing but reached for the bottle. All four of us were on the edge of our seats, looking forward as I spun the bottle around. It went quite fast, then ended up pointing at the fireplace. 

"That's no good!" said Isabelle, smiling: "You'll have to do it again. This time I think we girls should all stand up, so we can see who it points to easier. Come on, you two, on your feet!"

So all three stood up, giving me a chance to take in their various features. 

Heather was the shortest and certainly the dumpiest, with her soft pink cardigan hiding her large breasts which I had come to know so well, and her red skirt tight over her bottom. Isabelle was next in height, with her neat beige cardigan tight over her firmer breasts, the buttons pulling slightly, stretching the wool as she breathed in. She was still wearing the red tartan skirt she'd had on in the morning but still looked her usual figure of slightly remote arousal. Joan was the tallest, her lighter hair cascading down onto the cream twinset cardigan, which was half unbuttoned with the top falling open, contrasting with the brown of her skirt. 

"Come on Andrew, we haven't got all night!" chided Heather. 

"Or maybe we have!" chipped in Joan, smiling down at me.

I spun the bottle again, and this time it pointed straight to Joan. 

"Well that's settled." said Isabelle, continuing in her organising way. "Get a scarf please Heather and then I'll blindfold her!"

Joan looked with pretend surprised fright. 

"I hope you're not going to do anything nasty to me!" she whispered, as Heather came back in with a whole cardboard box full of various knitted scarves and gloves. 

"It's our winter box" she said, putting it down on the floor, "but we can use it now, I'm sure."

Heather took out a long black scarf, and passed it to Isabelle, who moved behind Joan to put the scarf over her eyes. 

"You'd better just sit down and watch, Andrew." she said, "till we've got her ready."

Joan was still smiling as she was blindfolded, then Isabelle asked for another scarf. 

"Hands behind your back, Joan!" she commanded, and Joan did as she was told. 

Tying her hands back pulled her cardigan more open, stretching the wool of her jumper over her breasts. I felt myself twitch. It was going to be an interesting night, and no mistake. Heather had been watching closely, and now kicked off her shoes. 

"OK!" said Isabelle "Can you see anything now Joan?" 

"No, its all black in here!" came the reply, followed by a nervous giggle. 

"Right, now for the rules. We'll all take it in turns to have two minutes to take off one item of Joan's clothing. She has to stand still and let us undress her. And of course Andrew can have the first turn." 

Joan shrieked, "Oh, please be gentle with me, Andrew!" 

"But before he does anything at all," continued Isabelle, "he must strip off to his underpants!"

"But that's not fair!" cried Joan, "I can't see anything." 

"Well that's because you're the one blindfolded!" smiled Heather. "Come on now Andrew, off with those clothes - I want to see your underpants again. I hope you've changed from this morning!"

So, with the two women watching me, and the third wishing she could, I took off my shoes and socks, stood up and slipped off my jeans, before unbuttoning my shirt. Of course I had changed at home when I showered, so I was well aware that Heather would be seeing my tight stretchy white underpants - even if it was now it was a whole group watching me. 

"Right now, off with your shirt and let's see you properly." said Isabelle.

So with both of them staring at my groin, where my cock was hardening rapidly, I took off my shirt.

"That's better, pet" smiled Heather, "that's how you look best! I do like to see that bulge in your pants to know you are keen and ready." 

And she came up to me, putting her arms around me to give me a big kiss. The wool of her cardigan felt so good as she reached around me, and involuntarily I reached round to hug her too, feeling her breasts pushing softly into my chest.

"That's enough of that, Heather!" said, Isabelle in her commanding way. "You may be the host tonight but that doesn't mean you can just have him now! Bring him over here please, next to Joan, then we can both stand back to see what happens."

So I moved to stand beside Joan, as Isabelle looked at her watch.

"Right," she continued, "Now you've got two minutes to undress Joan - but only one item of clothing, and you've only got two minutes, starting NOW."

I'd decided to take off her skirt, so fumbled for the fastening at the back, aware that the others were watching my every move. But the fastening was at the far side, so lifting the soft wool of her cardigan out of the way I found the clip and zip, and undid both, letting her skirt fall to the floor. 

Joan's pantyhose and panties were now on show to us all. They were a kind of delicate pinky lace, that clung closely to her hips, under the sheer tights. She squirmed her thighs together a little, realising she was on view to everyone.

"Well that was very good Andrew - it wasn't even a minute!" said Isabelle.

"Oooh it's not fair, you're all looking at me, aren't you!" complained Joan, giggling again.

"Yes, but they're such pretty panties aren't they, Heather?" said Isabelle, "Just see how tight they are over her bottom!" and she moved forward and began to stroke Joan's bottom cheek. 

"Here Andrew, you come and feel too." she offered.

So I slipped my hand over Joan's bottom, enjoying the feel of the silky smooth nylon, with her lace panties so sexy underneath, and watched as Joan smiled to herself and squeezed her thighs together tighter.

"That undressing was very good, Andrew." said Isabelle, standing back. "One garment off and a minute to spare. Now it's your turn, Heather. Two minutes to undress Joan with one more item, starting from now!" 

I sat back on the sofa, carefully readjusting myself in my underpants, and watched as Heather helped Joan off with her shoes, feeling very disappointed until Isabelle spoke. 

"No Heather!" she said, "Shoes don't count!" 

So Heather unbuttoned the last buttons of Joan's cardigan, then pulled it back over her shoulders and down her arms, but it obviously got caught on her tied hands, so acted as another binder for her arms. Somehow, Joan looked even more attractive now, with her tight panties and pantyhose contrasting with the soft cream short-sleeved jumper, and her cardigan now trailing behind her back.

"OK, that was about a minute and a half, but you did it, so well done Heather. Now it must be my turn," smiled Isabelle, stepping forward. 

She reached purposefully up inside the back of Joan's jumper, and Joan let out a gasp as she felt her bra being undone. Quickly Isabelle lifted Joan's jumper up over her breasts, revealing her pretty pink matching bra, before she undid the straps above each cup. Her experienced fingers pulled the straps through, before she peeled off Joan's bra, revealing her beautiful breasts and huge nipples. The view only lasted for a moment or two, before her jumper flopped back down hiding her modesty. Isabelle put Joan's bra on the pile of clothes.

"I think Andrew ought to see if her bosom is properly free - don't you Heather? Come on up, and stroke her for us please!" 

So I stood up quickly at the order and moved towards Joan. Hesitating for a moment, I pressed my open hands over her jumper, caressing her breasts underneath. 

Joan let out a sigh: "Oh, Andrew, is that you?" but I carried on stroking, saying nothing but feeling amazingly aroused as I felt her nipples harden, and felt myself harden too, watched by Isabelle and Heather, whose eyes seemed glued to my hands stroking their friends breasts.

"Well, that was a good first round," smiled Isabelle, after a while. "Now stop your fondling Andrew, we don't want to get her going too far just yet. You can sit down while we swap over for round two. It must be your turn next, Heather, as it's your party after all!" 

I sat down again as Isabelle undid the scarf from Joan's wrists, helping her slip her cardigan off, then took her blindfold off. Joan rubbed her eyes, then moved her hand as if to hide her panties, and cover her jumper over her breasts. Then she saw me, and the bulge in my pants. 

"Oh, pet," she said, "has no one been giving you any attention? I'm sure you could do with a little jiggling, couldn't you!" and she sat down beside me, putting her hand on my inner thigh.

I felt my cock twitching with her scent and the feel of her jumper and hand against my skin.

"Not yet, Joan! We need him for action later!" ordered Isabelle. "And it's Heather's turn to be blindfolded next. Come here, Heather and put your hands behind your back." 

We watched as Heather was tied with her own scarf, and then blindfolded. 

"You will go first again Andrew," said Isabelle, "and remember, one garment in two minutes."

How could I forget! This time I went straight for the buttons of Heather's pink ribbed cardigan, longing to see the bulge of her breasts inside, and knowing someone else would be slipping her bra off soon. The buttons didn't take long despite my fumbling fingers, and I marvelled again at her bosom hidden under the white cotton bra. I eased her cardigan over her shoulders, and pulled her sleeves down as far as they would go, then stood back. 

"That was very quick, Andrew - you are obviously very good at undressing ladies! Now, Joan, your turn - bra or skirt?" asked Isabelle.

Joan didn't want to be the one to embarrass Heather first, so she stood up and slipped off Heather's skirt and helped her out of it, exposing her favourite white cotton panties, with little lacy holes all over them. She had no pantyhose or stockings, and stood there, reddening slightly, knowing we were all looking closely at her underwear, and wondering what Isabelle would choose to remove next.

"So, your brassiere is for me!" she smiled, putting her hands behind Heather's back to undo the fastening, then releasing both straps again at the front. 

This time as she peeled the bra off there was no wool to come down and hide the naked breasts, so Heather's slightly sagging full bosom was there for all of us to see. 

"God I feel so naked!" she whispered - you can all see me, can't you?" And her arms tugged at the scarf binding her hands together.

"Yes we can - and touch you too, if we want, can't we Andrew?" replied Isabelle, beckoning me to stand up again. 

I moved in front of Heather, and this time the pleasure was all the more for being able to see Heather's breasts as I caressed them, and watch as her nipples hardened. She began to moan gently. 

"You could feel her panties too, if you liked, to check they're not too tight on her bottom, or between her legs..." Isabelle egged me on.

Isabelle now moved beside Heather and put an arm over her shoulder. As I moved one hand down to stroke the soft fabric over Heather's bottom, Isabelle moved her right hand to caress Heather's other breast. 

"Well if you won't stroke between her legs, I suppose I had better do it for you!" she said, in her commandeering sort of way. 

And as I watched, so Isabelle slipped her hand down over Heather's belly, and sliding over her panties, dipped gently in between her legs. Heather was now moaning more, with the realisation that she had four hands arousing her as both her friend's son and her neighbour fondled her body - watched by her other friend Joan. 

"Come on, Joan!" ordered Isabelle, "It's no good sitting down there on your own, Heather needs all the attention she can get!" 

"But I only like playing with boys!" she replied, "I can't really fancy touching Heather - no offence pet!"

"Well you come and get Andrew ready, and I'll concentrate on Heather - I'm sure she'll like a bit of attention to lady's matters, won't you, my love!" 

Heather was flushing more now, but giving in, as Isabelle moved my hands off her, and began a more focussed stroking of her breasts and panties, then reached forward to kiss her open lips.

Suddenly I felt a hand over my underpants as Joan behind me, and her fingers began exploring my cock through the material, easing my full erection upwards. 

"My you are a nice big boy, aren't you?" she murmured. "It's no good, Isabelle, Andrew just needs a good jiggling, look!" 

And she swiftly pulled down my pants to my knees, then grasped my naked cock, before moving her fingers rhythmically up and down my shaft. It was heaven but Isabelle's voice quickly stopped that.

"No Joan, that's not the game at all! We've got to give Heather a proper treat for inviting us all round. So just do as I say, please!"

Everything seemed to go in slow motion, as the atmosphere became even more charged and Isabelle ordered everyone about. 

"First, we'll just take these off," she said, matter-of-factly slipping Heather's panties onto the floor. 

"Then we'll sit you down on the sofa, Heather, and I'll get you ready for penetration. Joan - you get Andrew ready, but don't let him cum - we must make sure Heather has a party night to remember!"

So as I watched, Isabelle, still wearing Heather's beige cardigan and her own skirt, helped the near naked but blindfolded Heather back onto the sofa, then eased her knees apart revealing all her moist womanhood for everyone to see. Isabelle knelt alongside Heather, stroking her breasts and fondling between her legs. It looked just so outrageous to see these grown women fondling, and Isabelle just taking such a dominant role over Heather's body. 

"I'll soon have her ready!" she said confidently, and now we could see her fingers slipping between her legs into Heather's gently writhing body. She was moaning louder now. 

"Oh God," Heather said, "you can all see everything, can't you, but it's all just so..." her words were cut off as Isabelle again kissed her mouth, her fingers now sliding in and out while her thumb nestled against Heather's clitoris.

Joan remained standing behind me, watching it all in disbelief as her fingers explored my shaft and balls, pressing her sweatered breasts into my back as she too worked herself up.

Isabelle moved her head back, and looked round at us. 

"I think we're ready for you two now, Joan, so kneel him down and let's have his cock ready for action." 

I knelt down in front of Heather, with Joan now kneeling behind me, and shuffled forward between Heather's open legs, towards the moistness where Isabelle's fingers explored her bright pink cunt, damp between her shaven folds.

"That's right!" encouraged Isabelle, as she took my cock in her fingers and pulled it towards Heather's waiting vagina. 

It felt ecstatic as I pushed forwards and my cock made contact with her slippery folds. 

"Now push your body down a bit Heather," ordered Isabelle, "and push your cunt over his cock - he can't reach to the back of the sofa you know!" 

So Heather wriggled down in the sofa, pushing her hips forward nearer the edge, and at the same time slipping right over my hard cock. I leaned forward to grip her hips, as I felt the pure pleasure of slipping inside Heather's welcoming slippery vagina.

"Come on, Joan, push him in harder and get his balls swinging!" smiled Isabelle.

Isabelle was now in her element. As I pushed into Heather I leaned forward over her, resting my head on her breasts and stroking a nipple upwards so I could suck on it. I could feel Isabelle's hand between Heather's body and mine as she kept up her fingering of her friend, and Joan's fingers explored between my open legs, tickling me and arousing me further.

As I began that beautiful shafting of Heather that I'd become so used to, I could hear her breaths now coming in short pants, and knew she was getting very worked up. It seemed to happen so soon - but that was maybe because of all the stimulation she was getting.

Isabelle kept up her clitty stroking and now put her other hand on Heathers' spare nipple, squeezing it as I sucked the other, and all the time continued my delicious in and out thrusting into Heather's willing vagina.
