 Morning brought the ever faithful Jason to our room, except this time he was not here to serve breakfast but he was here to take Heather on a play date with him and his friends.

Jason was dressed in the long swim trunks that are so popular with young boys now and a tank top. Heather is tormenting the boy by strutting naked in front of him, jiggling her bare tits and bending over flashing him her gash.

"I could not decide which bathing suit to wear so I want you to pick one, Jason, dear," Heather instructs the poor boy pressing a bare breast against his arm.

Jason looks completely dumbfounded by his luck and he cannot take his eyes off the naked woman in front of him long enough to make a decision.

Watching Jason, I am struck by how much I take having a wife for granted. Watching him and his exuberance at being able to see a real live naked woman up close reminded me of how ordinary it had all become for me. 

I thought back to when Heather and I were first married and about how excited I was to see her nude for the first time. The first time I saw her bare breasts, the first time I held one in my hand, the first time I sucked on her nipple. So much that thrilled me then that I now fail to appreciate.

"Do you like the pink?" Heather asks the poor child as she holds up a pink bikini top for his inspection. He is more interest in the pink of her nipples that show just below the top Heather is holding. "Or how about the white?"

Jason really is not concerned with picking a top; he is just hoping he will get lucky later. Today, he is going to get to fuck a girl for the first time and not just a girl but a real live woman. And if his friends are lucky they will get to fuck her, too.

Seeing Jason so giddy brought back memories of our wedding night; well actually four days after our wedding, when my cock finally penetrated the protective barrier and entered Heather for the first time. I remember the wonderful feeling of her velvety soft interior enveloping my rigid pole. Thinking about it now sends a shiver up my spine and my causes my hard cock to pulse.

How many times since then had I pleasured myself inside of Heather's pussy? Hundreds, thousands of time, who knows? It had all become so routine. Once maybe twice a week, roll over on top of Heather insert penis, thrust, thrust, thrust and then shoot my load. It became as common place as shampooing; rinse, soap and repeat. Never once thinking about how amazing what I was doing really was.

Jason knows though or he is about to find out.

"I like this one," Jason announces.

Jason has picked a favorite of mine. What little there is of it, it is a white unlined crocheted bikini. The two cups are small, barely covering Heather's nipples with strings used to tie it behind her neck and back. The bottom is a single triangle covering her crotch with a string running around her hips and another string running up her butt crack. Effectively, from the back, she appears to be naked.

The boy's eyes are on Heather; everything he says and does is focused on pleasing her. It seems unthinkable that this boy, a mere child, focuses on my woman more than I do.

"What do you think?" Heather asks; standing provocatively.

The boy stares lasciviously at Heather as she slowly twirls around displaying herself for Jason's lustful looks.

"Fantastic!" is all Jason says.

"Good" Heather answers before she reaches into the closet and pulls out a beach cover, a decent one this time at least, and puts it on. She is, no doubt, planning a grand unveiling; something to keep the other boys in suspense until Heather is ready to be unwrapped.

Heather comes over to me to kiss me goodbye. A part of me does not want her to go; a part of me wants her to stay here with me. I know that it is not to be; I know that I am powerless to stop what is going to happen. I feel a lot like I am throwing a beautiful piece of meat to a pack of hungry dogs.

Heather stops at the door and give Jason a hard passionate kiss, a prelude of things to come and waves a final goodbye.

"Bye Mr. J and thanks for letting me have your wife," an ecstatic Jason crows triumphantly to me as he leaves closing the door behind him.

Once again Heather is gone and I am alone to my fantasies.

In class, I seldom look Jeannie in the face; instead my gaze is constantly drawn down to the white canvas shoes and the blue logo in back. One look and I am instantly hard as I recall the splendid torment she is able to inflict with them.

Jeannie catches me staring at her shoes and smiles when I look up at her. She knows what I am thinking.

I develop a plan. Heather most likely will not be back until later in the evening so maybe if I ask Jeannie?

At lunch I catch Jeannie alone and I ask, "Jeannie, I seem to be having a problem and I was hoping you could help after class with it."

Jeannie knows exactly what I want. She smiles but does not answer; instead she slides her fingers into the waistband of my underwear. Her well manicured nails scrap along the length of my erection in a most tantalizing way. 

I suck in my breath and shiver as her nails scratch their way to my scrotum and its enclosed balls. Once she reaches her target, her fingers fan out and engulfs me before she turns the tips of her fingers inward and drives the sharpened points into my tender sack. 

Jeannie smiles devilishly and says, "I am sure I can help you with your little problem."

Copious amounts of precum seep from the tip of my penis; coating Jeannie's arm where my penis makes contact. It leaves a wet streak along her arm as she removes her hand from my pant's front.

She holds out her arm without saying a thing. I know from reading the internet stories what is expected of me. Kneeling at my tormentor's feet just the way she has taught me, I use my tongue to clean Jeannie's arm of my juices.

The taste is salty and tangy and mixes with the scent of Jeannie's perfumed skin. It is a heady mixture that overloads my brain from the intensity of my sensory perception. 

When Jeannie is satisfied, she lightly touches my face with her hand and smiles down at me gently. I bend over and kiss each of Jeannie's canvas shoe clad feet and then she leaves me without saying a word.

The rest of the afternoon is filled with information and moves by slowly. The whole time I watch Jeannie's feet and those damned white canvas shoes as she roams around the room. The blue label on the back with those silly three letters almost seems to be taunting me.

After class, I wait patiently for the other students to file out. At last, I am alone with Jeannie; she closes and locks the door to prevent any unwanted intrusion.

In a flash, I am naked and on my knees and elbows bowed down with my face to the floor awaiting my fate.

Jeannie walks over to me, pauses, and then slowly circles me repeatedly. She stands in front of me and raises one canvas shoe enclosed foot to my face. The distinctive smell of the rubber sole and her sweaty feet fills my nostrils. 

I bend forward and kiss the shoe repeatedly. My cock is hard and stands straight out from lap. 

Jeannie resumes circling me. The anticipation is killing me but I remain in position. At last, she stops behind me and nudges me in the ass. Knowingly, I move up on all fours and spread my legs. My cock and testicles now swing freely between my legs; Jeannie has complete unhindered access.

I shiver as the toe of Jeannie's shoe touches my suspended gonads. My pendulous organs swing as she, like a cat toying with a ball, playfully boxes them using her shoe covered foot. I am in such splendid agony.

Jeannie stops. Suddenly, a delightful searing pains shoots through my body. Jeannie has kicked me between my spread legs, catching me squarely in my testicles as they hang free and defenseless. I roll on the floor as I see white sparks flashing in my tightly synched closed eyes. I am breathless and struggle to breath.

I tightly grip my abused balls as I wait for the splendid pain to subside.

Jeannie stands over me with only the slightest of smiles on her face. She rewards me. From where I lie, I can see up her skirt and her well trimmed pussy covered only by the flimsiest of lace g-strings. The scent of the canvas shoes again fills my brain.

Once again, my cock stirs. As the pain leaves me it begins to return to hardness.

Using her shoe encased foot; Jeannie prompts me to lie on my back before she guides me to spread my legs. Placing a chair between my spread legs, Jeannie takes a seat looking down on me.

The sole of one Jeannie's shoes contacts my still pulsating testicles causing me to flinch. She twirls her foot; rolling my balls around under her foot. A second shoe makes contact with my hardened pole. A chill runs up and down my spine caused by Jeannie's simultaneous assault on my sensitive organs.

Jeannie slips the heel of her shoe off of her foot and slides my hardened cock into its warm moist interior. I was in sheer delight as my penis was pinned between the soft sole of Jeannie's bare foot and the inside of her canvas shoe.

Jeannie expertly manipulates balls and cock; flooding my brain with a combination of pleasure mixed with pain. Jeannie's shoe falls off so that only her bare foot works my stiff member.

I thought it was by accident but Jeannie is well practiced in man torture and knows I cannot last. Indeed, far too soon for me, the familiar feelings come over me and my balls under Jeannie's shoe beginning pumping my cream out the end of my cock head.

God, the feeling was unbelievably intense as spurt after spurt shoots out of me. 

As my senses return to me, I am suddenly aware of something pressing on my lips. I open my eyes and pressed against my lips is one of Jeannie's manicured and crimson painted toes. To my surprises, also coating her toe and foot is my cum, which Jeannie has caught.

Knowing what comes next, I open my mouth and begin to suck and kiss Jeannie's cum coated foot. Enthusiastically, I clean my discharge from her foot; relishing the taste of cum mixed with the flavor of Jeannie's bare foot.

Once Jeannie is satisfied with my oral efforts, she withdraws her foot, to my disappointment. Finished, she has me gather my clothes and walks me, still naked out the door. Once in the hall, she pecks my on the cheek and says, "Bye-e" and locking the door behind us leaves me.

I stand motionless for a few moments until the realization that I am undressed hits me. I dress and head for the hotel.

On the way, I try to take stock of my new situation. It is so strange to me that I have abandoned so much of my former life. Before a couple of weeks ago, Heather and I were the typical uptight pure and chaste Mid-western married couple. Adultery was the fartherest thing from our minds, unless you count the Loving Wives stories.

Now a few short days later, Heather is a hooker, harlot, whore and me, me, I am a cum eating submissive who enjoys having his cock and balls tortured and abused, not to mention that a certain brand of ladies white canvas shoe turns me on.

I should hate it, I should be completely appalled but I am not. Instead, I find that I am anxious to hear about Heather's latest infidelities with Jason and his friends.

Back at the hotel as I am approaching our room, unbelievably, I hear the unmistakable rhythmic heavy breathing and gasping of a copulating man and woman. Standing at the door, I listen to Heather as someone else's cock pounds in and out of her. Heather's "Oh yeah, Oh yeah, fuck me, fuck my ass hole with that big cock" mixes with the guttural sounds of a male pounding his hardened meat in and out of my wife.

Then there is a pause, as if he is holding his breath which is followed by Heather declaring, "That's it, baby, pump my ass full of your sperm. Shoot you're cum in my married whore ass."

After that comes the sound of a man breathing heavily as he tries to catch his breath.

With that and figuring Heather's latest will soon be leaving, I beat a hasty retreat to the floor's service alcove and watch and wait.

The door opens; from where I am hidden in the shadows I can see without being seen. The man exits the room; Heather follows, naked of course. They stand facing each other and kiss. I know who it is, it's Don, the guy from my class and Heather's first John but what is he doing here? I mean besides the obvious.

They kiss again and he runs his hands over Heather's breasts and nipples and says, "I'm glad we ran into each other, that was something I always wanted to do and now that I have done it I may never fuck a woman in the pussy again."

"Was I worth it?" Heather asks. Heather turns and presents her ass to her suitor; spreading her cheeks open so he gets a clear look at what his cock has done to her anus.

Don stares at its puckered reddened surface reverently and tentatively touches it with an outstretched finger. "Oh god, yes." Don replies. "You were incredible; the best ever!"

They kiss again and he turns and heads toward me and the elevator. I duck back into the alcove and wait until I hear the elevator close before I come out and go back to our room.

As I walk into the room, Heather is bent over in front of the mirror examining her asshole, a streak of cum leaking out. On the dresser sits a fresh stack of hundred dollar bills.

Seeing me, Heather straightens up and then comes and kisses me before heading to shower and cleanup. Coming out of the bathroom her makeup and hair are perfect once again and she quickly slides a sundress over her naked body and she is ready for dinner.

I decide to wait for Heather to lead the conversation into her activities for the day.

"I guess you saw your friend Don leave." She starts.

"Yes, he seemed pleased," I reply. 

"Oh, he was! Jason had just dropped me off about 5:30; I can't wait to tell you about my day with Jason and his friends. Anyway, I was headed to door when I hear a man's voice calling my name. 

I am sure I made quite a sight with my windblown hair and sweaty cum stained body. I turned and saw Don practically running toward me. 

When he got to me he embraced and kissed me like we were long lost friends. I was struggling to keep my beach cover on since it was the only thing I was wearing; I have no idea where my bikini went, I guess one of the boys has it as a souvenir. 

The bottom of my cover came open without me knowing it and gave Don a clear view of my pussy and the fresh cum dripping down my thighs. My clit was standing out from under its hood and pointed straight at Don. Don stopped talking and just stared; I made no effort to cover up, I just stood there shamelessly and proud giving Don an eyeful.

Coming out of his momentary trance, Don pulls me to a quiet corner of the lobby and makes his proposition. 'I was hoping to run into you again; I have another proposition for you. You see there's this thing I have always wanted to do and I could never find a girl who would let me. '

Go on, I said encouraging him.

'I have always wanted to fuck a girl in her....anally and well, I was wondering if I could fuck yours for, I don't know say $1,000.'

I started thinking, $1,000 to get fucked in the ass; that's probably a low ball number I bet he'll go higher."

That's my girl, learning to negotiate.

"I told him no and started to walk away. He grabbed my arm and stopped me and said '$1,100 then.'

Ok so he will go higher, I wonder how high. I thought for a minute and told him no and he quickly raised it to $1,200. $1,200 that's a lot of cash but he might go higher. I said I don't think so, it's not something I really like to do and I have other customers waiting.

'$2,000' he says with the sound of desperation in his voice, 'that's all I have' as he flashed a roll of hundred dollar bills.

I pretended to think for a second before, "Ok, Ok, Ok I'll do it;" I told him and started leading him to the elevators and to our room. In the elevator, I pulled off my beach cover and dropped it. Once we were at our floor I didn't cover back up but strolled to our room followed by Don.

The maid saw but said nothing; just went on about her business like I wasn't there.

In the room, Don placed the bills on the dresser as I lay down waiting for him to undress, which didn't take long. I pulled the lube from my bag and handed it to him and then got on all fours before dropping my head so that I was ass up and face down.

Don squeezed the tube and a good sized dollop oozed out and hit my puckered opening. It was cold so I jumped a little. Don used his fingers to spread the goo around and into my hole, before he applied some to his cock.

Ready, he positioned himself behind me and placed his cock at my anus and started pushing in. I willed myself to relax and could feel every fraction of an inch as his cock expanded my tight hole and began to slide past the tight ring. I'm getting fucked in the ass so much now it's getting easier and easier.

Slowly, inexorably my anus gave way to his hard pole and when the head of Don's cock slipped past my spinnaker he cried out, 'Oh god, yes.'

I let him think it hurt more than it did so he'd think I hadn't done this too much. He held himself there for a few seconds letting me adjust to his intrusion before he began slowly inserting more of his shaft into my rectum. After a few short thrusts, Don was buried in me completely. Once he bottomed out he began fucking my ass in earnest.

Then to my surprise he stopped and pulled out of me. I didn't expect this because I knew he had not finished. That's when I felt him nudge me to roll over so I rolled over onto my back. Now he was over me looking down on me.

He took a pillow and slid it under my butt so that my ass was propped up. Once I was in the position he wanted me he returned the tip of his cock to my anus and began reinserting himself. This time he went in me almost immediately, resuming his assault in my poor anus and rectum again. He had wanted to watch my face and look at my spread open empty pussy at the same time as he fucked my ass.

Now he was into it and so was I as his cock slides out and back in again. He was breathing heavy and grunting loudly and I was breathing heavy and talking dirty. We were so loud I bet they could hear us in the hall."

"They could," I tell Heather.

"What?" She asks in surprise.

"They, I mean I, could hear Don banging away into you," I inform her. "I came up and I could hear you two before I even got to the room."

For the first time in days, I see Heather actually blush, which seems strange after everything that has happened over the past twelve days. 

Heather took a big gulp from her drink and continued, "Anyway, we were very noisy, and of course you know that. He was gliding in and of my ass easily now so I was able to get some pleasure out of it. At one point, he sat back on his heels and when I propped myself on my elbows I was able his cock sliding in and out of my ass hole, too. God, it looked so nasty having his thing in my rectum instead of my pussy, I wish you could have seen it.

He was trying hard to make it last and to get his money's worth but I had other ideas; so I tightened my muscle making me tighter around his cock and soon he shot his load deep in my bowels. He tried to hold himself in me longer but inevitably his cock shrank back down to normal and slid out of me like I was shitting a turd." Heather giggled at her little joke. 

"He got dressed and I walked him out into the hall and, well, I guess you saw the rest." She said as she finished telling me about the last part of her day first.

"How was your date with Jason?" I ask nonchalantly.

Heather tried to play coy by simply answering "good" but she could not contain herself and soon she was telling me all about the first part of her day.

"Ok, I have just got to tell you. First it wasn't just Jason; it was Jason and 6 of his friends. One of his friend's, Kyle, I think that was his name or was it Steve, oh it doesn't matter, turned 18 today so that is why they all were going to the lake. Everyone else was already 18 so we were all nice and legal. 
