 "Are you okay, Jamie?" I asked, putting down my drink. "You look as though your mind has been on something else all night." 

"It's just some dumb problem, Heather," Jamie replied and took another gulp of ale. "It's pretty embarrassing to bring up." 

Jamie was my old friend from college. However, since the two of us graduated a couple of years ago, the two of us hadn't really seen one other. But I was back in town, and so tonight was intended as a little get-together to catch up. Whilst the two of us were quite loud and open with one another in college, Jamie seemed in another world tonight, which was unusual for him considering we were out drinking. Usually he kept his focus. 

"Come on, tell me what's up." I said, and slid a little closer to him. 

Jamie certainly was a looker. Once, when he was in the sports clubs I used to watch him play- he wiped the sweat from his face with the bottom of his shirt and I caught a glimpse of his abs. Don't get the wrong idea, though. The two of us were close, but we never hooked up in college. We were just friends. 

"Well... you remember Andrew?" 

"I don't," I confessed. 

"He and I were on the basketball team together." 

"That doesn't really narrow it down, Jamie," I laughed. "But I'll take your word for it." 

Sports is how Jamie and I met. He was on the basketball team, and I did gymnastics. Some time in our second year we both hit the gym together and got talking on the treadmills. 

"Go on," I said, still giggling a little. I must have been the drink. "What about Andrew?" 

"He's getting married." 

"No way!" I gasped. Actually, since I couldn't really remember him at all, I didn't really care that much, but I was happy for him at least. "So what's the problem? You don't have a crush on the bride -to-be, do you?" I smirked and nudged him in the side. 

Jamie chuckled. "It's not quite as bad as that, Heather. Although she is quite fit." 

I nudged him again, but in a less friendly way. "So what is it then?" 

"I'm his best man," Jamie began again. 

"That's great!" 

"And I'm organising his stag party." He looked down and away from me, as if what he was about to say next was extremely embarrassing. 

I broke his silence. "So when is it?" 

"A couple of days from now." 

"Close then." 

"Yeah," he sighed. "Too close." 

"Just tell me what the problem is," I asked again. 

"The stripper cancelled yesterday." 

I couldn't help but burst out laughing. "That's seriously what you've been worried about all evening? A fucking stripper!" I grabbed my stomach. "Jamie that is so you!" 

"Hey, Heather it's not just the stripper," Jamie frowned and I stopped laughing. "This party has got to be perfect. There's a lot of pressure on me for this." 

"And a perfect party would involve a stripper would it?" 

Jamie winked at me. "Andy's special request." 

I sighed through a smile. "For fucks sake, Jamie..." I looked at him. Jamie was fit and masculine, but when he looked down he turned into a pretty sensitive guy. He was like a sad puppy. Perhaps it was a combination of this and the drink, that made me say what I said next. "If it really means that much to you..." 

"What?" 

During college, I was a gymnast, which did a lot for my body. I doubted that I would disappoint anyone. Not only that, I did dancing. "I guess I could fill in." 

Jamie whipped his head around. "What? You can't do that, Heather!" 

"Why not?" I looked at him. "Am I not good enough?" 

"It's certainly not that," Jamie smirked and I blushed. "It's seedy." 

Now it was my turn to smirk. "Maybe I like seedy." 

The next day, I woke up with a serious hangover and a text from Jamie. "Thank you so much for agreeing to do it." 

It took me a little while to remember, but when I did I held my head in my hands. How could I have agreed to do something like that? I was an idiot! 

Still... 

I can't deny that the idea did excite me a little. The idea of stripping down in front of a room full of guys, especially if they were all Jamie's sporting buddies and had his physique... Who knows what might happen. 

I felt myself bite my lip at the thought of it. I've had these fantasies before but have never acted on them. I took an aspirin to clear my head, and then I went shopping. 

I needed something to wear, or rather, something to take off. I thought about a costume, and ended up sending Jamie a message. He said that the original stripper was going to be a policewoman. I actually liked the idea of a policewoman. He wanted to go shopping with me but I told him it would have to be a surprise. He sent another message telling me how grateful he was. That boy really knows how to flatter me. I had to remind myself that this was just a favour for a friend. 

The first stop was the lingerie store. I some black suspenders and a suspender-belt to wear under my costume. Then, some black lacy knickers to match and a black push-up bra. I didn't have that many nice shoes, so I found a pair of sharp black heels that looked very official and business like. I should mention now that Jamie gave me a budget to buy the costume as well as what he would be paying me for my services, and I managed to stick to it nicely. 

The last thing was the actual policewoman costume. There just so happened to be a local costume shop in town, and they had a great looking one. It had a tight figure hugging skirt, the top uniform with a white shirt and black jacket, and the flat hat. It even came with a pair of fake handcuffs. I bought the set and went home pleased with myself. 

The next few days passed by extremely slowly. I had to resist trying on my new acquisitions and playing with myself, but I managed to hold off. I wanted to save up all my horniness for my big day. 

My big day, which finally arrived. The stag party was a pub crawl, followed by a return to the stag's house for my dance. When I arrived, Jamie was not as drunk as I might have imagined, but he could hold his drink well. He lead me into the house and ushered me upstairs to change. 

"You okay?" he said, peeking his head around the door. 

"Ready as I'll ever be," I smiled. 

"When you're changed, give me a text, and I'll change the music," he told me, sounding excited. I agreed, and he closed the door, leaving me to undress. Apparently the speeches had been taken care of in the pubs and bars and clubs, so my dance would round of the evening nicely. It was quite late when I arrived, so I suppose it was a good way to wrap things up. I could hear loud music and laughter downstairs. Was the wedding tomorrow or was this an early party? 

There was a full length mirror in the room I was in. I stood in front of it and unbuttoned my coat. I slid it off my shoulders, and placed it on the bed. In my bag was my costume, which I took out and laid it beside my coat. Then, I undressed. 

I was wearing my lingerie underneath my day clothes. It had felt great putting it on beforehand, it was luxurious and sexy. I took a wax the night before, so the fabric felt extra smooth on my skin. I looked damned hot in the mirror- I never normally wear it but it really shows off my figure- the suspender belt really shows off my long legs, flat belly and curvy hips, and the push-up bra added another cup size to my breasts. They jiggled slightly when I moved. Over the top, I slipped on the tight skirt over my stockings, and buttoned up the white shirt over my chest. My boobs pressed against the fabric. The jacket was tight and hugged by curves like the skirt did. 

I pinned up my shoulder length blonde hair. With the hat on top, I looked smart and serious. My eyebrows were sharp and plucked too. I meant business. I took a deep breath, and sent a text to Jamie saying I was ready. 

Jamie and I had agreed on the song beforehand. I didn't really have an exact routine, but it was an R&B song that was easy to dance to. 

I went downstairs, and heard the music stop. My heart pounded in my chest. I heard Jamie call for a hush, and the male voices and laughing stopped. The music changed, and I opened the door and stepped inside. 

The music began pounding its beat, and the silence turned into whoops and cheers. The man I assumed was Andrew was in the middle of the room, clapping with the rest of them. Jamie was by his side, staring at me. 

I began to sway my hips from side to side, raising my arms above my head. Accompanied by more cheers and clapping, I took off my hat and threw it to the stag, who caught it. Then I unpinned my hair and let my golden locks flow down to my shoulders. With my hips still swaying, I danced my way over to the stag, and put my hands around his shoulders, swishing my hair from side to side. 

Andrew put his hands around my waist and pulled my forward into his lap. He was strong. I began grinding into his lap, my skirt now pulled up to my thighs. I felt something hard pressing against me, and rubbed myself against it, losing myself to the music and the feeling. 

To be the centre of attention in a room full of men, to be admired as an object of sex- I can't say I've never fantasied about it. But just how far was this going to go? 

I stepped away and returned to the centre of the room. The stag pinched my butt as I left his lap. I tugged my tight jacket off my shoulders and slipped it off my arms. Some of the buttons came unfastened on my white shirt, so I tugged at it and it flew upon easily enough. My bra on show for everyone brought yet more shouts of gratitude. I was really starting to enjoy this. I swung the shirt around and flung it to the side of the room, then debated what to take off next. 

I opted for my skirt. I turned around and bent over, giving the room a view of my ass in tight clothes, then slipped it over my ass and down my legs. In nothing but lingerie, I felt extremely vulnerable in front of a room full of men, but the music was still playing. 

I was just about to unhook my bra, when I noticed something that made my mouth open wide. Some of the guys had their flies unzipped, and their hands were inside their trousers. I didn't take much to guess what they were doing. Was this allowed? Or is this what happened at every stag party? Well, I suppose that this one was a little more private. 

I looked at Jamie but kept swaying my hips, running my hands down my body. He caught my gaze, but seemed to mistake my intentions. He was aware of what the other guys were doing, but he seemed to miss what I was asking him with my gaze- whether or not this was okay. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that I was still dancing. But he seemed to think I was asking why he wasn't joining them because he simply smirked and unfastened his belt. That jerk! 

Still, there goes that fantasy in my head again, reminding me of its existence. 

I unhooked my black bra from behind and let the straps slip off my shoulders. I felt release, and my breasts were revealed to the room. My nipples were rock hard. 

Once again, I stepped over to the stag, and this time I slid into his lap voluntarily. His flies were unfastened too, and I felt him hard once again. I took his hands and placed them on my waist, and felt them rise up my body to my breasts. For a stag he didn't seem to give a damn about whether or not this was cheating. A stripper was fun and all, but this seemed to be taking a more serious turn. 

I felt other hands on my body, and threw my head back. Andrew groped and squeezed my breasts as I wriggled in his lap to the music. My hands were round his neck, but I soon felt another hand grip my wrist and take my hand away, leading it to something... 

One of the guys had taken my hand and guided it to his hard dick, which was sticking out of his trousers. I opened my mouth wide and looked up into the face of the guy. I didn't recognise him. He just smirked. With Andrew's hands around me I couldn't get up and step away. But I noticed I wasn't taking my hands away either. No. As a matter of fact, I was gripping his dick at the base. 

Some of the other guys took their cocks out too, but for now I concentrated on this strangers. I started working it gently from base to tip, hardly believing what I was doing. It's like I was running on automatic. 

I felt Andrew's hands grope down hard on my boobs, and I ground my crotch up against his as I stroked one of his friends. 

A voice called from the back. "Why don't you fuck her, Andy?" The voice was accompanied by a cacophony of cheers. 

Andrew didn't need telling twice. He stood up, and lifted me up in his arms. Apparently he didn't give a second thought to the fact that he was getting married, either that or he was too drunk. He carried me in his arms, with my legs sticking out either side of him and one of my arms wrapped around his neck. My bare chest was pressing against his. He carried me out of the room, and I saw the guy who's cock I was stroking follow us. Just before we turned the corner, I beckoned straight at Jamie to follow us. If we were doing this, I wanted him on it too. 

I was carried by Andrew upstairs to the room I had changed in. I was thrown down onto the bed, and my coat and clothes were swept onto the floor. Andrew unfastened his belt and tugged down his trousers showing me what I had been grinding on. Whoever Mrs. Andrew was, she was a lucky lady. 

I wasted no time. At this point I was too horny to even think straight. I got on all fours on the bed, still wearing my knickers, suspenders and heels, and grasped his huge dick hard at the base. I sighed on it and it twitched in my hands. Then, I opened my lips, closed my eyes and let it enter my mouth. 

As I went down on his long and meaty shaft, I felt new hands on me. I felt my ankles being grabbed and my heels being removed, and then my suspender belt and knickers slid off my butt. They left my suspenders on. 

I began stroking Andrew and the base and sucking the tip of his cock harder. He grunted in pleasure, then placed one hand hard on the back of my head and forced me down. I opened one eye and saw Jamie standing by the side of the bed, looking at me. 

"Are you okay with this?" he asked. 

I nodded, and reached out to his crotch. I unfastened his top button and he did the rest of the work, tugging down his trousers like Andrew. Jamie was bigger. I took my hand from Andrew to support myself on the bed, then reached out to grab Jamie's dick with my other hand. As I did so, he lifted off his shirt, and at last I caught a full glimpse of his awesome body. Andrew followed suit and I looked up at them. They were both ripped, obviously they still kept up with sports. 

That meant that the stranger was behind me. I soon felt their groping hand squeeze my butt, before moving down between my legs. They were in for a treat. I was soaking wet. 

As I felt two fingers slide inside of me with ease, I forced myself down on Andrew, feeling myself gag around him. My saliva coated his shaft, and I looked up to watch him in pleasure. His hand stroked the back of my head, messing up my hair. 

Whoever was fingering me was good, and soon had me wriggling against him, my pussy clenching around his fingers. I started moaning against Andrew's cock, my tongue lapping at the underside hungrily. 

"Mmm... mmm..." 

I opened one eye to look at Jamie. He could hardly believe what he was seeing, but he seemed to be enjoying it immensely. I jerked him harder from base to tip until I couldn't take it any longer, and pulled away from Andrew, switching to the best man. I couldn't wait to accept him, and he certainly didn't object to it. His dick twitched in my mouth, and I got about half way down before I couldn't fit any more in. 

Andrew walked behind me, and I heard Jamie say something like: "It's only fair that the stag gets first dibs." 

I felt the strangers fingers withdraw, tracing themselves up my body. They walked around to take Andrew's place in front of me. 

The whoops and cheers continued from downstairs. I stuck my butt in the air for Andrew, and it didn't take him long to drive himself inside me. I had to take my mouth off of Jamie and gasp, for Andrew wasted no time in getting started. He gripped my waist and thrust his shaft deep inside me. I let out another moan. "Uhhhh~h..." 

I then turned my attention back to Jamie. I ran my tongue from the base of his shaft to the tip, before taking the tip into my mouth and flicking my tongue over it. As Andrew pumped away behind me, I groaned onto Jamie's cock and felt it twitch in ecstasy. I licked at the pre-cum which oozed from him before taking him deeper into my mouth. I tried to be gentle with Jamie- I kissed his cock before sucking the head, but Andrew was not having it. He fucked me hard, and I felt my butt slap against his abs. What else could I do but take Jamie as deep as I could? 

I felt somebody take my hand, and realised that I had forgotten all about the stranger. My hand left Jamie to support myself upright, whilst the other was guided towards the stranger's dick. I started jerking him lazily and he started groaning. It obviously kept him happy. 

Andrew's grip on my waist tightened, and I continued moaning onto Jamie's dick. This seemed to get him more in the mood as his stopped standing still, and instead began thrusting into my mouth, making me take him deeper and deeper. I could still only fit half of him in my mouth, but I sucked as hard as I could, blown away by Andrew, was went in all the way. His hand slapped my ass and I squealed with delight and surprise. 

I wanted to take Jamie's dick from my mouth and moan out loud, but he kept thrusting into me. He and Andrew matched rhythms really well, and I tried to match their thrusts with my strokes of the third man's cock. He and Jamie reached out and ran their hands through my hair and down my bare back. 

I could feel an orgasm building. I pushed myself back on Andrew and had to resist biting down on Jamie. I could feel my body rippling, and began to moan louder as the sensation grew and grew. Jamie seemed to realise what was happening and pulled out of my mouth. I gasped and then started groaning as loud as I could, as Andrew pounded me from behind. It built and built until I could stand it no longer, letting out a scream. 

"Uhhh! Ooooohhhhhhhhh, I'm cumming!" 

I heard a bellow of whoops and cheers from downstairs. Evidently they had all heard that. 

Andrew pulled out of me. "Fancy a go, Jamie?" He asked, stroking his cock. 

"You bet!" Jamie said and walked around behind me, giving Andrew a high five as they crossed paths. "I want her on top of me," he said, laying underneath me and pulling me onto his lap. 

I didn't object. I straddled him, with Andy and the stranger either side of me, and started to bounce. My pussy was sensitive, but he slipped into me with ease, and once I was comfortable it was easy to get back into a rhythm. Jamie thrust slightly whilst I jiggled up and down on him, taking Andrew and the stranger in my hands. I started jerking them both off, first taking Andrew into my mouth to taste myself before switching to the stranger to give him some attention. 

I sucked slower this time, feeling hands grope my bouncing tits, trying to make the experience as sensual as possible. Jamie was good. His cock was wide and stretched my pussy lips apart, keeping me on the threshold between pleasure and pain, making me want to go faster. But I enjoyed myself, taking it slowly in small bounces as I lapped at the two dicks either side of me. 

I felt a hand slide up my stomach, and I looked back at Jamie. He winked at me and let out a gasp as I took him deep inside of me, grinding against his balls. I yelped as he filled me up, taking a hand away to feel him in me before replacing it on the cock I was stroking. 

His hand slapped my ass and I moaned in response, before leaning in to suck the stranger. He slapped his dick against my tongue a few times before forcing his way in, thrusting into my mouth the way he had probably wanted to when I first started stripping. I hummed against him, running my hands over the strong male flesh which surrounded me on both sides. My boobs were squeezed hard and I sighed, pressing my chest into their grip. 
