 Special dedication to editor Rich...xxx

* * * * *

I heard the car pull up outside. I picked up my bag and ran downstairs, passing by the 'fridge, I took out a bottle of wine; a small contribution to what I knew was going to be a lovely dinner.

Paul smiled as I slipped into the passenger seat. I had not seen him in over four months and he looked fantastic in a sleeveless vest and Bermudas. His skin was lightly tanned and his blue eyes twinkled; his smile made my heart skip a beat. His dark hair had been cropped short, making him look younger than he was. It was a ten-minute drive to his home and we chatted and laughed on the way, comfortable in each other's company. 

We pulled into the driveway and got out of the car. The front door was open and I quickly made my way inside, eager to see Claire, my closest friend. We had been friends since our schooldays, shared our adolescence and first sexual encounters. We knew everything about each other so I was shocked to find her standing in the middle of the room with her arms around the waist of another woman. At first I thought I'd imagined the intimacy between them, but when Paul took my hand and led me through to the kitchen I knew I hadn't

I was confused. We had met Paul fourteen months ago and fallen deeply in love with him. I was jealous, not only of their love for each other but because he was so perfect: tall, dark and very handsome. She often bragged about his prowess in bed and it wasn't difficult for me to fantasize about him making love to me. I stood looking at him, unable to comprehend what I'd seen. How could she? What had happened in the four months she'd spent with him on his trips abroad that would send her into the arms of a woman? 

Paul poured me a glass of chilled white wine, the look of confusion still on my face. He laughed and said, 

"Don't be so prudish."

"I'm not!" I said. "I just don't understand what's going on."

I took a sip of wine. How could she be cheating on him? And with a woman! I had always thought Claire was a very lucky woman to be with him. In fact, I'd told her so on more than one occasion.

He looked at me and smiled, then came and stood next to me. We looked into each other's eyes. 

"Does it offend you?" he asked.

I was saved from answering by Claire and her 'friend' appearing in the doorway.

"Ally's leaving," Claire said.

Paul walked over to her and kissed her on the lips. Not a peck, a kiss. He'd never kissed me like that. Suddenly I was jealous of this woman. Curtly, I said 'Bye'.

He came back and stood close to me, his arm brushing against mine. It sent a shiver down my spine. I took another long drink of wine. 

"Well?" he asked.

I turned away from him but jumped when his hand touched my face, turning it back towards him.

"Answer me," he demanded.

I didn't know what to say. 

"Look, I don't know what's going on. I'm not sure what I saw. It's got nothing to do with me, anyway."

His eyes didn't leave mine when he said, 'They're lovers." 

Just then, Claire walked back into the room. 

"How long is dinner going to be, babe?" she asked as she topped up her glass.

"Ready when you are," he replied. "Why don't you two go sit down. I'll bring the food."

We made our way into the dining room. We chatted about her trip and the local gossip. All the while, my mind was filling with images of her and Ally.

The dinner, surprisingly, went very well. The food, as usual, was very good; Paul was a fantastic cook. When the meal was finished, we remained at the dining table, Claire and Paul sitting opposite me. She excused herself and went to the toilet.

"You still haven't answered me. Does it offend you that they're lovers?" 

"Well, no. Not really. I just don't understand why. She never struck me as the lesbian type. She's always been into guys."

He burst out laughing.

"What are you laughing at? It's not funny," I said resentfully.

"She's not a lesbian, silly."

"Who's not a lesbian?" Claire asked as she sat back down at the table.

I could feel my face redden and lowered my head. He continued to laugh.

"She thinks you're a lesbian," he said, still laughing.

She looked straight at me. I didn't know what to say, so I decided to say nothing. 

"Do you?" she asked. "Why?"

"I feel really awkward, Paul," I stuttered. "You didn't need to tell her."

My annoyance with him was clear by the tone of my voice. 

Paul picked up our drinks and we moved to the lounge. I sat on a chair while he and Claire sat together on the couch opposite me.

"We're adults. We like adult games," he said. "I thought you were a lot more open minded."

I was beginning to feel uncomfortable again as I felt their eyes bore into me.

"I am! This is just not what I was expecting," I said. "Something's changed. I don't know what, but I feel I don't know you anymore."

"Like I said, we're adults and like adult games. Adult sex games. We enjoy it. Maybe if you relaxed and opened your mind you would, too."

"It's nothing to be ashamed of," Claire added. "Unless you don't enjoy sex."

I was offended. Her comment hurt and I responded to it before I thought about it.

"I enjoy sex, a lot. Don't imply that I don't."

"We're not," he said. "But don't look down your nose because we like others to join us."

This was getting worse. He had said 'others.' Plural.

"What is the most exciting thing you've done, sexually?" she asked.

They were both staring at me. He was stroking her thigh and kissing her neck. I didn't know what to say, whether to be open and honest but sound pathetic, or lie and make out I had done something really outrageous. But what!

I hadn't been in a relationship for nearly a year. By choice. I enjoyed sex but nearly always felt unfulfilled. I wanted adventure but didn't know how to ask for it.

I got up and went to the toilet. When I returned they were in the kitchen, clearing away the dishes.

"Look, we're sorry for embarrassing you, we didn't mean to. I don't want this to spoil our friendship," she said, moving towards me. "Just don't judge me. We weren't expecting you to walk in when you did. You caught a glimpse of our private lives, and I'm sorry if it upsets you. Actually, I'm a little embarrassed about you finding out like this."

"No, I'm sorry, "I replied. "I'm just so surprised. I'm really not criticising you. I mean, I've read about this type of relationship, but never thought you would be into it."

Paul had come behind me and was kissing me lightly on the neck. His touch was electric; I felt my nipples harden. I was wearing a short navy skirt with a tight fitting top. It clung to my breasts and I knew my nipples would be showing through the fine material. He pulled me closer to him, so close I could feel the hardness of his erection pressing against me. 

I continued, "Besides, you wanted to try something, so you have. If you enjoy it, why stop. You're lucky Paul understands."

They exchanged a look.

"No, you're wrong. Paul asked me to do it for him. He wanted to watch me with a woman. He encouraged me. I just happen to love it, too. To be honest, I was very nervous the first time but once I'd let my inhibitions go, it was wonderful. But it doesn't make me a lesbian. Sex is too good with Paul for that. He is a fantastic lover."

"Anytime you feel horny and need some loving, I'm your man," he said laughing back at me and winking. 

My mind was racing. How many times had I masturbated thinking about him? He had made love to me many times in many positions, but only in my mind.

His hands slipped round my waist and under my top as he again kissed my neck. My knees went weak. He was holding me to him, enveloping me in his strong arms, caressing my skin. I couldn't control the throbbing deep in my crotch. I closed my eyes and felt myself getting wet.

When I opened them, she was staring at me. She moved closer, taking my hands in hers and smiled, somehow she seemed to understand.

"Why don't you two go upstairs?" she said.

I couldn't move. This was a dream come true for me. I had longed to be held by him, to feel his lips against mine, to feel his throbbing cock as he exploded into me. I was finding it hard to concentrate; my whole body was shaking with emotion.

"Look", she said, "he's always fancied you. I know you fancy him. For once in your life be happy. Be outrageous. Enjoy yourself. I would be too selfish to keep him all to myself."

Before I could respond, he turned me to him and kissed me lightly on the lips, his fingers doing a dance up and down my spine. His hands dropped lower and he squeezed my bottom, pulling me closer to him. I could feel the hardness of his dick against me and it excited me. I looked down and saw a bulge in his pants. I kissed him back. Our mouths opened and our tongues played. My hands were resting on his muscular arms, stroking them softly.

Suddenly he pulled away.

"Okay. We're adults, not children. We have been honest with you. You need to be honest with yourself, decide what you want. I'm going upstairs. If you want me you'll come too.'

With that, he left.

I had to decide. I looked at his wife, my friend.

"He's a fantastic lover and he's got a cock to die for," she said smiling. 

"You don't mind?" 

"Well, I'd be lying if I said I didn't, but only because I want to join you. But he has fantasised about you for so long it seems unfair to deny him."

She poured me a drink and I took a long swallow, my hand shaking. I was feeling as horny as hell but I didn't want to do something I would regret. I knew I would regret not following him upstairs.

"You're sure?" I asked, sheepishly.

"Go!" she said, pushing me to the door. "You need a good fucking."

I went. My legs were shaking when I reached the top of the stairs. The bedroom door was just ajar and for a second I wavered. Then I took a deep breath and pushed open the door. 

He was lying in the middle of the bed with a sheet covering his lower body, the outline of his erection sticking up. There was a dark wet spot soaking through the sheet just over its head. He smiled and patted the bed for me to join him. I hesitated.

A big decision: turn and run, or stay.

I walked to the bed and sat down on the edge. He sat up and kissed my bare shoulder, slipping his hand under the strap of my top and gently caressing it. His hand moved down and cupped my breast. They had swelled with desire; my nipples had popped and ached to be touched.

He pulled me back on the bed and covered my mouth with his, our tongues playing wildly. His hands slipped up under my top and again cupped my breasts, but this time nothing was between them. Skin on skin. Exquisite.

He started to undo the buttons on my top but stopped. He lay back on the bed, arms behind his head. He was teasing me. 

I continued to carefully undo the buttons, and then slowly I slipped the straps from my shoulders. I held the material over my breasts until I was ready then I let it fall to the floor. I caressed and teased my nipples while he looked on. My fingers found the zip at the back of my skirt and I quickly slipped it over my slender legs, leaving me in a black, lacy thong. I stood and, feeling sexier than I ever had in my life, I slowly slipped it down my thighs. I was wet and throbbing. 

My eyes never left his and excitement filled me when I stood naked before him. He pulled back the covers to reveal his rock hard cock. It was enormous. I went weak at the knees thinking of it being thrust deep inside me.

He pulled me onto the bed and quickly spread my legs. He was kissing me passionately, his tongue fucking mine. I felt his hands on my pussy, and then he spread my legs wider. His fingers slid down between my pussy lips, and I thrust my hips upward to meet him. I was sopping. I grasped his hand and forced it down, pressing it against my neatly clipped bush. I was so wet his fingers glided smoothly inside me. My other hand had found his cock and I was pleasantly surprised when I could barely close my hand round its girth. I gently slid my hand up and down his shaft, masturbating him slowly, until his hips thrust to meet my hand. I looked down between us, and notice thin white trails of pre cum dripping on my wrist, connecting the two of us like a rubberband. 

He stopped me and lay on his back, his legs wide. His cock was hard and pointed skywards; a large shaft with a firm pink head pointing straight out of a tuft of black pubic hair. His balls were large and round, and dangled deep between his legs.

He lay back as I straddled him. Taking his cock in my hand I carefully stroked my wet pussy with its helmet. I could wait no longer. I pushed down on him and took his full length. It filled me, stretching my pussy walls tightly round it. 

He reached up and cupped my tits, squeezing them together. Then he raised himself from the bed and, one at a time, sucked one, then the other, into his mouth. I rode him faster, bucking my hips against his pubic bone, so the base of his cock was hitting me just inside my pussy. He lay back and let his hands play over my body, while watching me fuck him.

It had been a long time since I'd been fucked and I knew I would cum quickly. I wasn't wrong. My pussy tightened round him as I neared orgasm. I pounded him harder and faster. When I came, it was incredible. My whole body shook with emotion. My eyes were closed and I was breathing heavy. I was spent, complete. 

It was over. 

"Did you enjoy that?" he asked.

I smiled. My juices were running from me, down his shaft and into his hairy crotch. It felt good. Before I could gather my thoughts, he had lifted me onto all fours and was expertly working his fingers into my pussy; a few slow thrusts deep into my cunt, followed by a gentle stroking of my clit. He pushed my legs wide and positioned himself behind me, holding my legs wide with his. I wanted him again, so when I felt the tip of his throbbing cock at my velvety hole I relaxed and begged him to enter. I wasn't disappointed. With a single thrust, I had him. I clenched my pussy round his rigid pole and I was only letting go when I was satiated. Now it was his turn. I wanted to be like a glove and envelope his cock, and milk him for everything he had. I wanted to feel him come inside me, to unload his juices between my legs.

He started to fuck me slowly: long, slow, deep thrusts, his balls banging against my legs. I was tight round him so the pleasure was incredible. I wanted him faster and harder, so I was pushing back on him but he held me fast, controlling the rhythm. This meant my orgasm started, but I couldn't reach a climax. It just built slowly. 

I was panting hard. I felt my next orgasm form in my lower belly; my muscles were in involuntary spasms. I rocked back faster on his massive cock. He grasped my hips tight and rammed me from behind. This made my cunt tighten round him, putting even more pressure on his shaft. I felt a massive throb pulse through me. He was ready to cum.

Suddenly he slowed his thrusting, and pushed all the way inside me, as deep as he could go. He held me tight as he gently rocked, holding our bodies tightly together. His eyes were closed as he gasped for breath. Then he stiffened and began to cum. I wanted to cum with him, and I reached between us and massaged my clit and the base of his cock, feeling it pulse with each squirt. His balls were pressed up against us, large and firm. I couldn't take it anymore and exploded in another spectacular orgasm. 

We collapsed in a heap on the bed, totally spent and exhausted. He held me. He kissed me. He caressed me. He gathered me in his arms and held me close. Our juices mingled and ran between my legs as his cock softened inside me.

I felt like I'd run a marathon. My legs ached, my chest pounded. But my inner being was satisfied, content. I'd had what I'd longed for; a really good fuck that made me cum and cum and cum. 

We lay together. I enjoyed the feel of his naked flesh against mine. He kissed me tenderly, the way lovers do as his hands caressed my body. He sat up on his elbow, looking down over me. His gaze should have embarrassed me, but it didn't. Curiously, it made me hornier. I stretched my legs and posed for him.

His hand caressed my tummy and slowly made its way down to my pussy. He gently slid a finger into my wet cunt and felt the wetness of his cum. He pulled his finger out and held it up to my mouth. I hesitated, but gently sucked it, tasting the sweet pepperyness of the two of us on his finger. With that I was ready again, I longed for his touch. He moved his body down mine, kissing me as he went, licking my belly button and down to the top of my venus mound. I opened my legs ready for him. His fingers gently stroked my labia then he pulled back the hood covering my clit. He stroked it between two fingers, the way I had earlier in the day. My hips moved upwards, rubbing his fingers against my pussy lips. My breath caught in my throat when I felt his tongue follow. I lay back and relaxed. I moved my hips against his mouth pushing his tongue in deeper. I felt his finger enter me and moved my hips higher to take it deep. After a few strokes, I had three of his fingers deep inside me. His mouth was sucking my clit, heightening my pleasure. Then I felt his finger tease my arsehole. I loved it. I opened my legs wider and felt his touch against my puckered hole. He caressed it and played until it slipped in easily. It was fantastic. He was finger fucking me with three fingers, sucking my clit and teasing my arse. I was in heaven.

Imagine my frustration when he stopped. 

"Hey, we forgot about Claire," he said, with a look of concern. "She's downstairs all alone while we're up here enjoying ourselves."

He was right but I didn't want this to end. This was my fantasy, my time. However, he was right. I started to feel guilty, as if I'd taken advantage. It was good of her to let me fuck him once, never mind me going at him like a rampant nympho. I tried to hide my disappointment as I got up to dress but he pulled me back, covering my mouth with his, caressing my body.

"No, don't go. Not yet," he whispered in my ear. "I don't want this to end. You are incredible just like I knew you would be."

We kissed as his fingers lightly stroked my nipple.

"Let Claire join us," he whispered.

I kissed him back as my mind turned over what he'd said. My emotions were running high, I felt sexually liberated for the first time in my life. This was like a new beginning, an exciting time. It would be wrong to waste it. I had fantasised about being with a woman. If there was a right time, surely it was now. But I wavered. Would it affect our friendship? Here I was, having fucked her husband and I was worrying about our friendship. Bloody stupid girl!!

Before I could change my mind I whispered back, 

"Okay."

He jumped off the bed and made for the door. I was fighting with my mind not to think about the inevitable, to relax and enjoy what was about to happen. 

I pulled the sheet up over me and stretched. I had the incredible feeling of sexual tension building inside me. My pussy was throbbing and my nipples felt like they were about to burst; they were on fire. I reached between my legs and fingered myself, feeling his wet cum in my pussy. The room smelled of sex.

They entered the room hand in hand. They both looked at me lying on the bed. I slowly pulled back the sheet to let them see my nakedness. His cock responded immediately, curving sharply from his groin, still glistening wet from me. I could see her hard nipples clearly through the cheesecloth shirt she was wearing. His hand reached down and pulled up her skirt and stroked her pussy through her pink panties, while his other hand slipped inside her shirt and cupped her breast. 

He stopped and pulled her to him, lifting her face to his and gently kissed her as he started to undress her. I watched as her clothes fell to the floor. She had large breasts with large brown nipples. He cupped and squeezed them, then took each hard nipple in his mouth and sucked. His hand had slipped down her bare stomach and into the front of her panties. She opened her legs to let him in. I watched as he finger fucked her but longed for him to remove them and leave her naked. He did. He knelt and slipped them down, covering her pussy with his mouth. I was excited. My hands moved to my clit and I started to play; long slow strokes along my pussy lips. He moved away from her and I was shocked to see that her pussy was totally bare, smooth. It excited me more. They made their way to the bed and lay down with me. He kissed me first then moved to my nipples, sucking hard. 
