 On this particular night I had gone out with The following is a true story of one of my personal experiences. It occurred about 3 years ago. I was 22 years old at the time and had recently had my first sexual experience involving 2 men at the same time, Steve, who was my boyfriend back then and his roommate Brian. I recounted this experience in my last post – Heather’s Wild Night. My next story takes place about 6 weeks after that amazing night.

It was strange, after that night, none of us really talked about what had happened. My boyfriend Steve and I hadn’t mentioned it all to each other and Steve’s roommate Brian wasn’t around much as usual. That night hadn’t been planned, at least not by me. As far as Steve and Brian, I had my suspicions that they might have discussed it at some point in time. Anyway, in the days and weeks that followed that incident, it was all I could do to not think about it. I kept replaying that incredible night in my head. Wondering if anything like that would ever happen to me again.
several of my girlfriends to celebrate one of their birthdays. We were having a pretty wild night - dancing, doing shots, and flirting with groups of guys – a fun girls night out. Guys have always seemed to give me lots of attention – I’m 5’ 5’’, about 110 lbs with shoulder length red hair and I try to work out pretty regularly. On this night I was dressed in a tight blouse and a tight, short skirt. We were out until the bar closed and by the end of the night, between the alcohol and the men hitting on me, I was feeling pretty turned on and decided to head to my boyfriend’s place to get lucky.

One of my more sober friends dropped me off at Steve’s apartment complex and I stumbled up the stairs to his door. I somehow managed to get the key Steve had recently given me into the door and entered the dark apartment. Once inside, I tried to get my bearings, which wasn’t easy considering my recent alcohol intake and the lack of light. Eventually I was able to make out a body sleeping on the couch and I decided to wake up Steve giving him a nice surprise. I climbed up on top of him and he stirred as I spoke quietly into his ear. 

“Hey baby, guess who?” I whispered as I began to kiss my way down his face.

“Heather?” he responded groggily as I felt him trying to wake up.

“Of course silly. Who else would it be?” I said breathlessly, my lips hovering just above his.

 I began to softly run my tongue across his lips and I instantly felt him begin to respond beneath me. As I pushed my tongue inside his lips and flicked it across his teeth, he grabbed my ass under my short skirt and pulled me hard against him. This turned me on immensely and I began to kiss him passionately. He quickly reached up and grabbed my blouse, unbuttoning it with my help. I rapidly removed my blouse and bra as my 34C breasts spilled out. As we continued to grind into each other, he eagerly reached up and began to grope my ample breasts, squeezing them tightly and pinching my now hard nipples. 

Suddenly, the light came on in the adjacent hallway. I opened my eyes too see Steve, standing in his boxers and watching me as I looked down and realized that it was Brian who was beneath me.

Now deep down, I think I probably knew what I was doing soon after climbing on top of Brian, but given my inebriated and horny state I wasn’t going to stop.

Steve walked over to us. I’m sure I looked like quite the slut. Straddling my boyfriend’s roommate. My tiny skirt hiked up around my hips. My bare breasts exposed and Brian’s hands firmly gripping my ass and tits.

“Hey baby, how you doing?” Steve said, a sly grin forming on his face.

“Oh, I’m real good baby” I said, almost in a dream.

“I can certainly see that!” Steve said, amused.

Steve slowly moved his hand to my left breast and caressed it, lingering on my hardening nipple. Steve then reached for my hand and helped me up off the couch, leading me to the middle of the living room.

Steve pressed his lips against mine kissing me hard, his tongue entwining with mine. Steve then stopped and leaned over, briefly kissing my breasts, then continuing down to my stomach, before finally kneeling down beside me. Steve reached around my waist and undid my skirt, sliding it down my legs. Steve’s hands then went to my calves, slid upwards to the backs of my thighs, then continued further – under my panties and onto my ass. After briefly rubbing my ass, Steve pulled my panties down and off my body, reaching up to take my hand and help me down to the floor onto my back. 

As I lay naked on the living room floor, Steve bent forward and began to kiss me. He moved to cheek, briefly tongued my ear, then lifted my red hair and began kissing the back of my neck. I sighed as he did this, running my hands across my naked body. My skin felt electric as my fingertips brushed against its surface. I felt Steve breathing heavily in my ear. 

“Heather, you are such sexy little bitch!” Steve whispered. “You want it again don’t you baby?”

“Oh God Yes! I’m so horny!” I whined.

I felt Brian slide in between my spread legs. I wondered if he was going to fuck me tonight, he hadn’t during our first episode. Steve had now removed his boxers and was kneeling next to my head, rubbing the head of his cock against my cheek. Suddenly I felt Brian’s hot breath just above my pussy and I lifted my hips of the ground, thrusting my mound into his mouth. Brian slid his hands under my ass cheeks and immediately began feverishly licking my already wet pussy. I let out a long loud moan. Brian began concentrating on my clit, licking it with his tongue and rubbing it with his fingers (It appears his technique had improved in the last 6 weeks). 

“Yes that’s it baby! Right There!” I shouted.

“You like that don’t you Heather?” Steve said, still stroking his cock next to me.

“Uh Huh!” was all I could manage.

“That’s it baby. You gonna suck my cock like a good little girl?” Steve asked.

Unable to form words, I simply turned, grabbed Steve’s hard prick and popped it in my mouth. I greedily sucked him as I felt the pleasure emanating in waves from pussy. Brian was now furiously rubbing my clit with one hand, while the other pumped two fingers in and out of my steaming hole. Steve gently grabbed my head and began sliding his cock in and out of my mouth. My orgasm was now moments away. Suddenly, Brian slowed his pace, then stopped!

“No No! Don’t Stop!” I screamed as I spat out Steve’s cock. “Please, Please! I’m so fucking close!” I begged. 

“You wanna cum baby? You wanna cum hard?” Steve said, now speaking into my ear again.

“Oh God Yeah! Oh please” I cried.

“You wanna get fucked Heather? You wanna get fucked good and hard?” Steve sneered.

“Oh my God give it to me!” I exclaimed. 

Brian was now rubbing the head of his penis up and down my pussy and causing me to moan uncontrollably. Finally, he slid his cock into me and I came almost immediately, experiencing an intense orgasm. Brian continued to hump me at a steady pace and I turned to see Steve, sitting there stroking his cock, watching his roommate have his way with me. Steve approached me now, squatting over top of me as his balls dropped into my mouth. I sucked on them as Steve leaned forward, his cock still slick with my saliva, resting on my chest. As Brian quickened his pace, Steve pushed the sides of my tits in and began thrusting his shaft between my cleavage. Brian began to breathe heavily now, then moaned. I groaned in anticipation with Steve’s balls still in my mouth as Steve continued to titfuck me.

“Oh My God Heather, Yes!” Brian screamed as he pulled his cock out and started to spurt hot cum on my stomach. Brian finished cumming and moved out from between my legs. As Brian moved away, Steve rolled of me and positioned himself between my legs, staring at me.

“Heather you are such a sexy little slut. I’m gonna fuck you so hard! You want it sweety?”

“Uh Huh, Uh Huh, Yeah!” I whimpered, barely able to speak.

Steve reached down and grabbed my ankles, spread and lifted my legs, and placed my feet next to my head, completely exposing me to his manhood. He thrust his hips forward, entering me with the head of his stiff cock and continued until he was totally buried inside of me. He began fucking me at a hard and deliberate rate. Steve was trying to make this last and I lost track of time as my second orgasm rocked my body. As my orgasm subsided I felt Brian next to me, kneeling by my head with his semi-hard prick in his hand. I turned my head and took him in my mouth feeling his dick stiffen instantly. Soon Brian’s dick popped from my mouth as Steve began to plunge into me violently, his balls slapping against my ass. I reached out and grabbed Brian’s dick in my hand and found his hand already at work, feverishly pumping his own cock. Our hands worked in tandem as he quickly cried out and began to cum.

Steve was grunting hard now, crashing into me with unbelievable force. Sweat dropped of his body and down onto me as he jammed my ankles all the way to the floor, totally opening my pussy to him. 

“AH, AH, AH!” Steve began crying out.

I felt him begin to pulse inside me, filling me with cum. I reached down and rubbed my clit hard, stiffening with another orgasm. Steve pulled his dick out and continued to cum, shooting it into the air and onto my stomach and tits. 

Steve finished and lay back on top of me, his shrinking cock sliding back inside me. He released his grip on my ankles let my legs go back to the floor. Brian had vanished as I experienced my final orgasm of the night and Steve and I soon went to bed, as I passed out nearly immediately. It would the last time the 3 of us got together, but thankfully, was not my last group experience.