 My fiance Heather and I have been dating for about 2 years now. When Heather and I first started dating, we were in bed talking about our sexual fantasies and she told me about a curiosity she had about being with 2 guys. I told her of some of my fantasies, they were not quite as out there, but kinky still the same. I gave her threesome fantasy a lot of thought and have to admit that the idea of it really turned me on. I was not willing to go that far for her, but I wanted to give her something as close as I could or would be willing to do. Again, that was 2 years ago and had no thoughts of the boundaries or anything. They were just thoughts swirling around in my head. 

Fast forward about 2 years. As a backstory, for Christmas last year she bought me a massage table and all the accessories. The idea was for her to give me massages to work out my stress. As it turns out, I have more fun giving her long deep massages. I just enjoy exploring and rubbing every inch of her body. I can go for 2 hours just rubbing her down. She absolutely loves it and we pretty much go until we can't stand it anymore and I usually end up throwing her on the bed and we fuck like crazy. That does a much better job of relieving my stress than being on the receiving end.

For New Years eve, we went out with a good friend of mine named Evan. Evan is an average guy, but is Mr. Personality. Hanging out with him that night got me thinking. He and I could give my fiance what is called a four hands massage. I had started to give this a lot of thought. I knew that there had to be some rules involved. There is no way I wanted him to fuck her, nor did I want any kissing. The more I thought about it, the more rules I thought of. The final set of boundaries I came up with were as follows: No kissing above the neck, no penises out, she could feel him through his underwear, wherever my lips or hands went, his could too. To me the last rule was pretty much anywhere. 

One night my fiance and I we were doing our massage thing and she was getting really turned on. I figured this would be the right moment to ask her about the plan I came up with. For her birthday, I asked her if she liked the idea of 2 guys massaging her naked body at one time. I told her that my friend, like me, would be touching every inch of her body. Probing every square inch with our hands. She was really getting turned on by this point. Of course the pillow talk got the best of me and I pushed it further. Telling her that we both would be exploring her entire body orally as well. She would grab our cocks and feel the hardness of both of us. I continued on from there, while still turning her on, she was unsure about anything going further. It seems we were on the same page. She loved the idea, but it took her some convincing to for me to make it a reality. I told her it would be her one time free pass. Of course this was around April and her birthday wasn't until July. Still 3 months away! I talked to my friend about my idea the next time we were out and he was completely gung ho for it. He thought my fiance was pretty cool and liked her a lot. 

Now our weekends are crazy with travel, etc, so her birthday came and went with no 4 hands massage. In looking at everyone's calendar, the first chance we had to do this was about a month after her birthday. The buildup during this time was driving Heather crazy. She kept wanting to back out and then next thing she was back in. She just said she would have to have a lot of wine ahead of time to loosen her up. If she was going to be fully nude in front of two fully dressed guys, with their hands all over her, she was gonna have to be a bit tipsy. Finally the night came. Heather and I were incredibly excited and incredibly nervous. My friend came over and the 3 of us watched a movie and drank a lot wine to loosen up. I think Heather had a bottle to her self. When the movie was over, I told her I had a small surprise for her. I went upstairs to start a bath for her and lit about a dozen candles between the bathroom and the bedroom. She loved the idea of the bath and got naked (with just me and her at this point) and jumped right in. I leaned over and she gave me a huge kiss to say thank you. I whispered to her "Happy Birthday Heather, I love you." 

While she was taking her bath, my friend and I talked about the various massage techniques and how we were to do the massage. I also said that I wanted to give her another surprise if he was willing. My idea was to have both of us eat her out taking turns. I also wanted us to be in our underwear so she could see our hard cocks. He loved the idea (duh!). I told him it was to not go past that, but I did tell her she could feel him through his underwear. He was hard before she even showed up! A few minutes later, Heather came out of the bathroom in my robe, stepped around to the front of Evan, faced him, saw his hardon, and then took off her robe so he could see everything. She climbed up on the table laid on her back for a moment so Evan could get a good look at her. She slowly turned over, lying face down, so we could start the massage as we have always done it.

I started rubbing oil on her back, neck, and arms, and he started at her feet, then her calves, then her hamstrings and eventually worked his way (briefly) to her glutes. She spread her legs slightly for him so he could get a glimpse of her soaking wet pussy. It was driving me crazy. I was rock hard. As I was was spreading the oil over her back, my stiff cock was poking her on the top of her head. We had a good laugh at that. After the oil was spread all over her backside, we worked her muscles over for awhile with me on top and Evan on the bottom half. After about 45 minutes or so, we decided to switch halves. He didn't get very aggressive with her while doing her legs. I think he was a bit nervous as well and didn't want to overstep his boundaries. After we switched, he was still pretty tentative, but he kept working her back. I, meanwhile, was working closer and closer to her crack. I have her asshole a bit of a massage and worked my way to her pussy, but only for a few moments. Just enough to drive her crazy. My friend was watching the whole time and he was quickly erect again. I was loving the attention so I bent over and tounged her asshole a few times. This drove all 3 of us crazy. I got up and motioned to him to see if he wanted to give it a try. He declined at this point. Oh well. At that point, I moved to one side of her and he moved to the other. Her hands were at her side so I laid my balls (with underwear) into her hand on the table. I pointed to my friend to do it also and he did. She started to fondle both of our balls while we ran our hands up and down her. In unison, we massaged her from feet to shoulders getting some good feels in on her ass and pussy. After about 10 minutes, I had her turn over. It was time to play...I mean massage her front side.

This time, again, he started on her legs and I started on her neck, arms, breasts, and stomach. I was really enjoying running my hands all up and down her upper body. I would start at her shoulders, slide my hands down over her breasts, then down to her stomach getting close to pubic area. Evan was much more aggressive with her front than he was with her back. He worked his way up to her hips after starting with her feet and shins(pretty quickly I might add) and started playing with the sides of her pelvis and running his hands around her shaven mound. He wasn't touching her pussy, but he was driving her crazy still the same. Heather started to buck slightly at both of us getting close to her pussy. With her bucking, this gave Evan all the permission he needed. He finally started to rub her pussy lips with his fingers. She let out a large gasp. He let go of her pussy and worked back down her legs. This was driving her nuts. Hell, it was driving me nuts to watch. I moved around to the side of her and she reached up and grabbed my cock. She was stroking it through my underwear. At that point, my friend bent down, looked at me for approval for which I gave immediately, and he started to tongue her pussy lips. I was about ready to explode. I wrestled my dick from her grip and bent down myself and started to kiss her breasts and then worked down to her navel and eventually to her hips. My friend was completely going crazy on her pussy and she was loving it. He started to back off her pussy and worked his way up to her tits. She reached for his dick and started to play with it. While she was busy playing with him, I fingered her pussy and ate her out at the same time. This went on for about 10 more minutes and she just exploded with her cum. 

After she came, she pulled down his underwear to expose his rock hard cock and she turned to her side and started sucking it like there was no tomorrow. This was more than I had planned on, but I think between being in the moment plus the wine, I was completely into it. I continued to finger her during this time and was going crazy watching her take him completely into her mouth. She was going at his cock fast and furious like she was a seasoned porn star. I was loving it. Apparently, Evan was too; all too quickly he came in her mouth surprising both of us. She swallowed every drop of it. She turned to me and told me to take off my underwear. She got up and went to the bed and got into a doggie style position so we both could see every inch of her from behind. I immediately got up on the bed and mounted her from behind. I played with her pussy and asshole with my cock. I poked the head of cock into her ass for a moment and felt myself getting way to close to cumming too quickly. I pulled out of her ass and pushed my cock into her pussy. With all that happend and my friend being there, I lasted maybe a minute more before exploding into her. After that, we all laid there for a couple of minutes and she got up and got into the shower and cleaned up. My friend got dressed and when she got out of the shower, he hugged her goodbye and that was it. Her free pass was over. We went to bed, had sex a couple more times during the night and that was that.