 I’ve always considered firemen to be a special breed of people. There is something so heroic and sexy about a man that is willing to go into burning buildings to rescue another person. The newspaper I work for had asked me to write a cover story on firemen and their lives. I had a feeling this was going to be fun.

The first day I showed up, I met all the guys. On the first shift, there were two in particular that had agreed to be covered. Rafe was your typical mid-west cowboy type. He was tall, over 6’, lean and muscled., His brown hair was shaggy and his eyes were a deep green. Not too bad to look at. Frank was what I imagined the typical fireman to be. He was stocky and strong. His black hair was cut short so it wouldn’t get in the way of his helmet. He oozed sexuality. The other guys were equally impressive and I had a hard time concentrating.


Within the first three hours of being there, the first call came in. I followed the guys to the fire and watched them in action. I felt the heat and felt the strength. I was amazing. I’d never seen anything like this before. Rafe and Frank were the first two to go in. I watched them work and was in awe. Everyone was out safe and the fire was contained. 


Back at the firehouse, I followed Rafe and Frank, asking them questions. They were headed towards the showers and I was still following them. Rafe asked if I was going to shower with them. Frank laughed and I smiled. Maybe later.


As the first shift changed into the second shift, I asked Rafe and Frank if they would have drinks with me to talk about the day. We went to a little bar nearby and sat at a table in the back. I asked them about what they felt when they were sent on a call, what it was like, and what scared them. They starting talking and I listened. As they talked about the brute force of a fire, I found myself getting hotter and hotter, about ready to burst. I asked them if they’d ever been offered favors for their services. Rafe laughed and said once a lady had offered to give him a blow job for saving her apartment. 


“Well, did you take her up on it?”


“Oh yea, I let her suck me. She was good too.”


Frank started to tell a story about how he had been called to a call when he was still new to the force. He’d been sent into the house to investigate and there wasn’t any fire. The couple had been making dinner when they got overheated and started fucking on the floor. The dinner had burnt on the stove and set off their fire alarm. They were so into fucking each other, they didn’t hear it or the fire trucks pull up.


I was getting turned on listening to them. I reached out to both of them and rubbed my hand on their thighs.


“You know what I think? I think that firemen are sexy. When I see a fireman, all I want to do is fuck ‘em. What do you think about that?”


Rafe looked down at my hand in his lap and then up at Frank. Frank was watching my hand slide up his thigh to cup his groin. Rafe was the first to talk.


“I think we better get this lady some place where we can stroke her fire for a while.”


We paid the bill and left. They wanted to go back to Rafe’s. I said no. I wanted the firehouse.


We snuck back into the firehouse and headed upstairs. Rafe opened the door to one of the offices which was only used during the day shift. No one was there. We went in and I reached out to both of them. Sliding my hand up their chests, I leaned into Rafe and kissed his lips, then I kissed Frank.


“I love watching you guys slide down that pole. It’s so sexual. Do you have a pole I can slide down, boys?”


Both of them unzipped their pants. Rafe’s cock was long and thick and getting harder by the minute. Frank’s cock was short and thick and was rock hard already. I slipped to my knees in front of them and took Rafe’s cock in my hand. As I stroked his cock, I took Frank’s cock in my mouth and sucked him slowly. Frank moaned and I sucked harder. Switching, I took Rafe’s cock between my lips and sucked while I palmed Frank’s cock. Moving back and forth, I sucked and pulled on both of them, getting both hard and heated. 


Standing up, I licked my bottom lip as I slowly undressed. Pulling off my bra and panties, I stood naked. I went up to Rafe and whispered in his ear. He smiled. Lifting me up, he turned me upside down so my mouth was on his cock and my pussy was in his face. I hung there and opened my legs wide. I sucked Rafe’s cock and felt two tongues on my open pussy. Bracing my hands on Rafe’s thighs, I sucked his cock, rolling my tongue around it. Frank and Rafe were both licking my pussy, sliding their tongues back and forth across my slit. I was in heave. Rafe was about to cum and I didn’t want that yet. I told them to set me down.


Laying back on the desk, I told Rafe to fuck me. He pulled me to the edge and rammed his cock hard inside me. I had Frank crawl up on the desk and straddle me. I took his cock in my mouth and sucked him hard and fast as Rafe slammed his cock in and out of me. Lifting Frank’s balls, I sucked them into my mouth and Frank moaned. Alternating between Frank’s cock and his balls, I gave him a blow job to remember. 


My pussy was dripping and starting to hum. I felt my orgasm building and begged Rafe to fuck me harder. I moaned as I shivered and came on his cock. Rafe slammed his cock into me again and then pulled out, his cum spewing on my pussy. Frank crawled off the desk and then went down and slammed his cock into my open pussy. I moaned as his cock filled me even fuller. Rafe was leaning over me, sucking my nipple into his mouth. His fingers played with my other tit while his tongue flicked back and forth over my hard nub. I couldn’t take it. I came again.


Frank pulled out and told me to turn over. I slipped off the desk and braced myself against it as Frank rammed his cock into me again. Rafe was leaning down kissing my lips. Our tongues were fighting each other. I reached out and grabbed his cock, which was starting to grow again between his legs. Frank grunted and then thrust hard inside me. Another orgasm took me and then Frank was cumming inside my pussy. He pulled out and settled back in the chair. 


Rafe moved down and settled between my legs. I moaned as his tongue filled my pussy. He was licking me clean, lapping at Frank’s and my cum. His tongue dove inside me and then circled my clit. I was moaning, grabbing the edge of the desk. Rafe rammed two fingers inside my pussy and fucked me as his tongue drilled me. I was cumming again, harder and harder each time.


Both men were hard again in seconds. This time, I had Frank stay in the chair. I slowly lowered myself on his cock, my breasts in his face. Frank took one nipple in his mouth and started to suck it. As I settled on Frank’s cock, I told Rafe to fuck my ass. He slowly guided his cock into my ass and I felt full. Two cocks slamming inside me. I moaned and closed my eyes. Frank’s cock was thrusting up inside me as Rafe’s cock was drilling my ass. We were moaning and grunting. I grabbed hold of the back of Frank’s chair, holding on as my orgasm started. Just as I moaned out, the fire alarm in the firehouse went off. I went over the edge. 


As the alarm rang out, calling the second shift to their next fire, Frank and Rafe pushed into me and we were all cumming hard and fast. Rafe pulled out and then I slipped off of Frank. Taking Rafe’s cock in my mouth, I sucked him clean, then turned to Frank and sucked him clean. Both men collapsed, exhausted. I laid on the desk and stroked my pussy, still hot and horny. Rafe smiled and said we were going to need two shifts for me. I asked when the next shift started. 


By the way, I’m now officially the firehouse mascot.