 I was sitting, looking out my bedroom window, reminiscing about the night that Hank and Bob came over. I was like a young girl on her first date, me a 53 year old woman, finally fulfilling one of my fantasies. I was going to have two men make love to me. What a night was planned! I slowly sipped on my glass of wine, thinking back to when they came over. They arrived almost simultaneously, looking ill at ease. I introduced my long time lover, Hank to Bob. This was the first time they had met each other even though I had told them about each other. They knew the reason for the invitation and had wanted to be the men involved.

They were the two men who were very sexually compatible with me. Hank knew all my special areas because we had been lovers for a long time now. Bob was someone who I had met and enjoyed a few different times. He was learning that I was a very sexual and sensual woman.

I offered a beer to both men - making sure I gave them their favorite kind. That first beer disappeared so fast that I started laughing so hard. We sat around - Hank on the couch, me, on the floor, resting my head on Hank's knee and Bob was next to me. Hank and Bob were getting to know each other, just idle chatting, but eventually both of them telling stories about some of the exciting things they had done in the past with different women.

As I listened to the 'tales of glory' I rested my head against Hank's crotch, feeling the rising hardness. My cheek was pressed against Hank's cock, my eyes though looking at Bob. His gaze followed my hand as he watched me reach down to slowly rest it between my legs. I was looking at him, moving my cheek against Hank's cock, and was licking my lips very slowly. He glanced up at Hank, saw that he was leaning back with his eyes half open, watching Bob.

Hank started telling Bob what he would do to please me. He told Bob how he would just let me slowly undress him, mentioning to him at the same time how he would run his fingers up my inner thighs. It was mentioned that that was the reason I was wearing the skirt tonight, that I never wore panties, I always wanted to be ready for Hank. Hank told Bob how one evening at a local restaurant we were in a darkened booth at the back and he had gone under the table and licked my pussy. Hank said that he suspected I was ready for them right now.

Bob looked at Hank in disbelief, saying well she never did that for me. Hank dared him with a look that said, "check". He looked at me so comfortable against Hank. He looked a bit embarrassed but as he read my acquiescence, he reached over and touched the hem of my skirt. I closed my eyes and felt his hand slowly edge its way upward. As he neared the apex, I felt him give a tentative touch with one finger. I opened my eyes and smiled. The look of surprise mingled with pleasure on his face. I slowly moved my legs apart and his fingers moved further up, feeling the wetness.

I felt Hank's hands touch my hair, fingers lacing through the strands and I knew Hank was ready. I placed my hand on Bob and told him to help me up. He stood up and pulled me to my feet, wrapping his arms around me, pressing his mouth to mine. I felt Hank's hands go up behind me and squeeze my ass cheeks. At that, I knew we just had to get to my bed. I could feel the passion between all three of us. Maybe me more than them because I was so turned on by having two wonderful men, both so willing to please me. I was in a position where most women would love to be, feeling desired, loved and so very sensuous. I arched back against Hank and allowed Bob to kiss my neck - what a powerful feeling to have one man hold me and another love my neck and chest. I could feel Bob sucking my nipples through my blouse and Hank's fingers caressing my ass.

I pushed away and as I moved to my room, I was taking my clothes off, letting them fall gracefully to the floor. I turned , totally naked, my hand on my breast and waited. Hank stood up next to Bob. Both of them taking their clothes off at the same time. I saw both men standing there, so opposite each other, one so fair and the other so dark . As I looked at them .their cocks already erect, I saw how different they both were yet wanting the same woman. One was shaved, the other not but both cocks were reddish and balls already tight. Seeing them like this made me want them even more - knowing that both men wanted to shower me with pleasure. This was a moment out of time - I felt like a queen with these two men.

They both moved over to me, one on each side. Both were caressing my back as we moved almost as one into my room. Bob stopped at the door but Hank moved over to the bed and made himself comfortable right away. I noticed Bob was looking at Hank's hard cock so I walked over to Bob. Taking him by the hand, I moved over to the bed. I got on the bed behind him and started to massage his shoulders trying to help him relax. My hands touched him in a loving caress. My mouth followed wherever my hands went. I felt Hank move behind me and felt his familiar cock press against me. There I was, pressed against Bob's back and Hank's front. What a great place it was to be!!

Hank pulled me backwards as Bob turned around. His hard cock pointing at my mouth, I reached up and licked the already forming precum from it. Hank sat near my pussy, one hand on my belly, the other tweaking my nipples. I felt Hank's finger slide through my lips as Bob's did too. Both of them were rubbing my pussy, one on either side of my clit, making it throb. Pressing my hips up to the hands giving me pleasure, I felt fingers enter me not just from one hand, but from two. As if in tacit agreement, both men entered me together - slipping in to make me feel so excited. The passion flowing in me from being loved by my two favorite men was simply soul stirring. I lay there, feeling my body arch as my clit started to explode, letting my juices flow out of me - like nectar.

Hank and Bob both felt me tremble from desire as both started to use their tongues on me. Both trying to get all the juices from me. I don't know if feeling each other doing that was erotic for them, but GOD it was ecstasy for me. As my trembling slowed, Hank entered my mouth as Bob entered my pussy. What a powerful feeling that was - to have both men in my body. I felt Bob start to throb in me at the same time Hank started to cum in my mouth. It was amazing to be fucked like that - both cumming at the same time , filling me.

I had them switch places - having Hank suck my pussy as Bob came to my mouth. I wanted them both to taste the others cum so Hank licked and sucked my pussy as Bob kissed me tasting each other mixed with my juices and scent. Hand and Bob brought me to orgasm again. I moaned so loudly that I startled myself and them also. We looked at each other and just simply laughed at the enjoyment we all had felt.

As we lay back on the bed, wrapped in a tangle of arms and legs, we fell asleep. When we woke up, we all hugged each other and pleasured each other again. As we showered together, we realized that being able to touch each other was a truly a beautiful feeling. 

As I slowly finished my wine, the plan was already formulating for our next little get together but with a little bit of a twist.

copyright heavensgate53(ljlaux 2003)