 When I woke up Saturday morning still pressed between the naked bodies of two hot young ladies, I couldn't help but let my hands wander over their smooth skin. It wasn't long before they were reacting to my caresses and returning them in kind. We were worked up pretty quickly, despite the late hours of our previous night's activities. Thinking back to what I'd witnessed the night before, I suggested that the girls get into a 69 with Katy on the bottom and I'd try to keep myself entertained while they enjoyed each other. I made sure that Katy's head wasn't right up against the headboard and that she had pillows under her ass, then grabbed a condom and rolled it on.

As Linda's head was lowered to lick Katy's pussy, I slipped into Katy's slit and pumped in and out for a while. When it got to where I felt I was close to cumming, I moved to the other end of the bed and slipped into Linda's dripping hole, feeling Katy's tongue briefly on my balls. I went back and forth just a couple of times before I could tell they were both on the verge of cumming, so I wanted to finish myself, as well. I was behind Linda when she came, thanks mainly to the skill of Katy's tongue. Katy began to lick my balls, but as her orgasm was quickly approaching, she just lay back and enjoyed it. I moved around to slip into her pussy to help her along and pumped hard as Linda licked her clit. I was almost in synch with Katy, but she came just a few seconds before I was ready. I continued to pump her, enjoying the feeling of the tremors through her pussy and, just as I was on the brink, I pulled out, slipped out of the condom and aimed my cock at Linda's mouth. She took me simultaneously in hand and mouth and milked me until I came, filling her maw with my juices.

We took just a few minutes to catch our breath before deciding, as long as we were up, to hit the beach. We pulled our swimsuits on and headed to the kitchen to fuel up first. Rob was already in the kitchen putting on a pot of coffee and smiled as he saw whom I came in with. We didn't bother asking, "How'd you sleep?" instead going with "How was your night?" We all answered "Excellent" though I didn't know whom his night had been shared with until Lisa walked in and I thought, "Nice job, Bud." We had some coffee and some fresh fruit, packed some goodies for the beach and left a note for the others as we headed out the door.

Within the next couple of hours, all 11 of us were together on the beach, every one of us in a great mood. Linda, Lisa, Carol and Katy were all looking hot in a variety of bikinis while Carolyn, Ellen and Amy sported one-piece suits that required more imagination. There were whisperings among the girls and outright consultations among the guys. Rob and I were, of course, the center of attention. We all expected Buck to end up with Ellen and Jim to end up with Carolyn, but where Rob and I had ended up was a mystery until we were all back together. We were all psyched about Rob hooking up with Lisa, but I think we were all very excited about how things had turned out for me. When speculation was raised about Amy and Carol, I filled them in on what I'd seen. We were all pretty perplexed that all seven girls were so on fire the previous night and weren't convinced that just one year away at college could have had the same effect on all of them. We assumed that there was more to it than currently met the eye, but we weren't going to complain.

Several hours on the beach, with the sand, salt water and sunscreen, can make you feel pretty grungy, so as I was sunning with Linda and Katy, I proposed that we try out the bathtub when we got back to the house. They were all for it and thought they could probably turn up some bubble bath as well. So once we'd all had enough beach for the day, we headed back to the house. We let everyone who had to first use the bathroom before Katy started filling the tub. I filled up three beers for us and set them on the floor as Katy and Linda entered, wrapped only in towels.

Katy dropped hers first and submerged herself into the suds, then directed me to get in next. I dropped my swimsuit and climbed in, leaning against Katy. Then, we both watched as Linda revealed her tanlines before joining us. Linda leaned back against me and my hands went right to her pert tits, cupping them and brushing over her hard nipples. I leaned back against Katy, feeling her tits squish against my back. We'd left the door open in case anyone had to use the bathroom, so we weren't surprised when Jim came in. He paused in the doorway and laughed at us, then went about his business. After washing his hands, he leaned over by the tub and handed each of us our beer, telling us it was a good thing he'd stopped by.

The hot water was very relaxing, but the more Linda rubbed against me, the more my tool grew. I slipped a hand back between Katy's legs and started playing with her pussy then adjusted myself so that I could reach around and play with Linda's, too. It was a little bit awkward, but I was able to simultaneously stimulate both of their clits. I had chugged my beer first, and the cup was floating somewhere under the suds, but the girls were just relaxing, drinking and getting diddled.

Buck came in and used the bathroom but I never even paused and I don't think he realized exactly what was going on under the water. I could hear Linda's breathing picking up and was sensing by this point that she was pretty successful at cumming quickly. I could hear Katy's soft moans in my ear, but could tell she was not as close as Linda was. I just kept up my ministrations on both until Linda let out a little gasp and a shudder passed through her. When I pulled my hand back, Linda moved forward and reached behind herself for my rigid rod. I moved forward a little bit myself to make it easier to work on Katy while Linda decided to turn around and face me.

Under the water, Linda was stroking my cock and fondling my balls as she leaned in to kiss me. Katy's breathing continued to pick up with an occasional soft moan as she got closer to orgasm. Linda broke off from kissing me and, to my surprise, ducked under the surface of the water. Lisa walked in the door just as I felt Linda's mouth wrapping around my cock. She paused halfway in and said, "I thought Linda was in here with you guys..." just as Linda's head popped back up from under the water. Lisa laughed, realizing right away what was going on. Noticing Lisa in the room, Linda said "Hi," continuing to stroke me, while Lisa went over toward the toilet. Meanwhile, I could feel Katy starting to really move her hips up against my working fingers. I'm not sure she was even aware Lisa was in the room, but I had a feeling she was extremely close to cumming.

From the perspective of the bathtub, when Jim and Buck had come in to pee, we could only see their backs. Lisa, however, was facing us as she dropped her shorts and panties to squat. With Linda back underwater and Katy, I assumed, with her eyes shut, I was the only one watching Lisa. She looked pretty fresh from the shower, which was a stall in a little cinderblock building outside, and dressed in clean clothes as she slid her shorts and panties down to reveal a trim, blonde bush. So I'm in a bathroom with three girls, naked in the tub with two of them, while one is underwater blowing me, I'm fingering the second and the third has just shown me her pussy. It was fucking surreal.

Linda surfaced again and stayed up this time, playing with my cock and trying to catch her breath. Lisa finished peeing, covered herself, washed her hands and left, telling us to "Have fun!" on her way out. Just seconds after she was out the door, Katy came, probably a lot louder then she'd planned to. She let out a loud moan of relief and I could feel her body hitching before she slumped against the end of the tub. With both hands now free, I brought both of them up to the sides of Linda's face and kissed her. She was still stroking my tool and, after a few minutes of kissing, she had me stand up in the tub.

Sitting up as Linda was trying to clear all of the suds off my cock, Katy took the beer she was still holding and started to pour it over my genitals to clean them. The two of them then went to work, alternating sucking my cock and licking my balls. Still being wet, it was cool as I stood there which served only to make the warmth of their mouths more intense. Rob appeared in the doorway at that point, stopping short and just pausing there to watch. The suds had gone down enough by then that he was able to see both Linda and Katy's tits as well as watch them taking turns blowing me. It wasn't long before Carolyn was standing there as well, and shortly after that, Carol and Amy joined them.

I didn't care that we had an audience; I was about ready to blow a load. In fact, I closed my eyes and just enjoyed the feeling of each mouth and the petite hands as they worked me up, higher and higher. Finally, Linda wrapped her lips around me and slid me deep into her warm mouth. As she was starting her second pass down my shaft, I erupted into her mouth. She let out a startled cry, slurped down my juices then passed me off to Katy. Katy sucked me a few times and passed me back to Linda, who nursed me until I was limp. Our spectators applauded and I sat back in the tub.

Everybody cleared out except Rob, who peed while I made out with Linda and Katy. After he left, we decided it was time to get out of the tub, so I exited first, drying myself as I did. Next, I had Linda step out and took my time drying her completely. Finally, I had Katy get out and lovingly dried her as well. We drained the tub and, the two of them wrapped in towels and me still naked, headed back to "our" room to get dressed.

We got dressed, grabbed fresh beers, talked about what to have for dinner and waited while some of the others took their turns in the showers. After a while, Katy, Linda and I were in the living room talking to Carol and Amy when Katy asked whether they had gotten any sleep the previous night. Amy reddened, but Carol said unflinchingly that they'd managed to squeeze in a few hours. Katy continued that I had passed by and witnesses some pretty hot-and-heavy activity only to return to find her and Linda similarly involved. Amy and Carol's faces both registered their surprise, relief and delight at Katy's revelation. We talked briefly about what we had done, how each of us had been involved and how far it had gotten before Carol looked at Linda and said, "Linda, I'm dying to eat your pussy. May I?"

"Absolutely!" Linda answered, as she stood and began to loosen her shorts. My cock was already stiffening in my own shorts when Katy volunteered to go down on Amy. Of course I did the only thing I could do in a situation like this: I got myself right in the middle of it. I sat down dead-center in the middle of the couch with Amy on one side and Linda on the other, both naked from the waist down and legs spread wide. I started out just watching Carol's tongue and fingers working on Linda and Katy's working on Amy, but was soon making out with both of them and playing with their tits as they massaged the lump in my shorts.

Not surprisingly, Linda and Amy were soon making enough noise to attract attention and the room quickly filled with incredulous onlookers. They all just stood there, silently groping each other, until both Amy and Linda had cum. Katy turned, wiping her mouth, and, seeing everyone standing around, said, "If the rest of you girls want some of this, come on!"

That got them moving, but they didn't really have a cohesive plan of action. I had a brainstorm like a bolt out of the blue and laid out my idea to everyone. Lisa, Carolyn and Ellen, who hadn't tried any bi activity as of yet, would strip off their shorts and sit on the couch. Linda would go down on Lisa, Carol on Carolyn and Amy on Ellen. Meanwhile, the guys would get behind the girls who would be eating their partner. That put Jim with Carol, Rob with Linda and Buck with Amy. Katy and I were the odd ones out, so I'd be fucking her on the chair, watching everyone else going at it. We needed a timer, though, so after a while everyone could swap. Katy ran to the kitchen and grabbed the one Lisa had brought to discourage anyone from taking too long in the bathroom. It was great because it was digital and had buttons for 1 minute, 5 minutes and 10 minutes.

The plan was to hit the 5 minute button, have everybody go to it and when the timer went off a switch would occur. Katy took off again and grabbed a box of condoms, handing one to each of us guys. We dropped trou and rolled them on as the girls still wearing shorts stripped them off. Katy came back over to me and settled herself down on my cock, facing toward everyone else. I asked if everyone was ready and, when they acknowledged that they were, I hit the button. Three faces lowered into three laps and three rigid cocks slipped into three well-lubed pussies while Katy started to ride me. I grabbed her tits and looked around her to enjoy the festivities.

The scene was beyond description and beyond anything I could have imagined witnessing. My three buddies nailing three girls who were eating three other girls while I looked on with another girl riding my cock. It would have been too much even without the switch, but when the timer went off after five minutes, no one complained. They all turned to me and I directed them to where they should move. The girls sitting stayed put, as did the guys. Katy took Linda's spot with Lisa, Linda and Carol each moved over and Amy came to me. Once Amy had nestled my cock deeply into her pussy, I started the timer again. Five minutes later, we switched again.

After twenty minutes, we were about to switch back to our starting positions, so I shook things up again. I had everyone go back to the previous partnerings, had Buck and Linda take over the chair and had the other girls swap places so the eaters became the eaten. I got behind Lisa, who would be eating Carol, while Rob was fucking Carolyn who was eating Amy and Jim was fucking Katy who was eating Ellen. Buck took over the timer and we went to it. This time, when 5 minutes were up, the girls on their knees stayed put while both the guys and the girls on the couch moved down the line. So I stayed with Carol, fucking the girl eating her, until we got to the end of the line, moved up onto the chair and I fucked her. That's where we were when the second 20 minutes expired.

I asked if all the girls had cum, and they all had at least once. The only ones who still hadn't cum were the four guys, so the girls said they'd take care of us. This time the guys all took a seat and the girls rotated. I started out with Carol and Carolyn, Jim had Linda and Lisa, Rob had Amy and Ellen and Buck got the chair and with Katy. I made sure I lasted long enough to get a little from Carolyn, Lisa and Amy but I saved my orgasm for Ellen. For some reason, I just really wanted to cum in her mouth. So, while she and Amy were working on me, I just let myself go and allowed my orgasm to begin bubbling to the surface. It didn't take much given the stimulation I'd been experiencing over the last hour, so I just made sure that when it was time, it was Ellen who had her lips wrapped around me. I think it was pretty clear that I was ready to cum and Ellen was a real trooper, putting the extra effort into bringing me off. What a payday it was, too, as Ellen's lips and tongue were working on my shaft and I blasted a long overdue load of cum deep into her mouth. She continued to work on me until I was spent, then let me drop limp from her mouth. I thanked her and told her how amazing she was.

I looked around and everyone was pretty much naked and things had evolved into a sexual free-for-all. Those that were still active were essentially engaging in an orgy on the living room floor. I got up and grabbed a fresh beer, standing off to the side and watching as I drank it. It wasn't very long before I was feeling ready to go again, so when I saw that Lisa's pussy was currently unattended as she sucked off Buck, I set down my beer, slipped on a condom and knelt down behind her. I guided myself into her and took her by the hips, fucking her slowly. Things went on like this for the next hour or so – people joining in, people taking a break. Finally it got to the point where we were all starting to get hungry and talk turned more to food than sex. 

We managed to pull together a decent dinner and some of us even got dressed and spent some time out on the porch. Everybody was pretty much exhausted, so we took it easy that night, though we continued to work on the keg. We were all in bed pretty early, back with our respective partners, though I think things were much quieter that night.