 I hadn't been working at the office too long when Helen joined. The first I saw of her was when she came out of the elevator and walked right passed my desk to get to hers. She looked amazing, about 5ft 8 tall, a perfect body, shoulder length blonde hair, and two of the most full, firm and above all suckable tits I had ever seen. I just watched in disbelief as she walked past. She looked so amazing I thought I must be dreaming. After that I just watched her across the office at any chance I got. After about a week I was at the coffee machine and she came up to get a drink. She said Hi and introduced herself. I said Hi, and told her I was called Max. She smiled and said that it was nice to put a name to such a nice face. I stammered some kind of thank you, embarrassed by such an obvious compliment. She obviously noticed that I was embarrassed because she put her hand on my arm and told me not to be embarrassed. She asked me if I would like to come round to her flat for a drink after work as she didn't really know anyone in town. I eagerly accepted and arranged to be there for seven. 

At seven o clock precisely I was knocking on her door. To my surprise it was opened by a guy. At first I thought I had the wrong address and apologised but he said, no we are expecting you Max. He invited me to come in, and as I hesitantly stepped in I saw Helen coming out of the bedroom. She was dressed in a short skirt and a halter neck top that only just covered the area around her nipples. There was no question of her having a bra on and my cock started to harden at the sight of her. She smiled and said that she saw I had met Roger. I turned back to the guy who had let me in. He was stood watching me and had obviously seen the effect Helen had had on me. He shook my hand and then turning to Helen said that he would go to his room and give us some privacy. 

Helen poured me a drink and led me to the sofa. She sat down close to me and putting the tv on snuggled right in and asked how my day had gone since we had talked. After a bit of small talk and watching a bit of the film she had put on I felt her hand move up my thigh as she turned to me and started to kiss me. I returned the kiss and it got deeper and deeper until we were locked in a passionate embrace. She pushed me so that I lay on my back on the sofa and kissing me undid my trousers. As she rubbed my cock through my boxers I slipped her top off and started to play with her breasts. After she had got my cock as hard as it got she went back to kissing me, encouraging me to play with her breasts. The feeling of her sitting on my cock was wonderful, especially when she started to grind against me. My hands wondered down to her arse and started to feel her full cheeks. When she realised that I had stopped giving her breasts attention she pulled out of the kiss and moving up me she pushed one her breasts into my face. I opened my mouth and took her nipple in it, alternatively nibbling and sucking. This caused her to moan with pleasure and she grabbed the back of my head pushing her chest harder against my face. As I sucked on her gorgeous breasts my hands were playing with her arse pulling her down against my cock. 

I was so turned on and was desperate to shove my cock into her warm pussy. Sensing my frustration she suggested we go into the bedroom. She led me in and then stripped off my remaining clothes before dropping her skirt and panties to the floor. She looked so lovely standing there completely naked, I took a step towards her meaning to push her onto the bed and mount her. But she stopped me and picking up some pieces of silk from the bed side cabinet told me to lay on the bed. I had never been tied during sex before but the thought of Helen straddling me filled my head as I lay on my back. She tied my hands and feet to the four corners and turned off the light. 

She climbed on top of me and pushed her tits in my face again, while resting her pussy gently on the tip of my cock. As I eagerly sucked on her nipples I could feel her pussy on my cock and the faint touch was driving me wild. After a while of this she climbed higher on the bed and ground her pussy on my mouth. I eagerly lapped it and then pushed my tongue right inside. She tasted wonderful and I was in heaven as I ate her out. Before long she was moaning and gripping the back of my head as she pushed harder against me, grinding her pussy against my tongue. I nibbled gently on her clit and she started bucking as she came. I eagerly swallowed her juices as they poured onto my face. 

I was so caught up in her orgasm that I didn't notice at first when I felt something on my cock. But after a couple of seconds I realised it was a hand stroking up and down my severely frustrated cock. When I realised what it was I assumed that she was reaching behind her to stroke me so I just resumed my assault on her pussy and revelled I the attention. After not long at all I felt my balls tighten and knew I was getting close to cumming, but just then I realised that Helen had two hands gripping the back of my head To my terror I realised it must be Roger who was stroking me off. I jerked up in terror trying to shout out but the restraints stopped me getting up and Helens pussy, which was pushed tightly against my mouth as she bucked to another orgasm, prevented me from making a sound. To my horror I felt the hand being replaced by a mouth as Roger slid his mouth down my mouth and started to deep throat me. I thrashed about trying to get up, but they both carried on seemingly oblivious and then I suddenly realised I was going to come. I sank back against the bed, exhausted from my struggles and felt my juices explode down his throat. After a couple of seconds as I started to relax I realised it actually felt really good, especially when he started to lick my cock clean of my spunk. I was really confused by this. 

Just then Helen came yet again and climbed off me and grabbing my head gave me another sloppy kiss. The combination of my post orgasmic rush and the feeling of being kissed by this gorgeous woman made me feel so good that I stopped worrying about the fact that I had just been given a blow job by a man. Helen pulled away from me and whispered in my ear that she hoped that I didn't mind Roger joining in. I replied that it was alright as I thought that now that it was over I might as well pretend that I didn't mind otherwise she might decide that I should go and I didn't want to leave yet, after all I still hadn't sunk my cock into that heavenly pussy I had spent the last ten minutes sucking. She said that she was pleased that I didn't mind as it got her so hot to see a man giving another man a blowjob. Then to my shock she asked if I would give Roger a blowjob. I said no way I wasn't gay. But she started to stroke my cock and say wouldn't I give it a go for her. I said no not even for her, but I wasn't quite so definite this time as I saw the chance to fuck her slipping away. She tried again saying, not even if I fuck you at the same time? As she said this she dropped her mouth onto my cock and gave it a quick suck. It felt amazing and had the effect of getting my cock fully hard again. I was in a dilemma; on one hand I was desperate to have her fuck me but on the other hand she was asking me to do something I was repulsed by the idea of! 

As I tried to make up my mind she straddled me and while kissing me she sank her pussy right onto me. It was amazing, I felt a huge desire to fuck her and started to buck my hips, driving my cock deeper into her. She groaned and pulled her mouth off mine. She looked at me and said did I really want to pass up on the chance to fuck her just because she wanted me to give her friend some pleasure, a pleasure he had already given me. The feeling of her on me was too much and I moaned ok. Roger stepped up to my head from where he had been standing in the darkness, and taking my head in his hands pressed his cock against my mouth. I reluctantly parted my lips so that he could slide in. There was already some precum on the end of his cock and it smeared over my lips as he pushed deeper into my mouth until he was right in and my mouth was stretched around him. I could taste the salty taste on my lips and also at the back of my throat. To my surprise it wasn't unpleasant. As the feeling of Helen riding my cock brought me closer to cumming I started to get really turned on which in turn led me to relax about having a cock in my mouth, and as he started fucking my mouth I started to enjoy the feeling of his roughness pushing against my tongue and cheeks. Soon I started to cum, and as I bucked my load deep into Helens welcoming pussy Roger grabbed me even harder and pumped his juices down my throat. I had no choice but to swallow them all. 

When he had finished he pulled out but still held my head and before I knew what he was doing he had leant down and deep kissed me. The feeling of his rough tongue exploring my mouth was strange but immensely erotic. All of a sudden I stopped feeling repulsed by all the things he had done to me and started to kiss him back. When he realised that I was actually enjoying it he released the pressure on my head and started to rub his hands down my body and to play with my nipples and to feel the base of my cock as it went into Helens pussy. 

The eroticness of these new feelings had brought my cock back to life in record time and Helen hadn't stopped riding it. But as Roger started to feel my cock she climbed of and laying between my legs she started to lick first my cock and then further down until she was penetrating my arsehole with her tongue. Roger meanwhile was stroking his hand up and down my cock. It felt wonderful being kissed and fondled by a man as a beautiful woman tongued my arse. The more she tongued me the more relaxed I got so when she stuck a finger right inside me I hardly noticed. She did this for a while and then she got up and took off all the restraints. I hardly noticed what she was doing because Roger had moved down and was giving me head again. But when she had released me he got up and roughly rolled me over. 

It took me a couple of seconds to realise what they had in mind but when I felt the end of his cock pushing its way into my arse I didn't resist at all. I was just revelling I all the new feelings. As I felt the slight pain of him penetrating me Helen climbed onto the bed near my head and pushed her pussy down so I could lick it again. I buried my head in her gorgeous pussy as Roger fucked my arse rougher and harder until he came, forcing his juices deep into my arse. As he was coming Helen came as well, gripping my head with her thighs and shuddering to a climax. As I lapped her up I felt Roger reach round and jerk me off. 

After this we spent the whole night fucking and when I left in the morning I knew that I had had a whole new world opened up to me!