 Please bear with me because my wife is sat by my side as I write this.

This is the story of what happened to me and my wife when we attended a friends "sexy party".

We have known Gerald and Sue for many years and have known of their sex parties and reputation for years but have never been to one (even though they have asked us many times).

I am 29 and my wife 30 we have been married for 6 years and have always fantasied in the bedroom of Helen being fucked by more than 1 man. This really gets both of us turned on and we have the most amazing sex afterwards.

Helen is very attractive with a stunning figure lovely long legs with a wonderful set of firm tits(very sensitive nipples) but up until now we have never done anything about it.

Gerald had told me that he was arranging a much smaller and milder sex party for a week Saturday. When I mentioned this to Helen she was a little curious. We could always go and have a look I said, she blushed and smiled at the same time. That night we fantasied about us attending the party and we both came really heavy.

The next day I asked Helen again this time she responded by saying ok if you want well go but if we don't feel comfortable we will come home straight away OK? I agreed and told Gerald that afternoon that we would be attending. His face lit up (I knew the dirty old sod had fantasied over my wife since we first met them)

When Saturday came I was really excited and nervous Helen seemed to be the same. We had a bath together and spoke about it, we agreed that we would allow touching kissing and feeling but no penetration.

I watched Helen getting dressed, she put stockings, a pair of black lacey knickers and matching lace bra, a short black skirt, a tight red silk blouse and black high heels. She put her hair up and added her red lipstick and perfume. It was as much as I could do to stop myself fucking her there and then.

Gerald house is within walking distance to ours so we strolled down having some Dutch courage on the way and were met by Sue at the door. As we walked in there were only about 8 people there including us.

Helen and Sue were the only females there, and the others were Gerald myself, and four other men with varying ages the oldest being Dave 40ish down to Dan who was only 19( I think it was Geralds nephew)

Anyway we had a few drinks and all chatted for a while and then Gerald suggested we play a few games to get the party started. We had to take it in turns to roll 2 dice one decided the person and the other decided the time.

Gerald said that because 2 women had not turned up would Sue and Helen mind taking their place. They both felt ok about it 

So it was a case of one of the men taking either Sue or Helen into the other room for as long as the dice decided. As the game began my heart was beating really fast,

First up was Mike with Sue 2 minutes (as we waited we drank and chatted) next Mike again this time with Helen one minute I heard giggling and laughing and wasn't worried at all.

Next Gerald and Helen 4 minutes this seemed much longer and when Helen came back in she was adjusting her blouse.

My mind raced then it was my turn with Sue 2 minutes I started kissing her she responded really passionately and grabbed my dick through my trousers, actually taking it out before we were called back in.

Then Dave with Helen 6 minutes wow this was a long one what was going on? We could hear muffled sounds but didn't know what was happening when Helen came back in her lipstick was all smudged and I noticed her blouse buttons were undone.

She smiled at me and asked me was I ok I said fine and the game continued but with double the time and added another person to the dice so 2 men would go with each women,

I thought my heart was going to explode when Gerald and Mike were called with Helen for 12 minutes.

When they returned she looked really flushed and red in the face. I was called with Sue and Dave for 10 minutes during which she sucked me off and Dave fingered her to a noisy climax. then Gerald said that because 2 men were being left out we should have 3 men with each women, Helen and Sue agreed and Helen was called with Dan Dave and Gerald (I'm sure they fixed it) leaving me Mike and Gary with Sue.

They went upstairs leaving us down stairs.

My story.

Sue told all of us to get our hard cocks out she wanted to taste them all. Straight away Gary pulled her skirt off and told her he was going be first to fuck her, too late she laughed Dave done me earlier! I was stunned Dave was upstairs with Helen. Fuck he certainly filled you up Gary said as he slide his cock up Sues cunt. Yes he's a right old dirty bastard Sue said and I bet Helen is loving it he made her cum earlier she said

I didn't believe what I was hearing and as soon as Gary finished fucking Sue I replaced him fucking Sue hard as she asked me did I know Dave had made my wife cum in the other room earlier. She loved it Sue said because he's the best fuck here tonight.

I moaned loudly as I filled Sue's cunt with cum and then watched as Mike fucked her arse and Gary fucked her sloppy cunt again at the same time.

Helen's story.

We went up to the master bedroom and I felt Gerald tugging at my skirt Dave started kissing me and I think it was Dans hands squeezing my tits roughly before I knew it my skirt was on the floor and my blouse and bra were taken off me, I was left in just my heels stockings no bra and my lace knickers. In my mind I felt as long as my knickers were still on I wouldn't get penetrated. I started to suck on Geralds cock and watched as Dave and Dan stripped off. 

Dave had the biggest and thickest cock of the three and I swapped to suck on his for a short while. Then started sucking Dans no sooner had I started sucking Dan than he came shooting thick hot spunk partly down my throat and over my face.

My cunt was aching like never before for some attention and I soon felt Gerald pulling my knickers to one side and pushing a finger up inside me oh that felt good Dave had already fingered me downstairs and brought me off very quickly this time Gerald was rougher and pushed two more inside me telling the other two how wet I was .I was still sucking Dave when Gerald removed his fingers and told Dave he wanted to fuck me first,

I remembered what me and my husband had agreed and meekly told them no penetration but I was so horny that I knew that I was going to be gangbanged and was really lokking forward to it. Then I felt Geralds cock against my wet slit and felt it slip inside me so easy I pushed back against him and cum almost straight away on his cock. He was really rough with me and called me a dirty slut who was loving it and shot his spunk over my back.

Dave told me he wanted to cum and pulled his cock out of my mouth and told Gerald to move he then proceeded to push his very large thick cock inside me and even though my cunt was soaking he still stretched me big time!

I came again on Dave cock and then felt him twitch and panicked as I felt him unload inside me really filling me with his cum.

After that it was left to Dan who was now hard again and he fucked me in the missionary position for what seemed like ages until I felt that warm feeling hit my insides again two of the men had cum inside me and all of them had fucked me,

I felt like a cheap tart when we returned home but felt really turned on and my husband is willing to do it again.

We always fantasise about that night.