 I suspected that my daughter and her boy friend were having sex in my house when I was gone. I decided to spy on Cliff and my daughter one day, so I told Karen I would be out all day. I parked the car down the street and waited, sure enough Cliff showed up minutes after I left the house. Karen greeted him at the door and hurried him inside. I waited about 30 minutes before I walked back to the house and I could feel my pussy getting wet in anticipation of what I might witness. I sneaked in the back of the house and quietly made my way upstairs to Karen's room. Her door was partially open and I could see them both on the bed in the mirror on her wall.

They were both naked on the bed and Karen was deep throating Cliff's impressive cock. It wasn't long before he came in her mouth and she swallowed all of his cum that she could. She scooped up the cum around his cock and her face and licked her fingers clean. She then returned to sucking his cock until he was hard again. Then she lay on her back taking his big dick in her cunt. He pounded her pussy and brought her to multiple orgasms until he came again this time filling her pussy with a barrage of dick juice.

I was not prepared for the next move, when Karen flipped over on all fours and waved her shapely ass at Cliff. Cliff retrieved the lotion from Karen's night table and proceeded to lubricate her asshole. He fingered her ass and pussy at the same time, sawing his fingers in and out of Karen. His cock was erect again and he covered it with a generous amount of lotion. He then slowly eased his big dick into my daughter's beautiful upturned ass. He fucked her slow at first and then gradually picked up the pace. Karen pleaded with him to fuck her ass and to fill it with cum. I could not believe what I was seeing and hearing, much less from my own daughter.

My own hand had slipped inside my panties and I was frigging my pussy toward my own orgasm. I had gotten lost in my own sexual satisfaction when I looked back in Karen's room and saw Cliff looking right into her mirror. I was sure that he could see me as well as I saw him. Our eyes locked on each other's in the mirror and he seemed to enjoy the voyeurism. He then announced he was cumming almost for my benefit, as he flooded Karen's ass with another generous amount of man seed. He told Karen to clean him up as he popped his cock out of her asshole. My slutty daughter spun around and took his cock in her mouth. I watched her sucked him completely dry. I was mortified. I quickly retreated downstairs and back to my car. I couldn't believe the display of raw sex that I had just witnessed and how much my daughter loved it

Karen was off to cheerleading camp for a few weeks when one day Cliff showed up at our house. I answered the door and explained to him that Karen was gone to camp. 

"I know that," he said, "I came over to talk with you."

I let him in and offered him a cup of coffee, which he politely accepted. Sitting at the kitchen table, he asked me if I had enjoyed watching him and Karen having sex. 

I was lost for words but he smiled and said, "I know you enjoyed it because I could see you finger fucking yourself."

I was appalled at his directness and language. "I think it would best if you left now," I told him as I gathered up the empty coffee cups and brought them over to the sink. I was rinsing the cups and I heard him get up from his chair. However, he didn't leave and I felt his presence behind me and I trembled. Why was I so insecure with this 18 year-old boy, after all I was old enough to be his mother? 

He put his arms around my waist, pulled me back toward him and nuzzled my neck. He kissed me lightly around my ears, and then stuck his tongue in my ear and I shivered with excitement. I knew I should stop this but I couldn't. He moved his hands up to my breasts and began to massage them through my summer dress. 

"You have very nice tits, Helen," he told me. 

It was the first time he ever called me by my first name. He moved his hips forward and I could feel his enormous cock pressing into my bottom through the dress.

He dropped to his knees behind me, lifted my dress up and eased my panties down and off of my legs. He trailed kisses up and down each leg and on my ass cheeks. I was trembling with desire. He turned me around toward him and began to tongue my sopping wet pussy. I came immediately when his tongue touched my clit but he grabbed me by both ass cheeks, held my cunt to his mouth and ate me to another orgasm. The second time I came violently humping his face and covering it with my pussy juice. I had trouble standing so he eased me to the kitchen floor and took off the rest of my clothing.

I lay there waiting in anticipation of what was to happen next when I heard him say, "Let's take this up to your bedroom."

He helped to me to my feet, gathered up my clothes and led me upstairs to my own bedroom. I had never had sex until today with anyone but my former husband, especially in our bedroom.

I lay back on the bed while he confidently undressed in front of me. His impressive erection jumped out as he removed his underwear and I felt a little intimidated by the size of his hard cock. I could tell he was proud of his manhood as he openly displayed himself in front of me. He moved up on the bed between my legs and eased his huge cock into my cunt. I had never felt so full in all my life. He fucked me slowly and then gradually picked up the pace as I adjusted to his size. Soon he was pounding my pussy and bringing me off to multiple orgasms. I had never come so many times in my life.

My last orgasm was violent as I humped my pussy against him pleading with him to fuck me and hold me. He held me tight as he filled my cunt with so much cum that it rushed out of me as fast as it rushed in. I had never been so thoroughly fucked and so full of cum. Cliff eased his softening cock out of my pussy and moved up the bed to kneel by my face. I couldn't believe the nerve of him expecting me to suck his cock. I also couldn't believe my response, which was to take his cock in my mouth to suck him clean. I tasted my own juices mingled with his cum. 

I felt him getting hard again in my mouth and he massaged my tits rolling my hard nipples in his fingers as I sucked him. His cock was getting to big for my mouth, my jaw was getting tired because of my mouth being stretched so wide but I tried to keep as much in my mouth as possible. I reached under his cock and found his cum filled balls and as I caressed his big balls I was startled by his first jolt of cum hitting the back of my throat. I swallowed as fast as I could but I had to spit his cock out to keep from choking. He shot his spunk all over my face, hair, tits and thighs. It was like watching an out of control fire hose spewing liquid all over. 

I took his cock back in my mouth and sucked him clean as he massaged the cum into my face and tits. I could feel him hardening again and thought, "Is there no end to this?" 

He removed his erect cock from my mouth and said, "It is time for a massage." 

I rolled over on my stomach as he went to get my lotion from the bathroom. When he returned he sat on the back of my legs and I could feel his thick meat resting on my buttocks. He began a slow soothing massage starting at my shoulders and working his way down my back. His strong hands mesmerized me. Then he massaged my legs working my calves first and gradually ascending to the back of my legs. I tensed as he started to massage my ass cheeks.

Cliff put a generous amount of lotion on my ass and lovingly kneaded my cheeks. He complimented me on my beautiful ass and told me that Karen takes after me because she too has a beautiful ass. He slipped his hand between my ass cheeks and brushed my pussy. He sensed I was getting turned on again and he lifted me up by my hips so he could get to my pussy. He poured more lotion between the cheeks of my ass and began to probe my asshole with his fingers. Soon he had two fingers sawing easily in and out of my asshole and two others in my cunt, just as I had witnessed him do to Karen. Surely he didn't have the nerve to try and fuck me in the ass. I had never been fucked in the ass and I certainly wasn't going to let this 18 year old do it.

He moved my hips into position so that he could fuck my pussy from behind and he entered my cunt with that big dick, keeping the two fingers in my asshole. Actually the double penetration felt good and I started to rotate my ass in circles. He continued to fuck me doggy style and finger my ass, then with his free hand he began to diddle my clit. I could feel my orgasm building and then I started to hump my ass uncontrollably. My orgasm was violent and audible as I pushed my cunt back toward his cock and yelled for him to fuck me. I came all over his fingers as I asked him to fuck me forever, I didn't want it to ever end. 

As I slowly came back to reality I realized that my ass was very full. Apparently during my intense orgasm Cliff had moved his cock from my cunt to my asshole and allowed me to impale myself on it while I was humping out of control. He had not fully penetrated my ass as I could tell because he was fucking it slowly and gradually feeding more of it to me. 

For what seemed like an eternity Cliff fucked my ass and I could feel it being stretched with each thrust. I became accustomed to his girth and adjusted to the full length of his 9" cock in my ass. He caressed my ass as he fucked it thoroughly and I had never felt so full in my life. I was impaled on his huge cock as I relaxed and placed my head down on the mattress. This position emphasized my shapely ass and Cliff told me how good I looked in this position with his cock sliding in and out of my asshole.  

"You really have a beautiful ass Helen and I can see where Karen gets hers from." I love fucking both of you in the ass," he said. 

"I am going to fill up your asshole with my cum and then you are going to suck my cock dry and clean me up just as you watched Karen do it," he confidently announced. 

I could feel his cock getting larger in my asshole as he approached his orgasm. His cock swelled and he fired barrage upon barrage of cum into my ass. I could feel my ass flooding with my first cum enema and it leaked out of my ass running down the inside of my thighs and over my cunt lips. Cliff removed his cock from my ass with an audible pop and I felt a rush of cool air enter my gaping asshole. 

"Turn around Helen and pay homage to the cock that just ravaged your ass," he ordered. 

As if in a trance I obeyed, taking his cocking my mouth and cleansing him thoroughly. I could taste the mixture of his cum and the juices from my pussy and ass. Cliff and I showered together; he got hard again and decided that he had to have my ass one more time. So he soaped up his cock and my asshole and plowed me one more time. Afterward we got dressed and Cliff left. I checked the time and we had been fucking for over five hours. I felt that I had reached total debauchery. 

I had asked Cliff to help me with my tennis game so we started playing at the Tennis Club in the mornings. After tennis it was back to my house to shower and fuck. We often fucked in the shower and he loved fucking me in the ass using shower gel as a lubricant. After I rinsed off he would cover my body with the shower gel probing my cunt and asshole hole with his fingers. Then he would turn me toward the shower wall, have me lean forward slightly arching my back and accentuating my ass, and he would slide his rock hard cock in my ass. He fucked my ass slowly and fingered my pussy rubbing my clit. I would have multiple orgasms before he came in my ass. 

After the shower ass fucking session we would clean up again and dry off. Then he and I would fuck on my bed like rabbits. I came so much and so hard that I had to take a nap before we had lunch.

One morning on our way home from the tennis club, Cliff had me remove my tennis panties so that he could finger my pussy on the drive home. He would reach under my tennis skirt and diddle my clit until my pussy was sopping wet, then he would slide three fingers into my pussy and I would violently hump his hand until I came. Once we arrived at the house I was so hot that I couldn't wait for him to fuck me.

On this particular morning as we were driving home from the club, he was fingering my pussy as usual when he spotted Jay and Ken walking home from the club. They were in tennis attire and had obviously just finished playing. He stopped the car and yelled at them asking them if they needed a ride.

"What are you doing? Are you crazy, I don't have any panties on and the car smells like sex," I ranted nervously. 

"Relax everything will be okay I am just going to give them a ride," he laughed.

I was embarrassed and tried to keep my tennis skirt pulled down tight as the guys approached the car. 

"Hey Cliff, oh hi Mrs. Lloyd," they greeted us.

My car was a 2-door and I had to get out of the car to let the guys in back. 

"Helen why don't you sit in the back with Jay and Ken," he suggested.

"I will do no such thing," I snapped.

"Yes you will or I will let you walk home," he said surprising both Jay and Ken with his firmness. 

I knew he meant it and the thought of being in public without panties on convinced me to get in the back. 

"Sit between Jay and Ken," he told me.

I had to climb over Ken to sit between them and though I tried to keep my skirt pulled down the guys spotted that I was not wearing panties. I settled in between them and kept both hands on my tennis skirt pulling it down. I was so embarrassed that I was as red as a beet. Cliff started driving to my house.

"Hey guys did you notice that Helen is not wearing any panties," he chided? 

Ken and Jay looked at each other and they now were as red in the face as I was. Cliff looked in the rear view mirror and they nodded affirmative to him. 

"I was playing with her pussy when we spotted you guys, why don't you guys pick up where I left off," he suggested. "Go ahead she loves to have a clit diddled and her pussy fingered." 

Helen screamed, "Cliff stop it and don't you dare touch me!" 

The guys were hesitant but with more encouragement from Cliff they tried to reach under my skirt. I tried to fight them off but the more the three of us struggled, the more excited and more determined Jay and Ken became. Finally they succeeded in getting to my pussy and I resolved to let myself be fondled. Jay and Ken also started rubbing my tits through her tennis dress and I got even more turned on. Soon they had me panting as the guys played with my cunt, clit and tits. Both of the guys were now sporting boners in their tennis shorts. 

"Hey guys take your dicks out and let Helen have some fun too", Cliff said. 

I was too far gone to protest and the guys couldn't get their cocks out fast enough. Jay and Ken moved my hands to their rock hard erections and continued to play with my pussy. 

"Helen show the guys what a great cocksucker you are," Cliff directed. 

I leaned over and took Ken's 7 incher in my mouth first and he came immediately filling my mouth with a huge load. I sucked him dry and then I turned to Jay and took his 8 incher in my mouth and the result was the same. Jay came quickly and filled my mouth with a generous load and I sucked him dry. The guys were so horny that they stayed hard in spite of shooting so quickly.

"We are here," Cliff said as the car pulled into Helen's driveway and garage. "Come on in guys and we will all fuck Helen's brains out," Cliff directed. 

Jay and Ken were grabbing my ass as I climbed over them to get out of the car. Once in the house they followed Cliff to my bedroom. Jay and Ken kept fondling my curvy ass as they walked behind me and up the stairs to the bedroom.

Once in the bedroom everyone stripped off his or her clothes and I lay naked on the bed. Cliff directed the action and Jay and Ken began sucking on my tits as Cliff ate my pussy. Each time I had an orgasm the guys rotated until each one had sucked on my cunt. They kept me in a constant state of arousal. 

Jay fucked me first and then Ken fucked my pussy. Cliff then fucked me as well. Ken and Jay watched as Cliff's 9" cock plowed my cunt and had me writhing in ecstasy. After the three of them came in my cunt, Cliff rolled me over and pulled my ass up into a fucking position. Cliff then used the gel to lubricate my asshole. Jay and Ken looked on almost in disbelief as Cliff prepared me for an ass fucking session.

Cliff looked at Ken and asked him, "Are you ready to fuck this beautiful ass, don't worry she loves it in the ass?" 

Ken got behind me and eased his hard cock into my ass. He fucked me slowly at first and then picked up the pace. He was so turned on that he fired another large load of cum this time into my asshole. I used my anal muscles to squeeze Ken's cock draining it of his cum. 

Jay was mesmerized watching Ken fuck my ass as the cock slid in and out of my very curvy bubble butt. Jay wasted no time when it was his turn getting behind me and shoving his cock into the hilt. Jay fucked me rapidly and he too then deposited an ample amount of cum into my asshole.

Jay and Ken then watched in awe as Cliff slid his thick meat into my ass and they couldn't believe that I could take it all. Not only did I take it all but I began pleading with Cliff to fuck my ass good and fill it with cum. 

"Oh my I love this, fuck my ass, fill it up with your cum. I want to feel your cum shooting in me," she went on. 

Cliff fucked me in a steady rhythm. He took longer than Jay and Ken did but when he finally came and there was so much jizm from the three loads that it started to back out of my asshole and run down my legs and pussy lips. Cliff allowed his dick to soften inside of me and then slid it out making an audible popping sound.

I was cooing with my butt still in the air. Jay and Ken were rock hard again and anxious to fuck me some more. Cliff had Jay lay on his back and had me straddle him. I lowered my pussy down and enveloped Jay's cock in my cunt. Cliff had Ken get behind me and slide his cock into my asshole. The two of them began to fuck me together and I was having an intense orgasm and juicing Jay's dick. Cliff knelt in front of me and presented her with his cock, which I immediately took in my mouth. 

"Helen you now have 2 feet of cock in you at the same time," Cliff announced. "How do like it?" 

I just moaned softly the sounds muffled by Cliff's cock. 

The three of them continued fucking all three holes until they had cum in each of my orifices again.

The triple teaming continued until each of the guys had cum in each hole. Jay and Ken could not believe how many times they were able to cum. They had never been so turned on in their young lives and they lay exhausted on the bed. 

I heard myself softly murmuring, "Thank you, thank you, thank you." I was in a sexual trance as I fingered my pussy and asshole and then sucked cum soaked fingers clean with my mouth.

Cliff and the guys got dressed and Cliff drove them home. Cliff drove back to my house where we took a Jacuzzi bath and talked. 

"Did Jay and Ken say anything on the ride home," I inquired.

"Not really too much, they were exhausted and still in a little bit of shock. I told them we would see them next week," Cliff reported.

I just slid down in the tub and relaxed a while longer then we later adjoined to my bedroom for some calm casual easy paced sex.

Each week thereafter Cliff and I would bring Ken and Jay back from the tennis club for hours of fucking at my house. I looked forward to the marathon fuck sessions and to the trip from the club to the house. Now I automatically got in the back seat of the car and sat between Ken and Jay. Within minutes my panties were off and Ken and Jay had their dicks out of their tennis shorts. I had started to wear two-piece tennis outfits so that Ken and Jay could push up my top along with my sports bra and bare my titties. Ken and Jay each had a tit in his mouth as they fingered my pussy and asshole. I had a cock in each hand and jerked them off as they serviced me on the way home. 
