 3. Tom and Carol and Dan and Ginger

In the morning Ginger awoke feeling rested and happy and strangely turned on. It was soon apparent why she felt that way, Dan had been softly caressing her tits and pussy as she slept; now that he knew that she was awake he pushed the covers off, moved down and began licking her slick cunt. Gently pushing her knees apart he used his hands to spread her pussy exposing her little button to his assault. Softly he blew on her clit and just as softly he used just the tip of his tongue to caress it. 

Ginger was just getting into it when there was a knock at the door and room service was announced. Dan backed off the bed, threw on a robe and answered the door leaving Ginger to pull the covers over herself just in time to not give the waiter a heart attack. The waiter rolled in the cart covered with breakfast delights, Dan offered him a generous tip before the man withdrew grinning from ear to ear after scanning Ginger's covered form in the bed. 

"You did that on purpose didn't you!" she said in mock anger. "You ordered room service and then started in on me knowing that we couldn't finish, didn't you?" 

Dan only shrugged, smiled and offered her a slice of Mango. 

They finished breakfast, dressed for the sunny day and went down to meet with Carol and Tom. They were easy to find in the hotel's coffee shop, Carol had on a thin white top and a big floppy hat. Tom had shorts made from desert Camouflage pants and an Army Ranger t-shirt; sporting big grins they rose to make room in the big booth. 

Ginger ordered O.J. while Dan got black coffee before Ginger told Carol what Dan had just done to her. Carol wagged her finger at Dan but had a big smile as did Tom who offered Dan a high five which earned him a slug on the shoulder from Carol. 

The talk quickly turned to the topic of what they were to do for the rest of the day. Nobody had given it much thought... except Carol and she wanted to do some shopping with Ginger; she offered to let the guys tag along but they strongly declined with Tom saying that he would rather go back to Iraqi than go shopping. 

It was decided that the girls would be on their own until 4 in the afternoon when they would meet back here to make further plans. The Guys were lift to fend for themselves which Dan said was just fine by him. 

A short cab ride brought the girls to the shopping district with open shops and street venders galore. They wandered along looking at everything, picking up a few items, giggling and placing them back on their racks or tables. Entering a small shop Ginger inquired of the lady at the counter, in Spanish, if they had anything made locally. 

The owner smiled broadly and with a rapid fire voice began dragging Ginger around the shop; she pulled several items down and handed them to her all the while describing the details of each piece. Carol finally got a word in and asked what Ginger had said to make the lady so excited and how it was that she spoke such fluent Spanish. 

Ginger began her story slowly because she had to interrupt herself often to comment to the sales lady on this piece or that, but it finally came out that she had ask if there was any local stuff knowing the owner would be thrilled that they wanted to see her work. 

The Spanish was a longer tale, her next door neighbors when she was a little girl had emigrated from Spain and they had two little girls around Ginger's age. The adults spoke mostly Spanish and some broken English but the girls grew up speaking both languages and because they were best friends Ginger ended up speaking Spanish too. 

She had even spent a couple of summers in Madrid with her friends when they were sent to visit their grandparents. The three girls had been treated like royalty by both sets of grandparents and numerous uncles, aunts, and cousins. Spending their days wandering around the centuries old city she had come to love Spain. 

Further where she worked she was always around Mexican or South American workers and she had learned the differences between Spanish as the Spaniards spoke it and the Spanish of Mexico and South America. Now it was just natural for her to slip into her Spanish mode when in this environment. 

The two shoppers picked out a couple tops and skirts and paid much below the ticketed price. Carol asked Ginger to ask if the owner would recommend another store where they might find swimming suits and/or lingerie and with a sly smile they were directed down the street and thru an alley to such a shop. 

They were told to just say Maria sent us and they would receive the best service in town. 

They found the place easily and using the special code words in Spanish they were ushered through the store and an extra clerk was called to assist them in any way possible. The things they were shown were beautiful, impressing Carol with the quality and quantity. 

They were urged to try on everything so with a half dozen hangers each they adjourned to the fitting rooms to try on the bras, panties, corsets, assorted bikinis and lingerie. They started out each in their own space but after ducking in and out a few times Ginger just moved over to Carol's space where they continued to try on, showed off and giggled about many special outfits. 

As Ginger took off one little bra and thong set Carol stroked her arm commenting about Ginger's beautiful skin and how she envied her. Ginger frankly accepted the complement and threw back one of her own telling Carol how lovely she thought she was too. The two women stood for a moment really looking at one other; taking in what they each thought was true beauty. 

Carol finally broke the silence saying that she certainly understood why Dan couldn't seem to keep his hands off her; Ginger blushed and said that she had nothing on Carol who seemed to have Tom wrapped around her little finger. Carol said that it was Tom who had her wrapped around his thing. 

"Just how big is Dan's Magic?" Carol asked, recalling their earlier conversations. 

"It's a little above average, seven inches or so, but it's always thick and hard when it needs to be... besides it's the way he works his magic that makes all the difference." Ginger replied.

Carol's eyes seemed to sparkle at that. 

"Is it really just his thing that attracts you to Tom?" Ginger asked.

"It's not just that, nice as it is, that attracts me to him but the way he treats me. It seems like true affection, not just lust that makes me want to be around him." Carol replied with a dreamy look in her eyes.

Carole, it seemed, had had her boy toys before and they were nice to have around but the novelty always wore off pretty quickly then she had to throw them away. 

"Tom..." she thought..." is different." 

As their conversation progressed the two women had moved closer and their voices softened so that now they were only inches apart. Carol was a few inches taller than Ginger and had on panties where Ginger was nude. It seemed natural for Carol to bring up her hand to hold the back of Gingers head when she leaned in to kiss her lips gently, Ginger accepted the kiss and returned it with one just as gentle. 

The nipples on their breasts touched because Ginger's tits were firm and high on her chest where Carol's breasts were set a little lower and had a slight sag. Ginger's tits were still white with large dark nipples, which stood in contrast to the rest of her skin that had acquired a golden brown hue; Carol's breasts were larger, tanned, had large areola and small nipples. 

There was almost a spark between them when they backed off a little for a big breath before they kissed again. Ginger raised her hands in an almost defensive maneuver ending up holding Carol's breasts with the nipples in her palms. Carol brought up her other hand to hold ginger's head as the kiss deepened; soon their tongues were intertwined, their breathing becoming more rapid and ragged. 

It was at that critical point the clerk coughed gently before she entered the curtained room with more things; the women retreating quickly to neutral corners. Carols eyes were smoldering and Ginger's were wide open and wild looking until they regained their composure. Neither one of them sensed the smell of overheated pussy that had permeated the little space but both of their bodies continued to react to their elevated hormonal levels as they continued to try on the things offered them. 

The guys had opted for a little bar hopping, finding refuge in a little dive not far from the hotel where they proceeded to sample some of the local beer. After two or three they were off to the next place where besides the beer they spotted a poster advertising bullfighting. That started a challenge about who would last longer in the bull ring, Dan or Tom. 

They finally agreed that neither of them would last a minute and that was that until Dan noticed the dates on the poster which meant that there was a bullfight today, now that was something they both had never seen so, off they went. They caught a cab telling the driver to find the bullfight! It was a short drive and they were there.

With bags hanging from both their hands the girls bounced into the coffee shop laughing, talking in their own short hand and giggling at their secret messages as they searched for the men. Seeing no one they got a booth and ordered margaritas to cool themselves off. 

The guys finally burst onto the scene wearing large sombreros and colorful ponchos. They waltzed up to the girls arm in arm singing some ridiculous song about bullfighting; they were obviously drunk and happy to see the girls. Collapsing in the booth beside their respective lady they tried to get a big kiss; once rebuffed they began again to regale the room with their loud, off key song until the ladies relented, kissing them firmly. 

It was decided that the men, being in no shape to plan anything, should sleep it off while the girls planed the evening's activities. Depositing their two hombres in Tom and Ginger's room, where they immediately fell into a deep slumber, the ladies adjourned to Carol's room to plot. 

The first thing Carol did was to call the front desk and request a room change. She'd noticed that Gingers room had a door that could be opened to access the next room so she asked if that room was available, it was, and could a bellman be assigned to help them move, he could, and he was on his way up. 

Ginger was impressed with Carol's attitude and her mind began to ponder the possibilities that the move opened up. Once they had all of Tom's and Carol's things in the new room they brought out their new outfits, spreading them out on the two queen sized beds; undressing completely they tried on everything again showing off to one another, parading around like French tarts and throwing out compliments or jabs at one another's choices. 

Ginger commented that she wished that she had had a big sister like Carol when she was growing up, it would have been so much fun. That froze Carol in her tracks and tears came to her eyes while she softly crossed the room to hug Ginger, telling her that that was the sweetest thing she had ever heard. Ginger hugged Carol back and wouldn't let go until they kissed in a most unsisterly way. The games resumed and continued until they decided on their outfits and their plan for the evening was complete. 

The two hombres were allowed to sleep until 8 PM then the girls awakened them; Carol dragged Tom thru the hall to their room. The men were told to shower, sober and clean up because the night was still young. 

It wasn't until they emerged from their showers that they realized that their ladies had costumed themselves in low cut tops and tight skirts with slits up the legs high enough to reveal that their hose were held in place by garter belts; Gingers outfit revealing her tan lines, Carol's enhancing her cleavage. Their faces were made up to excess and their hair was up revealing large dangling earrings. 

The girls did not reveal that their rooms were attached before they met again in the lobby. Having two such ravishing ladies on their arms had begun to clear the men's heads somewhat so that they were in a party mood when they squeezed into the cab for a ride to the club. The weekend had begun and the club was hopping with lots of people drinking and dancing. To Dan's delight the music was older rock-and-roll so he didn't feel so out of place. 

The girls had reserved a table near the dance floor so as soon as they arrived they were seated in the heart of the action. The guys were eager to take their special ladies out onto the dance floor to show them off so they immediately dragged the girls out of their seats. The floor was crowded but the four friends soon had enough space staked out that they could move without crashing into the other dancers. 

The girls had decided that a subdued, sexy manor would be the best to keep their men on edge; nothing overt or slutty would do tonight. They managed to not only keep their men entranced but half the man on the floor were caught in their snare; a couple of the other women around them assuming the same understated attitude just to compete. Dan liked the pace that he and Ginger had knowing that he could dance with her all night if she kept this up. 

The slow dances were harder for the women; Dan and especially Tom wanted to get down and dirty but the women always succeeded at pulling away from the overzealous advances and dirty dancing. The guys finally learning that soft caresses and a nuzzle to the neck would be returned by the brush of a tit or a caress across their crotch while anything more obvious would earn the girls scorn. The four would dance for a while then sit and nurse their drinks; allowing the guys to sober up by burning off the alcohol and the girls could keep their pleasant buzz. 

At one time Ginger spotted her old friends across the dance floor, they were dancing in a corner with a couple of young gringo's, they looked like hell! Their hair was unruly, their clothes, what little they had on looked tattered and they acted like they were already fucking the guys on the dance floor. Ginger looked away to see Carol dancing in Tom's arms as others stood watching the elegant couple. Ginger swooped into Dan's arms and kissed him hard on his lips; before he could react she spun away giving him a smoldering look over her shoulder. 

They once again sat down at their table but this time Ginger gave a nod to Carol and they excused themselves to go powder their noses; returning a few moments later they each handed their guy a small present. The guys had only to hold the presents in their hands for a second until they realized what they were; they were holding the girls panties. Both men held them to their nose, inhaling deeply before pocking the items and reaching for a girl to kiss. 

Carol said that she wanted some fresh air, a motion Ginger seconded, so they all left. Once out the door they walked down the street a short distance until they found the little road that led to the shore, following it until they were at the sea wall; there the couples stood, embraced and turned to watch the moonlight shimmer on the water. 

It was then that both women asked to be placed on the bulkhead to have their feet rubbed. Side by side they set while the guys removed their shoes and rubbed the souls of their feet. Tom smiled at Dan as they worked. 

"Lick me." The girls said together. 

Thinking this was déjà vu all over again, Dan was way ahead of Tom; without hesitation he pushed his face forward spreading Ginger's legs just before spearing her hot cunt with the tip of his extended tongue. Tom snapped out of his wonderment quickly diving right into Carol's overheated cunt. 

Ginger used both hands at the back of Dan's head to press his face to her center as she reveled in the erotic sensations; Dan's tongue was stabbing deeply into her nectar filled pussy and she mashed his nose against her clit. Carol locked her ankles together squeezing Tom's head as he licked her repeatedly from her ass hole to clit with the flat of his tongue. 

Both women were rocked by near simultaneous orgasms; they screamed in harmony. Once they began to calm down they leaned into one another and kissed, both men continuing their oral manipulations to their respective cunts. 

This new development was not lost on ether of the guys, they may have been somewhat preoccupied with the juicy slit right in front of them but they would have to have been deaf, dumb and blind to miss the shift in posture the sounds as their ladies made out. 

Dan's mind was beginning to go into overload. He had enjoyed being the senior partner in this sexual relationship, his ego had been stroked as often as his cock as he led Ginger thru one sexy episode after another; now he felt that he was losing his dominance to this female dynamo and her mature comrade. 

Boom! The light bulb in his brain came on and illuminated a great truth that had been hiding somewhere in the back of his mind. 

He didn't have to be the dominating partner to enjoy this relationship! 

Hadn't he been thrilled as Ginger's confidence and her capabilities grew right before his eyes? 

Didn't the woman she had become turn him on more than ever? 

Hadn't he encouraged her growth and didn't he want her to be what she had become? 

YES! 

Didn't she turn him on every time he looked at her now? 

What had he to fear from her; didn't he know her well enough to trust her as an equal? 

What surprises might she have for him if he stepped up his game to play at her new level? 

Was he man enough for her? 

Hell yes! 

With his mind now at rest he concentrated on the task at hand, or on the tip of his tongue. Her pussy was pouring out her nectar at an ever increasing rate and she seemed to be in a constant state of ecstasy as Carol's hands teased her tits while he sucked at her clit and drank her juices. 

Tom found that just having his face buried in Carol's cunt was not enough so he broke away pulling her down to the sand where he wrapped himself around her to smother her with kisses while pulling her top down freeing her tits. At the same time Carol unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out stroking him vigorously as he sucked her nipples and cupped her breasts, pulling them up to his mouth. 

Ginger and Dan were soon engaged in a passionate wrestling match of their own. He had her pinned against the seawall, his hands were everywhere at once; one hand he slid up her dress burring three fingers in her open pussy, with the other he had pulled her top away from her tits so that he could suck her hard, long nipples. 

She tore at his shirt in an attempt to bare his chest and once that was accomplished she struggled to loosen his belt and drop his pants. They ended up falling onto the sand and after rolling about trying to engage one another they broke into laughter at their predicament. Holding on they looked over at Tom and Carol who had also realized how silly they had been and had stopped pawing to just hold one another and gently kiss in the moonlight. 

It took some time for the four to rearrange their clothes in order to look decent enough to walk back up to the street and hail a cab, but they managed with a lot of good natured ribbing and wet kisses. The driver looked repeatedly back at them in his mirror as he drove down the now quiet street. 

They were quite a sight; sand was everywhere, buttons were missing and garments gapped at the most interesting places... and they kept breaking into laughter. Someone would giggle then they all would burst out into a roaring laughter and it would stop until there was another giggle. 

Finally back at the hotel the gang of four managed to pass thru the lobby without garnering too much attention and disappeared into an elevator that took them to their floor. Tom was a little confused when Carol walked past Dan's room to the next door and ask for their keycard; his confusion continued as they entered the room only to have Ginger appear beside the window as if by magic. 
