 Why was I a virgin? I don't know, really. When I looked in the mirror I didn't think I looked that bad. I had wide, blue eyes and long, light brown hair. I was silly, sure, but a lot of girls are. I just didn't get why I was getting passed over by the guys my age. I wasn't too nerdy and I hung with a crowd that wasn't considered to be socially deficient. I just hadn't met the right guy yet and I guess I was kind of picky. That's why, when I met my boss's husband and felt something inside of me change, I took notice.

I had never felt the way I felt about him with anyone else. In fact, I was starting to wonder if I was one of those asexual people who would live with permanent virginity for the rest of my natural life. I still remember the first time that I saw Carlos, his large arms lifting a heavy box, his legs straining as he lifted it. He saw me and gave me the warmest smile. I knew I should have said hello or something but I was so flustered I must have given him the strangest look before I bolted from the room like an animal startled in the woods.

"Who was that?" I asked my boss, Angie, when he was gone.

"That was my husband, Carlos. He's hot, isn't he?" She smiled like she knew something and I was scared. I had been scoping out my boss's husband and she had seen it. I didn't know what to do. I blushed deeply with embarrassment.

"I'm so sorry. I didn't know he was your husband. I thought he was hot and I was looking. I'm so embarrassed," I admitted. "I'm so sorry. I'm so bad at this kind of stuff. I've never been with a guy before. I always screw things up somehow. You don't have anything to worry about," I tried to explain to her that I wasn't a threat but she didn't seem threatened. In fact, she looked like she was deep in thought. "Angie?"

"You're a virgin?" Angie asked me, her mouth agape. "I can't believe it. You're so beautiful. How did you manage that?"

"I don't know. I guess I never met the right guy? I don't know what's wrong with me, Angie. I just want to lose my virginity and be a normal girl and yet I can't seem to make it happen. I guess I'm only attracted to certain guys and then those guys aren't into me? I'm not sure."

"But you're attracted to Carlos?"

"Your husband? Yes! I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to be but he's very handsome. I like his muscles," I blushed, knowing I should shut up but having trouble actually being quiet about Carlos and his assets.

"It's okay! Do you want me to see if he wants to help you with your virginity?" Angie smiled warmly at me and I was shocked as I processed her words.

"You would let him devirginize me?" 

"Yeah, if he was into it. I'll have to ask him first but if you're serious about wanting to lose your virginity I think I can make it happen."

"Why would you do that? He's your husband."

"I'll tell you a little secret about me but you can't tell anyone else," she leaned in as if she was telling me an important secret.

"Okay," I whispered.

"I like watching Carlos have sex with other women. He's always wanted a virgin and I really want to give you to him as a gift. Does that sound fun?" she asked me and I nodded. It did sound fun. It sounded like we would all get something we wanted out of the situation.

"Yes?"

"Are you in?" she asked me.

"I'm in," I told her, and I was. I was in. I was going to lose my virginity to Angie's husband.

The very next night I got a call from Angie. She told me it was time and that they were ready. I gathered a small overnight bag worth of items to bring with me, unsure what a girl like me would need to lose my virginity successfully. It was finally time for me to move forward in my life after being stagnated for so long. I drove over to her house with my heart pounding. I was terrified as I pulled into the driveway. I almost turned around and drove home but there was something inside of me that wanted to lose my virginity. I wanted it more than I was afraid. I pushed myself toward the door until I was knocking on it and Angie answered.

"Welcome!" She pulled me inside by the arm and took my bag to the bedroom. She gestured for me to follow her and so I did. Carlos was already naked in the bed and I was shocked to see his large cock hard and ready for me. "I warmed him up for you," Angie confessed.

"Okay," I said stupidly, not sure what to say in a situation like this.

"I remember you from when I stopped by the office the other day," Carlos said. "Go ahead and get naked. Are you ready to lose your virginity?"

"I'm ready. I've been a virgin for nineteen years. I think it's time."

"Great attitude. Come on over here and lay back. Let me take that virginity from you." I looked over at Angie and saw that she had a giant smile on her face. She was loving this situation. Carlos got on top of me and his cock was at the precipice of my pussy and I wanted him to just do it. The suspense was killing me. I'd been waiting for this moment for too long. I had always wondered how I would lose my virginity but I never would have guessed that this would be the way it would all happen. I opened my legs further for him and I looked down as he entered me.

The pleasure filled me and the sensations were overwhelming. I let out a long, slow sigh as I enjoyed his thick cock. It pushed into me and spread my pussy open for the first time. It was a tight fit but Carlos kept right on pushing until my pussy gave way and made room to accommodate his dick.

"How does it feel?" Angie asked me. She was near my head, stroking my hair.

"Good." She held me down while he fucked me and something about the way they looked at one another as he fucked me made me feel comfortable. I let go and let myself enjoy it. I was moaning and so close to cumming when Angie put his hand on Carlo's chest and told him to stop with just a look.

"Have you ever had your pussy eaten?" she asked me.

"No," I shook my head.

"Carlos! Stop. She's never had her pussy eaten! You have to eat it for her!"

"Her cunt feels so good on my dick," he announced but he listened to Angie and pulled out of me and replaced his cock with his tongue. The sensations of his tongue working my clit were ones I will never forget. I came so hard on his face, thrashing and bucking as he pushed a finger into me and fucked me with it as his tongue lashed at my clit with a precision that comes from experience. My guard was completely down. He pushed his cock back into me and began to fuck me hard and fast. I was shocked at how good it felt. I came, screaming loudly as the raw pleasure erupted inside of me and oozed from every one of my pores.

"Let's try something else," Angie suggested when I was done with my orgasm. "Try him standing up. It's the best angle with his cock, trust me." She grabbed me and pulled me toward the wall of their bedroom. She had me brace myself against the wall and stick my ass out. Carlos entered me from behind and to my shock, Angie grabbed me by the ass and legs and began to move my body for me. "See, this is how you fuck him back. Try it without my help."

"Okay," I concentrated as Angie let go. I moved my hips and my legs the way she had shown me and I was doing it! I was actually doing it! I was so proud of myself.

"Look at you! I wouldn't even know you were a virgin before this fuck. How's she doing Carlos?"

"She's doing great!" he praised me.

"Let's try going even harder," Angie suggested and she gripped me by the hips and began to move them with her hands so I was slamming my pussy back onto Carlos's waiting dick. It felt really good and I braced myself against the wall as I came. I could feel my pussy spasming in ways it never had when I masturbated and I marveled at the beauty of the moment. I had been a virgin when I woke up that morning. Now I was cumming all over a cock. I felt so grown up.

"Fuck!" I screamed.

"Hell yeah, I'm going to cum!" Carlos screamed.

"Hurry, get on your knees!" Angie grabbed me and pushed me roughly to my knees. She grabbed my head and lifted it up. "Get ready honey."

"Okay?" I didn't know what I was getting ready for but I found out when Carlos's cum began to hit my face I could feel the wetness and my eyes closed instantly.

"Open your eyes!" Angie commanded and I obeyed. After all, she was letting me fuck her husband. I felt I owed it to her to obey her commands. His cum spatter covered my face and luckily he avoided getting any in my eye. I felt strange, my face coated in Angie's husband's cum. I felt embarrassed but I realized there was nothing to be embarrassed about. We were all adults.

"I'm not a virgin anymore," I whispered.

"No, you're not. How does it feel?" Carlos asked me as I flopped down onto the bed.

"It feels messy. Is there something I can wash this off with?" I asked.

"No need. I'll clean it off," Angie giggled. She took her finger and scraped some of the cum from my face before popping it into her mouth and eating it.

"Mmmm. It's good. Want a taste?" she asked me.

"Okay." I thought she was going to use her finger to feed me some but instead, she popped more into her own mouth and then kissed me. I had never kissed a woman before but this was a day of firsts for me and I was happy to try it with Angie. I could taste the sweetness of her mouth and the bitterness of Carlos's cum as they mingled together into one sexy flavor. It was the flavor of sex and it left a taste in my mouth that I was always searching to duplicate.

At work, Angie continued to be the best boss. She never breathed a word of our secret sex life to anyone. At her house, she forced me to fuck Carlos, teaching me all the things I would need to know about pleasing a man during sex. Over time, I realized that Angie and I were getting closer and closer. I began to crave Angie just as much as I craved Carlos. Before I knew it, I couldn't imagine not being a part of their relationship. They stopped seeing other women besides me and eventually I moved in. Some say you can't love more than one person, but I beg to differ. I loved them both and even though I'm not with them anymore I owe them both so much. They taught me everything I know about sex and I can finally say that I am confident in myself sexually. I am ready for whatever is next and I am thankful for the time I had with Carlos and Angie.