 While I related the story of how Geneen and I had first made love, both Geneen and Paula had comments to add. Their cross talk consisted mainly of Paula asking for clarification and Geneen supplying the details, but occasionally they digressed to other topics.

“So how did you get this set up so fast?” Paula asked Geneen. “Did you mess up your fans on purpose?”

”I have been having trouble with those fans for a long time, and you know that,” Geneen answered. “I had asked Mark to come check them out even before we made the bet, and I had basically planned to rape him when he came over. Adding the bet to it only made me more determined to get into his pants!”

The girls were talking about a bet they had made a few nights earlier – whoever could bed me first had the option to share me with the other, or keep me to themselves. [See Help Desk 4] I had known nothing about this bet until just a few hours ago, and was still amused that they thought enough of me to make the bet in the first place.

“But all you two did was have oral sex. I actually got fucked, so it looks like I won the bet! You cheated on this, Geneen!” Paula’s green eyes flashed as she made her accusation.

“Oh we did a lot more than eat each other,” I interjected. “That night was far from over. I was almost late to work the next day, because I had to run home to grab a new shirt before I came in to the office. We stayed busy most of the evening.”

Geneen and I shared a secret smile as we both remembered the rest of the evening. With the fans blowing cool breezes over our bodies, we explored each other again. This time it was a slower, more languid beginning. The heat of our passion had been temporarily cooled by our first orgasms and the second time built slowly. The first time we fucked, we made love the second time.

“We did a LOT more after that, baby girl,” Geneen replied with a grin. “And I had his white dick in my black pussy long before he ever saw your blonde cunt. I just couldn’t imagine not letting you get a taste of him. That’s why I gave you the chance to get back into the game!”

“Wait a minute,” I demanded. “What is this all about? You won the bet, Geneen, and you decided to share me with Paula. What is this ‘game’ you’re talking about?”

“When Geneen told me what happened, I got really worried that she wasn’t going to share you,” Paula explained. “At least not right away. I figured that as long as she and I were together I had a chance of getting us all into a three-way. But I wanted to know what it was like to have you one-on-one. So I made a side bet with Geneen.”

“I told Paula that if she fucked you before this weekend was over, I would arrange this little rendezvous. If she didn’t, she would have to wait until I was willing to share.”

I did some quick mental calculations. “Geneen, you and I spent the night together on Wednesday, and last night you told Paula what happened. That means you had to have planned your attack last night, Paula!”

“I did,” Paula answered. “After Geneen told me that you had fucked her brains out, I knew that I had to move fast. I knew that if I could get to you this morning, we could spend the whole weekend together, and I couldn’t think of anything I would rather do.” Paula looked at us accusingly and said, “It was either that, or know that you two were going to be fucking all weekend, and I would have to deal with your attitudes on Monday! And if you were with Geneen, my chances of getting you this weekend were nil. So it was either do something drastic or face a weekend alone.”

Geneen replied, “I think your decision was a good one, Paula. I can’t think of a better way to spend a weekend!”

I lay there listening to their banter, wondering how I got so lucky to have these two beautiful, lusty ladies fighting over me. And even luckier to have them willing to share their beds with me – individually and together! The stories we had told each other had allowed enough time to pass that I was almost fully erect again. Paula noticed this as she was rubbing her hands over my belly, and she grabbed my erection in her hand. She looked over at Geneen and smiled a devilish little smile.

“I want you to tell me what you and Mark did that night, and I will do it with him as you tell it.” Paula looked at me and continued, “Do you think you’re up for the task, Mark?”

“I shall do my very best,” I replied in my best Ben Stein voice. The humor was lost on my partners.

“Well, I will try to remember everything,” Geneen ventured, “but I may not get the order right. And if you have trouble doing what I am describing, I’ll jump in and show you.” It was Geneen’s turn to smile devilishly at Paula. “That way we both can relive that night!”

“What about me?” I asked. “Am I just supposed to lay here and let you two have your way with me?” When both girls looked at me and nodded, I answered, “I can live with that!”

Geneen sat up and crawled to the foot of the bed. Her tight ass swayed invitingly, and I could see the swelling lips of her pussy as she moved down the bed. Paula tightened her grip on my dick and warned me, “Don’t get any ideas, mister! You are MINE now, so don’t even think about her for a while!”

Geneen was now sitting cross-legged at the end of the bed, making it very difficult not to stare at her fully exposed pussy. Paula began to stroke me gently, distracting my attention somewhat.

“Well you’re starting out about right,” Geneen volunteered. “Mark and I had fallen asleep for a while, and when I woke up he was lightly rubbing my back and hair. I reached out to hug him and ran into that monster, just like you have Paula.

“You need to move a little higher up, Paula. Rest your head on his shoulder and bring your leg over his. That’s right, now turn your face up and start kissing his neck. Mark, you’re not rubbing her right. Stroke her hair…good…now run your hand down her back and cup her ass…squeeze it gently…now slide a finger along her ass and try to reach her pussy…good!

“Paula, as Mark plays with your ass, move your hips up so he can reach you. There! Let him finger that blonde bush from behind and show his dick how good it feels…stroke him…now slide up a little higher and kiss him on the lips…don’t let him lose contact with your pussy…Mark, you need to finger her pussy and get her wet and hot so you can fuck her like you fucked me…”

As Geneen directed us, Paula and I did our best to follow her commands. I didn’t have a hard time caressing Paula, and she didn’t’ have a hard time playing with me. The difficulty came in trying to hold back what came naturally, and follow the directions Geneen was giving. Paula moved her body on top of mine and started to rub her hot slit up and down the length of my hard on, at Geneen’s instructions. I kissed Paula deeply and fondled her tight little ass as she moved up and down. I could feel her juices coat my cock, and tried to raise my hips enough to get inside the source of her wetness. Geneen had other ideas.

“Stop trying to fuck her, Mark! That comes later! You have to eat her first – remember? Paula! Slide up to his face and plant that pussy on his tongue…there you go…doesn’t he have a talented tongue? I can hardly get enough of his mouth…go for it girl…grind that pussy into him…make him eat you until you can’t take it anymore!”

Paula had followed Geneen’s instructions, and I found myself with a face full of blonde hair surrounding a hot, juicy cunt. Even if Geneen had told me not to, I couldn’t help but lick along the length of this tasty slit. I grabbed each of Paula’s thighs in my hands and pulled her legs open a bit more. Then I drove my tongue into her with all the force I could, and licked her as deeply as my tongue would go. I was rewarded with a squeal from Paula.

“Oh GOD that feels good! Fuck me with your tongue, Mark! Eat my pussy and make me come! I want to feel your tongue in me when I come. Eat meeee…”

Geneen responded with a groan that sounded like SHE was the one getting eaten. I managed to get my mouth around Paula’s pussy, and exhaled as much as I could, filling her with air. I took a breath through my nose and repeated the exhale, blowing into Paula as if I was inflating a balloon. This drove her wild, and she grabbed my head in both hands and rode me harder and faster, my tongue dancing on her clit as she fucked my face. Then she came and flooded my mouth with her juices. I hungrily devoured her flow, stopping my efforts only when she rolled off me and fell to the bed, satisfied and mewling like a kitten.

As I looked up I saw Geneen still sitting at the end of the bed. She had one hand buried into her splayed cunt, and the other one was fondling her breasts, pinching her hardened nipples. Her face was contorted in pleasure, and her eyes were closed in ecstasy. She was frigging herself to what appeared to be a massive orgasm, and I did what any red-blooded American Male would do – I helped out.

I sat up and pulled Geneen further onto the bed, rolling her onto her back as I moved her. Crawling between her thighs, I rubbed the head of my throbbing cock between her cunt lips. She bucked her hips upward, and I sank my shaft into her steamy hole. This set her off, and she started to come hard, bucking and writhing as her orgasm wracked her body. I almost came right then, but Paula had recovered from her orgasm and had moved next to Geneen. She sucked one of Geneen’s tits as Geneen came, and raised her own ass into the air.

“Fuck me, Mark,” Paula whispered huskily. “You have already been in Geneen tonight, and now it’s MY turn.”

With that she reached down and started rubbing Geneen’s clit, almost pushing me out of the hot hole I was buried in. Paula’s cunt was waiting, engorged and wet, just a few inches away. I pulled out of Geneen and moved behind Paula, slipping my engorged dick into her blonde-furred hole. Paula slipped two fingers into Geneen and began to rub her in time to our fucking.

The excitement of the night and the velvet suction of Paula’s cunt was too much for me, and I came within a few minutes. Paula came again as I shot my hot load into her hungry pussy, and for the second time that night we were all collapsed on the bed, dripping each other’s fluids. I reached across Paula’s body and grabbed for Geneen, pulling us all as close as I could. The sound of heavy breathing was the only noise in the room.

After a few minutes, we all decided to crawl under the covers. I grabbed a towel from the bathroom so the ladies could clean up a bit, and then made a quick run to the balcony to retrieve the champagne. Returning to the room, I poured three glasses of bubbly and brought them to the bed. Paula was sitting up and I climbed into the middle of the bed, next to the prostrate form of Geneen. I slid under the covers, and Paula reclined next to me.

“Here’s to the best night of my life,” Geneen offered as a toast. We all raised our glasses.

“To the best night of ALL our lives,” corrected Paula, as we clinked the glasses together.

“And to my two favorite people in the whole room!” I responded.

I had never had a champagne shower before, but it was not an unpleasant sensation. 

Since this bed was drenched, we moved over to the other double bed. I toweled off a bit, and we snuggled under the covers together. As we kissed each other goodnight, we knew that this was just the beginning of a wonderful weekend. Monday would come soon enough, but there was a lot more to do after we got some sleep, and we all were looking forward to the next two days.

To Be Continued...