 She could not stand the wait. She had been waiting for it ever since she had gotten out of bed as there was something special happening today, something really exciting. Meg was ecstatic. She bounced out of her chair and rushed out of the library chair, slithering her way through the throngs of people as they tried to push through the door. Her friend Sophie was busy today but Meg always had another friend who was willing and ready to go. And her name was Lola and she was just as willing to see what Meg had to show her. It was just last week that Sophie had introduced her to a very special friend of hers, a friend who showed both of them a great time. 

But Lola had yet to meet this friend. 

Meg headed out of the school's entrance and found Lola waiting by the step of the school where most the other kids waited. She had long red hair and a voluptuous body that was just as alluring as Meg's dark black hair and her slender, lithe body of sin. 

"Here you are," she said.

"Yeah, you sure took your time," Lola got up.

As she got up, Meg noticed the low cut shirt that showed off Lola's deep cleavage. It made her mouth water slightly. Meg remembered how nice it was to suckle on Lola's tits. They did that often when there weren't any guys available for them, including Sophie. Lola noticed this and also noticed some of the younger guys taking peeks at them. Young, scrawny guys that weren't worth their time. There was one who was kind of cute but he was a freshman. Too young for her taste.

"Hey, pay attention here," she smiled and pointed up to her freckled face. "You can enjoy those later."

"Whatever, bitch," Meg laughed. "When's your sister finishing with her practice?"

"Why?" Lola wondered why Meg wanted to know about her sister's cheerleading practice. 

"We're going back to your place."

"Mine?" 

"Yes, yours."

"What about yours?" 

"It's further away and we need all the time we can get to do this thing."

"And what is this thing eaxctly?"

"Something you won't regret," Meg smirked. "Trust me, Lola."

"Fine..." she sighed. "Haley will be done in about two hours and my mum is out running errands and will be picking up Haley on her way back."

"Good, then let's go," Meg caught Lola by her wrist and the two young women were off. They used Lola's car which was parked in the parking lot. The white Honda was a sweet ride, smooth and pretty decent in terms of its space. Meg liked how the leather felt on her skin whenever she got into the back with either Lola or Sophie, sometimes both (though that was a bit of a challenge but it was thrilling none the less). 

"So what's the deal? Where is this person we're meeting?"

"At your place, remember?"

"Who are they?"

"It's a he if you must know..."

"Do I know him?"

"Sophie does, she introduced us," Meg looked out the window, watching the trees go by. 

"And how the fuck does Sophie know him?"

"Her neighbor, that's who he is."

"Is he hot?"

"Would I be wasting our time if he wasn't?" she grinned at Lola. 

"Is he packing?"

"You'll find out," she had to hold in a chuckle.

"Oh, come on... tell me..."

"Just be patient," she tapped Lola on her lap.

"He'd better be," Lola frowned. 

Meg only laughed. 

"Does he know where my place is?" Lola asked.

"I gave him the address," Meg answered. 

"You what?"

"Don't worry... He's trustworthy, Lola."

Lola groaned and gripped the steering wheel, making Meg laugh. 

Then her phone rang. 

She answered it, "Yeah?"

"Meet me at the back of her place, on the patio," said a raspy male voice.

"You're there already?"

"Yes."

"Good to know," Meg smiled.

And he hung up.

"He's already there?" Lola asked.

"He's good isn't he?"

"That is yet to be seen."

"Oh, you'll be speaking a different tune once you get to see him..."

Lola pulled up into her driveway and the two got out. Meg looked around t see if there was any sign of her friend's car but she saw nothing. She wondered where he had parked it? Did he park it far and walk here? She wanted to know because she wanted him to take her home and show her a good time that day after she was done sharing him with Lola. 

"I can't believe he's already here," Lola said as they headed around to the back. There was a wooden fence that closed off the backyard and the patio and the door there as still locked. "I don't think he is even here yet. I mean; look, it's still locked."

"Just open it up, I wanna get this started," Meg said impatiently. 

"He's not even here yet."

"He is, so just open it up." 

Lola groaned but relented. She unlocked the gate and they were in the backyard. Lush and green but empty. The sun was still beating down on them pretty hard with its rays so Meg wanted to get her tan butt back into some sort of shade. Lola led the way as Meg was off in her own little world, looking up at the clouds. They reached the patio and Lola slumped in one of the lounge chairs that was stored underneath the patio's roof from the undesired elements that came with summer. 

As she sprawled there, she looked at Meg with a smug look and said, "I told you he wasn't here... Some guy he turned out to be."

Meg looked around, trying to see if he was there like he said he was. 

"I have no idea..." her voice was exasperated. "He's not one to miss an opportunity to fuck me..."

"Maybe he got bored," Lola joked. 

"Never," said a tall man with unkempt, chocolate brown hair who appeared behind Meg from the inside of the house.

They both jumped in shock from his sudden appearance. Lola actually screamed. Meg turned around and saw her good friend. 

"Dave!" she slapped him on his chest. "Why the fuck do you do that?"

"No reason," he shrugged.

She stood there, looking at the six foot two man. She tried to make herself look angry but couldn't follow through as she jumped onto him. He absorbed the weight of her like she was nothing. She giggled as she wrapped her arms around him and began using her mouth on his, sticking her tongue in there without much inhibition. He set his arms around her body, his big hands on her firm ass, running them up and down her cheeks. 

"I missed you..." she said in between kisses.

"It's only been five days..." he nipped her neck.

"Just shut up and kiss me," she plunged her tongue back into his mouth. 

He squeezed her ass and she moaned in his mouth. She began grinding her hips his in his hands like she always did when she was on top of him, except this time they had their clothes on and he was not inside her. He responded by gently rocking his own hips with hers. A bulge in his pants started to grow from this.

Lola sat there, watching and waiting. She smiled as she watched, enjoying the sight. He was cute and looked hot. He looked so much more rugged than the guys at her school, more tantalizing. She could see from there that he had a hard body and was not shy about being avid with his mouth in front of strangers. Three minutes later, they were still going at it. Then she remembered that he was here for her. And Meg had told her he had something that she would enjoy. 

And she wanted to know what it was. 

She got up and stood by the engrossed pair. She watched for a few more minutes then slid her hand in between their bodies, running her hands around his stone hard stomach. She reached underneath his shirt and felt the warm skin. She felt his solid arms as they continued. She stood on her toes and began probing his ear with her tongue, sending chills down his spine and into his hardening cock. He smiled at this as Meg kept her lips on his. Lola then put her free hand on his jaw line and tried to pull his mouth away from Meg's. And she succeeded.

He latched onto Lola's lips and did to her what he had just done to Meg. While he was doing it, Meg smiled and began nipping at his neck and shoulders. Dave ran his tongue across Lola's mouth and then she accepted it into hers. Both girls ran their hands all over his torso, feeling him up while he kept Meg in his hands. 

Meg pulled away and said, "Don't you want to know what I brought him here for?"

Lola slowly brought herself to stop kissing Dave and nod with a smile. She dropped her heals back onto the ground while Dave lowered Meg back on her feet.

"Oh , I nearly forgot. Lola, this is Dave," Meg grinned. "Dave, Lola."

"Nice to meet you," he smiled. He presented his hand to her playfully after what the both of them had already done. Somewhere in the distance, it began to rain. 

"Same here," she returned the smile and took his hand. But instead of shaking it, she put it on one of her large breasts, pressing his palm on where her nipple was underneath the fabric of her shirt.

"Very nice," he nodded, feeling her breast. 

"So I hear that you have something that'll peak my interest," she cooed as she enjoyed the feeling of his hand on her breast. "Do you mind telling me what it is?"

"Why don't you show her? Meg patted his butt, urging him to present the front his body to Lola. Then she point to his right leg and said, "Look for yourself."

Lola looked and said, "You're kidding, right?"

She said that because what she saw was astounding. What she saw was something that was stretching the fabric of his pants. It was a long bulge which Meg was rubbing soothingly with long, agonizing strokes. That something was the bulge of his erection and that erection of his almost reached his knee. And with all that stroking he was receiving, Meg was giving him a hard on that threatened to tear open the front of his pants if he didn't let it out soon.

"Oh, no he's not," Meg said. "Believe it."

"No way," Lola began to become skeptical but her interest had been stirred. 

"Then see it for yourself," Meg pulled her hand away and reached for his belt. She began undoing it with some difficulty but managed to get it unbuckled. She yanked it off and opened his pants while he watched Lola's face. Meg stepped in front of him, got on her knees and pulled his pants down, as well as his underwear. 

Then she got up and stepped away to let Lola see what he was packing. 

"Oh, my god..." Lola said with eyes as wide as saucers. It was huge, bigger than any penis she had ever seen before and it was right in front of her. She closed her hands around it and dropped to her knees in relevance of his manhood. "You weren't kidding."

"I knew you'd like him," Meg smirked. "And don't forget to check out his jewels."

Lola did and saw that they were big too, bigger than others she had seen in her life. She kept her eyes on them for a moment then turned her attention back to his long, hard penis. She placed both hands on it and still had a lot of room to spare along its length. She stroked it, feeling it seethe with fiery heat within its skin and felt the girth of what felt like a steel pole underneath all that flesh. It stood up on its own, meeting Lola's face as she admired the huge, purple head at the end of his length. She saw the slit that housed the hole that led into the shaft where his sperm would travel through and shoot out of and licked her lips when she thought about that. It was one of the most beautiful things she had ever seen. 

Meg looked on as her friend stroked Dave's cock, mesmerized by its hypnotic presence. She looked so beautiful with his cock next to her face. She joined Lola on her knees and added her hands to his shaft, finally covering almost the entire length except for the head. 

Dave sighed. 

"I want to suck it," Lola said, licking her lips. She pulled on his cock, making him take as step forth as she pulled it right to her mouth. "I want to taste your cum."

"Go ahead." 

She licked around the head like she was licking up an ice cream cone that was melting fast, closed her lips around the shaft, and quickly shoved it as far back into her mouth as it would go. Dave sighed, his eyes rolling back in their sockets as she lavished his member with skill and precision. He could feel her breath from her nose tingling with his pubic hair around the base of his cock. With the head all the way to the back of her mouth, her tongue swabbed rapidly back and forth along the underside of the shaft, stimulating all the nerves down there. She was really good, almost as good as Meg.

And Meg was not about to be left out. She leaned forward and took one of his balls in her mouth and sucked on it. Dave brushed Lola's red hair away from her face and she looked up at him. This made her suck harder. 

Dave groaned. 

Hearing it, Meg released his testicle and set her face right next to Lola's. Getting an idea of what she wanted, Lola pulled his cock out of her mouth and held it up for Meg. She stuck her tongue out and licked the head. Her eyes were turned up to Dave and she was giggling like a little girl who was playing a silly little kindergarten game. She kept sucking as Lola ran her hands through Meg's luscious dark hair while her other free hand milked Dave's cock for Meg. 

Meg suddenly released his cock and said, "Get your tits out."

Lola automatically pulled off her shirt and revealed a body with creamy skin and a pair of hefty breasts that were confined in her bra. She unhooked her bra and freed them. Meg did the same and now both of them were naked from the waist up. They approached each other on their knees and pressed their bodies together. Lola's voluptuous, fair body against Meg's firm, tan body. Their breasts were squashed against each other. Meg's breast were smaller than Lola's but they were perfectly shaped and firm. They kissed each other, gently at first then fervently. 

Dave liked what he saw so he just looked on, his dick getting harder. He liked the sounds of their lips smacking so he decided to step in. He pushed his cock in between their mouth and they both smiled mischievously. Lola took it first and closed her lips around it and sucked it into her mouth an inch at a time, bobbing her head back and forth until the head touched the back of her mouth and made her gag. Meg licked the unattended side of his cock as she embraced Lola.

Meg took his cock back into her mouth. She went down on him so deep that the head began to push down her throat. Dace groaned, but she pulled it back out without trying to swallow it. Lola started to lick along the side, near his balls, while Meg sucked the head. When they got near each other, they kissed, licking each other's tongues in mid air between their open mouths. They continued that but with the head of his cock in between their mouths. He gently moved his hips back and forward between their hungry mouths, fucking them in effect.

"Are you gonna come yet?" Lola asked in between kisses.

"If you want me to."

"Not yet. I want you inside me first."

"Good."

She got up, Meg following too. They both pushed Dave backwards into the lounge chair Lola was in earlier. They peeled off his shirt and pulled off his pants, leaving him completely naked. But instead of stripping herself completely nude too, Lola turned to his cock, opened her mouth wide, and closed her lips over the head. Dave groaned.

Meg stared at her. 

"Let me have some of that," she said.

Lola took his cock out of her mouth and held it for Meg. She licked around the shaft a few times and put it in her mouth, bobbing her head. Dave laid his head back and groaned. He couldn't believe his luck.

Meg passed his penis back to Lola and she sucked him hard. He squeezed the arms of the chair. Meg was moving her small hand up and down the shaft at the same time, and Lola had her hand around another part, pumping just as hard together, doing their best to work him up.

Lola took it out to let Meg suck some more again, and she licked along the shaft and down to his balls. These two girls were good. 

Then Lola stopped abruptly. She got up and lowered her pants. She lifted her leg over him and began to squat. Her pink pussy lips hovered inches over the head of his cock. 

"You just couldn't wait, could you..." Meg shook her head. 

"Shut the fuck up and help me out, please," Lola said, looking over her shoulder at her friend.

"Sure."

She put her hand around Dave's pole and guided it to Lola's hole. She moaned and lowered herself onto it. The head of his cock pushed into her warm, tight hole, splitting her open. 

"Oh God," Lola groaned. "It's so damn big."

She pressed herself down on it slowly. He helped her by taking some of her weight in his hands, holding her by her waist. She put her hands on his chest, arching her back inward and pushing her tits toward his face. He licked her nipples when they got close enough. Lola couldn't help but whimper.

"Feels good, doesn't it?" Meg asked.

"It hurts..." she whimpered as it went deeper into her snatch. 

"It does at first but you'll get used to it."

"I hope so..." her teeth were borne and clenched. 

"You will," Meg ran her hand along Lola's side. 

"Oh yeah..." Dave sighed, released her waist and thrust his hips up. 

Lola yelped and fell forward onto him. She was still for a moment, trying to compose herself when she felt his cock push all the way past her cervix and beyond. She was breathing heavily but slowly evened out her breaths. Then she moved her hips slowly, the both of them began moving their groins in unison.

"It feels so good..." she moaned.

"See?" Meg snickered.

Meg stood up, removed her pants and mounted Lola's from behind, pressing herself onto the back the humping redhead. She put her hands on those hefty breasts and nibbled on her friends neck as she rode the older man. Dave placed his hands on Megs and massaged those breasts. Lola was moving up and down on his lap, faster with each thrust. He wanted to cum inside her. He wanted to cum on her face and watch her lick it off her lips and he wanted to cum on her tits and watch her rub it in her fingers. He wanted to watch Meg lick them clean as he went behind her and fucked her ass like he had done before then returning his cock to Lola and filling her up again. She loved the fact Dave could come some many times and still have enough come for more than one woman. 

They were all moving in a harmonious way, enjoying the feel of each other's bodies as they worked their way to their own individual climaxes. Meg hoped Lola came fast because she wanted some of Dave for herself too.

They head a car pull up in the driveway and they froze. The car door opened and closed. And then another one did the same thing. Lola turned to look over her shoulder. Dave leaned out to look around her. 

"They're back," Dave said.

"What?" Meg asked.

"Shit! My mom's home. You two have to get out of here," Lola said.

Meg jumped up and got her clothes.

"Damn it! We should have started this sooner. I wanted him cum, at least," Meg snarled. "And I thought you said that they wouldn't be back for another hour or so?"

"The rain probably," Dave helped Lola up off of him, his dick flopping out of her pussy. "Cut practice short."

Lola wobbled when she tried to walk over to her clothes, "I wanted you to come."

"I'll give it to you next time."

She retrieved her clothes and tucked her heavy boobs back into her bra. Dave wanted to watch her dress, but quickly put on his pants. 

"Damn, I can't find my fucking panties..." Meg groaned.

"Just put your pants on and get out of here," Lola replied. "I'll get them to you later."

"Okay, okay..."

Dave was already all dressed up in record time. As Meg was fumbling with her shirt, he got her by the wrist and led her out to the fence which he had jumped to get in here. They kept to the wall to be unseen as they heard the front door open and two people enter. The rain made them wet. 

Mrs. Jackson and her second daughter, Haley, were damp from the rain outside. Mrs. Jackson had a bag of groceries that she had bought and Haley was carrying a duffel bag with her clothes inside. She was still in her cheerleading outfit and was socked. Her long blonde hair was sticking to her skin and she was in a desperate need of a dry towel. She was a girl with a smaller body that Lola's but she was still tantalizing and tempting.
