 By the time I crested the hill I was doing a solid eighty. The rain had quit a couple of hours ago and for some reason the traffic was almost non-existent. I had only seen a couple of cars going in the opposite direction in the last hour or so and none going my way. Fantastic, I would make good time getting to Cheyenne. I was going to meet some guys there for a week-long hunting trip that we had talked about for a very long time and I didn't want to be late.

Oh, oh, what was that? I had just passed what looked like a disabled car with a woman alongside of it trying to flag me down. I screeched to a stop and then backed up to her. 

"What seems to be the problem Miss?" I asked.

She looked to be in her late twenties and the tears were pouring out of her so fast she couldn't speak. 

"Miss, get a hold of yourself and tell me what's wrong. Maybe I can help"

"You probably can but I don't have any money to pay either you or anyone else for their help." She muttered.

"First things first. What the hell is your problem?" I asked somewhat roughly.

"This piece of shit of a car won't run. It started stuttering a mile or so back and finally died." She answered.

"Are you out of gas?" I asked.

"I don't know. The gauge stopped working months ago and my old boyfriend never got it fixed." 

Damn, a real brainchild. 

"Look, I have a gallon of gas in a can I was going to use for a small boat engine that we can try and see if it will solve your problem. Hold on and I'll dig it out."

I poured the gallon into her tank and then cranked her engine over for a full minute before it roared to life. I simply smiled and said, "Problem solved."

"No it's not. That may have been the cause but as I told you I don't have any money to fill the thing with fuel and one gallon won't get me very far. Could you see your way clear to loan me enough to fill the tank? "

"Honey, with the price of gas today you are talking about way over forty bucks." I answered.

She shut off her engine and came out of her car and got in my van and said, "I'd do almost anything for the loan."

With that she reached over and had her hand running up and down my upper thigh. The next thing I knew she had unzipped my fly and her hand had pulled my soft cock out. She repositioned her ass to give her room to bend towards me as she lowered her face to my crotch. I instantly felt the heat of her mouth as her lips wrapped around my shaft and her tongue began flicking back and forth over the head of my growing hard on. "Hold on honey," I moaned as I pushed her off me and back up to a sitting position.

"I don't remember agreeing to loan you the money and if I did how the hell are you going to get that junker down to the nearest station that is probably twenty miles or so down the road to fill it. Where the hell are you going anyway?"

"Oh shit, I never thought about getting the car to the station. I have to get to Rapid City, South Dakota for a job interview. It will be the chance of a lifetime for me and if I don't get there the day after tomorrow I'm sunk. How far are you going anyhow?" She blurted out.

"I'm only going to Cheyenne which is about three hundred miles south of Rapid City so I can only give you a ride for a small part of your trip. In addition, I'm going on a week long hunting trip and don't have forty bucks to spare for your gasoline."

"Damn, I was ready to turn myself into a whore with you just to get the money for gas and it wouldn't have worked anyway." She said as the tears started to flow again.

"The only suggestion I can make, and it isn't a very nice one, is that there are three other guys going to be at the hunting camp I'm going to. Between us I am sure we could squeeze out the money you would need for a service truck to go back and get your car and then give you enough money to fill it with gas and still give you enough for gas to get you back home. However, you will probably end up having to service all of us before you go."

"Oh my God. You mean I would have to fuck and suck each of you?" She shrieked.

"I'm afraid that's about it. We are all decent guys so you wouldn't have to worry about any diseases or any of us getting rough with you. It would all be plain ole sex that we don't get from our wives." I answered.

She got very quiet and then said. "Well let me go back to my car and get my stuff out of it in case some asshole likes it more than I do and then get the show on the road. I think I am going to have a very sore pussy and mouth by morning."

As soon as she got in my car I slid the seat back and motioned for her to get back to what she was doing before our big conversation.

Whew, this gal can sure suck cock. She had me harder than a steel rod in a minute or so and then had most of my eight inches deep in her mouth. She moved and knelt up on her seat so she could really get at me and it didn't seem long before her lips were kissing my pubic hair. That was it. She had put her hand down to caress my balls and as she touched them the heat began deep inside of me and I exploded. I hadn't had sex in over a week and I let a huge load fill her mouth and she was doing her best to swallow it but a lot was escaping around my shaft. I reached behind me to the rear seat and jerked a towel from my backpack to wipe up the mess that was starting on my lap. She grabbed the towel and cleaned both of us up pretty well.

"Well, honey, that's one less cock you have to suck but you can bet your ass I'll have it in your pussy or up your ass before this night is over. Say, by the way, I'm Jim, what do they call you besides a great cocksucker?"

"Oh aren't you the real smart mouth. I'm Judy. And I hope you were joking about putting that thing up my ass. I tried that once before with a cock a lot smaller than yours and it nearly tore me apart. In my pussy, yes, but not up my ass." 

"Well, let's see how the night goes." I answered.

We pulled into the camp right at the time the guys were putting some steaks on the grill for dinner and when I told them the deal I had made with Judy Big Sam threw another chunk of beef on the fire and said to Tony, 

"You take over for me now, Judy and I have some business to take care of." As he was saying that he took Judy by the hand and led her to the back bedroom.

I never told Judy how Big Sam had got his name. We had all seen him in the shower and he had one huge cock. I don't think any of had seen him hard but I was betting he had close to twelve inches of hard pork he was about to introduce her to.

They weren't back there for more than a minute before we all heard her shriek,

"I'll never be able to get all of that in me." It then got very quiet but we could hear some muffled sounds coming from them.

It wasn't much later that we heard "Fuck me, Oh yes fuck me with that thing. Oh God, ram it to me."

And ram it to her he must have done before we then heard, "Oh God, I am going to explode. Sam, keep fucking me."

It wasn't much later than they came out and rejoined the rest of us. Sam had a huge smile on his face and she had a glow on hers. We enjoyed our steaks and I figured that before the rest of these guys had opened her pussy up neither her or I would ever feel my cock in her so I took her by the hand and went back to another of the cabin's bedrooms. I didn't know if Sam had worn a condom but I damn sure wasn't going to slush around in Big Sam's joy juices.

I had her strip as she got near the bed and then pulled her down on top of my hard on. 

"Judy, I know that Sam opened your pussy up and I'm not going to try and compete with his cock. I am going to do as I told you in the car and fuck your ass. I want you to suck me to get me rock hard and I am going to use some Vaseline that's here in the medicine cabinet to lube us up. I'm then going to open that ass of yours but I will be very tender and careful not to hurt you too bad." 

"Oh Geez, what have I gotten myself into? Jim, please just let me suck you better than I did in the car rather than fuck my ass."

"Nope, I'm afraid your ass is in for an introduction to my cock."

I smeared a glob on the head of my cock and then down the sides of my shaft before I fingered another glob around and into her puckered asshole. I gave her a kiss while I was doing that to muffle the sounds I felt she would make with even my finger going into her forbidden hole. I rolled on top of her and positioned the head directly in front of her ass and then thrust gently towards it. When the head of my cock touched her ass she retreated back on the bed and said, "Oh God, Jim. You are going to kill me with that and then I wont be any good to any of you."

"Judy, hush. I am going to go very very slowly. As I was saying that I pushed my ass a little harder towards hers and the head of my cock popped in her tight little hole. She gulped and began a scream and I covered her mouth with my hand and then dropped my lips to hers and gave her another huge kiss. That quieted her down and we just lay like that for a minute or so before I began another push into her. This went on for a solid five minutes before I was buried to the hilt. 

"Judy, I am in all the way. That wasn't too bad now was it?"

She was sobbing silently and her whole body was shaking with her sobs. "Jim, it is hurting unbelievably."

"Honey, I am going to start thrusting in and out and I know it isn't going to take me long before I am shooting a gallon of come up your sweet little ass. Just bear with me."

I started long slow thrusts and I had my hands on her tits and my mouth on hers as I slid almost all of the way out of her and then all of the way back in. The Vaseline was doing its job for there wasn't any of the friction there would have been had I been doing this with both of us dry. After a couple of minutes I could feel her throwing her ass up to meet my downward thrusts. She was actually enjoying it.

I dropped my mouth to her ear and whispered, "You are liking it now. Aren't you?"

"It isn't as bad as I thought it would be. Just fuck me gently but keep on going all of the way in and most of the way out. I am going to use my fingers on my pussy to see if I can come at the same time you do."

That was all I need to hear and my thrusts became harder and faster and I could feel her legs wrapping around the back of my upper thighs as I drove my thick eight inches all the way in. She was reaching up and pulling my mouth to hers for one long kiss after the other and that was all I needed to feel before I was shooting load after load deep up her tight little asshole. God, I never felt anything like it before.

"Jim, please do something for me. Please, please don't tell either of the other guys that you fucked my ass. I enjoyed it with you but I never want to do it with any of them. I'll fuck and suck them but not like that. OK?"

"OK, if you agree that before the night is over you will let me fuck your ass again."

"Oh Geez, OK."

"You better make sure you get all of the Vaseline wiped off of you for if any of them feel it they will know exactly what you and I did."

"OK, thanks."

We went back to the guys and Tony took her by the hand and guided her to the third bedroom. It didn't take them long before they were back with a huge smile plastered all over Tony's face. I didn't know if she sucked or fucked him but he was happier than hell. It was Bill's turn next and as I walked past the bedroom they were using I saw him in action. He had her bent over a chair and was pouring it to her pussy from the rear as hard as he could. She was reaching between her legs and had her hand massaging his balls. It didn't take him long before he was bellowing his own loud moan.

All in all I would say the guys were happier than larks.

"Hey fellows, Judy has done her part and now we have to do ours. I'm throwing twenty bucks in the kitty and if each of you do the same she'll have enough to fill her tank to get where she's going and then back home again. If anyone wants to throw in a tip I am sure it will be greatly appreciated."

Judy was all smiles and nodded with glee as I mentioned the tips.

They all reached for their wallets and the money pile grew. Big Sam announced that he wanted a blowjob but not in the bedroom. He wanted the rest of us to watch him getting his pipes cleaned by her. It was going to be quite the sight watching her try to get his huge cock in her little mouth.

She took his cock in her hands and massaged it up and down until it was bone hard. I was right; it looked to be close to a foot long when she finally had him erect.

She wrapped her lips around the head of it and then slid her two hands up and down his shaft. All she could get in her mouth was the head and maybe another inch or two but her hands were working the shaft as if it was in her pussy and he was thrusting in and out of her. She got very brave and swung her pussy around to his face and then took her mouth off his cock to say, "Have something to eat Big Sam. You've earned it," as she dropped her pussy down on his mouth.

Sam didn't miss a beat before he had his face buried in her pussy. He was soon going after it as fast and furious as she was sucking and stroking his cock. I think they both came about the same point in time as we saw her squirming her pussy all over his face as she let out one moan after the other. She then pulled her face off his cock and jerked it off to let it shoot high in the air as he let his juices fly. Both she and Sam appeared to have enjoyed their mini sexathon as they lay back with smiles all over their faces.

"Judy, I just went over the cash kitty and it looks as if you did very well. There is exactly one hundred bucks in it so the guys all must have left you a tip and you now have enough to fill your tank for each leg of your trip. If you want I'll drive you back to your car. We can pick up a five-gallon can of gas at a station along the way and then you can return the can when you fill your tank at the same station. What do you say?"

"Sounds great. Hey guys, I hope you enjoyed yourselves for it was something I'll never forget. I hope you do well hunting."

She and I jumped into my van and headed back to her car.

"Judy, I haven't forgotten what you promised me. I am going to get to fuck your sweet little ass one more time before we part. Remember?"

"How could I ever forget something so memorable?" she joked.

"I noticed an auto rest area a few miles from where your car is and we can take care of that there. The seats in the back of this van all lay flat so we'll have plenty of room." I announced.

"Oh Gee, I'm so excited that you have it all planned out so well," she said with the sarcasm dripping off each word.

We got a five-gallon can of gas at the station enroute to her car and left a ten-dollar deposit on the can and we continued on down to her car. It was right where she had left it without any obvious damage.

I pulled into the rest area I had noticed on the way north the previous night and parked back out of the way.

"Judy, jump in the back and let me reintroduce you to my cock."

"Jim, can't I talk you out of this? I'll suck and fuck you until you can't walk if you will just leave my ass alone."

"Honey, your ass is so tight that it gave me the best sex I have had in a long long time. I need one more just like the one I had with you last night. Let's not talk about it anymore. Remember just how much you enjoyed it also and maybe you can get the pain out of your mind."

"Take off your clothes honey and we can be much freer with our actions. I'll do the same and we can get real close."

While I was taking mine off she had gotten hold of the Vaseline and was lubing up her asshole and when she finished with that reached over and lathered it all over my cock. 

"Judy, let's try it a different way. Get up on your hands and knees and I'll slip it to you from the rear. The only negative is that I won't be able to kiss you this way."

I quickly positioned the head of my cock in line with her puckered asshole and gave a slight push. Her asshole retreated from the intruder and I had to hold on to her hips to get into her. When the head of my cock penetrated she let out a small screech but didn't pull away.

"Great honey. I am going to pull your hips back to me as I push my cock into you. I'll have it all the way in before you even know it."

A minute or so later I was buried to the hilt and she was bawling her eyes out. 

I pulled all the way out of her and turned her on her back so I could kiss her while driving my cock in. I locked lips with her and soon had my cock buried again and moved a hand down to play with her clit. That seemed to soften her reaction to the pain and when I dropped my mouth to her breast and locked my lips on a nipple she was moaning with ecstasy. I few thrusts on my part and she was throwing her as up to meet my every move.

"Jim, as much as it hurts me when you first go in me it does feel good once you get it in." 

"Wonderful Judy for I am about to fuck your ass harder than it has ever been fucked before"

"That wouldn't be hard since I told you an old boyfriend tried to do it to me a long time ago and I made him stop for he was hurting me so much and he had a lot smaller cock that you do."

"Oh shut up or I'll get Big Sam to come here with his phone pole of a dick and have him do you." I joked.

"Whew, he would really open me up. I'd wake up in the hospital with them stitching my rectum for hours."

While all of this conversation was going on I had been pulling her up to me as I was driving down into her. When I was all the way in I reached down and lifted her legs up and got every inch of my cock even deeper than it had been. 

"Jim, that's hurting even more."

"Honey, just lay there and enjoy it."

I was pulling her to me as I thrust in and out as hard as I could and got even faster as I felt the heat start to rise in my balls. It didn't take much longer before I was shooting a long stream of my white-hot come up her sweet little ass and she joined me with her own orgasm a few seconds later.

"Oh God Jim, as much as I hate to admit it, that really felt good."

"Wonderful, we'll have to do it again sometime. Judy, I'd love to fuck your pussy but couldn't bring myself to do it with it full of the come of three other guys. Perhaps when this week is over and you can get cleaned up and completely douche yourself we can get together for a nice dinner with maybe a little sex thrown in. What do you say?"

"I think I would like that." She answered as she gave me a card with her phone number.

You can bet that in addition to getting a great blowjob I'll be fucking her sweet pussy and tight little asshole when we meet again.