 They all had a few drinks before heading down to the lake. The cool mountain air was surrounding the three of them as they laughed and chatted through the trees, following a trail to the water. Finally they had a few days away from work and the stresses of their lives. They had no where to go and nothing that had to be done. All that there was to do was to enjoy themselves and spend time with friends, a group of eight or so were spending four days roughing it in the beautiful cool mountains. This particular trio, bounding through the wilderness in search of a good spot for some skinny dipping was comprised of a husband, wife, and a particularly flirty female friend.

As the tree line gave way to a rocky shoreline the moon could be seen illuminating the crystal clear waters of the lake, the warm air wrapped around their bodies. They each paused for a moment to take in the beauty of the moonlight and listen to the sounds of silence broken only by the far off sound of crickets. Cori grabbed her husband and held him close whispering in his ear about how she couldn't wait to get wet. Just then Claire ran up behind the two of them and said let's go, while pulling her shirt over her head exposing her full breasts. They broke into a run down to the water anticipating how great it would feel to have the cool water around them.

As they all eagerly removed their clothing Chris couldn't believe his luck, here he was about to see two beautiful women completely nude with their bodies ever so slightly lit by the pale moonlight. His wife Cori was usually more reserved and inhibited than this. She was the one to hold back when conversation got to racy and was never the one to expose herself to anyone other than him. He had always wished she would loosen up and be more comfortable with herself. She was beautiful and he never understood why despite his best efforts she did know and show that off more.

Claire on the other hand had always been uninhibited; she was the first to turn the conversation naughty and many times created sexual tension that could be felt by all in the group. She held back little and relentlessly flirted with both male and female in the close knit group of friends. She was unattached at the moment and really as far back as any of them could remember had always been. Claire was open about her attraction to both men and women, something which at first had made Cori uncomfortable, but now left her curious. In fact it was safe for Chris to say the more time his wife spent with Claire the better their sex lives became, a situation that he was totally comfortable and excited about. 

Cori stepped into the water and it felt cool against her toes. She had spent the day in the sun and her skin was slightly burnt. As she slid her nude body into the cool water she felt the pain of the sunburn fading away. She looked behind her to see Chris sneak a glance at Claire, Cori knew he was having lustful thoughts and she smiled as she swam out to deeper water leaving the other two alone to tease each other. 

After swimming around in the water which was now over her head Cori decided it was time to rejoin her husband and Claire. She swam long strokes under the water loving the way it felt rippling along her body. As she neared Chris and Claire she saw Claire half sitting half leaning against a tree stump that was sticking out of the water. Claire's body was glistening as the moonlight washed over her, her breasts were full and firm with perfectly erect nipples. Chris and Claire were engaged in some sort of amusing conversation and as Cori got closer she could hear the distinct laughter of Claire. Claire's laugh was both infectious and amazing. It brought a smile to Cori's face, she loved that laugh. It was quite possibly the most perfect laugh ever. 

Cori walked over to the pair as Chris handed her a beer. She already had a slight buzz but somehow the swim had sobered her up. She grabbed the beer and just as she began to take a swig her eyes locked with Claire's and for a brief moment Cori imagined what it would be light to kiss Claire. She was almost shocked by her quick thought and brushed it aside, that would change the dynamic of the group and she wasn't sure about how she felt about that. Claire had caught the look in Cori's eyes and she recognized the libidinousness of it. Claire sensed the influence she had over Chris and Cori. She had long fantasized about an erotic adventure between the three of them and as she assessed the situation at hand she knew that could unfold here. Between the fact that Chris had politely been trying to hide his swollen cock under the water level and the wanton look in Cori's eyes, Claire felt completely in control.

Chris took a swig of his beer and felt Cori brush against his erect cock. She paused for a moment recognizing that he was aroused. She was excited to know that Chris had gotten hard by looking at Claire, of course he had, Claire's breasts were much fuller that hers and Cori know he was a breast man. Chris splashed the girls and enjoyed watching their naked bodies as they retaliated by splashing him back. He felt his cock swell more and reached his hand down instinctively to stroke it, a motion that was not missed by Cori or Claire. Surprising him, Cori turned to him and looked him the eye with that unmistakable look of desire and teasingly asked him if he was enjoying the swim. He responded by saying that he would enjoy it much more if Cori and Claire kissed. Just as the words left his lips Claire reached across and seductively pulled Cori close to her. She gently stroked Cori's breast pausing at her now erect nipple, giving it a slight twist she asked Cori if she would mind, after all Chris would love it. Cori was no longer in control. Her body was responding and overriding any reservations she may have had. She glanced at Chris and saw the anticipation and shock on his face. He was so going to get off on this she thought as she leaned forward and felt her lips lightly touch Claire's. Cori was amazed at how soft and supple Claire's lips felt. She felt the warmth of Claire's tongue against her lips and she submitted to the pleasure she was feeling. She closed her eyes and let out a slight sigh as she enjoyed her first female kiss. 

Chris couldn't believe he was watching his wife kiss a woman. He had fantasized for as long as he could remember about a moment like this. He gently stroked his hard member as he watched the most beautiful sight he could imagine. The girls were really enjoying themselves their tongues intertwined and hands exploring each others bodies. He walked over to them, not wanting to disturb the moment, but wanting to be a part of it. He slide behind his wife and rubbed his hands along the curves of her waist. He could feel her desire and as he rubbed his cock against her ass he heard her loose her breath for a moment. He slid his hand down her stomach, slowing as he grazed her perfectly groomed mound, slipping his fingers along her clit. It was warm and swollen, gently he slid his finger in and out of her pussy. Cori's breathing increased as her husband fingered her cunt. 

Claire had moved from Cori's lips to her nipple, she was sucking and rolling it around in her mouth. Cori's nipple became more and more erect as it reacted to the experienced tongue of Claire. As Chris nibbled the back of Cori's neck she turned to him and seductively whispered "I want to suck your cock". He wanted nothing more than to feel Cori's mouth gliding up and down along his shaft. Claire overheard their exchange and wanted nothing more than to watch the two of them share this intimate act. Chris positioned himself on the tree stump in a near sitting position. His cock was raging hard with anticipation as Cori first stroked it with her fingers delicately, then slid her warm lips down his rod. She gave great head and she knew it, he had raved about it many times. Chris looked up to see Claire staring intently at Cori's lips as they wrapped tightly around his cock. He watched Claire gently begin rolling one of her nipples around in between her fingers. He could tell she was enjoying this immensely. As Cori worked her hand up and down in unison with her mouth, Chris watched Claire start to finger herself. He could see the glistening wet folds of her pussy lips they were situated just inches above the water, on display for him to admire. He wanted to know what she tasted like.

Cori continued to work her magic on his cock. Sucking and rotating her tongue along the tip, then plunging him deep inside her. He heard Claire let out a moan as she watched and finger fucked herself. That was all he needed to feel himself being pushed over the edge, he tried to hold back. Then Cori pulled her lips away from him and lustfully said "Cum in my mouth, I want to taste your load". He felt his balls tighten and dick spasm as tides of cream jettisoned from deep within him and splashed into the back of Cori's mouth. She paused briefly as she received his wad. Then ever so slowly she slid her mouth up to the tip of his cock and he felt her swallow. God, he loved his wife. 

Claire was impressed and horny as hell. She turned to Cori applauded the excellent act she had performed. Then pulled her close to her and kissed her lips. Claire could taste the saltiness of Chris on Cori's lips. It excited her. Things were just getting started.

Cori turned to Chris glancing at his slightly deflated cock. She gave him a naughty look and suggested he show Claire his skills. Just then Chris grabbed Cori by the waste and positioned her into a sitting position on the tree stump. Then he walked around behind Cori to the back of the tree stump. He swiped his wife's golden blonde hair to the side and began to kiss the back of her neck as he reached a hand around to fondle Cori's breasts. Chris whispered into Cori's ear, urging her to lay back and enjoy something that he and Claire had discussed doing earlier. Cori felt Chris' strong arms supporting the top half of her body as she reclined into a lying down position. Chris bent down and kissed Cori from upside down, he knew she loved that type of kiss. He slide is tongue deep into her mouth, slowly and firmly he fucked her mouth with is tongue, just as Cori felt the warmth of Claire's tongue gently stroking her clit. Claire sucked the juices dripping from Cori's hot pussy, savoring the taste. She took her time exploring every fold of Cori's outer lips. She slowly slid her tongue deep into the warmth of Cori. Then back out again to move to firmly sucking Cori's hard clit. It had been a long time since Claire had tasted a woman and she was rediscovering how much she truly loved it. Chris was loving watching Claire pleasure his wife with her tongue as he twisted and pulled on Cori's nipples.

Cori let on a lascivious moan of pleasure. The feeling of hands and tongues all over her body was almost more than she could bear. Something had taken a hold of her. She was carnal and wanton, begging to be stimulated more. Cori writhed her hips in pleasure as Claire flicked her tongue across her clit. Chris pinched her nipples hard, almost painfully. As he released them the feeling of pleasure began to overtake her. Suddenly a lewd desire that she had never shared with Chris entered her mind. She wanted him to choke her as she came. She wanted him to deprive her of oxygen for a moment. Cori practically shouted out to Chris as an order to wrap his hands around her throat and choke her as she was cumming. He rested her head on his thigh and did as he was told, just as Cori frantically ground her pussy into Claire's face. Cori felt her orgasm taking control of her body, starting with a small tingling in her toes, as she took her last breathe for the moment. She felt her vagina muscles contract as her body began to struggle for air. Her hips quivered as she came hard. As Chris released his chokehold on his wife the blood flowed back to her heard sending the most exhilarating feeling through her body. She sucked in a huge breathe of air and let on the loudest moan of unadulterated pleasure he had ever heard her make. Claire could feel the second wave of orgasm wash over Cori's body as she came again. The juices flowing from her pussy as Claire eagerly lapped them up. It was enough to make Claire want to cum.

Realizing the magnitude of Cori's orgasm, Chris and Claire gave her a minute to slowly moan and writhe in all it's glory. Then as they felt her breathing return to normal they gently rubbed their hands along her body, both enjoying watching her almost purr under their touch as her post orgasm body recovered and re awoke. Cori's muscles quivering sat up and kissed Claire. Cori could taste the sweet nectar of her juices on Claire's lips. In between deep kisses with Claire she managed to utter that she wanted to watch Chris fuck Claire. Hearing this Chris came around the stump to join the ladies, one hand stroking this throbbing cock. He had never seen his wife come like that and strangely the thrill of choking her had turned him on. Claire bent over the stump exposing her needy pussy to Chris. She seductively turned around and begged for him to fuck her from behind. Chris slid his cock deep into Claire's pussy. It was warm and inviting, begging him to fuck it.

Cori sunk down to her knees in the water, barely able to stand. Every muscle in her body tingled and quivered. She positioned herself so she had a clear view of the base of Chris' cock sliding in and out of Claire. There was enough moonlight that she could see he was rock hard, the veins feeding his swollen member were throbbing. She felt her senses temporarily dulled begin to reawaken as she heard the moans escaping Claire's mouth. Claire was very much enjoying having Cori's husband slide his cock in and out her, forcefully and unrelentingly pounding her. Cori slowly slinked under both Claire and Chris' legs positioning herself with her lips onto Claire's clit. Claire released several exasperated oohhhs and ahhhs as Cori stroked her clit with her tongue, while Chris continued to fuck her from behind. Cori sensed from her husbands moans of pleasure that he was close to cumming. She wasn't positive but from the way Claire was grinding her clit into her tongue she sensed that Claire was about to cum too. Cori reached up and stroked her husbands taint and she forced her tongue firmer onto Claire's clit. She felt them both react and loved the sense of power she felt from being in this position. She felt Chris' balls tighten and the large vein at the base of his cock began to pulsate as he shot his cream deep into Claire. At the very same moment Cori felt the walls of Claire's pussy tighten and quiver and Cori felt her own orgasm building deep within her. She felt it ripple throughout her body and let out a moan against Claire's clit as the three of them came in unison.

They separated from the ménage a trios and panted heavily will lamenting to each other how amazing that was. Cori looked into Claire's eyes and once again realized how beautiful they were. Her eyes were blue green and even in the moonlight they glistened. Chris reached around to his wife and lovely kissed her lips and thanked her for the best experience of his life. They swam out to deeper water and floated around and their bodies recovered. Then decided it was time to rejoin the group. As they slowly redressed themselves they promised each other that this was their little secret and that they would have to do this again. Cori and Chris seemed so surprised by their enjoyment and behavior, but Claire thought to herself how she had planned a moment like this since she first met the couple. She loved the dynamic they had and wanted to be a sensual part of it.