 Liz sighed, watching an especially amorous young couple who had obviously forgotten they were on a public beach. He was gorgeous, and as much as Liz would have liked to live vicariously through the redhead he was pawing for a few minutes, she blew her whistle anyway.

The pair looked more than a little embarrassed when they finally realized after the second tweet that the whistle was meant for them.

Shaking her head to toss her tawny curls, a few of which were sticking to her lotion-covered shoulders, she chuckled and resumed her watch.

It was always a mixed bag for Elizabeth whenever one of her lifeguards called in sick. There was a great deal of work not getting done while she sat atop the watch chair, but the scenery almost made it worthwhile. The beach was teeming with muscular, bare-chested young men, and every one was giving his all to attracting the eyes of girls in skimpy bikinis. With a birds-eye view and a perfectly respectable reason to be letting her eyes roam, Liz could drink it all in.

"Damn, those two needed to get a room, huh?"

Liz looked down at the two blond boys standing below her watch chair. They were doing a poor job — probably intentional — of hiding their lusty admiration of her body. Her bikini wasn't much more conservative than those of the daring girls frolicking in the sand or the lake. Though she was pushing forty, Liz had the benefit of good genes and regular exercise on her side. Her ample bosom and lush figure never failed to attract attention.

It was finding time to pursue the possibilities that was the problem.

Giving a nod and a grin, she answered, "Mmm hmm."

The pair laughed and headed back toward the water. Liz just heard the word MILF drifting back to her from their hushed conversation. It wasn't entirely accurate, as she didn't have any children, but she appreciated the sentiment anyway.

Fortunately, the final shift of lifeguards all showed up, freeing Liz to deal with a dozen things that needed her attention. She slipped a pair of shorts and a tank top over her bikini. Upon returning to the concession stand, which also housed her office, she got down to work.

Elizabeth finished updating the accounts in her computer and smiled. Though putting in the golf course around the lake had been expensive, it was proving a godsend. Even in the sputtering economy, the variable challenge and inspired design of the course drew in enough golfers to keep the park profitable. Word of mouth was spreading fast, and tee times were filling up faster each year. Her father had even lived long enough to see his dream come true and play a few rounds before he slipped away.

With a little luck, she would be able to pass a successful park to her nephew when he graduated college. She could then retire with a clear conscience that the park would remain in the family.

The phone rang, reminding her that she still had another year of minding the park before that happy moment could happen. When she answered, the voice on the other end piqued her interest. Troy was the principal of the high school now, but back when they were students there, they had hooked up a few times. As she recalled, the sex had been rather fantastic.

Putting a little flirty excitement in her voice, she said, "It's so good to hear from you, Troy. Where have you been keeping yourself?"

"Work keeps me pretty busy, and it doesn't really stop when the school year ends. That's why I called you, actually."

A little crestfallen that this wasn't a social call, as Troy was recently divorced, Liz asked, "What can I do for you?"

"Well, I just found out that two boys from the senior class cheated on their community service requirement. They had someone sign for eight hours and then went fishing. They're not really bad kids, so I had a talk with them and convinced them to do those eight hours in exchange for me not telling their parents.

"So, I was wondering if you might have something that needed done around there? I know you won't let them get away with cheating, and I thought that you might be willing to keep it a secret."

"I'm sure I can find something suitably sweaty for them to do," Liz answered with a laugh. "I actually have quite a few things that need taken care of, and if I have some helping hands, I won't have to ask the lifeguards to do it for me."

"When can you use them?"

"Now would work." She laughed again.

"Give me an hour and I'll send them along."

"That'll be perfect. I'll leave word with the gate guards to let them in. Just send them to the beach and I'll put them to work."

"I owe you one."

"I'll hold you to that," Liz responded, able to think of several ways to collect that he would probably enjoy as much as she did. "Don't be such a stranger. Bye."

Liz hung up the phone and started drawing up a list, knowing that her lifeguards would go home happy today when they didn't have to stay late after the beach closed at six.

****

The last couple of people trudged up the beach at closing time, closely followed by the lifeguards. As soon as Liz latched the gate behind them, she hurried back to her watch post near the showers.

She couldn't hold back the hungry growl that escaped her when she saw the two shirtless young men raking the sand out on the beach.

Kyle had the lean musculature of a swimmer, his chest bare shaven and his blond hair cropped close. Steve was the complete opposite, hulking large next to his friend with the body of a linebacker and dark curls adorning his broad chest. They were both dripping with sweat in the almost-stifling humidity, and looked absolutely delicious to Liz.

As much as she'd liked to have admired the fine examples of manliness, there was still work to be done. The admissions were already counted, but she'd sent home the cashier from the concession stand as soon as they turned the sign to closed. The only consolation was that the beach would take a long time to rake out, and she had them for another two hours today, with four more tomorrow.

Liz made a mental note to grab an extra pack of double-A batteries for her vibrator before she headed home tonight.

With all the money from the beach in the overnight deposit bag a while later; Liz went out to check on the progress of her strapping temporary help. Only about ten feet of the beach remained unraked, and the bucket of assorted debris looked suitably full. They may have shirked their responsibility before, but the two young men appeared to be making a genuine attempt to do the job right now.

Liz remained hidden in the shadows watching the play of the young men's muscles as they raked. She could hear them talking, but couldn't make out any of the words. Slipping a hand between her legs, she caressed the building need there through the two layers of cloth. It wasn't nearly enough, but that would have to wait until she got home.

Engrossed in watching them and touching herself, Liz barely had time to duck back from the archway between the shower entrances when Kyle bent down to pick up the bucket and the pair turned to walk her way.

Taking a moment to tug her bikini bottom out of the cleft of her nether lips and pluck at the top clinging to her stiff nipples, Liz regained her composure. She walked back into the archway just as the two men approached.

"Good job. Just dump the bucket into the trash can, and then you can take the trash out back to the dumpster."

"Okay, Ms. Wallace," Steve answered, his deep voice sending chills up and down her spine.

"Please — just Liz. Grab the bags from the cans out on the beach, this one here, and the two by the concession stand."

"Got it," Kyle said as he popped the top off the can and upended the bucket into it.

"I'll be in the concession stand seeing what I need brought down from upstairs. Come see me when you finish with that."

Elizabeth turned and walked to the concession stand, letting her hips sway just a little on a whim. They've got me all hot and bothered, so they deserve a little tease to get even, she thought, wondering if they were watching.

Feeling delightfully naughty after her strut, Liz grabbed a pen and paper to take stock of what she would need brought down from the freezers upstairs. It had been a brisk day of business, so quite a few things were running low. She was nearly done when she heard voices emerging from the vent hood over the grill.

Liz had learned the hard way that, when turned off, the hood served as a perfect listening post to hear anyone on the other side of the thick block wall. Her father had overheard some things about her that he really didn't want to know one day when she was talking with a girlfriend outside. She had heard his gasp the same way he heard her, when she was right in the middle of telling her friend about the blowjob she'd given the night before.

Mindful that they could hear her as well as she could hear them, Liz leaned under the vent hood.

"Damn, those are some big tits," Steve said. "I'd like a mouthful of that."

"Did you see that ass when she walked away? Fuck, man. Can't believe my brother got some of that."

"I don't believe it either. That four-eyed geek brother Gary of yours never tapped that."

"I believe it. Have you seen that hottie he's fucking now?"

Elizabeth's cheeks reddened a bit and she had to purse her lips to keep from laughing. The name and description sparked a memory from a couple of years before. She had been working late in her office, more than a little tipsy on wine coolers, when flashes of light from somewhere outside had startled her. When she went out to investigate, she'd discovered a young man in glasses standing on the beach — stark naked — with a bunch of other men snapping pictures of him and laughing from the other side of the fence.

As soon as she had flipped on the security light, the boys outside the fence had scattered. Gary, the unfortunate butt of the joke, had tried to cover himself, but not before Liz had a chance to see something very eye-catching between his legs. The other men had run off with his clothes, so Liz grabbed a towel for him to cover up with while she tried to figure out what to do.

When that towel rose up in tent-like fashion a short while thereafter, she'd immediately come up with an idea.

Gary hadn't been lying to his brother. Judging by the description of his current girlfriend, Liz hoped that maybe she had something to do with him overcoming his near terminal shyness. It would be a pity for such a nice cock to go to waste.

I wonder if it runs in the family? She thought as Kyle mentioned that his brother had told him that she shaved her pussy.

The two men outside were still talking about her when she stepped out from under the vent hood. Once again she caressed her sex through her clothing, thinking that there was an easy way to save the batteries in her vibrator, and they were just on the other side of the wall.

She was lucky that Gary hadn't bragged too far and wide about her alcohol-fueled indiscretion though. No matter how appealing the idea was, she couldn't risk it to lure one of them into a tryst.

Or both.

That thought quite nearly made her gasp aloud. It was a fantasy of hers anyway, and the notion of having two such young, gorgeous men fulfill it was almost too much. This time, her fingers slipped beneath the waist of her shorts and the bikini bottom as well. Not surprisingly, she was soaking wet.

Bringing her moist fingers to her lips, Liz sucked them clean and tried to get a grip on her arousal. She could hear the pair's voices moving away from the dumpster, and that meant that they would be back in just a few moments. A few steps brought her to the cabinet where she kept the trash bags, and she bent down to retrieve them.

Standing up from reaching into the cabinet, she could feel their eyes on her. As she turned, she got a visual confirmation of that feeling when Kyle didn't quite tear his eyes away from her ass quickly enough.

Holding out the roll of trash bags, Liz said, "Put these in the cans and you can both grab a coke and take a break."

"Cool," Steve said as he grabbed the roll from her.

A quiet, purring growl rumbled in Liz's throat from checking out their glutes as they walked out to the beach.

When the pair returned, they both tapped drinks, and then Kyle asked, "Any chance we could jump in the lake and cool off for a couple of minutes? We're both kind of sweaty."

"Not without any lifeguards out here. You can take a shower if you want, though."

Steve shrugged. "Better'n nothing."

I shouldn't be doing this. I shouldn't be doing this, Liz thought, but her feet were already moving as soon as the pair turned into the men's shower enclosure. She flipped off the upstairs light and climbed, heading toward the window facing the beach.

A couple of steps away from the window, she peeked through the glass from behind a stand-up freezer. After what felt like an eternity, she got her reward.

It definitely runs in the family.

Steve and Kyle both had impressive cocks, the long, thick organs swinging with their steps as they walked to the showers. Stepping away from the window a minute or so later took a supreme surge of willpower. The last thing she wanted to do was get caught ogling them like a horny schoolgirl.

Of course, that was exactly how she felt.

As she walked back down the stairs, Liz realized that she'd already gone too far and let her arousal build to a fever pitch. A glance at the clock revealed that there was only about forty minutes left until the pair had served their four hours for the day, but even that long was going to be pure torture.

Elizabeth stayed inside acting as though she was still taking inventory while Steve and Kyle finished their break at the picnic tables. She didn't write a thing in her notepad, though. She was too busy daydreaming about two hard cocks and the studs attached to them.

Kyle's voice startled her out of a vivid fantasy of tonguing his balls while Steve was fucking her hard and fast.

"So what do you want us to do now?"

"Oh — here." She handed over the notepad. "Just fetch this from upstairs. The ice cream goes in that freezer and the meat goes in this one."

She knew exactly where she wanted both the meat and the cream, and it had nothing to do with freezers.

The two young men tromped up the stairs, and Liz wrestled with her inner voice, which seemed to have developed multiple personality disorder. One moment, it was warning her to calm down, and the next it was screaming at her to tear off clothing. Somewhere in the background, her arousal was scheming, and it steadily drowned out the warning voice.

Liz looked up as she stepped into the women's shower enclosure and could see movement beyond the window. There was no turning back if she went through with the plan her raging hormones had brewed. The sound of first one, then the other of the two men carrying supplies down the stairs reached her ears, and Liz surrendered to her need.

Though she peeled off her clothing with almost desperate speed, she sauntered at a leisurely pace from her hidden spot just inside the enclosure to the shower in the far corner. Fighting the urge to look up, she turned on the water and stepped into the spray.

A few seconds later, the chilly sensation of eyes watching her rippled through Liz's body. Leaning her head back, she let the water splash off her abundant breasts and reached up to run her fingers through her hair. A quick peek through those splayed fingers let her know that she wasn't imagining things. Steve and Kyle were both doing a poor job of trying to hide as they stared down into the enclosure.

Now certain that she had an audience, Liz rubbed her breasts beneath the cascading water and slowly turned to give the two spies above a much better view. Her hands slid down her body in a sensual caress to her mound, and she cupped her sex in one hand. The show of wiggling her hand back and forth to wash was actually a means of taming the near painful ache there.

Growing more excited by the moment, she continued the sensual tease, bending to run her hands over her legs, presenting her bare ass to the watchers above. Then, she stood and turned to face them again, this time squeezing her breasts and tweaking her nipples. For just a fraction of a second, her eyes locked with Kyle's, and she let a grin creep across her face as she pretended that she didn't see him.

A quick twist of her wrist a moment later turned off the water, and she saw the two young men dart away from the window above in her peripheral vision. Not caring in the slightest that she was still dripping wet, Liz pulled on her shorts and top, leaving the bikini on the wooden bench where she'd discarded it.

The material of her tank top wasn't especially thin, but the water beaded on her breasts and the hardness of her nipples still served to make the garment almost transparent. The wetness dampening her shorts had two sources, and one was getting wetter by the second.

Caught fast in the grip of her desire, Liz sauntered back to the concession stand. Steve and Kyle were both obviously hard when they turned to face her, their shorts tented from the erections beneath.

"All done?" Liz asked as four eyes homed in on her well-displayed breasts. She tilted her head to the side as if in confusion, making her tawny curls bounce, and then acted as if she'd only just noticed that she was on display for all the world.

"Oh dear," Liz said as she tugged at her top, accomplishing nothing. "I guess I should have dried off before I put this back on, huh?"

Steve obviously knew where she was leading, and he completely abandoned propriety. "I don't know. I kinda like it."

"Flatterer," Liz declared with a dramatic roll of her eyes. Then she looked down at the bulges standing out from both men's loins. "Are you trying to smuggle out popsicles?" She asked with mock seriousness.

"Nope," Kyle answered, giving his package a quick adjustment and grinning from ear to ear.

Liz put her hands on her hips, cocking them to the side. "Well, what are you hiding in there then?"

Kyle responded, "Why don't you come see?"

"Maybe I'll do just that," Liz declared, and then closed the distance between her and the two smiling men. She grabbed the front of Kyle's shorts without preamble and jerked them down, letting out a gasp that was part theater and part arousal. 

"That's certainly not a popsicle." Another tug revealed Steve as well. "And neither is that."

"You can lick it and suck it, though," Steve suggested.

Curling her fingers around both throbbing organs, Liz moaned and stroked them. The girth of them in her grasp made the pulsing ache between her legs even stronger. "You're not all hard for me, are you?"

"Hell yeah," Kyle answered. "You're fucking hot."

"I'm not too old for you?"

"No way," both men answered almost simultaneously.

"Why don't you get them tits out?" Steve tugged on the tail of her tank top as further encouragement.

Liz playfully slapped his hand away. "Not in here," she admonished. The last thing she wanted to do was spend time cleaning up afterwards, and she had high hopes that things were going to get delightfully messy very soon.

She'd taken Kyle's brother into her office after finding him naked on the beach, but it would be a bit too crowded for three, and presented the same problems with cleaning up. The recently added fence around the tables outside provided the perfect solution. Though meant as a wind break, it would serve just as well to hide what was going on from prying eyes.

Liz licked her lips and turned around, pulling her tank top over her head as she walked, Steve and Kyle hot on her heels. Letting the top tumble from her fingers to the ground, she looked over her shoulder to see them dropping their shorts as she finished her hip-swaying walk over to a picnic table to sit down.
