 Chapter 1

I bought out the guy I worked for for twelve years when he finally wanted to retire. He owned a small home repair business that was really kind of a general handyman operation since he took on just about any request that customers came in with, maybe from painting to plumbing repair, wallpaper removal, electrical rewiring, small concrete repair, most things, really.

He had been around and built a good clientele including several apartment complexes and condo associations so when he asked me if I wanted to buy him out, I sat down with him and worked it all out. That was six years ago.

It's done fine, I stay pretty busy which I like, I'm in my mid-forties, so I can still get up and down a ladder okay, you know how it is, right?

The business had grown some since I've owned it, I also now have two full-time guys working with me and we've added quite a few homeowners and single-family landlords to the customer mix as well.

So, people call me up all the time, it's the usual thing, and ask me to come see them to talk about a job and give them a quote.

Any way, this lady called, I could easily tell she was older and asked me over to see some work that needed doing.

I rang her bell, it was a small, older home about two miles from my shop and she let me in.

"Hi, Mrs. Raymond, I'm Perry to look at the kitchen sink and faucets you mentioned." We chatted a few moments and she took me back to the kitchen. As I followed her, I rather admired what I was seeing, yes, she was older, maybe mid-sixties, snow-white hair recently done-up, and a nice trim figure, a petite figure, she was only about five feet or so tall and quite elegant, obviously very attractive in her youth.

"Oh, here it is, I'm just sick to death of it and it leaks and I want it all made new," she told me as I opened the cabinet under and looked around. I told her what the installation would run and told her to pick out what she wanted installed from one of the two major home improvement centers close by and left it at that.

The next afternoon, she called and told me what she wanted which I scheduled for the next Monday.

I arrived about nine and she let me in so I could bring in the new sink and hardware. "And, please call me Jean," she said as I began taking the plumbing loose underneath.

She stayed in the kitchen while I worked, I wondered if she might be a bit lonely, and was busy telling me about her various husbands, three, all told, I think, though she'd been alone now for five or six years.

She also had me look at her bathroom and she decided to put in all new fixtures there as well. So, after I got the bathroom deconstructed, I'd made sure she had another one to use in the meantime, I was finished for the afternoon and was ready to leave. She came in to wish me goodbye and stood there looking a bit odd, then said, "Would you mind, Perry, giving me a hug?"

We had talked quite a bit in the time I'd worked inside her home and I felt like she was a friend so I put down my stuff and put my arms around her and pulled her close. Her breasts pressed into me quite firmly as we held each other, then we let go and said goodbye and I left.

The next morning, I came in and she welcomed me this time with her arms spread open so I hugged her again and this time she pressed her lips to mine and held them there for a bit, just long enough for my cock to begin to lengthen. Then, we separated and I was off to work.

She brought me coffee a while later and we sat there on the floor drinking it as her hand came to rest on my ankle, not a lot but, still, noticeable by a man who hasn't had a girlfriend in a while. When we finished, she gave my leg a soft squeeze and got up and took our cups away. 

She had told me the day before that she wanted to make lunch for us which I thought was sweet and just after noon, she came and got me and took me in the kitchen and sat me at the table while she brought everything over, homemade iced tea and BLT's which had made the house smell so good earlier with the cooking bacon.

We were having a nice lunch, chatting about this and that when I felt her hand settle on my knee. It was summer and I typically wear shorts, so her hand was resting on my bare knee. But not for long. It lifted up and the next thing I knew it settled on my crotch cupping my hardened cock.

"Um, Jean, what's this? I don't understand," I managed to get out through my total surprise that this was happening.

"Oh, Perry, it's been so long, I just wanted to feel how a man is. I'll stop if you want me to," she said softly but her hand remained where it was.

We all know that men usually make their decisions using their head, the one in their pants, so I said, "Jean, just go ahead and enjoy yourself," and smiled at her.

I figured she'd just leave her hand there which was all right with me but, no, she said, "Do you mean that I can take it out?"

Well, I knew that wasn't what I meant at all but, well, come on, what would you do?

"If you'd like, Jean, if it makes you happy."

"Would you do it for me?" she asked so I slid down the zipper and twisted my stiffened cock out to stand up from my lap under the table as her fingers circled it so softly.

"My," she softly gasped, "you're a big man, you feel quite wonderful," as her fingers flexed around me gently gripping and relaxing. Then her hand began slowly sliding back and forth as she began pulling, then pushing.

Yes, it was rather distracting to be masturbated while eating lunch but certainly pleasant, if a bit unnerving.

"Must you rush right back to work, Perry?" she asked as she rubbed my cock under the table. I could easily imagine why she was asking and I told her that I was actually ahead of schedule.

"That's lovely, would you come back with me?" she asked, standing up, taking my hand and leading me back to her bedroom.

Well, I watched her as I walked behind her, she was an attractive woman, no doubt about that, still in possession of a nice figure which I assumed I would be soon seeing.

When we entered her bedroom, remember, I was walking around with my dick out, she turned and sank to the floor, looking up at me to say, "I want to suck this beautiful cock of yours, Perry," and plunged her mouth over me to begin sucking me better than I'd had in many a year.

It was so good that I stood there with my head back and my eyes closed while her lips slid up and back along the shaft of my cock.

Then, she stood up and quickly took her clothes off as I followed her lead getting naked as well. She took my cock in one hand as she swept back the covers in the other, then got up on the bed on her hands and knees, her pussy looking back at me from between her legs, and said, "Come fuck me, Perry, I want that handsome cock of yours inside me making me happy."

I was rather surprised at the earthy language she used but, look, I sure wasn't going to object, would you?

Chapter 2

I knelt right up between her spread legs, wet my fingers and rubbed along her slit then led my cock right up to her plump lips and pressed right up inside as she dropped her head to the mattress.

"Mmm, fuck me slow, Perry, make it last. I love it that way and don't get fucked very often anymore, especially with such a nice, thick cock as yours."

"Mmm, you feel good inside, nice," I told her and she asked, "can you cum this way, doing it doggie-style?"

"Oh, yeah, hon, I can pretty much cum in any position I've ever tried," I told her.

"Well, we can try every one we can think up, you and me, you can have me as much and as often as you want. I hope it's a lot, my pussy gets lonely real easy when it's empty."

I reached under her to hold and fondle her soft breasts, rolling her hardened nipples between my fingers as I rocked in and out of her.

"Mmm, pinch them harder, Perry, really hard, I like it that way," she groaned as I increased the pressure between my fingers.

"Oh, oh, I've wanted this so much, mmm, perfect, I love you fucking me, such a nice cock you have. Mmm, makes my pussy so happy," she said as she moved her hips around in a circle as I fucked her from behind.

It seemed kind of incredible to be doing this, she had seemed so demure and proper when we'd first met but now, well, she certainly did enjoy sex and she knew very well how to give a man pleasure with her body.

"Mmm, fuck me slow, Perry, I want it to last. Oh, my pussy is so happy. I've wanted to fuck you ever since that first day."

"Well, I never expected this Jean, but I must say you're a very desirable woman."

"You mean I'm good to fuck. It's something I've loved ever since the first time and that's a long time ago. And, yes, I just love fucking. I love being a woman with a hot pussy that just loves a big, hard cock in it."

"Well, Jean, I'm loving having my cock in your lovely pussy," I said as I moved back and forth watching my cock slide in and out, all glistening with her juices.

"Mmm, I knew you'd be a good fuck, Perry. I just had to feel that nice cock of yours and now look what we're doing. Mmm, a little faster would be nice, my pussy's just so hot."

Never one to disregard a woman's wishes, I began thrusting a little faster which brought, "Mmm, oh, yes, better, mmm, fuck me, Perry, fuck me, fuck me all day."

"Mmm, I feel like I could, Jean, you really feel good, nice, really tight."

"Never had kids so my pussy's always been like when I was a girl. You sure do fill it up nice, that's for sure."

She was tight, way more so than I'd expected. It was like fucking a high school girl; I know that's hard to believe but I had my cock inside her and that's what it felt like. She was not dry, either, but so wet, she had juices running down the inside of both her legs.

"Oh, yes, mmm, I could do this all day," she moaned as I kept thrusting away.

Well, I was thinking that maybe I couldn't do this all day but it was sure good while we were doing it.

"Mmm, just hold still, keep it in me," she groaned as her butt began twisting around and around on my cock. This was so good. I knew then that I wouldn't last long.

"Oh, yes, yes, UUH, AYYE, AYYE, UUH, mmm, mmm," she cried out as she dropped her head to the mattress and I pushed hard into her letting my cum rocket into her deeply.

"Mmm, cum in me, Perry, yes, cum, cum, give it all to me, I want it," she groaned.
She slipped down on the bed and I followed, still keeping inside her, still fucking slowly, not wanting to stop, really, just enjoying the warmth and pleasure of her holding me inside her.

"Keep fucking me, I'm really close again, mmm, real close, mmm, oh, yeah, mmm, oh, OH, OH, UUH, UUH, mmm, mmm, oh you are good, mmm," and she lay down onto the mattress, keeping her legs wide so I could remain inside her.

"Oh, that was just what I needed. You are so good at fucking. My pussy is so happy, you can fuck me any time you want, Perry, any time at all."

I had softened somewhat, after all, I'm no longer a young guy, but I did keep moving enough to remain inside her and I kept it that way for about fifteen more minutes as she also moved around enjoying my cock.

"Mmm, I wish you could just leave it inside me all the time, even when you leave in the afternoons, just leave it in my pussy, keeping me happy."

"I wish I could, too, Jean, but, well, they haven't figured out how to do that yet."

"Would you give me oral sex before you leave? It's something I'll remember until you come back," she asked so sweetly.

"I'd love to," I told her as I pulled my softened cock out and had her roll over for me.

I knelt down and took a lick on her as she raised her legs up over me, putting them over my shoulders.

"Oh, that's so good, just lick my hot pussy, your tongue feels nice and cool, make me happy, hon, oh, my pussy just loves this," she groaned as I licked and sucked.

Surprisingly, my cock was swelling some, not really hard but almost to the point I could fuck her again. Jean was a sexy woman, maybe in her sixties, but she could easily hold her own with any man, including me. And she was a pleasure.

"Oh, god, oh, my pussy, my pussy, I'm gonna cum, I'M GONNA...AYYE, AYYE, AUUH, AUUH, huh, huh, mmm, oh, so good, so good," she moaned as I lifted up and pushed my cock into her.

"Oh, Perry, you've got another fuck for me? Oh, you dear, sweet man. Mmm, yes, fuck me nice and slow."

She turned her hips onto her side as I fucked into her from an angle while she had her upper leg raised, as she groaned, "Umm, hold still, let me do the fucking," and I stopped while she began thrusting back and forth on my cum-slickened cock.

"Mmm, oh, so good, mmm," she moaned was she fucked on and on, she had more of a sexual appetite than any woman I'd ever known. And, once we had started, she was right up front about what she wanted, the demure elderly lady I'd first met was now a cock-hungry slut.

"Any time you ever get horny, just call me and come by, I'm ready to fuck any time you are, this dick of yours is wonderful. Mmm."

"Well, I get horny pretty often, Jean," I warned.

"You'll never be horny enough for me, I can tell you that. I'd fuck you all day long, just keep you in my bed all the time."

"I need to put you in my phone. So I can call you anytime I get horny, Jean."

"Oh, I'd love that, just put my number under the letter 'F' so you'll remember it."

"Can I guess what the 'F' stands for?"

She laughed as she began rotating her hips around, saying, "Whenever you think of fuck, just hit my number, Perry, my pussy'll always be ready for you."

We fucked for quite a while, after all, I was already pretty well drained by then and she ended up having two more orgasms by the time I left my final deposit of semen deep inside her. Jean was the horniest, most orgasmic woman I ever had the pleasure of knowing. At first, she seemed so proper and sedate but once she sensed sex in the offing, she was the most cock-hungry woman ever to take me inside her body.

My business was good, I had recently hired another guy, now had three out there doing much of the work as I did the estimating and design portions of the workload myself. That did leave me some extra time for two things I was interested in accomplishing: doing some marketing for the business and fucking Jean as much as I could. You surely must understand.

So, one day I finished an estimate and knew I had some free time so I hit "F" on my phone and heard, "Oh, it's you, I was hoping it was you. Can you come over? I've got a surprise if you do?"

"Just what kind of surprise might this be, Jean?" knowing that she just loves thinking of positions we haven't tried.

"Oh, you'll see, you won't be disappointed," and she said she'd be ready for me.

I walked up the steps, opened the door, for by now I always knew the door would be unlocked for me, and went in. I looked in the kitchen, where she often waited for me, then went back to her bedroom. And there on the bed was Jean, naked and sprawled out.

And next to her was another woman, about the same age, also naked and wide open. I'm sure my face showed the astonishment I felt along with a hardening of my eager cock.

"Meet my friend, Penny. Penny, this is Perry, and as soon as he's naked you'll see what makes him such a nice friend. He's the fuck-buddy you've wanted to meet."

"Nice to see you, Penny, um, especially like this," I managed to get out.

"Fuck Penny first, I've told her how hard you are, she's so ready. I called her as soon as I hung up from you, she just got here. So, give her pussy a hot fucking while I use this," Jean said as she ran a vibrator up in between her widespread legs while I got naked as soon as I could.

"Oh, Jean, he's beautiful, look at that cock," Penny said to her friend.

"Oh, I know, girl, I know so well. I've had that beautiful cock in me lots and lots. But never enough," she laughed as I got in next to Penny who pushed me over on my back and got up over me and began sucking me while she swung a leg over and dropped her pussy down for me.

There was a faint aroma of cologne or something as I began on my lover's new friend who was sucking me like a pro. These older women were amazing, just so hot and horny, so eager for sex and so open about their sexual appetites, there was little coyness when they wanted sex, they knew what they desired and their desire was their utmost driven appetite.

She soon pulled up off my cock and swung around over me, straddling me, reaching under to hold me steady as she wriggled her pussy down over me.

"Oh, oh, yes, omigod, Jean, I love him, oh, his cock, oh it's so good, mmm, oh, I love fucking him," she cried out now scissoring up and down on my hard cock.

Penny's breasts were really nice; I learned afterward, that her second husband paid for them be brought back to their original specs and they were really nice, rather unexpected but nice and she was surely proud of them.

My hands were so happy with them, they were upright and round and firm and, like Jean, her pussy was tight, more so than I'd though a woman of her age might be; she was sure good riding my cock like she was.

"You two look so hot fucking like that. I knew you'd like Penny, just be sure to save some of that nice cock for me, hon," Jean said as we fucked away next to her.

"Mmm, I'll try, Jean, you're next, I promise."

"I might want to keep him, Jean, I just love his cock," panted Penny as she rose and fell over me.

"I'll bet you love her nice tits, Perry. She's sure proud of them," Jean said as her friend moved over me.

"Yeah, they're nice but so are yours, hon. You're both pretty hot, you can sure keep me going."

"Her tits are nicer but my pussy's tighter, right?" Jean asked and I, with my dick embedded in her friend, chose the diplomatic way out with, "Now, it's not nice to compare, you're both rather wonderful, if you ask me."

"See what I like about him, Penny?"

"Aw, you like his cock, just like I do, too."

"Well, he does have a great cock, that's true," she told her friend as she fucked me up and down.

Then she began going faster, crying out, "Oh, I'm cumming, OOH, OOH, OOH, umm, mmm," then she just jammed down on me and began twisting her hips around back and forth which did the trick for me as I shoved hard into her and filled her with my cum.

She stayed on me for a few minutes moving just enough to keep me pretty firm, then she pulled off and Jean got up next to me and started sucking my cock.

As soon as I was hard again, this time Jean swung up over me and pressed down onto me to ride me to my next orgasm. Getting me there, she had two herself.

After, Jean lowered down on me, keeping me inside as she slowly moved and Penny also lay next to us while they both kissed me.

I did have a late afternoon estimate to go do so I had to tell them that I would have to leave by four. There was just enough time for me to give each one oral which they both enjoyed immensely. It seems that all three of us were grateful to one another for the good time we'd had and they both told me that each was fully open to sex with me virtually at any time I could get free.

So, a few days later, I called Jean and asked her to go to dinner with me, then come back to my place and spend the night.

When I came by to pick her up, she was dressed very nicely, I suppose if anyone I knew saw us together, they'd think it was my aunt rather than one of my, now, two, hot lovers.

We had a nice dinner then went back to my place and had a rip-roaring night of sex. Jean seemed even hornier when we were at my place and she just hardly let me alone the whole night.

I had in a stock of 'those little blue pills' and she still fucked me silly. I was a weak man who showered with her the next morning as she lathered my limp cock. We got dressed, went and had breakfast, then I dropped her off and went to my shop. I did mostly office work, then at five, locked up and went back to see Jean who, amazingly, was horny as ever.
