 When Layton and I were first married we really didn't know much about sex. It was not that we didn't enjoy sex. To the contrary, we pretty much fucked like rabbits for the first couple of years of our marriage. Then things began to slow down, and after a couple of additional years we were both frankly a little dissatisfied with our sex lives. We were still in love, but the fire was gone from the sex. 

One night after a bottle of wine we finally broke down and talked about it. I guess we were able to openly discuss our frustration because we both have pretty secure personalities. We were pleased to discover that we shared a desire to be more adventurous in our sex life. We knew we had to get beyond the basic missionary position fuck. The problem was that neither of us had any good ideas about how to go about it. 

A week or two later, Layton came home one evening and told me about an Internet site dedicated to erotic stories. He said every kinky idea anyone could come up with was described in delicious detail in story after story. We opened a bottle of wine and our laptops and began reading. 

Needless to say, the sex that night was marvelous, but the real dividends came later as we dared each other to try some of the things we were reading about. First it was just different positions. Then it was oral sex—really, we hadn't even tried that. No wonder we were bored! 

We discovered we both liked the voyeur/exhibitionist stories, but we weren't quite ready to run out and try it immediately. Instead we started out by showing ourselves off to each other. Just walking around naked wasn't the way it worked best. Instead we found that if I dressed provocatively and then gradually shed garments until I wasn't hiding much of anything, I got a real thrill from exposing myself, and Layton got a real thrill out of watching me show myself off. Other times I would dress very conservatively, but without bra and panties, and then I would come up with creative ways to have a wardrobe failure or gradually shed my conservative clothes to expose myself to Layton. It was so nasty, and boy, did it make Layton's dick hard.

We also tried a little roll playing in scenarios in which he was the peeping tom and I was the "victim" who knew she was being watched and took great delight in showing off in a most wicked way. We even tried it the other way, with me as the peeping tom, watching Layton masturbating. Sometimes our voyeur/exhibitionist scenarios would end in mutual masturbation. It was such a turn-on to watch Layton stroke his gorgeous rigid dick, while I sat with my legs spread and a couple of fingers in in my sloppy wet cunt. Usually this wound up with him squirting cum on my tits. Then he would get me off by eating my pussy while I rubbed his cum into my tits. 

We also discovered sex toys. Of course, sex toys are generally for women, but we discovered it was really kinky for me to tease myself with a vibrator while Layton watched (and stroked the enormous hard on he got from watching)—so deliciously nasty! Umm. I get wet just thinking about it. We also purchased a remote control egg that we would use when we went out—the egg in my pussy and Layton at the controls. Honestly, there were some dinners that I have no idea what was served to me. 

We never progressed as far as swinging, but we did develop a circle of friends who had similar tastes to our own. We would get together for parties that would frequently end with everyone fucking and sucking their respective spouse while others watched. We all referred to ourselves as the "therapy group." So, by the time this story commenced, you might say we were reasonably liberal in our outlook on sex.

Another thing we started doing was writing our own dirty stories. Well, actually Layton did the writing. He has the nastiest imagination. I just can't figure out how he comes up with some of the tales he writes. My role is to edit what he writes (he has no clue about commas and his spelling is at best marginal, even with a spell checker) and to get good and horny in the editing process. I'm sure I could get just as horny without adding his commas and correcting his spelling, but we occasionally post one to some web site or other under his pen name, Dread Pirate Robert, so they do need a bit of tidying up. He is quite prolific, so we have several binders of his stories. 

Our next-door neighbors, Richard and Susie, were not part of the therapy group. Richard is a tall, skinny, dour-looking fellow, who never really said much to either of us. Susie can best be described as a very average-looking thirty-something housewife. Short brown hair and a bit plump, but not objectionably fat. She always dressed conservatively and as a result was the kind of person you weren't likely to notice on the street or in the market. Layton always said he thought her extra pounds just made her look curvy in all the right places. Layton follows the "look but don't touch" rule when it comes to other women. He looks a lot and then lets his pervy imagination run. The best part is that he is always willing to share the results with me when we are in bed. It is always a turn on for me to lie naked in bed with him with his hard dick pressed against my ass and his hands on my tits while he tells me about some young tart he saw during the day and the fantasy he had about fucking her while he was riding home on the train.

Susie and I got along, but were not particularly close friends, so I was a little surprised when Susie called in tears one afternoon saying she needed to talk to someone. She came over and, once I got her to stop crying, she explained that her husband had left her—packed up, moved out, and left the name of his divorce lawyer as a forwarding address.

"Wow. That sounds pretty final," I said. 

"Yesss, I am afraid it is," Susie responded. The way she stuttered on her "yes" concerned me. I didn't want her to break down in tears again.

"Would you like a drink?"

"I don't usually start this early."

"You don't usually lose your husband," I responded.

"Good point. Could you make it a double?"

I made us a couple of strong highballs and returned to watch Susie put hers down in a single gulp.

"Another?" I asked. 

"Absolutely."

I returned with another drink and this time she sipped it more slowly and seemed a good deal calmer. 

"Why?" I asked.

"Why?" she responded, not understanding the question.

"Why did your husband leave?" I said, clarifying my question.

"Oh, well, I guess it was my fault."

"How?" I asked imaging some torrid affair. I really couldn't imagine Susie having a torrid affair, because she always seemed very reticent and dressed very conservatively. Maybe it was her husband who was cheating and she caught him. "Was he cheating?" I asked.

Susie wiped the tears from her eyes as she laughed at my question. "Richard cheat? Not a chance. For the last two years I haven't been able to even get him to have sex with me."

How dreadful, I thought. But instead of blurting that out, I reverted to my open-ended question: "Do you know why?"

"Beats me, but after what happened last week, I think he just doesn't like sex."

"What happened?"

She paused for a moment, obviously thinking about how she wanted to respond.

"Well, as you can imagine after two years without sex, I was getting pretty hard up."

"God, I would have been climbing the walls," I said. "Did you try to talk to him about it?" 

"Yes, but he would always brush off the conversation and change the subject."

"So what happened last week?"

"I was desperate, so I went out and bought some really sexy lingerie. It was nice, but you could see right through it. I hoped that would get him to take some interest in me."

"I take it he didn't like it?"

"I guess not. He looked at me for a moment, called me a slut, and walked to his bedroom to pack his things."

"Wow!" Layton calls me a slut all the time, but it's usually just before or while we are having sex in some form or other."

"In some form or other? How many forms of sex are there?"

"You have no idea, my dear." 

I thought for a moment and then proceeded to tell her about how Layton and I had evolved our sex life over the years by reading Internet porn.

"Really? So what kinds of things of things do you do?" Susie asked.

Since we had both had a couple of drinks, I didn't do the careful thing. I just poured us each a third drink and described our sex life—voyeurism/exhibitionism, sex toys, mutual masturbation, our therapy group, and as much more as my wicked mind could come up with. I even told her about our collection of Layton's dirty stories.

After awhile I paused and said, "I hope I am not shocking you?" 

"Well, maybe shocked is not quite the word." She took another long pull on her drink. "Actually you are making me horny as hell."

Now it was my turn to be shocked. I had never heard Susie talk this bluntly and never imagined that she was capable of it.

"Of course, after two years of doing without, it doesn't take much to make me horny," she continued. "But honestly, I had no idea that people could have a sex life like you are describing."

Just then Layton walked in and after saying hello asked, "What's up ladies?" Gesturing towards the empty drink glasses he said, "It looks like you two have a head start on me."

"That would be an understatement," I said, giving him my best sexy look as I said it. The conversation had made me horny, too.

"Well, I'd better catch up," he said as he walked to the kitchen to fix a drink.

Susie started to go, and I said, "No. Please stay for dinner."

She paused for a moment and then said, "Oh, I would like that."

"Pizza okay?" I asked. I was in no mood to cook after the drinks I had consumed with Susie.

Richard returned to the room and flopped down on the couch with a drink in hand and repeated himself, "What's up, ladies?"

"Susie has been telling me about her divorce and her crappy sex life that led to it." Okay, I clearly was feeling the drinks.

"And Sherry has been telling me about your sex life." It was obvious she was feeling the drinks also.

"Oh my," Layton said. "That is going to be hard to top. I am obviously late to this conversation." 

"Not necessarily," I said. "In fact your timing may be perfect." 

"How so?" asked Layton. 

"Well," Susie responded, "Sherry has been telling me about how talented you are about making up porn. She was just about to show me some of your porn."

I wasn't quite sure where that idea had come from, but what the hell, we had both had more than a little to drink, and anything that kept Susie from worrying about her ruined marriage seemed like a good idea for the time being. 

"Layton, be a doll and let Susie see one of your porn collections while I go and get the pizza," I said.

Layton reached up on a shelf and pulled down a binder and handed it to Susie. As Susie curled up in the corner of the couch and opened the binder, he said, "Sorry, but there're no illustrations. I just can't get Sherry to pose nude for me."

"Dream on, Layton," I responded, but secretly I was thinking it would be really kinky to let Layton take dirty pictures of me and use them to illustrate his stories. Susie just looked at us like we were from another planet, which I guess we were for her.

I grabbed my purse and headed out the door to get the pizza as Layton said, "I think I'll get a shower while Susie reads."

Half an hour later I was back with pizza and wine. Layton was just coming out of the backroom wearing a lightweight robe and, I knew from experience, not much else. It was Friday night, and I knew he wanted sex. Susie was stilled curled up in the corner of the couch with the binder, but now she was many pages into it. I handed Layton the pizza and wine and asked him to set it up on the back porch as I disappeared into the back room. I wasn't quite sure how we were going to work around Susie this evening, but I was sure that I was going to have sex with Layton, and I didn't want to wait until midnight. 

When I came out to the back porch, I was wearing a light robe that tied around my waist. It stopped several inches above my knees. If I was backlit, it was essentially transparent. I was naked aside from the robe. 

Our table was small, so we were all sitting close. Layton had his hand on my thigh and I let my robe fall open so he could rub my bare thigh. I could see Susie watching us through the glass table.

"So, how were the stories?" I asked.

"Hmmmm. Delicious," she said as she slurped a slice of pizza into her mouth. The pizza dripped on her sweater and I told her she should take it off before she got more on it. By this time Layton had loosened the tie of my robe so he could look in at my tits, but Susie was getting a pretty good view also. She thought for a minute about my suggestion and then pulled her sweater off and tossed it away from the table. I was surprised to see that she had previously shed her bra.

"You must really have been enjoying Layton's stories!" I said.

"Yes. I just had to rub my titties while I read them," she said with a bit of a giggle. As she spoke she took her greasy fingers and smeared pizza grease across both of her tits.

Layton smiled and slid his hand up my thigh until it was cupping my mound. It felt great. I was getting so fucking horny.

"Imagine if that dunce of a husband of mine could see me now," Susie said as she continued to massage her slippery tits.

"His loss and our gain," Layton responded, as he slipped two fingers into my dripping pussy. Then I let my robe fall off my shoulders and he began to pull on one of my nipples with his remaining hand.

"Sherry, can I see your husband's cock?" Susie asked.

Before I could respond, Layton jumped in blurting, "I'll show you mine if you'll show me yours."

Susie responded by getting up from the chair and slowly stripping off her conservative Bermuda shorts and the panties beneath them. It took her quite awhile to strip her pants off and she was clearly enjoying the rapt attention she was getting from Layton (and from me). When she finished she pulled her chair back from the table and sat with her legs spread so Layton could have a good view of her pussy. It was dripping wet. "Oh fuck, I'm horny!" she said.

Layton and I pulled our chairs away from the table and sat so the three of us were in a triangle and able to get a good view of everyone's sex. Layton was slowly stroking his cock and Susie and I each had at least two fingers in our pussies. 

"So, you must have liked Layton's stories?" I asked, repeating myself for lack of anything else to say as I stared at my oh so conservative neighbor sitting naked on my back porch.

"Ummm, yes," Susie responded, as she pulled her legs up and spread them over the arms of her chair. Now she was looking positively slutty.

"Which one was the best?" I asked.

No one responded as we all continued to masturbate. Finally, Susie said, "Well, there was the one about the detective who was always fucking his buxom secretary and his oversexed clients. Then there was the series about the school teacher who like to show off for people at the Saturday market, and then . . ."

"That wasn't all she liked to do," I interrupted.

"I know," said Susie. "There was a really hot story where she was hiding in a closet watching her boss masturbate while he looked at porn on the Internet." 

Layton was silent, just pulling on his dick and rubbing his precum on the knob while he watched Susie and me.

"Which was the best though?" 

"Well, that would depend on your mood, but tonight I liked the one that described the pool boy fucking the lady who owned the house next door. All I could think about as I read it was how good that nice hard cock would feel in my cunt and how long it has been since I had a cock in my cunt."

"Would you like to have Layton's cock in your cunt?"

"I thought you didn't swing?" Susie responded.

"I think we could make an exception for a special night like this, don't you Layton."

Layton just smiled and nodded as he pulled on his cock.

"Layton come over here and let me suck on your cock to make sure it is nice and hard for Susie."

Layton stood and turned to face me with his cock bobbing before my lips. I sucked him into my mouth and worked the top half of his cock with my mouth and tongue while I stroked the bottom half with my hand. I kept one hand in my pussy and moaned as I sucked his cock. That always made him hard as hell. Susie watched us with one hand in her pussy and the other hand massaging her tits, which were still slippery with pizza grease.

After a few minutes of sucking, I pulled back and told Susie to lean over the table so Layton could fuck her from behind. Susie leaned over and spread her legs, showing us both a great view of her wet cunt. Her tits were sliding across the remains of the pizza as she ground her hips around in invitation to Layton. Layton stepped up behind her and grabbed her broad hips in both hands. Then he slid his hard dick into her cunt.

"Oh shit" Susie cried out. "Fuck it has been so long and it feels so good. Oh fuck!"

Layton began to stroke her with a steady rhythmic fucking motion, and Susie responded by whimpering. Watching them fuck was making me so hot.

Layton just held his pace for several minutes and Susie's whimpers got progressively louder as she neared her climax.

"Oh fuck, I am going to cum. Oh fuck, fuck, fuck! Harder, faster, Layton! Give it to me really hard!"

Layton responded by pulling her hips toward him and really beginning to pound her. After just a moment or two of Layton's pounding, Susie's cries escalated to a scream as she climaxed. I knew I wasn't far behind her, as hot as I was. Layton hadn't cum yet and he paused his thrusting as Susie came down from her climax.

"Layton! Get over here and cum on my tits. I can't last much longer," I said. 

Layton pulled his dick out and stood in front of me. I sucked his dick into my mouth and pulled it as far down in my throat as I could get it. Layton was fucking my face as he pushed his hips back and forth. Then he pulled away saying, "I'm going to cum, Babe. Where do you want it?"

I spread my legs over the chair arms and slid two fingers of one hand into my pussy while the other hand rubbed my rock hard clit. "You know where I want you to shoot your load. All over my big soft tits," I said as I watched him yank his cock towards a climax. I knew he was close, and so was I. I looked over at Susie, who was casually finger-fucking herself as she watched us. Then I felt the first spurt of Layton's hot cum on my right tit and that set me off. I cried out as my climax swept through me, and I heard Layton groan as he continued to squirt stream after stream of hot slippery cum on my tits. 

Layton flopped down in his chair spent, and I heard Susie say to me, "Wow, that was fantastic. Sherrie, you're a mess," she said with a giggle.

"So come over here and clean me up. You can eat a man's cum and suck on a woman's tits, both firsts for you I bet."

Susie popped out of her chair and leaned over me and began cleaning up Layton's cum from my chest. Then Layton and I reciprocated by licking the pizza off Susie's chest. 

The night went on from there.