 Hema walked through the door home from a long day at work just in time to hear the phone ring. "I wonder who that could be," she thought as she hurried to the phone.

"Hello," the beautiful young wife said.

"Hi Hema," returned a male voice.

Hema said pleasantly, "Oh hi Srini. I'm afraid Balu isn't here. Tonight he has class." Srini was a friend of Hema's husband and was a real estate broker.

Srini replied, "That's OK Hema. Actually, it was you that I wanted to talk to."

Srini had been after Hema to help him show property for some time. Srini knew from watching other female agents that Hema had the potential to be a good agent. She was young, only 26 years old and a bit shy but she had a pleasant personality. 

The thing that convinced Srini of her potential was her looks. Hema was a very attractive woman. Srini just knew that she could charm the socks off any prospective male buyer. 

She stood 5'4" with gorgeous legs and a 38DD-26-38 figure. Her reddish brown hair framed a beautiful face and hazel eyes. So far Srini had been unable to interest Hema in changing careers.

Srini continued, "Listen, I have an opportunity for you and I think you'll like it."

"You want me to show a house," guessed Hema.

"Yes, but before you give me your answer hear me out," said Srini.

"OK," said the tired wife.

Srini continued, "I have a client named Suman Sharma who is in town looking at houses. He's fairly young and yet he's looking at property in the 400 thousand range. I'd show the property myself but I've got a conflict this evening. You're my only hope. If you make the sale I'll give you three percent of the sales price. That comes to about twelve lakhs. What do you say?"

Hema was dumbfounded, "You mean twelve lakh rupees?"

"That's right," confirmed Srini.

Hema thought for a moment about how she could use that money before saying, "What do I have to do, Srini?"

Srini replied, "I have two properties for you to show him. All you have to do is open the door and lead him through each one. Point out what catches your eye in a positive way. Both places are empty so you won't have owners to deal with."

Hema said, "Sounds pretty easy."

Srini continued, "It should be a snap. If you can get him to buy one of the properties the commission is yours."

Hema thought for just a moment then said, "OK Srini, I'll do it. What's next?"

Srini replied, "I'll call Suman and tell him that you'll meet him at his hotel at seven then I'll drop over the packet of all you'll need. Sound OK?"

"Sounds fine," answered Hema.

Srini added, "Oh, and Hema, Suman is the type who appreciates an attractive woman. Put on a nice outfit if you can."

"OK Srini," said Hema a little annoyed.

"I'll see you in a half hour with the packet," said Srini before hanging up.

"Nice outfit," Hema said to no one still a little annoyed. She didn't really like the idea of dressing up for a man other than her husband, but for twelve lakhs it was worth it.

Hema headed quickly for the bedroom. She took off her clothes and stepped into the shower. Ten minutes later she had dried and was going through her closet looking for the "nice outfit". Hema naturally assumed that Srini had meant "sexy outfit". After a few moments she found what she thought Srini had in mind. It was one of her husband's favorites.

Hema started with a matching white bra and panty set. The panties were a very brief thong variety and the bra was lacy and sheer. Over the bra Hema put on a figure hugging white blouse. She added a pair of self-supporting hair simmering band. Hema finished with her red saree and inch red heels. The petticoat was short and came to mid thigh and the blouse was backless cut to her waist. Hema's large bulging bust put quite a strain on the blouse buttons. The overall effect was that of business attire but very very sexy business attire.

Hema checked herself in the mirror for a moment and felt satisfied that Srini would be pleased. She finished applying her makeup and fluffing up her hair just as he rang the doorbell.

"Wow," said Srini when Hema opened the door. "You look wonderful,just perfect," he added.

Hema blushed and said, "Thanks, Srini, please come in."

Srini walked through the door watching Hema's fantastic ass as she showed him to the living room. "This is going to work out great," he thought. 

He hadn't said anything to Hema about the fact that his client had asked that Srini find a hot babe to show him around. Srini knew about Hema's shy and reserved nature and didn't want to frighten her away from the task at hand.

They sat down together on the sofa and went over the floor plans and contracts. 

Srini couldn't resist sneaking peeks at Hema's great figure as they talked. "Balu's a lucky fellow," he thought. After fifteen minutes Srini had to leave for his engagement. He noted that Hema seemed enthusiastic about the showing. Srini was pleased with that. 

No sourpuss ever sold anything.

As Srini left the house he said, "I'll be done around 9:30. I'll check back here then."

Hema said cheerfully, "Thanks Srini. I appreciate the opportunity you're giving me."

As Srini waved goodbye, he thought to himself, "Its me who should be thanking you." Srini knew that Suman Sharma would not be a buyer without Hema's help. 

It suddenly occurred to him that Suman may have had something else in mind when he requested that a hot babe show him around. Srini dismissed the notion and headed off to his engagement.

Hema was standing in the lobby of Suman Sharma' hotel when two men approached. Hema had told Suman when she phoned from the lobby that she was wearing red. It really wasn't necessary because she was the only woman waiting in the lobby.

"Hi Hema," said Suman.

Hema jerked around, slightly started and paused while she took in the man offering his hand. Finally she lifted her hand to his and said, "Hi, you must be Mr. Sharma." Hema was not expecting the very handsome man now standing before her. 

She felt the rush of blood through her veins. Suman Sharma appeared to be in his early thirties with sandy brown hair and crystal blue eyes. 

He was tall and very fit and was dressed casually in shorts and a golf shirt.

Suman smiled and said, "Mr. Sharma is my father. Please call me Suman." He gestured to his companion and added, "This is my business associate Rashid Qureshi. He's here to keep me in line."

Hema turned to look at the man and found him to be equally attractive. She smiled a little nervously and said, "Its nice to meet you.."

"Rashid," he interrupted. Rashid was dressed similarly to Suman. Hema wondered now if she was a little too dressed up. She noticed both men looking her body over in the way that men usually did.

"Rashid," she agreed with a nervous giggle. Hema felt the heat in her cheeks and new that she was blushing. She realized that despite her saree attire the men seemed to be pleased with her appearance, must be the backless blouse and the saree itself, gone was the annoyance that she felt earlier about having to wear a "nice outfit". Now she felt proud of her figure and was pleased that the men had noticed. She felt a tingle between her legs. She tried to ignore it.

After the awkward pause Hema said, "Gentlemen, if you would like I can drive you to the properties that Srini suggested."

Suman responded, "That won't be necessary Hema, my driver Bhiku can get us there if you give him the directions."

Hema and the two men left the hotel through the front door and found Bhiku and a stretch limousine parked at the curb. The large Tribal man quickly opened the door and Hema disappeared into the car. Before both men entered, they gave each other a wink. 

They were very pleased with their hostess.

Hema learned on the way to the first property that Suman wanted this house for the occasions when he would be doing business in town. 

It seemed that Mr. Sharma was very wealthy and had homes in several cities. He required a home that he could entertain in and wasn't interested in anything that was suited for a family. He was not married. 

They arrived at the first property and Hema began her best sales pitch. She was a little annoyed that the air conditioning was not operating as it was early August and very hot. After ten minutes of the sweltering heat Hema asked the men if they would mind terribly if she removed her jacket. Both men quickly made it plain that they wouldn't mind one bit. 

Hema smiled nervously at their eagerness.

Rashid offered to hold Hema's information folder as she unbuttoned her jacket. Both men sighed as the bulge of her magnificent bust was uncovered. The shear blouse did little to hide the lacy bra underneath and the red saree was more disturbing and little assistance. Hema removed her jacket, folded the garment over her arm and thanked Rashid for his assistance with her papers.

Suman and Rashid followed Hema around the house as she pointed out things. They looked at her as much as the house. 

She was not oblivious to the looks they were stealing. She felt flattered at the attention. She felt good knowing that the two handsome men appreciated her body. Hema could now feel dampness between her legs. She reminded herself that she was a married woman but the tingle between her legs persisted.

It became clear soon enough that this property was more suited for a family and not for a bachelor using the place for business entertaining. Hema suggested that they move on to the next property. As Hema approached the car Bhiku held the door open. 

It was clear from his expression that he liked Hema better without her jacket. Suman winked at him as Hema entered the car and Bhiku returned the wink.Ten minutes later they were standing in front of the second property.

This house seemed to suit Suman's needs more. Hema was thrilled when Suman said, "This is exactly what I'm looking for." She could feel that twelve grand in her hands already and was thinking of ways to spend it. 

Finally Suman suggested that they find a place to talk about the terms of the sale. He asked Hema if she could suggest a nice restaurant for them to get a bite and talk.Moments later the trio was seated in one of Hema's favorite places. 

They had a nice meal and spent most of the time talking about the city and Hema. She found herself enjoying the two men'sattention a great deal. After a couple of glasses of wine Hema had really loosened up. Suman and Rashid noticed this and began to compliment Hema on her beauty. She returned the compliment suggesting that a woman couldn't have two more handsome companions.

After Hema had finished the compliment she wondered how she could have been so bold. Too many glasses of wine were the answer but she didn't seem to care. 

She was having a great time and she liked the two men. She liked them a lot. Hema couldn't help letting her eyes linger over her companion's bodies. She sensed that the crotch of her panties was now soaked. She couldn't remember that happening since the first few dates with her husband.

Hema struggled to get a hold of her own self and despite her shy nature she was a very passionate woman. Until tonight that passion had been directed solely at her husband Balu. Hema couldn't believe how wonderful she felt being with these men. 

Finally she managed to collect her thoughts. She realized that there was business to attend to. One positive effect of the alcohol was added confidence. She was now determined to do whatever was necessary to make the sale. That very thought caused yet another tingle to be felt between her legs.

Hema chose a lull in the conversation to say, "So Suman, can I get you to sign a contract on the second property."

Suman smiled at Hema and her direct question and said, "Hema, I like the house a lot but I'm not sure I can agree to all of the details of the purchase."

Hema looked into Suman's eyes and said, "I see." After a moment she added, "You are welcome to make any offer you like."

Hema thought to herself, "I wonder what would satisfy him."

Suddenly, an amusing thought crossed her mind. She made a mental note to try to suppress her hormones.

Suman noticed a little gleam in Hema's eyes. He frowned, looked away from Hema and said, "Well, I would like to discuss a few points with Srini if I could."

Hema glanced at her watch and replied, "Srini is supposed to meet me back at my house in a few minutes. I would be happy for you to come by and discuss this further with Srini if you're sure I can no longer be of assistance." Hema surprised herself again with the suggestive comment. 

She couldn't believe the effect these men were having on her.

Suman's attention returned to the beautiful woman as she spoke. He thought he noted a suggestive smile at the end of Hema's last statement. He wondered if the assistance that she implied was the type that he really wanted from her. Suman wasn't sure. Hema had been very business like and her manner, until recently, had been a little reserved if not shy. 

Was it possible that she would use herself to close the deal and he decided to play out this possibility, Suman looked seriously at Hema and said, "It's possible that you can satisfy my needs, Hema and if you don't mind perhaps we could go to your home and discuss things further. If I'm not satisfied then maybe Srini can work things out."

Hema allowed a brief smile to form before she said, "That would be fine with me." She added, "Oh, would you drop me back to my car at the hotel?"

Suman replied, "Ah, don't worry about it. I'll have Bhiku see to it that its delivered back to your home safe and sound."

Hema smiled and thanked Suman. He called for the bill and twenty minutes later they were sitting comfortably in Hema's living room. Suman and Rashid sat on the sofa and Hema sat in a chair facing the two men. It was well past 9:30 and Srini hadn't arrived yet. 

Suman had already explained to Hema that the financial aspects of the deal were not a concern.

This bit of information confirmed the suspicions Hema had about this deal. 

She thought back to the conversation at the restaurant. She recalled the looks she received from the two men and the fact that Srini had requested that she handle this showing. It was all pointing to one thing. Hema knew what was at stake and what was necessary to close the deal.

Hema asked, "What have I missed? Are you sure there isn't something I can do to help you make your decision?"

Again, Suman noticed that smile. He also noticed that several buttons on Hema's blouse were now undone displaying a heavenly cleavage. Suman looked up at the ceiling and calculated his statement. 

Finally he said, "I think there is something you can do, Hema. I am aware that you stand to make several thousand dollars commission on this sale. I'll see to it that your commission is doubled if you satisfy my conditions for purchase."

Hema uncrossed her legs and then crossed them again allowing her short skirt to ride up. She smiled as she played with the next buttoned button on her blouse and said, "That's very generous Suman.

You can count on me to do whatever is necessary to make the sale."

Suman and Rashid sat on the sofa watching Hema play with her button.

Suman said, "I'm very glad to hear that Hema." As Suman spoke, Hema began to slowly unbutton the remainder of the buttons on her blouse. 

Suman continued, "I can see that we think alike. I am certain that it will be a great pleasure doing business with you."

Hema stood up in front of the two men and removed her saree and the blouse. Again the two men sighed at the site of her fabulous bust now only covered by her lacy strapless bra. With only a small pause, Hema began to slowly lower her short petticoat. 

Suman and Rashid took the opportunity to remove there cocks from their shorts while Hema did her strip tease. Suman still wasn't quite sure if Hema intended more than just a strip tease. He hoped that she was savvy enough to know that his intentions were to have sex with her.

When Hema caught site of the two large specimens of cock flesh her passions ignited. 

Hema swooned and began to rub her very wet mound. Her other hand began to pinch her nipples, first one then the other. She no longer remembered who she was. The alcohol and the circumstances had turned her into nothing more than a female in heat. She could think of nothing more than those two big cocks and her very wet cunt.

Suman stroked his big cock as he watched the beautiful and sexy woman rubbing herself before him. He was rock hard and ready. Hema couldn't take her eyes off Suman's eight inch pole. Slowly she moved closer to Suman until she stood over him. Hema looked Suman right in the eye as she rubbed her cunt with her right hand and massaged her big tits with the left.

Hema broke eye contact and looked down between her heaving tits to her mound. Suman's eyes followed as did Rashid's. 

Slowly, Hema pulled aside the panties covering her cunt showing the men what was underneath. She used both hands to open up her slick opening so that both men could see just how hot and juicy she was and as Suman watched the wonderful site he noticed that Hema was getting closer and closer and soon her slick opening hovered over his very hard cock but only for an instant.

A second later Hema had impaled herself on the shaft. It slid into her buttery hole with no effort at all. "Oh YES," she bellowed. To make the sale Hema WAS willing to go all the way. Her reward was an instant fiery burst of sensations that consumed her. 

Hema's orgasm was one of the largest that she could remember when she could remember again. Suman held on tight as she shook and vibrated from her head down to her toes. He'd never seen anything like it.

Hema began to frantically bounce up and down on Suman's cock. She made grunting noises with each plunge. Suman reached around and unhooked Hema's bra. She pulled it the rest of the way off allowing her big tits to escape. Hema pulled Suman's head into her bosom and smothered him as she pumped up and down on his shaft. Suman had remarkable staying power considering the treatment he was getting from the sexy overheated woman.

Two minutes later Hema was again climaxing. She screamed, "God, it feeeeeellllss ssoooo gggoooooddd." Once she had returned from bliss, Suman pulled her off his cock. Hema was clearly disappointed. 

Rashid got off the sofa to give the couple more room. He sat in the chair and watched as Suman removed Hema's panties and then pulled her pussy over his mouth. He had to taste what had been giving off that wonderful aroma. Hema's sex was covered with the juices of two orgasms. Suman dove in and was soon in heaven. Hema moaned loudly as his tongue began to work on her clit.

"That's it. Lick it. Oh, that feels so wonderful," said Hema. She mashed her pussy into Suman's face to make tighter contact. Hema finally opened her eyes and noticed Suman's throbbing cock in front of her. She pulled herself into the classic 69 position and began to return the favor to Suman. She slurped his cock with abandon. 

After licking the shaft from head to balls, she took the shaft into her throat and just held it there for safe keeping. Hema concentrated on the wonderful job Suman was doing on her clit while squeezing his cock with her throat muscles. Finally, she came up for air before running through the same routine again.

Suman couldn't believe what Hema was doing to his cock. He knew that if she kept up this treatment that he would blow his load.

Hema paused as she licked Suman's shaft to examine his large balls. 

She observed, "Oooh Suman, it looks like your balls are swollen with sperm. God, I'd love to have you fill my body with your cum."

Hema's words inflamed Suman. They also perked Rashid's interest. What male would dismiss a female's craving of his sperm and it's biology. If a female wants it then she should have it. Suman lifted the still slurping Hema off him and laid her on her back on the sofa. He wasted no time in burying his cock deep inside Hema's pussy. 
