 Lynn and I have been married for forty-one years and even though we're in our sixties, I'm sixty-five, she's sixty-two, we sure haven't given up on sex. For her fortieth birthday, I gave Lynn a new pair of boobs and she did it just right, had them brought back up to spec without blowing them up like a porn star. So, naked, she looks good, really good.

For me, even though my cock was still cooperating and I could give Lynn a good fucking, I got some of those pills so we could continue our marathon sex on weekends.

That ended a couple of years ago when we sold our business and retired. Now our marathon sex is all week long.

We have always put our sex as a high priority and love to tease one another by touching or exposing ourselves whenever the mood hits and it hits often. You see, Lynn had always had a high sex drive that has only seemed to grow rather than diminish like some of her friends.

So, we are fucking all the time and when we're not, we're playing with each other or giving oral or masturbating each other. I usually get a hand job during the news each night, just don't tell Brian Williams.

We've lived in the same house for fourteen years now and we've had the same neighbor, Nina, all that time.

Nina and Lynn are good friends and they have coffee all the time. She's a few years older than we are and this all started about a week before her sixty-eighth birthday.

Lynn came back from having coffee and told me about her upcoming birthday, complete with a suggestion to commemorate the event.

"You should fuck her silly for her birthday, Hank, really give it to her and make it an all day affair."

"Whoa, where the hell did this come from?"

"Oh, she was telling me how much she's missed sex since Herb died."

"Geez, that's eleven, twelve years ago," I added.

"Yes and she's just gotten herself off ever since. Well, except for a woman friend she just told me about. Seems that our neighbor is bi-, another thing we have in common."

I knew from the first time I met Lynn all these years ago that she was bisexual, after all, I met her with her girlfriend so it was pretty apparent from the start. Over the years, Lynn has had some girlfriends and there have been a few that we've had threesomes with, so it's nothing new to me, for sure.

"So, what did you do, offer me to her for her birthday?"

"No, no, I didn't say anything but I thought I could make her a cake and we could take it over and, well, we could both give her a day she'll remember."

"You mean just like that? Both of us like all day long?" I asked, rather amazed.

"Sure, she's just told me how much she misses sex. So, we should be more neighborly, right?" Lynn asked me.

Well, look, we had certainly not had a closed marriage by this point, no, early on, we used to swing with the best until the scare of all the diseases and stuff killed it for us.

But even after that, we did add people to our sex who were carefully chosen, we just kept the list a lot shorter than it used to be.

"If you think she'd go for it, well, it's fine with me, Nina is an attractive woman and, you know me, right?"

"Oh, I know you so well, Hank. I knew you'd love the chance to fuck Nina. In fact, just talking about it's made me horny. How about you pretend I'm Nina and it's my birthday. Let's go fuck."

See, that's what Lynn is like, always up for it so we went down the hall to our bedroom and fucked until lunchtime. Then we had a naked lunch and went back for more. Retirement's all it's cracked up to be, trust me.

So, on the following Thursday, Nina's birthday, Lynn called her after lunch and told her she'd baked her a birthday cake and we wanted to bring it over.

Before we could even ring the bell, Nina opened the door to let us in.

"Oh, that's so sweet, you really shouldn't have. You two are so nice," she said as we went back to her kitchen.

"Well, Nina, I made the cake but Hank has something for your birthday, too, go ahead and show her, hon," Lynn said as I pulled the sweatpants down that I was wearing. I rarely wear briefs, after all, it just slows things down.

"Oh, my," she laughed, "that's quite a present. I haven't had one of those in a long time."

I was pulling off my teeshirt while Lynn was also getting naked.

"Let's leave the cake here and take us to your bedroom, Nina, so we can all have some birthday fun," Lynn asked her.

"Oh, this is my lucky day, follow me," she said as she began shedding her clothes.

Once in her room, we both embraced her, kissing her, our hands moving over her, as she held us both tight.

"Do I get you both? I do like men and women, you know?"

"You told me the other day, Nina, I happened to be the same way, so, yes, we're both here for you. We hope you're really horny."

"Oh, I am, I always am and with your hands all over me, oh, let's get in bed," she gushed as she whipped the covers away and hopped in the middle as we got on either side of her.

We were both touching her, rubbing her all over and she quickly spread her legs open for our hands and fingers to pleasure her. She had a hand now on my cock and her other one was fondling Lynn's boob.

"I like how you shave, Lynn, it looks so nice that way. I've never had any reason to bother but, well, maybe I should, huh?"

"We could shave you right now if you want?" my wife asked her.

"I hate to stop this but, well, what do you two think?"

"We have all day, Nina, even all night, too, so let's go do it," Lynn said and we all got up and went in her bathroom and got her razor and shave gel.

"Maybe we should take turns licking you there to get you all moisturized first?" Lynn suggested and knelt down between Nina's legs to lick and tongue her as I stood there while our neighbor played with my cock.

I leaned over to tongue her mouth and play with her boobs as Lynn ate her. Then, we switched places and I began tonguing her furry pussy as Lynn kissed her and they fondled one another.

I lifted up off her and took the gel and sprayed some between her legs and began shaving inward while they continued their play together. I got her nice and smooth, then ran the water until it was warm and got a face cloth to wipe her clean with.

Then we both pulled her up and said, "Let's see how you like it" and led her to the full-length mirror.

"Oh, I love it, makes me look younger, doesn't it?"

"Come on, a good fuck from Hank'll make you feel younger, too," Lynn said as we returned to her bed.

She lay down and spread open for me, offering me her newly-shaven pussy and I got up between her legs, placed my cock right at her opening and began pushing forward watching it enter her as she and Lynn made out.

I pushed right in up to the base and held myself deep in her for a minute, giving little thrusts to stimulate her deep inside. Then, I withdrew almost completely and began sliding back down deep again. I kept taking these long, slow strokes while she and my wife had their fun; I must say, our neighbor was nice and tight, she was making me feel pretty good and it was her birthday after all.

The two women were giggling like schoolgirls, having a great time, whispering, kissing, having fun. Then, Lynn got up and moved up to the head of the bed and straddled Nina's head, lowering down to offer her pussy for licking while I fucked her.

That afternoon, I learned that our neighbor of fourteen years is a screamer when she cums even when she's got her mouth covered in pussy.

Right after I got her off, she gave Lynn an orgasm, a good, solid one, I could tell, and I kept fucking her until I cummed, then we all got back together and snuggled and had fun.

"This is the best birthday ever. You two just know how to make a person happy," she said as she kissed us both.

"Well, it's not over yet, Nina," my wife told her as she got down between her legs and began eating out her cummy pussy.

"Oh, you two are just the best. Come up here, Hank, I'll suck that," she moaned and I got up moving my dick to her mouth which closed around it and began sucking.

It wasn't long before Lynn gave her a terrific orgasm, I really do believe that women know best how to please another woman, especially after watching Lynn doing several girlfriends over the years.

Our birthday girl had sucked me nice and hard so I had her get up to do her doggie-style.

I pushed into her, sliding right in so easily on the cum I'd left there earlier as Lynn got up leaning her back against the headboard as Nina moved between sucking her boobs and licking her puss.

"You have the nicest breasts, Lynn. You look so young, must be good genes, huh? Wish mine were that nice," she said as Lynn and I laughed.

"Hank gave them to me for my fortieth birthday and he's enjoyed them ever since," she snickered.

"Oh, she's right about that. We've got a nude beach we go to and Lynnie gets lots of looks. Guys and gals both. She usually manages to attract a few of each for us to have fun with," I told her.

"So you had them fixed, like with plastic surgery?"

"Yeah and twenty years later they're still pretty nice, huh?" Lynn asked.

"They sure are, even feel right, I can't tell any difference," Nina said. "I might just use some of the money Herb left. I'll bet he'd like me to have such pretty boobs again."

"Oh, you should, Nina. I get such looks when we go to the nude beach, whistles even. Had one woman, Lucille, ask if she could feel them. I let her do a lot more than that," Lynn chuckled.

"I remember her, tall willowy blond, she had some great boobs herself," I added.

"Oh, she did and the biggest clit I've ever seen. If you sucked on it, it grew like a penis, it actually hung out from her labia when you got her turned-on. She loved to walk the beach with it all hard and erect."

"I think these nice boobs of yours have gotten you some fun. I'll have to have mine done, too. Maybe as a birthday treat for me...well, and you two as well, once they're done. I hope we'll be doing this again, not just this one time."

As I slid back and forth in and out of her, I told her, "Oh, I think we can do this a lot if you want, Nina. Lynn and I are pretty active in our sex life, we like it just about as much as is possible I guess."

"I'd love it if you could include me in it some. I don't want to get in the way but this is sure fun."

"Oh, you wouldn't be in the way at all, Nina, I know Lynn loves some woman-on-woman sex at times and, well, I sure am enjoying this so you've got my vote," I told her.

"I'd love nothing better, you two. Everybody but people our age think we've lost interest in sex but we know better, don't we?" our birthday girl said while she moved her pussy around while I fucked it in and out. There was cum and pussy juices drizzling down her legs from the fun we'd been having and she just felt so good and slippery to fuck.

Lynn slipped under her to suck her nipples while I continued doing her from the back and I saw that my sweet wife was also rubbing our birthday girl's clit as she began to moan and groan.

"Oh, this is so good, I'm gonna have a big one in a minute, oh, I feel it coming, really big," and she began shuddering and shaking, gasping and huffing as Lynn and I continued on.

"Omigod, OH, UUH, UUH, UH, UH, umm, mmm, oh, Lynn, oh, Hank, you two are the best, oh, don't stop, either one of you, keep going, I could have another," she cried.

We did keep going and, yes, she soon had another orgasm, a rocking one, one of the kind that you remember for a long time after.

The three of us all collapsed on her bed, petting, kissing, feeling, just enjoying our new relationship with one another.

Later, we had the cake and ate it in the nude along with a dollop of whipped cream from a can she had in the refrigerator. We also had some grown-up fun with the whipped cream and I'll let your own imagination fill that in.

Nina did get her breasts done, even used the same surgeon that Lynn had used twenty years earlier. She, like Lynn, kept her breasts within reason and avoided the porn star look.

A few months after, she and Lynn got to show them off at a nude resort we went to in Cancun, one that had a stretch of beach that was posted as not only nude and adult but that sexual activity may be taking place and we made sure that we contributed our own to the total.

So the sex has continued with Nina, she sleeps here two or three nights each week and she and Lynn have sex after I've done all I can do, after all, even with those pills, there's a limit. But there has never seemed any limit to the licking and tonguing these two women can do, they just seem to go and go and go.

Nina's next birthday will be her sixty-ninth and we've planned a whole day of sixty-nine with her to celebrate it in a fashion that we would all appreciate.

Being retired isn't all half-bad, you know.