 Looking back, I guess it all started with a conversation my wife, Karen and I had. We were asking about each other's sexual fantasies when I told her it had always been my fantasy to have a threesome. I thought it would be hot to walk in on two girls getting it on and join them. I think every guy has the lesbian fantasy, and it usually involves them getting in on the action, too.

Karen admitted she thought a threesome would be pretty hot as well. My interest peaked at the idea that maybe I'd have a chance to live out my fantasy. My excitement was short lived when she said that her idea of a threesome was having two guys pleasure her at the same time. We talked a little more about what things we would do in each of our fantasies when she asked if I'd ever thought about doing it with another guy.

"You mean, like in a threesome?" I asked.

"No, I mean, and be honest, have you ever thought about sucking a dick or having your dick sucked by a guy?" she responded. I hesitated for a bit. This was one of those moments where you either decide to tell the truth or lie--if I tell the truth, I risked freaking her out. Let's be honest: all guys, even the straightest, have thought about doing it with another guy. Maybe it would be imagining getting your dick sucked to see if I guy can do a better job than a girl. Or maybe it would be to try sucking a dick to see what it's like. Maybe even anal.

I'd thought long enough--the delay was going to get awkward if I didn't answer. "Well, honestly," I said, "Yeah, I mean, any guy has probably thought about it before. It's just one of those things you wonder about but never plan on actually doing."

"What kinds of things did you fantasize about?", she asked. That question caught me by surprise because I wouldn't have ever used the word "fantasize". But, daydreaming about sex is fantasizing. I didn't try to correct her wording.

"Well, you know, the usual stuff--getting a blow job, giving a blow job, sixty-nine."

"What about anal?"

"Well, yeah, but it never seemed quite as interesting to me." Whoops, that came out before I had a chance to think about it. I'd immediately wished I had worded that better. "I mean, the idea didn't really turn me on."

"Not like oral sex, huh?" She was manipulating my words to get at the real truth below the surface. "Have you ever fantasized about a guy coming in your mouth? What was it like?"

"Sometimes I imagined that he pulls out and comes on my face. Sometimes I imagine that I'm doing such a good job that he gets to the point of no return too quickly and just comes in my mouth without warning. Sometimes I imagine that he warns me he's going to come but I keep his cock in my mouth anyway."

"Wow, sounds like you've dreamed about this more than a few times. I'm surprised you never acted on it."

"Well, to be honest, I had thought about it from time to time, but never felt like I could trust a stranger to be safe, and once we got married, I'd never cheat on you." I couldn't believe how much I'd admitted in our conversation. I decided it was time to take the focus off me and ask her about her fantasies. She let the conversation turn to her dreams, and that was the end of that. For a few weeks.

A few weeks later, during foreplay, Karen just blurted out, "I've been thinking about it a lot lately, and I would really enjoy having a threesome with you and another guy satisfying my every need. If you're into that, I'd even be willing to do a girl-girl threesome for you--and you know how I'm not into girl-girl. You wouldn't even have to do anything with the other guy. Just having two men please me is my fantasy."

Well, she knew how to word the proposal to get my interest. Once I got married, I figured my chance at that girl-girl threesome was hopeless. I hadn't thought about it too much, but I'd be willing to try some new things to add some spice to our bedtime fun. "That sounds interesting. I never thought I'd get a chance to fulfill my fantasy. And if we each got our fantasies, even better. But how do we find someone?"

"Well, don't get mad," she said, "but I stumbled across this web site where you can search for people who are interested in this. I posted a profile and you wouldn't believe how many responses I got. I weeded out the ones I wasn't interested in and started and e-mail conversation, letting them know right off that it wasn't going to happen unless you were OK with it."

"Sounds like you've been doing your homework. Where do we go from here?"

"Well, if you still want to go ahead with it, I can setup a time where we can meet my first choice--his name is Mike, and he lives about ten miles away."

I gave Karen the approval and she arranged a meeting with Mike the following Saturday at a restaurant near his house. We met Mike at the restaurant. My first impression was a bit of a surprise, as he had similar features as I. He was about six feet tall, the same as I, and also had brown hair and a fit, but not muscular body. There was no doubting Karen's "type"!

We had a good conversation during dinner and when the bill came Mike asked if we wanted to come back to his place for dessert. Karen and I looked at each other, trying to determine if we were each OK with the idea. I guess she read the "go ahead" signal on my face, as she replied, "Sure, that sounds nice.", before I could say anything.

When we got to Mike's house, it didn't take long for things to start moving. He invited us to sit on the couch and he turned on the TV and started a DVD of a two-man threesome sex scene. Karen immediately got aroused as she realized her fantasy was soon to come true. She became fixated on the TV, watching as one man was making out with the woman as the other was fondling her breasts and rubbing her pussy through her pants.

Mike seized the moment and grabbed Karen's breast in one hand and started kissing her. Karen moaned and started moving her hips and chest forward. I could tell she was really turned on already! I grabbed her jeans and unbuttoned them and pulled down the zipper, revealing the top of a lacy white thong she was wearing. It seemed she was hoping for some action tonight as she normally only wears that for our bedroom activity.

Mike slipped his hand under her shirt and began fondling her breasts directly. Meanwhile, I grabbed both sides of her jeans and pulled them to the floor and off her feet. I moved to the floor and parted her legs as I got on my knees in front of her. Mike reached his other hand under her shirt and unclasped her bra. He then grabbed her shirt and pulled it off over her head, revealing her nice, round C-cup breasts. I watched as Mike wasted no time moving his mouth to one of Karen's perfect nipples. Karen has great nipples that stand up very firm and tall when hard. They are just perfect to suck on, which is what Mike was learning now.

Meanwhile, I pulled Karen's thong to one side and slipped a finger into her waiting pussy. It was already so wet I didn't even need to think of lubing my finger. As I probed her canal, Karen responding by pushing her hips forward, her pussy begging for more attention.

I could see Karen reaching for Mike's obvious bulge in his pants. She grabbed his erection through his pants and began rubbing and squeezing it like it was her only toy. I decided to move in and get a taste of Karen's fresh juice. I leaned in and started stroking her lips with my tongue, softly at first. With each stroke, Karen frantically pushed her hips forward, hoping to get my tongue to penetrate her. I was careful to tease her at first, until I couldn't hold out any longer, either. As I speared her lips with my tongue and began lapping up her juices, Karen let out a loud moan. I begin licking her pussy as deeply as I could, trying to scoop up as much of her sweet juice as I could.

Now Mike stopped sucking her nipples long enough to stand up and unbutton his pants. He quickly took off his pants and underwear to reveal a nice, hard, circumcised cock standing at full attention. His cock was fairly similar to mine in length--I would guess maybe 6 1/2 to 7 inches, though not quite as thick as mine. Not that it was skinny--mine is just really thick, especially considering it's just of average length. Karen saw her waiting prize and cooed out, "Oh, nice."

Mike needed no more invitation as he moved his hips toward Karen's mouth. She grabbed him by both ass cheeks and pushed his cock to her face and began sucking on the head right away. Mike moaned his pleasure as Karen worked her mouth around the head and shaft near the tip. I didn't have a very good view from my position between her legs, but I could see she was enjoying all of the attention she was getting.

With her waiting pussy already at the edge of the couch, I decided it was time for me to get some action as well. I got up and stripped out of my clothes quickly then moved in and plunged my hard cock deep into her inviting pussy. Karen immediately let out a strong moan that was muffled by her mouthful of cock. I kept my cock deep in her pussy without thrusting, enjoying the warmth that surrounded it when I decided to have some fun. I reached up and put both of my hands on Mike's ass and began pushing his hips forward into Karen's face, forcing her to deep throat his cock. It didn't take more than a couple of times before Mike began working his hips on his own, but I kept pushing on his ass, anyway. I was having so much fun making Karen suck his full shaft that I almost forgot my cock was enjoying a warm pussy bath. I took one hand off Mike's ass and reached between his legs and began playing with his balls. They were shaved smooth and very soft. I fondled his balls and stroked his perineum. I'm not sure why I did it. I guess because they were there.

Mike let out a soft moan of encouragement, so I continued to fondle his balls while he pushed his cock in and out of Karen's mouth. Then, without warning, he quickly pulled out of Karen's mouth and panted, "Whoah, I gotta take a break. I don't think I can hang on much longer."

"Ok, why don't you eat me out while you cool off a bit. Honey, come up here and let me suck that delicious cock." Karen was really taking charge, which was fine with me, since it was her fantasy come true. Mike and I switched places. He knelt between her legs and began licking Karen where my own cock was just moments before. Meanwhile, I moved up and presented my tool for Karen who wasted no time plunging her mouth deep on the shaft. She attacked it vigorously, tonguing me wildly on that sensitive part on the underside while working her mouth up and down the shaft, pushing the head into her throat each time her lips met the base of my erection. I was enjoying it so much I wondered how much longer I could hold out as well.

I looked back to see Mike diving deeply into Karen's love hole, alternating between deep tongue stabs and sucking on her lips and clit. Each movement was met by Karen bucking her hips into his face, craving more and more of what he had to offer. Finally, she popped her mouth off my cock long enough to beg, "Suck it! Suck my clit! Oh, yeah, I'm gonna c---uh--uh--uh--uhmm..." Karen wrapped her legs around the back of Mike's head and forced his face tightly into her pussy as waves of orgasmic euphoria passed over her. I wondered if Mike was going to suffocate as she had his nose smashed into her clit and his mouth plastered to her lips.

Finally, she collapsed back to the couch with one loud and satisfied, "Oh, yeah!", and then returned to my waiting cock. This time she took a little more relaxed pace as she resumed alternating between deep throating and servicing my head with gentle swirling tongue caresses. Released from her leg vice, Mike got up and positioned himself to pierce Karen's waiting canal with his own tool. He grabbed each of her thighs and I watched for the first time as another man's cock entered my wife's pussy. Mike began a steady rhythm of pumping Karen and reached up and started playing with her nipples, rubbing and pinching them.

Karen was obviously enjoying all the attention she was getting as she kept moaning while sucking my cock, which set off a vibrator-like sensation over my shaft. I turned my attention back to her and grabbed her head with both hands and started fucking her face, pushing my cock into her throat with each thrust. Soon after, I felt a hand caressing my balls. I knew right away it was Mike. I guess he was returning the favor. The feeling of a soft, warm, wet throat surrounding my cock and soft tickles on my balls was bringing me closer and closer to explosion. I could tell by the pace of Mike's thrusting that he was working toward his climax as well. "Oh, yeah," I said, "I'm going to come soon."

Karen pushed my hips back off her face and grabbed my cock and started pumping it while concentrating all of her tongue efforts around the head and that most sensitive part. This drove me to the brink as I cried out, "Here I go..." Karen took my cock out of her mouth and pointed it down toward her breasts and began pumping furiously as I shot my load, wave after wave of satisfaction passing over me. At nearly the same time, Mike's furious pumping changed to quick, staccato thrusts as he called out, "Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Ohhhhh, ohhhhh, yeah!", and with that, each of us collapsed in near orgasmic exhaustion.

After a brief rest, Karen said, "Honey, I didn't come yet. Will you go down on me and get me off like you know how?" Karen loved the way I ate her pussy. She knew I enjoyed it, too. Maybe that's why I was so good at it, because I could always get her off. I knew what she was up to, though. "Pleeeease? I just have to get off at least once more.", she added, as she sensed my hesitancy. As I moved to get between her thighs once again, she said, "Mike, you can come up here and help clean me up."

Fair is fair, I thought. If I have to clean up after Mike, then he has to clean up after me. I moved in toward Karen's well-fucked pussy and stretched my tongue out for one tenuous lick. As my tongue met her lips, I immediately tasted the salty flavor of Mike's come. It was starting to pour out from Karen's love tunnel as I took my first lap with my tongue. It was a bit unusual tasting--not necessarily bad--just something that took getting used to. My second lick had more purpose. I'd tasted his come now so there was nothing I needed to overcome anymore. As I dove my tongue into her waiting hole, it began scooping out wads of come which I now willingly lapped up and swallowed. I began dining on Karen's pussy like it was my last meal. That's just how she liked to get off. The more I liked and the deeper I thrust my tongue, the more she enjoyed it. After about ten good laps, I had cleared out just about all of Mike's come from her pussy as I was beginning to taste mostly Karen's love juice now.

I looked up to see how Mike was doing only to see him rubbing his cock in my come and then feeding it to Karen's waiting mouth. "Hey, no fair!" I called out as I stopped eating Karen.

"Don't worry, you'll get yours.", she replied as she continued to take my come from Mike's waiting cock. I returned to Karen's pussy, working between deep tongue thrusts and lapping at her clit until she started bucking her hips into the throes of another orgasm. Finally, she collapsed, satisfied she had gotten off again. "Ok, you guys, I need you to get hard again for round three. Honey, lay on your back. Mike, this time I want you to service him until he's good and hard."

Mike didn't hesitate to position himself between my thighs as I lay on my back. Before I could react to what was happening, he grabbed my cock and plunged his mouth on it. "That's just what you wanted, wasn't it, baby? You wanted to know what it was like for a guy to suck your dick. Well, sit back and enjoy it." Mike began working my cock with great enthusiasm as he sucked it in his mouth and stroked his tongue over the bottom of my shaft. I didn't think my cock would respond since it hadn't much rest time from my last come. But Mike was doing a fantastic job on my cock. All I could think about was how I was probably getting the best blow job of my life. He know how to do everything that feels just great. My cock started to spring to life and I started thrusting my hips forward to push it further into his mouth. "Whoah, there, honey, slow down. I need you to save that hard-on for me.", Karen warned.

I knew I wasn't going to come soon, so I continued humping Mike's face as he took my full length into his mouth and throat, swirling his tongue along the shaft as it went in and out. I began having thoughts about sucking Mike's dick. I wondered if it was a nice to give as to receive. No sooner than I began those thoughts than Karen blurted out, "Mike, it looks like you need a little wake up as well. I wanna watch you two sixty-nine until you're both ready to fuck me again."

Mike positioned himself over me with his cock pointing right at my mouth. I got a little nervous inside, butterflies in my stomach, as I realized I was just about to suck a cock for the very first time. Almost automatically, I opened my mouth and Mike lowered his cock to my waiting lips. As my mouth and tongue met his tool, my first thought was just how soft the skin was. It was like velvet. It was actually nice to lick. I picked my head up to take in more of Mike's tool which was just beginning to show signs of life. As I sucked on his head and shaft, I could still taste a combination of his come and Karen's juice. I grabbed my hands onto Mike's ass and pushed him closer to my face, encouraging him to thrust into my mouth. He got the hint and began humping my mouth as I concentrated on sucking on his cock and licking his shaft as well.

As his thrusts picked up pace, I could feel his cock growing in my mouth. It was beginning to fill my mouth and I needed to stretch it open wider and wider to receive his growing hardness. I started to think about Mike coming right in my mouth when Karen said, "Ok, that's enough you two, I'm ready to get fucked again." With that, Mike climbed off me, revealing our two fully-hardened rods for Karen. "Nice.", she said. "Ok, honey, I want you to fuck me from underneath while Mike fucks me from on top. I want to fuck you both at once."

Karen moved onto all fours and climbed over me and positioned her waiting pussy over my cock as I pushed it into her warmth. "Ok, Mike, now take me from behind and fuck my pussy, too.", she said. Mike moved on top of Karen and moved his cock into position. I wasn't sure how this was going to be possible. I felt the head of his cock meet the shaft of mine, as it was already in Karen's pussy. Mike pushed his head into her waiting canal, and suddenly it was really tight. I could feel Mike's head rubbing along my shaft until it met the head of my own cock inside Karen. As our cocks pressed tightly together, I reveled in the sensation of Karen's warm pussy surrounding my cock while Mike's cock rubbed against my shaft and head.

As Mike began pumping into Karen's pussy, I began alternating strokes. As he pushed in, I pulled out, and so on. Each thrust met with long, sliding cock-to-cock contact, our most sensitive parts rubbing each other. The sensation was amazing as every part of my shaft and head got full attention from either Karen's pussy or Mike's cock. Each of us began moaning our pleasure as we picked up the thrusting pace. "You guys like that, don't you?", Karen said as she was getting double-hammered by us. Neither of us replied as we continued pumping, faster and faster, searching for that climactic release. I wasn't sure what I enjoyed more: Karen's canal caressing my tool or Mike's cock rubbing it, but I was happy to have both.

Without warning, Mike began making shorter, quicker thrusts until he finally cried out, "Oh, yeah!". I felt a warm wetness wash over my cock that I immediately identified as Mike's come. That made things even more slippery inside, which just ramped up the soft tingling sensation I was getting from Mike's cock stroking my own shaft. I could finally hold back no longer.
