 It had been just over a year since we had began our venture into this new taboo 'Lifestyle'. We didn't know how we would change, or how it would help or hurt our marriage, but we were in it now, nonetheless. After a while and some highs and lows, we had finally gotten to a point where Lyla and I didn't have any barriers and didn't give much thought to what sexual fantasies or desires we wanted to share.

I had always been turned on most by interracial porn - big black cock to put it bluntly. She had confessed a fantasy for a gangbang where she would get creampie after creampie. I, naturally, combined the best of both and fantasized (obsessed over, really) the thought of well hung black men running a train on my beautiful Lyla pumping her cunt full of cum for hours.

In the shadows of my deeply perverted mind, the number 10 was a good quantity.

This, however, would remain just that - a fantasy. One that, in reality, could never come to fruition - the risk of pregnancy (even with protection), and STDs was just too consequential. So with that, we continued on our way of trying to find that perfect person or couple to play with on a regular basis.

During our ongoing search, we kept our sex life interesting, purchasing multiple toys of different shapes and sizes, watching porn and exploring our sexuality.

In our escapades, I had managed to loosen Lyla's pussy so she could take larger toys and enjoy the sensations the deeper penetration and stretching gave. And, really, I love playing with her loose pussy - double vag with a toy felt amazing.

During one of our normal nights, we discussed our fantasies again. She brought up the gangbang once more and I couldn't resist - I said:

"What if I found a group that was proven disease-free? Would it be enough for you to consider living out this fantasy?"

Lyla looked at me as if I were taking crazy pills because of the odds of finding guys who are all clean and wanting to do this. But, after giving it some thought, I could tell that the fantasy was rolling in her mind, to which she replied:

"If you could find a group of guys, then, yeah I'd do it. Or rather, let them do me. I'm on birth control so what other risk is there?"

She smirked an evil grin and I could tell her pussy got a little wet just by bringing the fantasy a tiny bit closer to reality.

After that, we continued to talk about things as we usually do. But in the back of my mind, I was reeling trying to find a way to make this fantasy come to life.

After a night to sleep on it, it dawned on me - there's an amateur (Damien) who has his own porn site specifically for BBC porn. He travels for the right woman. I immediately sent him a message detailing everything.

Some time later, we received a message from a single Male on the swingers site we were members of. He was respectful and showed charisma and experience. After our usual conversation to determine whether he was a creeper or not, we had asked if he wanted to meet for drinks and we continued to set up the date.

As a rarity, we got an overnight sitter, so we were in no rush when we finally met. We met on a Friday evening and we all were clicking perfectly. After some time, he asked if we wanted to go somewhere more private - offering his hotel room just a few blocks away. Lyla looked at me and we gave each other the look of approval and followed him.

When we arrived, we took the elevator to the penthouse floor where the suite was beyond belief. It was spectacular. However, we all knew we weren't there for the views. After a few more drinks, Lyla was practically sitting in Damien's lap. He was rubbing her thighs and slowly creeping up further and further. I could tell by Lyla's breathing and blush on her face, she was feeling the wine just enough to have a good buzz while also having her wits about her. She knew where this was going and gave me a look as if begging not to say no. To which I nodded in approval - I wanted this.

She instantly turned and started to make out with Damien. Pushing her tongue in his mouth as he did in return. Her hand travelling down his body feeling his warmth and strength. Ultimately, she found her destination as she rested on his cock feeling the bulge growing beneath her finger tips. Growing in length and girth as she slowly began rubbing over top his slacks.

All the while, he was caressing her DD size tits, pinching the nipples through her dress. Lightly pulling and twisting through the thin fabric. Each a little harder than the last, resulting in heavy gasps interrupting the deep kisses.

After a few minutes of this, they found each other in varying levels of undress. She had finally felt the full size of his cock - easily 8 inches long and enough girth that she couldn't handle it with a single hand - definitely needed a double grip to handle him. And balls that hung low - pronounced.

She had never had something as large as Damien in her pussy. Not even of the plethora of toys we have bought. Yet, the thought of this made her pussy even wetter.

Damien's focus was entirely on Lyla. Gently kissing her and her body with the occasional bite or rough pull of her nipple. She liked it rough, and her body indicated as much. He expertly ate her pussy, making her squirm and moan in ecstasy eventually cumming on his tongue.

He then proceeded to pull out a velvet rope asking her if it were okay to tie her up. Lyla looked to me for approval. She liked the feeling of helplessness, but with a stranger? She needed me to reassure her of her and my safety. After a second, I nodded in approval and gave her a look of unquestionable security no matter what.

She cooperatively placed her hands to the corners of the bed and was now restrained. Damien continued to pull out another article which revealed to be a matching velvet blindfold. Again, the same exchange of concerned looks, but uthe same final result ending with Lyla restrained at the hands and blindfolded.

Damien proceeded to mount Lyla at her chest slowly teasing his cock near her lips. He was far too large for her to give a proper blowjob, but she did her best, licking the head, lapping up the pre-cum from his cock moistening her lips. He placed his cock between her tits. As Lyla's tits engulfed his cock, he began thrusting. Slow at first but gaining speed. Lyla's tongue remained out allowing her to keep tasting his cock as she licked the head with every thrust.

After a few minutes of titty fucking, Lyla demanded to be fucked. She needed this cock inside her.

Damien climbed down and rested his cock at the entrance of her now sopping wet hole. Her juices were now running down her ass. He grabbed his cock and rubbed her entrance spreading the wetness around her vulva, expertly preparing it for a smooth glide in. Then, he entered her - slowly. She gasped at the feeling of his girth against her walls. Stretching her flesh. Pump after pump, her pain slowly turned into pleasure. She loved how forceful Damien's cock had intruded her hole in a way nothing and no one else had.

I could tell from Lyla's body language now, that her pain had turned into pleasure and she was needing more. Damien looked back at me, and again I nodded in approval. Damien then whispered into Lyla's ear:

"Your husband has told me everything you want. I'm now going to pump your pussy full of my cum. Afterwards, 9 other men will do the same. We are going to cum inside of this pretty white pussy until you say that you belong to us. Do you understand?"

Although blindfolded, I could tell that Lyla's eyes were nearly popping out of their sockets in disbelief of what she was just told. Processing it all. The thought of this fantasy actually happening, the fear of not having a choice in this because of her restraints. For a moment, I felt extreme guilt for not including her in the planning of all of this, not even a warning.

After a minute of silence and stillness, Lyla responded.

"You better fucking get going before the night ends!"

Now surrounded by a group of 9 other black men, Damien's body language ubruptly changed from almost soft love-making, to full dominant fucking. He pumped roughly in and out of Lyla's cunt pushing her inner walls further every time.

All of this while I sat back - watching the scene play out in front of me. My cock was raging. I've never felt it so rock solid before, begging to be stroked. But I was too infatuated with seeing my wife, my best friend being filled with black cock at a pace I had never seen before. Large black cock at that.

After some time of hard pumping, the surrounding men couldn't contain themselves. Each approaching Lyla. One to each side of her placing their cock in both of her hands. Two more bending down to suck and play with her tits. Another giving her a deep kiss, his tongue invading her mouth. Filling her mouth with his spit as their tongues dance. Others rubbing their cocks between her toes. The rest just waiting for Damien to fucking cum so they can have a chance.

Finally, Damien arches his back and stops his regular pumping. Grunting, and a few thrusts, he empties deep inside of my wife's pussy. With a couple more thrusts, he exits her, leaving a trail of cum from the tip of his cock.

Lyla gasps at the feeling of her now void pussy. Without hesitation, she orders another cock fuck her now stretched pussy.

"How long do I have to wait for another cock to get inside me?!"

Another well hung man climbs on her pinning her legs back near her head and immediately starts pumping forcefully. This guy is girthy but shorter than Damien. So he can go harder as he can bottom out in Lyla's now well stretched pussy.

The other men continue their onslaught of Lyla's remaining body. Damien steps away to grab a drink to recharge. He sits next to me, watching in excitement.

"Is this what you thought it would be?"

"No, not at all."

Damien looks at me worried a line has been crossed and things are unrepairable.

"This is so much better than I thought it would be" I respond.

He grins and walks back towards the bed to direct traffic.

He has some of the guys move away from Lyla to one side and he leans in to her to whisper something else in her ear. All while she continues to get pounded to no end.

Once the second man dumps his cum in her pussy, Damien begins to unrestrain her and remove her blindfold.

Lyla sits up and walks towards me. She leans in and whispers:

"Damien told me how much you're enjoying seeing me like this. I want to see it for myself."

She grabs my cock and I almost dump my load right then and there.

She goes back to the bed and climbs on top of guy number 3 and starts to ride him at an amazing pace and puts another cock in her mouth. Another guy whispers in her ear and she nods. He then starts probing her tight asshole with his finger. One at first, but then adding another and another until he's three fingers deep. She's moaning out of pain at the probing but doesn't halt anything.

After a few minutes of this, guy number 3 tenses up and his strokes become lengthier and deeper. She's now taken three loads deep inside her pussy, invading her cervix.

She climbs off and he is replaced by another. At this point she's riding one cock, sucking another and is jerking a third all at once.

Then the same guy who's been finger her asshole pulls out and positions himself behind her and slowly pushes forward. She pauses to focus on the feeling. She's fucking getting double penetrated by two black cocks!

I get up from my seat to see this - I don't believe it.

I see her full balls deep with two cocks thrusting in and out of her ass and pussy, simultaneously in sync. She's now air tight with another cock in her mouth.

I can't believe what is happening before my eyes. Lyla, my wife, is being fucked in every percieveable hole, at the same time.

She's moaning with all of this going on, urging them.

"Fuck my holes, I need you to pump me full of cum. I need this. PLEASE FUCK ME!!!"

My jaw drops. I'm in complete awe of her, of these men using my wife as their own custom fuck doll.

Then without warning, the two guys cum at the same time and fill her pussy and asshole. Her pussy is now overflowing with cum. Each twitch of the cock just pushing more out of her pussy, squirting cum out of her hole. Her ass, however, is holding onto every drop of cum dumped inside. That's now 5 men who have cum side of Lyla. Only half, not including myself.

Lyla is then scooped up by another man before she can get a breather and is pounded while hanging from him. Another man comes up from behind and helps hold her up while being pounded. He positions his cock to her now stretched ass and she begs for another DP.

"Please, please, please, I need another cock inside of me. I don't care where or how, I just need two cocks fucking me right fucking now!"

He points his cock to her ass and pushes in one long smooth stroke and enters her fully. Again, she's double stuffed. However, this time the two men don't last too long and are shortly dumping their seed into my wife's holes again.

She's set back on the bed and she just lies there panting in complete ecstasy, moaning. Her body needing a break but her mind begging for this not to end. Not yet.

I bend over her and give her a gentle kiss.

"Are you okay? Is this what you want?"

She grabs the back of my head and pushes my mouth into hers and she invades my mouth with her tongue. We kiss deeply. 

"Thank you. I fucking love this, I fucking love you. I need more."

She mutters between breaths.

"Do. You. Want. This. To stop?" She asks.

"There's three more guys who haven't cum yet. It wouldn't be fair to end now don't you think?"

Lyla grins and shakes her head, rejuvenated.

She kisses me before sending me back to my front row seat and gives eyes to the last three guys, wanting them all at once.

She bends over and is spit roasted. Each man thrusting alternately pushing her onto the other's cock from each end. As if she were a life sized masutbation sleeve.

Then with one guy in her pussy, the third guy of the group (and last of the original 10) straddles over her and angling his cock downwards, pushes his way into her pussy for a double vag. Lyla pushes the cock out of her mouth and screams in pain and pleasure as two big black cocks are now fucking one hole.

Without pause, the two men continue to pump her pussy without remorse and regard to her screams, whether in pain or pleasure. Eventually the screams of pain turn into moans of pleasure aand she returns to sucking the cock in front of her.

Then again, as if on cue, all three men pick up the pace simultaneously and begin to pump her full of cum for a total of 10.

As each empties the last drop into her, they slowly pull away leaving my precious Lyla bent over. Pussy gaping, cunt full of cum oozing out. Ass still tight enough to hold on to everything.

I approach her and stroke her back. She collapses to the bed on her stomach panting. Her legs slightly parted. I can see the strings of cum exiting her pussy.

I slowly unbutton my pants and climb on to her from behind. My average sized cock failing in comparison to what she's just endured. This does not stop me from pounding into her with reckless abandon wanting to reclaim what is truly mine and pouring my cum into her well used pussy.

Afterwards, I whisper to her:

"Was that what you wanted? Is that as good as your fantasy?"

She tiredly nods her head, yes.

"Good, because that was just round one... it's only 11:00, we have the whole night. I love you."

As I walk away, the 10 guys are each taking a Viagara, preparing for another round (or maybe two...)