 I feel like I've been flying for weeks. The trip from San Paulo to Paris was a nightmare, the 10 hour unscheduled stop over in Recife only adding to the indignity of having to fly coach on Air France.

Charles De Gaulle was its usual chaotic mess and it was by the skin of my teeth that I got onto that last Friday evening flight back to Dublin.

Back to Dublin for what? a quick shot of reality? A constant barrage of reproachment from my so called families, the shimmer of scandal hovering on the lips of the gathered "friends and acquaintances", and they wonder why I'm gone again two days later.

Ok so I was less than half his age and he was extraordinarily wealthy but he loved the very bones of me and me him, I know he was never happier than when he was with me, we had the most beautiful two years I think any two people could have, then he got the headaches and three months later he was dead. 

So now a year later here I am on a plane from New York to San Diego having spent the last 9 months in the favelas of San Paulo teaching kids how to survive life and the last 2 days at home for the anniversary of the death of my poor sweet husband.

First class on Virgin is always relaxing, the plush white leather seats are so comfortable and the choice of food and drink is wonderful. The cabin crew are great too never in your face but always there when you need them. I had hoped to get one of the twin seats to myself but as usual first class was full and as a result I found myself with a companion. Normally I'm not great for talking to strangers on planes, one thing about being a good looking girl is that you get hit upon all the time and it teaches you a certain ability for distance and cold shouldering. I had had it from Dublin to JFK, some poor schmuck from Manhattan wanting to tell me his life story and how wonderful a time he had in Ireland, thank god for noise isolating headphones is all I can say.

So this guy sits down beside me, doesn't even nod, doesn't even look at me that I can see, he's dressed casually but well, nice jeans, a non labelled polo shirt but you can see its good quality. His hair is silvering nicely at the temples, he has a good natural tan and looks like an outdoor type, he is lean but you can see the muscle under his shirt and on his arms and god damn but he is handsome.

I cough and fidget in my seat looking directly at him, demanding his attention, he looks at me smiles puts on his headphones pulls out a book from his bag and starts to read.

Flabbergasted, its a word I thought I would never use about myself but here I am rolling down the runway at JFK flabbergasted. This can't be happening to me, people don't ignore me if I want to talk to them, it just isn't right.

The plane takes off riding the wind into the night, my eyes are heavy and the pointless anxiety I always feel on take off has left me feeling sleepy. I put on my headphones and drift away to the ephemeral harmonies of Mona and Maria but just before I slip away into sleep I sneak a glance at my neighbor and he is staring intently at me almost as if he is drinking me in with his eyes, I smile to myself as sleep takes me.

I am a light sleeper at the best of times and the clatter and hustle of the in flight service wakes me, I am groggy still but feel a little refreshed and somewhat hungry. I glance at my neighbor, he is having a beer and eating his meal , he looks back and smiles then returns to his food. I wonder is he shy or something I'm not exactly playing miss unobtainable but he seems quite content the way things are. The stewardess arrives with my meal I have a glass of wine with it some generic Californian merlot, it's not too bad so I get a second one. 

Maybe it's the tiredness but the wine has gone straight to my head, My glances at my neighbor are getting more and more frequent and I know he notices them but he's playing it so cool, it's infuriating.

I come to my senses a little and realise if I carry on like this I will make an ass of myself so I decide to go to the bathroom and freshen up a bit.

I take my time, I wash up and re-do my make up put on some deodorant and perfume which always make me feel better. I decide when I get back to my seat I'm just going to take the bull by the horns and say hello to this enigmatic stranger sitting beside me and see where it goes from there.

I open the bathroom door and he's standing there smiling broadly, its a lovely smile, happy and real with straight well looked after teeth pearly white in contrast to his sun tanned skin and rather luscious lips. 

He raises his hand puts his fingers to my lips and makes a shushing noise then ever so gently puts his other hand on my shoulder and pushes me back into the bathroom, he is not using force he is making it quite obvious all I need to do is say no to stop what is happening but I don't, his touch is like electricity to me I feel an ache in my being like I haven't felt since my first romantic encounters with my husband. 

He continues to push me gently until my backside is pushing against the bathroom counter, I don't know what to do so I follow my instinct and put my arms around his neck, pull him to me and kiss him deeply, he responds as if we had been lovers for years, he knows how to tease my tongue with his, how I like to have my lips nibbled how to put his hand at the nape of my neck and gently rub as he pulls me closer into him.

I know instantly that there is going to be no awkwardness in this situation, his hands are on my breasts and my hands are tugging at his belt and suddenly we are pulling each others clothes off in total abandon and there is nothing else in the world at this moment only this huge oneness I am feeling as naked we cling to each other kissing madly banging against the walls of the enclosed space. I jump and wrap my legs around his waste and in one movement he is inside me, he is big, bigger than anything I have experienced before but it feels so right and perfect , I move up and down on his shaft I can feel my first orgasm coming on already and hang on tightly burying my face into his shoulder as the waves of pleasure begin to wash through me, I can feel him responding to my pleasure as his cock hardens even more and swells inside me, I don't want him to hold back I wan't to feel his seed exploding inside me, joining us together as one. He leans me against the counter and pushes my legs further apart then slowly but forcefully and wonderfully pushes deeply into me and pumps his trim hips so that I am getting maximum pleasure, I cum repeatedly moaning loudly, not caring if anybody can hear, not caring about anything only the hot cock deep inside me and the strong arms holding me close. 

He explodes inside me as I cum again, he is bucking like a wild horse I can see the excitement and pleasure coursing through his very being, he seems to cum for ages then slows down and collapses against me holding me tightly and kissing my neck and shoulders.

We disengage and look at each other, both naked and color high in our cheeks and bodies, sweat glistening from both of us and I realise we still haven't spoken a word to each other, I take his hand and say " whats your name honey", he looks me in the eye and says "Rick", I kiss him deeply on the lips lean back and say "hi RIck, welcome to the mile high club".

When Rick invited me to go clubbing in New York I had no idea what was going to happen, I think if I had known beforehand there is no way I would have accepted his invitation. Now though, if he asked me to go again tomorrow I would be on the first plane.

There was something so liberating about the total abandon and trust that I felt while with him in the club, while I was on the wheel I experienced such massive levels of pleasure that the fact I was on display completely to the passing crowd meant nothing to me and when Rick removed the hood to let me see the gathered crowd it was with heightened excitement that I registered their hungry eyes drinking in my nakedness and complete arousal , they were like a sea of predators waiting to pounce but being held at bay by the sheer power of the passion emanating from our love making.

Then it was back to California for me and back to Colorado for Rick, I should have been in my element, the weather was great my friend was taking me to the beach every day and we were partying most nights, some of the guys I was meeting were fantastic, wealthy, good looking, confident but all I could think about was Rick and how I had felt that night in the club and I knew that none of these guys could make me feel like that.

Rick and I were talking all the time be it by phone or text I wanted him to come down to San Diego straight away but he had kids from a previous relationship that he had made promises to and much as I hated the fact that we were apart I loved the fact that he was so loyal to those he loves, maybe that is why I feel so safe when I am with him, I know he would not let me come to any harm.

My friend works in software development and travels extensively.she had a long scheduled trip to Europe and as a result I was left alone with her nice big house and her two cats for 10 days. It didn't take me long to think of someone I would like to share some of this time with and I was on the phone to Rick as soon as I knew what was going on. I kind of thought that he would just drop everything and come to me but unlike me he has responsibility and being a real man he takes these responsibilities seriously, he could however get down for the weekend arriving late on the Friday and leaving on the red eye back to Denver on the Monday morning. Well three nights were better than none and I was excited just at the thought of being with Rick again and what new pleasures we might bring to each other.

Having lived out of a suit case for the last few months and being somewhat of a casual dresser at the best of times apart from one little black dress and a few nice lacy thongs my wardrobe and accessories were a little limited, so in anticipation of the weekend to come I went shopping.

The Gas Light district in San Diego is fantastic for shopping, all the big names are there and it really is a paradise for a girl on a shopping mission, particularly when armed with my trusty black amex card. Its amazing how when you go to these places you discover all these wonderful things that you didn't know you needed and having neglected this part of my life in the recent past I certainly made up for it buying a number of new outfits from casual to formal and of course spending a small fortune on shoes and accessories. 

Satisfied with the outer wrapping I decided to go in search of something special for the more intimate underwrapping, there are a number of lingerie shops in the Gas Light district including a large Victoria Secret store but I wanted something a little different and a bit more classy, if it was in Victoria Secret then the chances were Rick had seen it somewhere else even if just in a magazine advertisement.

Kapreeza is on Kempner Boulevard in the little Italy disctrict, it is owned by a lady called Renatta who has exquisite taste and imports some of the classier European labels which for me are always that bit finer and more sensual than their sometimes brash American counterparts.The shop was quite busy when I arrived and Renatta was looking after a very attractive couple of girls. I was a little disappointed as her knowledge and experience are always useful so I decided to have a good browse through the stock and see what little pieces of beauty I could dress myself in for Ricks arrival on Friday night. I was looking through some particularly fine silk panties when an unmistakably south county Dublin accent addressed me with " hello madam my name is Sally Ann, how can I be of help to you today" I turned to find this most exotic of creatures facing me smiling warmly, she was in her early twenties at the most, tall, as tall as me even while wearing flats had long strawberry blonde hair a delightfully toned swimmers physique flawless porcelain Irish skin with a spray of freckles across her cheeks and nose and the most gorgeous vibrant bluey green eyes. "oh hello" I replied " my name is" "Jessica" she interrupted, " your Jessica Mullen from Wicklow aren't you". 

Talk about being surprised, first off meeting someone from Ireland in a lingerie shop in San Diego, California then that person knowing who I was, talk about surreal I almost had to pinch myself it was so unlikely. "You don't recognize me do you" she continued, "erm no sorry I don't" I replied feeling a little foolish, " oh thats OK it's been years since we saw each other," she continued, " I'm Liam Mulligan from Dalkey's younger sister I met you in our house a couple of times". Now it came flooding back to me, Liam had been a boyfriend when I was in college in Dublin we had gone out together for about six months but it had ended amicably enough when my career in modelling started to take off and seeing each other just wasn't working out, I remembered now the gawky awkward glasses and brace wearing sister who used to hang on my every word on my frequent visits to their house, "Sally Anne" I replied, " wow look at you you've grown up so much you look fantastic, what on earth has you working in a lingerie shop in San Diego"? 

Sally Anne was now a student of Fashion in NCAD in Dublin, she was in San Diego on an exchange program for gifted students at the Argosy University. Renatta at Kapreeza regularly employed fashion and design students and Sally Ann's looks and heritage made her an obvious choice for Kapreeza. We hugged and made the usual OMG noises and then got down to the serious business of choosing some of the delights available at Kapreeza. 

Sally Anne's input was wonderful, she had a natural eye for color and style and very soon I had assembled a spectacular array of very classy and very sensual lingerie for the arrival of my special man the next night. It was approaching lunch time and Sally Anne was only working for the morning, the shop had quietened down somewhat and Renatta delighted that Sally Anne had met someone from home and that that someone had just spent a couple of thousand dollars in her shop agreed to let her leave a little earlier than normal so that we could go to lunch together.

Lunch was at the Waterfront Bar just down the street from Kapreeza, it is cheap and cheerful and an ideal place for a good catch up about home and old times, Liam it seemed had finished his masters in computer science and was now working for some small Irish Tech firm who were due to take the world by storm any day soon, knowing Liam this was no joke he is a very, very clever guy. He had ended up marrying a childhood sweetheart who I had never met and they had a little boy and another baby on the way, he was living in the west of Ireland in Galway and he was probably as surprised as I had been when we rang him from the bar to say hello. 

It's amazing how easily the wine flows when your talking and having fun, Sally Anne was a genuinely funny and clever girl and we were having an absolute blast together, laughing and joking about old times and telling stories of mutual acquaintances, it was such fun, so nice to meet someone from home who didn't seem to care or want to judge my life and actions of the recent past. Lunchtime soon turned to afternoon, to evening, to two quite drunk but happy young women staggering down Kempner Boulevard laden down with shopping bags in search of a cab to get them home.

Sally Anne in true student fashion was staying in a mixed house close to the college campus so we decided to back to my friends house so I could fix us something light for dinner and we could continue what had become such a wonderful day. She had no college or work in the morning so the plan was for her to stay over so we could catch some rays by the pool in the morning. There were some fresh Tuna steaks in the fridge so I fixed a fresh salad and grilled the steaks with some garlic and olive oil, the food had a sobering and mellowing effect on both of us and it being a beautiful evening we decided to freshen up by going for a quick dip in the pool. 

My friends garden is completely private so there seemed to be no necessity for costumes so stripping naked and giggling like a couple of school girls we raced each other to the pool and dived in to the clear refreshing water. Sally Anne not only looked like a swimmer but obviously was a good one as she had completed a number of lengths before I had finished my first. I was languishing in the middle of the pool when I saw Sally Anne dive under the water, I looked around to see where she was and all of a sudden she burst from the water right in front of me took my head in her hands and planted a huge kiss onto my lips, parting them with her tongue and pushing hers deep into my mouth. Another shock on this most surprising of days, I pulled back for a second but she did not release me and all of a sudden it felt so good that I just had to go with it and I wrapped my arms around her neck and kissed her back with an equal amount of passion. The kiss lasted for a long time in fact all that stopped us was a fear of drowning so we moved over to the shallower Jacuzzi area of the pool holding each other and kissing necks and faces and eyes, the water the silky warm breeze blowing on our skin and the soft sensual butterfly kisses sending both of us into a very high state of arousal. Passion took over and suddenly hands and fingers were rubbing and probing and mouths were kissing and teasing, Sally Anne wrapped her legs around my body and I carried her dripping out of the pool and lay her down on one of the poolside sun loungers. She spreads her legs wide and parts her lips, her tongue running around them and looks at me with the most deliciously wicked glint in her eyes, I can not resist I take her in my arms, kiss her deeply on the mouth then move down her body to her breasts with my mouth while my hand finds the hot sticky bud of her clitoris and begins to rub and tease. She cums almost immediately and I am amazed at the power of her orgasm, she bucks and holds me and I feel her nails dig into my back as she pulls me toward her, wrapping her legs around me once more and moaning and panting with pleasure as she cums repeatedly under my fingers gentle persuasion. She is strong and suddenly she has flipped me over onto my back on the sun lounger and without hesitation pushed my legs apart and buried her tongue deep inside my pussy. It feels so unbelievably good as she places the thumb of one hand on my clitoris and starts to rub while gently teasing my asshole with her other hand. I grab her hair and push her face deeper into me her tongue is so wonderful inside me and I feel my own orgasm about to erupt, then she stops and jumps off me, I reach for her but she is positioning herself so that she is straddling my head with her pussy and her face is once more over my own, she lowers herself onto me and I breathe in the heady aroma of her dripping pussy sliding my tongue deep into her as she envelopes my face her tongue and hands resuming their work on me. I cum like a banshee, howling and bucking and alive with pure pleasure, she falls off me onto the poolside legs akimbo, hair plastered against her sweat soaked body, face glowing and eyes flashing, I roll off the lounger between her legs and hold her and we laugh and kiss and lick each other before both lying back on the damp ground, exhausted but glowing from the pleasure of this unexpected day.

So the day had finally come, Rick was arriving tonight and I was so much looking forward to it that as soon as I awoke I was wishing away the hours until he arrived. It did help that I was woken up by Sally Anne's strawberry blond hair engulfing me as she leaned over me to kiss me into the day and that after a breakfast of fresh fruit and coffee we had the morning to relax by the pool, do a few lengths and catch a few rays from the glorious sunny day it was turning into, 
