 CHAPTER ONE

Sunday morning sex. What a way to start the day. Waking slowly and then making love slowly. The best morning of the week.

Sunday morning and Julie, my wife of 17 years, has been rostered to work. Away to work before I am awake. What a blow. At least she will be home around midday. After breakfast, our 13 and 11 year olds head off to do whatever they do and I start to prepare something special.

Our bedroom is rather small, dominated by the waterbed. Waterbeds are comfortable, and give some unique sensations during sex. But they are restrictive in other ways. Instead, I prepare the lounge room. A couple of sheets over the carpet and then some cushions for comfort. Aromatherapy oil, massage lotion and some relaxing music. Curtains drawn to dim the light.

Julie comes home shortly after 12. As soon as she walks through the front door, she notices the specially prepared lounge on the right. She smiles “just give me a minute” and heads off to the bathroom to prepare”. 

Returning I grab her and hug her. Although dressed for work, the tight skirt accentuates her shapely legs and bottom. I gently kiss her neck, the part that really turns her on. She unbuttons her blouse and removes it and her bra. I reach down and unzip the skirt, which she deftly steps out of. I continue to hold her, and start to gently circle her right nipple with my left hand. Starting with wide circles and gradually closing on the sensitive bit. She presses closer to me, I can feel the dampness of her white panties through the knee of my trousers. I move to the other nipple, while alternating between nibbling on her neck and kissing her full on the mouth. My fingers trace circles around her left nipple while my tongue traces circles around her lips. I pull her lower lip into my mouth and suck on it. I ask her if she wants a massage to relax. She lies down, making a bed out of the cushions. I quickly strip down to my underwear before returning to her pleasure. I lean over and start to pull her panties down. She raises her hips to help me.

I pour some massage oil onto my palm, it is a warm day so there is no need to warm it. Kneeling astride her, I start on her back moving up to her shoulders. She relaxes into it, recovering from a Sunday, interrupted. Moving up to her shoulders, easing the tension, before returning to her lower back and then her buttocks. I spend some time caressing and massaging the soft, smooth and brown skin of my African wife. Moving lower, her legs get the treatment. As I massage her thighs, I let my fingers brush her pussy lips. Instinctively, she widens her legs a little to allow me easier access. But I continue to tease her lips with the lightest of touch; there is time enough. Whisper for her to turn over. I start on her breasts, using oil in a circular motion around the nipples, working towards the centre. I move back to her legs, and continue to massage her thighs and tease her pussy with my fingers as I trace my hands from one leg to another. I gradually work my way toward her womanhood, and use my oily fingers to massage her prominent, almost black, labia. I gently insert an oily finger inside, and feel the warmth and wetness there before working back out and towards her clit. I start on her clit, using the oil and her own wetness to massage the hood. She starts to squirm a little under my touch, and the relaxation moves towards arousal as her clit starts to become more erect. I continue to massage her clit, rubbing it with fingers on either side of the most sensitive parts. She continues to spread her legs, allowing me access to kneel between them and start on her with my mouth.

After 17 years, it is easy to know which buttons to push. Ordinarily, she doesn’t like me going down on her. However, I know when she is really hot, she responds better. I read the signals. If no response then it is best to get out of there. If getting wetter, or starting to move in the right direction, it is best to keep on going. Perhaps it is the romantic mood and the different feel of not being in a waterbed, but we are getting a response. So I keep on going, feeling for her reaction in a very gentle way. I use one finger inside her, crooked up into that special spot, while drawing her clit between my lips and massaging it. I feel her press up against my chin, willing me to take more. She breathing becomes irregular as I continue to suck her with my lips while working her inside with my finger. She gasps, and I can feel her contract and squeeze around my finger when she comes. Gently, like the rest of her.

“How would you like me?” “From behind”, as she gets on her hands and knees, head down. This position is very tight; from experience very hard on the legs too. I move up to her, and she reaches back and guides me in. I hold her by the hips, and start to stroke really slowly. I savour those large wet lips pulling at my shaft on the way out, and then the extra warmth and wetness as I push in again. I keep up the slow strokes, glancing across as our bodies are reflected on the dark glass of the television cabinet, joined together in the most intimate way. I look down, and watch my white manhood surrounded by her brown cheeks. I can almost see the head on each outward stroke, before I thrust back in again. I look at wonderment at my size. Although wide enough at any time, my penis is swelling to gigantic proportions as I prolong the arousal. Noticeably bigger as I continue to saviour the pleasure. I get into a rhythm, I want to prolong this. After a while, the tingling sensations start to build, but they are easily controlled. I start to move faster now, after about 10 minutes I know that we are both ready for it. I continue to look in amazement at the size of my penis, slick with Julie’s juices as it now slides in and out at a faster rate. I feel Julie pushing back against my stomach, trying to take all I have to give. Faster and faster until that wonderful point of inevitability. I flood her insides with spurt after spurt of cum, slowing down and still waves of pleasure. My penis is sensitive now, I continue to stroke in and out slowly with my slowly softening member before I gently withdraw it. My juices dribble out of Julies open pussy and puddle on the sheet between her legs. She grabs a corner of the sheet to wipe herself before lying down beside me.

We talk about nothing in particular, but I move the subject around to our neighbours. We have only been living here a little while and have not have had much of a chance to meet them. I mention that the lady next door is Michelle, and she is married to Joe, and the lady across the road from her is Carol. Carol’s husband left some time ago, and she looks after her two children on her own. “Michelle told me she has not had a man for a long time”. 

“Are you offering?” 

“Isn’t that what neighbours are for?” 

“Well, I don’t think so, least not while I am around”

“How about we invite her around, I am sure she would appreciate it”

“I’m not sure about that”

“You know my fantasies, a bit of variety. You didn’t want another couple in the house. But she is a nice lady and it would be a change”

“I am still not sure”

“How about we invite her around, but at any time if you say no then it will be no”

“I suppose so, but no means no”.

Later that afternoon, I visit Carol and invite her for next Saturday afternoon.

CHAPTER TWO

Saturday, and the warm weather is still with us. Our two children go to Carols place to babysit. She arrives shortly after dressed in a short skirt and transparent top, clearly showing her bra struggling to contain her cleavage. Carol is in her late 30’s, perhaps even 40. It is hard to imagine why her husband left her, as she almost exudes sex. She is shapely with long and firm legs, a rounded and feminine arse, and full tits. Shapely but firm, she must work out.

Introductions, a little light talk. Something to drink, a little white wine, particularly to relax Julie for what may be to come. I take Julie to one side and ask her what does she think. She says she is not into girls, but she seems really nice. “Do you want to go ahead with this?” 

“Ok” 

“Ok indeed”.

Returning. “Carol, Michelle mentioned that you get a bit lonely”

“Yes, at night in front of the television, or in bed on my own”

“It must be frustrating”

“I have my vibrators, and my other toys, but it isn’t a real substitute after so many years of a real man”

“Julie and I would like to help you out”

I leaned across and kissed Julie tenderly, placing my hands on her thighs, just below her shorts. Carol watched, Julie watched Carol out of the corner of her eye. I moved my hands towards Julie’s crotch, rubbing it gently through the layers of material in the way. I undid the rope tie around the waist of her shorts, unclipped them, and worked my way down. I glanced at Carol, who slid her own hands up her short skirt towards her own panties. Julie unconsciously spread her legs when I unzipped her shorts and started on her. Julie took a while to get going, this was new ground for her. In the meantime, Carol fingered herself with one hand and started to massage her breasts with the other.

I removed Julie’s top, she had small breasts and was not wearing a bra. I started on her nipples, gently at first. Carol started to undress, removing everything down to her bikini panties and a delightful gold chain around her waist. I beckoned her over and she sat on the other side of the couch, starting on Julies other nipple. Julie noticeable stiffened, and after a while began to relax. Carol was oh so gentle (having had much experience with Michelle), and soon Julie was starting to enjoy the exclusive attention of two. She looked across at Carol's larger breasts, much larger while almost defying both age and having had two children. Ever the gentlewoman, Julie started to massage Carol’s nipples. Just the way that she would want to be touched herself. Carol cupped her breasts, and offered them to Julie, who moved on them with her mouth, gently using her lips and tongue. In the meantime, I could feel Julie’s panties getting wetter, as she started to get into this. I suggested perhaps she could lose the last of her clothing. She stood up and removed her shorts and panties, revealing her ebony lips, her vulva freshly shaved, smooth but the traces of her coarse pubic hair are still visible below the skin. Carol started; she had never seen a pussy quite like that before. She reached out and took over my duties, amazed at the large, thick and now swollen lips. She gently rubbed her hand up Julies slit, getting her fingers moist before starting on her clit. “I have never seen anything like that, it’s just so beautiful”. Julie was puzzled until Carol removed her panties. Her pubic hair was trimmed, but her labia was not even visible. Carol then knelt between Julie’s legs, and started to work at her.

Julie lost all inhibitions. Julie is never a fan of receiving oral sex; Carol had a touch like she had never felt before. Julie raised her hips, forcing her pussy into Carols face as Carol stimulated her as only another woman could. I continued on her breasts and nipples, and any other parts in reach. I heard Julies breathing become more erratic, and her body tensing. Never one to yell or scream, she tensed, gasped and came.

Carol continued to gently work Julie’s pussy, as if she had never seen one like it (which was true enough). The she asked me “How about you big boy, you want to help me out?” I look across at Julie, her expression was startled but not cross. I took that as a ‘yes’.

I grabbed some cushions and arranged them on the carpet. “Carol, lay on your stomach”. I gently spread her legs, then admired the view, the sexy gold chain laying just above her hips. I lay on top of her, my legs outside hers. She gets it, reaches me back and guides me in. I look across at Julie, she watches wide eyed. She had seen some porn movies with me but she had never ever seen another couple have sex in front of her before.

After several minutes, I whisper “lets roll over”. She spreads her legs for me to enter her. Starting with deep, slow strokes, using my pubic bone to hit her clit. Julie continued to watch her husband fuck this lady. Carol was much more vocal than Julie, and she was really getting hot; “harder, harder” leaving me well aware of what to do next. The more vocal she got, the more turned on I got, and it started to become harder to make it last.

“Oh fuck, I’m gonna cum”. She dug her fingers into my shoulders and raised her hips before a final “oh fuck yes” as she came with me inside her. That was it for me me, I bore into harder three or four times and grunted deeply as I emptied myself inside her, hot sperm gushing into her pussy as the waves of pleasure match each deep thrust and each spurt of cum.

While nestled between Carols legs, I look across at Julie. “Are you ok?”

“That was the most amazing thing I have seen.”