 It was an interesting afternoon to say the least. Della had finally met the couple she had been speaking to for months, Nyree and her husband Chris. For the entire day, they met at her place and chatted up a storm, getting to know one another and trying to be comfortable around one another. They had ordered out for pizza and were now watching a movie on television. Della got up near the middle of the movie to go get refreshments. Nyree had stood up to look outside and see the sun setting over the backyard. When Della returned with drinks, she bent over and Nyree accidentally rubbed her tushy when she reached out for a glass. Della blushed and at first, Nyree was embarrassed, but they all knew that if everything went well today, the night would hold some good tidings.

"Della," Nyree spoke out, "you look so lovely when you blush. Would you mind if I undressed you so I could get a better look at how flushed you get?"

Della was stunned, but for some reason, was quite comfortable with the couple there. "Go ahead," she said, intrigued by this new game. Nyree stepped behind Della and unzipped the top of her tight top, brushing her stomach gently against Della's buttock on purpose this time. Her hands trembled as she slipped off the top, then unsnapped Della's bra. She went around to face her when she pulled the bra off, sucking in her breath as she stared at Della's softly curved breasts.

"Beautiful," Nyree murmured. "Would you mind if I stroked your nipples?"

"I don't mind," Della said. She shivered as Nyree cupped her breasts and gently stroked the brown nipples.

"Like hot silk," Nyree whispered.

Her own ample breasts heaved with excitement as her fingers aroused and tingled the rigid nipples. Her lips parted and Della could sense she was fighting to control her wild passion, that she wanted to fling Della down on the nearby couch.

Instead, Nyree shuddered and stepped back. She knelt and pulled Della's jean skirt to the floor, her eyes glittering on her naked thighs. Della stepped out of it and Nyree gripped the rim of her white lacy panties. She slid them down slowly, her palms stroking Della's hot flesh. She worked them all the way down, her face only inches from Della's delicate brunette pubic nest.

There was a long moment of suspense as Nyree's hands trembled on Della's soft hips. Her tongue circled her lips.

"So lovely," Nyree whispered by the pink cleft. "So sensual..."

"Magnificent!" Chris said, running his eyes over Della's lush curves. "Hey, you two, I'm not a potted plant here."

Nyree laughed. "Relax, Chris. We haven't forgotten you. You'll see..." Nyree felt her desire rising feverishly as she stroked Della's hot, satiny flesh. "I'm going to strip." She was naked in less than a minute.

Nyree's pulse quickened and she felt a soft trickle in her hole as she studied Della's glowing nakedness.

For a long moment, Nyree stared into Della's eyes, her own heaving breast betraying her wild excitement. Then she flung her arms around Della and crushed her hot, velvety tits against her. Forcing her tongue between Della's lips, her fingers dug into Della's hot buttocks.

"I want you first," Nyree whispered, biting Della on the lips, squirming her crotch against her feverishly. She enclosed Della's body in her more ample, searing one, trembling wildly at the delicious contact.

Della responded with an urgency of her own. Jerking her hips softly against Nyree's, the throbbing ache in her wet pussy was a fierce need.

Nyree led Della to the couch. Della layed back on the pillows, groaning as Nyree cupped one of her breasts and sucked hungrily on the nipple. Nyree's hands stroked and rubbed Della's hot flesh, her lips and tongue slid over her stomach. A deep moan came from Della's throat. She rested her legs over Nyree's back and raised her hips high off the cushion.

Della sobbed as Nyree teased her for a minute. Her wet tongue flicked on both trembling inner thighs, her hands pulled back the flesh of Della's mound to expose her glistening pussy.

A wild, searing thrill, like an electric shock, tore through Della's body. Nyree buried her face against her quivering organ and lashed it with her tongue, probing her moist walls. Seizing her swollen clitoris between her lips, she began sucking fiercely. Nyree devoured her greedily, giving Della a series of shattering thrills as she sucked gently one moment and savagely the next. She vibrated her tongue rapidly on the quivering stud with a delicious effect.

Della discovered that Nyree's skill at oral love making surpassed her own. She had a sadistic flair for teasing, for arousing Della to a frenzy of passion and, then at the moment of impending orgasm deliberately slowing down her kisses. Probing Della's hot walls with the tip of her long tongue in a delicate manoeuvre, she used a soft, dreamy suction on her clitoris.

Della was only vaguely aware that Chris was now sitting on the edge of the bed. He was naked, his huge prick erect and his eyes glittered at the two of them.

Della was almost hysterical from Nyree's teasing. She pulled Nyree's head desperately to her thighs and jerked her aching, wet pussy in spasms toward her. A moment later, Della gasped and quivered wildly as Nyree gave her a breathtaking orgasm. Nyree pierced Della deeply with her hot tongue and Della thought she would faint from sheer joy.

For five minutes, Nyree sucked Della's pussy with low moans of pleasure, then she released her and sat up.

"I could do that to you forever." Nyree panted. "But it's Chris' turn. We don't want you to do anything but lie there, darling."

"You forget, darling, I'm not the passive type," Della replied.

She reached over to grasp Chris' swollen cock in her hand, feeling desire kindle from the hot, pulsing thickness of the rod. She seized the knob-like tip between her wet lips and circled it with her tongue. She ran the tip of her tongue along the length of his shaft and beneath, over his swollen scrotum. Excited by the hot, fleshy maleness, she began kissing the prick greedily, using tiny flicks of her tongue to make Chris groan with bliss.

Della felt a delicious wet thrill on the sensitive sole of one foot when Nyree brought her own tongue into play. The tingling sensation went up along the underside of that leg, hovering over the flesh of Della's satiny buttock. Della braced herself for the next fiery thrill. The feeling was so pleasurable that she moaned and gently nipped at Chris' cock.

Sensing that he was nearing release, Della withdrew her lips quickly.

"Chris, sit on the edge of the couch," Nyree commanded. He quickly obeyed. Nyree knelt close to his knees. "Now, Della, get on his lap, with your back to him."

"Aren't you going to take part?" Della asked.

"Don't worry," Nyree chuckled. "I said I could lick your pussy forever and I'm not through yet. But I want to watch this first. Go ahead."

Della lowered herself cautiously on Chris' lap, holding onto his thighs for support. Nyree watched avidly, her tits heaving. Della grasped his shaft just behind the head and moistened this throbbing crown on the lips of her pussy, thrusting it in a mere inch. She hissed with pleasure as the thick hardness pressed against her burning pussy walls.

She stared between her legs, lowering herself slowly, biting her lips and groaning with joy. Chris' massive pole filled her slippery depths. She sank down until she was resting on him to the hilt. She flexed her pussy muscles sharply and Chris gasped. His arms circled her waist. Then his hands went up to gently squeeze her breasts, stroking the taunt nipples.

Slowly savouring every delicious moment, Della began to slide her pussy up and down on his immense organ. Using a soft, squiring motion, she sent hot ripples of bliss through her loins.

"How does it feel?" Nyree asked, kneeling before the two of them. Her face was contorted with wild excitement as she watched. "Tell me, Della, is his cock big enough for you?"

"Almost too much," Della gasped. "How do you take it?"

Nyree laughed. "We've been together since we were teenagers. I got use to that huge pole and I was able to take all of it after about a month of fucking."

Della slid down heavily. His searing pole made her feel as if she might burst. There was also the added excitement of having Nyree watch her fuck. Della was shivering and hugging her swollen breasts.

A moment later, she moved up between Della's parted thighs. She began kissing the fringe of Della's public hair, then her stomach and inner thighs.

Suddenly Nyree's tongue probed Della's slit, finding her swollen love stud. Della screamed in ecstasy at the electrifying sensation. Between the duel thrills, Chris' huge, thick cock ruppling inside her frenzied sheath and Nyree's skilful tongue writhing on her clitoris, it was almost more than Della could bear. She sobbed and jerked in a frantic rhythm, hugging Nyree's head tightly to her crotch, locking her cleft in spasms around Chris' shaft.

At last, feeling his impending climax, Della raised her ass high and hovered for a moment before she lunged down with all her might. She felt his burning eruption sting the walls of her channel. She clamped her pussy muscles violently, groaning and tugging at Nyree's hair to vent her delirious excitement. For several minutes, Della's hot, damp body twitched and jerked. She fell back against his chest, trembling.

"God, I've never felt anything quite like that!" Della gasped. Her clitoris still tingling. A glow of deep contentment welled up in her. "The two of you make quite a team."

"Ummmm, not bad for our first time at doing it this way," Nyree said.

Nyree's hand caressed Della's damp thighs. Her tongue darted out to circle her lips in a gesture of carnal desire.

Not again! thought Della with alarm. Nyree's hunger was frightening.

"I'd like to rest for a few minutes," Della said. "You are good, fantastic in fact, but between you and Chris, I'm worn out."

"As a matter of fact," Nyree said softly, taking Della's hand and placing it between her own hot thighs, "I'm ready for you to return the favour."

Nyree placed Della on her back on the couch and sat astride her hips. Brining herself into contact with Della, she created a soft, blissful friction. She writhed back and forth gently as she rubbed Della's shoulders and silken breasts. Pinching the nipples, she stroked all over her soft stomach.

Della trembled with desire. Nyree aroused her with a combination of softly caressing hands and her moist pussy. She covered every inch of Della's naked body, giving her a thrill as she inserted a finger deep into her pussy.

By the time Nyree finished, Della was on fire with lust and eager to do the same for Nyree. She lavished her touch all over Nyree's hot flesh, lingering over her swollen breasts and firm buttocks. She was wildly aroused from the delicious contact of their skins.

For a few minutes, Della and Nyree lay in a tight embrace, squirming and kissing passionately. Their mutual desire flared as their hot breasts and thighs pressed together.

"I can't wait any longer!" Nyree gasped.

She sat up quickly. She put her back against the arm rest, with her velvety thighs parted wide and her knees drawn up. Della lay on her stomach between Nyree's parted legs, facing Nyree's hairy valley. Her hands eagerly clutched Nyree's buttocks. She traced the outline of Nyree's nether lips with the tip of her tongue, feeling Nyree shudder, sinking her nails into her shoulders.

Della plunged her tongue deeply into her girlfriend's burning pussy, her heart beat fiercely as the wet essence covered her lips and tongue. She was only dimly aware that Chris was mounting her from behind. He leaned over her back, his hands squeezing her breasts as he made a tentative probe of her pussy with his hard dick.

The next moment he lunged into Della's love hole. Della concentrated all of her attention on Nyree's crotch, immersing herself in the delicious essence. She probed the quivering walls of her pussy with her tongue, then lavished frantic suction on Nyree's clit. Nyree sobbed loudly and shuddered her hips.

Chris thrust again and it quickly became a searing thrill as he impaled himself in her. He began a gentle jerking motion, groaning each time he slid in and inch further. Della began lunging up to meet him, to get more of the slippery prick.

Full a full minute, Nyree churned wildly beneath Della's fierce lips and tongue, gasping and contracting her pussy in ecstasy. Della held tightly to Nyree's writhing buttocks and filled her mouth with her girlfriend's tricking wetness.

A sudden pain made Della catch her breath as Chris lunged into her pussy with all his might. Della trembled as the hot libation filled her, tingling her with a strange fulfilment.

She felt Chris dismount, but she clung to Nyree's slippery hips, her hunger kindled anew by the fragrant moisture of her lips. She lost herself in a timeless, dreamy haze. She licked delicately, turning to Nyree's swollen clitoris after a few minutes. Seizing the nub between her soft lips, she fondled it with the tip of her tongue.

Then, for no reason, her hunger went berserk.

She pressed her face tightly to Nyree's hot, wet cleft. She vibrated her tongue in a frenzy, ignoring Nyree's cried, electrified by her succulent flesh. She used her lips to suck wildly as her tongue lashed. Nyree began to dig her nails into Della's back, screaming in painful ecstasy.

Della's hunger went as quickly as it came. She released Nyree and sat up, stretching languorously.

"And I thought I was insatiable!" gasped Nyree. She took a deep breath and shuddered. "I think it's time for all of us to take a shower."

"All three of us?"

"Sure, why not? Just imagine the trouble and fun we could all get into there," Nyree said with a grin.

Nyree casually grasped Chris' semi-erect prick on the way to the bathroom, hefting it in her palm. It quickly swelled again and Nyree felt the urge to engulf its massive flesh.

Della was about to ask how the three of them were going to gratify each other in the shower when she noticed how Nyree was staring at Chris' thick erection.

"Let's be a human sandwich," Della suggested. "Nyree, you be in the middle."

Nyree adjusted the spray to warm and the three of them stepped in. Nyree soaped Della down first, her fingers deftly arousing her to a feverish state of excitement. Della reciprocated, trembling at the feel of Nyree's hot, wet breasts, lavishing suds on her velvety thighs with caressing strokes. Nyree soaped Chris down, kneeling to seize his rigid rod in her mouth eagerly, feeling his urgency throb against her tongue.

She rose and pressed Della against a tiled wall, digging her slippery breasts against her lush tits. Thrusting her tongue between Della's lips, she moaned with impatience. Her fingers probed the lips of Della's pussy, then slid deep into her and began a hand thrusting motion. Groaning with excitement, Della sucked on Nyree's tongue and squeezed her breasts between her fingers.

Chris moved to join them. He pressed Nyree from behind. He reached between her thighs and explored her mound. He found her outer lips with his fingers and guided his massive cock into her pussy. She thrust her buttocks out to make his entrance easier, squirming against his loins.

Della was almost sobbing as Nyree lunged her fingers deeper into her burning depths. Snaking her tongue into Della's mouth, then she nipped her on her shoulder in a burst of passion.

Nyree groaned as she felt Chris' swollen tip tickle her outer walls, then suddenly plunge deep into her trembling channel. She clamped tightly on his hot flesh and reached to grasp one of Della's firm wet breasts in her mouth, sucking and biting the rigid nipple.

As Chris drove deeper into her tight valley, Nyree responded with a frantic shivering of her hips, urging him on. Della was biting Nyree's lower lip savagely, clawing her shoulders as ecstasy ripped through her body. She cried out and shuddered while Nyree stabbed her fingers in and out rapidly.

"Now!" Nyree screamed, wanting the three of them to have a simultaneous orgasm.

Chris steadied Nyree's hips with his hands as he drove into her seething box with all his might. Suddenly she felt his blazing eruption, a stream of tingling fire on her walls.

For a minute after it was over, Della clung to Nyree, jerking on her fingers in spasms. The three of them stayed entwined for a while, catching their breath. Then they dried each other. Nyree and Chris stayed the night and when morning came, the three of them repeated their love making until noon hour.