 The three sat outside on the porch drinking alcohol and waiting for her to get primed. The men just sat back smoking there cigarettes watching each time she laughed and exposed her breast just a little bit more each time.

Her husband moved next to her and kissed and groped her breast, allowing his friend total view. She knew it was wrong but deep inside she knew it was her fantasy and if only. Brandy enjoyed his kissing and allowed him to slip his hand in her shorts and his fingers into her hot pussy. The touch of his thumb against her clit shot fireworks throughout her body. She felt ashamed and turned on all the while. With every twist of his fingers in her she felt the ache inside increase even more. Finally when he knew that she was close he stopped. Rob knew she was there and didn't want her to finish, not yet. Rob sat back down next to Dan and grabbed another drink and smiled his wicked smile. Dan just sat there with a state of happy shock on his face. Brandy wasn't quite sure what to say or do next. She only knew that she needed, wanted more.

Brandy asked Rob to come inside and help her get more drinks deciding she needed to see what his agenda was tonight.

"Rob, what were you thinking out there?" she asked. He came up behind her and grabbed her around her waist then kissed passionately on her neck and blew into her ear just the way he knew would make her melt. She squirmed but not able to control herself she followed his lead and entered his shorts to find his cock and held it firmly. Squeezing it and running her hand up and down it several times. Next she got on her knees and licked his balls and sucked his cock allowing him to shove her head on to his cock deep into her throat.

After sometime he helped her up and told her to go in the bedroom and he would send Dan home. She agreed and went to their bedroom.

Rob went outside with an even bigger grin on his face. "Brandy's gone to bed" he told Dan as he sat down. "Okay, well I guess I should get on home. Let you two finish what you started."

"Here's another idea, why don't I go and start fucking her doggy. She'll have her face towards the wall; I'll leave the door cracked. You come in and switch places with me. I'll get her to suck my cock while you continue reaming her pussy." He paused, "she won't have time to think, she's so horny right now she'll just be happy to be filled..."

The plan was made and put into motion; Dan decided to go pickup some more drinks at the store giving Rob ample time to set everything up. Ten minutes went by and Dan was back with a raging cock. 

He entered the patio door in the bedroom as instructed by Rob; he couldn't believe Brandy hadn't noticed it opened. She must really be out of it to not notice the wind blowing the curtains. He stood there behind the curtains watching his best friend fucking his wife. How wrong this was, how incredible this night could, no, would be. How the three would never look at each other the same again. Dan slipped his clothes off still surprised she hadn't noticed his entry or the sound of his clothing coming off. Rob had heard and seen everything, pointing at her ass and grabbing her tits for Dan's viewing pleasure. Rob smacked her ass and Brandy let out a scream of desire instantly setting her into ramming speed back and forth on his cock, harder with each blow. Finally Rob gave Dan the cue that it was time to move. Rob asked his wife what toy would she want and got up "to get the toy". Seconds later Dan had moved into position and began wailing his friend's wife's pussy.

Rob stood in awe at his wife being nailed like this. Knowing this was only the second man she'd ever been with. He pressed the record button on the camera and moved into position shoving his cock down his beautiful brides throat.

Immediately Brandy began sucking his cock eagerly trying to will it to grow so that she could have more to swallow. Until suddenly she stopped, she realized there was a problem here, how was her husband standing in all his glory in front of her while there was a cock still fucking her from behind. Slowly she looked from her husband to her back. The realization that her husband was not fucking her had finally hit. The realization that Dan had not gone home and was in fact on his knees behind her with his cock still inside her pussy. Immediately she wanted to stop and question why and what they both were thinking, but instead, instead she decided to go along. To finally be that bad girl she had always wanted.

She took her husbands cock in her mouth and swallowed the shaft up to hilt over and over allowing him to know that he was a good boy but would be punished later. She then turned around and began to lavish Dan's cock with her deep kisses, sucking in more and more.

Rob feeling left out pulled her back and made her lay on her back taking his cock back into her mouth allowing Dan full sight of her pussy.

Dan wasn't quite sure at first what his friend was wanting but quickly got the hint from Brandy that she wanted to be licked and fucked by his fingers. Licking and sucking on her pussy lips all the while fucking her pussy first with one finger then with two harder and harder with each stroke. He couldn't get over this vision and continued lapping at her pussy until her hips began bucking. The first orgasm of many to come that night.

Brandy went to her lingerie drawer and pulled out a gathering of toys that shocked and dismayed Dan. Offering him his choice to fuck her even harder. Knowing he'd never been allowed to do this before on his own wife. Rob had another thought though, while he took control of the camera he offered his wife again, but for a more personal position of "69". He gave his wife her favorite tropical lube and told her to have fun.

With every lick, every suck of Dan's cock her control of her body loosened more and more. Each time he sucked on her pussy and shoved her "purple pussy eater" dildo in her pussy Dan knew she would cum once again. He continued to suck, continue to lick, continued to eat until she bucked no more. The screams of pleasure filled the room until she finally shoved her mouth back on his cock. Sucking harder and harder and licking more and more. Dan couldn't take it anymore and shot his cum in her mouth. What a glorious feeling, release of all the tension that had built up over the evening.

As Dan laid spent on the bed Rob smacked his wife's ass once more and told her to get up. He lay on the floor and told her to squat on his cock. Fucking up and down quickly letting out a moan after each twist of her nipple. Each thrust deeper and deeper Rob could feel his load build but wasn't ready to let her finish.

"Up slut" he stated firmly and she obeyed. He loved when she allowed him to dominate her. He led her back to the bed and told her to position herself for doggy. Dan was ready again but took his cue that this was Rob's position and instead took his chance with another glorious sucking of his cock.

Rob barely had his cock into position and with just the anticipation of what to come Brandy began bucking and moaning. A firm slap of the ass and she regained control. Sucking Dan's cock and forcing herself over and over onto Rob's cock. Rob could take it no more and the release had to come now. With each thrust of his jizz into her pussy the relief set in and he too collapsed.

The three lay in the bed, limbs twisted together unsure where this would take them. Only knowing in this present moment that everything felt so wrong and yet so right...