 It was just after two when I heard her car pull in to the driveway. She was out on a girls night, with Fiona; one of her friends. I heard the door open; she came in to the house, quietly walked to the bedroom and looked in.

"I'm awake." I said.

"How come you're still up? Couldn't sleep?" she asked as she walked over to the bed and sat down to take her shoes off.

"How are you? Where have you been?" I asked.

"We went to a bar and had a bit to eat and drink, then just went back to her place."

"Did you run into your friend?" I asked a little jealously. 

Her friend was this guy she got to know a few months ago and ended up fucking on a couple of occasions. I never did know his name.

By now she had finished undressing threw her clothes on the floor and pulled on her nightly.

"Yes he was there." She said with a girlish smile.

"Did he go back to Fiona's?"

"Yes, we had some drinks, a couple of joints, and..." She went silent.

"And? What happened."

"I'm so stoned; and, well he FUCKED Fiona."

"With you there?"

"Ahha."

" Did you see?"

"Ahha." She replied still a bit out of it.

"What happened?"

This was her story.

"He met us at the bar and we just talked and had a few drinks. Then Fiona suggested we go back to her place for a nightcap. When we got back to her place, we all had a few more drinks, then a couple of joints. We were all pretty mellow by now. 

I sat with him on the sofa and Fiona sat across from us on other sofa. Well we started fooling around. He was kissing me and playing with my tits while Fiona sat there and watched us. At one point he looked up at Fiona, than back at me again. I smiled at him, and squeezed the bulge in his pants; he took this to mean to go to her. 

It was like it was all in a dream. I sat there and watched him go to Fiona, sit down next to her and put his arm around her. He winked at me and I smiled back. He lent over and kissed her; she kissed back. I just sat there and watched them make out; I wanted to see how far they would go. I was a bit jealous, but getting very turned on. He pushed his hand under her shirt and started rubbing her tits. She was rubbing his crotch. While he was unbuttoning her shirt he looked at me and told me to come over. 

I sat on the floor next to him and watched. He undid her shirt then bra; he licked her tits. She undid his belt and pulled his pants and jocks to his ankles. His cock was already fairly stiff. I watched as Fiona reached over and slowly started pulling his cock. She was moaning as he sucked her nipples. He reached down and started running his fingers through my hair, as I helped him get his pants and jocks of. As he played with my hair he pulled me closer; I sat between his legs and watched her pulling his now long and very stiff cock. I was in a trance. Fiona looked at me and smiled, she was holding his cock in her hand. I felt him guide my head towards his lap; she pushed his cock into my mouth and I took it in. I sucked his cock while they were kissing." 

She stopped for a moment and looked at me, realizing that I had slowly started pumping my cock. I reached over and moved my other hand between her legs. She made no complaints just opened her legs. I wondered if she opened her legs for him as well.

"Did you enjoy sucking his long cock?" I asked, emphasizing the long cock part.

"Ahha. You know how I love big cocks." She answered back in a sultry tone.

"Tell me the rest." I asked her.

"While I was busy, I didn't realize that Fiona had taken her panty of and he was fingering her. When I saw this I stopped playing with his cock; I had never seen a pussy this close before; she looked so sexy. Fiona was running her fingers through my hair and moaning loudly. I then pulled his cock while he fingered Fiona; she moved her legs wider and laid back on the sofa. He knelt between Fiona's legs; I was behind him, still pumping his cock. He moved forward as Fiona pulled her knees up fully opening her pussy to him. It was then that I suddenly realized how far this had gone; he was going to fuck her. I stopped pulling his cock and guided it to her waiting cunt. She pulled her pussy open. I held his cock as he pushed the head into her cunt. I sat back as he slowly pushed his whole length into her."

I moaned.

"You like me talking about his big dick, don't you?" She asked.

I didn't reply; I just kept pulling my cock and gently rubbing her clit.

She reached over and grabbed my cock, she held it, then pulled it a couple of times, before telling me: "His cock is much thicker than yours and more than twice as long; it's superb."

"Did he fuck you as well?" I asked.

"Why don't you feel me and see."

I pushed two, then three fingers in; they went in easily. Her pussy felt real loose.

"What do you think?" She asked.

I pulled the covers of her and moved down slowly; she lifted her leg and put it down on the other side of my head. I was looking straight up at her sex.

"Wow, you're pussy's stretched."

She put her hands on her knees and pulled them wide apart.

I moved a bit closer and saw her gaping hole, matted pubic hair, dried cum all over; some cum was still pooled inside her.

" I told you his cock was thick. Do you like it stretched?" She asked.

"What happened next? Tell me more." I asked in a very excited state.

"Well, while he fucked her I just sat and watched them; this got me so excited. I pulled my jeans and panties of and started rubbing myself."

She reached down and once again very softly rubbed her clit.

"Why don't you lick my pussy?" she asked

I made no move; I was in a daze, pulling my cock and staring at her sex.

"Go on, lick it. You know you'd like to. It would make me very happy."

"Go on, do it. Lick it." She didn't ask; she told.

I moved closer to her hole; rested my head on the side of her thigh; hesitantly stuck my tongue out and licked her hole.

"Oohh." She moaned. "That's a good boy. Just keep licking and I'll tell you more. You are so good with your tongue. Do you want to hear the rest?" She asked.

"Oh yes." I mumbled; my mouth filling with her (and his) juices. 

"Fiona watched me fingering myself; pulled away from him, came over to me and kissed me. It was one of the most electric things I have ever felt. She took my hand, took his hand and led us to her bedroom. We all climbed onto her bed. He lay on his back: his massive hard-on pointing to the ceiling; we each lay on either side of him and milked his cock in turn; we sucked it while watching each other. 

I so needed him inside me. I moved my leg over him and squatted over his cock; it was almost touching my entrance. Fiona reached over and took his cock. With her other hand she cupped my pussy (this was the first time another girl touched me), she spread my lips, pushed the head to my opening, and I slowly sat down. He was wonderful, so thick and long; I could feel his cock in my belly; fucking me, fucking my cunt."

"You like it when I fuck someone else, don't you? 

"And licking the cum from my hole. Does it taste nice, are you excited?"

She reached down by the side of the bed and found her discarded panty. She sniffed it.

"This smells good." She said as she pushed it down to my face.

"When you cum, cum in this, and maybe you can lick it later." She was still high and very randy. I loved it when she got like this; she lost all inhibition and became very slutty.

"When you were on top, is that when he came in you?' I asked.

"No, he fucked me from behind, but before then, Fiona needed him as well, she got on all fours with her cunt pointing at him. I climbed of and he took her from behind. She was moaning so loudly, then, with a huge shudder she came. He was about to shoot his load

In to her when she told him not to cum in her. So I got next to Fiona, and told him to cum inside me.

"You told him to cum in your pussy?" I asked, about to blow.

"Ahhha. Honey, I needed him; I needed his cock to fill me: and he did."

With that, I could not hold on any longer; blew into her panties, and we both fell asleep.