 Call it fate, call it luck, call it an act of the gods, but one day we just kind of bumped into each other on a lit erotic chat room. We were both in dead end marriages and looking for someone to enjoy life with, even if it was via a chat room. 

Rose is her name. She is a southern beauty, in her mid-forties, light brown with blonde highlights, a bit overweight, but very attractive. I'm six feet, late forties, dark hair and dark eyes, mustache, a few pounds overweight myself and good looking. 

It all started out innocently enough with suggestive chat. Then it moved to discussing our sexual needs and deepest desires. Then we discovered that there was a weekend when we would both be alone. She would fly out to meet me and stay with me. It was all set. Then I remembered one of the first real deep desires that she revealed to me. She would like to participate in a threesome with me and another woman. Now obviously this is not only her fantasy but the fantasy of every man who ever lived. I set about to make it happen. 

I thought hard and remembered a young woman named Christ. She was tall, in her mid-thirties, a bit overweight, very attractive, and highly sexually charged. I called her and we met for a drink. We had always been able to talk about anything. So, being the bold one that I am I came out and asked her if she ever thought about being with another woman in a threesome. She said nothing for a minute, then she smiled, and said, "Love to."

The stage was set. We would surprise Rose. Chris would drop over and we would have a glass of wine and go from there. 

I picked Rose up at the airport at four-thirty. By the time we got her luggage and stopped for a quick bite to eat, it was nearly seven when we arrived at my place. We went into the T.V. room and sat on the couch. We chatted for a few minutes and then kissed. The passion overtook us immediately and we began to make out like teenagers. We kissed, necked, and petted. We were both getting extremely aroused when the doorbell rang.

"Don't answer it," said Rose. "I want to make love to you right now." Before I could answer the doorbell rang again. I told her that we had time and that I had better get it. It was Chris. I ushered Chris in and introduced her to Rose as one of my students. (I'm a college professor.) Being the good host I poured glasses of wine. Rose's face was flushed and you could tell she was really horny. 

We sat on the couch with Rose in between us. We chatted for a while and I began to lightly caress Rose's stocking encased leg. I ran my finger tip up and down her thigh pretending I was doing it without thinking. The wine and the finger were beginning to have the desired effect by rekindling Rose's arousal. 

I waited a bit longer and then leaned over and kissed Rose. At first she hesitated but then she responded. It was as though she forgot all about Chris. I began to nibble at her neck and began to massage her right breast. She let out a sigh and then Chris tentatively reached over and took Rose's left breast in her hand. Rose seemed to freeze for a second and then she relaxed as I kissed her deeply on the mouth. 

As we kissed Chris began to unbutton Rose's blouse. Her blouse opened we both reached in and began to massage he bra encased breasts. We pinched and pulled on her nipples through the material of her bra. In moments Chris had unclasped Rose's bra and now we were both caressing the warm flesh of Rose's breasts. Her nipples were growing and becoming engorged. She sighed softly into my mouth.

We lowered our heads as the same time and began to nurse on Rose's breasts. I looked at Chris and could tell she was deeply into it. As we sucked my hand slid up Rose's thigh to her panty clad pussy. My fingers glided up and down and Rose began to gasp. Her hips began to rise and fall. It was then that Chris leaned up and kissed Rose passionately. Rose responded and both women were deeply into the kiss. In a matter of moments, Rose grunted and her hips began to buck. She came, making her panties wet with desire. 

We let Rose relax for a moment and then we slid her panties down her legs. Chris got down on her knees, lifted her skirt, and placed her lips on Rose's hairy pussy. I began to kiss Rose's neck, throat, and ears as Chris licked the delicate folds and the swollen clit. Rose began to moan out lout now as she abandoned herself to the pleasure. She pulled her legs up to her chest exposing her pussy completely to Chris. I held her right leg and in moments she cried out and began to cum. 

He whole body spasmed in orgasmic release as her hips bucked and her breathing became eratic. In a while she began to return to normal. Chris placed one more kiss on Rose's wet lips and then sat up. 

As Rose's breathing returned to normal, she got down on her knees, and slid Chris's panties down her legs and off her feet. Rose lowered her face into Chris's trimmed, black haired pussy. 

Rose began to lick Chris's pussy with relish. My cock was straining in my pants, so I let him our for some air. I kicked my pants and boxers off. I slid behind Rose, raised her skirt, and then slowly inserted my cock into her warm, wet pussy.

We fell into a kind of a rhythm and soon all three of us were gasping and moaning. I had reached around and was stroking Rose's clit with one hand while I held her hip with the other. The sight of Rose's head buried between Chris's legs was too much and in a few moments I began to cum. A few moments later Chris shuddered and she came. It was not long until Rose came again. 

The three of us slid down on the floor and just cuddled together for a while. When we had caught our breaths we finished disrobing and headed for the whirlpool. We pour some wine, lit some candles and luxuriated in the swirling bubbles. We all looked forward to a great weekend.