 When he first walked in the door he didn't even realize that the long blonde hair, smooth legs and slender arched back didn't belong to his girlfriend. His mind reverted back to two weeks earlier when, on a day like this, he had arrived home from work to find his girlfriend in a similar position, only on her back. Her eyes had been closed and she had been moaning so loudly that she didn't hear him come in. He had watched her for a minute or so as her fingers moved inside her gently and slowly. She had arched her back further and started to slide her fingers faster and deeper inside of her. As her breath quickened he got harder until, finally, he couldn't take it anymore and surprised her by lightly tasting her wet pussy. At first she was startled because she hadn't realized he was there, but she quickly relaxed and let her legs fall slack to the bed. 

Since that afternoon, though, she had cut her long hair and dyed it a deep red. He'd only known her as a blond and was still getting used to the change. The red was sexy, but he was still a little surprised every morning when he woke up to it. He liked the shortness too, especially when she had his cock in her mouth and he could grab the hair on the back of her head and push her down, further around his cock. 

They had been going out for almost a year before she mentioned that she had always wanted to be with another woman. He was actually surprised to hear that she hadn't, because in their year together they had done almost everything he had ever fantasized about. It was in bed one night after they had made love for the third time in a row that she confessed what, for some reason, she had always felt self-conscious about it even though she knew it was quite a common desire. For some reason, though, she always felt shy and reluctant telling people this desire of hers. She felt even more shy about actually acting on it. It came to a point though where she felt that she was entirely sexually satisfied. She had had great sex with amazing people and she was confident and free. Completely satisfied. But for this one thing. They agreed that when the opportunity arouse, they would make love with a woman. That night she had fallen into a still and peaceful sleep. The next morning they made love twice before leaving the bed. In the weeks to come she would find herself with a renewed vigor for life. 

For months she lived off the idea that her fantasy would be fulfilled. It took her a while to realize, however, that it would take more than an agreement between two parties to have sex with a third to make it happen. There needed to actually be that third. She left the other woman as an unconscious thought that was always, subtly in the back of her mind. Now that she had actually agreed out loud and to herself that she would realize this fantasy and make love to another woman, she simply stopped worrying about it. It would happen when the time was right. 

Then one day, at work, there was a new girl. Though they were formally introduced during a Monday morning meeting, they met when they got off the subway that same morning. She had noticed her at first because they looked similar. Both petite, with long straight blond hair. They were even dressed similarly, in black dresses with coloured tights and various quirky accessories. She could immediately tell that they had a similar type of job. What she still called "a grown up job," where you had to dress somewhat conservatively, and both had chosen to accessorize in order to add some personality to their outfits. 

She thought that the brief glance they shared when getting off the subway would be it, but she was surprised to find that they took the same street heading east, then the same turn at the same stoplight. She quickly realized that this woman she had shared a Monday morning glance with was the new girl. 

She lost her once they were inside the building. At her desk with her thermos of coffee between her hands she thought about how she felt about this new girl. It stirred her that they seemed to be similar in age and appearance. Until now she herself was the only employee in her twenties and she often felt underappreciated because of her relative inexperience. She had uncertain feelings about another girl her age working alongside her. On the one had she was glad because now she wouldn't be the only young person there and perhaps they could even give the company a new and fresh feel. But she also felt something else. Was it envy? No, it couldn't be. She had felt a stir.

Over the next few months they built up a friendship based on mutual interests, similar lifestyles and their fun playful personalities. On a Friday night after they had known each other for about six months, they went out for what was now their usual post Friday afternoon drink. On this particular afternoon, both were worn out from a busy and stressful week and so their usual drink turned into ten and, as usually happens when they drank together they got a little silly. Before long they were talking about sex and threesomes, and she found out that her new friend was quite experienced and loved threesomes. She confessed that she had never had one, but had always had a desire to try one. 

"So, do you want to?" her new friend asked. 

"I do."

"With me?"

"Would you be into that?"

"I would."

Before she could answer her new friend leaned in and, ever so slightly, grazed her lips with her tongue. Both women closed their eyes and leaned in closer. It was not the first time that either had kissed another girl, but it was the most intimate for both of them. 

The night ended with a few more kisses and lots more sharing and giggling. 

So, on this afternoon it took him a moment to realize that the blond lying on his bed wasn't her, but some girl he had never seen before. It was in that same instant that he saw that his girlfriend was on the bed, on her back underneath the blond. She was in almost the exact same position he had discovered her in two weeks earlier, on her back with her eyes closed and her legs open, moaning. Only this time her hands weren't between her legs. One was stretched out to her left, clenching the bed sheets while the other was laced through the blond hair, gently pushing the head down into her pussy. He stood watching as she bit her bottom lip and took her hand off the blond head and brought it up to her right nipple and circled it slowly with her index finger. The blond had her hands on either side of his girlfriend's legs and was holding them down, open. Sometimes when her pussy was being licked she would thrash her legs, which was incredibly sexy but potentially dangerous for the person doing the licking. He was sweetly startled by this intimacy between these two women, the fact that the blond had already discovered this and was holding down his girlfriend's legs so that she could bury her whole face into his girlfriend's pussy. As the moaning got louder and louder the blond took a moment to raise her face and slip her middle and index fingers into the wet pussy in front of her. While she licked her lips she noticed that he was in the room. 

"Ohh, hi," she said in a soft voice, "we've been waiting for you."

"Hi babe, we we're going to wait for you to get home, but, well, we got started without you. You don't mind, do you?"

It took a moment for him to catch his breath and answer. Watching the two women he had been careful not to stir so as not to disrupt the scene before him. But now he had been invited in. He suddenly felt out of place in his own home, here he was standing, clothed while the mood in the room was entirely different. He put down his bag, took off his jacket, then realized he still had his shoes on. Bending down to unlace them felt like it would take ages and seemed like a waste of time when there were two almost naked women on his bed. He left the room so he could do the awkward shoe shuffling by the front door, while the blond turned her face again towards the pussy on the bed in front of her and his girlfriend sank back down on the bed. Once in the front hallway he quickly threw off his shoes, took off his vest, unbuttoned the top two buttons of his white shirt and took off his socks. Then he ran back to the bedroom, stopping a few paces before he would be seen so that he could slow down to a casual stroll. 

The scene in the bedroom had changed slightly. His girlfriend was in a similar position, though she had rolled onto her side and had one hand running along the long smooth leg of the blond while the other propped her head up. The blond was lying alongside the redhead and the two were kissing slowly and delicately, licking each others lips and making small slow circles inside each other's mouths with their tongues. His erection stiffened slightly when he noticed that the shiny glisten he had originally seen around the mouth of the blond had been transferred somewhat to the redhead. The women stopped kissing and turned to him while the redhead grabbed his hand and pulled him down onto the bed. She half turned and wrapped one leg around him, murmured, "welcome home," then gave him one long lingering kiss. Two of the most familiar tastes, her mouth and her pussy, mixed with a third, exotic taste was enough to make him let out a low moan. She slowly moved her face down and began to unbutton his shirt while he leaned over her and lightly licked the lips of the blond. After a couple of seconds they kissed harder and as he bit her lip he again tasted that exotic taste, only stronger and again mixed with the familiar sweet taste of his girlfriends pussy, also stronger and still wet on these stranger's lips. 

When she had unbuttoned the last button of his shirt his girlfriend ran her tongue low across his navel, right above the belt of his pants, which always made him shudder. He slide two fingers inside the blonds red lace bra, circled her nipple with one finger and closed his eyes as the redhead loosed his belt buckle and continued licking him. He closed his eyes tighter and gave the nipple a squeeze between his thumb and index finger as he felt that final tight squeeze and slight pressure that came right before the top button of his jeans was undone. She unzipped his jeans slowly and he felt her fingers graze his cock through the light cotton of his boxers, but then she stopped and crawled up through his arms and settled in between him and the blond. With her back to him, the two women resumed their slow kissing while he cupped the breast that belonged to the nipple he had been playing with. With her eyes still closed and her tongue still moving slowly inside of the blond's mouth, the redhead reached around, past his own hand and undid the bra. As she brought her hand back to the front of the blond, she slowly dragged the strap with it, fully revealing the breast he had been massaging. She then gently pushed his hand away, and moved to flick her tongue over the nipple he had been playing with. His hand came to rest on her hips while the blond again tasted his mouth. The taste of his girlfriend's pussy was now very faint and all the more tantalizing on her lips. He moved his hand across his girlfriend's hips and could sense her wetness without touching it. His pinky finger gently nestled into the small patch of hair she had recently grown, another thing he was still getting used to since she had usually been shaved clean. As he did this, the blond had moved her hand to the back of the girlfriend's head and was running her fingers back and forth through the red hair while the mouth beneath it sucked and licked furiously. 

While the two above continued kissing the redhead traced her finger down the blonds stomach and came to rest on her hip, right above the red strap of lace that covered her vagina. He felt the blond change positions slightly and opened his eyes to see her roll slightly onto her back, opening her legs to welcome the single finger the redhead had slipped under the elastic band of her panties. She moved her finger further down until she could feel the warm wetness. She gently rubbed the lips of this unfamiliar landscape. When her finger was covered with wetness she brought her hand slowly out from between the legs as she rolled over, onto her knees. As the other two watched, she placed the wet finger deep in her mouth and closed her lips in a tight O around it and slowly pulled the finger out. While she let out a soft murmur of satisfaction the blond rolled completely onto her back, letting the other half of her bra fall off. 

Seeing one woman on her back with only her panties on and the other on her hands and knees with only her bra on he was suddenly aware of the pressure on his erection caused by his tight jeans. He stood up to pull his pants off while the redhead crawled over the blond and licked one nipple while her hand stroked the other. The blond let out a quick gasp and then a low moan as the redhead lowered herself onto the blond and let her pussy rest on her thigh. He knew that feeling well, the feeling of her wet pussy on his leg while she sucked his cock. It was odd yet exhilarating to know that feeling, yet be unaware of how it felt on that other smooth thigh. 

As he lowered himself back onto the bed, the two women shifted to welcome him in and each placed one hand on either side of his boxers and pulled down slowly, in unison, as though it had been planned but certainly wasn't because they both had their eyes closed and were in the last seconds of a long lingering kiss. He let out a rush of air as his erection was freed. He remained on his knees while the two women took turns licking his cock. As he closed his eyes the blond lay on her back and slid further down the bed until her head was aligned with the redhead's pussy. As she wrapped her mouth around the cock in front of her, she again felt the slow licks of the blonds tongue. She moved her mouth back and forth around the cock faster and faster as the blond flicked her tongue in and out of her vagina and flicked her clit with a single finger. She spread her legs further apart and lowered her body onto the mouth below her. As the blond sank further into the bed she reached her hands up to cup her hips and pull the pussy into her mouth. The redhead let out a moan that never passed her lips because she had the cock deep in her mouth and was sucking furiously. The two familiar feelings of sucking a cock and having her pussy licked, albeit from an unfamiliar mouth, made her wonder what it would be like when she finally licked the blond woman's pussy. She had thought about it many times in the past, and even more so since they had agreed to spend this afternoon together but she still couldn't imagine exactly what the feeling would be like. Her slight nervousness combined with her desire to taste and feel the blond's pussy made her even more wet and she again pushed her torso down and slowly rocked back and forth onto the mouth below her. 

With her eyes closed the blond could feel, but not hear, the shudders that never turned to moans because of the cock she knew was deep in the throat of the woman above her. She pulled slightly on the hips she was holding above her and though it seemed impossible for them to be any closer, the redhead pushed down while the blond pushed her face further into the pussy. As her nose grazed the short dark hairs of the redheads pussy she wondered what position she would be in when the woman whose pussy she was now licking finally licked hers. A position like this would be amazing, but she knew that it would be her first time licking a pussy. Maybe, she mused, she should lay on her back so that she could guide and push her other woman's head. As she imagined squeezing her legs around the redhead's back so that her face would be buried in her pussy, the blond sucked the clit above her until she again felt, but couldn't hear the moans coming from the redhead. She sucked until she knew that the redhead had come, then lay back and breathed in deeply. She closed her eyes and caught her breath and when she opened them again the other two were kissing slowly. She sat up and embraced them together while the redhead turned to face her. They kissed slowly and the sensation that was already becoming familiar to the blond was slightly different because she could taste the leftover semen on the redheads lips. She was aching to have her pussy licked, but she also wanted to wait because the idea of being the first pussy that the redhead would ever taste was enthralling and she wanted to hold off, to keep imagining, for a bit longer. 

They shared a few more kisses before pulling apart in a unanimous decision for a break. By now the sun was going down and the silver orange sky illuminated the sweat on all of their bodies. Breathless still, the redhead pulled on her black satin panties and went to the kitchen for water. While the blond searched through piles of clothes for her t-shirt he went to the bathroom cupboard, got his supplies and rolled a joint. By the time the redhead came back to the bathroom the other two were lounging on the bed, ready to smoke. With music playing quietly in the background they smoked and chitchatted in a slow relaxed way. They were all in their own ways surprised at how comfortable they felt. He because he had come recently and was now smoking a joint. She felt comfortable simply by virtue of not feeling uncomfortable in the bedroom of these new friends. And the redhead because her nervousness about what was to come had all but vanished. Whatever small amount remained was dull enough and transformed enough by the marijuana to be indistinguishable from excitement. 

After a few more minutes of slow talking and quiet giggling about inconsequential things, she got up the courage to wordlessly straddle the blond who was leaning against the corner of the bed, her back to the far wall. She tasted differently because of the smoke and when she closed her eyes she realized that they were kissing each other the exact same way, in mirrored images. Inch by inch they both slid down the bed until they were no longer touching the wall, but laying flat, one on her back and one on her stomach. While the blond stopped sliding once her head rested flat on one of the pillows strewed on the bed, the other girl kept sliding downwards, slowly. She kept her eyes closed and moved her mouth and body down over the girl beneath her. With both hands she slid her loose gray t-shirt up over her stomach and let it come to rest just below her breasts. She gently kissed and licked down the stomach slowly, inch by inch. Finally she came to the red band resting below her navel. Slowly, slowly she pulled the elastic band down bit by bit. With every pull, a new unfamiliar patch of skin was revealed and she kissed and licked that skin with a delicate grace. When it came time for the final pull, the blond lifted her hips slightly and the redhead pulled the panties up over her thighs and down past her calves and with a final tug pulled them past her feet and tossed them to the ground. She crawled back up the bed and stopped where the blond had her knees resting in a V position. Gently, she pushed the knees apart and down onto the bed. 

Her movements were all slow and deliberate, a consequence of her wanting to maintain the excitement she felt and make these next few minutes run perfectly. Once the legs were flat on the bed, she could clearly see the vagina in front of her. The skin was smooth and hairless and for a moment she felt a pang of nervousness because the lips flared out differently than her own. But then she noticed the glisten all around the mouth of the vagina and realized that they were both soaking wet. She slowly slid a finger, the same finger as before, in. She left it in for a moment, feeling everything. Then, instead of pulling her finger out as she had last time she slowly drew her finger until on the tip was still inside. Then, never breaking contact, she circled the mouth of pussy first with just the one finger but quickly with two. The blond had started to moan softly and rock slowly so she knelt down further and, finally, gave the pussy one slow long lick. She felt immediately relieved when the blond gave a sigh of approval. 
