 Danny and Janice Maxwell had been married for three years. They both had good jobs. They had a satisfactory marriage. They had been able to purchase a two bedroom condominium and they lived comfortably.

Danny had been a ladies man as a single guy and on occasion missed the variety that single life offered. He was six feet two inches in height and weighed two hundred pounds. 

Janice worked as a stockbroker for a medium sized financial institution. She was an attractive woman with auburn hair. She stood five feet seven inches in height and weighed one hundred twenty pounds. She had expressive green eyes. One of her assets was that she was able to see humor on the bleakest of days. Another of her assets was her long legs that seemed to go forever. She dressed conservatively at work.

Danny and Janice loved to ski and did so regularly in Vermont which was a four hour trip from their New Jersey home. 

One of Danny and Janice's favorite things to do was to hang out in and out of bed in their home on a Sunday. They would have a breakfast, read the papers and make love often. On one of these Sundays, Danny had blurted to Janice that on occasion that he had a fantasy that he would like to watch Janice suck off a guy. Janice asked why he would like that to happen and he responded it was only a fantasy. She looked at him carefully and did not say anything more.

One ritual that Danny and Janice did every New Years Eve was to make a reservation at their favorite inn located in Vermont and then drive up and ski for a few days during that holiday. Danny always liked to have his wife wear a skirt and heels for at least one of the nights that they were in Vermont. They both enjoyed getting out on the slopes on New Year's Day early in the morning and skiing before the hung-over crowds would arrive. They would ski until about two o'clock and then they would go to one of many pubs that surrounded the ski mountain and party. On occasion they would bring up a bottle of Cognac for the room in the event they wanted a nightcap

One New Years Eve vacation took them to Vermont. The weather that ski season had been unseasonably warm. The skiing was not great. As a result they skied little and would go out to the pubs or just return to their inn. It was two days after New Years Eve and Danny and Janice had spent the day doing some shopping. They returned to the inn and showered and dressed for dinner. The inn had excellent food so they chose to eat dinner there. At Danny's request Janice wore a skirt (black and just to the knee) with off black pantyhose and black pumps with a white silk blouse. 

They drank wine with dinner. Janice was feeling especially affectionate at dinner. They were seated in a side by side configuration and she had placed Danny's hand on her legs and was kissing the side of his face. Danny's mind went off to his fantasy that he had expressed to her months earlier. He was going to bring it up but thought better of it and kept silent.

After dinner they went to the bar area of the inn that had an English style pub. There were about six stools and a few tables there. The owner had candles lit and there was soft music in the background. 

There was one couple in the pub and they were seated at one of the tables. There was one patron at the bar. He was a man of about twenty-five years old. His name was Jeffrey. He was alone as he was not on vacation but rather was a ski patroller trying to get his certification. He was average in height and weight. Danny introduced himself and Janice to Jeffrey. They spoke on the ski conditions and Jeffrey openly worried about his test that was scheduled for the next day. Janice sat on a bar stool that placed her between her husband and Jeffrey. Danny noticed that when Jeffrey would speak to his wife that he would sneak glances at his wife's legs. Danny never let on. 

Danny noticed that when she would speak to Jeffrey that her body would turn towards him and that when she crossed and or uncrossed her legs that Jeffrey would look first at Danny and then quickly look at Janice's legs. It seemed that her skirt was riding up her legs while she sat and they all talked. Jeffrey was drinking beer and his new friends were drinking wine. Janice squeezed her husband's hand to get his attention. When they made eye contact (and while Jeffrey was looking in the opposite direction) Janice pushed out the inside of her cheek with her tongue and mouthed "Okay"? She did this at the same time she was motioning towards Jeffrey.

Danny's heart nearly stopped. He nodded. He almost felt faint. The ball had been handed off to Danny. He asked Jeffrey if he would like to join himself and Janice in their room to have a nightcap of Cognac. After considering the offer Jeffrey accepted. They walked up the stairway with Janice and her legs leading the way.

They arrived in the room. Janice suggested that Danny get the bathroom cup as a third glass as they had only bought up two glasses. Danny went into the bathroom and came out with a cup. He poured the glasses for Jeffrey and his wife and then poured the bathroom cup for himself.. Danny then excused himself and went into the bathroom.

While he was in there, Danny ran the water, flushed the toilet twice and stayed there for about five minutes. He had placed his ear against the door and heard motion in the room but no conversation. 

Danny came out of the bathroom and noticed that Jeffrey looked uncomfortable. He also noticed that Janice's lipstick was somewhat smeared.

Janice mentioned that poor Jeffrey had made himself hard over looking at her legs at the bar and she offered to "help him out". She asked if Danny minded. Danny in a barely audible voice said he did not mind. Janice walked over to Jeffrey and pulled the zipper to his pants down. She then got on her knees and pulled his cock out. Jeffrey's cock had a mushroom head and pointed to the left slightly. Janice licked the head while she looked at Danny and then placed the head in her mouth and sucked. Danny's heart pounded and he was filled with a little anger, some fear and overwhelming lust. Jeffrey moaned and that coincided with the moans coming out of Janice's mouth as she slobbered and milked at his cock. Jeffrey started to move in and out of Janice's mouth and appeared ready to come. Janice stopped and got up from her knees on the floor and retrieved her purse.

Without saying anything she got out her mirror, wiped off the remaining lipstick and then applied a new coat. She did this while seated on a chair in the room. She took a few minutes to do this. At the same time Jeffrey's cock did not diminish in size. His cock bobbed in the air and there seemed to be a pulse to it as he waited. Danny was barely breathing and he said nothing. 

Janice summoned Jeffrey towards her mouth and he walked the few feet to his destination. She looked at Danny and started her tongue on Jeffrey's cock. Her red lips were wrapped around the crown of his cock and she pulled on it with a tightly closed mouth. Danny now stood to the right and rear of Jeffrey as he watched his wife devour the cock in her mouth.

After about two minutes Jeffrey groaned and when he did Janice opened her mouth and accepted the heavy spurts of Jeffrey's come at it splashed. As this was going on, she stared intently at Danny. She used her hands and lips to milk out the last few droplets of come. She looked once more at Danny then swallowed and smiled at him. Jeffrey dressed and left. Danny spent the next two hours fucking his wife with vigor that had not shown itself in three years.