 Lisette closed the restroom door behind her, walked to the elevator, pressed the button, and waited. She had less than one minute to get back to her desk. She looked up at the display panel and saw that the elevator had left the ground level, but appeared to be stopping on every floor. I don't have time for this. I can't be late again. Lisette looked down at her watch and saw that she had less than thirty seconds remaining before her break was over. She kicked off her shoes and sprinted for the stairs. She ran down a flight of stairs, burst from the stairwell at full speed, and made it to her desk a second before the office manager, Ms. Hayes, turned the corner and approached from the opposite end of the hallway. No one in the fourth floor office pod witnessed her last-second sprint.

That was too close.

"Ms. Berenger, you're looking rather flushed," Ms. Hayes remarked. "Are you feeling well?"

Lisette started to say 'yes', but then she realized this was her best chance to get out of the office and take care of her needs.

"I might be coming down with something," Lisette answered. "My heart is racing and I'm having difficulty breathing. I think I need to lie down. If Mr. Stewart were here, I would ask him if I could leave. But he isn't due back until after lunch."

"Do you have any sick days remaining?" Ms. Hayes asked.

"All of them. I haven't missed a single day this year."

"Then why don't you go home? I'll get someone else to cover this afternoon for you."

"Thank you. I think that would be best."

Lisette turned off her computer, tidied up her desk, and headed for the elevator. As soon as the doors closed behind her, she felt a wave of desire cascading from her pussy. She knew she had to find some cock. She just hoped that she would make it home before the hunger overwhelmed her.

Lisette had no idea what she would do once she got home. She had an assortment of dildos and vibrators in her apartment, but no living, breathing, cum-spewing cock would be waiting for her. Maybe if I go to the pool, I might get lucky. I have a new bikini....

The elevator door opened and she stepped out -- onto the fifth floor again. In her haste to leave the building, she walked into the 'up' elevator when she should have waited for the 'down' car to arrive. To make matters worse, the doors closed behind her and the box descended before she could correct her mistake.

The wave of desire that was once gnawing at her senses had become a full-blown hunger demanding immediate attention. She realized that she would never make it home. She couldn't think clearly. I can't be here. I have already clocked out for the day.

Lisette heard footsteps approaching. She ducked into the restroom-- the same restroom she had just fled less than ten minutes earlier.

 * * *