 Once Cara had watched Robert with another man the day he'd introduced her to anal sex, the idea of seeing two guys together still excited her. 

When she'd seen a cable movie one night that featured a woman engaged in sex with two men, she became curious and aroused, an element that never before occurred to her. Once it did, her newest fantasy could only be explored if she discussed it with the right person.

"Let me ask you something," she said to Robert one day while they were hanging out at his pool. "Have you ever done a guy and a girl at the same time?"

He raised his eyebrows and grinned. "Well, what brought up that subject?"

"Just something I'd thought about a few times."

"Wouldn't have anything to do with you seeing me fuck Mark the other day, would it?"

"Possibly."

"Too bad Mark's gay, but I have someone else in mind. He's even closer to your age."

Cara was curious. "Who?"

"My cousin Marcus."

"My God, Rob, he and I haven't seen each other since his mom took off when we were kids."

"I know, and the timing couldn't be better. He could use a nice girl, and I think you're ready for a boyfriend."

"Maybe Marcus is already seeing someone."

Robert laughed. "Yeah, right! Twenty-two years old and I doubt he's gotten laid recently. Too busy with his nose in the books."

"College is tough," she said. "It's likely he hasn't time to think about anything else."

"Marcus will have plenty of time to think about other things. He's graduating this weekend."

"Really?"

"Yeah, and I've invited him to stay here since my asshole uncle can't be bothered with him anymore."

"That's awful," Cara said. "Marcus was always so sweet, yet ended up with jerks for parents." She paused a moment, then added, "Robert, you aren't planning to - "

"What? Oh, hell no! One, he's straight, two, he's my cousin, and  three, even if he wasn't, he isn't exactly the type of guy I'd fuck."

"Too young?" she asked, thinking of the irony that Robert would have sex with HER, but not with a man slightly older than she.

"Age ain't a problem if someone's legal," he replied. "Just when it comes to men, I prefer muscle studs like Mark. Not that my cousin isn't attractive, by the way."

"Those light blue eyes," Cara said with a dreamy look on her face.

"Aha! I knew you had a crush on him when you were kids."

"Shut up! I did not."

"Then why did your face just turn red?"

"From the sun."

"Right. Hey, I got a recent picture if you want to look."


-----------------------------------

A young man Julie didn't recognize stood on the other side of her door when she answered it.She knew he couldn't be one of Cara's friends, since Julie knew most of them.

"May I help you?" she asked.

"Jules! Don't you remember me?"

"No, sorry. I can't say that I do."

"It's Marcus! You know, Rob's cousin? Cara and I used to hang out as kids."

A gleam of recognition came to Julie's eyes. "Oh my God, Marcus!" She hugged him. "You've grown up so much. Come on in!"

She looked over Robert's young cousin with appreciation. Marcus had grown from a scruffy, skinny boy to a handsome young man who now stood six feet tall. 

His 190-pound physique kept lightly muscled by cycling and swimming, but still had the same sandy blond hair and pale blue eyes he'd had as a child.

"So what brings you here? Visiting Robert?"

"Going to be moving in with him this weekend after graduation," Marcus replied. "Dad doesn't seem to want anything to do with me since I chose college over going back to his homeland with him to do farming or some shit. I think he tended to forget I was born in this country and wanted to take advantage of all it has to offer. At least Rob is a little more open minded about things."

"Well, you and he are much better suited for each other. By the way, if you're looking for Cara, I think she went over to use his pool."

"Another good reason for moving in with my favorite cousin," Marcus said with a laugh. "I think he's the only person I know who has a decent sized pool. I wouldn't blame Cara for hanging out there."

"Are you still swimming?" Julie asked.

He nodded. "Qualified for Olympic trials last year. I didn't do very well, but that's my fault for spending most of the time studying. Maybe next time."

"Any plans after you graduate?"

"Maybe chill out for a couple of months, and then Rob offered me a position with his company."

He then glanced at a photo of a beautiful blonde teenager which sat on a nearby table. "Wow...is that Cara?"

Julie smiled. "Yes it is. She just graduated from high school and was a cheerleader."

"Damn, Jules, pardon me for saying so, but she's hot!"

"I'll be sure to pass on the message."

"You said she's over at Rob's?"

"Yes, at least she better be there."

His eyes lit up. "Time for me to make an early appearance at my cousin's house!"


----------------------------------

When Marcus stepped inside the privacy fence that surrounded Robert's house, he didn't see his older cousin. Instead, a young woman clad in a white bikini was swimming alone in the large pool. 

Cara.

After removing his shirt and shoes, he squatted near the pool's edge. "Hey."

She turned around, startled, before she recognized the man whose picture she saw earlier. "Marcus?"

"Live and in person."

"Rob said you weren't going to be here until the weekend."

"I came in early to move my shit out of the dorm and store it until I get settled."

"Rob went next door for awhile. He'll be back if you want to wait."

"Actually, I wanted to see you first."

"Me? Why?"

"To see if the picture I saw at your mom's really was you. Frankly, you're much more beautiful in person."

"Still the same sweet Marcus. Got to admit the picture your cousin showed me didn't do you much justice either."

She eyed his naked torso. "Looks like you're still swimming."

"Yeah, like I told your mom, I qualified for the Olympic trials last year."

"Didn't make it?"

Marcus shook his head. "Studies interfered."

"Too bad," Cara said with a giggle, "I would've loved to have seen you in one of those little Speedos."

He laughed. "You women always got one thing on your minds."

"Oh, really? Race you to the other end."

"Cara, I'm not really dressed for -" he began before she grabbed his arm and pulled him into the water.

"You're going to get it now, girl!" he said when he emerged from underwater.

For several minutes, he chased her across the pool's length before they came to to rest in chin deep water. 

Swimming away from him, Cara stopped and sat on the bottom step of the pool. Not taking her eyes off of Marcus, she untied her bikini top and tossed it aside, followed by her bottoms.  

As if in slow motion, she began to make her way toward him. Marcus felt his cock stirring in his shorts and he jumped up on the edge and stripped them before jumping back into the water.

Cara reached up and wrapped her arms around his neck, pulled herself close, pressing her warm breasts to my chest, and began to kiss him lightly. He parted her lips with his tongue and the kiss went longer and deeper, both sinking into an abyss of passion.

Marcus felt her hands explore his tight backside, taking each butt cheek into her hands and squeezing tightly. His cock rested against her pubic bone and he felt her legs come up and wrap around his waist. 

The end of his dick found her pussy and he pushed its length inside her. Soon, Marcus was fully engulfed in her pussy and began to rock her back and forth. 

Cara met his thrusts with a clenching that felt like it would cut off the circulation of his dick. In a blur, they thrashed in the pool, releasing their longtime, pent-up sexual tension. 

"I had no idea you were such a great fuck," he groaned, moving in and out of her at a steady pace. "You have me so excited, I don't know how much longer I can hold back before I shoot my load."

Their tongues entwined in another hot kiss while the pace of Marcus' thrusts increased. Cara soon felt his penis begin to twitch and swell inside of her.

It was not something for which he'd been prepared. With the deep signal that his climax was imminent, he breathlessly told her that he was ready to come.

She intensified her motions and squeezed his cock with her inner muscles. Growling like a gratified bear, Marcus ejaculated deep inside of her. She watched his face contort with pleasure as their respective orgasms began to dissipate.

When Cara collapsed in his arms, Marcus carried her to the pool steps, his cock still impaled in her pulsating pussy.

They held each other for several minutes, reveling in their satisfaction. She lifted her head from his neck and kissed him before they heard another voice behind them.

"You two kids just couldn't wait, could you?"

Shocked, Cara wondered how long Robert had been standing there and how much he'd seen of them screwing in his pool. The hard-on that strained against his jeans was also not lost on her.

"How long..." she began.

"Enough to see you two getting reacquainted. Why don't we all go inside for a bit?"

Marcus shrugged. "Yeah, sure."

He and Cara climbed out of the water and wrapped their bodies in towels before following Robert into the house. The three of them chatted for awhile before Robert and Marcus excused themselves to have a "man to man" talk.

Cara saw them having an animated conversation. Both smiled and nodded in agreement before they walked over to where Cara still sat. Robert started kissing and nuzzling on one side of her neck while Marcus took the other. 

She started to moan, becoming aroused from the sensation. Their hands removed the towel and began to roam her naked body. Each man took a breast and started sucking and teasing her nipples. 

Robert dropped to his knees and buried his head between her legs. He pushed her back on the couch and continued to eat her pussy before he heard Marcus moan. 

He looked up and saw his young cousin receiving one of Cara's blow jobs. She had him down her throat and was kneading his balls while Robert continued orally pleasing her.

He inched his way up across her body, massaging her clit as he moved his lips to Marcus' balls. Robert could tell by his breathing that Marcus was about to come.

Cara's head bobbed faster and faster until Marcus groaned loudly, threw back his head, and busted his nut down her throat. 

When he finished, Cara turned and stuck her tongue down Robert's throat. He was able to taste Marcus on her tongue and noticed that the younger man remained hard even after the blow job she'd given him. 

Robert suggested the three of them move to the bedroom. 

Now naked, he and Marcus moved into a triangle between her legs. Cara started sucking Marcus's cock again and Robert found himself in shock when he saw his own dick in Marcus' mouth.

Robert almost came, but resisted the urge by pulling out of his cousin's mouth. The men arranged themselves a second time, and Robert positioned himself between Cara's legs. 

She reached down, looked over at Marcus, and positioned the head of Robert's cock against her pussy lips. He moved his hips forward and buried his entire length inside her.

He started out slow, pulling almost completely out of her before he rammed his entire shaft back into her. Robert took her feet and put them on his shoulders and started to slam himself into her as hard as he could. 

Marcus stared in both amazement and lust as he watched Cara having sex with his older cousin and enjoying it. 

He continued watching Robert and Cara fuck while he lubed up and then started stroking his cock. It was one of the hottest things Marcus had seen in his life, and he'd witnessed some wild sexual things during his college years.

Marcus watched for as long as he could and decided it was time to join the party. He moved behind Robert and wrapped his hand around his cock as it slid in and out of Cara.  

Robert continued to fuck her even though Marcus had slid two fingers into his ass. He could feel Robert's hardness as he slid his dick up and down the crack of the older man's ass, and he stopped fucking her for a moment. 

Marcus put the head of his dick to his asshole and slowly applied pressure while Robert pushed back on him and the head of Marcus' cock popped into him. Robert gasped but kept pushing back on him until Marcus was balls deep inside him. 

He grabbed his cousin's hips while Robert started fucking Cara again. It didn't take long to get into rhythm with the two of them. He and Cara smiled at each other as she looked over Robert's shoulder. 

Suddenly, she threw back her head while her body shook with orgasm. The feeling set Robert off and he came. His asshole had a firm grip on Marcus' cock, which sparked his own climax. Marcus exploded in his cousin's ass while Robert came hard inside Cara's pussy.

They collapsed back on the bed after Marcus' softened penis popped out of Robert's ass.

Cara rolled over and not only kissed him, but also thanked them for the hottest "sex lesson" she'd had to date. 

"By the way," she said to Robert, "I thought you said you'd never have sex with your cousin."

Marcus grinned at both of them. "Bet he told you I was straight and not his type too."

"As a matter of fact, he did."

"Hey, at least I THOUGHT you were," Robert said to him.

"Dude, I also learned things NOT found in academics during four years of college."

"Well, then welcome to the bi side, cousin! Even if you were one hell of a 'top guy,' don't get used to it if you're staying in this house."

Cara smiled at their banter and said watching Robert getting fucked by Marcus the same time he was doing her was hot, and she was willing to do it again sometime. 

She kissed Robert and then moved over to kiss Marcus before she rose from the bed. 

"Anyone for skinny dipping? Last guy into the water has to bottom to the other while I watch."