 I want to tell you a story about a miracle, which happened to me. I am a regular guy belong to a rural area. 

Sometime ago I moved to a metro city because of my job in a call center. I work on a late night shift of the center. My job time ends at 4 AM early morning. We have a company bus, which drops us to our destinations.

Two months ago, on one early morning the company cancelled our scheduled bus due to maintenance issues, so I had to find some way to reach at the home. I decided to walk because my home was not far from the office. I just love walking because it keeps me fit.

I started walking to my destination. I regretted my decision after a few minutes because the rain started.

After a couple of miles, I show a parked car on one side of the road. It was a red Ferrari and right next to it, a beautiful girl, in her twenties. I tried to ignore her so I walked passed her.

She screamed, "HEY! Are you blind?"

I had to turn back to her. When I reached to her, she gave me an angry look.

"Can't you see a girl, standing next to a car," she said with some anger.

"Yes, I can, but I don't want to be in any kind of trouble," I tried to explain myself.

"I am the one who is in trouble. As a man, isn't it your duty to help a girl in trouble," She said with restrained anger.

"All right, what's the problem?"

"My car broke and I don't want to walk home alone."

"Ok, I don't know anything about the cars. Can't you call someone for the help?"

"I tried a couple of friends, but they are sleeping and I don't want to walk alone at this time."

"Yea, you are right, I have to walk a couple of more miles to reach at my home. If you don't mind, I can drop you at the nearest Metro station."

"Or I can come with you, at your place."

I was shocked, but then she giggled and said,

"Don't worry, I was just kidding, you can drop me at the nearest Metro station."

A few moments later, we were walking side by side.

Her clothes were wet. She was wearing a short white tank top and a mini skirt. Her belly button was out on display. Her skirt was hanging tentatively to her hips. Her top clung to her breasts. Her nipples were forming a dark patch through the thin material of the white top. She had a beautiful and a curvy figure. I couldn't stop myself staring at her body. She noticed that. 

"Are you staring at my boobs?" She asked suddenly.

I was dumbstruck by the question. I didn't know what to say. "No, I am not," I replied, trying to defend myself.

"You are, but I don't mind they are beautiful aren't they?" She asked with an assuring smile.

"Yes, they are," I replied cautiously.

"Do you have a girlfriend?"

"What? No, I don't. Why are you asking such a question?"

"When was the last time you had sex? Don't tell me you are a virgin, are you?"

"What?" I was shocked by the question. Who was she asking such a personal question?

"I think you are a..."

"No, I am not a virgin. I had a girlfriend, but we broke up six months ago," I surrendered.

"And you didn't have sex since your breakup, isn't that right?" She asked playfully.

I think I should tell you something about my past. She was right about me, not having sex for six months. It was killing me. I was desperate to bone someone. Still, I didn't want to admit that to a stranger so I tried to defend myself. 

I said," That's wrong, I had sex in last six months."

"Then why are you staring at my boobs with hungry eyes."

"I apologize for that. I am sorry. I didn't want to offend you."

"I was not offended. I liked it when someone appreciates my beauty. Now tell me the truth, Mister."

"Ok, I admit I didn't have any sex in the last six months," I gave up.

She beams a beautiful smile at me. To divert this uncomfortable conversation I asked, "Where are you going at this time of the night?"

"Home, "She replied with a bored face.

"You have to be careful while traveling at this time of the night."

"I am a big girl; I can take care of myself."

We reached at the gate of the Metro station. I stopped walking. She approached me and plant a kiss on my cheek and said," Thank you, by the way my name is Elena."

"I am Kris, can I drop you at the train," I replied.

"No need for that like I said I am a big girl I can take care of myself."

Suddenly Elena put her hand in her purse and gave me a red colored card and said, "If you want to do something about your current sexual drought, you can come at this address next Saturday."

"What this place is?" I asked.

"You'll find out when you'll arrive and believe me it's not a whore house. So the choice is yours, Bye then." I just watched her leaving with a foxy walk.

I observed the card in my hand. It was all red with a silver lining. The letters on the card was 'The Imperial Club' and an address.

**********

I was jerking myself off, all week, in the anticipation of sex with the girl I had met on the road.

When Saturday came, I got dressed and reached at 'The Imperial club'. It was in the posh area of the city. I never dreamed that I could ever visit that area in my present middle class life. It was 10 o'clock in the evening when I reached there. There was a huge bouncer at the gate. I was nervous about my entry. The guy was a huge monster.

He could take on a small army. He had two huge biceps. I flash my visiting card. Suddenly his impressions changed. He smiled and let me in.

When I entered in the club first I saw a bar with disco-floor with lots of people dancing on it.

Then I saw Elena, sitting at the bar desk, drinking. She was wearing a beautiful backless white evening gown. Her legs were crossed. Her curves were prominent in the gown. Her breasts were hardly contained by the gown. There were some side-boobs clearly visible through it. When I went close enough, I noticed two very beautiful dark spots, on the breasts, poking through the gown. Her nipples were large in diameter. Her gown clung to her waist. Her lips were full and sensual. She flashed a mischievous smile at me.

"I was waiting for you," she said. 

"So you are sure that I would come," I asked.

"Yes, I was 100% sure," she smiled.

"Ok, what you really want from me?" I asked.

"Nothing, I just want you to attend my party," she replied. I watched her face, she was really serious. 

"I want you to meet some friends of mine, let's go," she said, and then she started walking toward a table. 

I followed her, watching her perfect ass. She stopped at a table and smiled at the two girls, sitting on that table. Both were in their mid twenties. Both greeted us with a smile. Elena introduced me to both of them. Rose, a sparkling blue eyed beauty and other one is Lisa, a small sized girl with long black hair. I sat with them and Elena order some drinks and I ordered beer.

"So is this your first party ever," Rose asked me. 

"No, I was a party animal long time ago, but now I don't have much time to party," I replied. 

"How long ago you moved to the city?" This time Lisa asked with a half drunken smile. 

"Oh... I moved here 3 years ago, rented an apartment and started my night job," I replied by taking a sip from my beer bottle. 

"Are you sharing your apartment with anyone?" Lisa asked. 

"No, I am staying alone in my apartment," I replied.

"Oh... So how does it feel to stay alone and not having anyone to talk with," Lisa asked with a serious face. 

"Pathetic," I answered. "Sometimes I wish I had friends who visit me or someone asked me if I am alright."

They watched me with the sad faces.

"Yes, I know the feeling," Rose said with a grim face.

"He is just like us, Rose," Lisa said.

Elena was listening our conversation, while Lisa was drinking heavily. Suddenly Lisa got up and asked me," Would you like to dance with me." I said," sure."

Lisa led me to the one of the darkest corners of the dance floor. She started dancing with me. She was around 5'4. She had a perfect shaped body. Her C-cup breasts were perfect and round. She was wearing a mini skirt and a blue tank top. We started dancing on the fast beat. She was a bit tipsy. She was dancing too close to me. The hem of her skirt was brushing with my pant. When she turned around, her ass was brushing my semi hard erection. I could feel her ass then she came extremely close and put her hand around my neck. 

Lisa brought her face close to mine and said," you know, you have a right to be happy and you should enjoy your life fully. I want you to be happy, so cheer up."

I smiled at her she was right. I was not enjoying my life. I was a machine.

She hugged me and pressed her breasts on my chest. I was first surprised. Her breasts were soft and full and feel of her breast brought a serious hard on in my pant.

"You liked it, don't you?" She asked with a beaming smile.

I started mumbling some words, but they didn't come out right.

She put her hand on my hard on and said, "Oh...ya..., you really liked it." 

This was it, I decided to be active. I put my hand on her waist. She said," wrong place, mister?" I was shocked and tried to remove my hands, but she grabbed them and placed them on her hips and said," This is the right place, I like them there and you are free to roam." 

I smiled and told her, "You just scared me." 

"Don't be scared, just enjoy the moment." Lisa said to me.

Then she planted a kiss on my lips. It was not sensual but a caring kiss. I started exploring her ass. It was firm. I lowered my hand between her thighs, her panty was extremely thin. I started feeling her outer pussy lips. She moaned in appreciation. I turned my head and looked at the table. Elena was there, watching us quietly but Rose was not there. 

Lisa turned my head to her and planted a kiss on my lips. The kiss was sensual. Her tongue searched in my mouth; in response I entered my tongue in her mouth. I grabbed her ass tightly with the one hand and with the other hand, I started caressing her clitoris. She moaned in response.

"Is she wet down there?" A voice from behind my back asked me. 

I turned my head and saw Rose, standing extremely close to me. Her 34-D-cupped breasts were touching my back. Rose planted a kiss on my neck and started pressing her boobs to my backside. I was in heaven; I couldn't believe what was happening to me. Rose put her hand in my pant and whispered in my ear, "Hmmm.., you are quite big."

I put my one hand under Lisa's top and found her bra. I pressed her boob and she moaned.

"Now my turn," said Rose and switched the place with Lisa.

So Rose was in front me. She was wearing a beautiful backless blue night gown. Behind me Lisa started kissing my neck and my back. Rose planted a hard kiss on my lips. I grabbed her ass and took her close to me. Her ass was round and firm. There was no material under the gown so I realized she was not wearing any panty. Our kiss grew into a passionate one. Our tongues fought for the space in each other's mouth. Lisa came close from behind and whispered in my ear,"She like it rough." I heard that and grabbed Rose's breasts. She moaned with pleasure.

"All right, you lovebirds, let's go," I heard the voice of Elena.

Rose and Lisa stopped. 

Elena started walking to the lift; we followed her like the obedient pets. Lisa was on my right side and Rose was on my left. All the time Elena was calm not doing anything. 

After reaching, on the second floor, Elena leads us to a room.

It was a huge room with a king sized bed in the center. There was a small bar in front of the bed.

"Ok, lovebirds you can do anything now," Elena said with a devilish smile. 

Rose started kissing me and Lisa tried to unbutton my shirt. I placed my hand on Rose's breast and started fondling them. Lisa successfully unbuttoned my pant and took it down to my knee. She dropped my boxers and found my erection. I was having a huge erection due to continuous sexual stimulation.

Meanwhile, Elena took a chair and set on it, like a spectator watching a game.

Lisa took my hard on in her beautiful hungry mouth. She first took half of my cock and wrapped her tongue around my cock. It was an incredible feeling. She put her hand on my balls and started to tangle them.

Rose was kissing my lips like a possessed woman. I removed her dress material from her shoulder and her dress dropped on the floor. She had two beautiful D-cupped breasts with a dark erect nipple on each. Her pussy was bald. I grabbed her hard and pressed her breasts on my chest, and then I started sucking her left nipple. The pleasure was unbearable for her, she screamed with ecstasy. I placed my finger on her pussy lips. She was dripping wet. I stimulated her clits. She grabbed my hair in response.

"FUCK HER, KRIS, FUCK HER HARD," screamed Elena.

I turned my head to Elena and she was sitting on a chair. Her one hand was between her legs, moving up and down. While her other hand was pinching her own nipple. Her face was burning with desire. I couldn't see any bare flesh of her body because her legs were crossed and she was still wearing her gown.

I turned my head and pulled out my dick from Lisa's mouth, who was deepthroating me like a pro. I lift Rose from her waist and threw her on the bed. I climbed her and separate her legs and put my hard on to the opening of her pussy. 

I rammed my dick into Rose's pussy, she gasped for air and screamed,"DO ME, FUCK ME HARD." I put my hand on her breast and started ramming my cock in and out of her pussy.

Rose was tight and extremely wet. Her eyes were rolling behind her head. She grabbed my hips and started thrusting her body to me in a clumsy way. I took her hand from my hips and pin them beside her head and started ramming her pussy with savage pace. 

I turned my head to see Elena. I looked directly in her eyes, she was masturbating, and her eyes were on my moving body. 

Lisa came up to me and she was naked too. Her breasts were not large, but they were C-cupped, round and full. She placed a kiss on my lips. I stopped fucking Rose for a moment. Lisa placed herself, right behind me. Her breasts were pressing hard on my back. Her lips were close to my ears.

She spoke in a husky voice," Let's fuck her together." 

I started again with a slow pace. My dick was extremely hard due to double the sensation by Lisa and Rose. Rose was extremely tight. Her pussy walls were milking my dick. I was trying to get some momentum. Lisa was mimicking my pace from behind. Rose was moaning with pleasure.

"Wanna fuck two pussies together?" Lisa asked me. 

Then, without waiting for an answer, she changed her position. She placed herself on Rose. Their breasts were touching each other. Lisa started a passionate kiss on Rose's mouth. Their breasts were pressed together.

I pull out my dick from Rose. From behind I had a great view of two beautiful pussies, extremely close to each other. Lisa's pussy was bald too. The outer lips of her pussy were large, but her opening was very small in size. I had some doubts about entering her.

I pressed my dick head on her small opening. She moaned in response. I started, rubbing the head on her outer pussy lips. She spread her legs. I entered the head slowly.

She screamed," you are too big, so please be careful." 

I stopped and pulled out of her and in one motion rammed my dick into Rose's awaiting pussy. She was surprised by the assault and responded with a moan. I was thrusting in and out of Rose like a possessed man. She was responding with a rhythmic moaning. 

After a couple of thrust I stopped again, pulled out of Rose and entered Lisa again with a slow and precise motion. This time I thrust a couple of more inches of my dick into her tight snatch. Her pussy lips were spreading and engulfing my dick like two rose petals. 

Again, I stopped. About one third of my dick was in her. She was anticipating more and was pushing back against my member. Her pussy walls were clinching my dick. It was hard for me to stay composed and not to ram her.

I want to tease her. I pulled out again and rammed my dick in to Rose. I did this routine a couple of times. Every time entered Lisa I went a couple of inches further into her tight pussy. After a while I was completely in her. I started fucking her with slow pace. She was kissing Rose. Her pussy walls were smooth and heavenly.

My climax was rising steadily in me. I knew I couldn't last very long. I stopped and pulled out of her and entered Rose. I knew she like it rough so I started a savage ramming of her wet pussy.

"Oh, yes, fuck that bitch hard," it was Elena who screamed from the chair. She was still masturbating. Her hand was between her legs. 

"OH, GOD, I want to fuck Elena." I thought. Suddenly I found myself on the edge. I was bottoming out with every thrust. Rose's moans turned into grunts.

"Oh, I am coming", It was a cry from Elena. I turned my head and watch her while thrusting savagely in and out of Rose. Elena's back arched suddenly as she came hard.

"ME TOO," cried Rose and her pussy started pulsing around my cock. I stopped thrusting her and saw my dick deep into her snatch. She arched her back. Lisa grabbed her nipple with her teeth, which increased the pulse of her pussy, around my dick.

I was on the edge too. I pulled out my dick and grabbed the hips of Lisa and pushed my dick into her tight pussy. I started thrusting her with some pace. I want to come in to her. She was also on the edge. I knew I wouldn't last long. 

Rose grabbed Lisa's face and kissed her hard and said," Now it's your turn, come for us." 

Her pussy clinched my dick and started pulsing around my dick. Her body tensed up, while her orgasm hit her hard. This was it; I couldn't hold back and started sprouting my seeds into her. It was one of the most intense climax, I had ever felt. After our orgasms subside, we collapsed each side of Rose. 

"I was never fucked like that," said Rose. 

"Me too." Said Lisa, catching her breath.

"You guys are incredible," Said Elena.

I was trying to catch a breath. I kissed both of them tenderly. I never thought that some day I would be fucking two gorgeous women in same bed, while another one would be watching us.

After sometime, I excused myself to the bathroom. I started to wash my nude self.

"Do you want any help?" A voice from behind me asked. Rose was standing at the door of the bathroom. Without waiting for my reply she came close to me and planted a kiss on my lips.

"You fucked me well," she said in a sensual tone.

She started washing my body. Her hands were roaming around my various body parts. She was giving a special attention to my semi hard dick, which was recovering steadily. Her breasts were brushing around my body. She took my hard dick in her hand and started stroking it.

" Would you like to fuck me again?" She spoke in my ears.

" Certainly," I replied. 

She placed herself right next to the bath tub. She turned around so her ass was right next to my dick then she bands her self and placed her hands on the edge of the bath tub, her ass was on the display for me. Her two holes were beautiful. I placed a finger in her pussy and a thumb in her asshole. She moans loudly in response. Then I saw Elena and Lisa. 

Elena was still fully dressed. Lisa came to me and kissed me and said," you two are starting without us." I grabbed her from her vest and kissed her hard. She replaced my finger and thumb from Rose's two holes with hers. Rose moaned with delight.

"Don't you think she has a nice ass," Elena asked me.

"And a pretty asshole too," I said with a smile.

"Do you want to fuck my asshole?" Rose asked from the edge of the bath tub.

"Well, I never fucked an asshole before," I told her.

" Well, nobody ever fucked me in that hole, I am an ass virgin and I am feeling dirty right now so fuck it and take my ass virginity," She said with a smile on her face.
