 On the evening of the dinner party Riley and Amber arrived together at the hotel where the Prof's guests were staying and where a private dining room had been booked.

They both looked gorgeous; sexy, but elegant and sophisticated. They exchanged amused glances at seeing Emily, who was wearing a dress that was barely long enough to cover her bottom, and revealed her magnificent chest almost to the nipples and belly button. She looked daggers at them.

The Prof introduced them to his guests, as a waitress offered them a glass of champagne. Professor Schmidt looked at least 75 years old to Riley's young eyes, and was her idea of the archetypal crusty old don; absent minded to anything but his research. His eyes though were shamelessly quick in assessing both girls from head to toe, and he nodded his approval to the Prof.

Riley was more intrigued by the younger man with him; Eric. He looked nerdy, with glasses and unstylish clothes, but, as they shook hands he projected something of a cold, self-contained arrogance that made her feel a little uncomfortable. 

The Prof. made it clear that Riley was his from the start, putting his arm around her shoulders, cutting her out of the herd. The older man was attentive to Amber, who glowed under his old world charm, seduced by his unthreatening interest in her. Emily was therefore left with Eric and tried to compensate for his apparent disinterest by being blatantly flirtatious with him, which earned her nothing but a look of contempt from him.

Dinner was spectacular, but conversationally rather boring from Riley's perspective. The men talked mainly of their academic work, although there was also an obviously coded conversation about auction prices for unspecified goods that intrigued Riley. Schmidt had clearly travelled extensively in the Middle East, and it sounded as if he had done lucrative business with oil money. Amber and Riley were demure and deferential, but Emily continued to work on Eric, determined to get him to notice her, and rather insulted by being ignored. 

After dinner they adjourned to their guests' hotel suite, which contained a comfortable lounge area with sofas and armchairs, two double bedrooms, a bathroom and a kitchen. Having served drinks they settled back in the chairs, each man with a girl by them.

Eric, apparently was finally ready to deign to accept Emily's attention, and he allowed her to put her hand into his lap and unzip him. He lay back in his chair to give her more access as she pulled his cock out, and took it in her mouth. It grew long and hard and his fingers tangled into her hair as he controlled her mouth on him. 

The Prof looked across at Prof Schmidt sitting with Amber and whispered into Riley's ear, "Go and help Amber get started, there's a good girl." Riley kissed him and smiled as she got up and moved across the room.

She kissed Amber's cheek before taking her hand and guiding it to Schmidt's lap. The two girls giggled as Amber undid his pants and pulled them around his knees, revealing an impressive tent in his boxers. Riley reached in and pulled out his larger than average cock, then brought Amber's head in so that they were able to share sucking on the tip, their lips brushing together.

She left them to it, sashaying back across the room to her Prof, who already had his cock out for her to play with.

The three men luxuriated in the attention they were receiving, sprawling back in their chairs, sipping brandy, as the three gorgeous young women serviced their hard dicks with their mouths. 

"Quite the stable you've created here," Schmidt said, "Emily, of course I've met before, but these two new fillies are really quite exceptional."

"Well, thank you. That's quite a complement coming from you. Emily is ready to move on to greater things, but these two, I'm pleased to say, you've caught right at the beginning of their training, so are splendidly naive and innocent. This one though," he said, stroking Riley's hair as her mouth engulfed his cock, "has already shown extraordinary potential and I have high hopes for her." She looked up adoringly at him, as if to confirm his faith.

Riley's throat wasn't so full of her master's cock that she couldn't listen to his words with wry amusement. Despite talking so coldly about her, she knew that in his own way he was as besotted with her as she was with him, and many times in private his tenderness had been apparent under his mask of domination. 

She had her own high hopes though; that this evening she would experience for herself new sexual extremes.

There was a short squeal as Emily's head was ripped off Eric's cock by her hair. Still sitting, he forced her face into the carpet and held it there with his foot as he pulled her dress up to her waist, her curvaceous ass stuck up in the air, displayed, with only a thong failing to cover her asshole.

He reached down, and, brushing the thin strip of fabric to one side, stuck two fingers into her ass, disappearing a couple knuckles deep. Ashamed of having cried out she took it silently, biting her lip as he finger fucked her rear. 

Eric got up and bent over her, making her suck clean the fingers that had been exploring her rectum, before, in one slow steady relentless movement, forcing his big cock all the way into her asshole. He pushed down on her with his hand between her shoulders, her arms spread, her large breasts crushed into the carpet, her slim but strong legs trembling in the effort of keeping her ass high for him. He pulled nearly all the way out, then rammed it straight back in again, his balls slapping on her pussy. This time she couldn't stop herself from crying out in an exhilarating mixture of pain and pleasure.

Riley was already so turned on by the situation, and sneaking a look at Amber across the room, it looked like she was coping fine. Schmidt had peeled her dress off already, leaving her in a tiny black lacy bra and panties which looked sensational against her light brown skin. Her mouth was still glued to his dick, whilst her eyes were fixed on Eric's cock as it destroyed Emily's asshole.

He suddenly pulled out, almost ripped her dress off of her, and disappeared into one of the bedrooms, leaving her for a few seconds exposed to the whole room's gaze in her superb nakedness. He returned with a coil of rope which he tied around Emily's wrists behind her back, before wrenching her arms painfully way up high, and running the rope tightly around her so that it was impossible for her to drop her arms. Her breasts protruded like torpedoes from her chest as her shoulders were forced back.

He lay her back in an armchair and lifted her legs up, tying them back in such a way that she was left completely folded in half, with not only her pussy on full display, but her red and distended asshole taking the starring role in gaping at the room.

He knelt in front of her and fucked it again, Emily completely and painfully helpless. He pulled his cock out and roughly replaced it with all five fingers, brutally trying to force his whole hand inside her. Failing, his cock went back in her asshole, while he took her inner pussy lips in his fingers and pulled them apart, stretching and stretching them into an obscene butterfly, until they looked like they would tear. She screamed in pain and terror.

He smiled at her cruelly, "not so 'seen it all, done it all' after all, are you?" he taunted as she writhed, trying to break the painful abuse of her tenderest parts.

Riley felt sorry for Emily for the first time ever, as she was clearly in agony and genuinely scared as he tortured her.

"That's enough Eric, you've made your point. We mustn't ruin her for her next owner, that would be very rude," Schmidt said. 

He deferred instantly, and distastefully sniffing his fingers disappeared into the bathroom. The Prof and Schmidt exchanged a look, Riley saw anger in her man's eyes.

"I'm sorry about that, Eric does still need to learn some refinement." 

Schmidt walked over to Emily, stroking her tenderly, "Oh, such a beautiful creature," his hands gently exploring her full breasts, his fingers tracing around her nipples. He took them between his thumbs and forefingers, teasing and twisting them. Schmidt's cock found her pussy and he started rutting her, her effectively limbless body swaying from side to side in the chair, steadied only by the three contact points of inserted cock and his fingers tormenting her nipples.

Schmidt's ass was flabby and his belly bulbous, but, judging from the sounds Emily was making, there was nothing wrong with his dick which was rampant in her. She moaned appreciatively with every stroke as he fucked her, as the pleasure wiped out the memory of her pain.

The abandoned Amber had gravitated across to Riley, and she kissed her in welcome. With a look of unspoken request from the Prof she pulled off Amber's lacy panties and manoeuvred her over his lap, her super slim legs either side of the bulk of his muscular thighs, his cock tall and vertical in anticipation of her tightness.

Riley took his cock by the root, and, with her other hand on Amber's small buttock, guided them together, parting her thick, dark pussy lips with his glans, stroking it on her wetness, before steering Amber's butt downwards as his cock connected with her entrance.

Riley loved to watch her friend being gradually impaled on her master's cock, it looking truly massive compared to her tiny ass. It was a thrill to serve him up this treat and a glance from the Prof showed his approval, as Amber moaned in ecstasy. She reached in with her tongue and teased at the area between Amber's pussy and her asshole, and paid particular attention to the join between her stretched lips and the Prof's slippery dick as it moved in and out.

Riley realised that she had forgotten about Eric, who had just come back onto the room. He was naked, and all trace of nerdiness had disappeared with his clothes. He was only a couple of years older than Riley but seemed narcissistically confident in his nakedness. His body was lean and hard, and completely shaved smooth. He checked out the room, saw Riley relatively unengaged and came over to her.

"You're over-dressed," he said.

Riley looked around and saw Emily naked apart from her ropes and Amber just wearing her bra, that the Prof was in the process of removing anyway.

"So?" Riley said with a teasing defiance.

"Are you going to take it off or do I have to take it off you?" Riley watched his cock rise into full hardness making his thoughts transparent.

She pretended to think for a moment, before reaching behind her back, unzipping her dress and letting it fall around her feet.

He looked her up and down, "Jeez, you sure you're ready for this?" he said, appraising her slim body, his hand moving to stroke his cock. She moved into him, her hands sliding down his smooth chest and her mouth teasing his nipples before her tongue traced a line down his stomach into his bald pubes and onto his cock, her hands moving straight to his heavy hanging bollocks.

She was determined that he wasn't going to dominate her as he had Emily, the presence of her Prof giving her confidence that she would be safe if she stood up to him. She was however also determined that she was going to get fucked like she never had been before in her young life.

She sucked his cock in deep, but cursed her stupidity as he grabbed the back of her head and forced her down on it choking her as he tried to get it in her throat. She squeezed down hard on his balls with her fingers. He yelped in indignation, jumping back, and had his fist raised to her, when he was stopped by, "No! Don't you fucking dare. She's mine and you play nice with her!"

She smiled sweetly up at him, licking around his glans and up and down his shaft as he glowered at her. She moved down and bathed his bruised balls with her tongue, still rhythmically stroking his hard shaft. 

Riley stood, and, stretching up on tiptoes to him, fiercely kissed his lips, before finishing off with a bite to his lower lip, almost drawing blood and leaving him cursing.

Eric looked like he was going to explode, either with anger or lust as Riley lay back on a rug, opened her legs wide, pulled her panties to one side and lewdly played with her delicate pussy.

"Master, is he allowed to fuck me?"

"Do you want him to?"

"Oh I dunno. I want you more, but it would be fun to have another cock to play with too."

Riley hadn't planned any of this but was finding it delicious. She couldn't believe how easily she had turned the tables on this dangerous boy/man, and the thought of using him as her tool was exciting. She was loving his confused fury as he stared at her, his cock dribbling in its want of her, he clearly wanting to rip her up but not daring to in deference to his two older mentors.

Schmidt had stopped fucking Emily to watch, and he chuckled in admiration, "I think young Riley might just be teaching Eric a lesson in self control. Bravo my dear."

The Prof lifted Amber off his lap, his cock huge and slick from her juice. He walked to Riley and offered it to her mouth. She sucked it down, all the time holding eye contact with Eric.

"Mmmmm, so good," she purred "that's a real man's cock."

"Be careful, you're playing with fire," her Prof warned.

"I've never had any other man's cock in me," she said steering him down next to her, "I want his too, but only if you've got the best of me."

He looked into her eyes, puzzling it out, then understood what she was asking for.

He pulled her on top of him, and she sat on him, his familiar cock giving her shudders of pleasure as went home in her tight pussy. She rode him passionately as the others watched, waiting. Her first orgasm came quick and hard.

She lowered herself on his chest and whispered in his ear, "May I have it? Am I allowed, sir?"

By way of answer he put both his hands on her small hard buttocks and spread them wide, displaying her rosebud above the cock that was already stretching her pussy lips.

"Eric, would you like to join us? I think this is for you."

The Prof continued with slow fucking strokes, holding her hips still as Eric moved in behind Riley. She felt his cock at her anus.

No doubt Eric would have liked to have raped her ass, but in the position he was in he had to show restraint, not least because of his proximity to the Prof's cock. He pushed in as hard as he could, taking just three or four strokes before he was deeply embedded. The Prof felt Eric's cock sliding into Riley next to his, separated by just a thin wall of flesh. Riley felt unbelievably full; full of hot, horny male hardness, massaging her pulsating, gripping insides like she had never experienced before.

They found a rhythm, then shifted it, then changed again, sometimes penetrating her in unison, sometimes working opposite strokes, sometimes her ass being fucked harder, sometimes her pussy. Riley came over and over again, driven crazy by the never ending onslaught of lust driven cock.

She looked back over her shoulder to Schmidt, who was stood watching while Amber sucked his dick. She could see Emily in the background, forgotten, peering over trying to see what was happening.

Riley beckoned at Schmidt, this had somehow become her evening and she wanted still more. He gave her his cock to suck; it wasn't the longest, but it was properly thick, and she loved him pumping her mouth; having all of her holes full of men hungry for her small, tight body.

For a few delicious minutes Riley was consumed in her ultimate fantasy for tonight. She wondered how she could play Amber into the scene. She looked for her and saw that she was untying Emily.

She suddenly felt Eric go rigid, his cock deep inside her. It felt like he was trying to lift her up with it, pulling upwards against the anchor of the Prof's cock in her pussy.

The Prof pulled out, and as Riley turned she saw that Emily had crooked her leg around Eric's neck and was crushing his throat between her thighs. His face turned red as he clawed at her, but no way was she going to release him, riding him like a pony, using his hair as reins.

The two other men looked like for a moment like they would intervene, but decided against it, curious to see how this would play out.

Riley released herself urgently from Eric's still fierce erection, and twisted around to watch. His legs thrashed as he tried to get purchase to tip Emily away, but the strength in her thighs gave him no chance. They fell to the ground, Emily finally releasing him as his face turned purple, following through with a vicious kick to the head. She stood over him panting, her hands on her hips, as she spat on him.

He lay there moaning in semi-consciousness, followed by a low groan as she kicked him in his wilting cock and balls.

She sat on his face, grinding her wetness on his mouth and nose. He fought for breath, suffocating in pussy, then as his head cleared, started fighting back with his tongue. She held him under her, helpless, taking her pleasure from him with her full weight pinning his arms down.

Riley was soon amused and begrudgingly impressed by the persistence of a young man's horniness, as his cock started coming back to life. She watched from the Prof's arms as it grew hard again, until she realised that it could still be of use to her. Riley moved back in and encouraged it with her hand initially, then, when it was hard enough, lowered her bottom onto it, wanting to finish what she'd started. 

It bent as she steered it in, but she managed to get it all in.

She leaned back on her arms, her thighs spread wide, his ever-hardening cock in her asshole, her gash an open invitation. The Prof, always the perfect host, offered Schmidt his girl's pussy. He didn't need any encouragement, he moved between Riley's legs, lined his fat dick up with her vagina and shoved it in.

Eric wasn't in a position to actively contribute much as Emily continued to grind down on his mouth, but all the same Riley enjoyed the length of now rigid meat in her ass as Schmidt fucked her pussy.

Riley smiled up at the Prof, proud that she was making his honored guest happy, rescuing his evening from what had been a near disaster. She would have preferred his big hard cock fucking her, but Schmidt's felt so good, and she could tell that the Prof was enjoying watching her as she was being fucked by other men. Amber was sucking his cock, but he only had eyes for her, watching her body move on Schmidt and Eric, fascinated by their cocks moving in and out of her two holes, her slim torso leaning almost horizontally backwards as she took all her body weight on her arms, her little breasts and tiny nipples pert on her chest.

She suddenly saw him cum into Amber's mouth, his eyes of utter lust locked onto Riley's, and she instantly reciprocated, spasming on the two cocks inside her, her pulsating pussy muscles starting off a chain reaction, both Eric and Schmidt being triggered too, cum flooding into her pussy and rectum.

She saw the Prof whisper an order to Amber who got up and sauntered the few steps across to Riley, her mouth held in an unnatural pout. As she bent to kiss Riley her lips parted to dribble his cum into her mouth. Riley stared at him as she played with it on her tongue and around her lips. 

Emily came in to taste it too, and for the first time ever, the two girls kissed, feeling the bond of their shared experience and a new respect for each other.

Eric looked beaten up and chastened, but Prof Schmidt was beaming.

"You girls: quite remarkable. Emily, no doubt deserves to be severely punished for her behaviour, but overall what a memorable evening."

"You can leave Emily to me, she will be appropriately punished, I can assure you," the Prof said.

The Prof drove them home, Riley next to him in the front, Amber and Emily in the rear.
