 It was a day like any other day with my girlfriend Kayla. We'd woken up, entwined in a knot of arms and legs, grasping each other through out the night to ensure that when we both woke, we would still be there. She looked into my eyes, still waking from her slumber, her eyes still sparkled. 

"Happy Birthday," she said.

I just smiled and kissed her on the lips. To me, it was just another day, but Kayla had been telling me all week that she had a big surprise for me for my birthday. She was going to take me out to dinner, then out to a new club that had opened. It was not much different then our other nights, but for some reason, she was excited beyond contention. 

She and I had been together for a little over three years. I had met her as a senior in college and we hit it off from the very beginning. I was two years her senior, but the age difference was inconceivable. She and I had struck up a conversation at a party and from that day on, we have never gone a day without seeing one another. Everything about us, from the types of movies and music we like, to our views on politics and religion all mashed together perfectly. 

Now as great as that is, I think the reason that she and I work so well together is our sexual openness that we have. She is openly bi-sexual as am I. However, while we have had many threesomes with other girls, we have never brought another man into our bed. The closest we have come besides random making out at a bar for her and her friends, is when we are in the bedroom together. She has several large strap-on's that she uses to either fuck my face or my ass. It turns her on when we switch roles and I become the girl. 

While she has seen me kiss other guys in public at her wishing, she has never seen me actually naked, in bed with another man in the heat of passion, but tonight, that was going to change. 

We had an extremely good dinner at Three Forks and then made our way to one of our favorite clubs, club Zen. We met up with some of her friends and my friends and began drinking and celebrating my birthday. The club is small, but gets packed really quickly. Soon, as we are dancing, bodies are rubbing against each other, I can feel breasts on my arm, various body parts different places and mixed with the alcohol, I was becoming extremely horny. 

As Kayla was turned around, grinding her ass into my engorged cock, I felt something I haven't felt in a while. I felt a large, hard object grinding against my ass and then felt hands on my hips. I looked back to see a beautiful, blue eyed Adonis. He smiled and leaned forward, speaking into my ear. "I'm your surprise," he said.

By this time, Kayla had stopped dancing and was turned around watching as he held my hips, grinded his cock into my ass and started nibbling on my ear and neck. Kayla walked up, pressing her perky tits against my body and said, "Tonight, you will be the girl and he and I will be the men." 

All I could do was moan.

We continued dancing and gyrating for a while longer and finally left. I had drunk several shots, I had been kissing Hunter, as I found out was his name, and Kayla all night and was so hard, that I had to leave. 

We all got back to the house, and Kayla grabbed us by the hand and brought us into the bedroom. She pulled out our DVD Camcorder and set up the tri-pod facing the bed. 

"First, we will start off with just you two, doing as I say and then I will join you." Kayla told us to come get her out of her clothes. We both began undressing her, presenting her small toned body to us. She was only 5'5", but she was in great physical shape and she had the best b-cup perky breasts ever. 

Our hands began to run over her body, and at first she let us wander, but eventually pulled away and said that it was our turn first. She instructed us to get on the bed and begin making out, taking clothes off and kissing, licking and sucking any new skin that comes into the open. 

Hunter and I lay down on the bed, on our sides facing each other and began kissing. The feel of kissing a man always turns me into the subservient individual. I pushed him back on his back and got on top of him, straddling him, our hard cocks separated only by our pants. We began kissing more, his hands behind my head, kissing on my neck as I would in turn do to him. 

I sat up and removed my shirt, throwing it to the side. His hands went to my chest, feeling the muscles that I worked on at least four days a week. As his hands roamed on my body, I undid my belt and pants and then I stood up, above him removed my pants and boxers. 

Now completely naked, I sat back down and straddled him again. His hands roamed over my body, grabbing and slapping my ass. I continued to dry hump him as he molested me with his hands. Again I sat up and started unbuttoning his shirt. His shirt fell open and my mouth was on his smooth hairless chest. He was, what appeared to me, to be a beginning body builder. He was big and full of muscles, but he didn't look pro size by any means. 

My mouth traced every ripple in his muscles, my teeth and tongue teased his nipples and my hot breath on his lower stomach had him squirming. My hands were now rubbing over his impressive bulge as I looked up towards my man for the night. I began nibbling and being aggressive through his slacks while my hands slowly undid his belt and then the zipper on his pants. 

By this time, Kayla had moved the camera in close and was getting good footage of me naked, caressing my new found toy and looking into the eyes of this hunk. 

I removed his pants, leaving only a male g-string. His cock was so big that the head was sticking out the top of this underwear. I was a good 7, maybe 7 and a half inches, but this guy was probably 9 inches easy. I pulled his underwear down, exposing his hairless, veiny and extremely large cock and balls. 

I moved back up to begin my worship and he grabbed me by the hair on my head and then held his cock up against my face. He slowly and softly started hitting me in the face with it. "If you want this cock, you have to beg me for it. Show your girl how much you really need this cock," he said. 

I begged him. I told him how I needed it. How I was tired of the fake cocks. That the little girl inside of me needs to be filled with a real man's cock. I told him that I was his to use however he wanted as long as he put that cock in my mouth right now.

With that, still holding my hair and his cock, he brought my mouth to his cock and then, with out any style, began to use my mouth like I was a pocket-pussy. There was no grace. This was pure lust. He was in complete control and all I could do was try my best to make sure that my teeth did not scratch his cock and that I continued to breath through my nose. "This is what a real man's cock looks like," he said as he continued his assault on my mouth. 

I looked over and saw that Kayla had put the camera back on the tripod and was heading towards the bed. She had on her big black strap-on. It was our 10" monster that I had worked up too. She straddled Hunter's face, her fake cock hanging down on the top of his head and told him to eat her pussy. He began to feast away on my girlfriend, causing him to take his hands away from my head and move them to my girlfriends ass and tits as she fed him her tasty pussy.

This allowed me to be more creative with my cock sucking. I began using my hands on his cock, rotating them as I would piston up and down on his cock with my mouth. I began stroking and licking his balls and taint as well. I could hear my girlfriend moan as his tongue penetrated her pussy and lapped at her clit. Looking up at her, she was turned around watching me devour his cock. 

She then got off of his face and moved behind me on the bed. I felt her rub some lube on my ass and then begin the task of working that cock into my ass. It's so large that it can take a while for her to be able to get it in without it hurting. Tonight, however, she was not concerned with that. Once she got the huge head in, she grabbed my hips and slammed her cock into my ass. As my mouth was full, all I could do was grunt. 

Hunter went back to using my mouth like a piston as my girlfriend violated my ass. They got into a pretty good rhythm with me in between. This went on for a while and then my girlfriend pulled out and removed her strap-on. I felt so empty but I was also so horny. No one had even touched my cock and I felt like I was ready to explode. 

Kayla told me to get up and upon doing so she had Hunger move up a little farther on the bed. She then got down on her stomach in between his legs and propped herself up on her elbows. She then told me to start fucking her from behind. Essentially we were doing a reverse missionary position with me lying on her back, entering her pussy from behind. This allowed our head to be right next to each other. I know now what she was wanting

As my cock slid in and out of her extremely wet pussy, my face was right next to hers. She then had Hunter slide back down towards us again. We could share his cock as we fucked. She started by holding it as I started sucking and licking on it. She called me a dirty little cock sucker and told me that she loved me. She then brought the cock to her mouth and I moved to his balls. That's how it went, back and forth, us both sucking on his rod as I fucked her. 

He told us he was about to cum. He grabbed his cock and started stroking himself. We started kissing right in front of him and then he blew his load over our faces, our mouths moving to lick the cum from each others face. By now, I had picked up the pace on my fucking and I could tell she was getting close. Her moans increased in volume as did mine. Then she exploded. Her screams were deafening. I continued to pound it into her and right as I was about to cum, I sat up, pulled out and Kayla reached back and spread her ass cheeks. She then positioned herself so that her asshole and pussy were on display to me as I blasted them with my cum. Kayla has a weird fetish in that after she cums, she likes me to cum on her ass and pussy and then has me lick them from her. She says it is just such a different sensation, plus the thought of knowing that I am eating my own cum.

I lean down and began licking her ass which is now pointing up in the air. As I am licking the cum off of her, Hunter has grabbed her by the hair and is putting his cock back into her mouth. She accepts it willingly. I can tell that he is not ready to go again, but rather just wants the feeling of a nice warm mouth on your cock as you are deflating. Hey who doesn't?

Once we are all done, we collapse into a heap of skin on the bed. I tell her that I love her and that this was the best birthday present ever. She said, "oh, don't think this is it mister. Hunter has three more friends that are coming over in the morning. They are all black, hung, in great condition and the four of them are going to gang bang the two of us, but mainly, just you."

I think I may just have to marry this girl.