 I am a qualified Doctor, married with a loving caring husband, but my world was on the verge of collapsing around my ears and I had no one to blame but myself, my time at University was about to catch me up.

I was nineteen years old when my troubles began, I had been at University for just over a year and already my overdraft was looking pretty bad, overdrawn by £4,000 and still four years to go before I could qualify and start earning some real money. Sitting in the students bar cuddling my drink and in deep thought as to my future I was suddenly brought back to reality by my friend Jason slapping me on the back with a welcoming smile. He could tell by my face that something was bothering me and even though I didn't want to burden him with my problems being able to talk about it with someone else actually helped. By the time I had finished my tale of woe we had consumed a couple of drinks and right at this moment the world didn't seem too bad.

Jason said he knew of a way to solve my financial crisis, but that it was quite an extreme way to get money and he was very apologetic after he told me how to do it and hoped that I was not offended.

When I got home that night to my dreary bedsit, I looked at my austere surroundings and was seriously considering investigating further his suggestion, but I decided to wait until the morning to see if I felt the same way after a good nights sleep.

All through the next day I couldn't get the idea out of my head and finally late in the afternoon I decided that I would do it. Retrieving the telephone number out of my bag I dialled the number Jason had given me, after a short conversation with a gentleman on the other end of the line I arranged to go to his office first thing the next day.

As he beckoned me into his office my heart was beating faster than a train, I was having second thoughts but he soon relaxed me when he poured a refreshing cup of coffee.

"So you need some money actually a lot of money, which is why you are here. This is the deal I supply young ladies for parties and it always involves having sex, depending on how much you want to earn and how much time you have to earn it in will determine how much you can earn a week. A straightforward night with a man will get you £100, I charge £200 and you get half, so five jobs a week and that's a nice £500 for you," he said.

The money was tempting, very tempting but I couldn't afford to spend five nights a week away from my studying. 

"Is there any way I could earn £500 for just one night?" I asked not expecting a positive answer.

"There is, but I don't think you would want to in all honesty but I'll tell you how. I do have loads of men on my books that like gang banging, I'm talking five men and all night and every hole will get used, that will get you £500 if that is what you are looking for."

I sat there mulling it over, five young sexy men giving me a good seeing too and I get paid for it, sounded fine to me, so I agreed that that was the way I wanted to go. He told me that as it would be my first time I had to leave a deposit of £1,000, which would be returned with payment after the event, because if I backed out at the last moment he would have to compensate the men.

My phone rang it was Mr Clemence, he told me my check had cleared and to be at the Hotel Eclipse for 7pm, room 204 on Friday.

As I entered the hotel the butterflies in my stomach were in a frenzy, I wanted to turn around and leave but I couldn't afford to lose another £1,000 and the thought of £500 spurred me on. Knocking gently on room 204 a man opened the door and I was led into the massive suite, seated in various chairs were four other men, not young sexy men that I had imagined but older men, some fat some thin but all into their late forties. I could see this was going to be harder than I first thought and was glad for the glass of wine that was offered to me.

One of them asked me my name while the others were admiring the sight before them and talking to each other about me as if I wasn't there.

The man who let me in told me to remove my clothes, slowly and with some hesitation I managed to strip off and stood before them all showing what I consider one sexy body. One of the men came towards me his hands moving up towards my breasts, as he touched my nipples I could feel the goose bumps cascade across my body causing an involuntary inhalation of breath. 

"Do you like me touching you?" he asked pleasantly as the smell of whiskey on his breath hit me.

I didn't answer, I was lost for words being in this strange environment knowing that these men may be fucking me at any moment.

Eventually I replied in the affirmative and said that he made my breasts feel good, this caused an outburst of laughter that confused me.

"Young lady we are paying £200 each to have you all night anyway we want and what we don't want to hear are words like breasts, they are tits, and this down here is your cunt, do you understand," he said as his fingers continued to slide along my slit.

"I think I get the message, my tits and cunt are here for your pleasure," I replied and was pleased to see a smile on all there faces.

As I stood before them they all removed their clothes, their peckers already standing to attention and ready for action, two of them took hold of my nipples and led me into the bedroom and onto the bed.

For the next eight hours I was fucked non stop by them all, at one time I had a cock up my arse one in my cunt, one in my mouth and one in each hand as one man came another took his place, for middle aged men they were very fit.

When morning came I was covered in cum, my mouth tasted like a used condom while I could feel cum still oozing out of my other orifices. I showered and dressed but before I left each of them gave me a lingering kiss on my lips they were happy men.

Over the next two years I would offer my body up to men, always five at a time and never all the same men and that gave me the money I needed to get me through University. Yes I suppose that made me nothing better than a common prostitute, sometimes I would enjoy it and other times the men were just pigs.

Now seven years on everything I had worked for could be lost unless I was prepared to be gang banged again and for free. This all came about during my morning surgery, I didn't check whom the next patient was I just buzzed the reception and told them to send them through. To my surprise Jason walked into my room, at first I didn't recognise him, he looked extremely unkempt and many years had passed since we last met. I looked down at the file before me and right away recognised the name and warmly greeted him. Once the formalities were over Jason told me how he had ended up like he was. He had married and been very successful but his wife and child died in a car crash and he had been driving, since then he had a nervous breakdown that ended up with him living in a dirty bedsit and penniless. I prescribed him some anti depressants and he left.

A few days later I bumped into him again, his appearance had improved and the impish smile was back on his face. We stopped in a coffee bar and chatted about old times, I was feeling so relaxed when he hit me with a bombshell. He asked, actually he told me that he wanted me to perform again but for free to help him get back onto his feet. My immediate reaction was to tell him to fuck off but he continued smiling and told me that if I didn't do as he said my past escapades would be given to the newspapers and my career and marriage would be ruined.

There was no alternative and reluctantly I had to agree or lose everything, he gave me a slip of paper with the time and place on and left.

The day arrived and I dressed as he had instructed in a knee length skirt and a tee shirt other than this I wore no underwear, even before I got there I felt vulnerable being covered with so little. Luckily when I entered the hotel there was a long queue at reception so they never saw me sneak through and into the lift. 

Arriving at the door I knocked apprehensively I suppose I was hoping there was no one in, but alas the door opened and I was greeted by Jason who looked me over as if I were a piece of meat in the supermarket. Entering the room there were three men sitting together, my entrance halted their conversation as their heads turned towards me, I could tell by their eyes that they were eager to devour me. On the opposite side of the room was a single man wearing a face mask just looking at him made me shudder, a hint of fear in my reaction.

"Good to see you Anne, let me introduce the guys to you, this is Harry and Paul and James, sitting over there is, well let's just call him mister x," said Jason as he pointed at each one in turn.

"Gentleman this is Anne, she is here for your pleasure, whatever your hearts desire Anne will cater for your every need," continued Jason. "You may undress please Anne."

I stood before them my heart pounding as I removed the tee shirt revealing my ample breasts the coolness of the room causing my nipples to instantly become erect. Quickly I unclipped my skirt letting it fall to the floor, an intake of breath bounced around the room as they all stared at my nakedness.

Jason directed me to the bed and got me to kneel in the centre of the bed facing the headboard, Harry climbed on to the bed in front of me, his cock stood tall as Jason pushed my head forward until Harry's cock could comfortably slip into my mouth. It tasted dirty as if he hadn't washed it for a week and I had to control my urge to gag as inch by inch it slipped further into my mouth. While I sucked Harry's cock I could feel someone's fingers stroking my pussy making it involuntarily wet and ready to be filled. Whoever it was plunged deep into me causing me to almost choke as my head went forward and took Harry's cock down my throat. My pussy pummelling began, my enormous tits bouncing wildly each time he thrust into me. I had no intention of enjoying myself considering I was blackmailed into performing for them, but my body gave me away as the orgasm built between my legs and exploded like a volcano in my brain.

As my tormentor came in my pussy a second orgasm erupted and the intensity of it caused me to black out for a split second, by the time I regained my senses another cock was fucking me, it was a big cock, bigger than I had ever experienced before. I felt like I would split in two and was relieved that he came pretty quickly, as he withdrew from my pussy another cock took its place and the fucking continued. All this time I was still sucking Harry's cock and still he hadn't come, he sure had good staying power I thought to myself just as he tensed and filled my mouth with his sticky fluids. One after the other they fucked me and when they were finished with my cunt they continued with my ass and finished with my mouth. I had been well and truly fucked in every hole, even though I was forced to do it, the multiple orgasms had made it all worth while, but I did feel guilty that I had betrayed my husband.

All the men except Jason and the masked man left, obviously the masked man was just a voyeur, or maybe he had problems getting it up.

"Thanks Anne that was mighty good, maybe you want to see if mister X wants some satisfaction, I'll tell you what if you get him to fuck you I will never ask you to do this again," said Jason with an evil smile on his face.

The challenge was something I couldn't refuse if it allowed me never to have to go through this again, "would you like to fuck me?" I said to him but got no reaction. I placed my hand on his crotch, he was stiff as a board. Freeing his cock from his trousers I began sucking him, running my tongue along the length of his cock and then sucking his balls into my mouth. He beckoned Jason over and whispered something into his ear.

"He wants me to tie you to the bed, his needs are somewhat different to the others," said Jason.

I wasn't sure that I wanted to be at the mercy of this strange man, but then I also wanted my freedom so I agreed to be tied up. Jason tied my wrists and ankles to the four corners of the bed, the masked man walked towards me carrying a bag, I was now getting scared and was glad Jason was still here. From his bag he removed a blindfold that was soon covering my eyes, then my mouth was opened and a gag inserted in it. Now I was totally at the mercy of this strange man and very apprehensive as to what would happen next. I never heard it coming as a strap landed with full force across my tits, my scream stifled by the gag, again and again he whacked my tits, the pain was excruciating and the mask man was bellowing with laughter. Thankfully he stopped hitting my tits and I thought the worst was over, but no, he began clipping clothes pegs to my tits, I lost count but there must have been at least twenty on each one, including my nipples.

I heard whispering once more and then Jason said, "X likes to inflict pain, but he says that if you agree to let him do things to you once a month, then he will be gentle with you. You must also say out loud that your husband is a useless fuck and agree to participate in a gang bang also once a month."

I spluttered something unintelligible and Jason removed the gag, "you bastard you said that if I could get X to fuck me, you would never ask me again."

My aggression was not the wisest thing I've ever done, as X pulled a peg off of each of my tits, followed quickly by two more, the pain shot through me worsened as the blood rushed back.

"I won't ask you again, just say what X wants or suffer some more," repeated Jason.

I refused by clamping my mouth tightly shut, X pulled more clothes pegs off my tits, each one sending a sharp pain through my body. He continued pulling them off hoping to break my stubbornness, but I wasn't going to give him the pleasure, the last two pegs were pulled from my nipples I screamed in agony and then almost passed out.

"I suggest you say what he wants, otherwise he will find even nastier things to do to you," said Jason with a hint of sympathy in his voice.

My silence seemed to spur X on, he began clipping pegs to my pussy lips each one hurting more than the last one, by the time he had finished my pussy must have looked like a weird hedgehog, finally he clipped two onto my clitoris, now I was really worried. As my silence continued he pulled a peg of my lips, by the time he had removed four I screamed that I would say it, the thought of him pulling those pegs of my clitoris swayed my decision. 

"My husband is a useless fuck and you I will let you and your friends gang bang me whenever you want and X can have me to torment," I said as tears gathered in my eyes.

Gently mister X removed the remaining pegs from my clitoris and started licking my pussy, even though I was pained by my experience I couldn't control the orgasm approaching. It hit me just as X slipped his rock hard cock into my pussy and began humping away, orgasm after orgasm ripped through my body, maybe the pain had stimulated me, I don't know.

As mister X lost control his come spurting into my very sore pussy Jason said, "I will keep my word and not ask you to ever do anything for me again, but mister X might."

I had been tricked and felt extremely angry and hurt that I had been conned, mister X stood at my feet looking down at my naked exposed body and started to remove his mask, the shock almost caused me to faint, it was my husband.

"So my dear sweet innocent wife, you are nothing but a whore, a common slut letting those men fuck you like that, I am very disappointed that I didn't know this side of you before. So my sweet slut you have made my day, from now on if you want our marriage to continue then you will become my plaything, your body is mine to do with as I wish, I have many friends who will sample the delights of your body, you will become a fuck toy. 

So now every weekend we hold parties, no woman are ever invited and my husband insists that I spend the weekend walking around the house naked. His guests can fuck me whenever the urge takes them, and it takes them a lot, most of the time I spend on my back with my legs open and being well and truly fucked.