 Cat enjoys a gang bang.

"Welcome to your fantasy Catherine" Ken said as holding her hand he led her down the stairs to the basement which was set up us a relaxation room and gym. 

She had only been there once when he had shown her round the house on her initial visit. 

Cat a forty four year old married woman had been visiting Ken a divorced fifty year old lecturer and avid amateur dramatics participant for nearly six months. He lived in a beautiful Georgian house in Camden Town in north London, she in a rambling, huge, six bedroom Victorian pile on the outskirts of St Albans some fifteen or so miles north of London. He loved his house, she hated hers. 

They had met when Cat had joined a mature student's class in psychology at a college in Islington. They got on very well and she thoroughly enjoyed his lectures and studying. He flirted with all the 'older' female students, particularly Cat, but then she was attractive, with a full breasted figure and beautiful, shoulder-length ash blonde hair. As the course progressed so he and Cat chatted after class, they went for a coffee in the colleges' cafeteria, then a drink in a pub. That led to a dinner and then an invitation to his home ostensibly to look at some old books, a love of which they both shared. In reality they both knew that wasn't the real reason for her visit just before Christmas. The real reason was to have sex. And they had very satisfying sex. So much so that it became an almost weekly event either before or after her lecture.

They tended to do it in one of the small bedrooms on the top floor of the four storey Georgian house. "Hot air rises," he explained. Occasionally, they would have it in the main bedroom, which Ken had shared with his wife before they parted, but that was only on warmer nights. Cat had taken to bringing a dressing gown with her for after sex they would talk for ages and the house was freezing. And their sex sessions did last a long time. This wasn't due to his stamina or recovery powers for like most men his age neither were that impressive and certainly not to the level of those Cat had enjoyed on her last fling, which was with a young golf pro. They lasted so long because they both enjoyed and indulged in long foreplay. That could sometimes go on for up to two hours with Ken giving her numerous finger and tongue induced orgasms, but with him not cumming at all. 

"I'm a strictly once a time lover" he'd told her. After perhaps her third or fourth climax they would fuck and he would cum and then they would lie in bed talking. And that's when she needed the short, red silk, dressing gown.

The basement had a pool table, dart board, a fruit machine and juke box. There was a running machine, a few weights and other gym paraphernalia. In the middle of the room there was a training mat. That was about eight feet square and was raised off the floor by about eight inches forming a small stage sort of thing. The room was dimly lit, with two spots that, for some reason, were beamed onto 'the stage."

Cat was wearing the shorty, dressing gown. It has a tie round the waist, no buttons and the hem was mid-thigh. She was naked underneath it. She hadn't bothered being too careful about how it covered her as Ken, also in a dressing gown, led her down the stairs to the basement. Hence, as she walked the skirt part flapped open showing her inner thighs almost to her crotch and the lapels gaped showing much of both of her breasts.

She had been a little surprised when, some time after they had had sex, Ken had said.

"I have a little surprise for you, come with me."

"What's this Ken?" Cat gasped when she entered the basement. 

Seeing the five men there, all naked apart from towels wrapped round their waists, she immediately knew what he meant by that phrase. 

"Welcome to your fantasy Cat."

It had been the third or fourth time they had slept together when they discussed their fantasies. Feeling wonderfully mellow after her third orgasm and very close to Ken who had been marvellously attentive to her needs, Cat had opened up a little more than she usually did with her lovers.

"Like lots of women I think," she'd said when he asked about her sexual aspirations and fantasies. "I feel an odd attraction to forced sex."

"What rape?"

"Yes sort of, I suppose. But then that's not an aspiration, I'm not sure I really want to do it or be raped, it's more a mind or emotional thing than a physical desire, if you get what I mean" she explained. She had expanded on that by telling him of another fantasy adding. "Which I never expect to fulfil, is a gang bang with five or six blokes and me."

"Who are they? I can't" Cat said in a panicky voice as she grabbed Ken's arms.

"Just some friends Cat, you'll never see them again. An advantage of amateur dramatics I guess" he said, turning and rather scarily, but highly significant locking the door.

"Ken you can't."

"Oh yes I can Cat and I am, aren't I?" He said finding the tie at her waist and pulling it undone. 

Cat grabbed the silk robe just about managing to stop it billowing open.

She looked round at the other men. Their ages varied. One looked to be in his early twenties or late teens and one seemed to be in his late forties or fifties with the others all looking to be around forty. Three were white, one black and another looked to be from India or Pakistan. They all had reasonable physiques, she noted thankfully, as she realised she was starting to accept this amazing situation.

"I didn't mean it Ken, I told you I never expected it to happen, I am not sure I want it to."

"Oh Cat, I think you do," Ken said taking hold of the collar of the robe and pulling it along her shoulders and down her back a little way.

"No stop."

"Come on Cat show them that lovely body of yours" Ken went on tugging at the robe, which Cat refused to surrender.

"No Ken, no I can't" she whined back, worried like hell at how fast her heart was beating.

"You can Cat. Look how much they are all looking forward to it" Ken was saying as he pulled her round to look at the guys standing round three sides of the training mat. As she stared at them, they all undid their towels and let them fall to the floor. Even in her distressed and surprised state, Cat could not help gasping when she saw the five erect and semi-erect cocks. Most of the guys let their fingers stroke their erections.

"Nice Cat?"

"Ken, no" she moaned, beginning to realise that there was no way out of this. She turned back to face him. "Look Ken I can't, I really cannot do this."

He smiled, leaned forward and kissed her. "I think you can, I think really you want to and, most importantly Cat, I think you will."

She hadn't heard anything, but suddenly she was grabbed by the wrists and her arms were pulled behind her making her let go of the robe. It ballooned open showing everything, just as Ken turned her to face the others.

"Oh yes."

"Wow baby."

"Way to go Cat."

Were some of the comments that greeted her nudity. 

Ken and the black guy edged her towards the mat, she had stopped struggling for it was clearly pointless. The robe vanished and she stood naked for a moment or two confronting the five equally naked guys. As if on cue, they moved forward, they surrounded her in the middle of the mat. They all started touching her, stroking and caressing her; her back, her arms, her face, her hair and her legs. They pressed themselves against her, two, three four and five erections on her legs, her thighs her bottom and her stomach. Five cocks pressed against her and ten hands wandering over her body. Caresses were now everywhere; on her legs, her tummy, her chest, her bum, her breasts and her stomach. 

She had, obviously never experienced anything like this before, and, she had to admit, it was amazing. She was going dizzy with the sheer intensity of so much male sexuality.

Her wrist was grabbed and her hand was pressed against a cock, as another slid between the cheeks of her bum and yet another pressed right against her pubic mound and up her tummy.

She was now groaning and sighing as each new experience hit her and as each new set of sensations washed over her. She was turned round and pulled forward and backwards, all the time though feeling male flesh or hands and fingers on her.

Three cocks pressed against her and one in each hand.

Cocks against both cheeks of her bum and her pubes as two mouths licked and chewed her breasts.

Hands rubbing, caressing and squeezing her buttocks, her thighs, her breasts and her nipples.

Fingers pinching and stroking her nipples, her pussy lips and between the cheeks of her bum.

It was happening. She didn't think it would. She had felt that this was just too outrageous and her major feeling would be fear, but it wasn't. Far from it. She was feeling other sensations, but mostly she was getting aroused to a level she didn't think she had experienced before.

Her resistance was waning. Her inhibitions were lessening and her worry and concern barriers were coming down.

She opened her mouth and allowed a tongue past her lips. She felt herself stroking a cock and leaning back to make her tits more easily available to the Indian or Pakistani guy's mouth. Her legs opened and she grunted as one guy from behind and another from the front slid their fingers, three from both directions she guessed, right up her worryingly, wet cunt. 

She was gone.

Both she and Ken knew that and the others guessed it as Ken took his robe off and joined them on the mat. She and he kissed as she gratifyingly, but rather surprisingly, felt his full erection, that was so unlike him just an hour or so after sex.

The guys were as aroused as Cat and were now itching to take this further. One of the older white guys had his arms around her, his hands holding her breasts as he wiggled his cock between her legs from behind. Falling back against him Cat's legs opened a little. The young guy moved in and, holding his cock and bending his knees he wiggled the tip of it right against her lips. Their eyes caught.

"Ok?" He mouthed.

Cat nodded and then had the glorious sensation of his young, hard, very sturdy cock surging up her pussy. At the same time the guy from behind was pushing his cock against the back end of her lips but was beaten to gaining entry by the young buck who had started to fuck Cat. As he did, the others were pawing and licking, feeling her tits and bum and giving her sensations everywhere. 

Cat felt as if she was floating. She didn't have to support herself, they did that, so she could just let her body go. Leaning back against one guy with the young one buried in her, Cat was holding cocks in both hands, it was incredible. Everywhere, every part of her and all her immediate surroundings were filled with sex. It was as though everything was sex, that there was nothing other than sex, that sex was all and everything.

The young guy was quick, but then in such circumstances that wasn't surprising. He didn't actually make Cat cum, but then not one specific thing was likely to do that. It was the whole adventure which had taken her right up to that crest of orgasmic delight and had kept her there. She stayed there during that first fuck, as the young guy slid out and as the guy from behind immediately replaced him. She remained right up there as he shagged her from behind and as two guys, the black one and one of the white forty somethings licked, sucked and chewed her tits and the others ran their hands all over her as she held onto their cocks. 

Things were speeding up, becoming more complicated and hard to follow. Cat hardly knew where her body ended and the men's began, she certainly, other than by skin colourings, she had no idea who was doing what to her.

The guy shagging her from behind finished and another took his place. He lay down on the mat, on his back pulling Cat with him. She was sitting on his cock facing away from him, her knees drawn up just like a jockey on a racehorse. The others, apart from the two who had just cum, crowded round. One pulled her face to one side and holding his cock almost horizontally offered it to her. Cat raised her eyes and met his, he nodded, smiled and raised an eyebrow enquiringly. She smiled back, licked her lips and, still holding his gaze slowly, opened her mouth. As his cock slid into Cat the black guy crouched in front of her, his feet either side of the guy whose cock was up from behind, knees. He slid his cock between her tits, but naked and unsupported as they were, her cleavage was far too wide to create any pressure. Ken solved that by leaning forward, kissing Cat on her cheek, his face brushing against the cock that was fucking her mouth and pushing her tits together round the sturdy black cock.

It went on and on. Cat had no idea how many times she was fucked, how many times she was made to cum, how many cocks she held and how many she had in her mouth. Time lost as much meaning to her as any degree of restraint or inhibition did. Both simply ceased to exist as cock followed cock into her ever willing, or so it seemed, cunt. She was pleased, though surprised that not once did any of the guys try to take her anally. She put that down to Ken telling them as she had him that she didn't like to be fucked in her ass.

The 'party' ended with Cat on her back in the middle of the mat holding her tits and pinching her nipples as those who had anything left stood or knelt round her masturbating and shooting over her body. 

She walked from the basement to cheers, applause and shouted 'thanks Cat' with her tits, chest, stomach, thighs and face stained with the drying residue of the five actors cum.

Ken told her after that she was in fact only fucked five times and that he had explained to the guys that her bum was 'off limits.' She had been half pleased, but very surprised during the orgy that none of the guys had tried for anal as most blokes nowadays seemed to want that, particularly in a gang bang like theirs. She was pretty sure that if one of them had tried she would have gone along with it, for the idea of being fucked there, in her pussy and mouth and between her tits as she wanked two other cocks all at the same time, was, really, the ultimate fulfillment of her gang bang fantasy. She was also slightly regretted not having had two cocks up her pussy at the same time, but then 'hey' she rationalised, 'a girl can't have everything in one go can she?'

Lying beside James in bed that night, she found herself smiling and thinking as she listened to him snoring, 'There's always a next time isn't there?'