 “Hey! Quit kicking sand in our faces!” I yelled at the steroid junkie when he caught the volleyball. 

“That man is the worst nuisance on the beach,” my girlfriend said. 

If I didn’t know better I’d think the bastard was doing it on purpose. He saw me stand up and turned to face me. “Listen here,” he said. “I’d smash your face… Only you’re so skinny you might dry up and blow away!” He grabbed my arm and started flexing like he was in some goddamed competition.

“Hey, fuck you!” I replied. I spun around, got out of his grip and landed a heel right on his kneecap, causing it to dislocate. The fucker fell right to the ground, crying like a little girl. His other chemically enhanced buddies saw what happened and ran towards me. I swear to god it looked like they were posing when they started pointing at me. “Listen here, you bastards,” I said. “I’m a cop. Take Sally here and get off this fuckin’ beach before I have you arrested for disturbing the peace.” They lifted their buddy up in their well-oiled arms and dragged him away. I sat back down. Margie, my girlfriend, lit a cigarette and handed it to me. 

“Oh Mac, you ARE a real man after all,” she said, grabbing my cock. It was pretty easy for her because we didn’t have any fucking clothes on. We were on a goddamed nude beach.

“Damn right, baby.” I replied, and took a drag off my cigarette. Never in my life would I have ever thought I’d be caught on a nude beach, but Margie can be pretty insistent. Besides, it was her birthday, July fourteenth. National Nude Day, she said. She got a beer out of the cooler, opened it up and handed it to me. The beach was pretty much as I had expected, mostly men. Old hippies and mid-life crisis men. I got a kick out of the way they gawked at Margie, trying not to get busted, when we walked past. Margie’s got a hell of a little body. Her tits are small but she’s got a great ass. She knew they were checking her out and was shaking it for the old geezers. I thought it was kind of cute. It kind of turned me on, actually. I’ve never seen a chick walking on the beach naked in real life before. My cock started getting hard the more I thought about it. The breeze caressing my balls didn’t do much to help either.

We were at the far end of the beach, past the volleyball courts. I figured they’d probably be pissed off if we smoked around them. Margie looked down and saw that I was sporting a chubby. “Hey, why don’t we go in the water and wash the sand and suntan lotion off it so I can give you a blowjob?” she asked me.

“Sounds good to me,” I replied. Good old Margie. She’d give me head anytime, anywhere. 

“Is it going to go soft when we go in the water?” she asked.

“Oh fuck no. C’mon.”

We got up and Margie shook the sand off the towel. We didn’t spend a whole lot of time in the water. We got in, Margie stroked my dick and played with my balls to make sure all the sand was off, and we were back on the towel. I sat up and leaned back, holding myself up with my arms. Margie leaned over and sucked my whole dick in her mouth. It wasn’t completely hard when she started, but it didn’t take her long to get me to a full-fledged boner. She still took all of me easily in her mouth though, something a lot of girls have a hard time doing. Women tell me I’m pretty well endowed. She had my balls in one hand and I had a cigarette in mine. I think some of the old folks were watching us but I really didn’t give a fuck. Something else had caught my attention. This chick was coming out of the water. She had perfect tits. I couldn’t keep my eyes off them. She had her arms up in the air, running her fingers through her blonde hair, and she had perfect tits. I wondered if Margie felt my cock getting harder. I wanted to bury my cock between this chick’s tits. She was walking towards us, but she kept looking around like she lost something.

“Have you seen some guys playing volleyball?” the angel asked us. She didn’t seem at all fazed to interrupt a couple while they’re having oral sex on the beach. Hell, maybe it’s normal at nude beaches, I didn’t know. She had a flat tummy and nice meaty hips, thighs and calves. The kind of body that could withstand some serious cake pounding. Her pussy was shaved bare. Margie looked up at her. If it’s one thing Margie likes more than a good fuck, it’s eating pussy. If it’s one thing Margie likes to eat more than pussy, it’s eating shaved pussy. 

“They, uh, were asked to leave. They were causing a disturbance. I’m a cop and I asked them to leave.”

“Those bastards,” Christine spat. “They always pull that shit. They left without me.”

“Would you like a beer?” Margie asked.

“Sure.” She sat down cross-legged on our towel, facing us with her shaved pussy and perfect breasts. “I’m Christine,” she said. We introduced ourselves. “Can I bum a smoke?” I handed her one and held my Zippo while she lit it. My cock was still hard.

“Don’t worry, we can take you home,” I replied.

“Thanks. I don’t live far from here.” Christine took a drag off her cigarette and looked at my cock. It was still standing at attention. “Oh shit, I’m so sorry! I interrupted you guys! I just got a little freaked out when I saw those guys were gone and didn’t notice what you were doing.”

“That’s okay, don’t worry about it,” Margie replied. I knew what she had in mind.

“My god, I haven’t seen a cock that big in a long time,” Christine said as she stared at it. “I think taking steroids shrinks a guy’s dick.”

“Or else they gotta lift weights and juice up on steroids to compensate for their tiny dicks,” I laughed. 

Margie began stroking my rod. “Tell you what, Christine. Would you like to suck it? Why don’t you suck Mac’s dick and I’ll eat your pussy. How does that sound?” Margie was never one to mince words.

“Really? Okay.” Wow, that didn’t take her long to convince her, I thought. I knew Margie was chomping at the bit to get her tongue into this girl’s pussy so I let her take the lead. She had Christine lay down on her back and Margie got on her elbows and knees between Christine’s legs so her ass was sticking up in the air, facing the beach. She spread Christine’s legs as far apart as they could go and bent her knees up so they were almost touching her tits. The warm sun shone on her glistening pussy lips before Margie’s tongue snaked its way around her thigh to Christine’s clit. I had moved up to Christine’s head where my cock was bouncing inches from her face. She stroked it and took as much as she could into her mouth, which was kind of hard for her because of the angle we were at, but that didn’t matter to me. She was doing a good job but I didn’t want to come just yet anyway. I was biding my time until I could bust a nut between her tits. Christine was really getting into what Margie was doing to her, though. Her breathing was getting choppy and she wasn’t paying as much attention to my cock, which was all right with me. I would have been just fine watching these two chicks go at it. Come to think of it, I had my back to the rest of the beach so I didn’t know if we were being watched or not. Margie was shaking her ass back and forth and moaning along with Christine. She’s pretty talented when it comes to eating pussy, I’m told. I could tell Christine was close to coming when her moans turned to little squeals and she started playing with her nipples. My cock had popped out of her mouth by then and I was stroking it. I thought about slipping it in my girlfriend’s pussy, but I felt like watching Christine come instead. She closed her eyes tight and her body started quivering. Her hands ran up and down her tummy and around her breasts. Margie came too, but she’s one of those gals who can have an orgasm whenever the wind changes direction. She started moaning louder at the same time that Christine did, her ass and pussy shaking, sticking up towards the sun.

Christine flopped an arm over her eyes and caught her breath. “Christ, your girlfriend sure knows how to eat pussy,” she sighed.

“Yeah, so I hear,” I replied. 

“You better watch out, I just might have to steal her away from you. Sorry I forgot about this,” she said, toying with my cock with her other hand.

“That’s okay, I have other plans,” I said. 

“You want to fuck her tits, don’t you?” Margie said as she got up from between Christine’s legs. It was wet around her mouth. 

“You got that right,” I said. I like Margie a lot. We get along great, she’s fun, we’re good in bed, I like being with her, but when God was handing out big tits she was definitely holding the door. And I like big tits. She probably knew that that’s what I had in mind all along.

“Cool, I haven’t done this in awhile,” Christine said. I stood up and she knelt in front of me. 

“Hang on,” Margie said, and got a big bottle of suntan oil out of her bag. She squirted some on her hands and rubbed them all over Christine’s boobs. She looked up at me and ran her tongue around her lips. “Ooh, you like that, don’t you?” she was joking.

“Don’t tease me now, woman! I’ve got some tits to fuck!” I said pretty loudly. I was joking too, but I forgot there were people around. 

Margie put the bottle back in her bag and pulled out something else--her dildo. She showed it to Christine and winked. Christine smiled. Margie knelt behind her and Christine leaned back onto Margie. She pressed her tits together. I watched as Margie reached around and guided the dildo past her wet pussy lips. “Oh yeah,” Christine moaned as the dildo disappeared inside her. Margie was nibbling on her ear.

“Oh yeah,” I grunted as my cock slid between her pillowy breasts. The head of my cock poked out between them as I thrust upward. She squeezed them together even more and I could feel her skin get warmer as my thrusting increased. I felt the underside of my cock sliding against the smooth area between her tits as they pressed down on it. I felt the cool breeze when my head of my cock escaped from the confines of her warm tits. My balls slid along her smooth tummy. I could feel Marge going to town on her with the dildo through Christine’s choked breathing. Christine’s eyes were closed and her mouth was open. Her nipples were pinched between her index and middle fingers. I don’t know if Christine could feel the cum welling up in my balls but I sure as hell could. I thought it best to warn her. 

“Shit, I’m going to come.”

“Me too. Come on my face, come on my face,” Christine said between breaths.

“Mine too,” Margie gasped.

“Oh shit…” My eyes kind of glazed over when I took my cock in my hand and busted a nut all over the two girls. I didn’t really see where I was shooting my load but I heard Christine’s squeals and Margie’s moaning. What snapped me back to reality though was when I heard people clapping and cheering. 

“Hero of the beach! Hero of the beach!” They were yelling in unison. We were surrounded by about twenty or so wrinkly old skinny dippers. Those bastards were watching us all along! I didn’t even notice them come around. Someone handed me a lit cigarette and I took a well-deserved drag. 

I looked down at the girls. Christine had thick strands of cum going from her mouth to her tits. Margie had a bunch around her mouth and cheeks. There was even a line hanging from between the two.

Luckily, the crowd broke up and went back to the other side of the volleyball area. That was good because I didn’t know if I should have given them the high-five or if I should have busted their kneecaps. We went into the water to wash off, then split. Christine got her bag but she didn’t have any clothes because she left them in one of the steroid-boy’s cars. She wrapped herself in our towel for the trip to her house. We exchanged email addresses and left.

I don’t know if we’ll ever go to a nude beach again, but if we do we’re sure as hell going to invite Christine.