 This fantasy is dedicated to three friends of mine on an adult chat/ game site. Summer, Avarice and Nawulo, this one is for you.

*****

I walk into the dark theater and pause a moment waiting for my eyes to adjust. The movie, although great, has been out for a few weeks so the mad crush of viewers has settled down somewhat. I look toward the back where I usually sit and see a pretty young couple about midway up the ramp. I don't like sitting alone in a theater so I carefully make my way up to sit beside the young lady and her friend.

I see her look over as I make my way down to where they are sitting. Her eyes linger on my long red hair and pause even longer on my chest. I'm just coming off work, so while a knee length skirt and loose blouse with a jacket is not the usual movie attire it is eye catching here.

She looks puzzled a moment as I sit beside her. Her friend leans forward slightly with an easy smile. As he is looking me over I know he is not unhappy but certainly curious.

"Hi" I whisper leaning in and smelling the shampoo of her blond hair, "Sorry, I don't like sitting alone in the theater. Do you mind if I sit here?"

She gives a knowing smile," Oh sure no problem, my name is Summer."

"Hi Summer" and we both chuckle as we give each other a little handshake. "I'm Alexa."

Her friend leans forward again and we also shake, but the previews start like a blast of thunder so I miss his name.

We all settle back in our chairs as the movie starts, but a few minutes in I feel as if someone is watching me. I glance to my left and see Summer turn her head away quickly. My gaze lingers a moment, looking at her soft hair, down the swell of her chest and the bare legs in the skirt she is wearing. I notice it has ridden up a bit past mid-thigh and her legs are rocking open and closed slightly causing the skirt to slowly ride higher.

This gets my attention. I am Bi and right now this lovely young lady is pushing all my buttons even if she doesn't know it. I feel frustrated as my nipples start to get hard and I have a little fluttery feeling in my chest looking at her. Watching her legs open and close rhythmically I imagine my hand sliding between them to explore the mysteries still covered.

Her friend has put his arm over her shoulder as is lightly playing with her hair. She leans back slightly with his attention, obviously enjoying it. Her leg bumps mine and she glances over and mouths a "sorry." I smile and, seeing an opportunity, rest my hand on her bare knee petting lightly. My eyebrow goes up as the leg stops moving immediately and opens more so it is resting against mine.

I look again at her, eyes fixed on the screen and biting her lip. Her friend is running a finger along her ear and down the side of her neck, slowly tracing a nail up and down. She is starting to breathe faster and the leg with my hand on it is very still but quivering.

Feeling myself get more excited, I slowly run my hand up her smooth leg. I feel the muscles quiver with excitement and cannot help watch the rise and fall of her chest. Her friend, seeing my hand move up, looks over at me and smiles with a wink. He turns slightly sideways, fingers still tickling the back of her neck and runs a hand under her shirt crossing the top of her chest.

Summer keeps her eyes fixed on the screen as I adjust my position, my hand now brushing up and down her thigh. I lean in slightly and lick an earlobe, smiling more with her little jump and feeling her hips move forward slightly. Her legs open I brush my hand against the thin material of her damp panties, biting her ear lightly as she tried to cover a gasp. I slide a finger under the band and she wiggles with me as I slide them down and off one leg.

Her friend has undone the buttons on her shirt and slid her bra cup under a breast. His fingers brush a nipple lightly as I cup my hand over her mound. The feeling of moist heat is amazing and I caress my whole hand over her. I open her and start to brush her clit with a wet finger. Her legs open more and her friend lifts one over his leg. She is open completely now and almost gasping for air, eyes fixed ahead as I tease her. Slide a finger down just inside then back up.

Her shirt open and both of her amazing breasts are in view. He leans forward and takes a nipple in his mouth, sucking and nibbling. She is even wetter and her eyes close as I slide one, then two fingers inside her, back to rub her clit and down again.

I hear a sound behind us and see a man has slid into the seat behind Summer. He looks at me, smiles slightly and raises an eyebrow looking for permission to play. I look over at her friend, he looks up with a nipple still in his mouth, looks at Summer with her eyes closed and mouth slightly open. With a smile he looks at the man and nods leaning back slightly.

This new man leans forward and starts kissing Summers neck, his hands sliding forward to cup both her breasts, fingers brushing over her nipples. Her eyes fly open and she starts slightly. Looking at us and seeing our smiles she leans back again and savours the feel of three of us working to pleasure her.

Her friend has surrendered Summers breasts and our new friend is teasing both nipples, massaging her lovingly. His hand joins mine and as I massage her clit he is pumping his fingers inside her.

Now it's my turn to be surprised as I feel a hand on my leg. I look back and see another gentleman has sat down beside me, leaning slightly forward running his hand up my leg. 

At this point I don't even care and pause with Summer for a moment to pull my skirt up and open my legs for him.

His hand slides up my muscular thigh and teases my pussy through my panties. I want him to rip them off and drive his fingers in me, I'm so wet and ready at this point. I see him smile as he senses my frustration and begins to tease me more, running a finger over my clit through the material.

I go back to playing with Summer while he enjoys himself. Her hips are rocking forward in time with the fingers pumping into her. Her hands have grabbed both mine and her friend's thigh, our friend behind us brushing and pulling on her nipples. She leans back and locks a powerful kiss with her first friend, her hand snapping up to grab his head.

My new friend has pulled my panties aside and my head drops as he starts to oh so expertly massage my swollen clit. I'm so horny at this point that the slightest touch is bringing me to the brink. This man knows what he is doing and brings me right to the edge, building my passion more and more then easing off at just the right moment. Such delicious agony as the three of us bring Summer to a crashing orgasm. Hiding her gasp while kissing her friend fiercely, her hips rocking up and down in time with his fingers and me playing her clit. Our friend behind us eases off on the nipples, circling instead of pulling as Summer comes back down.

As Summer cums my friend picks up the pace and I am suddenly hiding my face in her chest as a wave of pleasure sweeps over me. The hand on her breast strokes the back of my head as I shudder through, my new friend seeming to draw this on forever.

As the incredible feeling eases back I lift my head and look around. The few people around us could not have helped but noticed what was going on but it didn't seem like anyone was minding the show. Shifting I hold my friends arm then lean forward to give him a hard kiss and whisper a thank you. He smiles and mouths a welcome then brushes Summers arm. She looks over at us and smiles broadly, quickly grasps both our hands then turns her head to kiss the man behind her.

Her friend has slid her breasts back into her bra and has closed her shirt. I use my panties to clean up quickly then pull my skirt back down, tucking them in my bag. I look at the man beside me and raise an eyebrow, brushing my hand on the throbbing cock in his pants. I notice the same issue on the other two men and feel a new wave of even stronger excitement building in me.

As Summer gets herself back together we are all looking at each other and the man beside me whispers,

"Just follow me," and slides forward to get up. I look at the others and nod my head in his direction. They all smile and we move to get up as a group. Summer is still a little weak on her feet and giggles as she holds her friends arm. Trying to move quietly and not notice the people watching us we all move out of the theater.