 I'd never seen her in the lunchroom before, or for that matter, anywhere else on campus. I'm sure I would remember if I had. After all, even in Texas, it's not everyday one sees a college girl wearing black jeans, a starched white western shirt, and snake-skin western boots. The only thing missing from the look was a wide brimmed cowboy hat.

She was a few people ahead of me in line, so I hadn't seen her face yet. Still, the way her long black hair dangled across the white of her shirt and three-quarters down her back was striking. Her long legs and her tight round ass . . . the words to a Zac Brown song "Chicken Fried" came to mind, "... a pair of jeans that fit just right ..."

"Yes, some of that, please." I said to the woman behind the counter without looking. I didn't really care what would eventually end up on my plate. Whatever it was, it wasn't worth taking my eyes off of the beauty in line in front of me.

After paying for her food, she turned and began walking toward me. I couldn't have spoken if I wanted. She was drop dead gorgeous. She noticed me staring, but instead of giving me a "dream on" sneer, she smiled right at me. I was lost in that smile and the most beautiful blue eyes I'd ever seen, until being snapped back to reality by another server.

While getting the rest of my lunch and paying for it, I forced myself not to turn around to see where she was sitting. I knew my heart would sink if she had joined a group of gaggling girls, or worse, a boyfriend.

When I did take up my tray and turn toward the room, I almost walked right into a table when I spotted her sitting alone. Even after her showing that fleeting but inviting smile, I knew the chances of her giving me so much as the time of day were slim and none, but I couldn't help myself. I was drawn to her like a moth to a porch light, completely willing to accept her inevitable rejection and sulk away to eat alone in the corner.

"Ex . . . excuse me. Would you like some company?"

When she came back from wherever she had been in her mind, she looked up and showed me another of those heart-stopping smiles. "Please." She said, gesturing to the seat across the table from her.

"I . . . I'm Jake." I managed to get out when I was seated.

She extended a hand across the table, "Hi, Jake. I'm Tina."

I hadn't planned that far ahead, so I didn't know what to say next. I'm not usually so tongue tied around girls—not that I'd had that much experience, but I'd had a few girlfriends. Finally, I just began picking at my food.

After a few moments of silence, she let out a soft giggle, "So, Jake, what brought you over here? Do you have a thing for cowgirls?"

I could feel a blush flood my neck and face, but I managed to say, "No, but I do have a thing for blue eyes and beautiful smiles."

"Why, thank you darlin. Now, do you know why I let you join me for lunch?"

"Uh, no. I don't have a clue. I didn't really exp--"

"Because you were actually looking at my face. Most guys don't."

I swear, it wasn't until she said those words that I noticed what she was talking about. The front of her western shirt had a diamond shaped cut out in the front, and it exposed a healthy amount of bulging cleavage. The view was awe inspiring. When I realized I was staring too long, I looked back up, "Uh, sorry."

She giggled louder this time. "That's okay, Jake. I practically invited you to take a look, which I'm sure you hadn't already. I like that."

"No, it was your smile." I said honestly.

"And my blue eyes. I believe you."

After that, our conversation was less strained, at least on my side of the table. I'm sure it had never been strained for her. We chatted for the next fifteen minutes, and I learned that she didn't always dress like that. The western clothes were for a play she was going to be in later.

Finally, after depositing our trays in the bin, I started to ask, "Tina, would you like to--"

She turned and looked right at me, her smile as inviting as it had been all during lunch, "Yes, yes, I would, Jake. Why don't we meet back her tomorrow, same time. You can be thinking about where you want to take me, but I'll warn you, I don't like fancy places."

* * *

I've never considered myself a slouch. I've always tried to pay attention to my grooming and manner of dress, but I must admit to taking a few minutes longer dressing and preparing myself for the next day. And, while I've never considered myself handsome, I thought I looked okay. So why did I feel like such an inadequate fuck with just the thought of her? Hell, I already knew the answer. Tina was way out of my league.

"Well, where are you going to take me, and when?" She asked with that same intoxicating smile when we were seated.

I shrugged, "I'm tied between McDonald's and Burger King. You choose." I waited until after she was finished laughing to add, "But I really like the Loan Star Steakhouse, if that's not too fancy for you."

Tina was wearing a clinging light blue t-shirt and tan slacks. Her proud breasts bulging from the top of her dark blue bra was noticeable under her shirt, but not blatantly so. She wore her dark hair down and it framed her face, providing a wonderful contrast to her bright eyes and beautiful smile.

"Oh, The Loan Star? I suppose you'd like me to wear my outfit from yesterday, too?"

It was my turn to laugh, "Only if you have the hat to go with it."

"You're quick. I like that. I think I might be able to come up with something you'll approve of."

Hell, she could show up in clown costume for all I cared, or a ratty old pair of whatever. "So when?"

She raised an eyebrow, "I'm free tonight if you are."

"Seven?"

Can we make it six? I have an early test tomorrow."

After she gave me her address, we disposed of our trays and parted, but not without Tina giving my arm a gentle squeeze, "I'm really looking forward to tonight, Jake."

* * *

I'm not sure why, but I was expecting her to live in an apartment, perhaps with a roommate or two. But my GPS led me to her address in a nice middle class neighborhood. I rationalized, she's in college, so she is probably still living with her parents. When Tina came to the door, she was wearing a white silk blouse with a plunging neckline and beige pleated slacks. She was also wearing a black western hat.

When she saw me taken aback by the hat she pulled it off and hung it on the coat rack just inside the door. Laughing, she said, "You should have seen the look on your face." And then she did a slow pirouette, "You like?"

"You look . . . incredible." I answered honestly.

"And so do you. You clean up pretty good. I'm starving. Let's get out of here."

I was very glad I hadn't tried to dress up too much. I was wearing simple white slacks and a solid blue button up shirt—no tie. I'd used enough moose on my medium length blonde hair to keep it brushed back and in place.

She ordered a Coors draft. I wasn't much of a beer drinker. I prefer something harder and was hoping it would settle my nerves, but I opted for a draft beer instead. She stopped the waitress, "Jake, you don't have to drink beer. If there's something you like better, please have what you would if I weren't here."

I shrugged at the waitress, "Jack and Coke, please." And then I turned to Tina, "Thank you."

I was just reaching for my glass of water when she reached over and put her hand on mine, "Jake"

I knew what she was going to say, so I grinned at her, "Sorry, it's a habit . . ."

She finished my thought, "And this our first date, and you want to make a good impression, but you've already done that, or I wouldn't be here."

"Point taken."

Even before the alcohol began tingling my nerve endings, Tina's beautiful smile and approachable nature had me relaxed. She was truly easy to talk to and we had a wonderful dinner.

I learned a lot about Tina that night. I was impressed by her beauty for sure, but with her personality and her compassion as well, and especially her intellect. As difficult as it is to do well in college, with the time and effort it takes, somehow she found the time to volunteer two nights a week at the local children's hospital. Her goal was to achieve a degree in business and use her education to start and run a non-profit for handicapped children.

By the time I pulled my white Chevy Silverado into her driveway, I was feeling confident that this wouldn't be our last date. And when we got to her door, I leaned in and gave her a friendly kiss on the cheek.

She smiled at me and said, "I'm sure we can do better than that." And she put her arms around my neck and kissed me warmly. It wasn't a French kiss, but soft and warm and lingering. I don't think my feet touched the ground on the way back to my truck.

* * *

Tina and I went out again twice the following week, always early, both times wonderful, and each time our parting kiss becoming more intimate. She had taken to snuggling up against me when we walked. Her five foot eight inch body fit perfectly against my sturdy six foot frame, making it easy and natural for me to put my arm around her and hold her to me.

"Do you have plans for tomorrow?" She asked me as we were parting after our date on Friday night.

"Nothing important, why?"

"I was thinking we might drive out to the lake. We can catch some rays and have a little picnic."

"That sounds wonderful. I'd love to."

She lifted herself and gave me another warm kiss, "You bring the refreshments and I'll take care of everything else. Is eleven okay?"

"I'll be here with bells on."

* * *

It was the first time I'd been inside Tina's home. She took my hand led me to the kitchen. I was distracted, to say the least. She was wearing a small white bikini top and tight pink shorts.

"I have a few things left to put in the basket. If you'll--" She finally noticed my daze. She turned to face me, stretching her arms out from her sides. "You like?"

"I'll say—I mean, I'm sorry, I didn't mean--"

She let out a laugh, "It's okay, Jake." And she walked over to me, put her arms around my neck, and gave me a warm kiss. "But you need to snap out of it so we can get going."

We picked out a sandy spot near the water where the trees weren't blocking the sun. After spreading out our towels, I doffed my t-shirt, leaving me in just my swimsuit. When she pulled off her shorts, my eyes almost popped out of my head. She was wearing the smallest thong bikini I'd ever seen. It left almost nothing to the imagination. I could clearly see the outline of her labia, and all of her incredible ass.

Her heavy, jutting breasts were almost completely exposed as well, and the thin material seemed to be struggling to contain them. Her nipples were taut and shouting their presence through the sheer material. She was practically naked.

While I was gawking, Tina was busy pulling things from the large picnic basket. At one point, while bending over facing away from me, she looked around with a naughty grin, "Enjoying the view?"

"Uh, of course." I managed.

She just giggled and went back to what she was doing. When I finally managed to pull my eyes off of Tina's awesome almost nakedness, I popped the top on two Coors Lites and we sat side by side on our towels.

There were a few people milling about, mostly walking down the small strip of sand and enjoying the sun. More than one guy tripped over his own feet when they glanced over and saw Tina. She would just chuckle under her breath and say only loud enough for me to hear, "Another one almost bit the dust."

I finally had to say something, "You enjoy that don't you?"

She turned to look right at me, "Yes, Jake, I do. I always have. Isn't it obvious that I go out of my way to make it happen? The only difference between me and other girls is that I freely admit it. How does that make you feel?"

I shrugged, "If you've got it, flaunt it . . . and you've definitely got it."

"Oh, and what is 'IT'? What do I have?"

I wasn't sure what she wanted me to say, but I didn't feel our relationship had reached a point where I felt comfortable being too blunt. "You are very sexy, and you have an awesome body."

"So, not just a nice smile and blue eyes?" She asked in what seemed to be a serious tone.

While I was searching my brain for a response, she slapped me on the arm and started laughing, "I'm just fucking with you, Jake. I know exactly what I have . . . a very nice ass and a set of bodacious tatas."

I was taken somewhat aback by her language. I'd never heard her use the F word before. I finally said, "No, it's more than that. Your whole is greater than the sum of your parts."

"Hum, I like that. It's not just my thirty-six Ds or my volleyball ass?"

When I looked over at her and saw the naughty grin on her face, I caught on to her game. "Having fun?"

"Why, whatever are you talking about?"

I chuckled, "You're enjoying tormenting me. That's what I'm talking about. You're busted."

She leaned over to me and put her lips right next to my ear, "Oh, does talking about my tits and ass torment you, lover?"

I shot her a glance and grinned, "I need another beer."

She laughed out loud and said, "I'll get it." And then she stepped over to the ice chest and bent from the waist. Again, she looked back toward me with a devilish grin. Before straightening up, she began slowly gyrating her ass.

"You're sooooo bad." I scolded her.

When she was sitting beside me again, her tone turned serious, "Jake, if we're going to be together, you're going to have to learn to accept that I do enjoy having fun with what God gave me, and I want you to learn to have fun with it too."

My jaw dropped. I was sure I'd just heard her say "If we're going to be together". I couldn't process it. This gorgeous beauty, this incredibly personable, intelligent, funny, compassionate goddess, had just come right out with "If we're going to be together". I finally managed to compose myself enough to ask her, "Are we . . . going to be together?"

Tina scooted over and draped her arm on my bare shoulder. She picked up my hand and kissed it, "I hope so, but there's something we need to talk about first."

"Oh, what is that?"

"No, Jake, first you have to say it. You haven't said you want to be with me—for us to be a couple."

I turned to look her in the eyes, "More than anything in the world, but I never dared to dream about you feeling the same way."

Her expression softened, "Good, now that we have that settled, we can have the talk."

"What do we need to talk about?"

"Sex" She said nonchalantly as she was taking another sip of her beer.

* * *

When I finally managed to get the beer out of my nose and clean up that which I'd spit all over myself, and once she'd stopped laughing, I managed to ask, "Okay, what do we need to talk about, sexually speaking?"

Tina's mood seemed to turn serious and inwardly reflecting. "It's complicated."

"I don't understand. I've done it a few times. It's not that complicated." I said with a chuckle in an attempt to lighten her mood.

"It is for me, Jake."

"Okay, but you'll need to explain that."

"Okay, here goes: I don't look at sex the same as most people. To me, there is a huge difference between making love and having sex. People must be in love before they can make love. In their case, sex is an extension of their emotional bond . . . the love they have for each other. I've never been in love, so I've never made love. I hope to fall in love one day and experience that, but it hasn't happened yet."

"Okay, I'm with you so far." I offered.

"Sex, on the other hand is recreational. To me it's more like a sport. I have a wide variety of sexual appetites."

"Just let me know what I can do to help." I said, putting my arm around her and pulling her close. "I'm not sure what all that means, but I'll do whatever you need me to do, I promise."

"You'll find out as time goes on. Just promise that you won't try to own me, that you won't smother me, and most of all, that you won't judge me."

My brain was whirling. I couldn't fathom what she was talking about, but I was sure of one thing. I was sure I wanted to be with her more than anything, and I was sure I was willing to learn to adapt to whatever it was that was causing her to feel it necessary to have this talk now. I put my fingers under her chin and lifted it. When her eyes met mine, I said, "I promise." And then we kissed passionately for the first time.

And then Tina said something that totally blew my mind. When we broke our kiss, she moved her mouth to my ear and purred, "I hope your life has a seat belt, because you're in for one hell of a ride."

* * *

When we got back to Tina's home, and after cleaning out the picnic basket, Tina pulled a large bottle of Jack Daniel's from the cupboard. She waved it at me with a naughty grin, "I bought you some Coke too. You mix it until I learn the way you like it."

The bottle was unopened, and while I removed the seal and began mixing myself a drink, she was busy making herself a margarita. Without warning, she reached behind her back and untied her small bikini top. "Whew! I hate having to wear that thing. Do you mind?"

I almost dropped my glass. She turned away immediately and continued fixing her drink like nothing had happened. When she turned back to me, I was still standing there, totally paralyzed. Even though I'd already seen most of her breasts, I was transfixed by the way her dark pink nipples pointed to the ceiling, surrounded by their slightly lighter pink areolas.

To her credit, she didn't interrupt my revere. She just stood there, her drink in hand, and let me gawk at her naked breasts. It must have been thirty seconds before she cleared her throat and said in a voice that was anything but teasing or mocking, "I need a shower. Do you want to join me?"

"Yes!" I almost shouted.

Tina giggled, "Great. We'd better undress in here so we don't track sand through the house. I'll wash your suit later . . . or in the morning if you decide to stay the night."

I knew better than to be shy about removing my swimsuit. I had a full erection, but I was sure she already knew that. It would have been impossible to hide it in a swimsuit. When I was naked, she raised an eyebrow and grinned, "I guess you like my tits after all."

"Was there ever any doubt?" I asked as I took up my glass.

"Nah" She said as she stepped out of her shorts and bikini bottoms in one move. "I kinda figured you might."

She tossed our clothes in the laundry room, took up her glass, and led me through the master bedroom and into the bath. After turning on the water in the walk in shower, and while waiting for it to warm up, she turned to me. "So, you didn't say. "Do you want to stay the night?"

I stepped up and put a hand on each her shoulders. "Only if you do me one favor."

She raised an eyebrow, "Oh, and what is that?"

"Stop asking me questions you already know the answer to." And then I kissed her passionately. Tina responded by putting her arms around my neck and slithering her body into mine. The feeling of her magnificent breasts against my chest and my rigid cock being pressed between our bodies almost sent me over the edge.

When our kiss ended, she pulled back and said, "It'll be warmer under the water."

Once we were in the shower, and after sharing another passionate kiss, Tina handed me a bar of soap, and then raised her arms and gripped the shower head pipe with both hands, "Care to do the honors?"

I wasn't in the mood to scold her for asking me another obvious question, so I just took the soap and began washing her. I started at her neck and took my time working my way up and down each arm before moving to her chest. Her breasts were so firm and felt so wonderful, I was afraid I might blow my load while washing them.

But when I started to move on down her body, she turned around, her hands still gripping the pipe above her. I reached around her and spent another minute washing and kneading her breasts before moving my hands lower. When I got to her crotch, she lowered one of her hands and put it on mine, pressing it to her crotch. She held it tightly there and began moving her hips and moaning softly.
