 As I lay in Tina's bed watching her sleep, her chest slowly rising and falling, I reflected on the last few weeks. Even though she was way out of my league, we seemed to hit it off in grand fashion from the start. But now, faced with the reality of her most recent disclosure, my brain was about to explode.

Not only had Tina given me the best one on one sex of my life, she'd brought out the best in me as well. And when she introduced me to her friend Marline, and after engaging in a wild threesome with them, I thought it couldn't get any better. I was wrong.

I had very much dreaded our next sexual rendezvous when I learned that Marline's boyfriend, Rick, would not only be there, but he would fuck Tina as well. In fact, she'd fucked him several times already in threesomes with the pair. I was able, however, to finally swallow my pride and check my jealousy at the door.

Of course it didn't hurt that Tina had presented me with a present upon my arrival at her home that weekend. My present was a cute, petite little submissive named Vicky, who was charged with tending my every need. "Just so you don't get bored," Tina had told me.

But now it was this new revelation that was keeping me from sleeping. Tina had just revealed to me that I'd only met a small percentage of the members of their little sex club. No, sex club isn't the right word for it. She explained that they were all great friends and shared many more activities than just sex.

Tina had buffered me from meeting the others, or even knowing about them for that matter, until she was sure I could handle the whole situation mentally. Evidently, I had passed that test. A barbeque at the campus park the next weekend was to be my official introduction to the group.

How was I supposed to sleep after hearing that?

* * *

During lunch under our favorite tree all week, I prodded Tina to give me some clue about who I was going to meet on Saturday. She wouldn't budge. She was getting a big kick out of my curiosity, and teased me constantly about it.

Rick had told me that he'd known Tina for six months, and in that time, she'd never had a boyfriend. I couldn't understand how an unattached girl could survive in a group like that without causing a lot of jealousy from the other girls, but I didn't bring that question up to Tina.

The only thing she would tell me was that there were, counting her, six girls, and now counting me, six guys. "One has huge tits, one has fried eggs. One has a huge cock, one has a tiny one. One is the group clown. One is very quiet and reserved. They are all wonderful people, and we are all nudists."

* * *

During the drive to the park, Tina must have sensed how nervous I was. "What's wrong, baby?"

I wasn't in the mood to beat around the bush, "You mean other than the fact that we're on our way to meet a bunch of guys who have all fucked you?"

She didn't laugh. Instead, she put her hand on my arm, "Jake, Rick fucked me right in front of you, and he made me cum good too. So, who did I spend last weekend alone with? Who am I with right now? Not Rick. I can tell you that. Did seeing him fuck me change how you feel about me?"

"No." I answered honestly.

"Do you think it changed the way I feel about you, other than in a good way?"

"No."

"Well, then we should talk about the others. Yes, I have fucked every one of them, some more than others, and I've enjoyed all of it, some things more than others."

"The one with the big cock, I'm guessing."

Tina laughed out loud, "Gezzz! Men! That's all you think about. Is that what's got you so uptight?"

"Maybe." I said, knowing full well how petty it sounded, but I felt secure enough in our relationship by that point to be a little petty in front of her.

"Okay, so we need to deal with that. This isn't a nude get-together, so you won't know which one he is. Just know this: I can't take him. He's too big. I'm not built to take a cock like his. A couple of the girls love it though, so they do the honors with him. So no, I don't fuck him. I've tried. I just couldn't take it. I do love playing with his gigantic cock though. It's fun to play with, but not to fuck—not for me. Between the two, I'd rather fuck the guy in our group with the smallest cock. He can fuck for hours. I'm not exaggerating. Got it?"

"Really? No bullshit?"

"Yes really. The guy with the big one cums a bucket full though, and I love that."

"Okay."

"Now, can you please get over your silly perceptions of what girls like and don't like? There is no one in our group that cares how big your cock is. We do care how you use it, and trust me; you have nothing to worry about in that department, or the size department either for that matter."

"Okay, okay, I got it."

"On the reverse side, our little flat-chested girl suffered for a long time because she didn't feel adequate. But the guys in the group say she's easily the best fuck in the group. She cums early and often, and if you don't stop her, you won't have any skin left on your cock when she's done. She's like the Energizer Bunny. I only wish I could fuck like her. Got it?"

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Okay then, relax and drive."

* * *

It was a normal outdoor barbecue in the park. It was easy to tell from the start how natural and easy they were around each other. In fact, the only thing different than a normal cook out, was how the girls greeted me. There were no handshakes with them as there was with the guys. When each girl was introduced to me, after a casual exchange of pleasantries, they each slithered their bodies up to mine and kissed me passionately, their tongues not shy about sneaking in and playing with mine.

One even turned to Tina, her arms still around my neck, "Damn, girl, he's a great kisser."

Tina just chuckled and raised her eyebrows, "I know."

The girl, I think her name was Jill, turned back to look at me while still talking to Tina, "And you said he's learning to eat pussy too?"

Tina laughed out loud, "Yes, but he needs more practice."

Jill, still looking at me with dreamy eyes, said to me in a low sexy purr, "You can practice on me as much as you want."

I grinned, "I'll keep that in mind."

When Vicky saw me, she sprinted over and leaped into my arms. "Jake. It's great to see you again."

"Wait!" I said, "What happened to 'Sir'?"

She giggled, "I'm not yours today." And then she fluttered her eyebrows, "If you want that, you have to talk to Tina. I'm game."

I was beginning to get the feeling that Tina had more than a little clout in this group. If she snapped her fingers, the others would probably snap to and do her bidding. She didn't act like it though. She treated each and every one of them with the same warm hugs and kisses, and she shared her time equally among them. I began to understand how she could have existed in this group of couples without having a partner herself.

* * *

Rick came up to me, and while we were shaking hands, he leaned in and gave me a quick man hug, "So what do you think of our group?"

I just shrugged, "It'll take a while to remember everyone's name."

Rick laughed and said something, but I was looking past him to Marline. She was just standing there patiently waiting for her turn to greet me.

When Rick stepped aside, Marline stepped up and threw her arms around my neck. She had a warm welcoming smile on her face, "How is my Jakee doing?"

I winced. I hated being called Jakee. My older sister called me that when teasing me about something. "I'm fine. How are you?"

"I'm great." And then she showed me a naughty grin, "And my pussy is fully recovered from the pounding you gave it. It was sore as hell for a week."

I felt a blush wash over my face, "Sorry about that."

She scrunched her lips, "Don't be silly. How many girls can say they've been fucked into oblivion?"

When I just nodded, Marline kissed me passionately for a long time. I'm sure that kiss would have lasted a lot longer if Tina hadn't said with a chuckle, "You two need to go off behind the bushes. People are starting to stare."

Marline giggled and took my hand, "C'mon Jakee, I'll show you to the beer."

"Bring me one, please." Tina said as she walked off toward the rest of her friends, who were standing in smaller groups of twos and threes talking and laughing.

After handing me a beer from the chest, she took out two more, "I'll take this to Tina. You should mingle and get to know everyone." And with that, she turned and strode off.

This was the worst situation possible for me, and it's why I never went to clubs or dances alone. I've never been any good at just walking up and joining a group, especially strangers. I opted instead to take a seat on an empty picnic table a few yards away from them.

After a couple of minutes, Tina looked around and spotted me sitting alone on the picnic table. She smiled and waved and then turned back to the other girls in the small group.

A few seconds later, a cute brunette started toward me. I was sure Tina had asked her to. "Mind some company?" She asked me, but she was already climbing up on the table and taking a seat beside me.

I was struggling to remember her name. "Not at all." I answered.

"It's Ellen." She said with a chuckle. "Don't worry; you'll get all the names down in no time."

I showed her a grin, "Thanks. I just feel a little overwhelmed right now."

"I can imagine. We're not exactly your normal run of the mill group. But I can tell you this: you'll never meet a nicer bunch of people in your life. There isn't an asshole or a bitch among us. The worst argument we've ever had was a few weeks ago when we couldn't agree on which movie to go to. That's why Tina dumped her last boyfriend. He couldn't hold his booze and would get belligerent."

"That's good to know. Thanks. I was wondering why she was unattached."

"She's very selective Jake. She said she knew in the first few minutes of meeting you that you'd eventually join us."

I chuckled, "I guess that was the luckiest day of my life. I feel like I hit the lottery."

Ellen turned to look me in the eyes, "Trust me. You did."

I just nodded.

And then she asked me, "Do you have any plans for tomorrow?"

"Not really, why?"

Brad's going fishing with Junior, and I know Tina will be at the hospital. We have an apartment. You should come over for lunch. I know you don't get much home cooking."

I considered her offer. She was right about me not having home cooking very often, so I said, "Okay, I'll ask Tina."

Ellen started laughing and didn't stop for half a minute. When she'd composed herself, she put her hand on my thigh, and looking right at me said, "Jake, you're one of us now. You don't have to ask for Tina's permission to visit one of us, or go somewhere with us, or even to fuck us. Once you're in, you're in. And you're in. But go ahead and ask her if you feel the need. She'll tell you the same thing."

That said, Ellen gave me a warm kiss on the cheek and then went back to join the others. Within seconds, Tina came over and stood in front of me with her hands on her hips, "I understand you have something to ask me."

I felt my face flush with embarrassment, "Uh, Ellen invited me over for lunch tomorrow and--"

"Jake!" She stopped me. "I thought you understood what today is all about. I don't own you, and you don't own me. We can be totally committed to each other emotionally, and I believe we are. I know I am. If it makes you feel better, we can agree to always tell each other if we're going to be with someone else in the group. But Jake, I will never ask your permission, and it will irritate the shit out of me if you ever ask for mine. Are we clear?"

Ouch, I felt like I'd just been spanked. "Yes, Ma'am." 

Her expression and body language softened, "Good, now if you want my opinion, I think you should definitely take Ellen up on her lunch offer. She's a great cook." She bent and gave me a warm kiss on the lips and then turned and returned to her friends.

The whole thing was just too surreal. They all just stood around talking and laughing as if they were any other people in the park. I couldn't look at them though, without thinking about the secret lurking just below the surface. They all had permission to fuck each other anytime they wanted without their boyfriend or girlfriend caring or getting jealous. In fact, it was encouraged. That just boggled my mind.

During lunch, it was easier for me to interact with the group. I found them to be really fun to be with, and it was clear they were all great friends. After lunch and cleaning up, as if it was some kind of ritual, each of the girls gave me another passionate kiss, and each of the guys gave me a man hug.

"That wasn't so terrible, was it?" Tina asked me on the drive back to her house.

"No, not at all." I answered honestly. "They are all great."

"And fun." She added. "We always have a blast, regardless of what we're doing."

"I don't have any trouble believing that."

* * *

I was mildly surprised but not shocked when Ellen answered my knock on her door totally naked. She was a cute brunette, probably five six and trim with what I guessed were B cup breasts. She had very pronounced dark nipples, and a beautiful all over tan.

After hugging me and giving me a warm kiss on the lips, she told me, "Get comfortable. You can put your clothes over there."

I knew there was fifty percent chance nudity would be the attire of the day, so I'd already prepared myself mentally for being naked with her. I undressed and found her in the kitchen.

What I didn't expect when I rounded the corner, was to see the girl I remembered as Jill standing there naked, a fifth of Jack Daniel's in one hand, a Coke in the other, and a naughty grin on her face.

Jill was taller, perhaps five nine or ten with shoulder length sandy blonde hair. She was also trim and fit and also had a beautiful all over tan. Her breasts were quite a bit larger than Ellen's, closer to Tina's D cups, with very long pale pink nipples and very large areolas.

"I'd love to, but I'm driving. Do you have a beer?"

"Don't worry." Ellen said. "We'll make sure you get home safely. Go ahead and indulge. It'll help you relax."

And with that, Jill immediately began mixing me a drink. When it was ready, and she'd handed it to me, Ellen said, "Lunch will be another thirty minutes. Jill honey, why don't you take our guest into the living room and give him a blowjob to help him relax?"

I almost dropped my drink. Her tone sounded more like she'd just said, "Jill, honey, why don't you give Jake the nickel tour of the apartment". 

Jill giggled and half squealed, "Ooooo yeah, I'd love to. C'mon Jakee."

The apartment had an open floor plan, and on our way around the counter, I said loud enough for both of them to hear, "Just so you know, I hate the name Jakee."

Jill stopped in her tracks, "Oh, I'm so sorry. It's just that I heard Marli call you that."

"Yeah, I know. I haven't told her yet that I don't care for it."

She showed me a pout, "It won't happen again, I promise."

"No worries." I said, letting her off the hook. After all, she was about to give me a blowjob, ha ha ha.

"Standing or sitting?" Jill asked me.

"Which do you prefer?" I put it on her.

"Standing, if you don't mind."

Again, it was all too surreal. I'd only met her the day before, and we hadn't said more than a dozen words to each other. Now, I was standing naked in front of her discussing the impending blowjob like it was "What kind of movie do you prefer, comedy, drama, or action?"

The only thing separating the living room from the kitchen was the counter. Ellen and I could see each other. Jill was already on her knees and had just taken my semi hard cock into her mouth. Ellen showed me a smile, "Enjoy Jake, all the guys say she's really good . . . her and Tina. But Tina can do that one thing none of the rest of us can do. Has she shown you her little trick yet?"

She might as well of just asked, "Tina's a great cook. Has she made you her meatloaf yet?"

"Uh yeah . . . the first time I stayed the night."

"It's special, isn't it?" Ellen asked without looking up from what she was chopping on the counter.

"I'd vote yes on special."

"Yeah, I've seen her do it several times. I don't know how she does it." She said, and again without looking up.

My head was about to explode. I was standing there, getting a blowjob from a practical stranger, and having a conversation with another practical stranger like we were talking about the weather.

And then Ellen asked, "Jill, honey, do you want your usual Italian Dressing on your salad, or Jake's cum?"

Jill pulled her mouth off my cock long enough to say, "Ha Ha, very funny." And then she went right back to work on my now fully erect cock.

"What kind of salad dressing for you, Jake?"

I shrugged, "I don't care. Anything."

Ellen laughed out loud. "Sorry, my bad! Of course you don't care right now, honey. I'll ask you again after Jill is finished." And she laughed again.

Ellen had been right. Jill was very good. She could take my full length easily and with no hint of a gag. And she wasn't in a hurry. She would switch between sucking me and licking up and down my cock, and then back to sucking me. It was easy to tell she was enjoying it as much as I was . . . well, almost.

I took another sip of my drink. A funny thought crossed my mind. How cool would it be if I had a drink in one hand and a cigar in the other? Now that would be cool. Sip, Puff, Puff, "That's it, Scarlet, suck my hard cock" Sip, Puff, Puff. Ha Ha Ha.

Jill was really taking her time, so much so that my legs were getting tired. She must have been working on me for almost thirty minutes. Finally, Ellen spoke up, "Jill, honey, time to stop playing and finish him. Lunch is ready, and I need you to help me set the table.

Jill took my cock out of her mouth, "Yes, Ma'am." And she went right back to working on my cock, this time with more pressure, and her hand joined in, stroking my cock into her mouth.

No more than two minutes later, my legs tensed. Jill moaned onto my cock and I began shooting my load into her mouth. I could feel my cum in her mouth and see it on my cock when she pulled off some and then went back down on me.

She didn't stop until I was totally shriveled up, and then she got to her feet, showed me a closed lip smile, and went into the kitchen to help Ellen. I sat back on the sofa, which was already covered with towels, and watched them set the table in the dinning nook.

"Anything I can do to help?" I called out.

"What kind of salad dressing?" Ellen asked again with a chuckle.

"Do you have anything spicy?"

"Only spicy ones I have are Spicy Thousand Island and spicy Italian".

"Spicy Thousand Island would be perfect!" I told her.

When the table was set, Ellen called me over. I sat across from Jill, and Ellen sat on the end. "Jake, Jill has something to show you."

I looked over at Jill. She opened her mouth enough that I could see it was still full of my cum. She raised her eyebrows a couple of times and started swirling her tongue around in her mouth. My cock twitched.

"Honey, it's time to quit playing with his cum and swallow it so you can eat." Ellen told her.

Her tone was such that she might just as well have said to a child, "Quit picking at your food and eat."

Jill swallowed, "Yes, Ma'am".

Ellen looked at me and shook her head, "She would keep it in her mouth all day if we let her."

Jill defended herself, "That's not as bad as your thing."

"Jill!" Ellen scolded her. "Jake will learn all those things in due time. Don't spoil it for him."

"Oh?" I said to Ellen, showing her a questioning expression.

She shook her head, "Eat. You'll learn all of our secrets soon enough."

* * *

After a wonderful lunch of Shrimp Scampi, with Angel Hair pasta, and a great tossed salad, "I need to excuse myself for a minute." I told them.
