 Paul knew what everyone thought about his new wife. They all thought that Trisha had married him for his money. What they couldn't understand or figure out is why he had married her? Paul's private life was exactly that...private. Duke was the only person who really knew everything there was to know about him. Duke had been best friends with Paul since high school and through their college years, he was Paul's right hand man in his business. 

Paul was forty nine when he married Trisha. He had those rugged good looks that most women fell for. He had played football in high school and college and still had the build of someone who was active in sports or spent a lot of time in the gym. He stayed fit because of his busy and hectic life, not because of hours spent in a gym.

Paul spent his time acquiring companies that were on the verge of bankruptcy. He and his staff would research the company fully before he would snatch the failing company out from under the current owners. He only bought out companies that he knew could make a come back with some skillful planning and hard work. 

He very seldom fired any of the previous management, opting to retrain them in how he wanted the company to be ran now that he owned it. He would refit the company with the latest technology and equipment as his staff trained the old management members in how to run the company efficiently and profitably. Once he was satisfied that the company was heading in the right direction and making money he would turn the running of it over to Duke and his top management team. Duke would stay with the new company for at least another year before turning the running of it over to the top executives on his team. 

Sometimes, as with this latest company he had acquired ten months ago he would buy it, get it back on it's feet making a profit then sell it for a huge profit rather than keep it. Both he and Duke were anxious to finalize this sell then move on to other things. 

Paul stood silently in the shadows watching his wife as she talked with the wife of one his executive managers whom he had just promoted to being president of one his advertising firms. He loved watching Trisha when she didn't know he was around. She was the perfect woman for him and it had only taken him two ex wives to find her. He spied Duke talking to one of his engineers, then he saw him glance towards Trisha and knew exactly what he was thinking.

He had divorced his first wife after thirteen years of marriage. The only good things to come from that marriage were his son and daughter, both now in college. Carla had enjoyed living the lifestyle his money afforded them but as a wife she was a cold hearted bitch. 

His second wife Shelly was a beautiful model he had met when she was hired by one of his modeling agencies. She had the most beautiful head of raven black hair he had ever seen on a woman and with her deep emerald eyes she was striking to look at. Just before their divorce he had been asking himself what had ever possessed him to marry her in the first place. Granted she was a beautiful woman, but women like that had never really appealed to him. 

When they had first began dating he was sure she was going to be the woman he had been looking for all his life. It was her age that made him believe that. What he wanted and needed in a woman, he was sure, could be, and would be, at the right time found within Shelly.

The first year of their marriage had been hectic for the both of them. He had just acquired a failing plastics company and she was busy with her contract with Victoria's Secret Magazine. She was traveling all over the world on long shoots with the magazine the first year of their marriage. Her beautiful face and body could be seen on billboards around the world. 

As soon as they were able to spend more time together Paul realized he had made a horrible mistake in marrying Shelly. Before he had married her she had been more open and free about their lovemaking. She never said no to him when he made a sexual advance but she wouldn't allow him to touch her other than to enter her and get his rocks off.

There was no foreplay between them. She was afraid he might leave a mark on her flawless skin in some way that would affect her modeling. If she had an assignment during the week he was never allowed to touch her until after the shoot. He filed for divorce in their third year of marriage. 

He had asked her just out of curiosity why she had married him in the first place if she didn't want a sexual relationship with him. Her reply hadn't really surprised him when she told him that she felt it was a good career move. A model only had a good five years on the runway if she were lucky, after that she had better have the skills for some other kind of work or marry someone with money.

After their divorce Paul was very careful about the relationships he entered into. He was a very sexual man, he needed a very sexual woman in his life. One who could match his hungers as well as her own. 

Two years ago he had purchased a small wire cable company in Michigan that was about to shut down. He and his team had worked hard to bring that company back to being productive and profitable. They expanded the plant, updated all the machinery and his team of engineers designed an efficient and well run manufacturing plant. 

Trisha was one of the employees who worked there. He was working with Duke on a new line next to the one she was working on when he had first noticed her. Actually he only noticed her when he couldn't keep his mind on what he and Duke were doing listening to the conversation going on between her and the other workers on her line.

They were having fun discussing another coworkers T-Shirt. The shirt was one of those macho types guys were always so fond of wearing. It was a Harley Davidson T-Shirt with big bold letters on the front of the shirt that read " I work hard, ride hard, play hard and I stay.......", the last word had been omitted but the meaning was clear as to what that final saying was.

It was Trisha who made the comment to the other women on the line that the last statement was false. " Well girls we all know that's a lie, there isn't a man walking who can stay hard or keep it hard for as long as we girls would like them to." The women on the line broke up into hysterical laughter giving her a thumbs up. 

"Your right about that Trisha, they all think they are fantastic lovers, but in the back of our minds were are screaming is that all you got! Your done? I want more asshole, I'm not finished yet!" Which brought on another fit of hysterical laughter from the women on the line. 

Paul had to see who the woman was that had made the comment that had the entire line laughing hysterically. Which one was she? There were six women on the line and he didn't have a clue as to which one was Trisha.

No one on the production floor knew who he was, that was the way he wanted it. He didn't want his employees to feel uncomfortable around him and to feel that they had to be on their best behavior when he was around. He had learned early on in his career that happy and content employees made the best employees. He always gave them a nice a raise when he got the company making a profit and their gratitude showed in their production. They always worked hard, carefully and he had never had an employee absenteeism problem that was as high as most factories.

There were two middle aged women on the line and Paul determined that it was one of the two who had made the comment. It sounded like it was made from someone who was older, wiser and had personal experience in that department. He decided he would invite himself into the conversation to see if he could figure out which one of the women it was. 

" Oh come on ladies, not all men fit into that category. Some of us are a little more adept in that department."

Trisha had seen him walking around the plant since the new owner had taken over the plant. He was a very striking looking man, loaded with sex appeal. She would bet a weeks pay that any woman he came in contact with fell for him. He was tall, with the build of a football player. His complexion was tanned showing he spent a lot of time outdoors. He had a head full of black hair that was spattered with bits of gray throughout and the bluest eyes she had ever seen on a man.

"Just ask most single or divorced women if they agree with you? If they are still single odds are they haven't met mister right yet. If they are divorced it usually means the ex left them for someone younger, trying to regain his lost youth and make him feel like he is still a stud in the bedroom.. Or maybe the woman got tired of never feeling sated with their lovemaking and she left him. Then you always have the ones who most men feel have no sex appeal because of their size. The hubby leaving them looking for smaller, greener pastures."

So this was Trisha he thought to himself. She wasn't a raving beauty but she was nice looking and she had a wonderful smile that lit up her eyes. He guessed her to be in her middle or late forties. Her hair was the color of chestnuts and probably came from a bottle, but the color suited her wonderfully. He would bet that she classified herself to be in the class of the wandering ex husbands looking for smaller, greener pastures as she had put it.

Paul's first wife had been overweight as well when he married her. Her weight was never an issue with him. He was never comfortable with small women, he always felt like he was going to break them in some way because of his size and that had surprised him when he had married Shelly. Besides he liked women who had some meat on their bones and didn't look like a good gust of wind could carry them away.

"Ok, I'll agree with you to some extent, but what about all the couples who are married and stay married? Are you saying that it is because all of the husbands are supermen in the bedroom," he asked her?

"No, and probably half or more of them are just average in the bedroom. People stay married for a number of reasons and we all know that. Some for religious beliefs, some for financial reasons, some out of necessity, and some of them because they are truly in love with each other," she told him.

"I just read an article in a magazine while sitting in my doctors office that said the two leading causes for divorce were sex and money, in that order," one of the other women on the line commented.

"Trisha what about those special interest people that we all talked about the other day? They stay married because they fit each others needs, that's purely a sexual need between them and to them they consider that being in love with each other."

"That's true Chad, but if one partner had one of those special needs and the other didn't, sooner or later that marriage would end in divorce because the sexual needs of one wasn't being met. Or that partner would look for extramarital affairs to fill their sexual needs."

"What special interests are you guys referring too," Duke asked?

"You know those people who enjoy different lifestyles, like BDSM, domination, swinging, etc.," Chad replied. 

It was nearing quitting time and the people began cleaning their area for the next shift to start.

"You working tonight Trisha," this was asked by Chad?

"Yes," she replied.

"Cool, we'll see you later then." 

" Hey if you two don't have any plans why don't you stop down to Joe's for a drink later. Trisha is one hell of a good bartender and if you get to bombed she'll make sure you get home safe and sound."

"You should know, I've taken your drunk ass home more times then I can remember," she replied jokingly.

"Just where is Joe's," Duke asked him?

Chad gave him directions and the guys said they might stop by later just as the quitting bell rang.

It was almost midnight when Paul and Duke showed up at Joe's. Trisha saw them the moment they walked through the doors of the small country tavern. Paul walked up to the bar and asked Trisha if Chad was still here. She pointed out the table to Paul then he and Duke made their way across the packed bar to where Chad was sitting with a bunch of friends and coworkers.

Paul made sure he sat where he could watch Trisha without it being to obvious. Duke had known that Trisha had sparked his friends interest earlier that day. Both he and Paul liked women who were straight forward and they both thought that was exactly what Trisha was.

Paul stood at the end of the bar waiting for Trisha to finish serving two guys at the other end of the bar. One of the men was openly flirting with Trisha and Paul determined that he must be a regular when he heard Trisha call him by name. The bar had started to thin out and a nice slow song was playing on the juke box so Paul could hear their conversation easily.

"Come on Trisha, come home with me tonight?" The man asking the question looked to be in his late fifties or early sixties.

"Now why would you want me to come home with you Jack? You need someone there to make you a strong pot of coffee when you wake up nursing the hangover I'm sure your going to have in the morning," she asked him jokingly.

"It's not coffee I'll be wanting from you Trisha and you know it," he replied.

"'Come on Jack with all the whiskey in you do you honestly think you can give me what I would want from you," she replied? "Just how long do you think you'd last before you passed out on me?" She was smiling as she pinched his cheek and turned around to see to her other customers.

"An admirer of yours I take it," Paul asked her when she came to take his order?

"Jack is a nice guy and he asks the same question every week about this same time. Poor guy would probably have a heart attack if I ever said yes!"

"I'm sorry but I never thought to ask you your name today." She held out her hand in an offer of a handshake when she told him her name was Trisha.

"Pleased to meet you Trisha, I'm Paul and my friend here is Duke." Duke had just come up to the bar to get himself another beer when Trisha was introducing herself to him.

"Nice to meet you Trisha," Duke said as he offered his hand in a handshake as well.

"So are you two staying on at the factory or just helping the new owner to get things straightened around and running smooth at the plant?"

"We stay long enough to make sure things are running smoothly and the plant is making money before we go on to the next project. The boss never has more than one iron in the fire at a time. He works hard to make sure the company he has just purchased is running smoothly and in the black before he moves on to something else," Duke remarked.

Chad and his girlfriend wandered up to the bar to invite Paul and Duke to join them all at the truck stop for breakfast after the bar closed. 

"We usually hang around until Trisha has everything locked up and make sure she gets to her car safely," Chad explained to them.

"Why don't you guys go on ahead and Duke and I will see that she gets to her car ok then we can follow her to the truck stop."

With Duke and Paul's help she had the bar closed and locked up in less than twenty minutes. The guys put all the chairs up on the tables for her while she counted the nights receipts and deposited the money in the bar safe.

"What do you think Duke," Paul asked him as they were following Trisha to the truck stop?

"I like her, and I think there is more to Trisha then meets the eye."

"I couldn't agree with you more. Time for another change at work I'm thinking and it will involve our Miss Trisha. We'll figure out how to go about it this weekend then put it into effect Monday," Paul replied.

They pulled into the truck stop and parked next to Trisha. Duke was out of the car holding her door open for her before Paul had the car in park. 

The truck stop was full with the late night bar crowds from area bars. Chad and his friends were waiting for them near the back of the smoking section in the truck stop. They had pushed two long tables together so that they could all sit together. Paul made sure that he and Duke were sitting next to Trisha.

"How long have you worked at the plant Trisha," Paul asked her.

"Nine years come this July. I started working there shortly after they opened up," she told him.

They ordered their breakfast and the talk around the table was jovial and full of laughter.

"Sheila was sure trying her best to get Paul's attention tonight," Chad's remark had the whole table bursting into fits of laughter.

"Am I missing something here? Anything you guys would like to fill me in on," Paul remarked smiling at the group of people around the tables?

"Sheila is our resident bar fly, when she is between men she is always on the lookout for the next available prey that is handy. Only the good looking ones that is, she wouldn't waste her time on us average guys," Chad replied.

" A man eater huh? Good thing I wasn't interested or you guys might have had to put a missing persons alert out on me tomorrow," Paul laughingly replied.

"You didn't find our Miss Sheila attractive," Trisha asked?

"I've been around enough women like her to know exactly what she is like. Materialistic, only caring what a guys bank balance is. Those type of women are pretty shallow and not the kind I want to be mixed up with."

"So is there a Mrs. Paul or Mrs. Duke hanging around somewhere," Trisha asked?

"No Mrs. for Duke and two ex Mrs. for me," Paul replied watching Trisha carefully to see if there were any signs of censure from her.

"Oops, two strike outs huh?" Trisha was smiling when she made the comment.

"The first was a cold hearted bitch, we called it quits after 13 years of marriage. The second was a whole lot younger, and worried more about her looks then her marriage. That one only lasted three years before we ended it. If I ever marry again this time I will know that it will be the last time I marry and it will be for all the right reasons.

When Duke and Paul were driving back to their hotel after they left the truck stop their conversation revolved around Trisha. By Monday morning they had their plan well thought out and ready to put into action. Paul called Trisha up into the manufacturing office shortly before quitting time.

"Trisha we have a offer for you that will involve a raise if you decide to accept our offer," Paul started out saying.

"The new owner is sectioning the plant into different departments. Each department will have a supervisor in charge of that department and there will be an assistant to each supervisor. The plant manager has recommended you for the assistant job in your department. We've been told that you can run all the machinery in your department and already issue out job assignments according to what needs to be produced that day to keep the lines running in other departments. Would this position be something you would be interested in," Duke asked her?

"Sure, but I do have a suggestion for you guys if you'd like to hear it?"

"All suggestions are welcomed especially if it will make running the plant and production better," Paul told her.

"Well, you need to move preparation back by receiving. All the supplies we use come from there. Plus, if you made a holding area for each line, preparation could stage the parts for that line according to what was being produced for that day. Then each supervisor could come to their staging area to get their parts for that days production. There would be no more trying to find the right cables or wire in amongst all the other cables made that day. That would save a tremendous amount time. Send down the next days wire and cable needs to receiving so that they can have all the parts needed at preparation the following day already staged and ready to go."

"Trisha that is a fantastic idea! Duke get busy measuring out how much room we will need to move the whole department back there. Get Jim down here to start working on electrical. Once we get it mapped out and all the electrical put in we will transfer the whole department over in a weekend."
