 The apartment building that I live in has a very sexy leasing consultant named Holly. She is tall and blonde, and has an amazing body; a nice set of firm tits, a sweet round ass, and sexy feet and toes that drive me wild. One day at the gym I met her husband Brian, who is a good looking guy with a great body as well.

One day I bumped into Holly in the elevator, and started chatting her up. She asked me if I wanted to come over to her apartment to have a beer with her and Brian. Naturally, I said yes. Once we got in, she immediately went to change out of her office wear, and Brian and I shot the breeze for a few minutes in the living room. She emerged from the bedroom wearing a cut-off t-shirt that barely covered the lower portion of her titties, and some very tiny shorts. Her luscious ass cheeks were practically hanging out of them, and I was getting rather horny. After getting us some snacks, she settled into the couch next to Brian. They both noticed that I had an eye on her the entire time, and started giving me some looks like they knew she was working her magic on me. My cock stirred in my pants within minutes.

Holly & Brian started some light kissing, and I was being turned on. He had his hand on her amazing ass, and was squeezing it. Holly looked at me after a few minutes of this petting, and motioned to me to come over to the couch, so I did. I started kissing and fondling her sweet body immediately. We were both squeezing and sucking her juicy tits, and touching her moist pussy, working our fingers into her tight fuck hole. Within a few minutes, we were all naked, with me staring intently at Holly’s beautiful pussy. Holly dropped down and held our cocks, stroking and kissing them lightly. At this point, I noticed how hot Brian’s body was. He had a beautifully cut 8” fat cock with a large mushroom head, and big shaved balls. I’d never had a homosexual experience before, but fantasized a lot about trying it, and his body was turning me on. While Holly sucked him, I wished it were my lips wrapped around his hard dick. I moved behind her, and starting licking her hot pussy, and sexy puckered asshole. I rammed my tongue as deeply into her ass as I could get it, and she loved it. Her cunt juices started flowing immediately, and I followed it down her legs, licking it all up.

She kept sucking and licking Brian’s big cock and balls, and he said he was ready to fuck her. She got on her back, and put her sexy legs up on his big shoulders. He entered her, and the sweet sound of his full nutsack slapping against her ass filled the room. He fucked her hard and fast, and she moaned constantly. I could see her pussy juices run out of her hole as he pounded her twat. I started stroking myself, and sucking her delicious toes. She asked me not to cum because she wanted me to fuck her after. Within minutes, Brian reached orgasm and shot a huge load of creamy cum into her pussy. The minute he pulled out, Holly asked me to fuck her. Before I did, I got down on my knees and said I needed to clean her pussy first, and began to lick her. The combination of Brian’s cum and Holly’s cunt juices was just delicious, and I lapped up every drop of this love potion. As I ate her, Holly said “Jeez, if you wanted to taste Brian’s cum, you should’ve just given him a blowjob!” I turned to Brian and said that maybe I would suck him after fucking his wife. He looks pleasantly surprised!

After giving Holly a solid fucking and shooting my load in her now stretched pussy, I turned to Brian and grabbed his cock, which was growing from watching me drill his wife. I licked his shaft and mushroom head, and fondled his balls. His cock was just delicious, and so big and hard, with Holly’s pussy juices still plastered all over it. My lips were stretched over his meat, and he grabbed my head and started face fucking me. Holly was busy twiddling her twat, obviously excited over watching her husband get a blowjob from another guy. I fondled his ass cheeks, and slipped a finger in his anus. He twitched a bit, but liked it. As I sensed that he was about to blow his load, I asked him to turn around and started to rim his tight bunghole, shoving my tongue in every so often. As I ate his ass, I reached between his legs and stroked his cock and massaged his balls, almost bringing him to orgasm. I could see Holly still playing with that well-fucked pussy, and bringing herself to another orgasm. She kept licking her fingers and shoving them back inside her.

At this point, I felt a strong desire to have Brian fuck me. I turned around and got on all fours, and asked him to fuck my man pussy. He was ready, willing and able, and after quickly giving my hungry hole a lick, shoved his throbbing cock into my ass. Never having gotten fucked in the ass before, I was in quite a bit of pain, but that subsided after a few minutes, and it became very pleasurable. Holly crawled under me and started sucking my cock as Brian fucked my virgin ass. The timing of the whole thing was beautiful when Brian shot his load into me as I filled Holly’s mouth with my own cum.

After some rest, we resumed the licking and sucking of each other. The three of us kissed deeply, and I ate both Brian and Holly repeatedly. Holly’s ability to give head was amazing, though Brian did a good job of fingering my asshole while Holly sucked my cock. We did some many other combinations that day that it’s just hard to describe. Holly was definitely a cum slut, so Brian and I both stroked off and shot massive loads on her face. The last fuck we had that day was fantastic. We created a Holly sandwich, and both Brian and I got our cocks into her pussy at the same time, giving her a double vaginal penetration. It was such a nice tight fit, and having my dick rub against Brian’s cock was amazing. We both shot our loads, and of course, I got to eat the delicious creampie after.

That was several months ago, and we still get together from time to time for an amazing threesome. Every so often, Holly will drop by to have some fun alone, so I could indulge in her sexy toes and amazing pussy. Brian and I have hung out together as well, usually with me giving him blowjobs and getting a stiff buttfucking, and he jacking me off after. One time, I bumped into him in our health club, and we quickly retreated to the sauna for a quickie, finishing off by shooting a massive load of hot jizz all over my face. I hope this fun never stops!