 A woman travels to Florida to visit her Aunt. She stays with her high school friends that are now married. After a week of mind blowing sex Mary returns to her husband and a surprise.

I kissed Tim and Savannah goodbye as they dropped me off at the airport. I couldn't wait to get home to my family, but I was a little sad to get back to my life.

I was at the airport two hours early and breezed through security. I got up to the counter to check in when the woman behind the counter asked if I wanted to catch an earlier flight since it wasn't full and about to leave. I jumped at the chance of not sitting around for two hours. I ran to the gate and was on the plane and taxing down the runway within fifteen minutes.

We landed and I was about to call my husband but thought otherwise. The kids are still in school and he would have to rush out of work so I just caught a cab. We only live a few miles from the airport. I arrived home and went to the back door. I let myself in and just left my suitcase in the kitchen as I raced back to our bedroom to pee. When I rounded the doorway I had the shock of my life, my husband was on our bed naked. His ass was on our pillows facing the headboard, with his legs in the air pressed against the wall forcing his cock towards his face. He was pumping away at his cock. His back was arched to get his cock as close to his face as possible. I quickly stepped back out of the room and watched from the shadows of the hallway. 

I could hear him talking to himself, "Ya that's right you whore look at my cock. You want to suck my cock don't you, you slut? You want me to cum all over your face so you can lick my man juice? Tell me slut, tell me you want my cum on your face!"

He started to answer himself, "Oh yes let me suck your big cock. I want to suck your man juice. Cum all over me, I'm your little cum slut."

He just kept pumping his cock faster. He continued, "Get ready bitch here comes daddies cock juice. Be a good slut and eat it all up! AAGGGGHHHH!!!!"

Gerry was pumping his cock until he started to scream through an orgasm. He never touched himself in front of me and always kept to the missionary position when we had sex. Now here he was talking about sucking a cock. I was pissed and horny at the same time. My hand was rubbing my nipple as I watched. Gerry started to scream out as he opened his mouth wide and tilted his head towards his cock. The first shot landed on his cheek and the second hit a home run into his mouth. The third and fourth shot landed on his neck and chest before he lowered his ass back down onto the bed. "Clean that mess whore!" he yelled to himself just before he shoved his cum covered hand to his mouth and licked his cum off of it. He quickly scooped up the globs on his neck and chest before he slid his finger across his cheek bringing in the final bit of cum into his mouth. He continued to lay there licking his lips.

I stepped into the doorway, "SO! I have a cum loving husband now? Are you GAY Gerry?"

Gerry jumped off the bed and started towards me, "Mary I can explain. I've never done anything like this before. I'm not GAY for Christ sake. I love you."

I grabbed him by the shoulders and pushed him back onto the bed. He fell on his back with his legs flying into the air. I started to undress, "There is only one way to prove it and if you fail you are out of here."

He started to protest, "Oh no you don't! You stay just like that, I want to fuck a cum eating slut!" I yelled at him.

I grabbed his cock and sucked it into my mouth. It was soft and sticky from his cum. His cum smelled so good matted in his pubic hair. He was soft so I was able to take his entire cock in my mouth and roll my tongue all over it. I felt a large glob of cum seep out of his head. I swallowed thinking back to Tim's cum. My pussy was on fire. His cock was beginning to react. It gently unfolded in my mouth as it started to become hard again. I love the feeling of a cock getting hard in my mouth. Soon I was bobbing up and down on his shaft.

I was in charge and loving it. I moved up his body until my pussy was over his cock. I put the head to my pussy and dropped my weight down on him. His full six inches went right up into me. I sat on him grinding my pussy all over his cock. I reached out and rubbed my hands on his nipples. "You want to be treated like a little cum slut?" I pinched his nipples. He whimpered trying to hold back his pleasure but I knew when his cock flared deep in my pussy that he was enjoying this.

Gerry was harder than I ever felt him. I sat up and started to grind my pussy onto his cock. I could feel his balls rolling against my pussy. I felt his cockhead touch me in just the right place catching me off guard as I quickly climaxed. I bent my head forward, pinching and twisting his nipples hard. Gerry shoved his cock into me and lifted me in the air as he arched his back screaming in pain. "Oh shit I'm cumming!"

I felt his cock thicken as spurt after hot spurt filled my pussy. We haven't climaxed together like this in years. Before he could stop me I pulled off of him and turned around showing him my cum soaked pussy, "You like your cum so much slut, now eat it all up!" Being in charge was turning me on.

"You shaved? That is hot baby..." That was all I heard before I smashed my pussy onto his face. I was so horny knowing that his tongue is lapping up his own cum. I bent down and started to clean my pussy juice off of his cock.

He was literally sucking his cum out of my pussy. The suction was so great I started another climax. This one was so intense that I just pushed my face into his balls as his cock slipped down my throat. His balls smelled so good with our combined juices. I was becoming too sensitive now and had to roll away. His cock wasn't planning on a return engagement anytime soon. I turned back around and cleaned his face with my tongue before plunging it into his mouth. "So is this what you do when I'm away?" I said pulling up from our kiss.

Reality set back in and I could feel his apprehension. He wanted to get up but I held him there, "Talk to me. There is nothing to hide now so you might as well spill it. Just so you know, that was the hottest sex we have ever had together. It's obvious you're not gay so bi maybe?"

I could see the struggle going on in his head. He wanted to speak. I could see him formulating the sentences, he was choosing his words. "I...I...I don't know. I mean I've never, you know, with a guy. I know I like the taste of my cum. I don't know. I'm so confused. But I do know that I love you and I wouldn't do anything to hurt you."

I grabbed his face and kissed him, "We will work on this together and get you 'un-confused' then. I love you too baby. We will take it one step at a time. BUT! You have to promise that you won't hold anything back and be honest with me. I am willing to try anything with you if it makes us a better couple."

We kissed with such passion, the kind of passion that started our relationship so many years ago. It felt good. We got up and showered together, another thing we hadn't done in a long time. I soaped his body up enjoying the feel of his muscles. I used my perfumed soap on purpose just to give him that feminine smell. I turned him so that he faced the wall as I began to soap his back. He moaned softly as I massaged the soap around his shoulders and down his spine. I put some soap in my hand and began to soap his ass cheeks. My hand slipped between his cheeks and I found his tight little rosebud. Using the soap as lube, I pressed my finger into his entrance. He moaned louder and pressed his body back against my hand causing more of my finger to slip deeper into him. I shoved the rest of my middle finger into his ass and reached around him with my other hand to find a hardening cock, "Oh I think we found another little secret you've been hiding. I think you like getting your tight little boy pussy fucked don't you slut?"

I started a slow fucking motion with my finger until I pulled it all the way out and shoved two fingers back in. His head tipped forward in defeat as he moaned and wiggled his ass back against my hand. "This is what you need baby, a nice good fucking. You like to get fucked. I like getting fucked too, It feels good doesn't it baby? Getting fucked is ok, let yourself enjoy it. Come on baby show me you want to get fucked. Fuck my hand like you want it. Show me you're a slut that needs a good fucking."

Gerry went wild. He bent over and used the wall to push back against my hand. I held still and let him do all the work. He needed to show me how he liked it. He started to pull off my hand and before my fingertips left his ass he pushed back forcing them back into his hot hole. "Ya! That's it baby fuck yourself. Show me baby. Show me you like it! Show me you want it!"

Gerry started to fuck my hand faster. I folded my hand so that on his next push back against me he would be getting three fingers. As his ass stretched more to accommodate the bigger girth he continued to wiggle his ass to take it. He wanted it bad. He was so determined to take it. He was grunting and moaning at the same time. I used my foot to brace myself against the far wall as I held my hand firmly against his ass. "That's it slut take it like the pussy boy you want to be. Come on push that pussy of yours back. You want your pussy stretched opened don't you slut?"

That was too much for him and he pushed back hard. I helped him out a bit by twisting my hand and pushing into him. His hole was stretched out and I think if I had a bit more time I could actually get my entire hand in his ass. The thought almost pushed me over the edge. His ass tightened around my fingers and I saw his cum dribble down the side of the shower. He came without even touching his cock. That was so fucking hot that I shoved my other hand in my pussy and started to cum myself. At the same time I pushed and pulled my hand in and out of his ass as I got myself through another orgasm. I pulled my body against his back and bit into his shoulder as my orgasm subsided, "That was fucking hot!" I panted.

We cleaned up and went back to our bedroom to get dressed. We had to go pick-up the kids from school. We drove in silence to the kid's school. Just as he parked the car I turned to him, "This isn't over, we have a lot of talking to do. From now on sex will be as hot as it was today, agreed?"

Gerry lifted his head to look at me, "Yes it will be. I'm sorry."

I held my finger to his lips, "Don't be sorry. Be honest." Look who's calling the kettle black? But I wasn't ready to be honest with him, YET. We picked up the kids and worked our way home by stopping off for some fast food. 

The evening couldn't end soon enough. The kids were put to bed and Gerry and I walked hand in hand to our room. Once in our room Gerry pulled me into him and kissed me deep and hard. I could feel his hard cock pressing against my pants covered pussy

I have never seen him strip so fast. His cock was hard as a rock and dripping. I stripped myself and went to our bed with Gerry following behind. We lay down next to each other and started to make out. He took a quick intake of breath through his gritted teeth as my hands caressed his chest and grazed his hard nipples. I took my finger and wiped his precum from the tip of his cock. I then took my finger and spread his precum across his lips before I pressed my mouth to his. His lips were wet with cum and it tasted good.

I got on my hands and knees and moved to the edge of the bed, "Get off the bed and fuck me slut!" I commanded.

Gerry wasted no time getting off the bed, standing behind me readying himself to push his cock into me. I let my head fall to the bed as I started rub the top of my pussy, "Don't you dare cum slut. If you are getting close you stop and pull your cock out." 

Gerry continued to fuck me good and hard until he pulled out and stopped. He was learning fast. He didn't cum yet. I rolled onto my back and lifted my legs in the air to expose my pussy, "You're not done slut, eat me!"

Gerry dropped to his knees and pulled me to the edge of the bed. He rubbed his face all over my pussy before he started to lick me. The stubble on his face scratched against my pussy lips sending chills through my body. He began to lick all around my shaved pussy, "You like me clean shaven don't you slut? Maybe you need to get your ass in the shower and shave that ugly bush surrounding your cock? Oh god you're going to make me cum. Lick me harder! Eat my pussy! Oh shit yes that's it, that's it!" I grabbed a handful of hair and held his head in place as I creamed all over his face.

Gerry was about to climb on top of me and mount me, "Whoe there stud! You need to get in the shower and shave that bush. I meant it." 

He had the deer in the headlights look that soon turned to a sad puppy dog look when I cut him off from finishing. I wasn't that sadistic. I followed him into the bathroom. "Let me help you with that." I said as I grabbed the trimmers, a clean razor, and the liquid soap. 

I flipped the switch on the trimmer and glided it across the top of his pubic area. It took me a few swipes before his bush was now just a little more than a 5 o'clock shadow. We then headed into the shower. I lathered his hard cock and balls. I looked him in the eye, "Do you trust me baby?" He looked back at me and nodded his head. 

I used his cock to pull him out of the direct water stream and I gently began to shave his balls. I felt somewhat creative so I just shaved above his shaft leaving a nice triangle patch pointing back down to his dick. His balls felt so nice and smooth. I pushed him back into the water stream and let the soap and hair wash away. I began to massage his balls until I finally took his cock into my mouth. I grabbed the liquid soap and squeezed some into my hand. As I continued to suck his cock, I slipped my soapy hand between his ass cheeks. The soap made it easy to slip a finger into his ass. He parted his legs to allow me better access. 

I pushed my finger deep into his ass until I felt the little nub of his prostate. His cock jerked as I wiggled my finger against his prostate. He released a nice big drop of precum into my mouth as he moaned out loud. I could feel his legs shake against my face as I continued to massage his prostate and suck his cock. It didn't take much longer before he grabbed my head and begged me to stop before he came. I didn't listen, I was in charge and I wanted his cum in my mouth. I pressed on and was soon rewarded with a nice hot stream of cum squirting into my mouth. I let a little dribble out my mouth and down my breast. I used my other hand to rub his cum over my nipple which sent me into a nice orgasm of my own.

I jumped up and pulled him into a deep kiss. I held him tight as I pushed his cum into his mouth. The hot gooey liquid swished between our tongues as we played with it. We both swallowed what we fought over and our kiss became so passionate I actually came again. Wow! That hasn't happened since our honeymoon. We went back to bed naked, curled up into each other's arms and fell into a satisfied slumber. 

The next morning Gerry went off to work and I fell back into the house-wife role, dropping the kids off before I went to work. The days turned into weeks as our couple of nights of passion began to fade away into our past. I called Savannah and cried to her. She is the only one I could trust to tell this to. It felt so good to say it out loud and share my frustrations. "Honey this is not that big of a deal. He wants it in the ass so go down to your local sex shop to buy a nice strapon harness with a dildo attachment. You also need to get a small vibrator. Use the small vibrator to break ground, test the waters if you will."

I hung up with Savannah and I felt a new sense of empowerment. I only work three days a week and I was off today. I looked at the clock, plenty of time before I have to pick up the kids. I got dressed and headed out for the adult sex shop on the other side of town. I figured I wouldn't run into anybody I knew there. Of course everyone on my side of town is going to go to the sex shop across town from where they live but I didn't want to think about that. I started to get cold feet as I parked between two trucks hidden from the main street. I was becoming paranoid. I took a few deep breaths and opened the door. The cold air rushed in and I knew I had to run into the shop to get out of the cold or shut my car door and drive off. One quick breath and I was striding across the parking lot. As I took each step I realized another stupid mistake I made by parking in the far back, I was out in plain sight longer. What an idiot. I started to laugh at myself at how ridiculous I must look speed walking across the parking lot.

I opened the door and walked in. I quickly scanned the area for anyone I may recognize, or worse, someone that would recognize me. The place was actually empty and I felt a big sigh of relief. The clerk behind the counter was a female looking to be in her late 30's with jet black hair, tattoos filling up both arms, black lipstick, a bar pierced above her left brow, piercings on her nose, cheek, and lip. I winced to myself and began to browse. The clerk called out to me, "Let me know if you need any assistance or information."

I gave the clerk a shy wave and began to walk through the various magazines. There were pictures on the covers that I didn't even know you could do those things. I felt like such a prude, but I lifted my head up and strutted to the back of the store where the toys were. I stared up at the wall covered in so many different types of dildos I was overwhelmed. It thought I would just run in grab something and run out. Now I was looking at a major decision. That's when I felt the store clerk behind me. "Need some help honey?" I just about jumped out of my skin.

I turned to her and looked down rather than into her eyes, "I'm looking for...I mean I don't know what exactly I'm looking for or if I should be in here."

The clerk gave a little laugh, "Relax this is just a business and you're just a customer. I'm Clove, stoner parents what can I say? Take your time. There is nobody in here this time of the day so tell me what you're thinking about?"

Clove actually made me relax. I leaned into her and whispered, "I'm not really sure exactly. My friend said I should look into a vibrator and strapon."

Clove laughed out loud, "Would you relax, it's not the first time someone came in here looking for vibrators and strapons. If it were I would be out of business. Now let's get some info from you. Is this for you and/or a girlfriend or boyfriend?"

I was somehow put at ease with her direct and professional demeanor, "Well I just found out that my husband likes it...well you know...up there. We just started playing like this but my girlfriend said I should explore more and give him what he wants, and that a vibrator or a strapon would do it."

"Hot! I love a guy that can take it up the ass. So you want to fuck his pussy, come with me." She was so businesslike.

I followed Clove down the aisle. Clove picked up a small silver vibrator, "This is small and smooth. You've probably only played with your finger so far, so you don't want to rip him apart. This bullet vibrator is only 4 inches, smooth, and doesn't look like a cock, which might freak him out. Use the vibrator around his tight little rosebud and he will open up his petals for you." She gave me a wink and nudged her shoulder against mine.

I could feel my panties getting wet, part from the toys and I think the other part was that Clove was becoming sexually appealing to me. I also noticed that her tongue was pierced as well when I saw the glint of metal in her mouth as she spoke. She continued, "Now, when you are ready to graduate to the strapon you need something that will be secure and comfortable. You don't want to be spending time adjusting the harness or having the dildo falling out." 
