 Thanks to Rip_isback and Heyall for editing.

**disclaimer - all persons depicted are 18 years or older and given consent to participate in sexual acts described**

*****

"If you're okay with Nathan crawling in behind you, just keep sucking my cock."

Those are the words I remember most from that night, but allow me start at the beginning...

*****

Dave still lived in his family's home despite being in his early twenties. He was the troublesome teen who never really grew up and his folks were giving him a chance to get on his feet. He had a job and was saving up to move out, or so he told them to keep them happy. He was the older brother of my friend Sharon. She was a school friend and was a super cool chick.

Their parents felt comfortable spending a night or weekend away here and there. Dave was a responsible adult now, which was a complete joke. Dave and Sharon would throw parties at every opportunity. The age gap wasn't so wide among attendees once they had a few drinks in them.

Parties were always on the bottom floor of the house to spare the upstairs of any rowdy ruckus. A large rec room with a pool table was ideal for this kind of crowd.

Dave's bedroom was in the basement as well. It seemed to be a hurried fix for him to live there as the layout of his bedroom was little odd - it had a door to the backyard opposite from his bedroom door in the house.

His room always seemed to have the hottest people in it during these soirees. I suppose because the older attendees gravitated to their host and away from the teens. But I looked older than I was, so I managed to lurk about without being easily detected when he had lots of friends show up.

Sharon invited me to a couple of parties, but she noticed that she didn't see me a whole lot. She was worried I wasn't having fun and would hide out in her bedroom, so she asked me to come to this party early to help set things up while Dave was at work.

"I'm definitely not sneaking upstairs during parties!" I yelped in my defense.

"Well, where the fuck do you go?" Sharon inquired, her eyes narrowed like an accusation. "There's only one room down here to party in and I know you don't hide in the bathroom half the night."

"I, uh, don't want you to be upset at me if I tell you."

"I couldn't be upset at you, Heather. I just want to be sure you're having a good time."

I drew a deep breath in before confessing my whereabouts. "I kind of think the guys that come to hang out with Dave are way hotter than your guy friends. I sorta sneak into his room whenever I can manage to check them all out."

Sharon roared with laughter right from her gut. "You thought I'd be mad? Of course not! I get to check them out all the time, so I don't care. Besides, I already had first dibs and got to fuck a couple of them."

My jaw dropped open. I had no idea Sharon was slutty like me.

"Seriously? Any recommendations or warnings for me? I was thinking about trying to hit on one of them tonight."

Sharon's eyes widened as she started to share her insight. "I don't know personally, but I heard Nathan has a humongous cock. Like, I know you're not a virgin but apparently he can make you feel like you are."

I'd consider myself experienced with fucking, but I had a boyfriend for a long time before this. Lots of sex and experimenting, but it was with the same average-sized dick. I hated how I lost my virginity the first time and didn't need to repeat that.

She rambled on about a few other guys but caught my attention again, "But you could always fuck my brother. I've heard he's good."

"What the fuck, Sharon? How do you know your brother is a decent lay?" I was feeling a bit disgusted, actually.

"Because one of his old fuck buddies was bragging about him to me at a party not knowing I was his little sister. She was trying to pawn him off on me! Um... no!" Sharon rolled her eyes as she recounted the details for me.

Crazy. I had my friend's blessing to get railed by her big brother. I thought it wasn't a bad idea... at least I already knew his last name.

It was more Sharon's party than Dave's since he worked until later that night. Only a handful of people showed up and hung in his room once he was home. It was an opportunity to meet a few of them and see if could make some headway with the hot ones.

I skulked around Dave's room. He had a decrepit couch and a twin bed for seating. I squeaked in between Dave and some guy on the couch. I tried to wiggle my ass in make a bit of a show for Dave to notice me.

"Hey," I muttered under my breath. 

"Hey, Sharon told me to look out for you," Dave quietly admitted. 

"Huh?" Wow, could I sound like more of a dumbass?

"You're Heather, right?" Dave asked as though he had, in fact, encountered a dumbass.

"Uh-huh," Words failed me. I managed to sound like more of a dumbass! He was hotter than I remembered, and I didn't know Sharon was going to warn him! I wanted to run!

"Yep, you're the one." He raised one eyebrow and smirked at me then whispered, "I know." 

What in the world did Sharon say to him?

He very obviously checked me out. His hand went behind my back, under my shirt, and expertly flicked open my bra clasp with lightning speed. His hand ran up and down my back neck to waist sending chills everywhere and turning my nipples to diamonds.

I gasped and my back arched unintentionally. I was turning to putty right here. "What do you know about me?"

"Enough," he growled in my ear.

HOLY FUCK! Was this for real?

"Hey Dave! Why is your little sister's friend in here?" The mountain of a man sitting on the other side of me piped in while I melted. He was trying to embarrass Dave, I think.

"She's mine for later," Dave boasted. 

His other hand came around the front of my shirt to tweak at already strained nips. I never knew being claimed like chattel would make me so horny.

"My bad," the mountain admitted, then eroded away.

Sharon knew I dumped my boyfriend a few weeks earlier. I went from getting laid almost every day to zilch. I was locking myself in my bedroom several times a day to rub one out and I still ached! It seems my dire need had been relayed to her big brother and now he was going to cash in.

Later that night was the first time Sharon's big brother fucked me raw and I loved it. Like couldn't get enough loved it. I could call Dave's mobile almost any time of day if I was worked up, he'd put out for me. 

I had the sex drive of a teenage boy but the body of a girl. I was SO lucky... and after a few weeks of constantly being used by this guy, my luck was going to skyrocket.

*****

After a quick call, I had shown up to Dave's door looking to laid, as usual. He was happy to oblige my request.

I must say, that door to outside in Dave's bedroom was very convenient for me. I could sneak in the yard almost anytime. He would just rollover and open the door and I could initiate the fuckfest with no pretense bullshit.

I got naked as soon as I arrived, and Dave plopped down on a blanket with his back up against the wall. He liked to sit up to watch my mouth on his raging rod. I laid on my belly between his slightly parted legs and started to gently caress his cock with my tongue. I lazily drifted to his heavy balls to gently suck each one in my mouth. That would get his cock weeping for me.

I wanted better leverage to really get Dave going. I wanted to get him rock hard so he would ravage me later. I really needed to feel full. I crawled up to my hands and knees, so I hovered was right over his mountainous member. I licked my lips as I saw his cock pulse in anticipation.

I eagerly started working his shaft into my throat. Dave's cock was slithering deeper into my throat on every stroke. He didn't need to push my head at all as I willingly was choking myself. I was starting to breathe heavily and play with my pussy.

"Bring that ass up here."

He slid down the wall so I could just spin around and give him a taste. We were both moaning and panting and getting engulfed in each other's juices when...

Knock, knock. Click. The outside door flung open.

"Hey Dave, I brought..."

SWEET JEEZUS! The cold air hit us right when we gave a full view - my mouth over Dave's rigid cock; his wet face buried in my snatch.

"Whoa, sorry man!" Nathan turned tail and headed out the door. Smart man, that Nathan.

Dave sighed heavily, "Shit. I forgot Nathan was coming over."

Knock, knock. 

"Um, Dave? Can I, uh, come in for just a sec?" Nathan inquired tentatively. The door gingerly started to creep open at a snail's pace.

Dave stood up and grabbed a robe and grumbled, "You should lie down and rest those legs. This won't take long."

I took his suggestion and he draped a blanket over me, not that my humility would last long.

"Dude, you should've told me you made a booty call. I would've come over after!" Nathan was seemingly apologetic.

I remembered this guy from a few parties here... this was that Nathan guy with the massive cock who wanted to share it with as many ladies as possible. Sharon warned me about him. Huh.

"Nah man," Dave said. "She just shows up when she wants cock. She's handy that way."

"Seriously? Wow! I'd like just one chick who'd put out on the regular."

Nathan stared intently around the room for further evidence of shenanigans. I was relaxing against the wall Dave had stood up from with the blanket draped over my bent knees. My perky firm breasts were out for him to stare at. They were the one part of my body I wasn't self-conscious about and I loved showing them off. I started to pinch at my nipples when his jaw dropped.

"Dead serious. She's been game for anything I've suggested so far."

"Really?" Nathan mused. "Ya think she'd care if I hung out?"

It's like I was an ornament. They were talking about me like I wasn't even there. But then...

"Hey Heather, can Nathan hang?"

With a shrug, I said, "Sure, I guess."

DID I JUST SAY THAT OUT LOUD? HOLY SHITBALLS! My mind yelped at me in excitement and shock. I pictured Nathan watching us and felt my clit swell and throb. I guess my body decided it was a turn on and I wasn't going to fight it. Breathe. Be cool.

Nathan shed his coat and shoes in a heap on the floor in front of the door and he splayed on the twin bed in the corner. He laid on his side with his head propped up on one hand with a huge grin like a Cheshire cat waiting to be entertained.

"As you were," Nathan pipped. He would be wise shut his face right now. I couldn't bear the thought of his quips while I was ramping things up.

As I was leaned in to whisper to Dave, Nathan's hand immediately went to adjusting his stiff member. His pants looked ready to burst so when Nathan released the button and fly, I was disappointed he was still covered by boxers. I at least wanted to see if the rumours were true. Seems he took the invitation to hang out literally.

"Uh, Dave?", I said. "Can I just suck you instead of 69? Then I could waggle my ass to tease Nathan a bit too."

"Yeah? That'd be fuckin sweet to see."

So back we went to how we started so I could show off my talented tongue and cock sucking skills. I knew I could hoover like a pro and I wanted to show it off.

On all fours once again, I decided to arch my back and spread my knees enough to give Nathan a good view. I tilted my pelvis, so my ass cheeks parted to see my slit behind my sparse blonde pubes.

"Damn, Heather! You trying to kill me?" challenged Nathan.

I nodded in agreement that I was indeed, trying to kill him. Fucker deserved it for interrupting my fuck session with Dave. Didn't he realize I was here to get laid? I needed to be well-fucked as only Dave could dish out to me as he'd done so many times before.

Nathan mused, "Jeezus, Dave. She could suck the chrome off a bus. Is it as good as it looks?"

"Shit man, it's better."

Having someone watch your every move is unnerving. I was genuinely putting on a show for Nathan's entertainment. I found a rhythm with Dave. He squirmed and groaned beneath me. I could taste his seed leaking from his member with little throbs. The veins bulged from his shaft and tickled my lips as I grasped his cock with my mouth and ran up and down his whole length.

I sensed movement.

Dave was moving his hands and Nathan seemed to shift his position. What the fuck was going on?

Who cares! I was busy gobbling up Dave's cock the best I could. He kept slowing down his strokes to enjoy my hot mouth on him as long as he could. I'd edge him close to release but not push him over. He let out a guttural moan every time he would be on the cusp of cumming. Nathan lightly drifted his rough digits across my ass cheek. 

Ooohhhh, I get it. Dave was waving Nathan over to me. Wait... what?

He traced circles around the full roundness of my wide hips. I moaned in response trying to beg for more with my face overflowing with cock. To be sure my message was being received, I tried to shove my pussy closer to his fingers.

WHAT WAS WRONG WITH ME? Two guys at once? So slutty and dirty and hot and... dammit! Am I really that big of a slut? The idea made my cunt clench down hard, but it was empty. A whimper escaped my lips as I continued to suckle Dave's rigid member.

I pulled up his shaft partway to dance my tongue around the head of his eager and throbbing rod. It was an opportunity to get a few deep breaths in before I really started to cram his cock down my throat and I wouldn't be able to breathe at all. 

That moment when his head hit my tonsils, I had a little momentary choke when Dave asked,

"If you're okay with Nathan crawling in behind you, just keep sucking my cock."

HOLY FUCK! YES! NO! OH MY GOD! My mind screamed viciously at me so many random things it was a whirlwind.

To keep from a coughing fit, I slid my mouth from hilt to tip slurping up all the juice as I went ending with a deep swallow. There was quiet except for the heavy gulp I made to stifle the wee choke from hitting my tonsils.

I could tell the boys weren't sure about my behavior. Did my gulp count as continuing to suck Dave's cock? Or was I going to run?

SHOULD I? SHOULDN'T I? FUUUCK! A million thoughts swirled through my mind. Dave and I were bareback buddies. Would Nathan have brought rubbers with him to chill at Dave's? Likely not. Nathan really got around. I don't want to be in pain from fucking a monster cock. Shit. Shit. SHIT!

I heard some murmuring from the two of them that I couldn't make out over my sucking and panting. Hell, I was probably hyperventilating from excitement and panic. Dammit!

"Hey, uh, Nathan's chick hates suckin' dick so he's gonna tap in here."

"Looks too good for me to pass up," Nathan pondered. I would have to say I agree with that assessment.

THANK YOU! OMYFUCKINGGOD! I was off the hook! I really wanted to be sure I was going to get fucked raw and although I'd heard rumours about Nathan's manhood, I didn't want to bet on it.

I didn't move an inch. This spit roast was orchestrating itself.

Dave stood up and knelt behind me on the blanket. I stretched my back a bit which accidentally on purpose spread my cheeks open more for him.

He leaned back on his heels to get a better look and pressed a couple of fingers into my sopping wet fuckhole. My cunt clenched rhythmically as my eyes closed and my head sagged limply forward. I moaned in relief there was finally something in me.

"Enjoying yourself so far?" Dave asked rhetorically. "I've never seen you so worked up... you're actually dripping."

I opened my eyes to gain some composure and offer a sassy remark back when I was treated to Nathan sprawled out on his back right under my face. Sweet mercy. The rumours were true and not an exaggeration.

Pop can man.

He had the thickest cock I had ever seen. Ever. And he was like a pulsing granite block beckoning my mouth. Would I get lock jaw? Could I even fit it in? My god, if he had fucked my cunt I would've been torn in half.

"Pleeeease?" was all I could manage to whimper at Dave as I pushed my pussy back on to his hand then took a dive at Nathan's cock.

I grasped Nathan's rod snugly with my hand and started at his bulbous head. He groaned loudly and his cock twitched in anticipation. I swirled my tongue around his wide helmet and started to wet him down his shaft and used my hands to help lube his whole length. I wanted his member so slick it would glide down my throat when I wanted it to.

"Holy shit, she's good," Nathan managed to grunt aloud.

As amazing as Nathan's dick in my face was, Dave easily distracted me. His hard-on was raging from being teased incessantly by my mouth and it was payback time. His cock easily parted my thin inner lips to bury as deeply as he pleased.

A low grunt came from Dave on every stroke. I followed his lead and sucked Nathan's cock to the same beat. They were gasping together as they stuffed me unbelievably full of their cocks. I was so turned on and full, I even felt a bit shaky.

Dave had enough wherewithal to notice my demeanor. My cunt was clamped down tight and throbbing in anticipation. With one arm around my waist, I felt his other hand cradle the back of my head. He pushed his fingers through to let my hair drape around them. He clenched into a fist and pushed a few forceful strokes down.

Nathan moaned in response to the facefuck forced on his member. My jaw opened so wide that my lips were tight around his rod. His cock bobbed in my mouth as he held back from shooting his load down my gullet. It seems he wanted to savour my talents.

Then Dave pulled me more upright by my hair. As my face let go of the wall of flesh I was slurping at, I panted deeply and quickly. It almost made me light-headed. I saw Nathan grasp his shaft to continue his enjoyment as he witnessed Dave reach around and rub at my clit.

"Fuck. Me. Fuck. Yes." I chanted with each stroke, I couldn't manage anything else. My brain useless as sensation just flooded me teeth to toes.

"I want you cum for me. Let Nathan see it." Dave growled at me under his breath.

I had devolved to panting and groaning with no words. My volume and pace kept ramping up.

Dave's cock impaled me. He let go of my hair to steady my hips. He kept pawing at my pussy. It dripped in response and swelled as I had never felt before.

"I... Yeess..." is all I could manage. 

My whole body exploded in orgasm. I bucked harder against Dave's member. He rammed against the vice that used to be my cunt. My hand covered his over my clit to make sure he wouldn't release any pressure until I was completely done.

My breathing slowed a bit. I let my clutch of Dave's hand go limp and pushed back against his member toward my heels to lightly rest my legs. His dick throbbed but he hadn't cum yet. That's why I kept him around.

"Wow. I'm... wow." Nathan was speechless at the show.

He gently kept stroking at his member. His cock was weeping in appreciation too. But the thing was like Everest - I had to conquer it once I saw it.

Back on all fours, I slurped him up to my tonsils. My jaw ached but I didn't care. Nathan watching me cum added to my pleasure and I was eager to have his load shoot deep down my throat.

Dave was still hard, still in me, and still hadn't cum. He must be a love-bot.

I started to follow his lead again for speed. The three of us found a glorious rhythm I never thought possible. The pace quickened just slightly, and I knew they were both on edge.

No holds barred now.

Nathan's hand gently nudged me deeper on his rod. Dave gripped my hips near my thighs for the best leverage. They were steadily building their pace so I drew a deep breath to see this through. Right then my pussy started to clamp down. Hard. I was going to cum again. Holy. Fuck.

I steeled myself against Dave so he could fuck me as hard as he wanted. I impaled my head on to Nathan's cock as deep as I could without tearing my throat. I felt myself throb and clench uncontrollably in response.
