 This is the 2nd full chapter in the story. Hopefully you have read the first chapter and the prolog. There is still a little character development going, so don't glaze over the non-sexual parts too fast.

As always, let me thank 'Romantic1' for serving as my editor. 

Chapter Two - A night to remember

The rest of my first week went from a slow easy day on Monday to four rapid-fire full-throttle days. By the time Friday afternoon rolled around I was physically and mentally exhausted but at the same time I was drooling in anticipation for the weekend. However, before the weekend could start I needed to finish up the last day of school for the week.

Earlier in the week Summer, who had been on the team with me since our freshman year, had approached me to help with the Club and Sports Fair which took up the last two periods of the school day. Although swimming was a winter sport and wouldn't start for a few months, we still wanted to make ourselves known to the student body and put some effort into recruiting some new members.

When I showed up at the team's booth Sean, who was of the opinion he was next in line for the Men's Team Captain position, questioned my presence. Coach in turn went public with his endorsement of me for team captain this year. Sean flipped out and said he was quitting the team. 

"And that's why he would have made a bad captain," Coach said shaking his head in disgust at Sean's rather immature outburst. He then explained that he believed I would get unanimous support from the rest of the team and that he too really believed in my ability to lead the team. I felt humbled since I never really thought of myself as that kind, or caliber, of leader. I also felt like it was time for me to step up and see if I was capable of it. Ashley would be proud of me and the chance I was being given.

Between waves of people Summer and I got reacquainted in greater detail than we had in the parking lot days before. We didn't share any classes this year and our lunch schedules didn't overlap either. Luckily I did see her in passing a few times and she was always quick with a smile.

At one point I sat back in the chair and watched as Summer chatted with a potential freshman recruit. I recognized the girl from my time swimming with the local aquatic club, but I deferred to Summer to talk with females. As I watched the interaction between Summer and the younger girl I was reminded how young we were when we first started the team.

'Were we really that young?' I asked myself as I leaned back in the chair and put my hands up behind my head. I continued to look Summer over and found my eyes wandering up the back of her legs. Like any athlete her body was firm with very little body fat. Since Friday was a casual day she had on a modest jean skirt and a pink 'I love NY' t-shirt. As she leaned forward the denim stretched tight across her ass and for the first time I felt myself getting aroused looking at Summer.

'She sure has grown up,' I thought to myself as I looked over the rest of her body. Her hair was a soft brown color and had a natural curl to it that most girls would die for. As if she could sense my gaze she looked over her shoulder and gave me a smile. A few minutes later she finished her conversation with the young freshmen.

"Were we really that young?" She asked me with a laugh.

"I think so," I said pausing to look her over again, "but it seems you've grown up in a lovely woman Summer." My complement caused her to blush and she tried to play off my complement. "I mean it Summer. Not sure I realized just how much you've grown till I watched you talk with that freshman."

"You've done some growing up yourself," Summer said. "Well, physically at least," she said correcting her, "although there does seem to be something different about you I just can't place yet."

I instantly thought about my summer with Ashley and if the signs were really that visible. I did feel different but it felt like an internal change. The only external changes were how I dressed and, from what a few people had said, how I carried myself. 

After wrapping up the Club and Sports Fair I helped Summer and Coach pack up our team's banner and then excused myself. Like every other teenager in school I was really looking forward to my weekend. I also knew Jenn was already waiting for me at my Jeep out in the parking lot. Not only did we have her mom's blessing to fool around, she was doing her part to give us the run of the house tonight. Jenn's parents would be staying in a hotel in Capital City tonight after her work dinner ended.

I got aroused at the thought of spending the night with Jenn. Surprisingly my mom and step dad didn't bat an I when I mentioned staying the night at Jenn's house. No questions were asked and it was expressed, in not so many words, that I was an adult now.

As I walked through the parking lot images of Jenn's naked body were already floating to the front of my mind as I started to block out school, homework, and other distractions. When I saw Jenn standing next to my Jeep and my dick twitched. Then my hormone fueled brain ground to a halt when I saw Sarah standing next to her.

"Hi Steve," the girls said in unison as I walked up.

"I hope you don't mind but I invited Sarah to hang out with us a little after school," Jenn said with a smile.

"Sure. I don't have any classes with you this semester; It will be nice to catch up," I said turning to Sarah. Truth be told, I felt bummed that I didn't get to see more of Sarah. She was another friend of mine that had given me a kiss on my eighteenth birthday -- a memorable event. Sadly however nothing else ever happened. We lost touch over summer, which was not uncommon for kids our age, and had yet to have an opportunity to rekindle our friendship.

As I remembered my birthday kisses from the girls my hormones took over again and I started to look at Sarah the same way I had been looking at Summer earlier. 'Maybe going all week without sex was a bad idea,' I thought to myself.

Sarah was another girl with an athletic build. She wasn't a swimmer like Summer; she was a track star. She occasionally ran cross country in the fall to stay active and keep up with her running but, as I would find out later, was skipping running this fall to focus on school, the SAT exam, and nurse a sore ankle. As we made small talk in the parking lot she went on to explain that she she wanted to be healthy and rested for the track season which was a spring sport since her best opportunity for a scholarship to State next year would be on the track team rather than the cross country team. While Summer was lean and built for speed through the water Sarah was a little bigger. She was a little thicker with much more developed leg muscles. She also had a slightly larger chest that either Jenn or Summer which looked to be even bigger than it was when I saw her at the beginning of the summer.

In contrast to Jenn's fiery red hair, Sarah's hair was a golden shade of dirty blond. She usually wore it up in a ponytail, and today was no exception. For an outfit she wore a pair of faded jeans and a vintage Fender guitar t-shirt. It was a little known fact amongst our friends that she could actually play the guitar. Like most students she'd focused more on being casual since it was the end of the week. I too had relaxed my dress code and wore a pair of cargo khakis and a ribbed cotton top. 'Simple, yet refined,' as Ashley put it.

Sarah had her own car and said she would meet us at Jenn's house. Since Sarah and Jenn were close friends she knew the way and I didn't have to worry about someone following me. On the way Jenn and I chatted about our days, how the Club and Sports Fair went. Jenn wasn't an athlete by any stretch of the imagination. She was naturally fit and stayed healthy by eating healthy. One thing Jenn did have going for her was acting in the school Drama Club. She was hoping to try out for the lead this year's fall show which she told me would be Guys and Dolls.

"You sound nervous," I said picking up on her tone as we talked.

"I am, but at the same time I know I can do it," she said with a little more confidence.

At that point we pulled into the driveway at her house and seconds later Sarah pulled in beside my Jeep.

"So are you thinking about State too?" Sarah asked when we walked into Jenn's house reverting back to our conversation from the parking lot.

"My cousin is a sophomore there and on the swim team," I explained. "She hinted that her coach already has his eye on me and may even offer me a swimming scholarship. I really won't know any details till the swim season starts, but if I end up getting the captain position this year that should really help me win some brownie points with the coach from State."

"What about you, Jenn?" Sarah asked turning to Jenn.

"No sports scholarships for me," she said bummed that Sarah and I were once again monopolizing the conversation with our sports antics, "but I am thinking about State next fall too." She continued, "How awesome would it be if all three of us ended up there together?"

"Yeah," I said thinking about it, "that would be fun." I continued to think that it would be fun not only being able to fuck Ashley when I was at State, but also to have Jenn there to fuck as well.

"Maybe we could convince our parents to go in on a place for us to share," Sarah said. "It would be cheaper for us to share a place than it would be to pay room and board. I am sure we could find a nice place close to campus."

"Hadn't really thought about it," I said. "What do you think Jenn?"

"I think it would be fun to play house with my two favorite people." She then walked between Sarah and me and brought us all in for a group hug. I sneaked my hand down Jenn's back and goosed her ass causing her to yelp and leap backwards out of the group. Sarah laughed at our antics and took a few steps away before I could goose her ass as well.

"I have to go the bathroom," Sarah announced.

"Okay," Jenn said. "We are going up to the TV room. Just come up there when you're done."

As Sarah made her way to the ground floor powder room, Jenn and I made our way upstairs. I goosed her ass a few time and then chased her down the hall. I pushed her onto the couch trying to kiss her.

After a quick kiss, Jenn stopped me and pushed me back.

"Remember when I said I had a threesome over the summer?" She asked.

"Yeah," I said remember as many details of that afternoon as possible. "How could I forget." Jenn just smiled at me. It took a while for everything in my brain to register, but I put two and two together. "Wait. You and Sarah?" She nodded. "Holy crap." I was astonished. "I never thought she was the type. Well, I never thought you were the type either." We heard Sarah coming upstairs, and Jenn slid out from under me and took a seat on the beanbag chair across from the couch.

"So," Sarah said as she walked into the room,"what is the plan for the afternoon? Don't let me be a third wheel if you guys want some alone time."

Jenn and I laughed. Although I had expectations of some alone time with Jenn, I also knew that we had all night. Meanwhile my head was starting to swim with idea of Sarah's developing sexuality and other things about her I may not know.

Sarah was a bit of a tomboy, so aside from our kiss on my birthday, I never really looked at her in a sexual manner. She stood about the same height as Jenn, and in some respects the two could pass for sisters. The only main difference was in their facial structures and hair color. Their bodies were similar in terms of the ass-to-chest ratio. However, unlike Jenn who was very much the girly-girl, Sarah rarely wore makeup and never really did anything with her hair but except to keep it pulled back out of her face.

I shrugged in response to Sarah's question. "I am just here to hang out." I smiled, wondering if my real agenda was known.

Sarah then turned to Jenn. Jenn looked at me and smiled. "How about a movie?" I wasn't sure what Jenn was smiling about, but obviously she was up to something. Sarah and I both agreed and Jenn jumped up and ran to her room.

She came back, put a disc into the player, and turned on the TV. Up popped the title screen to the newest HBO vampire drama. I's heard it had a decent story line, but also bordered on soft core porn with plenty of heated sex scenes and partial nudity. I wasn't a die-hard fan, but I had caught the occasional episode when I could, so I knew the general plot.

"Is this the last season?" Sarah asked nearly jumping with glee at the idea.

"Yeah. I am running through it before the new season starts this fall," Jenn explained.

"Awesome," Sarah said clapping her hands.

I just rolled my eyes.

The girls talked through most of the episode. I could easily have gotten up and wandered out of the room without them even noticing. I zoned out until a particularly graphic sex scene started. I got aroused at seeing the half naked actress on the big TV. Jenn had turned the lights out, so I couldn't see if the show had any effect on the girls, but they got noticeably quiet when the sex scene started.

"Ugh," Sarah grunted in disgust. "She's faking the scene; it's pathetic. At least she should put some effort into it." Jenn laughed. "I can always tell when a girl is faking it," Sarah continued.

"Oh really?" Jenn posed. 

The next few minutes the girls discussed the finer points of the female orgasm and various tell-tail signs based on their experience. If the sights on the TV weren't arousing enough, listening to the girls talking had turned my semi-rigid dick rock hard. I became uncomfortable and wished I could either fuck Jenn senseless or at least go to the bathroom to relive myself. I swore to myself that I would make Jenn pay one way or another for this sadistic form or torture.

"So, you think you can tell anytime a girl is faking it?" Jenn asked as she returned the show disc to its title screen.

"Yeah. It's not hard," she said, as if it were as easy as walking. "You can always tell by how much the girl screams, or the sad attempts at dirty talk," she continued, "They just try too hard."

Jenn thought for a second, and then got an impish grin and bolted out of the room. "Give me a second," she yelled from her bedroom.

Sarah and I looked at each other though the dim light of the TV room and shrugged.

"Any idea what this is about?" I asked Sarah.

"Nope. Not a clue," she replied.

After ten minutes, Jenn returned from her room with a DVD. I still didn't know what she was up to.

She put the DVD in the player, plopped herself down next to me on the couch, and then hit play. Sarah and I both gasped in shock. Jenn had hit play on a porno. "Sorry I took so long," she said, "I had to clip to just the good parts."

'Good parts indeed.' I thought to myself. On the screen appeared a porn star obviously in the throws of passion.

"Oh, God," Sarah said. "See. So obvious that she's faking."

Jenn just laughed. "What about this one?" She hit a button on the remote and the screen change to a top down view of a chick. It didn't show anything more than her head and shoulders, but you could tell that she was playing with herself. After a few seconds she started to moan. Soon, she was obviously experiencing an orgasm.

"So?" Jenn asked turning to Sarah.

"I have to go with real on that one," Sarah said.

Jenn hit a button on the remote again, and my heart skipped a beat. On the screen I saw Jenn sitting in her computer chair. "Let's see how good you are with one of your friends."

The video skipped ahead and then showed Jenn, with a sex toy buried in her pussy. I'd become aroused beyond only but the highest levels of self control. I took a few deep breaths to slow my heart rate.

"Wait," Sarah said, "Is this you?"

Jenn laughed. "Yes, it's me you idiot."

Sarah watched in silence.

Jenn climaxed on screen, and then she asked Sarah if she thought she was faking it.

"No," Sarah said bluntly, "That looked pretty legit."

Jenn hit the remote one more time and my heart stopped beating as the next video played. It showed Jenn laying on her bed. This was the video I had started Monday afternoon. The video of me fucking Jenn.

Over the TV speakers we heard my off-screen voice, "Why don't you remind me how naughty you can beAs I remembered, Jenn started to play with herself and then licked her fingers before she started to finger herself. "How do you want to get fucked?" I heard myself ask.

I was in shock. I couldn't believe what I saw. I couldn't believe that Jenn would play a video of herself fucking me in front of Sarah and me.

"I want you to fuck me like the naughty girl I am," Jenn said on screen. "I want you to use me. Fuck me hard. Fuck me rough."

On the TV screen, I came into view; Jenn reached over and started to massage my dick through my pants. She made no effort to stop it but let it continue to play. If Sarah was uncomfortable with what she was watching, she didn't make her reservations known.

Once I walked on screen, Sarah finally commented, "Nice ass, Steve." She was now starting to sound a little turned on, and I could hear noticeable changes in her breathing.

As the video played out, I slowly maneuvered myself around so that I could reach Jenn's breasts. She cooed at my touch and gave my dick a firm squeeze.

It felt like a thrill to flirt physically with Jenn while Sarah was only a few feet away. Not to mention watching your own sex tape. I had never really thought about recording and then watching my own sexcapades, but this was definitely something I would do again, with or without Sarah in the room.

When the video ended with Jenn scooping my cum out of her pussy, Sarah turned to see Jenn and I fondling each other. "That was hot," she said both excited and aroused. "Can I you watch you guys have sex sometime. You know -- live?"

I turned to watch Jenn's reaction. "No," she said to both mine and Sarah's disappointment. "But you can join us," she continued. My dick jumped under Jenn's hand still placed on my crotch. I snapped my eyes from Jenn to Sarah to see her reaction. She just looked back at me, then to Jenn, with what could only be described as a look of sexual hunger.

"Come on you two," Jenn said getting up. "Let's go to my room." As she walked past Sarah she took her by the hand, and I followed the two of them down the hall.

"Steve, you take care of the camera," she said as she pulled Sarah down onto the bed. "Sarah and I are going to get things started."

I quickly fired up Jenn's webcam program and hit the record button. Luckily the camera was still aimed at Jenn's bed.

"Have a seat, Steve," Jenn said. "Let us girls show you just how naughty we can be." She then reached over to Sarah and lifted her t-shirt up over her head. Sarah in turn lifted Jenn's top off, and the two started to make out with each other. Realizing I could not stand being clothed any more. I slowly began disrobing while I watched the girls get hot and heavy.

When I stood to remove my pants the girls stopped and looked over at me. "It's such a lovely cock isn't it?' Jenn asked Sarah.

"I like the looks of it," Sarah said back to Jenn, never taking her eyes off my crotch.

"Wait till you feel it inside you," Jenn continued. "Wait till you feel him cum deep in that tight pussy of yours." The two then turned to face each other, and then proceeded to strip each other the rest of the way.

I sat back down and began slowly stroking myself with a loose grip making sure not to stimulate myself too much or too fast.

"Steve, remember how I said I loved the taste of pussy?" Jenn said out loud. "Sarah's pussy tastes amazing. Her's is the first pussy I tasted." She coaxed Sarah down between her legs so that she could keep talking to me. "We have worked at the same camp the last two years. Last summer we got to talking about boys, kissing, and sex." She paused to relish the attention Sarah was giving her pussy. 
