 The day had left me raw physically and emotionally. Slipping into bed beside my lover at night, I curled into his strong arms and slept as if I have never slept before in deep contented slumber.

I'm not sure what woke me up, but I remember sitting bolt upright in bed, my lover shifting sleepily while half-asleep peeking at me, but soon joining me, the both of us in sitting and listening intently as the sounds of moans filtered through the walls of our bedroom.

Giggling, I laid back down, "I think they are enjoying themselves in there," I murmured as I snuggled back against my lover, my hands crept around his waist and my head rested upon his chest.

Suddenly, screams jolted us both from our relaxed and sleepy state.

"My goodness what was that?" I exclaimed as we both jumped out of the bed and put on our robes before heading to the room next door.

"What the fuck?!" my lover growled as we burst through the door.

Yet, the sight that greeted our eyes was a most pleasant surprise for our fears that someone was getting raped were immediately dispelled. Instead our eyes, as we surveyed the scene, saw one of our female staff members in the process of having her raw cunt being stretched to its maximum capacity by two men, of ample phallic proportion.

Quickly kneeling down on the floor to watch, I glanced at her swollen gaping hole, her cuntal lips smeared with glistening cum, the stretching having caused her smooth skin to glow a dark angry red. As I looked around at the room, I saw twelve men and wondering how many of them she had already had, my body began to tingle with excitement as the passionate trio before me climaxed together in a deafening erotic scream.

Fixated on the sight of the three, my robe had slipped open and my fingers had begun to sensuously explore my body. Finding my hard nipples I began to pinch and stroke them as my lover approached me from behind, his hands and mine entwined as they glided across my smooth flesh.

"You like my love, you want?" his voice tickled my ears and sent shivers throughout me, as I knew he was intent on offering me the same experience.

Raising me to my feet he slipped off my robe onto the floor and led me to the centre of the room.

"Gentlemen, would you care for the use of my lady?" he proclaimed as he pushed me to my knees, firmly yet still with a caring gentleness.

Opening his robe, his member straight to my mouth, and quickly moving down onto his knees he placed me so that I was on all fours, my bare ass majestic for all to see, my puss already throbbing with arousal.

Kissing the crown of his thick cock I began to flick my tongue tenderly at his cum hole, twirling wetness over the smooth taut skin, and as my lips pouted over its rim I began to suck and cradle his cock in my mouth. Moving my grasping lips rapidly, the heat of his now throbbing shaft soon filled my hungry mouth with fiery flesh as I began to moan in thirst as droplets of precum oozed onto my tongue.

Continuing to attack his hard man meat with my ravenous mouth, I grazed and nibbled at his rigid cock as my mouth and tongue swept up one side and down the other. Suddenly, I felt the first of what would be several sets of hands laid on me and at the same time, looking down, I saw another man laying under my body sideways, enabling him to take one my ripe hanging tits into his mouth.

Reminiscent of a young animal feeding from its mother's teats, the noise of his wet mouth suckling on my tingling tit could be heard among the moans and groans echoing throughout the room as he quickly engulfed my large nipples. A second man soon followed suit and took my other engorged nipple in his mouth. The tugging on both my tits rapidly reverberated on the raging cock of my lover now thrusting rapidly into my greedy mouth, his large hands on my head, pulling my upturned face tight against his sex, his large cockhead thrusting deep into the depths of my throat.

His throbbing cock instinctively made me ready for the rush that was about to come. The hard pulling of my hair and his groin thrusting hard into my face made me gulp deeply as the first hot wave of creamy seed hit the back of my throat. Swallowing fast so his hot jism could not escape my mouth, his spasms slowly subsided as the sweet flow of my lover's cum eased. Cupping my face in his hands he bent down to kiss me, his tongue dancing lustily with mine as he tasted his own seed on my wet lips.

Now, without warning, I felt myself being pushed forward by the force of a hard cock bashing my wet hole. Two hands grasped my hips and continued to thrust with abandon into my sopping wet cunt with such velocity that my lover had to hold onto my shoulders to prevent me from flying forward. This assault on my slit soon had me screaming in rapture.

The slapping of heavy balls whacking against my flesh, the feel of a large stomach pressing my arse cheeks apart, provoked me into turning around to watch while one of the larger men of the group ravished me, his large heavy frame sweating from his powerful exertions, his face red, his grin wide as he impaled me to the hilt of his meaty cock. Hanging my head down again I watched the two men beneath me continuing to lustily satiate themselves with my swaying breasts, their mouths clinging to them unwilling to miss a single thrill of their luscious bounty.

As tiny orgasms ripped through my sexually ravaged body, the large man behind me groaned loudly and I felt his cum splatter across my bare arse, the warm, and slimy cum slipping down my arsecheeks onto the floor soon to be accompanied by my gushing cunt juices cascading over my thighs, as my whole body quaked from the wracking spasms of a wondrous orgasm.

Not before I could catch my breath two new cocks were presented to my mouth, taking one in my hand and the other in my still cum-soaked mouth, I began to suck and stroke simultaneously each beautiful cock, one small but wonderful in body proportion, the other a jawbreaker, both unique and each tasty..

Soft taut skin on each, so mouth watering, my hungry mouth voraciously wanted both, so I drew them close to me and tried my best to orally please each. The jawbreaker, however, couldn't' handle the feather-like flickers of my tongue, and he came in a rush as my tongue fucked his pulsating cum hole. His stream of creamy jism hit me square in the face, even as I concentrated on the still throbbing diminutive cock now wildly fucking my salivating mouth.

Responding to his animalism, I began to suck his delicate piece of manmeat with equal abandon, thirsty to milk his gorgeous heavy balls that dangled, shaved and smooth, right before my lust-shaded eyes. Allowing the cock to slip from my mouth, my usually delicate voice growled at him,

"Fuck my mouth you horny bastard! fuck me hard with that cock bitch! fill my cocksucking mouth NOW!"

Attacking his throbbing member with my mouth I began to rock my whole body to and fro, stretching his foreskin with my tight lips as he grabbed my head and started to fuck me with an unleashed frenzy. Glad that his length and girth was not beyond my cocksucking abilities I lavished my mouth on him, knowing I was thrilling him as I could hear his guttural groans and ecstatic moans.

As more cum spewed into my throat, I felt still another pair of hips pressing against my arse, a fresh cock teasing at my soaked gash, a tight hard cock head sliding against my still engorged clit, the cock's hardness pushing apart the pouty lips of my love nest. Accompanied by a loud groan I felt this new cock push slowly into my wet cuntal opening. Rearing back I felt myself being stretched beyond what I had ever before experienced.

Falling onto my face on the floor I clawed at the rug as this thick fuck tool tore me open, my mouth open in a scream as this raping rod plowed so deep into my love channel that my cervix began throbbing in pain as well. Certainly I must have blacked out with the pain, because as I came to I felt myself laying upon a bed, my legs dangling over its edge, my head cradled in my lovers lap, my slick wet thighs trapped inside two muscular thighs as this animal of a man with the gargantuan cock prepared to further invade my aching fuck hole.

In one hard and swift plunge, his monster cock filled me completely, his face soft and warm, he began to agonizingly slowly work his brutish member in and out of my ever yielding twat. The feeling went from one extreme to another, from pain to bliss. Ths sensation consumed me as his whole body repeatedly wormed his luscious fuck pole deep within me. Soon my back began arching and grinding to meet his each and every thrust, my legs clinging to his waist, seeking to pull him ever closer, to feel his pubic bone grind roughly against mine.

My lover bent to kiss me, our mouths exploring each others in renewed frenzy, his pleasured shaft so noticeable pushing against my neck, throbbing and vibrating against me as my eyes gazed at him half shut in out-of-this-world lust as he watched eagerly the man take me and continue to pleasure me with his steed-like cock.

Clenching now my pussy so very tight around that awesome slab of man meat, lodged deep inside of me, I could immediately feel the increased speed of his ministrations and I closed my eyes as a powerful orgasm rampaged throughout my body, seeping into its every nerve ending, my body becoming one large cunt mouth to his mammoth phallus splitting me into unconsciousness, wild obscene screams echoing in my head as my world became a blur of lurid and pleasurable euphoric somnolence.

Later, waking up back in our bed, my body wrapped in my lover's arms, I looked at him for an answer to my silent question.

"Darling, I pulled you out of there or else you won't last the month," he chuckled as I slipped back into sleep, content and reassured cradled within his arms.