 As always it is recommended that you have read the prolog and pervious chapters up until this point. While the action is hot and heavy this is just one chapter out of a series.

High School - Chapter Seven: Championship level antics

The New Years party was a major success. Justin and Will were welcome members in our trusted circle and the girls were eager to have two new dicks to play with. Near the end of January we had another party for our group while we watched football. Bets were made as to who would lose and who would score, but in the end I think we all won.

In February I was focused on swimming championships and preparing for districts. Coach told me to reserve my strength and not engage in any 'extra curricular physical activities' till after districts. On one hand it sucked because I went from getting laid on a regular basis to pretty much not getting laid at all. On the other hand I was lucky because it meant more blow jobs and more hand jobs from the girls. It just wasn't the same as having my dick in a tight warm pussy. By the end of February, I was looking at every female in school, teachers included, wondering what their pussy would feel like.

"Mister Smith," I heard an older female voice call from behind me as I walked to my next class. When I turned around I saw Miss Hockersmith our school's therapist trying to catch up to me. "What is your next class?" She asked me.

"Uh, Advanced Trig with Dr. Bare in room 408. Why?" I asked. Without answering me she scribbled something on a piece of paper and turned heading back toward the main offices.

I walked the rest of the way to my class baffled. Just as Dr. Bare began class he was interrupted by an office aid.

"Smith. Office," he said looking at me. The class starting oohing and aahing. I knew I wasn't in trouble, but I was now worried something was wrong since the school therapist was the last school person that said anything to me.

Once at the office my suspicions were confirmed when Miss Hockersmith greeted me and ushered me back to her office. I was so horny and worked up that without thinking about it I checked her out. She was rumored to be 30 years old and had started here just out of grad school. There was also a rumor that she was reprimanded for dressing too sexy when she started a few years ago. Today she had on a knee length pin strip skirt, a matching suit top and her hair pulled up and pinned in a bun behind her head. She was also wearing a pair of think rimmed glasses that gave her that librarian look. I am sure if she opened a button or two on her blouse and lengthened the slit of her dress another few inches she would cross the line to naughty librarian, but as she was dressed right now she looked every bit the professional that she was.

She ushered me into her office then took a seat behind her large wooden desk. Unlike other offices I had been in, hers had no windows. Sensing my curiosity as I surveyed the room she started to talk. "There are no windows in this room so no one can peek in and see that you are here. The walls and door are also completely soundproof so no one can listen in as long as you aren't screaming," she paused and opened up a leather clad legal pad, "Do you know why I have asked you here today?"

Since I didn't have a clue I was as honest as I could be. "Uh, no ma'am."

"Some of the teachers are worried about you," she said.

"Really?" I said in disbelief. "Why?"

"They say they have seen a marked change in your behavior over the last month," she said. She then read from a report on her desk. "Steve seems more agitated and worried since the new semester has started. He seems distracted and unable to focus in class. His temper also seems to be shorter." She then looked up at me. "I have three other reports from three more of your teachers that echo concern for you," she paused, "Is there anything you need to talk about?"

"No," I said. There really wasn't. I was a little off my game, but that's life as a teenage. You have your good days and your bad days.

"Is there anything wrong at home?" She asked next. I nodded no. "What about your classes, everything going okay?" I nodded no again. "What about swimming?"

"Champs are this weekend and districts are in two weeks," I said.

"Do you feel pressured to perform?" She asked.

"No. I am having a great season. I am already qualified for districts and as long as everyone on the team swims their best this weekend we will win the championship," I explained to her.

"Do you feel pressure from the team to be their leader and ensure their victory this weekend?" Damn she was persistent. I started to shift in my seat. I also couldn't help but start at her lovely blue eyes, her luscious red lips, and her dark blond hair.

'Damn I need to get laid,' I said to myself.

"What was that?" She ask.

'Shit did I just say that out loud,' I thought. "No ma'am. I don't feel pressure from the team. I couldn't ask for a better group of friends to be on the team with and we have made this journey together. If we win," I stopped and corrected myself with a smile, "When we win this weekend it won't because of me or my leadership it will be because of the team stepping up and doing their best."

"What would you say if I told you your coach disagrees?" She said looking me over.

"I don't know. What does he say?" I asked.

She pulled out another report. "All coaches are required to fill out evaluations on their team captains. He writes, 'Steve shows great promise. More potential than he is aware of. He inspires and rallies the team because he treats them as equals. Everyone knows they aren't his equal though. He always goes the extra mile to help his teammates become better. He is always on the side of the pool cheering along. He is the first one at practice and the last on to leave. He is not above doing the little things like filling up water bottles or pulling in lane lines. He never asks anyone to do anything he wouldn't do himself. I can honestly say he is a better leader this season than I am. If he opens his eyes and realizes the potential he has inside him he will go on to do great things in his life. I just hope he doesn't loose that humility in the process so I will never tell him anything more than good job.'" She then looked up to gauge my reaction. 

I was speechless. I had no idea coach felt that way about me. It was also a major boost to my self-esteem and to my ego. I smiled.

"So you can see why we are concerned," Miss Hockersmith continued, "There is a major discrepancy between the evaluation your coach wrote the end of last semester and what your teachers are saying about you now," she paused, "So there has to be something bothering you. We are just worried and want to help before things get any worse."

I sat back in my chair and started running through everything in my head. There really was nothing majorly wrong with my life. Everything wasn't perfect mind you. I still had a certain level of teenage angst, pressures of homework, tests, parents, and friends. I still had run-inns with a few people that didn't like me, but I really had nothing to complain about. I then thought about not getting laid and just laughed.

"What is so funny?" She asked.

"Well," I said now becoming very embarrassed, "it's kind of personal."

"Everything we're talking about is personal Steve," she said using my first name.

"Well...," I said unsure if I should be honest or not.

"Be honest," she encouraged me. "Be painfully blunt if you have to. There is nothing you can't tell me I haven't already heard," she continued trying to reassure me.

"Well, it's like this," I said deciding to follow her instructions and be blunt. "I am not getting laid as much as I used to. Coach said I should cut back on 'extra curricular activities,'" I said holding up my fingers in air quotes.

"How often were you getting laid?" She asked looking at me with a curious look.

"Well...," I started to say.

"Be blunt Steve," she said.

"I was getting it pretty regularly ever since last summer," I explained.

"Define regularly," she asked no longer taking notes which I though was weird.

"Well, I mean very regularly," I thought about all the days, all the nights, and all the weekends I had sex.

"How many times would you say you've had sex in the last month?" she asked with a very very curious, almost hungry look.

"Do you mean, uh, times I have had-sex, or number of days I have had sex on?" I asked seeking clarification.

"Either or," she said being annoyingly vague.

I thought about it for a second. "Well, up until we started our tapper into Championships I was getting laid pretty much every day. I think in the month of January there were only three or four days I did not have sex," I made sure to emphasis the word not.

Miss Hockersmith gasped. "I didn't know you had a steady girlfriend," she said.

"I don't," I confessed.

She then continued to pry now a little uncomfortable herself. "So how many times each day were you having sex?"

"It all depended on who I was with," I said rather bluntly.

"So you were sleeping with different people on different days?" She asked.

"Well, kinda," I said unsure as to if I should volunteer any more information.

"Are you saying you have had sex with more than one girl on the same day?" She asked. I nodded. "At the same time?" She continued now visibly aroused. At first I thought she was just uncomfortable talking about sex with a student but it turns out she was actually getting turned on hearing me talk about my sexual activities.

I decided to turn it up a notch. "I don't want to give away any details because I don't want to incriminate anyone else, but I am part of a very close circle of students my age that engage in sex on a regular basis. It is a closed group and we only sleep with each other. There are five guys and eleven girls," I paused and could see Miss Hockersmith biting her lip hanging on my every word, "Sometimes it is just one on one, but some of the girls are comfortable in exploring their sexuality right now and sometimes they fool around with each other but most of the time we are in groups of three or four." She then slowly pulled her hand under her desk hoping I wouldn't notice, but I did. "Some of the girls have also tried out having more than one guy at a time." She let out another gasp. "At one point we even had three guys on one girl. She passed out on us, but she does that a lot," I said.

I could tell she was rubbing herself under the desk. She was trying to be discreet but she wasn't doing a very good job. "Are you okay Miss Hockersmith?" I asked trying not to laugh.

"Call me Lisa," she said as she took a deep breath and adjusted her posture. "So you have not had any sex in how long?"

"It's been about two weeks," I said. "The girls are pretty good about giving me blow jobs and hand jobs, but it's just not the same.

"No," she said short of breath, "no it's not." She was now rubbing herself hard enough that it was impossible not to notice. "Steve, I am going to say something rather blunt and I want to make sure you understand that you can never repeat what you are about to hear." I nodded. "I would never encourage a student to have sex. That is against school policy," she paused and bit her lip for a second, "but you're an adult and can make that decision for yourself." She paused again and let out a small moan. "As your therapist I am going to tell you that it is very bad to withhold sex from yourself. It is effecting your behavior and your," she paused and looked as if she just had a very small orgasm, "performance."

"So are you saying I should fuck before things get any worse?" I asked rather bluntly. She nodded. "So for me to perform better I need to fuck?" I asked just to tease her. She nodded again. "Is that something, that as my therapist, you can help me with?"

"Oh god I can't," she moaned.

"But you said I am an adult," I said in a deep voice. "You said that is a choice I can make."

"Are you saying you want me to fuck you Steve?" Miss Hockersmith asked me looking at me square in the eyes.

"Are you asking me if I want to fuck you Lisa?" I asked throwing it back on her. She nodded. "I want to fuck you," I said. That must have been the key.

She stood up and I could tell her skirt was pulled up to her hip. She walked out from behind her desk and undid the bun in her hair letting it fall down to the small of her back. She then undid her suit jacket and tossed it onto her office chair followed by her blouse. Her breasts were held back by a black lacy bra and were begging for release. I could see her nipples poking and stretching the thin fabric just asking to be sucked. She undid the side zipper of her skirt next and let it fall to the ground. She was wearing a black lacy thong and a pair of thigh-high stockings clipped to her garter belt that matched her thong and bra. She took a step closer to me. I could smell the sex on her and wordlessly hooked my fingers in the string of her thong and slid it down her legs. I stood up a leaned in to kiss her. She stopped me by placing her hand over my mouth.

"This is about you getting your release," she said, "I am doing this as your therapist to help you get better."

I laughed to myself. 'What ever you need to tell yourself sister,' I said internally.

I undid my belt and let my pants fall to my knees. I wasn't wearing boxers that day and Miss Hockersmith let out a gasp as she saw my dick spring free. I reached down and gave it a few quick pumps in order to make it hard.

I then told Miss Hockersmith to turn around and put her hands on her desk. I slid the tip of my dick the length of her pussy. The small amount of hair she had which was trimmed into a square was a new feeling. Almost all the girls I fucked were now waxing their pussies. I wasn't complaining, it was just different. I made sure to rub my dick against her clit which caused her to let out a deep moan. It was pretty loud which worried me.

"Sound proof. Remember?" She said. "Now fuck me."

I did as I was ordered and slid my dick into her pussy. She wasn't as tight as any of the girls my age, but it was still a pleasant feeling. I had so much pent up sexual energy that I didn't last long. Apparently Miss Hockersmith was just as close to the edge.

"I always scream when I cum," she said as I pounded into her from behind. "So when I am ready I am going to put your hand over my mouth. This room is sound proof, but a loud scream will be heard for sure." She then let out a grunt as I buried myself as deep as I could. "Oh yeah. Just like that." I pounded in again this time with more force. She grunted again. "Yes!" She cried out trying to temper her volume. I kept up the forceful thrusts and started to near my orgasm. She quickly grabbed my hand and pulled it over her mouth. I pulled back and kept it clamped against her face. I could feel her scream. It was barely audible to my ears, but I felt the warmth of her breath and the wetness of her mouth against my hand as she screamed and grunted with every thrust.

"I'm close," I said as I felt my balls tighten.

Without a word Miss Hockersmith spun around and engulfed my dick. As I looked down at one of the school staff, at least ten years older than I was, sucking on my cock I made sure to remember this moment for the rest of my life. I then blew my load deep in the throat of my first older woman. Well, older than Ashley at least.

When I finished Miss Hockersmith stood up. "That is the most cum I have ever swallowed. You must have been frustrated," she said as she wiped a few dribbles from her chin.

"Some kind of therapy," I said, "I feel better already." I laughed.

"Me too," she said with a satisfied look.

I pulled my pants back up and tucked my dick into my pants after I dried it off with a napkin. As I buttoned up my shirt Miss Hockersmith started to speak as she too gathered up her clothing.

"I hope you understand the need for discretion here Mister Smith," she said in a stern but warm voice.

"I understand Miss Hockersmith," I then made the cheesy lock and key motion sealing my lips closed.

"Once you are ready you can let yourself out. Use the back door of the office into Hallway B." She then flopped down on her desk still half naked. "I need a moment to recover. I too haven't been getting laid as much as I wished."

"I find that hard to believe," I said. "A beautiful woman like you should have no trouble finding the right guy to satisfy your needs."

"That's the problem," she said in a huff. "I can never seem to find the right guy," she paused, "or one that will satisfy my needs." A look of disappointment washed over her face and she slouched back in her chair. Her breasts were will red and flush from her orgasm. "Not everyone has their own harem of nubile young lovers Steve," she said as she gave me a wink.

"I have found that if you open yourself to the energies of the universe, and find your inner balance, that the universe will speak back to you and you will truly understand what your needs are," I paused, "Only then do I find I am capable of honest satisfaction." She looked at me with wide-eyed disbelief. "When you are ready your love will find you," I said wrapping up my point.

"And now who is giving who therapy?" She said with a laugh.

"Anyway, what about Dr. Akers?" I asked. "He's in his early thirties, single, coaches the baseball team. He's tall, dark, trim, smart, and always checking out your ass as you walk by." Okay, so I made that last part up, but she did have a very nice ass and anything with a dick, and maybe even a few things with boobs, were not going to miss a chance to check out her ass.

She just sat there in thought obviously pondering what I had said. I excused myself and made sure no one was in the back part of the office before walking the short distance to the rear door.

+++

"Go!" I screamed from my spot at the side of the pool. "This is your race!" I kept screaming. Summer pulled into the lead. I could see her looking at me each time she breathed. I timed my cheers with her breaths. "YOU GOT HER!" I yelled at the top of my lungs. "YES!" I screamed and jumped in the air as she hit the wall.

When Summer got out of the pool she was out of breath. "How did I do?" She asked with a short shallow breath between every word.

I just walked up and picked her up by her waist and held her in the air. "First place!" I exclaimed. "Beat your personal best by a full second." I then put her back on the deck. The rest of the girls' team came running over.

"Smith!" I heard coach yell. "Get ready. You're up."

'Oh shit!' I said internally. I quickly shed my deck suit pants, threw on my goggles and stepped up to the block. Summer and I both swam butterfly. Girls always went first which meant I swam right after her.

"On your mark!" I heard the official say as I reached down for the lip of the block.

There is a moment every competitive swimmer waits for. It isn't the sound of the gun or the chirp of the timer, it is the flash of the strobe when the official hits the button. I watched the water in front of me for that tell tail sign the race had begun. When I saw it I launched myself into the air.

With every stroke I could see the wall getting closer and closer. On my first turn I saw no one beside me. As I took my breaths I saw Summer and my coach cheering me on. On lap two I knew I was in the lead. Some people might back off but not me. Having the lead meant no pressure to win. It meant it was just me and the clock. The only pressure I felt was my own. The only thing I had to worry about was myself.

On the home stretch into the wall for the final time I exploded forward into the wall driving my fingertips into the timing mat. I had gotten so good at that move that on a number of occasions I had dislocated or in a few instances actually broken one of my fingers. I felt a lightening bolt of pain rocket out of my right middle finger. 'No pain, no gain,' I thought trying to block it out of my system.
