 It had been just over 7 months since Robert claimed me in the prayer room. I was now happily married to Robert and very pregnant. Robert impregnated me the night of the prayer room but we have continued to fuck more than 3 times a day since. Robert has matched my insatiable appetite for sex and perversion. 

Robert bought a house outside of the city that provided a lot of privacy due to the vast land surrounding the house. We married within the week and I finally told my family. My family was not happy and I broke off contact with them. I was happy to have my freedom and my new life with Robert. He was the best thing to ever happen to me and I am now free to discover my true self. Robert has shown the depths of his love for me and he continues to do so. 

Due to my pregnancy, I have started working from home. But my hormones have been driving me crazy and I seem to be constantly horny with my sex drive like never before. It is an even bigger problem that I have to spend hours away from Robert during the day. I was watching some pregnancy porn where a black pregnant woman was getting fucked by a delivery man. It was a hot scene and I was playing with my tits. My tits had swelled up in the last 7 months and were now at least two cup sizes larger 36ff. I was squeezing my big tits and pinching my nipples as this fat pregnant woman was being bent over a table and fucked from behind. I had recently become obsessed with pregnancy sex and my porn habits seemed to be fixed on this. All of a sudden I felt something wet on my fingertips. It felt odd, I looked down and noticed a few drops of a white liquid leaking from my tits and it dawned on me that I was lactating. I immediately lifted my nipple to my mouth and sucked a few more droplets. I quickly took a snap and sent it to Robert with the caption, "Guess what is in my mouth? I will give you a clue. It is not just my nipple."

Robert had a fascination with pregnant women. He had never had children before and this was the first time he was with a pregnant woman. He loved the feel of my belly and my extra pregnancy fat. He was obsessed with my tits. He would nurse on them for hours every night. He never seemed to grow tired of fucking. We could fuck for hours and he would still have energy for more. We often watched porn together for new perversions. He always made me feel wanted and he was happy to explore all of my perversions.

I was waiting for Robert's reply when I all of a sudden heard the door open. Our house secluded and only Robert had a key to the house. The office was 40 minutes away but he seemed to have made it back in 20 minutes. The picture seemed to have had the desired effect. He came into the bedroom and did not speak a word to me. He immediately attacked my breasts. I stopped wearing bras as my breasts were expanding almost daily and I could not keep up with bras. It was one of the reasons I moved to working from home. I wanted to be able to wear as little as possible. Most days like today I only wore a t shirt. 

Robert almost tore my t shirt as he tried to get to my breasts. He rested his head in my lap as he fed on my nipple. I stroked his hair and said, "That's a good boy. Drink mama's milk." It felt so good. I could feel some milk come out in droplets as he sucked intensively. I was so incredibly horny. My pussy was burning hot. I moved his other hand to my left breast and encouraged him to play with it. He did not need a second invitation. He ferociously attacked both breasts and alternated the sucking between the two breasts. I moaned, "That is it baby. Suck mama's tits. Drink that precious milk. It is all for you." 

I saw his erect cock constrained within his trousers. I began loosening the belt and unbuttoning the trousers. I pulled his cock out of his boxers and it felt so hot. It was leaking pre-cum already. I started spreading it over the head of his cock. I felt my nipples begin to dry up and I knew that there was no more milk left, "baby you have been good drinking all of mama's milk. But it is all finished. She needs to make more for you. But now mama needs to drink her own milk." 

With that I moved his head away from my breasts. He let go of my breasts with extreme reluctance. I moved over to his large cock and took it in my mouth. It felt so hot and hard. It was making me so horny. I placed my cunt across his face and he immediately dived right in. I moaned onto his cock as I felt his tongue enter my wet juicy cunt. Ever since I became pregnant my pussy was always extremely wet. I would not just get moist or wet I would get extremely wet like a flood of water leaving my pussy. I could just imagine his face being drenched with my juices. I needed his cum so bad I was pumping the base of his cock while I was deep throating him. I was hungry for his cum. I began massaging his balls as my saliva was running down his fat cock and to his balls. I began thrusting his cock into my mouth faster. I could feel his balls tightening. I knew he was getting close. My ass was bouncing up and down on his face as his tongue was attacking my clit. I was gagging on his fat cock, "ugghhhhh."

I felt his cock head bulge in my mouth. A tell-tale sign he was going to cum. Then I felt his cum hit the back of my throat. As his cum hit the back of my throat I came instantly. When I cum now I tend to have a really heavy orgasm and I lose control of some bodily functions. I end up pissing when I cum and I felt myself go again. Robert accepted this as a new perversion and he did what was necessary to make me happy.

After I came, I went over to him and kissed him deeply to share the taste of our bodily fluids with each other. I moved down to rest on his chest as we recovered from our orgasms.

I said as we were recovering, "I want you with me all the time."

He seemed to be in a contemplative mood, "I will be soon enough. I am selling the company."

This took me by surprise. I knew I was being selfish because he has a company to run. I asked confused, "why? That is not what I wanted."

He explained, "I have been thinking about this since we first came together. I don't have the interest in the business anymore. In the last two years the only reason I would turn up to work was to see you and spend time with you. Now I have you, I have no interest in the company. All I want is you. I have indicated my intention to sell to our clients. I have had one offer from a competitor of $500million."

I was shocked, "I know you love me but you built this company from the bottom up. You shouldn't just give it up." 

He seemed resolute, "I am 40 and I always wanted to retire early. I want to spend the next few years at least with you and our new family."

I just hugged him tightly. His love knew no bounds. 

That night as we were watching 'preggo' porn in bed we were kissing when a gangbang scene came on the screen. A pregnant woman was surrounded by a gang of bikers. There must have been about 7. She has 2 cocks in her hands while one of them is fucking her mouth and the other is pounding her from behind. The other bikers had their cocks in their hands with the pregnant woman being the centre of attention. My eyes were drawn to the screen and Robert noticed. He asked, "Are you liking this scene?"

My eyes were focused on the screen. My mind was engrossed in this scene. It was so hot. The idea of being the centre of attention for so many men was such a turn on. I did not hear the question. I then felt Robert's hand move towards my pussy, "your cunt is on fire. This scene must really be turning you on."

The touch of his hand on my cunt seemed to break me out of my trance for a moment. I grabbed Robert's cock and pushed him on his back. I got on top of him and I slid on top of his cock. My cunt was now accustomed to his large cock. I started riding furiously. That scene had got me so hot. I could feel my tits getting heavy and milk leak out on to Robert's chest. I stopped him from touching them. I needed to cum desperately. I rode faster and faster until I screamed out in ecstasy. I squirted as I came.

I rolled over exhausted. He was covered in my milk and cum. I apologised, "I am sorry. I don't know what came over me. I just needed to cum."

He knowingly asked, "Do you think it was the scene we just saw?"

I was normally confident about my perversions but this one made me shy. I knew Robert was possessive but I was always honest with him. I shyly replied, "I think so. I only want you but the idea of being desired by multiple men just turned me on. But I want you to know that I will only ever want you."

He smirked, "I know Fariya baby. I know it turned you on. One day I will make even this fantasy cum true. I live to fulfill your desires."

I smiled, "what did I ever do to deserve you? You are my Allah."

We fell asleep in each other's arms. That week passed as normal. Robert told me on Friday that on Saturday we were expecting some clients at the house. He had known them since college and they were close friends of his. 

Robert told me to wear my niqab and hijab with clothing that provided full coverage. He explained that they had all worked together in Saudi Arabia and his two friends were fascinated by Muslim women. I wore a white hijab and niqab. My old clothing did not fit me any longer. I wore one of my newer maternity dresses that provided almost total coverage. It was a black dress and the contrast with my headwear was nice. It was sexy that Robert was showing me off to his friends. Robert explained that they were just coming over to discuss the sale of the business and old times.

I cooked some traditional Muslim dishes for them. Robert seemed pleased with my efforts to please him and that is all that mattered to me, pleasing him.

They arrived at 8.00pm. Robert introduced me to Lee and Michael. Lee was Asian and around the same age as Robert but Michael seemed a bit older at around 55-60. Robert had warned me that Michael can be a flirty and handsy and to just go with it. He was an old friend and Robert liked to keep him happy.

I went in the kitchen and brought out some beers for the boys. They were talking about old times when I came out with the drinks. Michael was constantly staring at me. I was not much to look at in my pregnant state but his eyes had a sexual interest. I passed the beers to the boys and Michael let his fingers linger over mine as I passed him the beer. I looked at Robert and he seemed to signal it was fine.

Michael then said, "I can see why you settled for this one Robbie. She is a sexy little lady and you already knocked her up." Robert and Lee laughed.

Robert added, "She truly is a sexy lady. A lady no man can resist".

I blushed and took a seat. Robert was sat next to Michael on the couch and Lee was sat on the lazy boy chair. Robert signalled for me to sit between him and Michael. There was not much space and I squeezed in between them. I was leaning more towards Robert but I was practically on both their laps. They had a lot of space on the sides but they seemed to be deliberately creating as little space as possible.

The topic of conversation seemed to stay on me, as I heard Lee join the conversation, "Robbie loved Muslim girls in Saudi Arabia but he was too afraid to try anything. You don't know what might be chopped off over there, if you break a rule." The boys started laughing again. I burned with jealous rage at the thought of Robert looking at other women. 

Michael asked, "How did you two meet?" As he asked the question I felt the outside of his hand against my thigh. Due to the tight space I put this down to innocent touching and Robert had told me to be relaxed about any flirting or touching from Michael so I was not going to raise it as an issue. Robert answered, "She is one of our top analysts at the company. I fell for her the first day I saw her."

Lee laughed, "You have gone soft. I remember when you had a different girl every week."

Robert asked me to get some more beers. I did not like this talk about Robert with other women. As I was gathering the beers, Robert joined me in the kitchen. I was annoyed and I knew he could sense it. He came up close to me and turned me around me.

He looked me in the eyes and he said, "I am sorry about all this chat about other women. You are the only one I chose to share my life with. Tonight is about making your fantasy cum true. I trust these two and they are the only ones I would allow this to happen with. Don't resist when Michael touches you. I have given him and Lee permission to touch you for now."

I had nothing to say but "I love you."

I picked up the beers and Robert took out a bucket of ice with more beers. As I came out I could see Michael looking more intensely at me, almost as if he knew that Robert had asked me to allow them to touch me. I was thrilled at the prospect. My pussy was on fire. I was not wearing a bra but I chose a string thong. It was not much use against the current condition of my pussy. I could hear my pussy squish with every step. I was so horny.

As I passed Michael his beer he seemed restrained as he did not have any lingering touches. I was almost disappointed. It was Lee this time that seemed to keep a lingering touch on my fingers. The minor touching was causing the sexual tension to rise.

Robert again signalled for me to sit between him and Michael. This time as I sat down Michael kept his hand on the couch and my ass fell straight on it. It felt uncomfortable but I did not protest. I asked Robert to do this and he was doing this for me. Michael was lecherous but being desired by these men was turning me on.

He initially kept his hand still on my ass cheek. He then moved the discussion to business, "let me get the business side out of the way. I and Lee want to buy the company. We are friends here so tell me what you want."

Robert seemed surprised, "I didn't think you guys wanted the company. I already have an offer of $500million. If you guys match it, then it is yours."

Michael got straight to the point as his hand began groping my ass more aggressively, "the company is worth twice that. I will pay you $1billion for the business so we can settle that and move onto more important things. How many times do you fuck this hot piece of ass a day?" As he was saying that his hand moved between my ass cheeks and he was slowly rubbing my pussy while his thumb was massaging my asshole."

Robert and Lee almost choked on their beer as they struggled to contain the laughter. Robert replied, "Business is sorted. The company is sold. We fuck 3-5 times a day. This girl is my very own Viagra."

I could feel Michael trying to insert two fingers into cunt. Only my dress and thong preventing him.

Robert then asked, "Fariya can you pick up some more beers from the ice bucket for us."

I got up on his command. As I bent over, Robert lifted my loose dress to show Michael and Lee my fat ass and thong. They both groaned in admiration. 

I handed them both the beers. As I went back to sit down, Robert lifted my dress as I sat down on Michael's hand again. His hand was now in between my two fat ass cheeks and only my thong was keeping his fingers from my wet dripping pussy.

Michael continued to rub my pussy as he said, "If I had a girl like this. I would not keep my hands off her. My hands would be on her constantly." As he said this his fingers moved my thong to the side and he had clear access to my wet dripping cunt. He gently eased one finger in and was slowly finger fucking me as Lee said, "Michael you old pervert. On the other hand I don't think any man could resist a girl this sexy. When I was in Jeddah, I found it so sexy watching the body movements of Muslim women as they prayed."

This reminded me of my first time with Robert and I often prayed naked for Robert nightly. As Lee mentioned this an involuntary moan escaped my lips, "mmmm." Michael was moving his fingers deeper and deeper in my pussy. My pussy must have soaked his entire hand. He was using his other hand to rest the cold beer against my nipples. The boys knew what was going on but it was the nonchalant attitude and feigned ignorance that added to my arousal.

Michael then added, "A girl like you Fariya praying would be a holy sight. Those mammoth tits hanging from your body. Your big ass bending over. I would not be able to control myself if you prayed in front of me, naked." As he said this, his fingers moved faster and faster fucking my cunt. I could only moan in response to his comments, "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm". The beer bottle tilted and beer spilt onto my dress around my breasts. Michael being the pervert he is did not miss the opportunity to grope my breasts as he wiped the beer from my dress. Even this felt so exquisite and I just wanted him to suck my milky tits, "hmmmmm".

Robert then added, "Our first time was as Fariya was praying. Her body was amazing as she did all the bends. I ended up stripping her and fucking her in the prayer room at work. I could not resist. She prays in front of me daily now. Sometimes naked. Trust me boys, that is a whole new pleasure."

Lee and Michael were both shocked. It finally hit them that tonight might be more than a little touching of Robert's new wife. Michael had been fingering my pussy and my orgasm was building. He all of a sudden stopped and pulled his hand out. I was disappointed. He brought his fingers up to his lips and slowly licked my juices off his fingers as he was staring at my tits. He then brazenly placed a hand on my tits with all pretence gone. He started feeling the shape of my breasts and gave them a gentle squeeze.

Lee then added, "It has always been a fantasy of mine to see a Muslim girl pray naked."

I was so horny from Michael's touching of my pussy and tits that I quickly interjected, "maybe tonight that fantasy will come true."

Robert looked at me and gave me a nod of approval. As he did this I got up from my seat and picked up the prayer rug from the corner of the room. 

I was fully dressed as I started praying for the boys. I started by raising my hands and saying "Allah u Akbar." I could see the boys staring at my tits as I raised my hands and they continued the focus on my tits as I was looking at their crotches.

Robert then ordered, "Take off your dress." I opened the buttons and as it was a loose fitting dress it fell to the floor. The boys were in awe as my mammoth tits came into view. They could not take their eyes off the sight. My pregnant belly was large and you could only make out the bottom of my thong which was soaked thanks to Michael's attention and the sexually charged atmosphere in the room. I bent forward and my tits were hanging loose in front of me, I looked up and they were still fully dressed.

As I got back up from my bending position, instead of saying "Allah u Akbar" I said "show me your cocks."

I was focused on their cocks as they slowly undid their belts and unbuttoned the slacks. I felt my pussy growing wetter with the anticipation. They appeared to be moving slowly in an attempt to tease me. The cocks finally came into view and my pussy released a flood of juice that went down my leg onto the prayer rug. I was so horny looking at the cocks that I could not focus on my prayer. My hands immediately went to my pussy. I spread my legs wider and I rubbed my pussy through my thong. Michael's cock was smaller than Robert's but it was around 7 inches and Lee's cock was around 5 inches. They all started masturbating as they watched me. This turned me on so much more.

I stopped rubbing my pussy as I knew there was still time for that. I had to continue praying and I went to my knees. I could not resist any longer, "please give me your cocks."

As I uttered the words, Robert gave his permission for Lee and Michael to fuck me. They both walked to me with their cocks hard and precum dripping on to the floor. They brought their beers with them.
