 I'm in my late twenties, now, and I'm married, for the second time. But when my wife isn't around, I still like to masturbate. I think my masturbation habit developed after my divorce, when I didn't get to fuck as regularly as I like. 

When I play with my cock I usually think about having sex with women. As I stroke and fondle my penis I think about sucking erect nipples and licking wet pussies and about having my cock sucked by horny nude sluts. I make myself have an orgasm by thinking about sticking my penis into wet, ready vaginas, fucking like a goat until I made my imaginary nasty naked girls cum.

But a funny thing happened to me after that divorce. Ever since then, when I jack off I find myself thinking about having sex with men. While I fantasize about sliding my penis into a warm, slippery cunt, suddenly the thought of sucking a hard cock at the same time comes up, and I get really, really aroused. Sometimes I work my finger up into my anus while I masturbate. I imagine myself fucking a guy in the asshole, playing with his erect, throbbing cock. In my fantasy a naked girl watches us and plays with her clit and gives me her pussy to lick. Masturbation daydreams like this make me so horny that I often orgasm right then and there, squirting hot, thick, white cum all over my bed or the shower.

And a while ago, shortly after the divorce, I met a couple who made these dreams come true.

I met them running in the park. I just happened to be running behind this couple on the trail, and they really caught my eye. They were obviously experienced runners. It showed; her butt was tight and sweet under her cute little shorts. I slowed down to run behind them so I could watch her ass crack switch back and forth under the tight, smooth cloth. The cheeks of her round, hard little butt pumped and flexed as she ran. There was just enough fat on her ass that her ass cheeks jiggled a little with each step. My ex-wife had an ass like that. I thought about my ex-wife's ass. I wondered if this girl's ass, naked, looked like my ex-wife's ass, naked. I started getting an erection as I ran.

Then those new tendencies popped up. I started to notice that the guy's butt was nice, too. I found myself thinking nasty thoughts about his asshole and penis. I wondered if he was wearing a jock strap or if his cock was bouncing as he ran. My erection stirred as I watched the two of them move. 

I ran up alongside them. She had blonde hair tied back in a ponytail. She was wearing little blue running shorts and a tight white sleeveless T-shirt over a sports bra. Her round, full breasts bounced just deliciously when she ran. She had bigger tits than my ex-wife. I couldn't help but stare. She smiled at me. She seemed to like having her tits looked at. 

I struck up a conversation, which continued throughout the run. She kept smiling over at me as we talked. She had big brown eyes. A friend of mine once called the look a girl gives you when she wants you "the Fuck Look". All through the run she kept giving me the Fuck Look. 

He was a nice looking guy, very smiley and buff. They told me right away that they were married, but with as she kept looking at me with those hot eyes, I started to wonder what their relationship really was. When we got to the end of the run they invited me over to their place for dinner. 

When I got to their apartment she answered the door in a bathrobe. Her hair was wet. She told me she had just showered. I pictured her naked in the shower, and my cock throbbed a little. Her husband came in, and we shook hands and said "hi".

Dinner was delicious: some kind of chicken with rice, with a sort of chocolate mousse pie for desert. They had a great red wine, and we all drank a lot of it.. During dinner she kept giving me the Fuck Look. Her robe was open enough that I could see the full swell of her beautiful breasts. I couldn't help but stare. Every time she caught me looking at her tits, she smiled. With the Fuck Smile. Her eyes smoldered with lust. I kept looking at her husband, but he didn't notice or didn't care.

After dinner we went into their living room. We sat around and drank wine and talked. She was still in her bathrobe. The way she sat curled up on the sofa made the robe ride up off her legs, and I could see a little sliver of her ass. Then she moved in a way that caused the robe to fall open in the front. I could see most of one breast, soft and full and round. I even saw the edge of her pinkish brown nipple. She was obviously completely naked under the robe. My cock was stiff in my pants.

We were all getting a little drunk. The conversation turned to sex. She told a dirty joke about King Kong's penis. I told another penis joke, then her husband did too. We all began joking and talking about fucking and sucking and tits and pussies and cocks and assholes. 

She told me they had a porn collection, and she asked me if I liked porn. I said "yes", of course. She asked me if I wanted to see some of it. "Yes, please." What else? I couldn't wait.

Her husband brought out some DVDs and put one in. It was an orgy movie, with about twenty naked men and women fingering and licking and sucking and fucking each other in every way possible. Girls were eating each other's cunts and sucking each other's tits and getting fucked in every hole by multiple men. Men were wildly fucking the girls' pussies and mouths and asses and sucking each other's cocks and licking and fingering and fucking each other's assholes. Naked, writhing men and women were fucking and sucking and masturbating each other to orgasm all over the place. 

I was sitting next to her on the couch while we watched the porn. Her husband was on the her other side. I could feel the heat of her body through our clothes. Her breathing was getting harder and harder. She put her hand on my thigh and began softly stroking my leg as we watched.

A scene came up in the movie where a girl was getting fucked in the asshole. She was on her knees, masturbating herself as some guys took turns sodomizing her. Her fingers were rubbing and penetrating her wet pussy while stiff, bulging penises plunged in and out of her red, stretched anus. She was squirming and bucking with pleasure, wildly humping the hard cocks that went up her ass. Her naked body was glistening with the sweat of sexual excitement. 

"Do you guys ever do that?" I asked, jokingly. "Every day," she said, giggling. "Usually three or four times," he said. We all laughed.

Then the camera in the video panned to two men making love to each other. They were sixty-nining, sucking each other's hard dicks. Then one guy climbed on top of the other and lowered his asshole down over the other guy's stiff prick. First his erect penis was waving around as he humped his asshole on the other guy's cock, then the other guy began to masturbate him, stroking his penis as they fucked.

"Do you ever do that?" she asked. "I'd like to," I said. "I would too." he said. "I'd like to watch," she murmered. My heart was beating hard. 

She was panting softly now, her body moving against me in a steady, sensual rhythm. As we watched the people fuck, she began stroking my leg, higher and higher, until she was softly bumping her hand against the tip of my erection through my pants. I glanced over at them. Her husband had his hand under her robe between her legs. It looked like he was rubbing her there in rhythm with the movements of her pelvis. He was finger-fucking her pussy right there in front of me. And she was enjoying it. Her hand was stroking right across the head of my penis by this time. She masturbated me through my pants with one hand. Then she slipped her other hand into her robe and began playing with her breast and nipple under the soft cloth.

Her husband slid her bathrobe off her other breast. He leaned over and started sucking it, squeezing it and kissing her nipple. She was moaning softly. She leaned up to me and kissed me hard on the mouth. Her tongue slid deep into my mouth, and mine into hers. We licked each other's tongues. She slid the rest of her bathrobe off her tit and put my hand against her big, soft, full breast. As I caressed and squeezed her nipple she leaned back and a shudder of ecstasy ran through her. Her husband's hand was working her under the bathrobe, stroking and fondling her vagina.

She suddenly got up and shifted her position, lowering herself onto her husband's lap. "Oh, oh, oh my God!" she moaned. I hadn't noticed until now that his pants were around his ankles. His penis was naked. She had just sat on his cock. She began fucking herself on him, moving her body up and down on his penis, gasping and moaning. His hand was between her legs, stroking her clitoris as they fucked. Her robe had fallen off both of her tits. They were gloriously naked, round and soft and full. Her nipples were stiff with excitement. She was caressing herself, squeezing her breasts and pulling on her nipples. 

I got up and slid off my pants. My erect dick was throbbing with excitement. I moved over and brushed the tip of my cock against her face. She immediately took my penis in her hand, opened her mouth wide, and slid her warm, moist lips over the head of my dick. She stroked my dick head with her tongue and lips, looking up at me, her eyes half closed with sexual excitement.. She took my penis out of her mouth for a moment and said, with a soft smile, Yum." 

She wiggled her bathrobe all the way off. Totally naked, her body glistening with the sweat of her sexual heat, she began to stroke and suck my erect dick in rhythm with her fucking. 

Her husband was masturbating her steadily as she worked her pussy up and down on his cock. She moaned and panted harder and harder. She was sucking my penis so hard it almost hurt. Then she took my prick out of her mouth again and looked up at me pleadingly. 

"Lick me, please," she said softly, her voice thick and heavy with sex. 

I got down on my knees in front of them and looked at his big, throbbing cock sliding in and out of her wet, naked pussy. His penis was dripping with her vaginal secretions. Her cunt was quivering and spasming with pleasure as he fucked it. It looked so delicious! I had to taste it. I buried my face in her wet crotch and rubbed my lips and tongue against their genitals. I licked her pussy lips and his hard penis shaft and her swollen, excited clitoris. Her vagina was hot and fragrant and dripping. Her clitoris felt electric against my tongue. His penis and her cunt lips and her hot, erect, clit throbbed and pulsed against my lips and mouth and face. I rubbed my hard cock against her leg as I licked and kissed and tasted their sex organs.

Suddenly she shouted and writhed. "Oh fuck! Oh God! Oh fuck! Oh my God!" She jerked and spasmed as orgasm after orgasm shook her body. Her pussy suddenly became very wet against my face. I licked harder and she shrieked with pleasure, then pulled my face away. Then, a moment later, she pushed my mouth back into her crotch. Her husband was still fucking her steadily. I licked her to another orgasm and she moaned and spasmed again and pulled me away. When she pushed my face back into her crotch I began licking her again, but her husband's penis slipped out of her quivering vagina and right into my mouth. I loved it! I moved my lips over the hot head of his penis, then took his cock deep into my mouth. She was moving her hips feverishly, gasping and whining with excitement, trying to find his penis as I sucked it. I slipped his cock out of my mouth and pushed it back into her vagina with my lips. She let out a little cry of pleasure and began fucking again. 

Together we worked her clit and pussy to several more orgasms. Every now and then, as he fucked her and I licked her, he'd let his penis slip out into my mouth and I'd suck his cock for a little while before putting it back into her vagina. 

Her orgasms were getting softer and softer. Then he grunted and moaned. I felt his testicles tighten against my face. I felt his penis throb hard and his hips quivered under my hands. His cock and her pussy became very wet against my mouth, and I smelled and tasted the unmistakeable yeasty, saltiness of sperm. His cum ran out of her orgasming pussy, down his cock and onto my face and mouth and tongue. And as I licked up his orgasm, she came again, harder than she had all night. She screamed with pleasure. Her pussy clenched and spasmed and her sex juice oozed out of her vagina to mingle with his sperm in my mouth. 

They humped and squirmed against each other for a little while as I licked them. Then his cock got softer and softer, and their movements got gentler and gentler until finally they lay still together and his wet, limp penis slipped out of her. I wasn't licking them now. I just watched them. Snuggled naked against each other, they kind of sank down in a heap on the couch and fell sound asleep. 

I looked at them and softly fondled my dick. They looked so pretty, so cute, somehow, tangled naked together asleep like. The only problem was, I hadn't had an orgasm yet. My penis was hard as rock and I was horny as hell. I went into the kitchen and got some chicken and pie and a glass of wine. I liked walking around their apartment naked, with an erection. 

The TV was still on. The DVD player had been on all this time, but the porn movie had long since run out, and the movie intro was playing and re-playing on the screen. I found the remote by the couch, turned the sound down, and searched the scenes until I found the one we had been watching when we started to fuck. I sat down in front of the couch, pushed play, and as I watched the people fuck I ate and masturbated. After I finished the food and wine I just masturbated.

After a while I heard the couple stir. She stretched and got up to go to the bathroom. She stroked my shoulders as she walked by me, and looked down at my cock. "Nice." she said.

I heard her take a shower. When she came back she sat down beside me. She smelled good. Her hair was up in a towel, but the rest of her was naked. 

"It seems like a waste," she said, "A nice, hard penis like that, all alone." She leaned into my lap and took my cock in her mouth. Her stiff, tingling nipples brushed against my leg as she sucked me. 

She played with my dick. I heard him get up and go to the bathroom. He took a shower too. Then he came back, naked also, his cock very erect. She was kneeling on all fours, sucking my dick. He knelt down behind her and slid his penis up into her pussy from behind. 

He fucked her for a while. It was distracting her from sucking my cock. She kept stopping to have little sex spasms. Finally she turned around to him and said, "Bring that thing over here." He pulled his prick out of her. He came and straddled my legs. I was laying down by this time. He rubbed the tip of his penis against the head of my cock. Then he took both of our penises in his hands and masurbated himself against my dick, squeezing and caressing our erections together. His penis was dripping wet with her sex juice. Mine was wet with her spit. Our slippery cocks rubbed against each other deliciously as he jacked us off. She licked and kissed our dick heads as he fondled them. Then she lifted her ass up over us and lowered her wet cunt onto our penises. She tried to get both of them into her pussy at once, but her vagina was too small, and she finally satisfied herself with rubbing her clit and pussy lips against the heads of our cocks. Every now and then the head of one of our penises would pop into her cunt and she would cry out with pleasure and we would all laugh.

Finally she stopped. "I want to watch you fuck." she whispered, looking back and forth from her husband to me. She looked at me, then at her husband. "He really does love sex with men sometimes," she said. My heart leapt, and my cock got suddenly even stiffer.

We all stood up. She took my hand and led me to the bedroom. He walked in behind us. He stroked my butt as he followed, squeezing my butt cheek and running his fingers up and down the crack of my ass. 

They had a big king sized double bed. She by the bed and stood facing us, so sweetly naked. She stroked her body up and down, caressing her big breasts and pressing her fingers into her wet slit. Her tits were so tasty looking; full and round; her big, stiff nipples were sticking out with excitement. 

I glanced at his cock. It was was standing up stiff. Mine was throbbing, it was so hard. I couldn't resist her nipples. I reached out and gently took them between my fingers and played with them, squeezing and pinching and pulling them. She smiled and kissed me, rubbing and pressing my erect dick. 

Then she turned to him. She took his penis in her hand and pressed it. He kissed her, squeezing and caressing her naked breasts and ass, and she kissed him back. It was so delicious to see their nude bodies together. Then she kissed down his body, rubbing her tits against him, until she got to his cock. She nuzzled his erect penis for a minute, then took the head of it in her mouth. She knelt in front of him. Her hand was between her legs. She masturbated as she sucked his cock. Then she reached up between his legs and stroked his testicles and ass. At one point he gasped, as she slid her finger in and out of his asshole while she sucked him. I was masturbating too. 

She stood up, took his hand, and put it against her pussy. As he stroked her wet cunt, she leaned over and whispered something to him. He laid down on the bed, smiling, and opened his legs. His cock was completely erect; red and throbbing. The veins were standing out on the sides of his penis, and his dick head was swollen and shiny with erection. She climbed on top of him and lowered her vagina onto his face. She laid down on his body and worked her cunt against his mouth. As she rubbed her nipples against his belly, she took the head of his penis in her mouth, reached around his ass, and pulled his butt cheeks apart. She had moistened his asshole with her her sex juice, and it was wrinkled and shiny and open and wet. 

Suddenly she sat up and looked at me with a smile. "You need to be lubricated," she said. She turned and bent over and pressed her ass against my hard cock. Her cunt lips pushed out between her butt cheeks. She worked her wet vagina against my penis until my cock slid up into her. She moaned with delight. Her pussy was warm and soft and slippery. She twitched and gasped, and her cunt contracted in spasms around my dick. 

She gasped. "OK," she said, "That's enough. Your turn." She scrambled back onto the bed beside her husband and began playing with herself. 

I knew what she wanted me to do. I lowered myself over his naked body and pressed the head of my cock against his anus. He moaned and pushed himself against me. I pressed gently, then harder, until the head of my penis slid slowly up into his ass. His rectum was warm and soft and wet and very tight against my excited penis. I penetrated all the way into his rectum, then drew my penis out, then in again, building up a steady fucking rhythm. He was squirming and moaning with delight. She was kneeling on beside us on the bed, rubbing her clit as she watched us. I took his cock in my hand and stroked it as I fucked. I pumped his hot asshole harder and harder, until his body was shaking and twitching with excitement. 

Suddenly she jumped up and pushed my hand away and sat on him. She slid her vagina down over his penis and began working herself up and down on his cock. She was masturbating herself as she fucked. I could feel her fingers working against her clitoris while I pushed my dick into his hot, tasty little ass over and over again. 

Then he moaned: "Oh, shit! Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum right now!" Suddenly his asshole contracted and spasmed against my cock. I felt his testicles move and his penis stiffen as he squirted his orgasm into her. She screamed out, "Oh God! Oh God!", and her body shook and twisted. She cried out again and again as she wildly pressed and stroked and masturbated her clit. I felt my orgasm gathering in my testicles, then my balls and cock and ass filled with the sweetest sexual pleasure and I squirted stream after stream of sperm deep up into his hot rectum.
