 Hippie Hollow is the only "official" clothing-optional public park in Texas. It's a narrow strip of land on the north shore of Lake Travis, 12 miles west of Austin in the Texas Hill Country, which has attracted naked swimmers and sunbathers since the 1950s. Most of the area is a steep hillside which drops abruptly to the rocky shoreline. The rugged tree-covered terrain makes the park seem much larger than its actual size. 

I paid the entrance fee and drove to the east end of the parking lot, far away from the attendant's booth. I removed my shorts and tank top and strapped on the army surplus web belt supporting my canteen and the pouches holding my car keys and supplies. After tightening the laces on my hiking boots, I started down the trail, passing the sign which read, "NOTICE! Nude swimming or sunbathing may be occurring beyond this point. Consult attendant for details of statutes regarding nudity."

Hippie Hollow has two main trails. The high trail skims the ridge, terminating at the chain link fence which separates the park from private land. Since it was National Nude Day, I decided to take the low trail, down near the water. 

The two west coves, where the rocks slope down into the water, were even more crowded with heterosexual nudists than usual for a beautiful sunny July day. I admired the bronzed bare male and female bodies as I walked along the trail. The shoreline grew more rugged as I continued east. Queen's Point, the east tip of the third cove, has 20-foot limestone cliffs. The heavily wooded hillside above Queen's Point is the best outdoor gay cruising area in Texas.

When I reached the end of the low trail at Queen's point, I saw that area was unusually crowded as well. Several men were looking down toward the water. I moved to the edge of the cliff to see what was happening. 

There was a naked girl standing on a rocky ledge just above the lake surface. Her head was tilted back and she was leaning against a rock as if she was posing for a photograph. She was obviously a college student in her early twenties, but she looked like a "Playboy" model. Her wind-tossed blonde hair was shoulder length and curled as if she'd just walked out of the beauty parlor. She had the most beautiful breasts I'd ever seen at Hippie Hollow. They were large and firm, almost perfectly conical, without a hint of sag. Her abundant nipples were a uniform dark brown. The rest of her body was full without having an ounce of extra weight. She had a slender waist, full hips, long muscular legs and smooth well-rounded buttocks. 

As I moved to get a better view, I realized she WAS posing. A boy her age was standing on the ledge with an elaborate camera. He was wearing a T-shirt and baggy shorts. "That's really hot Angela," I heard him say. "Bend forward a little and look straight towards me."

"Okay Bobby," she said, leaning toward him and cupping her breasts. "How's this?"

"Perfect," he answered, quickly snapping several shots. "Now put your hands down. Great!" He continued shooting and instructing her to move into various positions. She turned so her butt was facing the camera and he took several more pictures. I wondered if the photo session was just for their enjoyment or if they were going to submit the pictures to some contest.

Bobby shot an entire roll of film as Angela assumed various poses. After reloading the camera, he said "I'd like your nipples hard for the next series."

"Okay," she answered, moving her hands to her breasts. "I'll play with them."

"I have a better idea," he said, stepping forward and bending to kiss her breasts. My cock was stirring as I watched the action on the ledge below. I glanced at the other watching men. Several had erections. 

"That's perfect," Bobby finally said, moving away from Angela and bringing the camera up. "Now pinch them . . . Yeah, that's so hot . . . Pull on them . . . Good . . . Turn a little to the side, pull harder . . . Now the other way . . . You're so beautiful! . . . Lean back against the rock . . . a little more . . . arch your back . . . open your legs wider . . . Oh! That's dirty! . . . A little more . . . Yeah! Shit! I have to reload again."

While he worked on the camera, she put on a skin-tight blouse with short sleeves and a high neck. It was made of a filmy gray fabric which did nothing to hide her magnificent body. After he'd taken more pictures, he handed her a pair of translucent black panties. She did a reverse strip tease, gradually pulling the panties up, as he continued shooting. "I've only got a dozen shots left," he finally said. "Let's do the blue jeans." Angela continued the reverse strip. When Bobby had finished the roll, she was standing barefoot on the rocks, wearing skin tight jeans, the translucent blouse and a blue denim vest.

They disappeared from view. When I saw them again, they had climbed up to the rocks. Angela was wearing sneakers and Bobby had a small knapsack on his back. What they did next surprised me. Rather than taking the low trail, they began climbing the hill. As soon as they were hidden by the trees, I followed them.

When I was a third of the way up the hill, I heard giggling. Using the bushes for cover and moving as quietly as possible, I continued forward. Angela and Bobby were standing in a small clearing, about ten feet away from me. She had her hands on his hips and he was fondling her breasts through the sheer fabric of her blouse. They began French kissing. She wrapped her arms around his back and pulled his body to hers. He kneaded her buttocks as they ground their crotches together. 

My penis, already erect, grew even stiffer when she pulled her mouth away from his and growled seductively, "You've got something in your pants. I want to see it." She dropped to her knees, opened his baggy shorts and reached inside. His cock was slender but amazingly long, at least seven inches. It curved upward in a distinct arc and was crowned with a large mushroom head. 

Angela kissed the tip delicately, then ran her tongue down the shaft to Bobby's big swinging balls. His penis was visibly throbbing as she licked and sucked his testicles, taking one ball into her mouth, then the other and finally both. I wrapped my hand around my own cock, then took it away. I was so excited I was afraid I'd shoot within seconds if I started stroking myself. 

"God, Angela!" Bobby gasped. "It feels so good when you suck my nuts." She let his balls escape from her mouth and wrapped her lips around his cock head. He was moaning with pleasure and stroking her hair as she continued sucking him. "No more," he finally said, gently pulling away. He opened the knapsack, removed a thin blanket and spread it on the ground. They stripped quickly. A moment later, she was lying on her back with him straddling her hips, bending over to kiss her beautifully sculpted breasts. 

Several minutes later, he moved down her body and I gazed in awe at her swollen areolae and nipples. I realized I was slowly stroking my penis again, but decided I wasn't going to cum too quickly. Bobby opened Angela's legs, put his head between her spread thighs and started running his tongue up and down her already-swollen slit. 

I started to move sideways to get a better viewing angle and bumped into another man. I'd been so intent on watching the couple in the clearing, I hadn't even noticed him come up. A quick glance showed he was a handsome Hispanic, almost my height, with a long thick dick. 

Angela placed her fingers on either side of her vulva and pulled herself open. Bobby instantly plunged his tongue into her depths. "Oh Bobby," she whispered a few seconds later. "That's so good!" She seemed to be approaching orgasm rapidly, writhing on the blanket as Bobby continued eating her out. 

Suddenly, Angela propped herself up on one elbow and pointed directly at me and the Hispanic man. "You men come here," she commanded. "Come watch Bobby fuck me." She looked around the clearing. "The rest of you too," she added. "Come and get a good look." 

I hesitated for an instant. Was she angry or truly serious? Her excitement was unmistakable. Angela really was getting off at being watched. I dropped my web belt and took a step forward. The Hispanic man was frozen in place, so I grabbed his arm and pulled him along. We sank to our knees on the blanket, kneeling on either side of Angela's head. Several other men emerged from the shadows and formed a rough circle around the couple. 

Bobby was freaked out. He'd lifted his head from Angela's crotch and was looking around at all the men with a classic "deer in the headlights" expression. "Look what Bobby's done," Angela purred, lifting her legs to twist her pelvis upward and sliding two fingers into her pussy. She withdrew her fingers, gleaming with her juices, and held them up in the air. I caught her hand in mine and guided it to my lips. The slippery fluid was delicious. 

"I'm surrounded by cocks, but Bobby's is the best," Angela said. "Come on Bobby," she continued. "Show them what a great fucker you are."

He looked around the circle again. A sudden grin transformed his rather ordinary features into a devil mask. "Yeah, baby," he said. "I'm the luckiest man on earth." He guided his cock into position and took her with one smooth stroke. "What's it like, Angela?" he asked. "Tell the guys." 

"Oh God, Bobby!" she gasped, "Your big beautiful cock is all the way up my snatch and your balls are pressing against my pussy lips. You ate me until I was all hot and wet, then you drove your big pole and wide head right up me. Do you like the way I'm gripping your shaft? I know you do. Now work it, Bobby. Give me the nice hard fucking I need while all these men watch and beat their meat." 

"Yeah, guys," Bobby said as he began slowly thrusting into Angela's body. "I'll bet you wish you were sticking your pricks up Angela's sweet hot cunt, like I'm doing."

I was startled when Angela reached up, catching my penis with one hand and the Hispanic man's with the other. "I'm going to play with your cocks while I get the fucking of a lifetime," she whispered seductively. "Come on men," she continued, a little louder. "Feel me up while Bobby drives his big hard tool into my pussy."

I put my hand on the breast closest to me and began gently kneading it. It was firmer than any other breast I'd ever felt. Her already-swollen nipple was growing even harder under my palm. I pinched and twisted her nipple, gently at first, then more roughly. The Hispanic man was copying my every move. The other men began rubbing their hands over Angela's body. When one of them began caressing Bobby's thigh, Bobby firmly pushed it away. "I'm not into guys," he said. 

"Can I play with you?" a deep rich voice growled. The speaker was a tall muscular black woman with large breasts and broad thighs. I'd been so focused on Angela and Bobby, I hadn't seen her approach. Without waiting for an answer, the black "Amazon" planted a foot on either side of Angela's waist, put a large hand on the back of Bobby's head and pulled his face into her crotch. 

Several of the men turned their attention from Angela to Amazon, fondling her breasts and buttocks. "Yeah! That's right!" she exclaimed. "Feel me up while the white boy eats my pussy." She gasped and her body shook slightly. "Damn boy! You really do that good. You're almost as fine as my 'Stud' man!" A big black man, even taller and more muscular than Amazon, moved behind Bobby and began kissing Amazon passionately. 

Although sandwiched between the two beautiful blacks, Bobby continued plowing Angela's cunt and licking Amazon's snatch. He didn't seem to mind Stud's stiff cock pressing against his back. 

"Oh! Wow!" Angela gasped. She was almost delirious from the overwhelming sensations she was experiencing. "Oh Bobby! Oh! I'm going to cum!" Two of the masturbating men sprayed thick hot juice on her torso as she thrashed on the blanket. 

"I'll bet white boy's getting close, too," Amazon said. "Move over, Stud." She pulled away from Bobby's mouth and positioned herself behind him, pressing her breasts against his back and reaching between his legs. "Yeah, your balls are tight," she observed. "Shoot a big load in the white girl's tight little pussy." Bobby was ramming Angela frantically, obviously only a few thrusts away from climax." 

"No Bobby," Angela protested, glaring defiantly at Amazon. "Pull out and spray my tits. Really show them what you've got."

"You heard the lady," Amazon said, slapping Bobby's butt. The cracking sound of the impact was as loud as a pistol shot. "Get your nut, the way she wants you to give it up. Now!"

Cum burst from the head of Bobby's throbbing cock as he pulled it out of Angela's body. The first pulse struck Angela's face. The next three landed between her breasts. So far, he hadn't touched his penis. Now, he grabbed his shaft and began stroking frantically, spraying even more cream onto Angela's tits. Finally spent, he sank back into a kneeling position between Angela's thighs, gasping for breath. 

"Damn, that was a good show!" Amazon exclaimed, bending down to give Bobby a long open-mouth kiss. "You were good too, white girl!" she continued, planting an equally long and intense soul kiss on Angela. 

Amazon and Stud were the first to leave. The circle around Bobby and Angela dissolved and the men began drifting away. Several of them were wiping cum off their cocks. Surprisingly, neither the Hispanic man nor I had climaxed. He followed me as I went back to the edge of the clearing to retrieve my web belt. Bobby wiped the sticky juice off Angela's chest with the blanket. They dressed quickly, packed the blanket in the knapsack and left. I gawked at Angela's departing butt, once again encased in tight-fitting blue denim, as she and Bobby walked up the hill. Just before they disappeared into the trees, she turned and blew me a kiss. 

Suddenly realizing I was thirsty, I lifted the canteen and gulped water. The Hispanic man was watching me. "Want some?" I asked, holding the canteen out.

"Sure," he replied. "I've never seen anything like that before," he said when he'd finished drinking. "Have you?"

"Last year, I saw a man and woman fucking near here. A few guys were watching them and beating off, but it didn't get nearly as wild as this."

"Thanks for the water," he said. His erection had subsided, but I noticed his penis was stirring again. "My name's Enrique," he said, holding out his hand, "but I usually go by Henry."

"Hi, Henry," I responded, taking his hand. "I'm Ken." The slight physical contact caused my cock, which had only softened slightly, to snap to full attention. Henry was stiffening rapidly too. "That was quite a show, but I'll bet you really came for this," I said, wrapping my fingers around his swollen shaft." 

"You know I wasn't up here looking for girls," Henry responded, taking my penis in his hand and starting to stroke it. He was rubbing his thumb and index finger over my cock head, which was already slick with pre-cum, as he slowly moved his fingers up and down my shaft. He took my balls in his other hand, gently squeezing and relaxing his grip in time with his stroking my dick. 

Henry's uncircumcised cock was shorter than mine, but considerably thicker. I gripped his foreskin and rubbed it back and forth over his glans. 

"That's right, play with each other's cocks," a deep voice commanded. Henry and I spun around, startled. The man who had spoken was tall, at least 6'4", broad and muscular. His skin was tanned a uniform brown and he was bald on top with his dark hair trimmed extremely short on the sides. His thick cock was over eight inches long and he had gigantic balls, hanging a long way down from his body. 

Still holding each other's genitals, Henry and I approached the "Big Man." When we were about six feet away he said, "No. I just want to watch." Standing up the steep hill from Henry and me, his feet were two feet above ours and he towered over us like a giant. Although proportional to his body, Big Man's penis looked gigantic. It was already erect and standing out at a 45 degree angle from his body. 

Big Man looked directly at Henry. "Get down on your knees and suck that man's cock," he commanded. As he spoke, he wrapped a huge hand around his massive rod and started stroking. His fingers didn't quite close around his girth.

Henry sank to a kneeling position, wrapped his lips around my coronal ridge and stroked my glans with his tongue, while continuing to grip my shaft and knead my testicles. "Yeah," Big Man said. "Jack his big piece of man-meat while you suck his cock-head." 

"Lick the juice coming out of his piss-slit," Big Man ordered when Henry pulled his mouth away from my penis and probed my tip with his outstretched tongue. 

"So you like that?" Henry said. "Well, just watch this." In one quick motion, he swallowed my entire length. Although nowhere near Big Man's size, I'm reasonably well-endowed and it was an impressive feat of deep-throating. 

"That's so good," I gasped as Henry worked my cock with his hot mouth, sliding his lips up and down my shaft and caressing my tip with his tongue. After several minutes, I asked, "Do you want to me to shoot in your mouth?" 

"No," Henry answered. "I want you to fuck my ass." 

"Good!" Big Man echoed. "Ram that big pecker up his tight little asshole."

"I'll fuck Henry's butt," I said, "but I'm going to play with his sexy uncut cock first." He stood up and I fell to my knees, gripping his shaft and pulling his foreskin up as far over his cock-head as it would go. I forced my tongue between his hood and glans and began stimulating him with a slow circular motion. The sensations quickly became too much for Henry. He began thrusting rapidly into my mouth, pushing himself rapidly toward orgasm. 

My world had narrowed to the driving cock fucking my face. I was eagerly anticipating the taste and feel of Henry gushing in my mouth. "Stop!" Big Man thundered. "Don't just suck him off! Fuck him!" I pulled away. Henry's penis was throbbing, but I'd stopped just before he reached the point of no return. 

Henry stood still, gasping for breath, for over a minute as he regained control. "Here," he said, fumbling in the little tote bag he'd been carrying. "I've got some suntan lotion. We can use that."

"No, I've got something better," I answered, retrieving my web belt and removing a little bottle of lubricant from one of the pouches. 

"Bend over and spread those butt cheeks," Big Man commanded. Henry complied instantly as I applied a thin line of lubricant to my extended index finger. "Grease his tight little fuck hole," Big Man continued. I placed my fingertip at the center of Henry's exposed rosebud and applied gentle pressure. He opened effortlessly and the entire length of my finger slid smoothly into him. 

"He's a great big ass slut," Big Man commented. "He's ready for you to shove your big cock right up his asshole. Give him what he wants, right now!"

"Is that right, Henry?" I asked as I squirted lubricant into the palm of my hand and ran it over my erect penis. "Are you ready for me to fuck you good and hard?"

"Yeah, Ken," Henry answered. "Ram it up my ass. I'm ready for you."

I delayed for a moment and reached around Henry's body to caress his penis, transferring the remaining lubricant on my hand to his stiff pole. "You better be a butt slut," I growled as I pressed my cock head against his anal entrance. "If you're not, I'm going to tear you wide open."

"Do it now!" Big Man shouted, staring at my cock pressed between Henry's butt cheeks. "Hurt the dirty whore!"

"Fuck me now," Henry begged. "Hurt me! Please!" He screamed as I violently drove my length into him, slamming my balls against his buttocks. "That's so good," he whispered, so softly I could barely hear him. I slowly withdrew until my tip was barely kissing the center of his hot brown rosebud, paused for a long moment, then rammed my cock home again. "Nooooo!" Henry screamed. "That hurts too much! Stop!"
