 If male bisexuality and creampies are not to your liking, please skip this story!

*

We were all sitting around playing cards on one Friday night. You see, my wife, Kim, and I play poker as a team with two other married couples.

One couple is Stan and Joanne. She is absolutely beautiful. Twenty five years old and five feet eleven inches tall; she truly is a statuesque brunette. Her blue eyes make her look just like an actress. If only it was a porn actress, I secretly wished. 

Jake's wife Natalie was equally as hot. The difference was that she was a blonde with big, beautifully firm tits.

Both the guys were in good shape like me. So we all enjoyed a rather healthy sex life.

The game was pretty much the norm when, Joanne who was getting drunk on wine, suggested that we "up the ante".

The other girls giggled when she said this. It seems they were in on this.

Intrigued, Stan asked her, "What do you have in mind.

"Why don't we play for blowjobs, but there is one catch," she said.

I sat straight up. The card games had gotten pretty interesting in the past, but had never come close to becoming this good. No one here was a swinger. 

Apparently, that was about to change.

I looked around and saw that the other girls were also in agreement with this, imcluding my wife. I wondered why she had never suggested this before.

"Play for blowjobs, I'm in. But what's the catch?" I snapped back.

The other guys couldn't agree fast enough, either. Stan said to me, "Who cares what the catch is, I could use a good blowjob, couldn't you? So what is it?"

She continued, "The losing girl must blow all the men, but their mate has to swallow all of the guy's goo. We think that it will be a good lesson for one of you to see what we women swallow. Maybe then, you'll appreciate us more."

Now, I knew that Kim and I were the best couple here at poker, but I wasn't interested in risking the possibility that I would have to swallow any semen from these women's husbands'.

I looked at the other fellow's and could sense they were excited but not willing to risk losing either. The consequences were rather daunting.

Stan said, "You women will do almost anything not to have to swallow."

Then, as if rehearsed, the girls started to undress. "No suck, if no swallow, that's the deal. Besides, you're wrong. I think cum is delicious, maybe one of you will agree soon. So what's it going to be?"

The girls now were naked and I decided to take a chance. I spoke up first and said, "I'm in."

That's when Stan and Jake yelled, "Are you crazy?" 

Joanne was naked now and she knew she was irresistible to men.

We all looked at her and began to drool. Naturaly, all gave in to her.

The girls were very pleased that their plan had worked. But the sad fact was that one of the guys in this room had just made a really big mistake.

Sitting next to my naked wife and my friend's wives, was distracting enough but then I felt my wife rubbing my crotch.

Joanne suggested that we guys also get undressed.

When the boxers came off, I was relieved to see that we were all hung, about the same.

I asked, "Why do you want us to do this? I don't understand?"

Natalie responded that, "We girls were talking about sex and decided to see how far we could get you guys to go for some head."

"So you were kidding?" I hoped.

"Oh no, someone else, besides us girls, will understand the meaning of a mouthful of jizz tonight!"

Then Joanne suggested we begin.

"These are the rules. We play three hands. The loser of each hand blows the men, until they are ready to cum. If we are tied after the third hand, we play a tie breaker. The losing male player gets the creamy prize directly from his wife's mouth."

As soon as we got started, Kim and I won the first hand. Joanne and Stan came in last and Nick and I began to prepare ourselves mentally for what was next. I couldn't wait to feel Joanne's lips on my cock. I hadn't had another woman suck my cock, since a year before my engagement to Kim.

As Joanne kneeled in front of me and pulled back her hair, I wondered if Kim was jealous.

But once I felt her warm breath on my tool and her warm, wet mouth on my cock, I didn't care anymore.

Joanne took me all the way down her throat and fondled my balls too. The rest of the men watched her in awe! 

I looked over at Stan, as his beautiful wife serviced me and noticed that he looked dejected. 

I said, "Your wife is awesome at this. It's not going to be so bad for you, my wife says she loves how I taste. You want some now, to try?"

"Fuck you," he said in return.

"I said you tasted delicious?" Kim asked.

"Maybe not, I was trying to be nice," I replied.

Joanne never paid any attention to us. She was doing a number on me. She was truly an expert.

She began to pick up her speed soon I was ready to cum. I forgot the rules and yelled I was going to cum! But just before I could stop, she pulled her mouth away and squeezed my prick hard.

"No, please!" I begged.

She smiled and said, "No cumming, at least not yet boys." Then she moved over to Stan.

My wife reminded us also of the rules, "No cumming, you need to save it for that special guy!"

Now I watched as she serviced her husband and then onto Jake's tool, until they also plead with her to finish them as I did.

As soon as she was done, she proudly wiped her mouth and said, "Next hand!"

The other guys and I were crazed with lust now. We couldn't wait to continue so one of the women would suck us again. 

No one was thinking of what was waiting for one of us at the end anymore.

Natalie and Jake lost the next hand and soon she was on her knees between my legs. She sucked me slower than Joanne had and had a unique sense of knowing when a man was on the verge of cumming.

She would hold me in her mouth and as soon as the urgency passed, she would bring me back to the peak. This was torture. I was leaking cum into her mouth profusely.

I asked her, "Do I taste good?"

She went, "Mmm, mmm!"

So I said to Jake, "You're going to love what I have for you, just listen to your wife. Also, don't pester me for more of it tomorrow," I said.

He wasn't at all amused.

I had to push her away after a while because I was frantic to cum and knew that she wouldn't let me. I saw Kim laughing at me.

"What's the matter, you didn't like it?" Kim asked.

"Yeah, I thought you liked what I was doing," Natalie joined in.

'I couldn't take any more. I need to cum. Please finish me off!" I yelled.

The other guys faired no better. We were all in a horrible state after she was through with us and the girls knew it.

The last hand went horrible for me. Sheila and I lost but I was still confident we could win the tie breaker.

Actually, the worst part of losing this hand was that I knew I was about to get sucked again without the possibility of cumming. I needed to cum so bad right now that I really didn't care who had to swallow my cum anymore. 

When Sheila began sucking on me, it was a bit of heaven and hell. She did it just the way I liked. However, at this point, that was the last thing that I needed from her.

By this time, I knew that I couldn't hold on anymore. These girls had tortured us. One thing was certain; one of my pals was going to get a big mouthful of my sauce.

Kim continued with her oral torture, until each one of us was ready to go insane. The three girls were proud of what they had done to us. Now the tie breaker, for the dreaded finish was before us.

Kim said to the other girls, "You know one of them is going to swallow more cum in a night than any of us ever have."

Joanne blushed and said, "Speak for yourself."

Stan said, "Joanne? What do you mean?"

She replied, "It was a long time ago, relax."

The other guys were all nervous and I teased them about it. They had right to be nervous. Kim and I were doing great.

When the last hand was over, you know what? We lost. I swear Kim threw the game on purpose. I was frantic not to have to do this. I never thought I would wind up here.

Natalie said, "He's really going to get a taste of what he's always been missing. Too bad it's just going to be him; they could all share in this."

The guys were no help. They both told Sheila, "No way, we're not into swallowing cum, so please hurry up and start sucking because we're about to burst."

Everyone looked at me and began laughing, especially the guys. They knew what was on the menu for me. Then I thought of something.

"Wait, one more hand. How about if it's me, against the girls to see who swallows."

Jake said, "We already know the answer to that one."

"No, listen," I pleaded. "If I win, then each woman blows and swallows her own husband's cum."

Both Jake and Stan seemed fine with that, but the girls had their arms crossed.

"If I lose I'll do it," I said.

Kim said, "Sweet heart, you already are."

She was right. What else could I suggest?

Then it became payback time from the other guys. "What's the matter? It was so funny when you thought we were going to swallow your cum. I hope you're ready for dessert! It's a double serving too!"

There seemed to be no way out of this.

Then Joanne said, "Wait, We'll take that bet. He's only swallowing now, after the guys cum in Sheila's mouth. But he say's he'll do it instead. He wants to do the whole nasty? You know, from start to finish! Suck them off and then swallow when they cum."

I yelled back, "No way, that's not what I meant!"

It was quiet in the room. The guys wanted to cum and the girls were considering this wager in their heads.

"Then it's dessert time, mister! This is your only chance," Kim said.

I couldn't believe my own wife was agreeing to this plan. I knew that I could beat a bunch of girls so I reluctantly agreed.

The other girls were shocked, as well as the other guys. I heard a cumulative gasp. My wife was speechless.

Jake asked me, "Are you sure about this? Swallowing after a kiss from your wife isn't so bad. I've done it with Natalie before, but blowing us?"

Stan said, "Are you really sure? Don't be mad but I need to cum. I don't care who blows me at this point."

Then Jake said, "I'm not sure I can cum if he wins."

The girls heard this and said, "Then you can suck our tits while he blows you. That should help. That goes for you too Stan." 

The plan was beginning to hatch.

Jake and Stan started to drool and then looked at me and said, "You better not lose, because I'm collecting."

I lost.

The guys were shocked but they got over it quick. Joanne asked, "Who's first?"

Jake jumped and said, "Me first, I'm ready to bust!"

Natalie and Joanne walked over to him and began to feed them their nipples. His cock became instantly as hard as steel and began leaking pre-cum.

Kim leaned over to me and said, "It's really not so bad, the taste I mean. Just take him deep into your mouth when he cums and you won't have to swallow so much. He'll shoot some down your throat past your taste buds."

Joanne said, "Quit coaching him, it's time to pay up!"

Natalie said, "My hubby likes it wet, so use a lot of tongue on him."

Jake stopped sucking Natalie's tit for a second and said, "Get your mouth over here already."

As both women chuckled, I leaned over and took him into my mouth. He gasped at the sensation of having his prick swallowed. For some reason, he still expected me to back out of this. It was simply too late.

As his prick slid over my tongue, I took him as deep as I could into my mouth.

His prick felt so hot and rubbery inside of my mouth. It seemed so large too! I felt the veins bulging out as they rubbed along my tongue.

I could begin to taste him already. How did I ever let this happen to me?

As I ascended, my lips pulled on his aching manhood and I heard him groan. 

"Oh fuck that feels good," he moaned.

Joanne said, "It looks good too!"

His cock swelled and stiffened. Hearing and feeling his excitement had an unwanted effect on me. I began to get excited too.

The girls had already primed him for me and after only a few minutes, I heard his breathing get heavy and his hips began to move with my head.

Kim leaned over to me. I thought she was going to bail me out of this and suck him for me. Instead she said, "You look so sexy sucking his prick. I've always wanted to see a guy doing it to another. I can't wait to watch him burst in your mouth."

"Jake, why don't you grab his head and show him why we girls don't like it when you do that to us," she added. It was as if this was a course called, "Cock Sucking 101".

"Okay, but I'm going to cum soon," I heard him reply.

Now I felt his hands touch my head and I looked up. His eyes were closed, as if he was imagining Natalie doing it. He pushed himself even deeper in my mouth and I gagged on him.

Natalie chuckled and said to him as she fed him her nipple, "Does it feel good what he's doing? Aren't your balls full from us sucking on you? Don't you want to finally cum? Suck on my tits and fuck that mouth. Use it like you use my pussy. That's it, fuck it like a pussy and fill it up with your cum. Do it now!"

He began to tremble and shake when she said that. Nobody could survive this. His cock swelled and it began to throb. Then his hips began thrusting faster.

I decided to kick it up a notch. I increased the suction with my lips and caressed the underside of his cock with my tongue with renewed vigor.

"It feels so good, suck me harder. This is the best ever. Oh fuck, here I go. It's so wet. I need to cum so bad so don't stop. Suck harder, oh fuck yeah; I'm going to cum in your mouth now, get ready."

The girls said out loud, "Did he say the best ever?"

His hips were churning and his hands held my head still. I readied myself for what was next. As repulsed as I was at first, I was excited now. Hearing her urging him on and feeling his excitement grow was intoxicating to me.

I felt his orgasm begin. It felt familiar to me. It should, I've done this with girls my whole life. Now I knew what it felt on the other end. 

"Oh fuckkk..." he cried as his prick suddenly grew even more.

He was in a sexual frenzy and it was incredible to bear witness to it. I wanted his cum.

He buried his cock into my mouth as he shoved my head down on it. I panicked for a second and then something happened. My throat relaxed and he slid all the way in.

Then came his cum. It blasted out of his balls and was hotter and thicker than I had ever imagined. There was so much of it and thankfully it shot straight down my throat and filled my belly.

He pulled back a little and I prepared for his next blast. This time, just the head was in my mouth. His next ejaculation brought a thick, viscous liquid into my mouth and across my tongue. It filled it up so I had to swallow. It tasted tangy but was delicious.

His wife kept urging him on, "Don't stop until you fill that slut mouth up with your sweet cum. Your balls are so full. He wanted you to swallow his, now show him."

This comment hit its mark and he pulled his cock back again and then viciously drove his cock all the way down my throat again.

I surprised everyone,by taking him all the way down my throat again. This time, everyone noticed because of Jake's reaction.

He grunted out, "Oh fuck yeah, my cock's all the way down his fucking throat. He deep throated me!"

His pubes were tickling my nose and I felt his nuts on my chin. With his tool buried deep, I swallowed continuously in order to keep up.

After the third and forth blast, he relaxed his grip on my head. Then he sat back in his chair and lazily sucked on Joanne's nipples as he basked in his ebbing orgasm.

I pulled him out of my mouth and held his cock in my hand. I gently ran my tongue around it's mushroom head and licked up any remaining cum as it appeared from it's slit.

Kim said, "You lovebirds can stop now. He's finished sweetheart."

I looked up and saw him looking down at me smiling. I was busted. I got caught up in the moment.

The sound of the girl's giggling at my sudden embarrassment was ringing in my ears.

Natalie said, "That wasn't so bad, was it?"

I dislodged him from my mouth and looked over at them. I said, "That was great."

Jake said, "I'll say it was, I've never been deep throated before, can you teach Natalie?"

Natalie smacked her husband and gave me a dirty look.

Stan spoke up and said, "Me now, I need to cum so bad. Please hurry."

I had forgotten about him. He was sitting there, jerking his cock.

Joanne looked at me and laughed, "For once he's not begging me to stick it in my mouth, he's talking to you."

The girls were really laughing at me now, even my own wife Kim.

They slid over to feed him their tits now. I slid over next to him as well. I could smell the musk of their pussies and knew they were horny. They wanted to cum too but that wasn't in the cards.

I kneeled between his thighs as he stroked his dripping cock. It was red and thick.

Stan looked down at me and said, "I wasn't going to make you go through with it, but now that I know you don't mind doing it."

Natalie said, "Mind? He loves it and he can deep throat!"

"Trust me, you don't want to miss out on this," Jake said.

He presented his cock to me and I took him into my mouth. He moaned and his hands immediately gripped my head.

"Take all of me, like you did with Jake," he pleaded.

"He's already popular with the boys. Girls, we have competition," Natalie joked.

"Yeah, he's such a slut," Kim joked too.

The girls were beside themselves with laughter. 

Natalie said, "Can we borrow him sometime?"

Stan closed his eyes and began enjoying his blowjob as he controlled the pace. I could taste him leaking his pre-cum already.

After ten minutes, it was apparent that he couldn't cum like this.

His wife noticed this and suggested a change of positions. "He never pops in my mouth. He has to pop in my pussy."

He was out of luck. I guess, she's going to have to fuck him. 

But then, she told me to lie on the floor on my back. I did as she said and watched my wife approach me. Then she kneeled down and began to suck on my cock. I was in heaven and closed my eyes. 

I knew after all the sucking that I had received before, I was primed and ready to cum any second, without a distraction.

Well, the distraction came in the form of Stan. I heard him above me and I opened my eyes. I wondered what he was doing there. 

"Now there's his pussy. You better be ready, when he cums, you're going to drown," Joanne said with glee.

I wondered what she meant?

"Do it," she told him.

He kneeled down and straddled my chest. With his knees on either side of my head, his hard cock was hanging in my face.

Then he leaned forward on his arms in a push up position.

"Open your mouth," he growled.

Now I was catching on.

"Fuck that pussy mouth for me Stan," Joanne begged him.

I parted my lips for him. He grabbed his throbbing cock and placed just it's head, between my lips. 

Slowly, he thrust his hips forward and the rest of his cock slid in. Then he held it still.

What occured to me at that moment was that I slide my cock into Kim's pussy the same way when we fuck.

I felt his size with my mouth and could feel that he was thicker than Jake. It took me a second to get used to it. 

I could feel him throbbing with his urgent need to cum.

Joanne giggled at me and said, "Is that what I would look like if you did that to me, Stan? Now start fucking."

He followed her command. The girls watched as he began using my mouth and she began to urge him on again.

"You're making me so hot. I want you to fuck his mouth, while you eat my pussy."

She lied down on her back with her pussy just above my head and had her knees bent with her pretty feet on either side of both of us. I wished I could suck on them but I already had my mouth full.
