 Teri was a beauty-- I'd never known anyone so sexy, let alone made love to anyone so hot. Her body drove me nuts; I just couldn't get enough. She obviously fell for me, too, moving in with me the day after we first hooked up. 

We'd only been living together for a couple of months when I had to leave for a week on a job. When I got home, I noticed that something felt different in her relationship with Ron and Brian, the two guys in the next apartment... 

We'd met them the day she moved in with me; they asked us over for drinks and snacks, mentioning in the conversation that they were gay. Ron was a surfer type, tanned with longish sun-bleached hair and about five-nine; he worked in an office four days a week. Brian was a fitness instructor who was into triathlons; he was a natural blonde, also tan, and not quite as tall as Ron. We'd said polite 'hello's' when we saw each other after that first meeting, but that was all. 

When the two of us passed them on the stairs after my trip, though, I noticed a difference. Teri had told me on the phone that she was going to have dinner with them while I was gone, so I tried to chalk it up to that, but it seemed like there was a lot more to it. My first thought was that she'd had sex with one of them (I wasn't sure which), but since they'd said they were gay, I discounted it. That night in bed she was incredibly intense and nearly insatiable, but I thought she'd just missed me a lot. 

Several days after I got back, we had Brian and Ron over to dinner at our place. By the time they left, I was sure she'd had sex with one of them-- the vibes in the room were unmistakable. The problem was that I couldn't pinpoint where those vibes were coming from; I'd caught unmistakable eye contact between her and each one of them at different times during the evening. It didn't make sense... 

I woke up a little after midnight to see her slipping into the hall in her robe, and slowly, soundlessly closing the bedroom door. It wasn't hard to guess where she was headed, but I stayed in bed about twenty minutes before I finally decided to go over there. When I got to their apartment door, it was closed, but only partially. I pushed on it gently and it opened; I stepped inside, closing it tightly behind me. 

I caught a strong whiff of weed and incense. The entryway and living room were dark; the only illumination came from a night-light in the hall and a partially open door at the end of it where I saw a candle. I could hear sounds coming from there, so I walked softly down the hall and looked in... 

All three of them were naked on a king bed: Brian was up against the headboard on his back; Teri was on her knees between his legs, sucking his cock and stroking it with one hand as Ron fucked her dog-style. Brian held her head and Ron's hands were around her waist as he thrust his long cock into her; she moaned and squirmed, sucking Brian's cock deep into her throat as she looked up into his eyes. 

I stared, unable to turn or look away; hurt and lust were simultaneously boiling inside me as my cock strained against my jeans. Teri let go of Brian's cock, still looking in his eyes. 

"I love gettin' double-fucked-- I feel so nasty..." she said, her voice low and throaty. "And your cock is absolutely delicious... mmmmmmm..." She lowered her mouth back down on it and began to moan, hips twisting on the cock in her cunt. 

"Hello, Teri," I said from the door, expecting to surprise and shock them. Instead, Teri just raised her head, looking over at me and smiling, one hand still on Brian's cock; the two guys turned and looked at me, smiling too. 

"Hi, Sean... ohhhhhhhhh..." she said, her hooded eyes losing focus as Ron's cock kept stroking in and out of her. "Why don't you... come over here... ohhhhhhhhhhhhh... and let me suck you, too... Brian won't mind-- would you Brian?" 

"Not a bit-- I'd love it... Come on, Sean... Here-- let me help." 

Brian got up, his cock still hard, and pulled off my t-shirt and jeans as I stood there, unable to do anything but be compliant. He took my hand, pulled me over to the bed and gently pushed me down on it. As I sat, Teri grabbed my cock and sucked it into her hot mouth as she pushed me back. 

She looked in my eyes, her lips sliding down, down the shaft, her tongue dancing on the underside, her hand stroking the base. 

"Mmmmmmm... it's every bit as tasty as yours, Brian," she said when she raised her head. "Why don't you try it?" 

Brian immediately bent down on one knee on the edge of the bed, sucking me into his mouth with a soft moan, his hands moving gently over my stomach and chest. Teri's eyes closed as she pushed back against Ron's continuing thrusts. 

"It's hot for you to watch your lover gettin' fucked, isn't it, baby? I'm really sorry for shocking you like this, though... you're gettin' over it, aren't you? Uh-huh... I can tell you like watchin' me gettin' fucked, you sly dog... Here, Brian, let me have his cock again, okay?" 

She took it from Brian, who got all the way onto the bed, lying beside me, continuing to caress me. Then he slid up so his hips were by my shoulders, and before I realized what was happening, the head of his cock was pushing between my lips. His hand was on the back of my head, pulling it forward as he thrust with his hips. My mouth opened, seemingly of its own accord, and the warm, silken-skinned shaft slid slowly over my lips and tongue to the back of my throat, filling my mouth with pulsing sexual flesh that was simultaneously absolutely forbidden and overwhelmingly exciting. 

Instantly, an electric rush of uncontrollable lust shot through me, from my lips, jaws, and tongue down to my own cock in Teri's sucking mouth; I came immediately in a huge orgasm, making whimpering noises as I clasped Brian's round ass with both hands and sucked on his delicious cock. Teri sucked me, swallowing manically as I pulled Brian's cock further into my own mouth, licking and mewling. 

I kept on after my own orgasm ended, unconscious of anything but the soft, tight skin sliding around the large, stiff, meaty shaft in my hand, and the almost glowing, pulsing head filling my mouth as I lowered my head and simultaneously sucked it in. I'd never been so turned on in my life. 

"You like sucking his cock, don't you, Sean?" Teri said. "You really do like to suck cock... You know what that means, Sean? It means you're a cocksucker... mm-hmm, a cocksucker... But that's okay-- Brian and Ron and I are all cocksuckers. We crave it... we need to do it... we love to do it..." She turned around and looked behind her. "Hey, Ron, darlin', you haven't sucked Sean yet, have you?" 

"Nope..." 

"Why don't you come around and take my place and just do that, sweetie? And let me watch, okay? Don't worry-- I'll still be here for you to fuck some more whenever you want." 

Ron pulled out and knelt next to her, lowering his head toward my hips, his hand closing around my cock. He looked up at me. 

"Mmmmmm... You've got a gorgeous, sexy, and extremely suckable cock, my friend. It's very nice to meet you, Sean's cock... Mmm-- mmmm-- mmmmm..." 

Ron's lips slid down over my cock; I kept on sucking Brian's. It was an incredible feeling-- a cock sliding in and out of my mouth while my own slid in and out of someone else's, especially another guy's; one of my hands was in Ron's hair, the other around the base of Brian's cock. As Ron knelt sucking me, Teri crawled around under his stomach on her back, putting her arms around his back and raising her head so his cock slid into her mouth. 

Ron looked up at me again. "Go on and come in my mouth, Sean," he said. "I want you to... let me taste the new kid's come... and swallow it... Come on, you delicious boy, come in my mouth... Come on and use my mouth with your big hard cock... come in it... come in it... use it... use meeee... mmmmmmmmm..." I pulled his head back onto it. 

The bald intensity of his request-- combined with what he'd just called me-- caused a rush of lust to go through me, along with his immediate and slippery-tongued sucking. It made me climax again in seconds. Ron mewled and sucked and swallowed like crazy. 

Brian started moving his cock in and out of my mouth more forcefully just then, filling it full of his own come about the same time that my orgasm began to fade. I sucked, licked, swallowed, moaned-- and then sucked some more, trying to tell this cock with my actions how much I loved what it was doing, filling my mouth with that salty-sweet syrup; I let it go when it finally started to shrink. 

Ron had let me go about that same time, and he rolled Teri onto her front and got her up onto her knees again, burying his face in her ass, licking and moaning. 

"Time to fuck this beautiful ass," he said as he raised his head. "Get the stuff, Teri." 

Teri immediately jumped off the bed, opened a drawer, and pulled out a large dong, a bottle of lube, and what they called a "lube tube", a six-inch-long syringe with a small hole at the end. Teri put some lube in it and slid it into her ass as she lay on her side, her leg cocked, looking at me. 

"You didn't know I like gettin' ass-fucked, did you, Sean? I was afraid to tell you-- you always seemed so straight... Well, I love it-- God, I crave it, actually-- I think about it all the time when I don't get it... I need it... And you're gonna get to watch me bein' ass-fucked by one of the best, baby... and here's how we start... Watch closely and learn..." 

She picked up the dong, which was about a foot long, and covered most of it with lube; then she put the slick end between her asscheeks and started working it in with both hands, one hand in the middle while the other pushed on the exposed end. She'd push, then relax, then push, then relax... until after about a minute, when it suddenly popped inside. She gasped, jiggling it really quickly for a few seconds, then started pushing again. The shaft began to slowly disappear inside her. 

"It stings a little... ohhhhhhhhhhh... when it first goes in... ohhhhhhhhhh... but that doesn't last long... ohhhhhh... and then it starts going deeper... and deeper... ohhhhhhh... and deeper... ohhhhhhhhhh... and that's when it gets goooood..." 

She rolled onto her back and lifted her hips, twisting them slowly as she drove the shaft an inch or so at a time until it was about three-quarters of the way in, with just enough left for her to hold onto. Then she began to slowly fuck herself with it, turning her head and staring into my eyes. 

"Watch me, Sean... watch me fuck my ass... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... watch Teri the whore fuckin' her own ass... and lovin' it... while three guys watch her... ohhhhhhhhh... there's nothin' that beats this... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... for how it feels 'way deep inside... ohhhhhhhhh... and that deliciously nasty knowledge... ohhhhhhhhhhhh... that I love bein' an ass-fuckin' cock-slut... ohhhhhhhh... suckin'... and ass-fuckin'... ohhhhhhhhh... I love it, I love it, I need it, I need it... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

Still holding onto the end of the dong, she rolled over, got up on her knees and wiggled her ass. 

"Come on Ron... Fuck my ass like you did before... Show Sean how I like it..." 

I hadn't paid all that much attention before, but now I noticed that Ron's cock was definitely the longest of the three of us-- maybe by a couple of inches. He knelt on the bed and covered it with lube, then got behind Teri and slowly pulled the dong out of her. 

"Are you ready, you beautiful slut? Uncle Ronnie's gonna give you your heart's desire and fuck your hot, slutty ass..." 

"Oh, please, Uncle Ronnie... put your big thing my ass," she said in a mock-child's voice... 

He put his cockhead in her hole, his hands around her waist, and then he pulled her back onto his cock very slowly, never stopping, never staying still, but always moving, either in or out, even after he pressed up against her perfect round globes. Teri started writhing on his cock as soon as it was barely half-way in, moaning while reaching under herself and stroking her own cunt. Ron pulled her back tight, flattening her ass against him, making her groan, a deep, low, guttural sound... 

"Ohhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhh... Fuck my ass with that thing... ohhhhhhhhhhh... Fuck me, you pervert... sodomize me... ohhhhhhhhhhhh... fuck my aaaaass... Come over here, Sean-- let me suck that delicious cock... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh... Come on-- hurry! Lie down here in front of me... Ohhhhhh, fuck my aaaass... fuck my aaaass... Mmmmm..." 

Teri sucked my cock into her mouth as soon as it got close enough... then her eyes closed, and she was gone to that place where nothing exists-- nothing but the pulsing cock in her mouth and the one 'way up inside her ass-- and I know, 'cause I've been to that place, now, too... 

The tempo slowly increased as I got closer to coming in her mouth... and then my climax exploded and Teri sucked, whimpering, and moaning like crazy. 

As soon as the orgasm ended, she let me go, moving her mouth onto Brian's cock right next to me. She sucked him just as passionately, her hands roving all over his stomach and chest when they weren't stroking his cock or reaching back to pull Ron tight up against her squirming ass-cheeks. I reached under her, rolling her nipples between thumb and forefinger before sliding my hand down into her wet, slippery cunt. She squealed around the cock in her mouth and slowly rotated her hips as I began to finger-fuck her. 

I put my mouth against her ear and whispered, "Come for us, baby... show us how much an ass-fucking slut loves it when she's got two big hard cocks in her... How does she feel when three guys watch her squirm like a whore on their cocks? Show us how it feels, whore... Come for us, baby, come for us... Come for us, you ass-fucking slut..." 

With a loud groan, she pulled Brian's cock deep in her throat, then screamed around it as her hips began to roll. I kept my fingers inside her as her juices flowed out around them, Ron's hands on her waist pulling her back tight against him, his cock buried deep in her ass. She squirmed, mewled, and moaned as her orgasm's dam burst, taking her on a bucking ride for a minute; then she slowed back down to the rhythm the three of them had had before. I slipped my fingers out of her cunt. 

Her orgasm triggered Brian's and he held her head and fucked her throat, then pulled his cock almost out of her mouth before sliding it halfway in again. She gagged on his come then, but kept sucking and swallowing, working the bottom of the shaft with her tongue as he held tightly to her head. 

When he let go of her, come was running out of the corner of her mouth and down her chin. I kissed her, licking the come off her chin before clamping my mouth over hers and shoving my tongue into her come-coated throat. She responded by grabbing my head and kissing me back passionately, moaning as she sucked on my tongue. Ron suddenly slammed into her ass, his own orgasm exploding inside her, and she let me go, gasping and looking back at him. 

"Ohhhhhh... come in me, come in me, come in me, come in me... ohhhhhhhhhh... shoot... your... fucking... come... in... my... aaassss... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." 

Ron pulled out and collapsed next to Teri when his cock had shrunk a little, but she stayed in the same positon, her ass moving in slow circles. My own cock had gotten hard again, watching her suck Brian, and she looked up at me. 

"You know what I want," she said, giving me a sleazy smile and her ass an extra little shake. "I'll never get enough..." 

I grabbed the lube and got behind her, sliding my cock into her open hole in seconds, driving it home in one thrust. Her tight sphincter slid down the shaft of my cock as the slick, silken insides of her back channel followed. She moaned, then looked back at me. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh... That's soooo gooood... How do you like sloppy seconds in your girlfriend's ass, baby? Isn't it hot to feel your cock slidin' around in Ron's come back there? I bet you like it, you fucking pervert... You like watchin' me bein' a whore, but you like it even more when you're one, too... don'cha? But you still haven't found that out yet, have you, baby? Ooooohhh-- you're almost hard again, aren'cha Brian? Give that slut who's fuckin' my ass somethin' to do with his mouth..." 

Brian stood up on the bed, held onto my head and pushed his now-hard cock into my mouth. As it slid over my tongue I grabbed his ass with both hands and sucked, driving my own cock into Teri's ass as she squirmed on it. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh... suck it, baby, suck it, you cock-slut," she said, looking back at us over her shoulder. "And fuck my aasssss... fuck my ass all fuckin' night... ohhhhhhhhhhh..." 

Brian took his cock away when Ron got back from the bathroom, and they fell into a sixty-nine next to us. I fucked Teri's ass for nearly half an hour after that, my cock hard as a rock and still a long ways from coming when I stopped for a rest and a re-lube. (Not the first re-lube, by the way.) We lay next to each other against the headboard, watching Brian and Ron who were still lost in each other... 

*-*-*-*-*-*