 This story contains intense graphic primal sex between consenting adults. If it gets you hard or makes you wet, please let me know!

XOX

*


I walk in the front door of the condo, where he is waiting with two guys we met in the bar last night. He grins, eyeing my bikini, he's already hard against the fabric of his shorts. "Did you have fun down on the beach?"

"Yes." I nod, finding it hard not to notice that all three of them appear to be ready and waiting for me.

"I bet you did. Did anyone stare at you, whore? Did they notice how tight that swim suit is up against your cunt?"

"I did not notice."

"Sure you didn't, you fucking slut. I bet half the guys down there were staring at the damn camel toe you're sporting, not to mention your tits. You probably had every cock near you hard and leaking."

"Like I said, I did not notice."

He grins and moves to rub himself through his shorts. "Well, looking like that makes me want to fuck you." He glances to our visitors. "How about you?" They nod in unison, eyes locked on me. He tilts his head. "How about it, slut? Feel like taking on three cocks?"

I nod, immediately aware of the sudden dampness between my legs. He nods again. "I figured you'd be good to go, you fucking cunt." 

They move to me, and before I have chance to do anything, he is yanking at my bikini top, pulling the fabric down and revealing my tits. He and one of the others grab them immediately, hard, rough, squeezing and pulling with enough force to weaken my knees. He pinches one nipple tight while his associate slaps my other breast, sharp and sure, drawing a gasp from my throat. 

He grins, "Yeah, slap her tits, she likes that." So he does, alternating between each one, slapping and grabbing and pulling, leaving my nipples hard and stiff. The third man yanks at the bottom of my bikini, pulling it out and away from my crotch, shoving his hand inside and grabbing my cunt, smashing it between his fingers and palm, causing another moan to escape my throat. 

"Get on your fucking knees, slut!"

I drop immediately, mouth open. The first cock in my face is his. He grabs my hair and yanks me onto it, hard, fast, driving deep between my lips and into the back of my throat. I gag and he pulls out, then does it again. I gasp and spit when he pulls out again, his cock already wet and dripping with my saliva. 

"That's it, you cunt, drool all over my cock." He pushes himself back into my mouth and starts fucking it, fast, but not so deep now. 

The others guide my hands to their cocks, and I begin stroking and jerking them. One of them starts slapping my tits again, then there are hands in my hair, yanking me over in the direction of another hard cock. I open my mouth to accept it, and he shoves it in hard, fucking my throat, causing me to gag again. 

"Take that fucking cock, you little whore." He growls, and there is a hand yanking at the tie on my bikini bottom, pulling it open and baring my shaved cunt. There is another yank on my hair, pulling me towards the third cock, and I take it into my mouth hungrily, then he is pushing me forward, down on all fours and pulling my cunt apart.

"You're fucking wet already, you filthy whore..." Then he is slamming into my cunt, hard, deep and fast, hands locked on my hips. He starts fucking me, slamming into me, fingers digging into my flesh, hammering me with his cock. He has me panting and moaning almost instantly, the dick I was sucking almost forgotten until a yank on my hair reminds me of it. I take it back into my mouth, and they are pounding me from both ends, making me shake and moan. Soon they switch, another cock sliding into my cunt, a different one between my lips. "Do you like that, slut? Do you like that hard cock banging your gaping cunt?"

I nod, still working the dick in my mouth. "Of course you do, because you are a filthy fucking whore. Are you ready to get that slut ass of yours fucked?"

Another nod, then he is pulling out of my cunt and spreading my cheeks. He spits on my asshole, once, twice, a third time, then is working two fingers up inside. He lays on his back and pulls me over him, manhandling me until I can slide my ass down over his cock, leaving my cunt and mouth open for use. "Do you like that, bitch? Do like that cock up your fucking slut ass?"

"Oh yes,' I reply, wiggling on top of him.

"Shut up, cunt. You should be sucking dick, not talking." No sooner have to words exited his lips and there is a cock in my face and hands wrapped in my hair. I open my mouth again, ready and waiting for the face-fucking I am about to get. He yanks me down around him, driving deep, causing me to cough, drooling all over him and myself. I feel hands on my cunt, pulling it open, then there is a cock sliding in there, too. I moan, loving the feel of being so fully penetrated, so thoroughly fucked.

"Do you like that, whore? You just love having all these cocks crammed into all your filthy fuckholes, don't you?"

I nod, making some noise of agreement around the dick in my mouth.

"What a useless disgusting little fuck toy you are." He growls, pumping up into my ass. "Fuck this little skank like she deserves boys." He sighs, and his associates comply, all of them ramming into me, fucking my mouth, cunt, and ass as hard and deep as they can. Someone's hand slaps across my tit at again, drawing a sharp gasp from my cock-crammed throat.

"Fucking whore," he sighs, "you know you are nothing but a nasty, cock sucking skank, right? A fucking piece of meat who is good for nothing but screwing and cumming on? Right?"

I nod again.

"Say it, you disgusting little bitch. Tell us all what a fucking slut you are."

The hands in my hair pull me off the cock in my mouth. "Let's hear it, whore, come on, tell us all what a cock crazy cum slurping cunt you are!"

"I'm a fucking slut," I gasp, moaning as they continue to fuck my cunt and ass, licking at the dick that is now sliding all over my face, smearing my spit everywhere. "I am a nasty, cock loving whore who deserves to be fucked, used, and cum on."

"That's right." He says, pushing me off his dick. "You are a nasty little fuck slut with a gaping ass and stretched out pussy." He grabs my hair, positioning me on all fours so the guy I was sucking can fuck my ass. "Show him your gaping ass, bitch. Spread open that fucking hole and let him see what a fucking whore you are."

I do so, reaching back and spreading my ass, sticking three of my own fingers inside. "That's right, you little gaping fuck bitch, show him that stretched out fuck tube."

He spits on my ass, in my hole, then slides his cock in. The other two move to watch, stroking themselves. "Fuck the little whore like she deserves," he says, "bang her slut ass so she knows what a cheap, nasty twat she is."

He starts fucking me, hard and fast and deep, banging the hell out of my ass, hips slapping my cheeks, balls smacking my cunt. He reaches around and grabs one of my tits, squeezing it hard, yanking on it brutally and causing me to cry out. "Do you like that, whore? Do you like getting that skank ass of yours drilled?"

I nod. "Yes."

"You are such an anal bitch." He sighs. "Suck my fucking cock, slut."

I open my mouth as soon as he sticks it in my face. He grabs my hair and starts pounding into my mouth. "You look good like this, cunt, with your mouth full of cock and drool, getting your slut ass pounded."

The guy in my ass pulls out suddenly, and moves to my face, jerking and cumming all over it even as I am still sucking. The third man moves behind me and slides his cock into my ass. "I cannot believe how loose your fucking asshole is, bitch." He mumbles. "Most sluts don't even have a cunt this stretched."

"I told you she was a fucking whore." He chuckles, then he is pulling out of my mouth and cumming all over my face as well, rubbing his dick over my lips and chin. Then he and the other man wait for their friend to finish, which he does, pulling out of my ass and adding his cum to that already painting my face.

"Good job, whore. Now turn around and spread your fucking holes for us, let us see what a gaping slut you are.'

I do so, and he comments how good I look with a face full of cum and my cunt and ass hanging open. Then he pulls me up off the floor by the hair, gives my tits a final slap, and tells me to go shower. I wonder if they will be there when I return and smile.

If you're up for Act 3, let me know! Hunty 