 This story contains intense graphic primal sex between consenting adults. If it gets you hard or makes you wet, please let me know!

XOX

Hunty

*

He calls me ahead of time.

"Hey, you're at home, then?"

"Yeah. Do you need something?"

"There is something I want you to do for me."

I grin. "And what would that be?"

"Well, I am sitting here over at O'Malley's with two guys from work. Two hard up guys from work, who are talking about how much they need to get laid..."

I continue to grin, knowing where he is headed. "Bring them over."

"You sure?"

"You know I'm sure."

I hear him chuckle. "God you are a fucking whore, and I love it. We will be there in about thirty minutes, wear something...interesting."

I hang up. His co-workers. Normally not what we do, but there is a first time for everything. I glance around my apartment. Like always, it is clean enough, but I run the vacuum anyway, put some Jack, coke and glasses on the breakfast bar, and a bucket of ice. Music, he can pick that if he wants it. Then I head upstairs to get ready.

Enema and douche first, then a quick shower. I'm already shaved, no need to worry about that now...

I wonder what they will be like? Has he told them about me? When he is "chillin' around the water-cooler" is the subject of conversation sports, stocks, or his fucking slut girlfriend who likes to take it up the ass?

Does it even matter?

Not really.

I get out of the shower and start to dry myself off. I comb my hair, then thinking about it, pull it back. It stays out of the way for sucking cock this way, and gives whomever something to hold on to. I apply some eyeliner, some shadow, nothing else is needed...

But what to wear?

I could stay naked, but both he and I prefer for me to have something on...something that can be ripped, or pulled, torn off and discarded or left hanging or shoved aside on my body. I grin, thinking about the sheer amount of clothing I have gone through since we got together. It has been worth the expense.

I select a short skirt, black, and a flimsy red camisole-top, nothing under either and red stiletto heels. He likes sky high fuck me heels.

Then I head downstairs, fix myself a drink, and wait for the horny men to arrive.

A short time later, there is a knock at my door. I set down my drink and open it. He is there, a smirk on his face. He moves inside, hooking an arm around my waist as he does so, pulling me along with him. He kisses me, long and deep, his tongue running over mine, a hand sliding down over my ass to give it a squeeze. Then he moves away slightly, hand still on my cheek, and gestures toward the two other suited men who have entered.

"This is Jack," he points to the one on the left, "and this is Kyle."

I wave and greet them with an enticing smile. "Hello, boys."

He grins. "Grab a drink, guys."

They move hesitantly to do so, eyes still flicking between me and him and the floor. They feel awkward, ill at ease and it causes me to smile a bit. He grins and runs a hand up my body, under my camisole to squeeze my tit. "I told them about you." He whispers. Then he is kissing me again. 

They have their drinks, standing near the breakfast bar. He moves his mouth away from mine and tells them to sit, get comfortable, continuing to idly molest me while he does so. "This is Mia, by the way, but you can call her...well, whatever you want."

He moves away from me to sit in an armchair, and I move to get him a drink. I make it, then bring it to him, bending enough to show the others that beneath my skirt, I am bare. He thanks me and smiles, sipping his drink, then he wraps a hand around my ponytail.

I kneel in front of him immediately, hands moving to loosen his belt and pull down his pants. He moves his hips enough to allow me to slide them down and pull out his cock. He is mostly hard already. I position myself the way I know he would prefer, arms draped over his legs, on my knees, legs spread, and I take him into my mouth. I cannot see the others, but I know they are watching. I start sucking him slowly at first, working him with my tongue, lips and hand, circling the head of his cock with my tongue, then sliding up and down.

He sighs happily, and I hear him set his drink down, then both his hands are on the back of my head, moving to shove me up and down on his cock, hard and fast. He is not gagging me yet, but he is fucking my mouth at a pretty good pace, the wet, messy noises I am making are the only sound in the room. "God you suck a good cock, whore." He sighs. "You should show Jack and Kyle how talented you are, slut."

He moves his hands away from me and I glance at them. "Do you want me to suck you?"

Jack nods immediately, working to undo his pants. Kyle looks vaguely like a deer caught in the headlights. The thought causes me to smile. I am sure back at the bar he was talking a tough game about how much he would love to nail an easy bitch...now...

I move to Jack, and he is hard. I lick his cock first, long and slow, trailing my tongue up over it, running it around the head, then back down. Then I take him into my mouth, deep, until my nose is pressed to his flesh. "Oh fuck..." he mutters. I begin working him faster, sliding up and down his length, using my lips and tongue to work him fully. He lets me do the work, obviously thinking I am taking him deep enough with no help. After a few moments, I pull up off him, leaving both my lips and his cock wet with my saliva. I glance at Kyle. 

"Do you want a turn?"

He is hard, I can see that much, and he nods nervously. I move over to him, crawling across Jack to do it, and help him with his pants. I pull him out and start sucking him as well.

"Her cunt is right there, Jack, use it if you want." He says, and a second later Jack is moving me, sliding me off him. I move with him, keeping Kyle's cock in my mouth, sucking him slow, taking him deep into me. I hear Jack snapping on a rubber, then he is behind my, pushing my skirt up around my waist and putting his hands on my hips. He hesitates.

"Fuck her." He says. "Trust me, the little slut does not mind."

Then he is sliding into me, and I am wet and ready for it. He starts pumping me slow and deep, easily pushing into my cunt. I give him a little moan from around Kyle's cock, and he starts fucking me harder, faster.

"Good," he says, "she likes it hard. Trust me, I bang the fuck out of her nightly, she loves it."

Jack starts fucking me harder, driving deep into me, grinding his cock deep into my cunt and causing me to moan. I pull off Kyle's cock long enough to say "Oh yeah, fuck me harder, I want you to fucking hammer me!" Then I am sucking again, hungrier now, the feel of Jack slamming into me making me more eager, more aggressive.

"Oh god..." Kyle mumbles as I continue to suck him, working him with my mouth, taking him into my throat. "Where the hell did you learn to do this?"

"She's a fucking whore," He offers, "it's an acquired skill. Isn't that right, slut?"

I nod around my mouthful of cock. He snickers. "You want to see something really crazy?"

"What?" Jack pants, still fucking me from behind. 

"You'll have to stop fucking her for a minute."

He gives me a few more hard thrusts, then slides out. 

"Hey slut?" He says, "can you stop sucking Kyle's dick for a minute?"

I do. "Yes?"

"You should show them what a total whore you are...go get that thing I bought you."

I nod and get up. As I move to walk past him, he stops me long enough to pull off my shirt, showing off my tits. As I head to my room to get it, I hear him saying "this is fucking incredible..."

I return a moment later, his latest present for me in hand. It is a large, rubber cock, slightly larger in width than a soda can. I hand it to him. "Bend over, slut."

I do, and he is sliding it into me, stretching me wide and causing me to moan. "Shit." I hear Jack say as he starts sliding it in and out of me.

"She is a total gape slut." He offers. "You could stick your cock back in her with this in there and it would not hurt her."

"Can I?" He asks.

"Yes." I nod, panting slowly as he continues to fuck me with the toy.

I feel him moving away from me, the toy still jammed up my cunt, and Jack taking his place. He shifts the toy around inside me, pulling the protruding end down, then he is sliding his cock into me too. "Oh fuckkk,' I groan, loving the feel of it, the sensation of being so filled, so stretched... "that's it..."

"God you are a disgusting whore." He sighs, sipping his drink and moving to stick his cock in my face. "Suck my dick, already."

I take him into my mouth again, and he starts pumping against me, slamming himself down into my throat, sure and steady, while Jack works me from behind, shoving himself into me and along side the toy. "I'm going to cum." He announces suddenly.

Before he can tell Jack where to do it, he pulls out of my cunt and sprays all over my back. He snickers. "She likes it on her face better, man. Isn't that right, you nasty cunt?" I nod, still sucking. He pulls out and takes his cock in his hand, jerking it slowly.

"Let's see that stretched out pussy now, bitch."

I sit down and spread my legs, pulling my cunt open. Both he and Jack take a moment to marvel at it, then he turns to Kyle. "You want to fuck her?"

Kyle starts slightly. "Um, can she suck my cock instead?"

He nods, "Yeah, but I am going to bang the hell out of her whore ass while she does it and she tends to loose concentration."

I give him a grin and move to Kyle, taking him back into my mouth as he positions himself to fuck my ass. He sticks his cock into my gaping cunt a few times, getting it wet, then he starts working it up into my ass. When he is inside, he pumps in slowly a few times. "You ready for it, slut?"

I nod. He starts fucking me, hard and fast, banging my ass. "Gimmie the toy, Jack..."

I am working Kyle's cock in my mouth, sucking him for all I am worth, and he is moaning, hard and stiff, the feel of the cock in my ass spurring me on. Then I feel him sliding the toy back into my cunt, filling up both my holes, working them, and I am cumming, pulling up off Kyle's cock...

"Told you." He laughs, continuing to pound both his cock and the dildo into me.

"Oh fuck me," I shout, "fuck me, fuck me..." and Kyle is pulling on my nipples, and they are leaving me panting.

He slows his pace. "Finish off Kyle, whore, let him give you some cum on that face of yours."

I take him back into my mouth, sucking and licking, eagerly working him in my mouth. Soon he is ready, shoving my face way from him and cumming, splashing his jizz up over my cheek and nose.

"Very good, you cock-sucking slut." Then he is banging my ass again, hard and fast, still twisting the toy inside me and bringing me to orgasm again. He pulls out, still hard, "Let's see that fucked out ass, bitch."

I spread it, showing him. "What a fucking whore you are," he sighs, tossing the toy aside. "Now back on your knees, cunt."

I kneel again, and his cock is in my face. I open my mouth and he grabs my hair, yanking me down on him, making me gag and spit. He continues to slam into my mouth, deep and hard, until he is ready to cum, then he pulls out, grabbing my jaw and forcing my mouth to stay open, then he cums on my face and on my tongue, rubbing it all over my cheeks and lips with his cock. "Very good, whore. You can go shower now..."

When I come back, Jack and Kyle are gone. "Did you have fun?" He asks. I nod. He laughs. "Maybe you should fuck my boss and get me a damn promotion..."

We smile and I wonder if he really wants me to do it. 

Anyone up for Act 4?! 