 This story contains intense graphic primal sex between consenting adults. If it gets you hard or makes you wet, please let me know!

XOX




He has me dressed the way he likes, tight fishnet dress in hot pink, skimpy g-string that covers nothing, leaving my cunt lips hanging out, the string pulled tight between my legs, assuring I will be wet and ready for use whenever he wants. The dress is tight, stretched over my tits, one nipple poking through already, hard and tight. My make up is heavy, dark, my hair down, my heels so high they are actually awkward to walk in. He smiles.

"Are you ready to go, slut?"

I nod. He mirrors the motion then opens the door, motioning me out. I go. We are then in the car, the ride almost silent, though I find myself shifting in my seat often, the feel of the g-string against my cunt, rubbing against me, making me slick and aroused. He notices me wiggling in my seat and laughs. "Eager, aren't you, you little fucking whore? I bet you're soaked already."

"I am." I admit.

"Well, don't worry, you're about to get used like the skanky little cunt that you are."

He stops the car and we get out. We go to the door, and even as he knocks, he is moving behind me, reaching a hand around my to rub and play with my tits, squeezing and groping them, twisting my nipples, leaving them hard and erect. The door opens and he smiles. "I'm here, and I brought the fucking whore with me."

We go inside, and I see men, seven of them, waiting. They have porn on the television, and there in the crisp digital quality, I see a woman on the floor getting fucked, hard and fast, cocks crammed into her cunt and mouth. I take a deep breath and he smiles. "Jealous, you nasty cunt? Don't be, you'll be taking more cock than her tonight."

The men introduce themselves to one another, my name is never mentioned. Even as they shake hands and exchange small pleasantries, their eyes are on me. Once the ritual is done, he looks at me. "Are you ready, bitch?"

I nod, licking my lips. Already the men are rubbing themselves through their jeans, eyes locked on my body. He starts first, rubbing my tits again, running his hand up over my throat, pulling my head back. Other hands join his, moving over my body, slowly at first, across my ass, over my thighs, my tits, squeezing and stroking. Then my dress is pushed up over my tits, leaving them bare. Someone starts sucking one of them, licking and squeezing it, pulling my nipple up between his lips and working it with his teeth and tongue. I sigh, the wetness between my thighs hot and sudden, then I feel a pair of rough hands yanking at my g-string, working to pull it free. When he gets it off I hear him say "She is fucking soaked." And it is true, I am dripping and wet, my cunt sloppy and ready.

He pushes me to my knees on the floor, and suddenly I see that the men have also shed their clothes and three cocks are waiting for me, hard and ready. "Start sucking, you wet little whore." And I do. The cock directly in front of me gets my mouth first, I lick it, then part my lips to take it into my mouth, wet and warm and ready. The owner of the cock moans, "That's it, suck me, cunt." And I do, working my lips and tongue up and down, sucking and lapping as I go. I take the other two cocks into my hands, jerking them slowly and gently. Then I begin to trade my attention between the three, alternately rubbing, licking, jerking, sucking, and even as I do this I feel a hand on my tit, groping hard, shaking it, pinching my nipple, then slapping it. I moan around the cock in my mouth as he moves to do the same to my other tit...

Fingers now between my legs, probing and testing. I am soaked, and he is rubbing my wetness back and forth along my cunt, over my clit. It feels so good. I make a little noise in my throat, moving my mouth to another cock, hips now rocking slightly, sliding my cunt over the fingers under it. "She is one wet little slut." Someone comments. "Think the little whore wants to get fucked?"

He chuckles. "I don't know." Then he is looking at me. "Do you want to get fucked, cunt?"

I nod, still sucking and jerking the cocks in front of me.

"Say it then, bitch. Tell us what you want."

I stop sucking for a moment. "I want you to fuck me. I want a cock in my cunt right now. Fuck my pussy, my ass, my mouth, I don't care, just fuck me."

"You are such a fucking whore." He sighs. "Go on, tell them what a nasty little cock slut you are."

I lick my lips, still playing with the cocks in my hand. "I am a filthy fucking slut, and I love it. I want you all to fuck me hard, leave my cunt and ass gaping and paint me in your cum. I want to use me like the whore that I am."

"Very good, cunt."

I am on all fours, a new cock between my lips and someone moves behind me. There is a hand on my hip, then he slaps my ass, a hard, sharp smack that causes me to gasp. Then he is ramming his cock into me, hard and deep. "She's a loose little fuck hole, isn't she?" He comments. "Yeah," is the response. "I am really going to have to fuck the shit out of her skanky hole for her to feel anything."

So he does, banging into me hard and deep, causing me to moan and pant around the cock in my mouth. The man I am sucking grabs my hair, pulling me down onto his cock, hard enough to make me gag. "That's it, you fucking whore, drool all over my dick like the little cocksucking slut you are..."

And my cunt is dripping, making all kinds of wet, nasty, sloppy noises as I get fucked, my thighs slick and wet with my own juice. The man fucking me pulls out of me and pulls back, telling me to get on top of him. I do. As soon as I am positioned a new man moves to get his cock sucked, and the one I was just sucking moves behind me. I feel his hands on my ass, fingers running through my wetness. He sticks one up my asshole, then a second. "You want me to fuck your slut ass, cunt?"

I nod, head bobbing as I continue to suck. I stop and pull off the cock in my mouth, gasping as he slides up into my ass. "Fuck me..." I pant. "Fuck me like the nasty slut that I am..."

The two men inside me start doing just that, banging my cunt and ass hard, fast and deep. I enjoy it for a moment, then there are hands in my hair again, jerking my face back to the cock in front of it. I start sucking once again. The man in my ass is the first to cum, he pulls out of me and sprays my back, hot and messy. Then I hear him say "Do you want to try two cocks in that gaping cunt of yours, slut?"

I cannot say yes fast enough. He nods. "Yeah, I figured, you disgusting little whore, you just can't get enough cock up that loose ass fuck hole of yours, can you?"

Before I can respond I am yanked back onto the dick I am supposed to be sucking. Then I feel it, a second hard cock being pushed up into my cunt, and ohhhhh, yes, it is sooo good. Then all three of them are fucking me hard, and deep, two in my cunt, and one in my mouth. Once again I pull away from the dick between my lips because I am cumming, loud and hard, my wet, intense orgasm punctuated by the feel of hands squeezing my tits and someone telling me what an easy little slut I am...

Then they pull out of my cunt and push me over, telling me to spread and show them my gaping pussy. I do. "What a fucking whore you are, with a cunt that hangs open like that. You must fuck and suck all the time to have a damn cavern like that, bitch.'

"I love cock." I sigh in reply. Someone laughs. 

"Does your ass gape like that too, slut?"

"Fuck it and find out."

I am on all fours again, this time another man under me, wanting to fuck my loose, sloppy cunt and a different one preparing to shove it up my ass. "Fuck me," I urge them, "I want to feel your cocks up my gaping fuck holes..."

Then they are inside me, banging and slamming me, using me like the cock-crazed whore that I am. I am cumming again, then they are pulling out of me and pulling open my freshly fucked cunt and ass, telling me what a nasty fucking slut I am... 

Then I am sitting amid a circle of them, on my knees, sucking and jerking, waiting eagerly for their cum, wanting to feel it on my face and across my tits, covering me and leaving me messy and wet. Soon enough I get what I wish, and I feel it splattering over my body, face, tits, hair, back, ass, then I lean back, rubbing it over my skin. 

"That's right, cum slut, rub in all that cream like the fucking whore you are..."

When they are done, he has me stand. He pulls my dress back down over my cum slicked tits, down over my body. I have no idea where my g-string is. We head back to the car.

"Did you enjoy that, slut?" He asks with a knowing grin.

Oh yes, I did. I'm already thinking about doing it all again.