 This is the final post in my His Slut series. This story contains intense graphic primal sex between consenting adults. If it gets you hard or makes you wet, please let me know!

XOX

Hunty



His Slut – Final Act

He looks at me. "Are you ready to go?"

"Yes." I nod.

He appraises my outfit quickly, high-heeled boots, fishnet, short skirt and skintight see through shirt. "You realize your clothes may not survive the night?" I nod again. He arches a brow. "I trust you have cleaned out your ass and cunt for this, right?" 

"Yes."

"Good, because tonight, slut, you are really going to get fucked like you deserve. I have no doubt you will end up with two cocks in all of your holes, and I can almost promise you will end up sucking them after they have been up your ass, because you are a filthy little whore. I also suggest you put your hair up, it will make it much easier for everyone to give you the face fucking you deserve."

"Okay." I tie up my hair then he nods. "Let's go."

A short time later we are outside a door. I can hear loud music pounding away inside, and voices. He runs a hand over my back, cupping my ass. "The second we walk in that door, whore, you will be treated just like you deserve. No one in there cares if you have a name, or anything to say, or a personality at all. To them, you are nothing but a fucking piece of meat, a collection of holes to use, fuck and cum in, and I know you will fucking love it. Are you ready?"

"Yes."

"Then open the door, slut." 

I do. The light is somewhat dim, but not enough to impair my vision. I also see men, standing around talking, apparently enjoying themselves. I have little time to note much more before I feel a pair of hands on me, grabbing me by the shoulders. "Is this her?" A voice asks.

"Yes," he nods. "This is her."

"Excellent." The voice behind me says, then his hands are on my tits, groping and pulling them, causing my nipples to tighten immediately. One of the others moves towards me as well, looking down at me with a small smile on his face. He pulls up my skirt and sticks a hand under in, palming my crotch.

"Get her on the couch." The man behind me says, then they are pulling me in that direction, pushing me down on it. One of them kneels down in front of me and shoves apart my thighs, then his hands are on my legs, ripping open the crotch of my fishnets and exposing my shaven cunt. He reaches up and grabs at my shirt, yanking on it as well, easily ripping the thin fabric apart and baring my tits. "That's better." He nods. "Now you look like the fucking slut that you are." 

The next thing I know there is a hand wrapped in my hair, yanking me off the couch and down onto my knees, pulling my face towards one of the four cocks that are there, hard and waiting for me. I open my mouth and he rams into me, making me gag. "Suck me, you cunt." And I do, or I try, because he starts fucking my face hard enough to make me gasp and my eyes water.

The four of them take turns using my mouth, pulling my head from cock to cock, having me suck and lick them, fucking my throat hard and fast until my chin and throat are coated in my own spit. I am absently thankful that I have not eaten; for fear that I might puke. I feel one of them slapping his hard dick against my cheek, and just as he grabs my hair and yanks my mouth onto him a new voice echoes into the room.

"I see the fuck toy is here..."

I cannot see the new comer, and as I continue to work the cocks in front of me with my mouth and hands, someone starts slapping my tits, hard and sharp, causing me to moan around the dick between my lips. Soon there are two new cocks in front of me, waiting to be serviced, new hands in my hair, yanking and pulling and seeing that I attend to them. They continue to pull me from cock to cock, leaving me panting and gagging and wet, my chin and neck slicked with my own spit, hands rubbing and pulling at my tits, groping and pawing them with no tenderness or consideration. Soon there are hands between my legs, prying and fingering my cunt, then someone is pulling on my hips, pushing on my back, and as my mouth is forced brutally down over one cock, another is slamming up into my cunt.

"She's fucking wet, the little whore." A voice comments behind me. "And loose as hell. This bitch must fuck a lot."

"Yes she does." He says, and a catch a glimpse of him watching me, smile on is face. Someone notes my distraction and pulls on my hair.

"Get back to sucking cock, you fucking slut."

I do, and the man in my cunt starts fucking me hard and deep, the wet sounds my mouth is making as they continue to use it, two of them now trying to fuck it at the same time, now accompanied by the sloppy sounds echoing up from my cunt. The men using me orally give me a moment to enjoy the cock slamming in and out of my pussy, rubbing their dicks over my face. I begin panting almost immediately, eyes closed and moaning. "Fuck me, fuck me..."

"I'll fuck you, you filthy whore..." the man behind me promises, locking his hands around my hips and yanking me back onto his cock as hard as he can, driving his hips into my ass with amazing force. I start making a low, keening noise in the back of my throat, then there are hands in my hair, reminding me that I still have cocks I should be sucking. I take one into my mouth working it with my lips and tongue, and he pulls me down onto it, forcing my nose to his flesh and his balls against my chin, grinding against my face until I gag.

"That's it, you cock-sucking cunt, eat my dick..."

The man in my cunt pulls out, and a new one replaces him, driving in deep. I figure there are now seven of them in all, not counting him. He is still watching, and apparently content to do so. Soon they are circling me, fucking my face, then my cunt, then back to my face again, sticking their cocks in my mouth so I can suck my own juice off them. I feel someone working his fingers up into my ass, ripping at my fishnets to open them further, and he says "I get to fuck her in the ass first, before she is fucking hanging open like the nasty gape slut she is..."

Whoever was fucking my cunt and fingering me moves, and I feel his hands on my hips, the head of him slipping up over my dripping cunt and against my asshole. "Your cunt is already hanging open like a piece of meat, slut, are you ready to have your ass looking the same way?"

Someone yanks my hair, pulling me off the cock in my mouth long enough to answer. "Yes..." I pant, voice rough and throat sore.

"Good, you fucking whore." Then he slams into me, deep and hard, pulling a gasp from my throat. The others watch him for a moment, one of them moving to slap my tits while he pounds into my ass.

"That's it," the fellow spanking my tits encourages. "Fuck her slut ass, stretch it out enough for two cocks."

He laughs and pulls out of me, yanking me back up onto the couch and on top of him, positioning me to slide back down on his cock, yet leave my cunt and mouth ready for use. I do so, and as soon as he is in me, hands reaching around to pull and yank on my tits, the others converge on me, one sticking his dick up into my cunt, another positioning himself near my face and telling me to open my mouth.

The three of them are thrashing against me, into me, penetrating me fully, deeply, roughly, just the way I like it. "You are a nasty fucking whore." Someone comments, and I know it is true. Soon they are moving around again, allowing new men to take up position at my cunt and mouth, then filling me up again.

He is still behind me, fucking my ass. "Are you ready for another cock in your ass, slut? Two in at the same time?"

I nod, making some sound of agreement around the dick in my mouth. He laughs. "Good then. Someone else stick their cock up the little whore's ass."

It does not take long for a volunteer to move into position, pressing the head of his dick against me. He reaches under me and spreads my cheeks as wide as they will go, then slowly, the other is sliding into me, slipping up into my ass, stretching me wide in a delightfully painful way that leaves me gasping. Then they are both in me, pumping and grinding, causing me to throw my head back and moan, cumming hard and loud.

"Where the hell did you find this slut?" Someone asks, and He just laughs.

Soon they both pull out of my ass, giving two others a turn, and then they are in my face, waiting for me to suck them. I do. Two by two, they all take their turn, stuffing their cocks up my ass then in my mouth, and soon He is telling every one to get off of and out of me. 

"Show us your holes, whore. Let us see what a gaping little fuck slut you are."

I reach down and spread myself, pulling them open wide, and I can feel just how loose and caved they have left me. "Holy fucking shit." One of them says. He laughs and pulls out his camera phone, snapping a quick picture of me, spread and well used. "Are you ready for some cum now, bitch?"

I nod. 

"Very good then. Why don't you fist that gaping cunt of yours while we give it to you?"

I slide back to the floor and position myself to do so, on my knees, arm stretched back behind me. They have left me so well used it is with almost no effort that I manage to work my fist up into my cunt, and they are standing around me, jerking their cocks. "Very good, whore..."

Then they are cumming on me, covering my face and tits and hair, leaving me dripping and wet. He snaps another picture. "Get up slut, time for you to clean up."

I stand and follow him, the others following me, into the bathroom. He takes another photo then nods happily. "Now rinse off, cunt, but keep what's left of your fucking clothes on. I want you to walk out of here looking like the filthy, well-used slut that you are...."

"Yes, Sir." I was and always would be His slut. 





If you would like to read more of my stories, leave me a comment and let me know.