 "So what do you think of your whore of a girlfriend?" she asked, her hand stroking my cock slowly. 

"I've never been so turned on in my life," I said, smiling at her. "What do you think of your boyfriend the cocksucker?" 

"I think he's incredibly hot," she said. "I can hardly wait to watch you get ass-fucked, baby... or maybe I'll just have to do it to you myself..." 

"Yeah... I was wonderin' about that," I said. 

"You should get cleaned out in there first," she said. "A turd would ruin everything- you can imagine..." 

"Oh. Yeah, I guess so... So what do I have to do?" 

"Just a couple of enemas," she said. "Ever had one?" 

I shook my head. 

"Come on... I'll show you..." 

We borrowed two robes and ran back to the bathroom in our own apartment. It took three enemas before the water that came out of me was clear; then we both showered. 

When we sat on the bed again with Brian and Ron, they were leaning up against the headboard, just lighting a pipe. 

"I see we got back just in time," Teri said. "Let's make sure that Sean gets really fucked up, okay? Then we can all fuck him..." 

I smiled sheepishly; I couldn't deny that I really wanted to experience what it felt like, 'cause it had been so incredibly hot to watch and to fuck Teri. They passed the pipe to me out of order several times, making sure I got more hits than anyone else. They needn't have bothered, really- I was so high after the first three that the rest didn't matter much... 

"Here, Sean... why don't you use the dong like Teri did," Ron said, picking it up. 

"Let me get him lubed first," Teri said. She got me onto my side, leg cocked, and slid the tube into me and emptied it; then Ron handed me the also-lubed dong and I began to push it against my hole while they all watched. 

"Agh! Man, that stings!" I gasped when the head popped inside. Teri reached over and jiggled the dong for a few seconds and the pain soon faded. As I relaxed, she let go of it and I started pushing it in- fucking it in, actually, each time driving it further than the time before. 

At about the halfway point I felt some inner resistance, so I rolled onto my back and lifted my hips like I'd seen Teri do. The head of it slid in all the way in a few seconds, making overwhelming sensations rush through me from nerve endings deep inside that I'd never known were there before. I heard myself moaning, my brain totally swallowed by the intensity of what was happening 'way up inside my ass. 

Teri replaced my hand on the dong with hers, moving it less than an inch at a time, making me writhe and twist on it even more. Nothing in my life up to that point had prepared me for the ecstasy I felt when she began to move that magical shaft in and out. 

"How does it feel, baby?" Teri whispered in my ear. 

I could barely talk. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh... fuck meeee... fuck meeee... fuck meeee..." 

"You are now an official ass-fuckin' slut, baby," Teri said. "Let me hear you say it, Sean- say, "I need to be fucked..." Come on- say it..." 

"Ohhhhhhh... I need to be fucked... fuck me, fuck me, fuck me... ohhhhhhhhh..." 

"What else do you need?" Brian said, lying down with his hard cock close to my face, stroking it as he slid forward until the head touched my lips. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh... I need to suck your cock, Brian," I said, looking up at him. "I need you to fuck my mouth... ohhhhhhhhhhhhh... I need it... Mmmmmmm..." 

Brian held my head, pulling my mouth onto his cock as Teri and Ron got me up on my knees between Brian's legs. I wrapped my arms around his smooth thighs, sucking his delicious man-pole while hands kept moving the dong slowly in and out of my now upturned ass. Then the dong slipped out and I felt warm hands on the outside of my hips as Ron put the head of his cock just inside the open hole. 

"Ready, baby?" Teri said softly. "You're gonna get ass-fucked now... fucked by a real cock... And you are gonna love it..."" 

Ron thrust forward as he pulled me back onto his long cock, driving it all the way into me in one motion. I groaned as it slid at least as far inside me as the dong had been, causing feelings so exquisitely intense and primal to rush through me that I immediately pushed back to get even more of them. I squirmed and undulated, simultaneously sucking on Brian's shaft as I gasped and moaned. Nothing else existed in the world right then but the delicious cock in my mouth and the long one sliding deep in my ass. 

"Ohhh... look at him move, Ron," I heard Teri saying. "What a cocksucking slut! Isn't he a great fuck? Wasn't I right about him, guys? He really loves it... Yeah, baby, I told them you'd go for this... I just knew you'd love bein' double-fucked, too- just like me- and just like these guys... You like bein' used, too, doncha? You really like it, don'cha, Sean? You love bein' used for their orgasms, don'cha? Suck that cock, baby... work that ass... yeah... you love it... you love it..." 

Teri was running her hands over me the whole time she talked, caressing my ass, thighs and stomach and sucking on my ear. 

"Ohhhhyeahhh... fuck him, Ron... fuck him, Brian... fuck him good..." 

Brian held my head, fucking my mouth gently as I sucked. Ron moved his hands up to my waist, holding it tight as he suddenly drove into my ass harder and faster. I rolled my hips and pushed as he slammed into me one last time, pulling me back hard against him and groaning out loud as his orgasm hit. I could feel his cock pulsing, his come shooting 'way up inside my ass, and I squeezed the base with my sphincter, trying to pull even more out. 

'Ohhhhhhyeahhhhhh... shoot your come in my aaasss... I loooove iiiit!'- I'd have screamed it out, but my mouth was full. 

Ron stayed inside me after his orgasm, moving his cock back and forth slowly until it finally slipped out with a wet farting noise. Brian let go of my head, and I raised up to look at him. 

"My turn," he said, and got up and knelt behind me, quickly putting lube on his cock and sliding it into me. I was instantly back in the same place as when Ron was fucking me, and I squirmed on Brian's cock ecstatically. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh... that is absofuckinglutely incredible... fuck me, fuck me, fuck me... ohhhhhhhhhhh... God, that feels so gooood..." 

"I've wanted to fuck your cute little ass ever since you moved in," he said. "Such a nice, round one... it's even better than I thought it would be... so firm... so tight..." 

"...and you like gettin' slut-fucked, don't you, you whore," Teri said with a smile on her face. "I love watchin' you squirm like that.. oh, and here... here's somethin' else for your mouth... sluts like us always needs sex for their mouths... isn't that right, fuckboy?" 

Teri lay down where Brian had been, her legs open and her cunt in my face. I buried my mouth in it, sucking and licking the delicious flesh as I held onto her smooth, soft thighs. 

"Ohhhhh... eat me, baby... I love how you eat me... It's so hot to watch you get your ass fucked, baby... I love watchin' you get fucked... eat me, you whore... eat my cunt while you're gettin' ass-fucked... eat my cunt, you slut... ohhhhhhhh... I love you, baby..." 

The rest of the night was filled with sucking and fucking. More than anything, I loved being fucked by Brian and Ron in both ends, their warm, hard cocks shooting their come into me, using me for a come-doll... 

Triple-fucking Teri was really hot, too... She went nuts when all of us finally got in her- Ron in her ass, me in her cunt, and Brian in her mouth. It was her idea that we do it; she came up with it after watching me with Ron and Brian the first time. 

She started by facing Ron's feet, lowering her incredibly sexy ass down onto his long cock, then lying back on him as he ass-fucked her from below. I got between her legs and drove my cock slowly into her cunt; it was tight with both of us in her, separated only by thin walls of skin... I could feel his stiff rod moving as she squirmed and twisted her hips, working my cock in, moaning, grunting and gasping. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhh... Come on, you pervert! Fuck my cunt and use me for a come-hole... I love it... I love bein' a come-hole... come in me... come in me... I love bein' a come-hole... jus' fuck me... fuck me... fuck my cunt... fuck my mouth... fuck my aaasssss..." 

Brian held her head, turning it to the side and shoving his cock into her mouth, her lips opening and closing on it, her tongue snaking out under it. We soon found a rhythm, sliding in and out of her in synch. Her hands moved frantically over all of us, kneading and squeezing as her body writhed slowly; then one hand slipped down between me and her cunt. She began to sweat as she pumped against us, her smooth thighs sliding up and down the outside of my legs as she rolled her hips between us. 

"Look at this whore go, boys," Brian said. "She's in cock-heaven now. Fuck her slow and deep, guys... Now, come on, you hot bitch... show us how a whore comes... let us see how much you love these cocks... Come for us, whore-baby... come for us you sleazy come-bucket..." 

Teri held her head back as she tried to get more of Brian's cock down her throat, the tendons stretched, her skin flushed with passion and effort. She was holding his ass-cheeks now as she sucked, gasping and twisting on our cocks at the same time. Ron held her in place, hands on her hips as her motions and moans got wilder. 

"Come on, Teri... come on, you whore..." Brian said through clenched teeth. 

"Urgh... unhhh... ohmmmm..." the sounds leaked out of her sucking lips, then turned into whimpers and finally, muted screams as Teri's body began to flail like a fish on the shore. She continued holding on to Brian's ass, sucking his cock manically as her orgasm shook her. 

Her breathing and movements slowly calmed, and she let Brian's cock go, gasping for air; then she pushed me off, climbing off Ron's cock (still hard in her ass) and rolling onto her side on the bed. She fell asleep instantly; I covered her with a blanket. 

I leaned over and picked up the pipe from the tray by the bed, lit it and gave it to Ron; it came back around past me three times as we sat cross-legged silently, our cocks standing at attention. I looked at Ron and Brian, their eyes still wild with unslaked lust, my own body pulsing at nearly the same level. 

"Let me take her place... Use me for your come-hole," I said, nearly in a whisper, then knelt with my ass in Ron's face. 

With a loud moan, he got up on his knees and shoved his mouth and nose between my cheeks, driving his tongue inside my ass while he pulled back hard on my hips with both hands. 

"Here's some lube, Ron," Brian said, and soon I felt Ron's fingers sliding into me until there were three. He opened me, pumping slowly with them, stretching me wider with every push, then caressing inside with his fingertips, making me moan. 

"Squirm, slut, squirm," he said. I obeyed, gasping from the sensations as his fingertips explored inside me. 

Then the fingers withdrew and the lube tube slid inside and was emptied before I felt him moving on his knees behind me; then the head of his cock pushed inside my ass. I pushed back, and his thick hardness slid into me at least halfway on that first thrust. 

I whimpered like a girl from the intensity of his entry, then moaned and pushed back again; this time his shaft went all the way in until he pressed hard against my asscheeks. I squeezed the base of his cock, squirming on it in ecstasy, and he flexed it in answer, making it slide even deeper while I mewled and moaned. 

"Ohhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhh... that's what I neeeeed, Ron... Ohhhhhhhhhhhh... thank you for fucking me... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... with your long... beautiful cock... I love how you fuck me, Ron... I love it... I love it..." 

Brian lay down quickly on his back in front of me, his thighs open around my head, and I grabbed his cock with one hand and sucked it in. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmm..." 

They both came in a few minutes, leaving me wild with desire: my inner nerve endings had been excited beyond any possibility of satisfaction from their fucking and orgasms, plus my own cock was throbbing with a need for release. I put my hand on Ron's asscheek as he lay mostly on his stomach next to Brian. 

"I need somethin' from you," I whispered in his ear. 

"Ohhhhyeahhhh..." he said, his mouth partly muffled by the covers. I lubed my fingers and worked them into him slowly; he cocked one leg and began to push back against me. I slid the lube tube into him, then pulled him partway to his knees and shoved a couple of pillows under his hips before I put the head of my now very hard cock inside. 

"Ohhhhyeahhhhh... Do it, Sean... fuck me now..." he mumbled. 

His asscheeks were rounded and white, contrasting with the rest of his tanned skin, almost glowing in the candlelight. I held onto the outside of his slender hipbones and thrust into him, pulling him up onto my cock at the same time. 

He pushed back, too, and I slid deep into him easily, almost to the hilt; the rest of the distance was closed on the next thrust. He twisted on it, pushing back the whole time, gasping with every thrust and squeezing me with his anal muscle. My cock felt as hard as a steel piston now, and I flexed it and pulled him onto it again and again, making him groan and writhe. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhh... Uh... if you don't happen to come for a long time, that would be just fine with me, Sean... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... I need to be ass-fucked like this... ohhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... I really... really... need it..." 

His firm, round ass had already become too much for me, though, and I came in several waves, pulling him back onto my cock as it shot and shot. He whimpered and squirmed, gasping with every thrust. 

I fell asleep right after I slipped out, half on top of him, one leg over both of his. I woke up not long after, with his firm, warm ass still there under me, my cock throbbing with new life. The lube was still there on the bed next to me, and I quickly put some on, spread his white cheeks, and pushed the head inside him again. 

"Ohhhhhhhyeahhhhhh... I love it when a hard cock wakes me up... fuck me all night, daddy..." he moaned softly. 

I rolled back on top of him, holding his hips like before, and drove my cock inside him to the hilt in three strokes. Ron opened his thighs wider, pushed up against me, and twisted slowly. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... fuck meeeeeeeeeee..." he said quietly. 

I stayed in him like that for awhile, then pulled out to re-lube; he moved to the edge of the bed on his back then, and I stood on the floor and slid back into him, holding onto his thighs with both arms. He drew me down for a long, deep kiss, rolling his hips up to pull my cock deeper. We fucked like that until dawn; then I pulled out, got back up on the bed and went immediately to sleep, the four of us in a cluster. 

*-*-*-*-* 

I awoke an hour or so later with Teri behind me, gently rubbing my ass. 

"Let's go back to our place," she whispered. 

We picked up our few clothes off the floor and slipped out, leaving Ron and Brian still asleep. 

As soon as we were in our bedroom, Teri threw off her robe and pressed herself against me, grabbing my forearms and putting both of my hands on her bare ass. 

"Fuck my ass, baby... There's some stuff in my top drawer... Hurry..." 

When I turned back to the bed with lube, a tube, and a dong, she was lying on the bed on her side with one leg cocked, her gorgeous ass toward me. I lay down behind her and slipped a lubed finger inside her hole, sliding it around as she cooed softly. 

"Ooooooh, that feels so nice, baby... oooohhhhhh... hurry..." 

I emptied the lube tube into her, then used the dong. When I put it against her anus, she reached back and grabbed it, working it into herself in seconds, gasping sometimes when she shoved it hard. When only the head on the other end was still exposed, she fucked herself with it for a few strokes, moaning the whole time, then pulled it out. I was more than ready by then, my cock covered with lube, and I drove it in to the hilt in one slippery move; she squeezed the base of it with her sphincter when I flexed it inside her. 

She lifted her thigh up over me and rolled half onto her back, arching it and driving my cock deeper inside. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhunghhhhhhhhhhhhhh... God, that's good... ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh... Put some pillows under me while I get on my back," she said, climbing slowly off me. 

I grabbed the three closest ones and jammed them under her hips as she pulled both thighs back, hands behind her knees. 

"Like the view?" she said, squirming on my cock. "I want to watch you fuck my ass... and I want you to see your hard cock goin' in and out of it... Fuck me, baby... fuck my ass and keep on fuckin' it... ohhhhhhhhhyeahhhhhhhhhhhh... so fine... Your baby's an anal whore, but you still love her, don't you? ...'cause you're a cocksucker and an ass-fuckin' whore, too, so we fit together, right? And 'cause you're hot for her ass... 

"Yeah, you're always hot to fuck me, aren't you, baby? Oooohhhhh... mmm-hmmmm... that's it... that's what's goin' on here... yeah... you love my ass, don'cha? Well, fuck my ass, lover, fuck it..." Then these last few words were spoken very quietly: "...and if you want me to, I'll love you back... always..." 

"I want you to," I said. "I want to try on the world with you..." 

*-*-*-*-*