 This story features rough language and even rougher play. Proceed with caution ;)

*****

I hate that fucking town. I hate my drunk parents and their constant nagging for me to make more money so that they can continue to collect welfare and fuel their alcohol addiction. I'm only 18 and just graduated high school. I should be looking forward to college, not working at a dead end job at a stupid fast food joint. I hate my stupid ex-boyfriend, always playing his videos games and not paying attention to me.

That is how I found myself on this deserted strip of road leading me to Lincolnshire. A friend from high school told me that there was a waitressing gig waiting for me here. 

I'd gathered whatever meager cash I could collect from the house and bought a bus ticket that would take me closest to my destination. The bus dropped me off in Davenport, five hundred miles away. I'd hitchhiked to Derby, about forty miles out. I've been walking ever since.

I bathed in a rest stop restroom earlier today and the experience was uncomfortable. I didn't care. I don't care that the waitress job won't afford me my own place. I would rent a room in a boarding house or find someone looking for a roommate on Craigslist. I just need to get to my destination.

Cars pass me over and over, ignoring my outstretched thumb. I'm beginning to give up hope when a dark blue windowless van pulls up.

"Hey girlie," the driver say. He was in his late twenties or early thirties with sandy blonde hair and hazel eyes. "Where you heading to?"

"I'm going to Lincolnshire," I say, hopeful.

His eyes trail down the length of my slender body. "I'm passing through there. What are you willing to trade?" he asks, his meaning clear. 

He probably wanted me to suck his cock or give him a quick fuck. I'm okay with that, as long as it got me to where I need to go. It was a small price to pay. 

I flip my long blonde locks and look at him straight in the eyes. "Anything you want."

"Cool shit," his says with a mischievous grin.

The van door slides open and two guys with dark hair peered out at me. That's where the similarities end. One of the guys was two donuts away from being considered fat, with blue eyes and probably in his late thirties. The other is thinner, though not skinny, with brown eyes. I placed him in his early twenties.

"Hey, I'm Devin," the larger guy says. "This here is Jace, and my buddy at the driver's seat is Mike.

I walk over and climb into the van. "My name is Lara," I say. Devin and Jace looked at me hungrily. Apparently they wanted their cocks sucked too.

"You know this ride ain't free," Jace says. "What you gonna give us?"

I roll my eyes. Sucking three cocks? More than I planned for but worth it all the same.

"I'll suck your cocks," I say, pushing my blonde hair out of my face.

Devin and Jace look at each other. "Lincolnshire is over thirty miles from here, I think it's worth more than a blow job." Jace says. 

"I never had me a girlie a pretty as you," Devin sneers. "How about you fuck me and we call it even?"

Fuck only Devin and get my ride? I look at his pudgy frame and decide that he probably wouldn't last long anyway.

"Fine," I say begrudgingly.

Jace's hands grip my shoulder and push me down the the van floor. 

"Mmm, you're so fucking hot, I bet you have the tightest little pussy. I'm gonna enjoy giving it to you good." Devin growls. 

Yeah right, I think to myself, imagining him giving me four or five pumps before he blowing his wad.

Jace holds my arms down while Devin pulls my shirt up. A part of me wants to protest. I don't even know these guys and I'm a little scared they'll really hurt me. 

I'm not wearing a bra, so there is nothing to stop Devin from taking the creamy white mounds of my breasts in both of his hands.

"Look at these fucking tits!" he rasps before taking a hard nipple in his mouth. My body reacts to the heat of his wet mouth and I gasp.

"You like that, you little slut?" Devin asks before sucking the other one.

"Tell him you like it," Jace commands.

"I like it!" I squeeze out as Devin nips the tip of the sensitive bud, bringing a mixture of pleasure of pain. 

Devin pulls down my shorts and underwear, and I instinctively close my legs at the exposure.

"No, you're gonna be wide open for me," Devin says, spreading my legs apart. 

He pushes his large finger inside me, and I buck and writhe on it. If feels better than I thought it would.

"You're so fucking wet and tight," he breathes out, his voice full of hungry lust. I gotta fuck you right now or I'm gonna explode."

"How many guys have you let fuck you?" Jace asks. 

"Only one," I say breathlessly as Devin's meaty finger moves inside of me.

Devin pulls back and makes quick work of pulling off his jeans and underwear. A moment later and he's back on top of me, spreading my legs as far as they will go. He shoves his massive cock into my delicate folds. I cry out for him to not go so fast, but the cry turns into a moan as his long hard cock stretches me open.

He begins thrust hard into my wet pussy, not easing into it at all. The pleasure of his thick cock slamming into me is incredible that I'm shocked. My ex's cock wasn't nearly as big.

"Aw, fuck you're so fucking tight baby," he groans and throws his head back. His pleasure is so obvious that I can't help but feel proud that my pussy is what's giving it to him. He hammers in and out of me again and again and I writhe underneath him, my loud moans mix with Devin's groans of pleasure, echoing off the van walls. My pussy contracts around his huge cock with every thrust.

"If her mouth is half as good as her pussy you gotta fuck her face, Jace," Devin pants out. 

"Sounds like a plan to me!" Jace says excitedly.

I think about saying no, but Jace straddles my chest, his enormous cock in front of my eyes. I'd never fucked and sucked a cock at the same time.

Jace pulls the panties out of my mouth and shoves his cock inside. He pins my arms down above my head with all his weight. I wiggle, trying to get free as he groans in ecstasy, his cock hitting the back of the my throat.

"Yeah baby, keep moving your hips just like that," 

"Fuck, you're right man this little bitch feels so fucking good," Jace thrusts harder and harder and I gag, tears wetting my eyes. He gives me an evil smile and fucks my mouth. He grunts in pleasure while Devin speeds up, matching Jace in sounds of rapture.

I'm giving both of these men such intense pleasure at once and the knowledge heightens my own euphoria. I can feel my own orgasm building, an incessant heat that needed release. With every thrust of their cocks I feel it building higher and higher. 

"Our little slut loves it," Devin wheezes out. "Why don't we switch?"

Before I even know what's happening both men have pull out of me and flip me over so I'm on all fours. They switch places and Jace plunges his cock into my pussy. He grips my hips hard, digging his fingers in almost painfully. 

"Oh fuck!" Jace moans loudly, pumping into my slick pussy so hard I feel like I might come undone. Devin pulls my face up to look at him.

"Look at me while you suck my cock," he commands shoving his cock into my mouth.

I can taste my juice on him and I lick and slurp while his eyes close in ecstasy. "Fuck yeah, suck me until I come in your little whore mouth," he groans. 

I suck him hard, bobbing my head up and down his thick hard shaft. Devin's head falls back and his mouth hangs open as he grasps my hair an guides my head up and down on his cock. Jace grips my hips tighter and pounds my pussy, his huge thick cock taking me closer to the edge.

"Fuck, this bitch has the tightest pussy I've ever felt!," He shouts.

I feel myself cum around Jace's massive cock. I moan as Devin's cock hits the back of my throat. He grunts, a satisfied sound and empties his load down my throat. I swallow it eagerly.

The car stops and Devin pull out of my mouth, satisfied. Mike opens the sliding door.

"This shit sounds like too much fun, I want in on the little slut."

Jace keeps pumping into me. "You can fuck her after I'm done" he rasps.

"Fuck that, let me in there now," Mike says, pulling his pants down and revealing his thick rock hard cock. "I want to fuck the hole that hasn't been used up yet."

Jace pulls out of me and lays down. He turns me to face him and pulls me onto his cock. I moan as his cock his my G-spot. Mike grips my hair and whispers in my ear, "you ever been fucked in your ass?"

My eyes widen in fear. I didn't want him to fuck my ass. I know it would hurt. I feel him spit on my asshole twice, then his massive cock presses at the opening and I cry to out tell him no. Mike clamps his hand over my mouth and eases inside me.

"Fuck!" he yells out as he plunges into my asshole. He stretches the tender hole and I groan. It hurts for a few moments, but when he eases in and out, moaning his pleasure at fucking my asshole, it begins to feel good. I was being filled with two huge cocks in a way I'd only ever seen in porn. The perversity of it all was so erotic and I never thought I would experience anything like it.

Jace and Mike grunt and groan, telling me how good my holes feel around their cocks. Mike slaps my ass."Ride our cock, bitch," he demanded.

I do what I was told, moving my hips up and down on their massive cocks feeling them fill me over and over.

Jace squeezed my tits, pinching the nipples. "Fuck I'm gonna cum!" Jace cries out. I feel him empty his hot load into me and it runs down my thighs. Mike pulled me off of Jace and turned me to face Devin.

"I'm not finished yet, slut," he breaths in my ear. He grips my tender hips and fucks my asshole hard. I cry out, the mix of pleasure and pain almost too much.

"Shut this bitch up!" Mike growls as he punishes my asshole. Devin shoves his cock in my mouth again. I couldn't believe he was able to get hard again so fast.

Devin grabs my ponytail, shoving his thick cock in and out of my mouth. Mike slaps my ass over and over as he pumped away. I gag.

"Shit, yeah! Wreck that whore's ass!" Jace cheers. 

"Such a tight fucking asshole, oh fuck, you feel so fucking good. I'm gonna fill you up with my cum you little tramp." Mike groans deeply as his hot cum fills my ass.

"I gotta get a taste of that honey hole," Devin says, pulling out my mouth and laying me on my back. He rams into my ass, gripping my tits and he pounds me into the van floor.

"This girl's a fucking champ!" Jace hoots.

"So. Fucking. Tight!" Devin grunts with each pump. "Oh fuck!"

"Clean my cock, make it hard so I can fuck your mouth again," Jace demands. "Do your job, slut."

I slurp on Jace's cock until it's rock hard again. He fucks my mouth while Devin destroys my asshole. Devin groans and slams into my one more time, filling my asshole with cum.

"I never got to have that ass," Jace says, pulling out of my mouth. He lays down again and pulls me on top of him, this time sinking into my asshole.

"Even after two cocks it's still tight as fuck!" He groans. "Give me a show you fucking cunt."

Jace puts his behind his head while Devin and Mike cheer. I bounce and moan as I feel another orgasm building in me.

"She loves it her ass, look at her go!" Mike shouts. 

"You're the perfect little whore," Jace groans as I bounce on his cock. "Fuck me harder, bitch!"

I obey, bouncing up and down harder until I can't hold back anymore. I cry out as another climax rocks me, my asshole clenching and milking Jace's shaft.

"Oh fuck!" He moans, his cum shooting far into my ass.

I sink to the floor of the van, so tired from having all my holes used so vigorously. 

"How many times can we do that before Lincolnshire?" I say when I finally catch my breath. The men chuckle. 

"As many times as you want baby," Mike laughs.