 I really wasn't sure about this. Okay, I had made the booking but could easily cancel it. I had been in two minds from the moment she contacted me but as I drove around the city by-pass I was now certain this was a mistake. It could never be like it had been before. That I knew, but I wasn't really sure what it now could be. I decided that I would drive to where I said I would pick her up, explain that I had changed my mind, apologise of course, then return home. I was sure that she would see my point of view. What we had in the past just simply couldn't be revived. 

It was nine months since we had last met. Nine long months. The first couple were painful, but I began to understand and it began to get better as the months went by. I stopped looking at her photographs from her birthday shoot everyday and by the time my own birthday passed I realised that I hadn't looked at them for weeks. She was becoming a simple memory; a pleasant memory but that was all. A memory of a couple of good years, an awakening, a time of excitement and discovery. A time of secrets and illicit liaisons; but a time that I could never really forget, so perhaps she would always be more than a simple memory. 

She'd left suddenly without warning. I thought she had been caught out. Normally after any of our liaisons we would have been in touch with each other after a couple of weeks just to check in, perhaps start to plan our next. We liked to leave at least two months between them, sometimes longer, avoiding Christmas and family birthdays. However this time there was silence, a complete radio black-out. I was patient, but my patience wore thin. Perhaps I had read her wrong all along, but then again we had both agreed our arrangement suited us equally.

When she did get in touch she did try to explain her absence. Also to tell me of her intended extended, if not permanent absence. She needed to 're-connect'. Our liaisons had been a whirlwind but she now had all her desires and fantasies satisfied. She needed to 're-connect' with her real life and rekindle the passion that she had with her husband. 'Glad to have been of assistance!' I thought at the time. I knew it would end at some point but I was still a bit shocked when it happened so suddenly. Had I just been used to satisfy a short term urge to do all the things she ever wanted but had never done? My mind had gone into overdrive. But hey, I accepted it pretty quickly as I realised I had done exactly the same. I had come to accept that she'd probably done the right thing - got it out of her system then returned to the life that she had lived for over twenty years. I knew at that time that I should do the same.

It still felt hard though but I knew I couldn't go back. When she called out of the blue I should have replied with firm 'No'! However, my curiosity had gotten the better of me yet again. I really should have been more resolute. 

My mind wandered as I stopped once more at the end of yet another long row of dazzling brake lights. These were a clear indication to stop! I had made my mind up. I had wobbled but I had to be firm. She may be disappointed but I had to call this off. A quick explanation, a quick phone call to cancel the bed and breakfast and a quick farewell. Over and done with. End of adventure. End of affair.

I pulled off the by-pass and into the car park where we had arranged to meet. She was already there, waiting, bottom propped up on a wall, her long legs stretched out in front of her. 'Damn!' I thought as she came into view 'She's my fucking Kryptonite!'  

I was in trouble!

She looked different. Her hair was shorter, that was clear, but she looked somehow younger, perhaps more radiant, more confident. She beamed at me as she crossed over to the car, throwing her small bag into the back before climbing in next to me. She leaned in and gave me a kiss on my left cheek, my legs wobbled. Her scent filled the car; memories of our times together flooded my mind, my heart began to race. I felt helpless, I knew immediately that I couldn't resist re-opening the Pandora's Box that she was for me, letting all her evils out.

"Well?" she asked with raised eyebrows.

"I'm good, I'm fine, yes... if that's what you mean"

"I meant 'Well, what do you think to this? I mean us? And where are we going?"

"Ah", I paused. I thought about the decision I had just made driving here. 'Stop, end this, go home'. I thought about my first glimpse of her outstretched legs in her tight jeans and knee high boots, the way her blouse was stretched across her boobs, the curves of her hips as she stood when she saw me. I thought about the fact that my cock twitched when I looked at her. Yes, I had made up my mind.

"A small bed and breakfast just the other side of the border. Miles from anywhere. No-one to bother us at all. Two days of just the two of us. Nothing more. Time to catch-up. Time to reflect..."

I felt a small groan inside of me - 'you idiot' it was saying, 'listen to your mind, not your cock!'

"Perfect," she said in reply. "Sounds like just what we need. Come on, get going! There's more than a peck on the cheek waiting for you!"

I slammed the engine into gear and sped off quickly, my cock stiffening in my boxer shorts. I swallowed hard, my heart thumped. 

"We'll be there in no time." I managed to croak.

***

It wasn't long before we left the city behind and well on our way down through the Borders and into England. The bed and breakfast I had chosen was on a remote farm on the South edge of the National Park. The area was known for its 'dark skies' - the lack of light pollution was perfect for star gazing. What we were going for was its remoteness - a chance to be by ourselves. I didn't have anything else in mind other than relaxation and hot sex. Lots of relaxation and bucket-loads of hot sex. It had been nine months after all and, on reflection, my reservations were groundless; there was no way I was ever going to resist! We had our own 're-connecting' to do, and boy were we going to 're-connect' big time!

We turned off the main road and along a narrow farm track. I glanced across at Ali's boobs bouncing around over the bumps. She turned and grinned.

"Missed them, have you?" She looked down to my cock. "I see that you have!" 

I shook my head in feigned disapproval.

"Obviously not as much as you've missed ..." I replied looking downwards. 

She adjusted herself, pushing her boobs out further in a playful tease. It felt nice to be together again.

We parked up and walked across a small courtyard to the entrance of the farmhouse, directed by the sign. The farm itself appeared to be quite busy with a number of people fussing about unloading trucks and moving large bales of hay about on tractors, wagons and forklifts. Numerous vans were parked and it did look like there were preparations being made for some kind of event. 'Hmmm', I thought, 'peace and quiet is what we want. I hope that it's not tonight.'

We pushed a stabled door open into the farmhouse and approached the small reception desk, pressing down on a traditional bell. After a couple of moments, the owner appeared and welcomed us.

A few details and niceties were exchanged, he explained a few things about where we were, the facilities, about our room and other such information. We enquired about a good nearby restaurant. 

"No need for that tonight. There will be food at the 'event'."

"Event?" My heart was dropping like a stone. 'There goes our peace!' I shot Alison a glance that said 'Sorry, I didn't know'.

"Yes, every couple of months we have a get together. You know, a themed night. It's Country and Western this time, out in the barns. You'll have seen us setting up on the way in."

"Yes, we wondered what was going on."

"Well, you should come along. There's food, music, entertainment, lots to watch, dancing, line-ups and much more to take part in if you wish. People make a great effort to get into the swing of things. Dressing up, play acting. You know. All that kind of stuff. You'll love it."

"I don't think Country and Western's our thing really." I raised an eyebrow to Ali. She shook her head in agreement with me.

"That doesn't really matter. It's just good fun. Look, the place will be heaving. We've couples from all over the North coming. You'll hardly be able to move. You'll be amazed at how we all get along so well. And our guests are always welcome to join in. You'll make so many new friends. They'll be fighting each other off to get to know you!" 

My heart sunk further. Noise, people, music, cars everywhere. This weekend was about to turn into a nightmare.

"It really won't be our thing, sorry." I reaffirmed.

"Well, I wouldn't want you to miss out. Perhaps Tammy will convince you." 

"Tammy?" I enquired.

"Yes, Tammy, my wife. She can talk anyone into doing something. You'll meet her soon."

'Tammy!' I mouthed to Ali rolling my eyes.

He gave us directions up to our room and we set off back across the courtyard to the converted outbuildings that served as the accommodation. We closed the door into the stairway behind us and fell into fits of laughter. 

"Country and Western? Tammy? You couldn't make this up! I'm so sorry Ali, this place was meant to be away from everything. I honestly didn't know I'd taken you to Nashville!"

"It's okay, we'll just hide under the covers for the night. Seriously though, he never did give us the name of a restaurant. With all the cars and comings and goings it may be tricky to get out. I'm not walking miles down that track. It's a bit far."

"Well, we could go to the - what did he call it? - the 'event'. Grab some food, do a bit of line-dancing, hee ha, then come back up here. Sound good?"

"Apart from the dancing. And besides, you're going to need all your strength tonight!" she laughed as she grabbed my hand to haul me up the final stairs and into the room.

"I've waited a while for this."

She pushed me into the bed and started to do a slow strip singing (badly):

"Sometimes it's hard to be a woman, da,da,da,da,da.

Giving all your love to just one man...

Stand by your man, da,da,da,da,da!"

She slowly spun around as she sang, swinging her hips teasingly, undoing the buttons on her blouse one by one, each time exposing her breasts a little bit more. My cock was pressing hard against my jeans, trying to burst out. This woman could make me sweat! My heart raced, my breathing was deep and all I could think about was to get deep inside of her and quickly.

She pulled her boots off and straddled over me, undoing the last button on her blouse. She then did that trick that mesmerises most men when she reached around to the back of her bra, unclipping then by shuffling her arms around in some manner then slipped her bra off and out through the arm of her blouse, leaving her breasts on show through the open buttons. How I had longed for these breasts over the months, I thought to myself. I put my hands up to hold them but she pushed them away.

"Tut, tut! Tammy's in charge." she laughed as she raised herself up off me to undo her jeans, slowly sliding them sensually down over her hips before, less sensually, kicking them off her legs. 

She pulled back the bedcover, slipping it from beneath me before commencing to undo my shirt buttons. Her head was lowered next to mine as she breathed deeply against my ear.

"This will be the re-connection of your life," she whispered as I felt her hand squeezing my cock before unzipping my jeans. 

I felt her tongue lick across my shoulder and down my bare chest. She sucked on my nipples before lowering further, kissing down on my stomach. She tugged at the waistband of my boxers freeing my cock as it sprung upwards. I was happy to lie back and let her take control of this; perhaps it was her way of saying sorry for her absence but then again it could possibly simply be pure lust. Her hands pulled my boxers lower and, with a few shuffles, off my legs. She rose up straddling me again, her boobs hanging loose, her pussy brushing against my cock through the thin fabric of her knickers and through which I could just make out the outline of her well tended neat pubic hair, the memory of which was ingrained deeply in my mind.

"Now where was I heading?" She said with a wicked grin. 

She pulled the bedcover high over us into a tent as she lowered back

down. "Ah, yes!" As she quickly sank her mouth back down towards my cock.

She took me into her mouth, swirling her tongue around my tip, sucking gently at first but building greedily. Her hand cupped around my balls, the other grasping my shaft as she began a steady rhythm. This is what I loved most about being with Alison. She was happily doing the things I didn't get at home. I pressed my head back firmly into the pillow, pushing my hips up towards her just enjoying the intense sensations that were flowing through my body and mind. 

The bedcover was pushed high in the air by Ali's bottom as she knelt between my legs. My arms gripped around the sides of her head, my fingers exploring and caressing her ears and hair. I closed my eyes, I didn't want this to stop. With each flick of her tongue, each swirl around and each suck in, my balls would tingle and my knees would weaken. Under the covers I could feel my face warm up, we needed some air so I threw the bedcover to the side. My body was telling me to go for it; explode into her, fill her mouth. She wasn't stopping and there was no signal for me to hold back, so she could have both barrels. I opened my eyes so I could see myself cum into her. 

What I saw in front of me stopped me in my tracks. I froze. Alison raised her head and looked up at me with a puzzled look. She immediately saw the surprise in my expression. I nodded in the direction of the door. She turned her head and froze too. 

"Oh you two just ignore little ole' me. Carry on. It looks like you were having fun."

Ali grabbed the bedcover and pulled herself up into the pillows beside me, half covering her face. 

"Oh, don't be shy. Hi, I'm Tammy. Samuel mentioned you wanted a word. Need some help preparing for tonight?" he asked.

I turned to Alison to see the look of absolute terror and embarrassment on her face. I mouthed 'Tammy and Sammy' to her, she giggled.

I looked across at Tammy. She stood fairly tall, about five seven maybe, long slender legs in very short denim shorts, a tied denim shirt which showed off her flat stomach way down to the low cut shorts, brown leather cowboy boots and, well that's it as far as clothes go it was clear she had nothing else on under her shirt as her fairly fulsome boobs stretched it tight. Her bleached blond hair was tied up high with some red and white ribbons, matched only by her ruby red lipstick. Her striking blue eyes were set off by long lashes. She was very much the stereotypical presentation of a true Country and Western cowgirl. But it was a look that suited her perfectly; she looked gorgeous standing in the doorway smiling down at us.

"How long have you been there?" I asked. "I never heard you knock".

"Oh we don't go in for formalities like knocking on doors here, we just wander in and out. I've not been here long. I found you with the covers pulled over and kinda just worked out what was going on underneath."

Ali groaned with embarrassment.

"I'm sorry I interrupted. Please, feel free to finish off, I can wait."

She stood still at the door showing no indication of leaving. Ali shook her head. "I think I've lost the moment". I nodded in agreement.

"Well in that case, I brought these for you."

She lifted a pile of clothes off the dresser which she had evidently just placed down when she entered before standing to watch us. She presented half to me then invited Ali to go with her. Ali pulled the bedcovers tighter, Tammy laughed.

"I've seen it all before. Don't mind me." Ali shook her head. "Okay, just follow me out, I'll wait on the stairs for you." She turned and left the room.

"What the...?" I turned to Ali.

"She stood there watching us! You threw off the cover! She saw me with you in my..."

"Yes, and she seemed to be enjoying it! She must have been there for ages. I was just about to cu..."

"God that's embarrassing. I was going to make sure I milked you dry!"

"What are we going to do? I mean look, look at these - jeans, cowboy boots, a checked shirt, waistcoat and a huge fucking cowboy belt! I'll look like a right hick!"

Ali laughed, "Oh my, Sheriff, what a big gun you have there. Wanna shoot?"

"This isn't funny! I think we're stuck. Honestly. We'll have to go, grab some food and get the hell out of Dodge fast!"

"Hee haa! Let's ride em' cowboy. I'll go and see the lovely Tammy. Somehow I already know what outfit she'll have for me!"

***

Tammy lead Ali by the hand into a room downstairs, stood by her side and began to study her.

"Now let's see what we can do with you, sweetheart."

"Have you a magic wand?" Ali responded sarcastically.

"No, I certainly don't need one either. Tall, long legs to kill for, ample boobs, nice curves on those hips. Yes, plenty to work with. You'll be popular! Everyone will want a piece of you!"

Ali returned a puzzled look.

"Don't worry, I'll be by your side."

"We're only going for something to eat, that's all."

"Well I'm sure that you'll find something to suit your tastes. Now, try these. I think Samuel has got your size right. He has a good eye for figures."

She pushed her pert boobs out a bit further.

"So I see." replied Ali with the beginnings of a grin.

She handed Ali a pair of shorts identical to the ones she was wearing. Ali eyed them sceptically. She unbuttoned her jeans and slipped them down over her hips and stepped out. She was aware of Tammy watching every move. Had it not been for the birthday photo shoot she wouldn't have been able to do this, she was thinking as she pulled the tight shorts up. 'Hmmm, they are quite a good fit', she said inwardly as she twisted around to look down at their bum.

Tammy approached her. "Nice" she said pulling the waistband upwards tightening the shorts against Ali's bottom. "But that's better!"

She took what looked like a cotton headscarf and passed it through the belt loops, tying it at the front. She signalled Ali to take off her blouse as she lifted a shirt from the small pile of clothes. The shirt was similar to Tammy's but darker colours. Ali unbuttoned her blouse and slipped it off. 

"Hmmm," Tammy exclaimed as she studied Ali standing in her bra. She stepped forward and cupped Ali's boobs together pushing upwards. 

"Now that would be better. Try this."

She whipped off her own shirt and took off her bra. Her pert boobs stayed in exactly the same position as when they had been held in place. 

'Well that doesn't happen when I take mine off' thought Ali. She cringed a bit inside as she put Tommy's warm underwear around her. Tammy stepped forward again, boobs unmoving, and adjusted the straps over Ali's shoulders and back. Ali felt her boobs being pressed upwards tightly. 

"Now that's perfect!" she said walking Ali over to a full length mirror. "Have a look."

Her boobs did indeed look fantastic. She wasn't aware she could have such a cleavage. Her hips looked nice and curved and her bum tight 'for a change!' she thought to herself. She was aware however, that as she admired herself, that a bare chested younger blond bombshell was standing behind her doing exactly the same. For some reason though, this didn't bother her at all. 

Tammy passed her the shirt which she slipped on and tied it similar to Tammy's, although a bit lower covering more. Tammy stepped forward to run her fingers through her hair. "Just long enough," she said "perhaps two short ones." Ali was puzzled.

She pulled Ali down into a seat and set about pleating her hair into two ponytails. She was still bare chested and Ali could feel her boobs brushing against her shoulders now and then. She studied Tammy in the mirror. It was obvious that whilst she was concentrating on her hair, the brushes of her boobs were intentional as she could see her take a deep breath in each time. She was also aware of the tingling sensation that shot through herself each time - a rapid connection between her nipples and her pussy, deep within herself. A sensation that she found herself quite willing to accept each time. 
