 We were on our second week of touring the South of France in our little drop top sports car when Jane decided her summer wardrobe could do with freshening up. So we headed from the small fishing village, where we had spent the previous few days, to the nearest metropolis in search of the latest thing in holiday wear.

Before leaving Jane bemoaned the fact that having caught up on her washing the morning, she had no dry knickers to wear. "Don't be silly", I told her "you've been either naked or almost naked all week, put on a skirt, and if the worst comes to the worst you can buy a pair later"

She had on an extremely short denim skirt, so I could see the reason she wanted some pants to cover her newly waxed pussy.

"Look, I enjoy touching you up from time to time as we drive along, so lets go without the pants till we get to the shops OK?"

"OK"

She then slipped on a flimsy tee-shirt, with no bra restraining her perfect tits, against the light streaming in through the bedroom window, they were completely visible.

"Sexy outfit " I thought, shortest of skirts, see through top, no underwear of any description, ready to fuck at a moments notice!

All the way down the Motorway I was fingering her pussy and fondling her tits, she was as excited as I was, and promised me "A good time" when we got back to the hotel that evening.

I found a multi story car park not too far from the centre of town, and eventually got a slot on -3, as Jane got out of our low slung sports car four young men (in their 20's I'd have said) in track suits and sneakers rounded the corner near us, heading towards the lift. The angle was perfect for them to see her waxed pussy head on as she placed one foot on the ground with the other , still in the foot-well of the car, legs fully apart her short mini skirt bunched up to her middle, the view was un interrupted and lewd.

A low wolf whistle and some murmured comments ( which we could not understand) greeted her flash of cunt.

Shrugging off her embarrassment she took my arm and we headed for the lifts.

The four lads were also waiting, and politely said "Bonjour" to both of us, but mostly to Jane , who's tits they were inspecting without trying to hide their interest.

The cavernous lift opened and we all trooped in, the boys letting us go first.

Once the door closed one of them got behind Jane and another one facing her, two lads got one either side of me, moving closer than was necessary given the size of the lift.

One of the fellows near me reached out and turned off the emergency switch between levels-2 and -1

The lad facing Jane put his hand under her short skirt and putting his hand on her pussy, exclaimed in accented English "My goodness Madame has NO pants, do you think she wants to fuck so has no undergarments to slow her down?"

"NO but wait Madame has no pubic hairs, perhaps she is too young to fuck and just wants to pee"

The chap behind her grabbed her tits under her flimsy shirt and joined in the fun with "Its OK Madame has a nice big pair of tits and is getting hard little nipples as I pinch them, so she wants to fuck more than she wants to pee"

"Well then lets help Madame out and give her a free fuck to make her welcome."

"Get your paws of me you degenerates, go play with yourselves and stop annoying descent people"

The fellow behind her reached down and catching her behind the knees lifted her off the floor, so that her thighs were flat against her tits , her back was against his chest, her arms were trapped in side his, and her pussy was now on full view of his mate who was in front of her.

"Now listen to this Madame, you are going to be fucked, you are going to be sodomised, you are going to suck cock, all of this will happen to you, if you behave like a nice civilised little girl with no pants on in public, then you might even have a good time, but if you give us any grief - well we will quite simply beat the shit out of you and your husband and STILL fuck the daylights out of you OK!"

I nodded to Jane to let them get on with their little game, and not risk broken bones or worse at their hands.

"I cant take on four of them, we cant get out of here, so if its just a fuck they want best let 'em have it."

"So the choice is yours, cooperate and get fucked, don't and still get fucked plus kicked to shit on top of it"

Without waiting for a reply the guy facing her put several fingers in her cunt and started frigging her at high speed, "Madame was already wet and open for visitors before I started, so perhaps she really does want to be fucked!"

The wanking was beginning to have an effect on her as her breath was coming in short gasps, and she was beginning to blush, I also noticed her chest had darkened in colour and her nipples were fully erect and sticking out strait.

She gave a gasp and a squirt of cum shot from her abused pussy, her young assailant laughed saying "Madame is not only glad to see us, Madame is making her cunt juicy and open for many pricks to enter!"

Taking his fingers out of her pussy he unzipped his pants to produce a big rigid cock, with a shiny bulbous head, damp with pre cum juice, " A bit lower he told his pal, and she was brought down to meet the thrusting head of his cock.

In one lunge he imbedded its length in her soft cunt, she cried out in surprise and anguish as she was being raped by the first man ,other than my self, to have his cock inside her.

He shafted deeply till the first stirring s of response from her were becoming noticeable.

He took out his wet tool and rubbing it up and down on her clit he asked her which way she would like to be fucked, hard and nasty, or strong and considerate?

"Oh please, don't hurt us, if all you want is a bit of intercourse then OK, but no sadistic or kinky stuff PLEASE."

With that she felt the hands holding her off the ground loosening and she was standing facing her tormentor.

"OK get your kit off, such as it is, and down on all fours to be fucked like a dog"

She stepped out of her miniskirt and shrugged off her top, standing splendid in her nakedness, not ashamed in spite of the awful circumstances in which she found herself .

The two either side of me clamped their hands on my wrists and warned me not to intervene, all they wanted was a bit of fun fucking the pretty tourist, no violence no problem. OK? However I had to stay quiet and NOT cause problems for myself.

I nodded agreement gritting my teeth.

Jane was now on all flours on the dirty lift floor, and her rapist was about to start fucking her from behind, as he slid into her she shuddered and grunted, with revulsion, I hoped, rather than passion.

The other guy that had been feeling her tits came round in front of her and knelt down facing her, unzipped his jeans and produced an already erect penis, of substantial size and girth." Suck that , Bitch" he ordered, she took the prick in her hand and took its head between her delicate lips. I was , in spite of my horror of the situation in which we found ourselves, getting sexually aroused, my prick was stiffening watching my naked wife being fucked doggy style by a rapist, whilst she sucked the dick of another of the same ilk.

"She has a lovely wet, hot, tight, cunt and she is giving my rod a squeeze with her cunt muscles regularly and very professionally. I think she's enjoying getting fucked, but she's too hoity-toity to admit it. Any minute now she's going to cum big time, wait and see."

The news that she was squeezing his dick came as surprise to me as it was a little trick she used when very sexually excited and aroused, if the rapist was correct she was in fact sensually enjoying her forced intercourse.

The little bastard was right about her cumming however ,as she started moaning and grinding back against his inward thrusts to her dripping hole.

That got him going ,and with a lot of shouting and high speed fucking ,he began a huge climax deep in her cunt, squirt after squirt went in with more and more noise. She was responding physically violently and matching his spasms perfectly , as he shoved into her she shoved back against him in unison.. It was an impressive display and in different circumstances quite erotically impressive. But given the fact that my wife was being raped by some foreign delinquents it left me more than somewhat disgusted, not withstanding my growing arousal and ever increasing masive hard on.

As soon as he made his final lunge into her sopping hole, he called on his pal , who was having head, to replace him in her cunt. He, as instructed, withdrew his sucked erection from her mouth and got behind her, placing his large rampant dick instead the one that had just filled her with cum.

The guy who was giving the instructions then knelt before her and told her to lick him clean.

At first she didn't want anything to do with his dripping prick .

But the threat of violence changed her mind to the point that she had his dick in her mouth licking it lasciviously and ,it as appeared to me, enthusiastically. 

"Get on the ground on your back and let her fuck herself from the top for a while" he instructed his mate.

His buddy duly lay down with Jane kneeling squatted on top, as they re engaged I saw to my amazement that she reached out behind her to put his prick into he dripping pussy. I thought-so much for rape! this looks more consensual group sex to me! 

Soon she was bouncing up and down on him in what appeared to be an ecstatic trance, and fairly quickly reaching a noisy orgasm.

One of my minders then left my side, and positioned himself behind her moving arse, and wetting his fingers from the abundant streams of cum on her thighs, began frigging her tight little arse bud.

"Don't touch me there, I don't do that!"

"STOP IT YOU'RE HURTING"

"PLEASE STOP NOW"

"I'VE NEVER EVER DONE THAT WITH ANYONE"

But he kept at it, getting more and more fingers into her secret hole.

Soon he had four fingers and a thumb in the form of a cone sliding in and out of her now open orifice, she had stopped wailing and shouting at that stage, as, presumably, he was no longer hurting her with his hole wanking/widening activities.

He took out his erect prick and placed it on her pink arse bud and firmly but slowly began forcing entry.

The shouting and wailing started again with exclamations of rape ,sodomy, loss of virginity ,and the rest of it. Nothing stopped the gradual but inexorable introduction of his prick into her fundament.

Then the real fuck fest started with her being deeply reamed in both of her holes, the tempo was fast and furious and no mercy was shown, they kept at it till she cried out that she couldn't take any more, she was destroyed, but rather than let up they redoubled their efforts till they both came in her, each one in his chosen hole. Cum was pouring from both orifices when she had to perform the cleanup of the two pricks, I could not determine her mental state at that point, physically she was panting from exertion and beaded in sweat, but no longer moaning about rape and abuse.

My other minder now took her roughly from behind, starting in her cunt and finishing to cum hugely in her arse, The leader of the gang then said it was my turn to show how much I loved my wife by fucking her in her well used arse, he added that ,if she had not a lied about her arse hole' virginity, it would be my first time in her bum, so if nothing else I could thank them for THAT, whatever about the rest of proceedings.

He also added that if did not fuck her in front of them, then things would go very badly for me

She was still on all fours, the four ruffians surrounding us, she nodded her ascent for me to start buggering her (in truth a first for us).

No foreplay was needed as I had a huge hard on, and she was to say the least, well lubricated.

I took my tool from my pants and with care slid it slowly up her arse.

"You don't have to be gentle after what I've been through, fuck me rough and hard and deep, go at it , Tiger!"

I did just that ,with the shouts of the rapists egging me on to fuck her harder and faster, I was in a sexual daze fucking my own wife in her arse in front of a rowdy audience of four louts, and I responded by going at it like a maniac, soon I felt the tingling in my balls of a mighty orgasm, and just as I had begun to pump my boiling jism into her, I felt the lift move, the doors began to open but there was no way I could stop cumming, the four lads ran out of the lift, and I was left facing a number of middle aged couples waiting to board the lift. The look of horror on their faces was only matched by mine, not to mention my wife's.

I pulled ,holding my out still spurting cock, and slammed the door-shut button, then the floor button for where we had parked our car.

Looking round the lift I realised the little bastards had taken her cloths with them , to prevent us pursuing them , and raising the alarm, I supposed. They were right about that!

I pulled off my shirt and gave it to Jane.

We raced to the car and exited the car park at speed.

I knew full well that the people waiting for the lift would be on to the police ,pronto, and my trying to explain why I was buggering my wife in a public place would take precedence over any tails of rape or gang bangs.

We speed back towards our hotel in silence. Jane finally spoke up , saying " You know it wasn't really that terrible, no one was hurt, and I have to say some of it was quite exciting. Oh! and by the way pull over at the next rest halt, I want to suck your prick clean for you!"