 One of my Literotica friends has asked me to add a little bit more about my fun that I had in my younger day. I was 19, just about to turn 20 when this experience occurred.

I have already written but not yet shared a couple of the fun times I had on foreign holidays with my friends.

I will be adding them to this 'series' of experiences.

The fun I had experienced had whetted my appetite for more and I took every opportunity I could to have some fun whenever away.

On one such occasion I had been away with a couple of friends for a short break in London. A bit of sightseeing and also a bit of retail therapy as well.

The friends I had gone with had planned a visit to some family they had down there,and as I didn't know them I decided to give it a miss.

I decided I would go for a bit of a wander myself. Take in some sights, do some shopping and see if I could have a bit of fun.

I was glad I did!

It was a nice summers day so I had dressed for the warm weather. A shortish denim mini skirt, white blouse and a pair of moderate heels. I had a new set of white undies to go with it. Frilly and lacy white panties and a white bra.

I set off from our hotel once the two other girls had left for their overnight visit to their aunts house.

My first stop was a coffee shop for some refreshment before doing a little bit of shopping on Oxford Street.

I hadn't had any cock for a well over a week or so and I was ready for a bit of nookie.

On finishing my spending spree in the early afternoon, I headed back to the hotel, happy with my purchases and also feeling a bit fruity and up for some fun.

On arrival back at the hotel I settled in to the bar area for a wee G&T to unwind following my shopping trip. There was a large conference room/hall adjacent to the bar and I had noticed in the morning that there was some type of business seminar being held in it.

A few of the business men and women had already begun to filter into the bar area and I noticed that they all appeared to be winding their meeting down.

I was sat in a window area looking out onto the grounds of the hotel and as I sat looking out I noticed a few guys at the bar giving me the once over. I was beginning to get that naughty feeling that maybe some fun was on offer here, and I started to glance over in their direction, hoping maybe they would make eye contact, and see if any of them were brave enough to approach.

I needn't have worried because within a few minutes one of the three men approached asking if I would mind if they pinched the other seats around my table.

I of course said, "help yourself."

To which the man asked me if I was waiting for some friends or would I like too join his small group for a drink or two?

I gleefully accepted, explaining about my friends being away and about me being on my own. Very quickly the other two men joined us and we introduced ourselves.

The three men were in fact two brothers, Sanjit and Dillip and one of their suppliers Ian.

It transpired that they owned a small chain of shops (ladies clothes/boutiques) in the south of the country, the conference was on some managerial technique or other and they were staying overnight in the hotel afterwards.

I would have placed the two brothers in there early 50s and Ian in his 40s. They were all well turned out in suits and lovely smart shoes. Rather on the paunchy side, not fat exactly, but a little bit overweight.

We chatted and I was asked why I was down in London, why I hadn't gone with my friends, and what had I been buying etc.

On answering them I could tell that the elder brother Sanjit was straining to try and get a glimpse down my top as I sat chatting, and as I motioned forward to pick up my drink this got me thinking to myself.

'Ah so the randy bugger wants to have a peek eh.'

I then began to make sure I lent forward just that little bit more and that my tits were jutting out wards as I did so, hoping the randy fucker would get a bit of a titty flash as I did so.

I think I was managing to do it quite well,and making it look quite accidental, because he certainly got flushed around the face, and I don't think it was just from his glass of whiskey!

By the next round of drinks it was becoming obvious that they were all flirting with me and that I was openly responding.

The usual moves had been employed by me: flicking of my hair, crossing and uncrossing of my legs, which seemed to particularly entertain Dillip, the stretching across to reach for things accentuating my titties and making Sanjit go redder and redder in the face.

We had a pleasant chat and flirt for a good hour or so, the conversation becoming more suggestive with the passing of time and the consumption of another round or two of drinks.

I had informed them of me buying myself some new shoes, undies and a new dress whilst out shopping in the morning. Ian was the first to respond, asking if they were sexy undies for my boyfriend, and if the dress was short enough to be interesting.

I had been giggling away with him saying that he was a 'cheeky so and so' adding that the dress was 'far too short for in here anyway!"

He was responding by telling me that would be a sight worth seeing. as I had 'nice legs' and he told me he certainly enjoyed them in my mini skirt.

By now it was obvious they were trying to pull me and that I was certainly open to the idea.

They asked me what my plans for later where, and I said I would probably have a shower and may well be popping out for a meal somewhere and then probably be back at the hotel again for a couple of drinks.

At this point Sanjit asked me if I would like to go for a meal with them, as they had planned a trip out for a meal and then had hoped they might 'get lucky' and meet some nice ladies.

I said I would love to join them but that if they were hoping to meet some ladies they may be better without me tagging along.

Ian replied by saying 'well we've already met one' and that I seemed like fun. By this point I had already made up my mind ... I was fucking them all that night.

I then said, "Okay I will go and get changed and meet you in an hour or so?"

This was greeted with a welcome round of yes pleases and I was soon headed off to the lift. My shopping in tow, and giving my best wiggle as I was making my way back to my room.

Ian decided he needed to go to his room at the same time and so we headed off together to the lift. Sanjit and Dillip were sat finishing off their drinks and smiled as Ian made his way with me.

Once in the lift Ian asked if I was okay with having the three of them so obviously chatting me up.

I responded by saying I was a big girl and could handle the three of them no problem.

Ian then simply asked, "And would you?"

"Would I what," I asked back, knowing full well what he was meaning.

"Well if the three of us fancied a bit of fun, could you handle us all?"

I looked at him and gave him a wry smile, "I have handled more than three before don't you worry," and with that I gave him a wee peck on the cheek and told him I would meet him and the others in an hour or so.

I could tell he was desperate to make a move on me there and then, but the tease in me just wanted to keep him waiting.

Once in my room I was little bit giddy from one too many G&Ts and also from the familiar feeling of sex taking over me. I knew that if I played this right I was getting a lot of attention that evening and that just made me feel even randier.

I showered, pampered my self, gave my cunny a fresh shave and cream and then started to get ready.

I had bought a nice black dress in the morning. Mini length but quite elegant, strapped and backless. I had also bought some new black wedge style shoes and also some nice hold up stockings and undies from one of the 'posh shops' on Oxford Street.

Once dressed and made up I was beginning to feel that warm, wet tingling sensation that my fanny gets when I am in the mood for some real fun.

By this time it was well over an hour and a half later and so I thought that I should make my way downstairs to see if they were all talk and no action or if they were going to take me out.

They were all sat in the lounge area. They had all changed into different suits and had obviously made the effort. Aftershave was heavy in the air and I could see a couple of shaky hands as I walked over too them.

"Oh hiya Anna, gosh you look lovely," was the response I got as they all admired me in my dress.

I gave them a little twirl and told them, "Thanks very much, you all look lovely too."

Ian had already ordered a taxi for us and informed me that they had taken the liberty of booking a restaurant as well if that was OK.I said if course it was and within a few minutes our taxi pulled up.

It was a private hire cab rather than a black London cab, and Sanjit admitted that he knew the owner of the firm and so we would have the 'best of service.'

I wiggled my way into the back,in the middle, Sanjit and Dillip sat on either side of me. Ian was looking disgruntled by having to sit in the front.

In the back I made sure that as I sat down my dress rode up displaying a hint of the pattern on the tops of my stockings.

Dillip again seemed fascinated by my legs and Sanjit again was getting a good glimpse of my boobs as we drove to the restaurant. Dillip then put one hand on my leg and gently patted it, not trying to get his hand up my dress, just resting it on my leg and giving a gentle squeeze every now and again.

Ian was chatting away to the taxi driver and we all were feeling rather merry and things were getting off to a good start.

Dillip then lent over and whispered in my ear, "Are you wearing stockings Anna?"

I whispered back to him, "Yes they are the new ones I got this morning, do you like them?"

He then whispered back to me, "Oh yes, I love stockings and your legs are lovely in them."

With this I wiggled a little bit and let my dress ride up a bit more, now the full tops of the stockings were on show to the two guys in the back seat.

I whispered back to Dillip, "I hope you like the view now!"

He replied in a hushed whisper in my ear, "Oh yes Anna you have my cock hard already just looking at you."

I glanced down to his crotch area to see the tell tale bulge pointing upwards!

"What are you two whispering about?" came the response from Ian in the front.

"Never you mind," I said. "That's our secret," to which Dillip gave a huge grin and a playful squeeze on my stocking top.

Sanjit was sat on the other side and his hand had strayed on to my left thigh as well.

I smiled and them both and whispered to them in turn, "Don't worry you will get to see and feel a lot more later!"

"If you both have bulges that size all night the waiters will be worried," I then said as I looked at their crotches.

We all laughed and I straightened myself up and the rest of the cab journey was spent with us three in the back having a laugh and a smile to each other.

We arrived at the restaurant and once seated at our table the flirting began in earnest. Ian had obviously been feeling left out in the front and he sat next to me, eyeing up my tits at every opportunity and also commenting on 'How sexy you look' and telling me 'You have a lovely pair of legs.'

The compliments flowed along with the wine. the three of them appearing to enjoy having me as their 'date for the evening'

On chatting they all admitted to being married, now I feel slightly ashamed of this, but at the time I thought to myself, 'Ah fuck it if their wives cant keep em happy.'

Sanjit and Dillip both said their wives were very sexually inactive and that they only had sex rarely with them. Ian said his wife was more of a game one and admitted that she had once taken a younger lover whilst on holiday.

They asked if I had ever been with an older man and I told them a little about Eric my previous lover and also intimated that I had enjoyed some fun with a few of his friends as well.

They seemed genuinely taken aback at this and Dillip in particular wanted to know more details

We sat and chatted and the talk was quite raunchy, as I told them of my times acting as waitress at Erics poker nights. I could Tell they were all getting hot under the collar.

I was certainly getting hot down below, my pussy was starting to get very moist.

The conversation continued throughout the meal and during this time I was playfully 'fondled' under the table.

Nothing too extravagant, just a little grope up my dress onto my leg and a few whispers of, "give us a little flash of your tits."

I responded by giving them all a little pat on their trousers and loved feeling their cocks getting stiffer as each time I did so.

After a couple of hours we had finished the meal, had drank a couple of bottles of wine and were all getting on very well indeed. Sanjit suggested we may want to go for a drink in a club or bar, to which I said, "I would rather we went back and had a little drink and some fun at the hotel."

Ian was the one to ask me outright, "So are you inviting us all?"

I replied, "Of course. I want my three hunks all to myself. I'm a greedy girl!"

Sanjit was bright red at this point and I asked if he was embarrassed.

"I don't think I can stand up at the moment," he replied and I looked down to see he had an enormous hard bulge of cock jutting up in his trousers.

"Bloody hell," I quickly said. "What size is that! It looks huge!"

"Oh hes a right show off, " Dillip replied.

"Just because I got your share too," replied a clearly proud Sanjit to his brother.

We all laughed and I have to say the bulge in his trousers seemed to be hiding a prick of truly colossal proportions.

The taxi arrived and this time Ian and Sanjit got in the back with Dillip banished to the front. The flirting was more full on in the taxi on the way back.

With the two of them not feeling shy about having a grope of my tits and a good feel not only of my thigh but at one point them both having their hands up my dress and toying with my knickers.

Dillip was feeling a bit left out as I took it in turns to openly kiss Sanjit and Ian.

"Hoy you two, leave some for me," was his response.

The young taxi driver was glancing back at every opportunity as well, getting himself a good eyeful of me being groped, snogged and generally felt up in the back seat.

Once back at the hotel we all made our way up to my floor in the lift. Once inside they got even fruitier with me. At one point I was lent against the back of the lift. My legs parted and Sanjit and Dillips hands going fifty to the dozen up my dress as they played with my by now sopping wet fanny.

Ian was groping my tits and licking my ear, probing it roughly with his tongue as well.

We staggered out of the lift and virtually ran to my room. Once inside it became a pretty frenzied scene of sexual activity.

My dress was quickly whipped off and I was then relieved of my bra and knickers to leave me just in the hold up stockings and my wedge shoes.

I didn't get a chance to get anything else off when Sanjits cock was popped out of his trousers and fuck me it was massive!

"Fucking hell, let me get hold of that," I said as I stared at his enormous tool.

I sank onto my knees and began to work on his shaft with my fingers. My whole hand was easily wrapped around his cock as I wanked him slowly.

"You're fucking huge," I said to him.

"Get it in your mouth then," he replied. "Let us see what a good little cock sucker you are."

I eagerly gobbled on his prick as the other two guys began to get undressed. They were both soon fully naked and had their cocks in their hands tugging at them gently as I worked on Sanjits gigantic bell end.

I slobbered over it and I couldn't fit the full length or thick, red head into my mouth, in fact if I had 3/4 of his cock in me I would have been lucky.

"Fucking suck it you sexy bitch," was Ian's response to me bobbing my head up and down and back and forth.

"I told you she was a fucking tart!" He swore. "I could tell from the moment I saw the slut this afternoon."

All the action. the sight of the huge cock, the sight of the other two pulling on themselves had me really juiced up and I began to let flow with my own stream of filth.

"You fucking filthy bastards," I said. "You're dirty, cheating fucking bastards and you are all gonna fuck the shit out of me."

"I want your wives to smell my fanny on you all when you get back home. Come on get those fucking cocks stiff and get them over here."

The three of them took it in turns to feed me their cocks as I licked, sucked, slobbered and spat all over them. I worked on them for ages getting them rock solid and really wet with my spit.

By this point my cunt was dripping and my slit was opening up nicely, even before any of the guys had got to work on me.

I continued licking and sucking on their cocks as I was positioned onto all fours doggystyle, and Sanjit moved behind me.

He gripped around my waist and I could feel his huge cock end beginning to nudge my cunt lips open. With a thrust he was up me and fucking hell I thought he was going to come out of my mouth!

"Fuck," I shouted.

"Do you like that Anna?" was Sanjits reply. "You like my big cock up you, I bet you haven't had one this big up you have you?

I was on all fours with Ian wanking his cock slowly at my side, Dillip was in my mouth as I slobbered over his prick in between thrusts and moans from his brother Sanjit behind me.

"Oh fucking hell," I moaned. "Your fucking cock is gorgeous, Christ I'm gonna cum off already, fuck me Sanjit, fuck me with your cock. Fuck it hard. Jesus fucking christ I'm cumming already!"

I urged him on as I intermittently sucked on his brothers tool as he stood in front of me.

"Your fucking cunt is soaking you dirty bitch," Sanjit was now really pounding me from behind and slapping my arse as he did so.

Ian was slowly pulling his cock in front of me and he was commenting on the action as he did so.

"Fuck the bitch San, fuck the young tart."

"Go on get the full length up the whore, fuck her deep and make her cum, you fucking love it don't you Anna?"

I couldn't disagree I was loving having this spit roast and was cumming heavily on Sanjits massive cock.

"Oh I fucking love it Ian, fuck me I'm cumming," with a few more thrusts I came off as Sanjit continued to slowly fuck me from behind.

He slipped out of me easily and I immediately got to work on sucking my fanny juice from his prick It was absolutely stiff as a poker, bright red and covered in my creamy cunny juice.

I licked it all off and again slobbered over his huge prick. I couldn't believe the size and girth of It, and I had taken it all up my cunt with relish ... and I wanted more!

As I sucked on Sanjit, using my tongue to get all my sticky juice lapped up, Dillip and Ian moved behind and commented on my fanny.

"Its fucking wide open and the sluts dribbling cum," was Dillips comments.

"Shes fucking wet but tight," Sanjit told his brother.

"Not anymore," laughed Ian and with this he stuck his whole four fingers up me and then began to work his thumb up me as well.

"You've fucking stretched the little whores cunt well and proper."

"He was fucking amazing," I said to Ian, Sanjit smiling and winking at me.

"Glad you like my Indian 10 inches," he said.

I replied, "I love it and don't think you're finished yet!"

"Lets see if I can fist you, you dirty little bitch," Ian said to me

I again got onto all fours with my legs wide as I could and Ian slowly worked his hand up into my sopping gash hole. I was bucking back gently to meet his hand thrusts as Dillip moved behind to get a good view and Sanjit continued to feed his monster cock to me.

Sanjits cock had opened me up so much Ian was easily able too get his fist up me and he began to fist me as both he and Dillip urged me on.
