 Cathy was shivering as she hurried to her Mustang in the school parking lot. She ignored all the whistles and comments from the students as the cold wind swirled around and blew her skirt up revealing her slim legs and pink panties. After starting the car she put on the heater but it blew nothing but cold air. She wished that she lived in a warmer climate than New Jersey. The temperature was only 12 degrees, the snow flakes and wind made it feel much colder. The 5' 3" blond felt some relief as she drove home when the heater started kicking out warmer air. When the 24 year old school teacher reached home she rushed inside, poured a glass of Burgundy wine, changed, and began to prepare dinner for her husband. Hank was the same age as her and worked as a mechanic at a nearby garage. Cathy and Hank had been married for three years now but had no children although they were thinking about it. 

After dinner they relaxed in the living room as Cathy announced, "Oh, by the way, Mr. Burk is holding a Holiday party at the Concord lounge on route 38. He has the banquet room reserved for the faculty and their spouses so keep Saturday night open. I am looking forward to showing off my 6', brown eyed, dark haired, handsome husband. There will be dinner, dancing, drinks, and a Santa giving out gifts so it should be lots of fun."

"Sure Cathy, Saturday night will be fine but your fellow teachers will be jealous of me for having married the most beautiful teacher in the school."

"Thanks but some of the other teachers are knockouts so keep your eyes to yourself. Warren Burk is the principle and one day his wife stopped by the school to meet him , she is gorgeous and I am sure that she will be the center of attention."

"Don't sell yourself short Cathy; you are a blue eyed, blond haired angel and when it comes to looks no one will come close to you." 

When Saturday night came around they drove to the Concord and stopped at the bar for drinks before going into the banquet room. The young couple were joined by Warren and Ann Burk. Hank was taken aback by the stunning beauty. Warren had light brown hair, muscular build, and stood 5'8". Ann was a couple of inches taller than her husband, wore a revealing red dress with a slit up the side that showed off her long, lovely legs, and her 38D tits were spilling out of her low cut dress. Ann had long black hair, big green eyes, and was totally captivating. Cathy had to give Hank an elbow nudge to keep him from ogling the sensuous siren.

Warren bought them all another round of drinks and introductions were made. Ann shocked the young couple when she noted, "That bartender looks good enough to eat; I would like to fuck his brains out!" Cathy and Hank just looked at each other in disbelief. They couldn't believe that the principle's wife would talk in such a lewd fashion. Then Ann called the bartender over and asked, "What's your name honey?"

"Leo"

"Well Leo, do you like what you see?" Ann smiled and flashed him her big tits.

The bartender took a long look and replied, "Very nice, very nice indeed."

Ann asked, "So Leo are you attached?"

"Yes, yes I am."

Ann pulled him close and gave him a big kiss and said, "That's not going to stop me baby! You will see me again so be ready." Leo went back to serving the other patrons at the bar so they finished their drinks, Ann insisted that Warren leave a big tip for Leo, and then they went to the banquet room. There they ate dinner, drank some more, and danced. Cathy danced with her husband and then with Warren. Cathy felt uncomfortable when Warren held her tight and she could feel his huge bulge pressing into her. She couldn't help but marvel at the size of his mighty manhood and silently cursed her own body as she felt herself getting wet. Hank on the other hand totally enjoyed it when Ann pressed her voluptuous frame to his. Santa handed out gifts to every one and the night progressed with much merriment. 

When the bash was beginning to wind down Ann suggested that they go to their place for a nightcap. On the way out Ann gave Leo a big Holiday kiss and urged Cathy to do the same. Cathy had just enough to drink so she willingly complied much to the surprise of her husband and even herself. Warren noticed the jealous look in Hank's eyes and the concern on his face and stated, "Hey there Hank, lighten up, it's only a kiss. I'm sure that guy gets more kisses than he cares to and it don't mean a thing. Let your wife have a good time and enjoy the holidays." Then Warren asked his wife to give Hank a big kiss so he wouldn't feel so bad. While Ann and Hank were engaged in a lip-lock Warren took the opportunity to embrace Cathy and probe her mouth with his seeking tongue. He could feel the young wife tremble as his huge erection pressed into her. When they broke the kiss Cathy's angel face was aglow with embarrassment and arousal. 

During the ride to the Burk's home Cathy and Hank were silent. They were both confused and turned-on by the older couple. Once inside the huge mansion they drank and listened to holiday music. Hank inquired, "I know that you are the principle of the school but how can you afford such a home? It looks like something out of the lifestyles of the rich and famous." Cathy scolded him for asking personal questions.

Warren answered, "No Cathy, it's quite alright. You are correct Hank; my salary wouldn't begin to cover the expenses of this place but fortunately Ann comes from a family with old money and they bought this place for us. I work because I like it not for the money." They enjoyed each other's company and the young couple learned that Warren was 39 and Ann was 37. During a news break the radio announcer told of a heavy snow storm alert and said that at least 14 inches of snow fall was predicted. Warren pulled back the curtain, looked outside and exclaimed, "Everything is white! Looks like the storm has already begun and there is no sign of it letting up."

Cathy offered, "We better go home while we still can."

Ann announced, "That is total nonsense; we have all been drinking too much to go driving in a blizzard. You two can just stay here and ride out the storm; I won't take no for an answer. After all, we have more than enough room here and it is so warm and cozy. The thought of going out and driving in this weather is totally insane." The young couple were forced to agree. They danced, chatted, drank, and got to know one another better and just when she perceived the moment was right Ann suggested, "I have a great Idea! Let's play a simple game where we can really get better acquainted. The rules are really quite easy; we take turns asking personal questions to each other and if the person answerers the question the one that asks takes off a piece of clothing; if not then the one that refuses to answer takes off something. Come on, it will be fun, we will have a great time, and I promise that it will be wild and exciting. Are you up for it or are you cowards?"

The men quickly agreed but Cathy said, "I...I don't know. It seems a bit dirty to me. I'm no prude but the thought of taking off my clothes and telling the most intimate parts of my life to the principal is unnerving; couldn't we ah.. do something else?" They all told her that she was acting like an old fuddy-duddy until Cathy relented and agreed to play the game. Ann was right, the young wife had just enough to drink or otherwise she would have never consented to such a game. 

With a gleam in her eyes Ann announced, "Alright then, I will go first, "Cathy how many men have you had sex with?

Cathy nervously replied, "Five but only my husband since we've been married." When it was agreed that the blond was telling the truth Ann stood up and lifted her dress over her head. The young couple could not help but stare at the sexy woman. Ann wore no bra and was now clad only in black panties, stockings, and heels. 

Cathy asked," Ann How many men have you been with?"

Ann laughed and answered, "More than I could possibly count sweetheart; probably in the hundreds though!" The questions went on until the only thing that they had on was their underpants. Ann looked Cathy in the eye and questioned, "Have you ever had sex with another woman?"

"Well I... um... only one, it was when I was away at college." Cathy turned crimson at this admission and looked down. She had never told Hank and could not force herself to look him in the eyes. 

When Cathy asked Ann the same question Ann replied, "Many and they all keep coming back for more. Warren knows all about it and just loves watching me with other women, don't you darling?"

"Yes I do; there is nothing better than watching two beautiful women go at it, don't you think so Hank?"

"I guess so but I have only seen it on film, never in person." By now they were all naked and lustily gazing at each other. Cathy's eyes went from Ann's big breasts with pointy dark nipples, then to her hairy pussy and then she gaped at Warren's 11" cock. It was huge, fat, and twice the size as her husband's. She couldn't help but wonder what that big thing would feel like inside her. 

Cathy's thoughts were broken when Warren asked, "Hank how would you like to see our wives getting it on right here and right now? The idea excites you doesn't it Hank?"

"Well I..I guess so but Cathy probably won't go along with it though."

Warren guided Hank to a chair and took one for himself. Ann quickly slid next to Cathy on the sofa and began kissing her lips, neck, and breasts. She worked her way down the young wife's trembling body and lingered at her navel. As she licked Cathy's thighs the young wife spread her slim legs invitingly. Groans of rapture emitted from her mouth as Ann orally assaulted her heated honey-pot. Cathy screamed out in ecstasy as the older woman devoured her blond pussy. Cathy had several orgasms on Ann's talented tongue. Ann sat next to the young wife and kissed her passionately on the lips. Cathy could taste her own sex on the other woman's lips and it drove her wild with carnal cravings. 

Ann guided the younger woman to her ample bosom and urged, "Suck them baby; nurse on mommy's big tits. Oh yesss, just like that." Cathy feverishly sucked the rubbery nipples as Ann hand feed them to her. When her head was pushed down to the hairy pussy Cathy inhaled the scent of the woman's arousal and licked and sucked with fervor. She chewed on the fat pussy lips and nibbled on her enlarged clit until she could taste the cum that oozed from Ann's delicious cunt. Ann looked down at the blond and exclaimed, "You are a good little pussy licker! Mommy really likes you. Yes baby, that's it, lick it all up." Ann pushed the blond to the floor, straddled her face, lowered her sopping cunt to the girl's mouth, then lowered her face to the waiting young pussy. They were engaged in a wild sixty-nine.

Both men had raging hard cocks as they watched the lewd display of wanton lust. Warren asked, "Don't you just love the contrast? Your young blond wife with small tits and my older dark haired wife with huge melons is so fantastic to watch. Even the contrast from Cathy's pink nipples to Ann's dark nipples is such a turn-on. When they are finished please let me fuck Cathy and you can fuck Ann. The way you have looked at Ann all night tells me that you want to fuck her. What do you say?"

"Hell yes, this is the most wild thing that I have ever done and I do want to fuck Ann and even want to watch you fuck Cathy!" 

"That-a-boy Hank, I knew that you were the adventurous kind by the way you ogled my wife. The four of us will become really close friends. It will be like both of us having two beautiful wives to fuck." 

Cathy and Ann were cuddling and basking in the afterglow of their steamy lesbian love making when Warren rolled the young wife on her back, spread Cathy's legs wide and rubbed his massive man-meat all over her stomach, thighs, and pussy lips. Ann got on her hands and knees and instructed Hank to fuck her doggie-style. When Cathy felt the bulky head of Warren's cock touch her clit she felt a mixture of shock, fear, arousal, craving, and shame. She protested but not very convincingly, "No! Please don't, it is way too big and I just can't do this to Hank!"

As he inched his big fat cock into her tight pussy Warren wore a wicked grin, gazed into her blue eyes, and told her, "Relax and enjoy the ride little girl. It will hurt at first but once you feel my big cock deep inside your cunt it will be like nothing else in the world. By the time that I am finished fucking you there will be a big smile on your angel face and you will be begging for more and don't bother worrying about Hank. Your husband is busy fucking my wife so it is only fair that I fuck you."

With each stroke his cock went deeper into Cathy's pussy. The blond had never felt so full and grimaced at the pain but after awhile it started to feel so good and her body reacted by humping back at the penetrating prick and she even wrapped her slim legs around his waist and rested her feet on his firm buttocks, she was overwhelmed with wanton lust and cried out in ecstasy as his love-pole pounded her purring pussy. Her change in attitude and her desire for his cock did not go unnoticed by Warren. He taunted her saying, "You love my big cock don't you whore? Tell me you want it, tell me how much you want it, beg for it bitch. Come on, talk to me you nasty little fuck-slut. Answerer me right now or I will pull out of your hungry little snatch!"

Cathy felt humiliated, embarrassed, and degraded, but her longing for this magnificent hunk of meat to keep pounding her outweighed all else and she pleaded, "Oh yes, keep fucking me. Please don't stop; it feels sooo good, I love it, yessss fuck meeeee!" Hank filled Ann's pussy with his cum as he watched his pretty wife fuck back hard and voice her cravings for Warren's cock. He had never seen Cathy get that lost in lust and found that it turned him on more than he ever imagined it would. 

Hank was mesmerized as he watched the big cock go in and out of his young wife. Warren suddenly pulled out and shot his sticky cum all over Cathy's stomach, breasts, and pretty face. Hank could feel his dick stirring back to life as he observed his wife on her back with a cum soaked face that was wearing a look of total contentment that he had never seen before. His eyes traveled down to her legs still spread lewdly and her gaping pussy leaking love juices. Ann laughed at Hank's reaction to seeing his wife covered with cum, her stretched pussy on display for all to see and said, "Why you little pervert; you love watching your wife become my husband's fuck slut. I knew that you would. Now I am going to give you some head to get you really hard again and then I want you to fuck my ass. Would you like that baby?" Hank had to admit that he had never fucked a girl in the ass but that he would love to do it for her. When the sexy older woman's lips engulfed his cock Hank was amazed at her oral skills and soon he was rock hard once more, all 5 and 1/2 inches.

Cathy was getting all hot and bothered again while watching her husband poke Ann in the butt. Warren brushed his semi-hard cock all over her face and asked, "How would you like to feel this big thing up your sweet ass-hole?

Cathy panicked at the thought and pleaded, "Please, I implore you, don't do it. I have never had sex that way and you are so big that you would rip me apart. Please I beg you, I will do anything you want but not that." Tears rolled down her face as she shuddered with fear. 

While continuing to rub his massive cock on her face Warren looked down at her quivering body and had pity. He told her in no uncertain terms, "You are probably right but I want you to suck my cock like you have never sucked one before and I want to cum in your mouth and when you get home I want you to let Hank fuck that sweet ass of yours to break you in. I understand that you are not ready to take my cock up your ass but we are gradually going to prepare you and when you are ready then your ass will be mine. Do you understand?"

The relieved and grateful blond readily agreed and began planting kisses on Warren's cock. He moved the head of his cock to her lips and her mouth opened to accept the growing monster. As she licked and sucked his huge cock it grew to full erection. She found it difficult to accommodate the bulky baton with her small mouth and gagged as it went down her throat. Warren taunted her saying. "Take it all bitch until my balls are slapping your chin. I'm gonna fuck your tonsils. I want you to feel my cum slide down your throat and into your tummy. Suck that cock like it's the last time you are ever going to suck it. Oh baby, yes, keep sucking it like that and it sure won't be the last time. You are such a sweet little cunt lapping, cock sucking little tramp! I love it." Much to her astonishment Cathy discovered that she loved being degraded and couldn't get enough of his big nasty cock. Warren's dirty talk had her little love muffin heated again and she felt her pussy tingle and twitch as she felt his hot sticky liquid squirting in her mouth and down her throat. Warren pulled the slim blond to her knees and ordered her to kiss and lick his cock and balls clean. Cathy adoringly worshiped his massive man meat with her mouth and tongue and achieved another orgasm as she licked up the last trace of his cum. 

As if in a trance she kept fondling and kissing the object of her desire when she looked up to see her husband and Ann watching her intently. She blushed and was filled with shame but she did not stop. As her wedding ring brushed over Warren's cock she felt a strange and wicked sense of pleasure and the fact that her husband and Warren's wife were watching only intensified her feelings of perverted lust. They all slept in the master bedroom that night but got very little sleep as the orgy continued for most of the night.

The next afternoon the snow plows had cleared the roads and they were driven back to their car at the Concord lounge. The young couple were informed that they would pick them up next Friday night and take them to Atlantic City for a New Year's Gala Celebration.

When they got home they drank coffee and Hank was trying to summon the energy to plow their drive way. He readily agreed when Cathy told him to wait until the next day. Hank looked across the kitchen table and blurted out, "You sure enjoyed Warren's big cock. I've never seen you act like such a slut before. It's hard to believe that you are the same sweet girl that I married and why didn't you tell me about your affair with another woman?"

Cathy shot him a scornful look and said, "Listen buster! It never would have happened if you hadn't fucked Ann and urged me to fuck Warren. Yes I did enjoy his big cock. So what did you expect? Are you trying to say that you don't love me anymore? You have a lot of nerve after everything that you did with that woman. You loved her cunt every bit as much as I loved his cock! Go ahead and try to deny it, you son of a bitch and I did not tell you about college because I was too ashamed to share it with anyone."

"Whoa, calm down honey. I didn't mean anything by it. I was just making a comment that's all and I enjoyed everything, fucking her, watching you, and the whole fucking scene. It was hot and I am glad we did it." Hank took his wife by the hand and led her to the bedroom and announced with a wicked grin, "Get ready baby we are going to take a little nap but before we go to sleep I want to start breaking in that sweet little ass of yours for Warren!"

The young couple slipped into bed and after some foreplay and some mutual oral action. Hank slid his prick in her pussy. He fucked her from behind and thought to himself how much larger her pussy seemed. He pulled out and started probing her little brown puckered hole. Cathy protested and asked, "Shouldn't you use some Vaseline or some kind of lubrication?"
