 Ch 4 - After Dinner

Thanks to all the readers who've made comments on my stories. It's great to get feedback.

Apologies for the delay in posting between Ch2 and Ch3. In the last year I've moved across the country, changed jobs twice, sold one house and bought another. I had Ch3 75% written but couldn't get back to it. The break has meant that I've come up with some new story lines so maybe a good thing.

Ch3 and Ch4 were meant to be one but it started to get two long so I've broken it into two chapters.

Hope you enjoy them

As we left the ballroom and headed for the lift I was glad the vibrator had been removed from my pussy. Walking with a butt plug in my arse was OK but I think two intrusions would have been too much.

I'd managed to slide the zipper on the side of my gown down so I don't think I flashed anyone on the way out. I did catch a few people looking at our group was we walked past them. I wonder what they thought of five males and one female heading off together.

There were a few people waiting for the lifts as we got to them. We caught one with just the six of us in it. David's suite was on the same floor as James's which was convenient.

I could sense the guys looking at me as the doors closed. There had only been a bit of small talk on the way from the ballroom. The lift gave a small shudder as we started to go up. Paul and Alan were standing next to me, a little behind. They reached around at the same time and pulled the top of my gown apart so my breasts were fully exposed. They pushed the material around and under my breasts so it would stay there. Then they put a hand under each breast, cupped them and gave them a bit of a wiggle. I then felt both nipples being rubbed between their fingers and thumbs. My nipples were already quite hard but they now went rock solid. I could see all the guy's smiles get bigger.

Alan reached down and unzipped the split. Paul then reached around and pulled the gown up and across so my pussy was now on display as well.

"Very nice." Said David.

"Lovely." Said Eric.

I was wondering what the hotel security was seeing through the security camera.

Paul lent forward a bit, close to my ear and said, "I think we're going to have a wonderful evening." I'm not sure if he was directing the comment to me or to everyone as it was loud enough for all to hear.

I smiled but didn't say anything as Alan responded. "Yes I think Robin is going to have a very full filling time, which everyone will enjoy."

We reached out floor, the lift stopped and the doors opened. Paul let my dress so and it fell down, covering my pussy. I didn't adjust the top so my breasts were still on display. We had to go past James's suite to get to David's.

As well James said "We'll be there in a minute guys. I'll just grab some supplies."

"OK" said David. The others nodded and they kept going.

James opened the door with his key card and let me in.

"I better get the necklace and earrings before things start happening." James explained. I'd almost forgotten about them. I took them off and handed them to James who put them back into their case. He then grabbed a couple of bottles from the fridge and we headed back out.

James knocked on David's door and Paul let us in. We walked into the lounge area of a two bedroom suite. David and Paul must have been sharing it. There was a kitchen / bar area to one side with a couch and chairs in the main part. The curtains were drawn but I assumed there was a balcony leading off the lounge overlooking the resort's pool, same as James's suite. There was a rug in front of the couch and it looked like the guys had moved a coffee table which usually stood there.

As we entered Alan was sitting on one end of the couch, Eric was in one of the chairs and David was organising some drinks.

David looked up and said "Welcome. Make yourself at home. Grab a chair James. Robin, I hope you don't mind helping with the drinks."

"Not at all." I said as I shook my head and headed to the bar. James sat down in the empty chair.

Paul had followed us in from the door. He was standing a bit behind me. Alan had got up and come over to the bar as well.

"I think we should unwrap the present first." Said Paul.

"Oh. Of course." Replied David.

Paul and Alan turned me around and motioned for me to lift my arms. They pulled my gown over my head, leaving me naked apart from jewellery and my heels. I was wondering if I should tell them it was one of my favourite ways of dressing, or should that be undressing. I've never had an issue being naked in front of a group of people, even if I'm the only one naked.

"Lovely." Said Eric

"Very nice." Continued David

Paul took my gown, folded it neatly and placed it on a table near the door. Alan headed back to the couch. David gave me the drinks to pass around. I took drinks to Alan and Eric. I'd almost forgotten about the butt plug in my arse but when I bent over slightly to give Eric his drink Alan gave it a quick push which made me stand up quickly. He was smiling broadly as I turned around to give him his drink.

I went back to the bar to get the remaining drinks. David had taken his with him so it was just James and Paul. I grabbed my purse along with the drinks. I handed James his drink. Paul sat in the middle of the couch. I passed him his drink. As I did so he reached up with his other hand and put his fingers on my pussy. He ran one finger up and down my slit. I was already partly aroused and wet but my pussy quickly started to get even wetter. Paul slipped the tip of his finger inside me then brought it out again. He moved it along my slit and soon found my clit which he started to massage. I instinctively moved my legs apart to give him better access. I closed my eyes but I could tell everyone was watching.

Alan and David started to rub their hands up my legs and round my arse. David started to play with the butt plug. Unfortunately I had to stop him as the lube was no longer working. I put a hand down onto his.

"Sorry. Need some lube on that." I explained. He nodded and moved back to rubbing my leg again.

I noticed David had un-done his trousers and his semi-hard cock was exposed. I stepped back from Paul, moved in front of David and knelt down. I took his cock in my hand and started to stroke it. I could feel it getting harder with the attention.

I lent forward and flicked my tongue over the tip of David's cock. I could feel it twitch and harden. I put my head on the side and ran my tongue over its length up to the head. I put my lips over the head and ran my tongue around it and over the slit at the top. I bobbed my head up and down a few times taking it deeper each time.

I held David's cock in mouth, using my tongue to push it against the roof of my mouth and give it a massage. I used my hands to take off his shoes and then slip his trousers down and off. With some more room I started taking him deeper in my mouth until he was all the way in with my nose pressing against his pubes. I'm not really into cock sizes but David was about 6 inches long and a good thickness.

Without looking I reached down for my purse and got out one of the condoms. I opened the packet, slipped it into my mouth and rolled it down David's cock using my mouth for most of it and my hand for the last bit. A friend who'd worked as a hooker for a while showed me how to do it and I've done it a few times with guys. I didn't think about it at the time but afterwards I wondered if the guys thought I really was a professional. Not that it matters. At the time David's cock indicated he liked it.

I lifted my mouth off David's cock and licked down the shaft with my tongue. I flicked my tongue around one of his testicles. I turned my head a bit on the side and sucked it into my mouth. I then started to massage it with my tongue while stroking his cock with my hand. David moaned slight and his body twitched so I gather he liked it.

I looked across the couch and saw that Paul and Alan had both released their cocks from their pants and were stroking them. I reached out with one hand, took hold of Paul's cock and started to stroke it.

I took David's cock back in my mouth and went up and down it a couple more times before letting it go. I kept stroking it with my hand and shuffled across until I was in front of Paul.

I guided Paul's cock to my mouth and flicked my tongue around the head and slit, just as I had done with David. Paul's cock was a little bit longer than David's but not as thick. I turned my head on the slide and flicked my tongue across the shaft as I moved up and down it.

I reached down into my purse again and got out another condom. I had to let go of both cocks but David kept stroking his. I repeated my trick with the condom and soon had it on Paul's cock and it deep in the back of my throat.

I thoroughly enjoy sucking cocks and have been told many times I am very good at it. Although I might not be getting any direct stimulation I get wet and excited in the process. I couldn't tell you how many times I've had a guy cum in my mouth. Even so I haven't had that many occasions were I've had three or more cocks within easy reach.

I kept sucking on Paul's cock and reached across to David with one hand and Alan with the other. I was working three cocks at once. Their hardness indicated they were all enjoying the attention.

I'm not sure what James and Eric were doing as I couldn't see them. I assume taking their drinks and watching.

I was aware of comments from the guys every now and then and sometimes a laugh but didn't really take much notice. I was concentrating on the job at hand, and mouth.

Paul's cock was quite hard before I started paying it attention with my mouth, but after a couple of minutes it was rock solid. Alan hadn't had any attention so I let go of David and moved across in front of Alan.

Alan was already quite hard. He wasn't that long but was quite a bit thicker than David or Paul. I licked up his shaft and held the head of his cock in my mouth while I got another condom ready. I had to open my mouth a bit more to accommodate Alan. I slipped the condom over his cock and rolled it down with my mouth and hands.

I concentrated on Alan's cock while still keeping a hand on Paul's. I couldn't reach David now. I could see out the corner of my eye that he had gotten up, undressed and was lying down on the carpet in front of the couch stroking his cock.

After a minute or so of sucking Alan's cock Paul stood up and guided me up as well. Alan got up off the couch. They guided me over to David and helped me straddle him. I knelt down and positioned myself so that my pussy was over his cock. I took it in my hand and ran it along my slit a couple of times. I then put it at the entrance to my pussy and started to lower myself onto it. My pussy was quite wet with everything which had been going on. David smiled and let out a little moan as I lowered myself onto him. I moved up and down a few times taking him deeper each time. I could feel his cock against the butt plug which was still in my arse.

When David was fully inside my I started rocking my hips back and forth pushing myself against his pubic bone. David was using both hands to play with my tits and nipples. He was looking up at me smiling.

"Oh Yeah!" was his only comment.

After a little while I felt a hand on my back pushing me forward. I leant down towards David face. The butt plug was removed from my arse. I looked around and saw Paul had undressed. Once the butt plug was out he rubbed some lube in my arse so I knew what was coming next. He rubbed some lube on his cock as well and then positioned himself behind me and astride David.

I felt Paul's cock pushing against my arse. The sphincter muscles were relaxed due to the plug and it didn't take much effort for him to enter me. He started going a bit too deep quickly so I reached around and put my hand out to stop him.

"Bit slower please." I said

"OK" was the response.

Paul started moving a bit slower. With each stroke more and more of his cock entered me. I gasped and moaned as it did. David was still but he must have been able to feel Paul's cock through the wall between my arse and pussy.

"Everything OK?" Paul asked once he was balls deep in me.

"Yeah fine." I replied. "Just take things slowly to start with."

Paul started to thrust in and out of my arse. David started to move inside my pussy.

I love the sensation of double penetration. It feels so good with two cocks inside me and feeling them pressing against each other.

I noticed two feet next to me. I sat up a bit and saw Alan standing there naked with his cock at attention. He moved forward a little and I took him in my mouth. Soon all three were enjoying me.

This wasn't the first time all my holes had been used at once. Probably not the last either. I do enjoy the physical stimulation and the mental stimulation of being the centre of attention. But sometimes I reckon it's a bit like riding a bucking horse if the guys start going at different rhythms.

David was playing with my tits, which helped to support me. He was rocking his cock inside me. Paul was doing long slow thrusts in my arse. I was concentrating on Alan's cock in my mouth. Occasionally he would thrust it in and out.

I was resting one of my hands on David's chest and shoulders to help steady myself while using the other to stroke Alan's cock. After a few minutes I felt a couple of hands take my arms and hands. I looked out the corners of my eyes and saw that James and Eric were now naked and standing either side of me, their cocks erect. They guided my hands to their cocks. I started to stroke them. I was now servicing five cocks at once. Not the first time I'd had five naked cocks around me, but the first time with five at once. So maybe there are still a few things left for me to try.

I soon found out working on five cocks at once is not that easy. David and Phil were doing their own thing but sucking Alan while stroking James and Eric while maintaining my balance took a bit of concentrating.

I wasn't able to stroke Alan's cock with my hand now and was bobbing my head up and down his cock. I could tell he was enjoying it as he was rock hard and letting out little moans. He was starting to move his cock in and out of my mouth. David and Paul were starting to increase the rhythm of their thrusts as well.

Alan started to thrust his cock in and out of my mouth. Soon he was effectively fucking my mouth. I held my head still and pushed up with my tongue so it rubbed along his shaft as his cock went in and out. I could feel him hitting the back of my throat on each stroke.

Meanwhile Paul and David had increased their tempo. They must have both been getting close to cumming. I could feel both their cocks inside me and was sure they could feel each other. I was trying to keep my balance as best I could with three cocks attacking me. I stopped stroking James and Eric and was more using them to support myself. I don't think they were all that worried.

I felt Alan stop with his cock pulsating deep in my throat as he came. Paul gave a couple of more thrusts and I felt his cock twitching inside my arse. David followed soon afterwards in my pussy.

I hadn't been conscious about my own state of arousal but the feeling of three cocks cumming inside me brought me to a un-expected orgasm.

The three guys held their cocks inside me until they'd emptied their load. Alan pulled out first, allowing me to gasp for breath. Paul withdrew his cock from my arse and stood up. James and Eric helped me get up off David. My legs were surprisingly weak and I stood up carefully. David sat up and then got up off the floor.

No one said anything for a minute. I think everyone was trying to get their breath back.

Eventually David goes "Wow." Paul sighs "That was awesome!" Alan says "Robin you're amazing."

"Thanks guys." Was my response.

Eric guided me to the chair he had been sitting in. He sat down, spread his legs apart and motioned for me to kneel down in front of him.

I knelt down, got a condom out of my purse which was nearby, and started to work on his cock with my mouth. Eric was soon hard in my mouth and I rolled the condom down his shaft.

I felt a pair of hands on my hips lifting my arse up. I took my mouth off Eric's cock and looked around. James was kneeling down behind me with a very hard cock. I moved so I was in a doggy position and went back to sucking on Eric's cock.

James didn't take long to enter me. My pussy was still sopping wet, as well as being stretched from its previous work out. James got his cock balls deep in one thrust. He then settled down to a nice rhythm, pushing my mouth onto Eric's cock with each thrust.

David, Paul and Alan had refilled their drinks. They were back sitting on the couch watching and giving encouragement to James and Eric.

I could hear comments like "Oh Yeah!", "Fuck that pussy!", and "Give it to her!". But couldn't be sure who was making the comment at the time.

After a few minutes I could feel Eric's cock start to twitch. I took him deep in my mouth and made swallowing movements to massage his cock. I soon felt him pumping his cum as I held him. James wasn't far behind and his cock was soon throbbing in my pussy. I was quite worked up and came seconds after James.

I held Eric in my mouth for a while squeezing his cock with my tongue. James held his cock deep in my pussy until he had finished. He then withdrew it. I put my arse down on my heels and sat up a bit, letting Eric go from my mouth.

"Wonderful." Was all he managed to say.

I managed to get up a bit shakily. I had been on my knees for the best part of 45 minutes and was a bit stiff. I needed to stand up for a few minutes.

David, Paul and Alan were sitting on the couch where they'd been watching all the time. James had gone to get some more drinks. There was a chair opposite the couch so I sat down in that.

James handed me a drink. "You might need this."

"Thanks." I replied taking a sip.

I thought the scene of us sitting around was a bit surreal. If someone had walked into the room they would have been in for a surprise but it felt normal as we were just sitting around talking and drinking. The only thing was we were all naked and I had just had sex with all of them.

I took a few sips of my drink and tuned out of the conversation a bit to recover and wind down from my orgasms. The guys seemed to be talking amongst themselves. I heard my name and looked up to hear Alan talking.

"Robin. Has anyone said you have nice tits?" He asked.

"Yes a few times." I replied

"Like the nipples. Very bite sized. You really should get them pierced." Alan continued

"Yeah they'd look great." Paul chimed in.

"Hmmm ... Still thinking about it." I replied. I put my drink down, cupped both breasts with my hands, gave them a bit of a jiggle and then rubbed my nipples between thumb and finger. I could see smiles appearing on all the guys faces. I took my hands away and picked up my drink again.

"Very nice." Said Alan

"I'd like to see if your clitty is worth piercing." Paul suggested.

I'd been sitting with my legs crossed. I uncrossed my legs and spread them apart a little. I rubbed a finger along my pussy slit a couple of times and circled my clit.

"Need a better look." Said Paul smiling.

I slipped my arse down the chair a bit, leant back and spread my legs a bit further. I ran a finger along my slit and then started to work on my clit. It responded by becoming aroused and more visible. I worked on my clit for a while. I then got both hands and pulled my pussy lips apart a bit, making sure my clit was on display. I let go, rubbed my clit a couple of more times and then stopped and reached for my drink.
