 Inspired by real life incidents, I have long considered this my best writing but I was never satisfied with it as previously published on LIT in two parts. Now, in hopefully my last word on this piece, I present a completely rewritten, reedited, corrected and combined version. I hope you all enjoy it and will let me know. Thanks. Now here's Rhia to tell her story.  

This all started one really, really bad day when I was getting off work from my job at the mall toy store. My hours had been cut due to lack of sales since Christmas and I was still going to be a couple hundred dollars shy of the rent on my new apartment. I had spent the whole damn day worrying about what I was going to do but hadn’t come up with any answers. I wandered down by the Cookie Store in the mall to drown my sorrows in an excess of chocolate like any sensible girl would do.

“Hey, Rhia!” It was my friend Joe, the cookie guy.

“Hey!” 

“Girl, you look really out of it.”

“Ha! You don’t know the half of it. I just got my own apartment and now my hours are being cut so I don’t know how I’m gonna be able to pay the rent next week. I’m trying to think of a second job I could do but nobody’s hiring.”

“Well, can’t help ya with the job but I’ll tell ya what. Cookies always help. Howzabout a Double Doozy chocolate chip special…on me?”

“I’ll take it,” I sighed dejectedly, mumbling a humble “Thank you.” As he handed me the bag, a guy walked by and whistled at me. I giggled for the first time that day and I think I felt myself blush a bit. I guess I was pretty sexy looking with my tight tank top and jeans. 

"I tell ya, you lead an interesting life. Guys hittin’ on you all the time and shit….”

“Yeahhhh,” I smiled, “ I can’t even walk through the mall anymore without…Hey!” I looked around and there was my ex-boyfriend Jeremy. He came over and gave me a big hug.

“Hey, how are ya? Long time no see. ”We had broken up as friends but we hadn’t really seen each other since and that was last summer. “What are you up to these days?” 

“Oh, just trying and failing to make ends meet. Hey, I’ve got a new apartment. You want to come see it?”

“Sure”

“Here.” I said, offering him a piece of my free cookie. “It’s a Double Doozy, a giant chocolate chip cookie with creamy insides.” I took a bite and licked the white icing from my lips with a long “Mmmmmmm.”

I hadn’t meant for that to be sexy but I guess I just come across as naturally sensual sometimes. Jeremy looked as though he had just gotten an instant erection. Suddenly, I remembered how good sex had been with Jeremy. His dick was kind of skinny but it got hard and stayed hard. As we walked though the mall, I found myself getting a just a tad wet thinking back on it. I also found myself thinking about Kevin… He was another guy I dated last year. I sucked him off once and gave him a few quick handjobs in the car but we never really made out. Now, his cock was thick but not very long. I nearly bumped into a post thinking about sex instead of thinking about where I was walking. “Sorry. Got distracted” I giggled to Jeremy. 

Now, I happen to believe strongly that there’s no such thing as coincidence. That’s why I was pleasantly surprised as we walked along talking small talk to suddenly see, of all people, Kevin, walking towards us. Two of my ex-es in one day!

Hey, stranger!” I called out across the aisle. “It’s Kevin,” I said to Jeremy. He seemed a bit put out, as though I was still “his”. Now that I thought of it hat’s one of the reasons we broke up. Kevin and Jeremy had never met but I had mentioned each to the other before.

They shook hands almost reluctantly. It was kinda weird. Kevin was tall with wavy dark brown hair and a little goatee while Jeremy was about my height, five-six, with cropped blond hair. We must have made quite a sight as we sat down on a mall bench to talk, me in the middle with my long red hair sandwiched between two ex-boyfriends. Hmmmm. As I brought them both up to speed on what Joe called my interesting life, I was starting to formulate a plan.

“Hey, Kev, I was gonna show Jeremy my new apartment. It’s not too far from here. Wanna come?” 

“Uhhh, sure, I mean, you know, you don’t think three would be a crowd?”

“No, honey, I laughed heartily. “Three’ll be a party the way I do it!” I giggled again and they looked at each other and slowly started to smile.

We took Kevin’s car. Along the way, we stopped long enough for Jeremy to buy a bottle of wine. Part of me was getting scared of what I was thinking but the part of me that was between my legs was definitely not. By the time we entered my apartment I was soaking the crotch of my little purple thong.

We sat around and talked and drank for about a half-hour. Jeremy laughed when there was no more wine to pour. I had drunk most of it myself. I stood and stretched a long stretch, running my hands through my hair. My tank top pulled up far enough and tight enough that they could see I wasn’t wearing a bra and they both laughed a little nervously. 

“Oooooookay, guys. Now here’s the deal.” The wine had fortified me. “I am hotter than a cat in heat and I need both of you to take off all your clothes right now but remember, I’m in charge. What I say goes. When I say we’re done, we’re done. When I say ‘no’, it means ‘no’. Understood?” 

Jeremy had his clothes off quickly as he said “Hell, yeah!” Kevin rose and pulled my tank top over my head revealing my apple-sized breasts. My nipples are a bright pink color and they were hard and long. He kissed me lightly as he fumbled with the zipper of my jeans. 

“Here, honey,” I whispered as I pulled away, let me get that for you. I slithered out of the jeans and Jeremy couldn’t help but notice the large wet spot on the front of my panties. 

“Check that out. Your pussy must be on fire!” 

Oddly, I could tell I blushed as he said it but I quipped back, “Who’s got the hose to put it out?”

They both stood naked in my apartment now, with two hard cocks throbbing in anticipation. I slipped off the panties and tossed them to Kevin with a laugh. He put them up to his face and inhaled deeply. “Oh, man!!” he growled. 

“Are these for poor little me?” I said with a pout as I reached out and gripped both of their organs. I started pumping them in alternating strokes and I could see beads of liquid already gathering at the tips of both. I lowered myself slowly to my knees and used my tongue to sensuously lick the fluid from Kevin’s cock while I continued to pump Jeremy. My eyes were probably glazed over by now as I stood and immediately forced my tongue as far down Jeremy’s throat as possible. Then I repeated the sequence, licking the pre-cum from Jeremy and then soul-kissing Kevin. Neither complained. I crawled around them on the floor like a real cat pausing to lick at their balls or nibble the cheeks of their asses before finally giving a good tongue washing to each cock. They both tasted deliciously of sweat and piss and…well, men! Being the horny girl I am, I was in a kind of heaven. It wasn’t enough, though. I had to feel them inside me. 

“Okay, guys,” I sighed. ”That was just the warm-up. NOW let me show you the bedroom.” I gripped each dick and led them down the short hall to my bedroom. I think they were both in shock, a little embarrassed to be naked, in a sexual context, but too hot for my body to think clearly. I was thinking clearly, however…I think. I plopped down on the bed on my stomach, then raised my curvy little ass up in the air and wiggled it at them. “Come and get it while its hot!”

Kevin walked up to the bed and got on the mattress on his knees. He pushed his stubby cock right up to my sopping pussy and slid right in. My eyes rolled back in my head. I needed this so much! I really did. I had just gotten myself soooo stressed out during the day. As he began pumping, I tossed my hair from side to side and began moaning. I’ve been told I moan better than anyone. I wasn’t really cumming but it felt so good to feel male flesh inside me again. I squeezed the muscles between my legs as if milking him.

In the meantime, Jeremy had moved to the front where he positioned his pole right at my hungry lips. My tongue shot out to greet it and wrapped itself around his manhood like a bun around a hot dog. “Mmmmmmmmmm! Double Doothy!” I murmured around his cock. 

“Ahhh, but we need the cream filled center.” he laughed.

“Sounds good to me!” I said, surprising myself. By now, my right hand was balancing me on the bouncing bed but my left was deftly rubbing my clit as Kevin fucked me from behind. 

“I…I can’t hold off!”, he suddenly grunted and I could feel the heat as he unloaded a large, full load of cream making my hot pussy even hotter. He pulled out quickly and collapsed next to me on the bed, fingering the mess he had just deposited inside me. With come on his finger, he worked it into my winking asshole. 

“NO!” I said, spitting Jeremy’s dick out. “That’s off limits! …. at least for today.” I rolled over on my back and bounced my ass up into the middle of the bed. I held my arms out. “Jeremy, sweetheart, would you please take sloppy seconds? I’m nice and squishy inside thanks to Kevin but I need some more creamy filling. Pleeeaassse? Hmmmm?” 

I think the pouting got him. He practically dived on top of me. “I can’t believe I’m doing this,” he said as he stuck his hard-on into the sticky deposit between my legs and began bouncing. My nails raked his back and it wasn’t long before he sputtered “I…I’m coming! Oh, fuck!! Oh, shit! Oh…. Unghhhhh!!” Again, I could feel the heat like a little fire in my pussy as he added about four more shots of cream to my pie. He pulled out with a gloppy mess on his dick. He grabbed one of my old sweatshirts off the floor and wiped it off. Kevin was recovered now and sat on the chair next to the bed. Jeremy stood next to him. As they watched, I lay there with my legs spread and a double dose of hot cum from my two ex-boyfriends pooling on the bed beneath my sticky hole. I closed my eyes and began working my clit again. My mind raced as I thought of how slutty I must look to them, playing with myself like this. From time to time, I would scoop up a bit of their cum and rub it on my lips and my titties. They certainly seemed to like it when I did this and it made me even hotter to know they were watching me play with myself under these circumstances. Finally, I could feel my climax building and I began moaning and bucking my hips wildly as I lay in the growing wet spot. I squinted my eyes tightly and thrashed my head from side to side on the pillow grunting and yelling “Ohhhhh, Oh my stars, YES!! Yeeeees!!!! Ohhhhhh, YES!!!” 

Both Jeremy and Kevin applauded and I laughed and smiled brightly as I lay there dripping their cum onto my bed as more of it dried on my lips. Whew! Hey, fellas, that was just great but you know what? I don’t know if I mentioned this but ’m having a little trouble with my rent money this month to the tune of oh… two hundred dollars and I was wondering if…well, you know?”

Without saying a word, Kevin brought in their clothes from the other room and both guys got dressed. Then they whispered between themselves for a minute and got out their wallets. Each man lay two 50-dollar bills across my sticky chest. Two hundred dollars. 

“Thank you, “ I giggled as I wrinkled my nose at them and smiled appreciatively. They each kissed me on the cheek and left, saying they would call me. I lay there and clutched the bills to my chest. For a while, I thought maybe I had found that second job after all. 

It was about two weeks later, though, when I started getting full-time hours again at the toy store. I had had some of the hottest sex of my life that night with Kevin and Jeremy. I really hadn’t meant for it to happen like it did…well, not at first anyway. I’d been with a lot of guys but I’d never done anything even remotely as kinky as a threesome before! I was just so really, really desperate for the rent money that when the idea—and the alcohol-- hit me I took the risk and it worked. Of course, I took other risks that night, too, as neither of the boys had used protection. Like I said, it was now two weeks later. They both said they’d call but I hadn’t heard from either of them again…and I was starting to worry that I might be pregnant. 

I was 10 days late when I called my best friend Woody for advice. I had already explained the circumstances to him but as soon as I told him what I was afraid of, I began sobbing into the phone. “I…I…know I shouldn’t have done it and…well, I’m…I don’t…”

“Shhhh. Rhia. It’s okay, sweetheart.” He said very calmly. Woody was older than me and we had been friends since we worked together at the Mall last year. He always had this way of being quietly understanding of me and putting a positive spin on things. “We’ve already talked about what happened that night. What’s done is done. There’s no point in either of us kicking you over it now. You’re my friend and I know the person you are in your heart. I’m not here to judge your choices or your actions”

“Thank you,” I whispered very softly. “But…Woody, do you think I am?”

“I don’t know, honey. I’ll be honest; I’d have to say there’s a real possibility of it. You need to take a test. You won’t sleep well until you know for sure. The tests are more accurate if you wait a little longer than this but I think you can get them in packs of two. Take one now and one next week to be sure.”

“Oh my gosh! I can’t yet! That’ll make it all seem more real, y’know? What’ll I do? I can’t possibly…!”

“Okay, okay. First of all, I need you to calm your cute but spastic ass down, babe. I’ll go to the library and pick up some books on how to tell if you’re pregnant and I’ll meet you at your apartment after I get off work tonight. I should be there by 10. Okay?”

“All right.” I said, still wiping away tears.

“Now, you, young lady, are going to have a good day in spite of this, understand? If it turns out you are, then it’s meant to be and we’ll deal. If you aren’t, then great. Bullet dodged. Lesson learned. Now, get to work or you’ll be late.”

“Thank you.”

I really loved Woody. Since I met him, he had become my friend, my confidante, my advisor and a lot more…but never my lover. It was a complicated relationship. Clearly there was something there. I mean, everyone saw it. We laughed a lot when we were together but we could also argue like an old married couple. He was sort of a father, a brother and even a girlfriend all rolled into one but for some reason, the thought of the two of us getting together sexually had always, sometimes literally, given me the shivers. We both just accepted that and sort of agreed without saying anything never to bring up that one little subject.

Somehow, I got through the day. I called Woody at his office three times just to hear his voice. He kept insisting that I take a pregnancy test but I just couldn’t…yet. I know it sounds ridiculous but I had to have some kind of reassurance of the outcome before I’d feel comfortable doing that. Finally, ten o’clock arrived. I had been home from the store about half an hour, nervously cleaning before Woody arrived. On time as always, he knocked our secret knock, then used the key I had given him in case I ever misplaced mine to come on in.

“Hey!” I said nervously. I had never been so happy to see him in my life. I had spent the day feeling bloated and gassy and hungry. I was convincing myself I was pregnant. I needed him to convince me I wasn’t.

“Hey. I got books!” He held up a bag with what appeared to be three or four books on pregnancy. Oh my gosh! It was kind of like a bizarre dream that I even needed these. I had always been so careful in the past. We both got comfortable on the floor and Woody spread the books out. There was SECRETS OF EARLY PREGNANCY, PREGNANT WITHOUT FEARS, YOUR BEST FRIEND TALKS ABOUT PREGNANCY and SO YOU THINK YOU’RE EXPECTING. 

I offered to get us each a glass of wine but he yelled at me. “Are you crazy? Don’t answer that! If you’re pregnant, you are going to have to stop drinking immediately along with any other little self-indulgences you have.” I was shocked and normally I would have yelled back at Woody but, under the circumstances, I knew he was right and I just started crying. The tears welled up slowly as the potential of reality hit me hard. He was staring into my teary eyes when the floodgates broke open.

“I’m sorry,” he cooed. “I am so sorry.” He reached out and put his arms around me. Even though I normally refrained from getting too physical with Woody, I put my arms around him, too, and began sobbing uncontrollably into his shoulder. As if on another plane, somewhere, I could feel his left hand rubbing up and down my back slowly. He was trying to comfort me but I felt odd little electric tingles. I broke the hug quickly and pulled away with a look of confusion on my face. “What is it?” he asked.

“I….Just…Oh, nothing.” I fibbed. “I’m just scared, dammit!”

“I know, baby. Oh…strike that. Bad choice of words.”

I started laughing at that and wiped the tears away. Woody had the uncanny ability to be able to make me laugh at the most serious moments just by saying something stupid. If he had gotten the same strange vibes that I did when we hugged he wasn’t letting on. 

“Okay, girl, let’s get down to business.” With that we each grabbed one of the books and started going through it looking for tips on early signs. I found one first.

“It says here that one of the surest early signs is extra-sensitive nipples. Dammit! My nipples are always really sensitive. How the hell does that tell me anything!?”

“Repeat after me: Calm is a good thing!” I stuck my tongue out at him and he took the book out of my hand and started reading.” Hmmm. Well… lie down and take off your shirt.”

“What the fuck?”

“Just once, will you listen to me? I’m trying to help here. Look, if it eases your mind any, I’m not a breast man, remember?” He stood and walked quickly into my kitchen.

“Lie down and take off your shirt!” he yelled back.

We were very close but this still seemed weird. I pulled a pillow off the couch onto the floor and got as comfortable as I could. I tentatively pulled my shirt up over my breasts. My boobs were kind of flattened and the air-conditioning made my nipples hard already.

“All right. Here we go.”

“What are you…? Ice? Oh, no, you don’t.” I pulled down my top and started to get up but he gently but firmly pushed me back and just stared. I lifted the shirt again.

“Mmmm. Not bad!” he leered jokingly…I think.

“Stop that! Go ahead and let’s get this over with.”

He took a dripping ice cube he had gotten from my freezer and held it between two fingers. Then he began running it slowly over my upper body, oddly avoiding the nipples. “Exactly what the fuck are you doing?”

“Shhhh. I’m desensitizing your body to the cold so we can tell just how sensitive your nipples really are. I saw it in a movie once”

“Yeah, right! I know what kind of movies YOU wa…”

“Hush!”

His eyes were on my body, lying exposed in front of him in a way I could have never imagined. Was he really not noticing me? I watched his face and he seemed oblivious to the topless woman lying on the floor. The ice was cold in an already cold room. My entire chest and stomach were getting wet. Strangely, it felt as though other parts of my body were, too. Finally, Woody got to the point, rubbing the melting ice cube across my left nipple. My nipples were pretty large and, as I said, always very sensitive. There had been times that I felt as though I could almost come just from having my nipples teased and rubbed. He was going very slowly, looking into my eyes now as he asked, “Feel anything?”

“Not much of an ice cube left, dumbass. Our body heat melted it.” He looked at what was left of the cube, popped it into his mouth and wiped his hands on his pants.
