 As summer approached Steve and I were sitting in his flat, naked as was usual when we are home together, discussing where to go on our holiday in a couple of weeks time. Feeling in a playful mood, I suggested that we should visit some nude beaches as I would love to show off his great body and especially his wonderful cock to the other women there. 

Steve looked over at me and, eyeing me up and down appraisingly, said "I bet that a few of the men would enjoy checking out your body too, particularly your lovely little boobs and your outstanding nipples." 

Perhaps at this stage I should introduce us. 

At the time Steve was in his late 20s, was about 6ft tall and athletic through working out regularly, short cropped brown hair and most important a lovely cock that he knows how to use to give me maximum pleasure. (Based on my previous experiences, it was slightly narrower than most of my other partners had been but was almost half as long again as theirs. In fact, when he finally slams into me prior to cumming he penetrates my cervix, something no-one else has ever done!). 

My name is Raelene, I was a couple of years younger than Steve, 5'6" in my bare feet, have shoulder length auburn hair, and an almost slim body with small breasts. (My breasts are about size A, I don't know exactly as I never wear a bra, my nipples are almost always erect and sit out up to about an inch from my large, dark aureoles.)

I have always had a fairly casual attitude to clothes and don't mind showing my little bit of cleavage when we go out. I always thought that Steve was more conservative than me, but I had to change my mind on that when I noticed that the talk had had a stimulating effect on him and he started to grow. This caused a halt in proceedings while we checked out each other's 'special features'. 

When we resumed our conversation an hour or so later, the idea of visiting nude beaches was taken as granted and we started working out ways to find out where they were. We turned on the computer and there on the internet was all the information we needed. We spent the rest of the afternoon planning our trip, with only a couple of breaks to satisfy our basic needs and to have something to eat. We had by then decided to take Steve's campervan, so eventually it was only a matter of selecting a route. The only problem with the route we selected was that it would take two solid days to drive to the first beach.

After two days of driving, we eventually arrived in the area of our first beach late in the afternoon and booked into the local caravan park for the night to use their facilities as we only had limited space for sleeping and eating in the campervan. We were allocated a park away from most of the caravans but next to a large motorhome - a converted bus - where the owners, somewhat older than us, were sitting under an awning drinking wine. 

We said G'day to them and went about our business of cleaning up after the trip and setting up for the night. When we got into bed, we talked of what we would do next morning, surprisingly I felt some trepidation and asked Steve if he was sure about us taking off all our clothes in public to which he said that he wasn't sure but was prepared to do it if I wanted to. We then made love before going off to sleep. As I was dropping off I heard a woman gasping out an orgasm and, realizing that it had to be the woman in the motorhome next door, hoped that they had not overheard us earlier.

Next morning we set off for the local beach. Once there, we saw that some of the other couples on the beach were naked so we found a spot not too close to the others and placed down our towels and for the first time in public we took off our clothes. We quickly laid down, me because my bravado of earlier had temporarily deserted me and Steve to hide his rising erection. After looking around and seeing that no-one else was taking any notice of us, I felt much more relaxed and began to enjoy myself.

We had only been there a short while when another couple who looked vaguely familiar strolled onto the beach and dropped their gear a short distance away. By their lack of tan lines, and the way that they casually stripped off their clothes and took their time arranging their things I surmised that they had done this before. My attention was particularly drawn to them because neither had any pubic hair, their sexes boldly displayed to the world.

Once she was lying down, he gently rubbed sunscreen into her back and then turned her over and covered her front. He seemed to spend extra time coating her large, firm breasts and between her thighs. By the time he finished his penis had swollen considerably although it still hung between his legs. As she was lying with her head away from us, we could see between her spread legs right up to her pussy, where her outer lips were puffy and open, exposing her pink inner lips. They then swapped places, with him first lying on his front and then being turned over so she could finish the job. She covered his chest and stomach and then moved to his legs. When she reached the top of his thighs she began to rub the cream into his penis. She did this for a couple of minutes using long slow sweeps until his cock was standing straight up in the air. I could now see that it wasn't nearly as long as Steve's but that it was huge around, at least twice as wide, maybe more. 

When she finished applying the cream to him she sat down on her towel and gave me a big wink. I was mortified - she must have seen me staring at them. Next time I looked over at them, she smiled at me and asked if I wanted some sunscreen too. She obviously wasn't upset that I had been watching their little performance. 

So as not to appear churlish, I agreed and she gathered up her cream and came over to us. She rubbed it into my back and legs before saying "You really need to make sure that you have plenty of this on your bum if this is the first time you have sunbaked nude." It was at this time that I realized why I thought that I knew them; they were the couple from the big motorhome.

I was flabbergasted, she must have heard everything we said (and did) the night before. She then told me to roll over while she covered my front. It seemed to my now sensitive mind that she spent a lot more time than absolutely necessary on my breasts (and my very erect nipples) and around my pubic area.

She then asked Steve, who had seen the previous show, if he wanted doing and as he hesitated, I said "Go ahead. He also hasn't done this before either and also needs protecting." 

She slowly covered his entire back before commanding him to turn over. When he did, I could see that his cock had become somewhat tumescent and wondered how much self control he had needed to stop it fully rising. She then covered his chest and stomach, occasionally brushing his cock, and then moved to his feet and legs. Instead of kneeling between his feet to reach his thighs, she straddled him and exposed her shaven and open pussy to his gaze. This brought a reaction from his old fellow which stretched further towards full size although it still lay on his stomach. When she reached that point she licked her lips, said "And now for the bit I really like!" and reached for his penis. She rubbed cream from one end to the other slowly and tantalizingly, unashamedly masturbating him until he was fully erect and standing up to his full height. 

She bent over, quickly kissed the tip and then stood up. 

She then said "This is ridiculous, I have been rubbing my hands all over your bodies for the last ten minutes and I don't even know your names. I am Sharon." 

I replied "I am Raelene and this is Steve. I am very glad to meet you and thank you for the sunscreen." Steve concurred, apparently no longer concerned that he was lying naked on a public beach with his huge hard on sticking up like a flagpole.

"I must get back to Henry before he becomes jealous of you two." she said.

We thanked her as she turned and strolled casually back to her husband. I looked over at him and noticed that his erection had now subsided, pity really, I had been trying to think of a way to get a closer look at that impressive weapon.

Later, Henry and Sharon stood up and walked over towards us then Sharon introduced Henry to Steve and I. We were now both sitting up so that we had our eyes on the same level as their bare crotches and only a couple of feet away. Despite the flaccid nature of his penis, Henry looked even most impressive now that he was up close. 

They invited us to go swimming with them and so we joined them. It seemed that during that time Henry spent more time close to me than to Sharon and that she spent a lot of time close to Steve. Although there was nothing overt about it, Henry's hands occasionally touched my breasts, especially my erect nipples and his incredible cock brushed my thigh or bum. During the time in the water we all did the "What are you doing here? etc." routine and became quite chatty with it. 

When we returned to the beach, Sharon advised us to apply more sunscreen but suggested that this time we should do it ourselves. As Steve was applying it for me, the other two collected their towels from where they had been and moved over beside us so that we became a group of four rather than two distinct couples. 

We continued to chat and eventually got their story which was simply that they had been visiting nudist sites for a number of years and now knew many people who frequented them. On this trip they were just about to head for home when they overheard our conversation of the previous evening and decided to follow us to the beach to make sure that we didn't chicken out at the last minute and miss the chance to taste a wonderful lifestyle. And in answer to my unasked question, yes, they had also heard me as Steve was pleasuring me last night. Apparently the campervan rocks quite a bit when that is going on inside. They appeared quite unfazed that they had overheard us in our intimacy and even less concerned when I said that I had heard them going at it too. 

Before we left the beach late in the afternoon Henry asked us what our plans were and when we said that we were going back to the caravan park for a shower, etc., he glanced at Sharon and suggested that we save some money, stay in the beach car park and use the facilities in their motorhome. He explained that they only used caravan parks about once a week to use the facilities and refill their tanks and the rest of the time they were totally independent. As they had only just topped up, there was plenty of water for an extra couple of showers and therefore no reason why we couldn't use some of that. It sounded like a good plan so we readily agreed. We all returned to the car park and there was their huge bus sitting beside and dwarfing our little campervan.

Steve and I went to our van and after setting up the bed grabbed some clean clothes and took them over to the motorhome. As we approached the door Henry opened it and invited us in. Once inside he said that Sharon would be out of the shower shortly and took us on a brief inspection of the bus. After our little van this was a palace, from the bedroom at the rear with its king-size bed, past the shower/toilet where Sharon waved to us through the glass door, through the kitchen (with all mod cons) and dining area to a spacious lounge at the front.

Sharon then came out of the shower drying her hair and completely naked. She said "You're next Raelene." and showed me where to leave my clothes with the comment "We have been naked in front of each other all day, not much point in covering up now." That made sense to me, so when I finished my toilette I swallowed my nervousness and walked naked into the lounge to join the others. By the time both the guys had showered we were all naked and sitting in the lounge with Sharon and Henry sitting together and Steve and I likewise with Henry directly opposite me.

Henry explained that they normally had happy hour each afternoon – that was what they were doing yesterday when we arrived – with drinks and a few snacks. Sharon excused herself to go to the kitchen to prepare the snacks and Henry invited us to select drinks from an impressively stocked bar fridge. When I said that I like wine, he pulled a bottle of champagne from the fridge and said we should all have one to celebrate our new lifestyle and friendship. Sharon had now returned and proposed a toast to that new friendship. We drank that and I proposed a toast of thanks to Henry and Sharon which Steve and I drank. Henry said "That's not fair, you are now one up on us." and he proposed a toast to "young people joining the nudist society". They drank to that and Henry went to the fridge for another bottle of bubbly. 

I saw Sharon looking at Steve's willy and then she adjusted her position so that her legs were slightly apart and her naked pussy lips exposed. Her outer labia seemed to be a bit more swollen than they had been earlier and when I checked beside me, Steve was beginning to rise to the occasion. When I noticed that Henry had seen this exchange and that his cock was also starting to move, I didn't want to be left out of this so I parted my knees to give Henry and Sharon a better view of my cunt. All this took place without a word being said, but as the guys started to get hard we girls continued to inch our legs apart until we were each well splayed. At the end both fellas were sporting full erections. Sharon spoke up brightly "I think it is time to do something about dinner. Come along Steve, you can help me cut up the vegetables."

When they had gone, Henry said to me "You know, I could see you much better down there if you didn't have so much hair around it."

I was intrigued with their shaven pubes and replied "Yes, I have noticed that you and Sharon are shaved. Isn't it painful when you do it? What if you nick your privates?"

"As long as you are careful, you don't cut anything and therefore it doesn't hurt."

"How often do you have to do it to keep it smooth?"

"As often as necessary, but that's no big deal. I shave down here at the same time I shave my face. Sharon shaves hers whenever she shaves her underarms and legs."

"How smooth is it?"

Sharon replied from the kitchen "Why don't you find out for yourself? And you too Steve, put you hand down here on my pussy."

I moved over beside Henry and took Sharon up on her offer. I gently stroked Henry's cock and balls and found them to be silky smooth, not to mention growing even harder. Henry reached over and took my breasts in his hands with his fingers caressing my hard and sensitive nipples. After a couple of minutes, during which his cock had become rock hard and far thicker than I remembered from the beach, he dropped one hand slowly over my stomach and began to gently rub it up and down my pussy lips. A gasp escaped my lips when his finger penetrated my outer lips and found my clitoris. Sharon must have heard me because she came out of the kitchen with a still fully erect Steve and said "I think we should stop there for the time being and have some dinner while we can." I could see her outer cunt lips were wide open and there was definitely the shine of a well lubed pussy inside.

We moved through into the dining area and ate our dinner with another bottle of wine, rather rapidly I thought, and not necessarily because we were starving. We were now sitting with Steve and I on the long side of the table with Henry at the end next to me and Sharon at the other end. After dinner was completed and the table cleared, Sharon turned to Steve and said "Now you can compare the difference between hairy and smooth, put one hand on Raelene's twat and the other one on mine." Steve wasted no time responding to this offer and I felt him lightly stroking my pubic area, especially my bushy mound. 

She then turned to me "You too, Raelene, take a feel of each of the boys." I complied.

I had always thought that Steve's cock was smooth but as I slowly stroked each of these cocks, I realized that it only seemed smooth compared to others because it was hairless for the top half of its extreme length. Henry on the other hand (pun definitely intended) was completely hairless all over, his belly, scrotum and impressively thick cock were all soooo smooth. Both guys were now fully erect and the difference between them was very profound, one short, thick and very smooth, the other long, thin and the hairs quite wiry towards the base.

Steve had begun to probe more forcefully at my cunt and I had now spread my legs wider and wider to allow him better access until he had a finger deep inside me and his thumb was gently rubbing my clit. I could see that he had also penetrated Sharon and had two fingers inside her with his palm caressing her naked mons. Henry now joined the party and had again placed a hand on my breast and was caressing my sensitive nipple, his other hand had moved between my thighs and gently removed Steve's hand from my sex and then proceeded to caress my clitoris and place first one, then two fingers inside me. I then felt Sharon remove my hand from Steve and I saw her replace it with her own. 

After a few minutes of this very tangled group grope, Sharon said in a very breathy voice "OK! That is probably enough for that test. Now we should get Raelene to feel me to get some idea of how she would feel if she was smooth and Steve should check out Henry. And as we will have to move anyway, we may as well go into the bedroom for that."

It sounded like a good idea to me although Steve seemed somewhat less than enthusiastic about touching another man. We all disengaged, reluctantly on my part – I was fascinated by the feel of Henry's smooth, thick member - and moved into the bedroom. Sharon and Henry were soon lying side by side on the bed and Steve and I were inspecting their carefully shaved areas. I gingerly approached Sharon and immediately realized that I could see her twat much more clearly than I had ever been able to see mine, even allowing that she was now so wide open that I could actually see inside her love canal. Her clitoris was clearly sitting there between her puffy outer lips like a small penis. I reached forward and gently stroked over her mons and down to her cunt itself. The smooth feeling made it seem so soft and clean. I felt a judder go through her body when my gently exploring fingers found her clitoris and she moaned "Yes! That's it, keep it there."

I massaged her clit for a short while then I slid my fingers further down and pushed one, then two, into her steaming cunt. She bucked under me and began moaning louder, so I began sliding my fingers in and out of her love canal. As she continued to moan I leant forward and began to lick her clitoris and then took her clitoris into my mouth and began to suck on it the way I would suck on Steve's cock. This put her over the top and with a shout of triumph she came under me. I continued gently ministering to her pussy as she came down from her climax.

Steve had been exploring Henry's shaved features and Henry had now taken Steve into his hand, but they both stopped and watched as I brought Sharon to her climax. "What do you guys think of the smooth feel?" asked Henry as I sat back and Sharon lay there recovering.

Steve responded with "Wow, it really feels great."

I said "If it is going to make me this sensitive," gesturing to Sharon "then I think that I want one."

Sharon replied "My cunt was always sensitive but since Henry convinced me to shave I seem to be almost constantly horny and ready to go off at the slightest provocation."

Henry added "I can vouch for that, we still fuck like newlyweds despite our 15 years together."

I said "That settles it; I am definitely going to get shaved at the first opportunity." I turned to Steve and added "And if I am going to be shaved, then I think it only fair that you are too, Steve."
