 This is a story of what happened on our holiday last year.

My wife Kathy who still has a decent figure, although being of a slightly more mature age was just a normal everyday housewife until she went on a course for her job, and whilst at the hotel she was staying at got chatted up in the bar one night by a couple of men which ended up with her getting a good shagging by both of them. That night of lust changed her outlook on sex, with her saying that she had been missing out on some fun for some time,which leads me to the holiday a few weeks later.

THE HOLIDAY.

We were staying at one of those caravan holiday parks, for once we did not have the kids with us so we had a lot of time to ourselves. Kathy couldn’t get enough, wanting to be shagging all the time where ever we were, on the beach, cliff top, I even fingered her to a climax in he back of a taxi giving the driver a good eyeful of her shaven cunt.

By the middle of the week she had exhausted me and still craved more, and that night wanted to go down to the club that was on site. I said I was to tired to go and she asked if I minded if she went for a while, I said for her to go and that I might join her later. Kathy tarted herself up and off she went saying don’t wait up with a smile on her face, and I called her a dirty slut.

After a few hours I decided to go and look for her and walked down to the club, on approaching I saw Kathy coming out with four men, she was laughing and I could hear the men making course remarks to her. They all walked up one of the park roads towards the other end of the park, I followed keeping out of sight but not to far away. The men were all over her groping her ass and tits. One of the men pushed Kathy against a toilet block wall a short way from the club and started to kiss her and run his hand up her stockings to her black thong then started to rub her cuntlips through the thin material, he pulled her dress off and proceeded to finger her cunt whilst his mates watched and shouted that the slut loved it. He soon made her come then made her lick her come from his fingers. One of the others then said to carry on to the party. They walked off up the road, Kathy in just her bra, thong, and stockings, her ass and tits swaying as she walked and the men slapping her ass and mauling her tits.

At the end of the road and across some grass they came to one of the larger caravans which from the noise going on it was obvious there was a party in full swing, they were just about to go in when one of the men said it would be a laugh and a surprise for the fellows if Kathy stripped to just her stockings before they went in, the other three agreed with this. I heard Kathy say she wasn’t sure about that and was worried about her safety to which they said they new most of the men there and the would look after her, and besides didn’t it turn her on to think of all them men looking at her, to which she replied it did. I was not sure if to intervene at this point but decided to see how far she would go. The man said once again to strip, that she wanted to really, so laughing she said all right and removed her bra, the men stared at her breasts and one said the thong didn’t cover much so she might as well take that off as well. Kathy slid her fingers inside the thin waistband and pulled them down and kicked them off towards the men, and stood their in just her black stockings, suspenders and high heels saying did they like what they saw. The men grabbed hold of her and pulled her into the caravan shouting look what they had brought to liven up the party, I could here the shouts off approval all round. I stayed their for about twenty minuets thinking what must be going on in there with my wife, then decided to try and go in myself. I opened the door and went inside, the caravan was crowed and nobody took any notice of me with what else was going on. There must of been at least 20 or so men in there all shouting crude and obsene comments. I pushed on through and what a site greeted me, Kathy was on her back with a man ramming his cock hard up her shaven cunt, another man was fucking her mouth and she had cocks in both hands, she had cum all over her tits, belly, face, hair, everywhere. The man fucking her face groaned and said he was going to fill her mouth with cum then shooting most in her willing mouth and the rest over her face. I noticed that there was a couple of men filming all the action from various angles, and getting closeups of all the action, I heard one of them say that the tart would be famous with all the copies that he was going sell, I thought of all the people who in the future would watch my wife on film having the ass fucked off her by a gang of men.

The man shagging her had been replaced by another, and the two men she had been wanking had shot there loads over her. After the man had shot his load up her cunt another man turned her over and told her to stick her ass in the air to which she did, he told her he was going to spank her ass for being such a slut, and wanting to be naked and fucked in front of and by all these men. He slapped his hand hard against Kathys ass and she cried out which made all the men cheer. As he spanked her ass he kept telling her what a slut she was, and all a fucking whore like her was any good for was for men to use for shagging and cumming on. He made her shout out to everyone that she was a cumslut and that they should all use her as they wanted, and to fuck her cunt, ass, mouth where and when they wanted to, use her like a backstreet whore.  The man stopped spanking her and then told her to pull her ass cheeks apart as he was going to fuck her ass, she reached around and pulled them apart and he shoved a couple of fingers in her cunt then wiped the cum on her ass hole then told her to lick his fingers clean which she did. He pushed his cock head into her ass making her cry out but she soon got used to it and he was soon ramming his cock in and out to the hilt, pulling her head back by her hair and telling her what a slag she was for enjoying having her ass fucked so hard. Kathy was rubbing her clit hard during this and was soon shouting out that she was cumming. The other men were shouting to hurry up as there were plenty more who wanted to fuck the sluts ass, and I watched as several other men took their turn in her ass and pinched and pulled Kathy’s swinging breasts.

Kathy saw me there and smiled so I joined in with my turn. I lost count of the times she had her mouth, cunt, and ass shagged that night, but by the end of it she was covered with cum and love bites all over her tits thighs cunt and ass, and whats more she could not remember where she had put her dress and underwear, so had to walk back to our caravan naked and covered with cum, one of the men with a felt pen had wrote on her belly and ass that this slut had been well and truly fucked, I must say see looked a sight naked, stockings all laddered, just like what she was a real slut whore.

Well Kathy was worn out for a couple of days so stayed in the caravan alot, but on the last night of the holiday we went down the club and at the end of the night let me and a gang of men strip her and fuck her behind the club house. Well that was our holiday, and I got a copys of the videos to remember it by.  

Kathy has said that she now loves being gangbanged and for it to happen a lot more often. I can’t wait for the next time, shortly!

Any comments send by clicking my name.