 My wife and I recently went for a short holiday to the Mediterranean island of Majorca to get some sun and relaxation. We are both 38, Julie is dark haired, 34a 28 38, 120 lbs. and 5' 6" tall, I am 6' 3" and weigh about 215 lbs. and fairly athletic. We both enjoy sunning ourselves in the nude be it in our garden or on the local nudist beach and both like to have all over tans.

It only took us a day to locate the nude beaches on Majorca and it was well worth it. The beach we preferred had a large area of trees and sand dunes at the back , a lovely sandy beach and beautiful warm blue sea. We both spent the next couple of days naked in the sun getting nicely tanned and the nights making love on our apartment balcony, as the sun makes Julie incredibly horny, not to mention the sight of those naked cocks swinging free on the beach which she said really made her wet.

Perhaps I should mention now that part of our local beach is occupied primarily by gay men and on odd occasions when I have gone to the beach on my own I have gone to this part myself as I was intrigued to see what was going on. I had felt for sometime that I might be bisexual but had never had the nerve to try anything.

Anyway on our third day on the beach we were lying together in the sun, my wife looking stunning her small breasts glistening from the sun oil and her pubic hair matted from the sea, oil and sweat. Her tan was developing nicely and I wanted her every time I looked at her. As we were lying there two men strolled past and looked at my wife ,they said something to each other and decided to sit about 20 feet away which was odd because the beach was fairly deserted. They stripped off and both went for a swim. About 20 minutes later they came back out of the sea as they came towards us Julie sat up and I could see her eyes looking at their cocks both of which appeared

semi erect. Julie mumbled something about them playing with each other in the surf, it appears she had been watching them all the time and it was turning her on. She smiled at them as they walked past and opened her legs slightly and I could then see from the glistening lips of her pussy pouting from her hairy mound how turned on she was. I, in turn, found myself looking at these gorgeous cocks and found my own start to stir. Julie saw this too and as the two men sat down on their towels my horny little wife reached across and started to massage my growing erection. 

'Hey' I said.

'What do you think you are doing?

'Just enjoying the view Alan' she said looking at me with a devilish look in her eyes.

By now her soft hand on my cock was making me feel very uncomfortable. Although I was used to being nude in a public place, I was not used to sporting a healthy erection. 

I told Julie this and said I was going for a swim to cool down. 

'Fine' she said as I got up and ran to the sea hoping that my stiff cock would not attract too much attention.

I ran into the sea and as soon as it was deep enough I threw myself headlong into the surf and started to swim with strong stokes through the turquoise waves. If you have never swum naked before you really should try it. It cannot be matched for a feeling of total freedom as the water touches all of your body without any restriction.

After 10 minutes I felt refreshed and started to walk out of the surf. It was then that I could see that Julie had company, and as I approached her I could see that it was one of the men who we had been watching. When I reached them Julie said ' Honey, this is Peter.'

'Hello' I said a bit warily.

As he turned towards me I could not help but look at his cock which was semi-hard and already some 6 inches long.

'Hi' he said 

'I hope you don't mind me talking to your wife but my friend and I couldn't help admiring the two of you lying here naked.'

I was a bit taken aback by his boldness but looking at Julie I could see that she was quite aroused from the attention as her nipples had hardened considerably and she had sweat glistening between her pert breasts.

Peter then took both of us by surprise when he said 'Hans and I wondered if you two would like to come and join us for some fun in the dunes?'

Quickly I replied 'We'll think about it' and with that Peter got up and said you know were we are.

As he walked away Julie said to me 'I saw you looking at his cock, does it excite you?'

I think Julie had always secretly know about my fascination and I thought now was as good a time as any to tell her.

'Yes it did, I have always wondered what it would be like to be with another man'

'Honey, I thought as much. I have always had this desire to see two men getting it on and if one of them was you so much the better.' Wow I thought this is one sexy woman.

'Are you sure you want to do this?' I said.

'Yes I am lets do it' she said looking at my stiffening cock with a very horny glint in her eye.

With that we picked up our gear and went towards Hans and Peter who when they saw us coming they got up and moved into the dunes behind.

We put our gear next to theirs and followed them into the dunes.

When we found them we both gasped. Hans was on his knees in front of Peter licking all round the head of a massive erection. Julie wasted no time any quickly joined them reaching up to kiss Peter as his friend started to sink his lips over his 9 inch erection. Peter moaned into Julie's mouth as his cock was engulfed and as I watched I could see that cock going down Hans' throat.

My own cock had by now reached its full 6.5 inches and I moved over to Julie and rubbed my body against her. My cock slid smoothly against her tight ass as we were both well coated in sun oil. As I did this I suddenly felt someone stroking my own ass and looked down to see Hans grinning at me as best he could with that massive cock between his lips. This was all my fantasies coming true at the same time.

Peter pulled his cock out of Hans' mouth and suggested we get some blankets to lie on. With that he went back to the beach and as he went I whispered to Julie that she could do anything she liked and I that I loved her as much as ever. She replied that I should do whatever I wanted as well.

With that we turned to Hans whose cock was sticking up eagerly and at the same time fell to our knees in front of him. Julie nuzzled his tight balls and held his cock out for me. I was glad to see that it was about the same size as mine.

Apprehensively I stuck out my tongue and lightly licked his glistening cock head. A small dribble of precum oozed out of the slit and I flicked my tongue over this tasting another man for the first time.

Peter had now returned and threw some blankets on the sand and the three of us moved over there and resumed carried on as before. I heard Julie gasp as Peter lay down between her legs and pushed himself back so that his face was directly under her pussy. By her moans I guessed that he was eagerly tonguing her slit. I now felt a lot more confident and slowly began to take Hans' cock between my lips. I was surprised by the heat of it as it slid into my mouth and I was pleased that I could almost take it all. I gagged slightly as it hit the back of my throat and Hans pulled back slightly. 

I was feely very horny at this point and reached my hand around Hans to fondle his ass. I heard him groan as my hand ran over his hairy cheeks and I let my fingers trail down his butt crack towards his forbidden hole. He spread his legs to make access easier and I soon found my finger rubbing up and down between his balls and his asshole. I was still sucking eagerly on his cock and with my other hand fondling his balls. I could hear him moaning so I was pretty sure I was doing OK.

Hans then pulled his cock from my mouth stood up moved round to Peter knelt down and took his cock deep into his throat. Julie and I watched in amazement as this monster of a cock dissappeared between Hans' lips. Peter was still licking Julie hot cunt and I could see that the site before her was turning her on more than anything. She started to grind her wet pussy against Peter's face.

Hans then took the massive cock from his lips and told me to take him from behind. I asked if he was ready and he said 'Fuck yes Peter has been lubing up my ass with suntan oil since we arrived.' I looked at Julie who smiled at me and said 'Just do it honey I know you want to'.

I walked round behind Hans knelt down and rubbed my stiff prick over his greasy hole. He took another break from sucking Peter looked round at me smiled and said 'Fuck me now please'. With that and with Julie looking on I pushed forward and felt my cock slide easily, deep into his ass. I started to slowly fuck my hard cock in an out of this man's tight hole. Soon it was getting too much for me and I started to plunge in and out faster and faster. Julie was watching me all the time and I could see that she was near to a massive climax.

I shouted to Hans that I was about to cum and he told me to shoot my cum deep in his ass. As I started to spasm Julie came too with a very loud cry and threw her head back in ecstasy.

I pulled my prick from Hans' ass and Julie climbed off Peter's face. We all looked at his face which was completely covered in Julie's cum. Hans moved across to him and began to lick the cum from his lips and then worked his way all round his face. As they kissed we could see their erections rubbing against each other. 

As they kissed they each started to wank each others erections and we cold see that they were getting near to their own climaxes. As there hands became a blur Julie and I watched entranced and I gently stroked her nipples as she fondled my soft cock. Soon the two cocks before us started to jerk uncontrollably as hot spunk spewed forth from their greasy hardons. The cum splattered over their chests, stomachs, cocks and balls and as their orgasms subsided they both lay on the blankets rubbing the hot cum into their skin. Julie and I were soon at their sides and started to lick the cum from their bodies. This was my first taste of man cum and I knew it would not be the last.

Soon we were all satiated and some things returned to 'normal' or as normal as it could be in the circumstances. Hans and Peter said they both enjoyed men as much as women, and that whatever thoughts turned them on they would try at least once.

They told us that they were staying in a private villa about 4 miles from the beach and that we were welcome to join them there for dinner and some more fun that evening. We readily accepted their offer and as for what happened that's another story.

* * * * *

We hope you have enjoyed this story as much as we did if you would like to here more please let us know and we will write some more.