 I first noticed him sitting in the Jacuzzi watching my wife as she swam lengths of the hotel pool. I couldn't honestly say I blamed him. If I say so myself she is a bit of a stunner. Blonde with a nice slim athletic body and small pert breasts. I guessed that, like me, he was kind of hoping that her very small bikini top would slip as she swam to reveal a glimpse of her breasts.

On that particular day we were both out of luck and everything stayed where it should. His bad luck was further compounded by the fact that within seconds of him going into the sauna she got out of the pool to go and sit in the Jacuzzi. I climbed in to join her and in no time her hand was grabbing the bulge in my trunks under cover of the bubbles. Returning the favour I eased her bottoms to one side and started to rub her exposed clit. She was starting to breathe much more heavily and force herself against my busy fingers when the timer switched off. I would have carried on regardless but she whispered in my ear that we should have a quick shower then head back up to our room. I was in no mood to turn down an offer like that, and on the basis that I didn't know anybody there, didn't even wait for my erection to subside before climbing out and heading for the changing rooms.

When I went into the shower area the guy from the Jacuzzi was in there. The showers were arranged on a communal basis with no separate cubicles, so I was a little surprised to see that his cock was semi erect as he rubbed shower gel into it. We nodded greetings at each other as I went and switched my shower on, and removed my trunks. My hard on from Sally's attentions had not completely subsided and as I looked up I saw that he was clearly looking at me from the corner of his eye. 

For my part I couldn't help sneaking a surreptitious glance to see if he was still in a state of semi arousal. If anything he was even harder, and I looked away quickly, not wanting to get caught. I was a little disconcerted to find that my erection was growing as I felt a curious sense of unexpected and unwanted excitement at the position I found myself in. I tried to studiously avoid looking at him any more and almost managed, but I did notice that he was pretty much fully erect as he finished rinsing off and walked out of the shower area.

Feeling very uncomfortable about what had just happened I made sure that I took a very long time over finishing my shower. Even so I was still hard by the time I had plucked up the nerve to go and get dressed. To my relief he had gone and I dressed quickly to go and find Sally looking very impatient in the reception area of the health club. I apologised profusely and promised an explanation when we got up to our room.

Once in the room she sat on the bed with her arms folded. "Well? What was so important to leave me sat all turned on by myself?" I think she was teasing me with her sternness but felt it best to be conciliatory in any case. 

"Well, did you notice that guy sat in the Jacuzzi while you were swimming?"

"What, the tall, slim good looking one? Absolutely not." Now I knew she was teasing.

"He was naked in the showers when I went in and he had a hard on, and then I took my trunks off and I had one too. So then I had to stay in the shower until he had finished dressing and left."

"So seeing another man's hard on gave you one?"

"No, no, no" Was I protesting too much? "I was still hard from the Jacuzzi."

"So the sight of him did nothing for you?"

"Of course not"

"Shame"

"What do you mean? Shame."

"It would have been a turn for me to think of you getting excited about it."

Now I had a dilemma. Should I come clean about the uncertain feelings I'd had in the shower looking at him, and therefore admit that I'd been lying about them to her. Or should I keep them to myself and miss a chance to indulge in a bit of verbal fantasy play? In the end I decided to say nothing, perhaps because I was still having difficulty admitting to myself that I had enjoyed it in any way.

I just kind of shrugged, and passed the initiative back over to her. She responded by starting to pull her top off over her head, so I walked across to shut the curtains. As I reached my hand out she told me to leave them open. I was more than happy to comply as I had always fantasised about being watched during sex.

I helped her to finish undressing then pulled her close to kiss her. She responded as always with an intoxicating mixture of sensuality and passion. I could have stayed holding her close and kissing her for ages. So I did. What made it even better was the way her hands were now working at undoing the button and zip on my jeans, and sliding her hand down inside my briefs.

Eventually we broke off from our kiss and as I pulled my t-shirt off she pulled my jeans down over my hips, following their path with her mouth as she kissed her way down my thighs. She helped me to step out of them and then kissed her way back up my legs until she got to the bulge in my underwear. Stopping for a moment to kiss me through the cotton material she then grabbed the waistband in her teeth and started to pull them down, looking up at me through her eyelashes as she did so. My cock stood straight out as it was released from the confines of my briefs, and Sally used her hands to ease them down to the floor, leaving her mouth free to start teasing the end of my erection.

As she took me into her mouth a movement in the corner of my eye grabbed my attention. "Bloody hell, it's him again!" Sally looked up with a questioning glance, and I just pointed at the window opposite ours. The guy from the showers was openly wanking now as he watched us. I didn't know whether I was excited or irritated. I also didn't know how she would react. It didn't take me long to find out as she got to her feet and stood openly at the window, waving at him. 

I had to admire his confidence as he stood there waving back. It took a moment or two for me to figure it out, but then I realised with a start that she was actually gesturing him to come and join us, indicating our room number by raising the appropriate number of fingers. "What do you think you're doing?" I asked.

"Inviting him round for fun" she responded as though it was the most natural thing in the world. A couple of minutes later there was a knock on the door, and Sally went and let the guy in. Seeing us both naked still he didn't bat an eyelid and as he walked into the room he removed his shorts and t-shirt, which were all he was wearing. For the third time that day I got to see his erect cock. Smiling at me Sally through her arms round my neck and gave me a kiss. While we were kissing he moved up behind her, and next thing I knew I could feel the back of his hands against my chest as he started to play with her breasts. My cock was pressing against her pussy and I could feel her gasping slightly as she pressed herself against me. Then it was my turn to gasp as I felt his cock sliding between her legs from behind and pressing on mine. In spite of the temptation to pull away from the contact I didn't, whether because I didn't want to allow him even more intimate contact with her, or because I was enjoying it.

She was now swaying slightly back and forwards, pressing more on my cock as she moved forwards and his as she went back. After a few minutes of this I noticed her hand moving round behind her back, and felt his cock move away from mine as she took it in her hand. She then edged me away slightly and took hold of me as well, so she was standing between us with a hard dick in each hand. By careful application of pressure she eased us both forwards until our helmets pressed on each other every time she brought her hands forwards. I looked up to see his reaction to this, but he just smiled at me. His smile broadened as Sally got down on her knees between us and started to rub our erections against each other as her tongue flitted from one to the other.

The sensation was incredible, even if part of my mind was telling me how wrong it was. Just as I was wondering what else might happen she looked up at the stranger and said "Would you like to help me?" On receiving his nodded assent she took his hand and pulled him down to a kneeling position. After first taking me in her mouth, she kept hold of the shaft and offered my cock up to him. To my amazement he didn't even hesitate, but took me in his mouth immediately, his tongue pressing expertly against the base of my cock as he took me almost all the way in. 

Sally left him to it and stood up to kiss me. I could taste pre-cum on her lips, but wasn't sure whether it mine, his or both. While we kissed I reached down and started to stroke her clit, feeling the moistness down there, and using it to lubricate my fingers. She was clearly turned on big time and it was only a couple of minutes before she started to orgasm, grabbing me for support as her legs buckled.

Gradually Sally regained the use of her legs sufficiently to stagger over to the bed, where she collapsed onto her back. I followed her and started to kiss my way slowly up her legs. Glancing up I saw that our new friend was greedily sucking at her breasts, teasing the nipples with his teeth and tongue. As I got to the top of her legs I lapped at her soaking wet pussy, tasting the juices as I did so. The dual attention of our mouths on her quickly had her coming again, and I made sure that I kept licking until she had to forcibly push my head away.

When she had recovered her composure sufficiently, she gestured me to take her place. I did as I was bid, lying down on my back. She in turn swapped places with me and was soon kissing and licking round the top of my legs, without actually making any contact with my cock or balls. I was wondering how our guest was going to fit into this scenario, but not for long. He moved up the bed slightly so he was kneeling next to my head and offered his cock up to my mouth. At first I was staggered by his confidence and nerve in presuming that I would be willing to give him a blow job. However this feeling was only fleeting, and soon I had another man's dick in my mouth for the first time in my life.

Looking up from between my legs Sally looked surprised but delighted to see what I was doing. Leaving me to it she in turn took my cock in her mouth and began to move her head back and forwards, using her tongue and lips to pleasure me as she did so. For my part I kept on sucking, and started to play with his balls at the same time. Moving my hand up between his legs I grabbed the back of his thigh to pull him towards me so I could take more of him in my mouth. Slowly I slid my hand up the back of his thigh and up between his buttocks. He responded by spreading his legs further to give me easier access, I took advantage of this and slid one finger inside him.

I could sense that he was close to coming now, and this helped to bring me close to the point of orgasm as well. Sally noticed this and took her mouth away. For a second I wondered what on earth she was doing, but then she made us kneel either side of her as she lay down on her back once more. On her instruction we both began wanking while we watched her playing with her pussy. As she approached her third climax I started to come, shooting my cum all over her breasts and face. Almost simultaneously our guest did the same.

As I bent down to kiss her cum covered face, he started to lick her breasts clean. Once he had finished he smiled at us both, said thanks and got dressed and left. The manner of his leaving was so casual it left us slightly dazed. Dazed but happy. As we lay there naked in each other's arms we agreed that our first threesome would not be our last.