 My wife and I have been married for a very long time! We began dating when we were both in high school and married just after college. Our sexual experience has been limited to one another and, although, still enjoyable I'd be lying if I told you that I wouldn't like a little spice in the bedroom!

My wife, Sofie, is shy, naive, trusting and only interested in making sure that only I enjoy our sexuality. After menopause, Sophie has little to no interest in even having an orgasm; but, she's very considerate in not forgetting my needs. So, even in our late 60s we still have oral sex at least twice weekly. Not bad and no complaints.

That said, Sophie continues to be a stunning woman who looks and acts 15-20 years younger than her chronological age. She works out 3-4 times weekly, is very careful about what she eats and doesn't smoke. She's 5'4 and about 118 pounds and still turns heads. But what's really extraordinary about her is her skin: it's taught, milky white and smooth as silk. Really she's a knockout and her 36D breasts don't hurt the overall package!

As many men my age, I often fantasize and/or masturbate thinking either about our past sexual encounters; or, visualizing what it would be to see my wife really get turned on (again) by a stranger. The past is not an issue and I frequently reflect but a new experience at our age seemed not just highly unlikely but merely a dream!

Well, dreams can and do come true! Last month Sophie and I were out to dinner and, as usual, enjoying ourselves people watching, chatting and relaxing. We both noticed that a gentleman was sitting at the next table alone and after exchanging pleasantries we invited him to join us so that he would have company for dinner. This is not unusual for us as we live in a vacation community where thousands of travelers visit and we often extend hellos.

The gentleman, whose name turns out to be Jim, accepted our invitation and sat on the banquette next to Sophie and across from me. We each had a drink and began the process of getting to know one another. Jim was a nice looking man of 48, well maintained, had a full head of hair, a very casual demeanor and an easy laugh. It was all good and we were all enjoying the banter.

After a second drink my shy, demure, very sexually up-tight wife began to loosen up. She was laughing with the guys, adding comments of her own and the evening was really shaping up to be a very pleasant encounter. No sexual innuendo, no talk of sex at all; so, it was "safe" for Sophie.

The third drink arrived, at Jim's insistence, and I noticed that my wife was really beginning to have a good time. Jim noticed the same! I looked at Sophie and she whispered to me that Jim had his hand resting on her creamy white thigh and asked "what should I do?" I just shrugged and told her to do whatever she wanted to do. A few minutes later Sophie became not only became a bit quieter but also a little "squirmier" moving around on her seat.

I didn't pay too much attention to it until Sophie turned to me and said, "Jim's stroking my thigh and his hand's getting further and further up my dress" What should I do?" All this is going on with Jim still at the table!! I said what do you want to do and her response startled me-- in a very good way. Although to this day I still can't believe it, Sophie said "I want to open his fly and play with his penis". I was shocked!

Now here we are, 3 mature, well dressed, adults in a high end restaurant and my wife wants to put her hand under the tablecloth to reach for Jim's cock. What I didn't know at this point that Jim's hand had not only continued to move "north" but had moved Sophie's panties to the side and was playing with her pussy, I was getting the picture and was going crazy!

Sophie's always had an easy time having multiple orgasms and because of her lack of sex for many months this encounter awakened her. I could actually hear her pussy juices making noise from Jim's intrusion from across the table. Sophie reached down and over, unzipped Jim's pants, reached in a made a palpable sound. Jim was much bigger than I, thicker than I; and, had a hard on like stone. To put this in context Sophie has never seen, touched or encountered another man's penis-- EVER!

The under table action went on for only a few more minutes when Jim said, I have a room in the hotel, let's go upstairs. I'll put the dinner tab on my room. Sofie couldn't wait, nor could I! So, we all went to the 11th floor. When we got into the room, Jim asked if he asked Sophie to take off her clothes- I, of course, encouraged the question; and, so he did!

Just as Sophie had never been exposed to any other cock but mine, so also has never, ever disrobed in front of another man- let alone a stranger. But Jim asked and Sophie obliged. She unbuttoned her top and slipped the dress off her shoulders, then removed her bra exposing her great tits. She was embarrassed at first and cupped them but with a little encouragement she released them. Jim immediately went to them.

Sophie wasn't impressed with Jim's interest in her tits and began to move first her dress, then her panties. Jim took it all in. A beautiful mature woman, with milky skin, a great ass and a coiffed pussy. What could be bad? Now it was Sophie's chance to see Jim. He removed his shirt quickly, then his pants- Sophie wasn't disappointed. Jim's cock lived up the the expectations from her encounter in the dining room.

Jim embraced Sophie and they kissed briefly- she just wanted his cock in her mouth. She pushed Jim onto the bed, got between his legs and began licking his shaft until she eventually engulfed his head into her mouth. Sofie was very good at this! Through all of this, I was an after thought. I was sitting on the chair taking it all in and thinking this one time event will be a lasting memory for the rest of my life. I took out my cock and began stroking.

Sophie continued sucking Jim's cock until he said that she had to stop or he would come too soon. He positioned Sofie on her knees and entered her from behind. We had never done this and the new experience drove Sofie insane! She was humping, having orgasm after orgasm, and, moaning so loudly we thought we would be getting a call from the hotel staff. After the rear entrance, Jim began to play with Sofie's asshole- she went wild. A few minutes later Sophie made Jim lie on the bed and she got on top of him- first facing away and then, a few minutes later facing him. I couldn't count the number of Sophie's orgasm- and later in recounting what happened, neither could she.

Although it seemed to last for hours, everyone including me who masturbated twice during all of the action, were spent and it was only 45 minutes later! We got dressed, went back to the dining room, had a night cap and went home. Although this was a once in a lifetime event for both Sophie and me, it'll be the most memorable event of our married life!