 Walt still had his sights on Kelly and once he learned that Liz and Kelly were office lovers he decided it was time to make his move. Kelly had always been attracted to Walt but she knew his reputation based on what Kelly told her and she still had a boyfriend. Kelly was out for the afternoon and Kelly sat in the office attending to her receptionist tasks. She was bored she took out her book of erotic art and looked through it.

Kelly and her boyfriend had not had sex in weeks and she had suspected that he might be seeing someone else. It was unlikely that as much as the erotic art put her in the mood that she would see any action tonight. Just thinking about sex caused her loins to heat up and she went into deep thought wishing that she could orgasm. She reached between her legs as she looked at the art and pulled her panties to one side. Kelly neglected to lock the office door as there were no appointments scheduled for the afternoon. Kelly had her motor running as she diddled her clit while looking at the art work and for some reason the image of Walt crept into her mind. Kelly tried to imagine his big cock based on how Liz had described it.

Her trance was broken and her thoughts interrupted when she heard the door open and Walt walked in the office. Kelly whipped her hand out of her crotch and she blushed with embarrassment. Her fingers were wet and the smell of sex was evident in the room.

"Liz isn't in this afternoon," Kelly stated in a shaky voice.

"I know, I stopped by to see you but it looks like you started without me," Walt replied as he locked the office door.

Kelly started make an excuse for her flushed state but Walt walked right up to her and pulled the top of her dress down to her waist baring her braless tits. He took a breast in each hand and fondled them. Kelly started to protest but Walt covered her mouth with his and her words were lost in a silent kiss. Walt continued to manipulate her tits and nipples as he plunged his tongue deep into her throat.

Against her better judgment Kelly responded to his advances. It had been too long since her boyfriend kissed her like that and it felt so good at the moment. Walt reached down and lifted the hem of Kelly's skirt up to her waist and sought out her panty encased pussy. Kelly was wearing a garter belt holding up her stockings and her panties were under the garter straps. Realizing this Walt pulled the elastic of her panties to one side of her vulva exposing her pussy.

Walt continued to French kiss Kelly and groped one of her tits as he shoved a finger into her pussy. Kelly gasped as he fingered her pussy. His other hand left her breast so that he could unzip his pants and let loose his hard cock. Kelly felt Walt's large erect dick touch her thighs as he continued to kiss her deeply and finger her twat. Walt managed to get his cock in her pussy while they were still fondling and it was the perfect angle for Kelly as it rubbed against her erect clit. She began to breathe hard as she approached her much needed orgasm. She came hard pressing her hips into Walt and humping and gasping as her body spasm in orgasm.

Kelly held to him tightly as her legs felt rubbery from the intensity of her orgasm. Kelly could feel herself being lowered to the floor. Walt lay on his back and had her straddle him keeping his big cock buried in her hot pussy. Kelly bobbed up and down on his hard cock as he reached up and played with her big tits. She could feel another orgasm building in her loins and she could feel his huge dick swell against the walls of her vagina as he raced toward his orgasm. Although Kelly knew she was safe, she didn't want Walt to cum in her pussy. 

"Don't cum in me she," she pleaded as she sensed his release. Kelly was safe but she just didn't want the mess in her pussy.

Kelly's body rocked as she came again drenching Walt's crotch under her. She felt Walt shoot his cum deep into her womb ignoring her request. Volley after volley bounced off her vaginal walls filling her pussy with his seed. She collapsed on Walt's chest her tits pressing into him. She lay still contemplating what just happened and felt his softening cock slip from her sopping pussy. Kelly stood up and pulled up her panties over her cum filled cunt and re-adjusted her dress as Walt tucked his pecker back in his pants. He smiled at her and spoke.

"I wish I had more time but I have an appointment. I hope you enjoyed this visit. Next time wear your panties over your garter belt it will give me easier access," he said and then he left the office as quickly as he had arrived.

It was over in a matter of minutes and Kelly had had two orgasms and her pussy was cum filled. After Walt left she made her way to the ladies room and cleaned up the best she could. As she washed cum from her pussy she thought about Walt and the way his big cock filled her and pleasured her. It was too bad that he had to leave as Kelly would have loved to spend the afternoon with him.

THE HOUSE WARMING PARTY

The Sepcas moved into their new estate like home right on the ocean. As promised they invited Walt to their house warming party and reminded him to bring Susan and her mother Audrey. Holly knew that her husband and sons would go gaga over Susan's and Audrey's shapely asses, particularly Susan's.

Walt, Susan and Audrey left for the Sepca's house and when they arrived there were already about twenty other couples there. Although Walt and Holly had already met and been together on more than one occasion, Vinnie introduced his wife Holly, his sons Nick and Richie and his niece Carrie. Audrey noticed that Holly was a very attractive lady who obviously spent time working out and keeping her body in great shape. Holly was obviously proud of her figure as she wore a white strapless cocktail dress that was cut about ten inches above her knees displaying her shapely legs. The two sons were both just over six feet tall and weighed about 180 pounds and they were very handsome. Carrie their niece was staying with them while she went to the local college. She was 5'6" tall, 110 pounds with short brown hair. Carrie was very pretty and possessed a slender but shapely figure.

Vinnie and Holly walked Walt, Audrey and Susan around the room and introduced them to their other guests. Everyone was very friendly and welcomed them to the party. As the night went on people gathered in little groups for idle chatter and Audrey noticed that Walt spent a lot of time with Carrie. Audrey turned back to look at Walt and she noticed that he was gone from the room and so was Carrie. Audrey started walking around looking for him and also checked the patio. Holly noticed her and approached her to see if anything was wrong.

"Is there anything wrong Audrey?" she asked.

"No I was just looking for Walt, have you seen him?" Audrey replied.

"I think I saw him go this way. Come with me and I'll show you," Holly told her and then took Audrey's hand and led her down the hallway past several rooms.

Holly stopped in front of one room and gently pushed the door open and at the same time signaling Audrey to be quiet. Holly moved Audrey in front of her and Audrey looked in the room only to see Walt fucking Holly's niece. Carrie was bent over the bed with her skirt pushed up to her waist as Walt with his pants down around his ankles fucked her from behind with his huge cock. Holly put her arms around Audrey's waist and pulled her back toward her as she whispered in Audrey's ear telling her that Carrie always got to fuck their new friends first. Then Holly kissed Audrey on her neck and then tongued her ear. Audrey melted in Holly's arms as Holly moved her hands up and squeezed Audrey's breasts through her dress. Audrey let out a deep sigh and Holly realizing that she had a live one moved Audrey down the hall to the next room.

The guests had started to leave and Susan noticed that Walt and her mother were missing. She went to Vinnie and asked him if he knew where they were. Vinnie smiled at her took her hand and led her down the hallway. The first door they came to Vinnie guided Susan in front of him and she saw Walt fucking Carrie from behind. Susan watched for awhile as Vinnie massaged her fantastic ass. Vinnie had noticed her ass immediately when she arrived and he had a hard time keeping his hands off of it until now. Susan let Vinnie have his way rubbing her shapely ass as she watched Walt's big cock piston in and out of the pretty girl.

Susan leaned back into Vinnie and whispered, "Where is my mother?"

Vinnie moved her out of the room and down the hallway to the next room cupping her ass as they walked side by side. At the next room Susan saw her mother engaged with Holly in a torrid 69. Susan had seen her mother with men and women before so this scene did not shock her. Vinnie was now massaging both ass cheeks through Susan's dress and Susan rotated her ass demonstrating her approval of his fondling. Vinnie then raised her dress and cupped her panty covered ass. Susan took his hands and moved them inside her panties and Vinnie almost came in his pants. He was so hot to fuck this young girl and he secretly prayed that she would let him fuck her ass.

Vinnie moved Susan down the hall to yet another room and ushered her inside. Once inside Vinnie was in a hurry to fuck her and he guided her over to the bed and pushed her skirt back up and pulled her panties down. He frantically tore at his own belt and trousers to unfasten them and push them down his hips. Susan turned toward him and smiled.

"Can we take our time and take all our clothes off?" she asked coyly.

Vinnie couldn't believe his ears but blurted, "Of course we can my dear."

The two of them undressed and got in the bed. Susan was pleased when she saw that Vinnie's erect cock looked to be almost eight inches long and she was satisfied with his thickness as well. Vinnie hurried to get his cock in her and he wanted to fuck her doggy style so he could watch her hot ass. Susan knew what he really wanted and she wanted it too. She liked a real cock in her ass and she looked forward to his filling it with his spunk. Susan, Liz and Sherry had shared their toys and dildos and Liz had even fucked Susan's ass a few times with a strap-on. Susan however still loved the real thing.

"Would you like to fuck me in my ass? I saw you looking at my ass all night and I bet you would like to fuck it, am I right?" Susan asked Vinnie in a sultry tone.

"Oh my God would I ever like to fuck your ass. It is so hot I would love to fuck you there," Vinnie stammered still not believing his good fortune.

"Do you have some lube or some cream?" Susan reminded him.

Vinnie scrambled off the bed and fetched the lubricant from the nearby nightstand. He returned to the bed and Susan got on all fours and wiggled her scrumptious ass at him. Vinnie poured an ample amount of lube in his hands and then massaged it into Susan's ass. He fingered her asshole with his middle finger and then added his index finger as well. Then he used his ring and pinky from the same hand to finger her pussy. Vinnie fingered her pussy and ass at the same time as Susan arched her back and increased the allure of her perfect ass. Vinnie stared at the beautiful teenager with the curvy ass as he sawed his fingers in and out. Then he could no longer take it and he moved behind her to insert his impressive cock into her poop chute.

Vinnie eased his cock into her ass and it slid in with ease. Vinnie held to her shapely buns as he took his time and fucked her ass slowly. Vinnie wanted this ass fuck to last as long as possible and make it a memorable one. He was so taken with Susan's beautiful ass that he wanted to caress it and fuck it for the rest of the night. But as Susan started massaging his cock with her talented anal muscles, Vinnie felt his body take over and he could feel his balls tighten with his imminent orgasm. He didn't want to cum so soon but he felt his cum travel from his scrotum through his cock and shoot deep into Susan's ass. Vinnie felt as if it was an enormous ejaculation and it was certainly larger than any of his recent ones. Susan felt the semen splash off the sides of her rectal wall and she relished in the feeling of the warm sperm flooding her ass. Susan continued to milk Vinnie's cock with her ass muscles and she heard him groan with passion. Susan loved the effect she had on men when she milked them dry with her anus. Vinnie collapsed over her back and let his hands cover her small tits and large nipples as he slowly recovered from his intense ejaculation.

"Hey Dad is this party private or can we join in?" Nick said as he and Richie walked into the room. 

Susan turned her head with Vinnie still draped over her body and saw that Nick and Richie had entered the room. Both young men were naked and they were sporting impressive erections. Susan noticed that they were a little longer and thicker than their father but not as big as Walt. Susan became excited about the possibility of a three way or even four way, when Vinnie recovered. Nick and Richie walked up to the bed and stood along side Susan. She took their cocks in her hands and alternated licking their dick heads. Nick and Richie for the first time noticed that their father had his dick in Susan's ass. They had hoped she would take it in the ass and now they knew that she did. Vinnie pulled out of the teenager's ass as his cock softened and deflated.

Nick got in the bed and lay down on his back and encouraged Susan to straddle his cock. Susan did not hesitate and she moved into a very familiar position and lowered her pussy onto Nick's impressive cock. Richie saw the lube nearby and he applied an ample amount to his cock. Richie then moved in behind Susan and eased his cock into her hot ass. His cock went in easy given her recent ass fucking with Vinnie's sperm still in her ass and Richie's lubed up cock. The two boys had obviously done this before and they soon established a smooth rhythm as they fucked Susan in both holes. 

"Are you okay with this Susan?" Nick asked as he reached up and tweaked her eraser hard nipples.

"Oh yes, I love it. Fuck me in both holes fuck me and cum in me!" Susan pleaded.

Vinnie moved to the front of her and offered her his soft cock and Susan immediately gobbled it up filling her final hole. Vinnie marveled at the cock sucking abilities of the young woman and she was clearly a girl experienced beyond her years. He watched as his two sons fucked Susan's pussy and ass with a steady fluid motion. He felt his own cock hardening in the young girl's mouth again and he was amazed how quickly he had recovered this time. Vinnie watched as his son Richie stiffened and then blasted streams of cum into Susan's ass. He watched as Susan's nether hole opened and closed around his son's cock as she milked Richie dry of every drop of semen.

Nick was the next to cum and he emptied his balls into Susan's pussy and Susan grabbed his cock with her vaginal muscles. As she worked both sets of muscles she had the guys groaning with pleasure. All this was too much for Vinnie and he came for a second time this time filling the young girl's mouth with his seed. Susan swallowed every drop of cum from Vinnie's cock and then she too gasped aloud and her body shook with a mind blowing climax. Vinnie's cock slipped from her mouth and she collapsed on Nick's chest. 

"That was quite a show," Holly said.

Holly and Audrey had entered the room and watched Susan get triple teamed by Vinnie and his sons. Holly and Audrey were totally naked as they had shed their clothes in the other room. They stood side by side with their arms wrapped around each other as their naked bodies pressed together.

"I think we should all move to the play room," Holly suggested.

The two boys Nick and Richie separated themselves from Susan and then the four of them walked naked toward the play room. As they passed the other bedroom they noticed that Walt and Carrie were naked as well and that Walt was fucking Carrie in the missionary position. 

"Why don't you join us in the play room," Holly urged as she looked in on the two lovers.

Walt pulled out of Carrie at Holly's request and then Carrie took him by the hand and led him to the play room. When Walt arrived he was not shocked to see everyone naked. Holly pushed Audrey toward her sons and they took her hands and pulled her closer to them. 

"Audrey why don't you enjoy the men as your daughter did and I will keep Walt happy while you enjoy yourself," Holly said as she moved closer to Walt.

Audrey was pulled to the floor by the two young men and she was made to straddle Richie's cock. Audrey lowered her pussy onto the young man's hard cock and it slid into her like a knife through warm butter. Audrey gasped as she felt the cock enter her pussy.

"Do you take it in the ass like your daughter or do you want it in your mouth," Nick asked her as he held his erect cock in his hand.

"Do her ass she loves it in the ass," Susan blurted out catching her mother by surprise.

"Is she right Audrey? Should I put it your ass?" Nick asked.

"Yes please do it. Put it in my ass. I want to feel your cock in my ass," Audrey told him.

Nick lined his cock up with Audrey's nether hole and pushed slowly until he cleared her sphincter and his cock went all the way into her ass. Audrey emitted an audible gasp as the impressive cock filled her ass. Audrey loved the feeling of being double fucked once again. Holly had been good with her tongue but this was what she really loved. Vinnie moved toward her and offered her his semi-erect cock for her available mouth. Audrey took his soft worm into her mouth and sucked it to hardness. Vinnie didn't think that he could cum again but he liked Audrey sucking on his cock while his sons pounded her pussy and ass.

Holly dropped to her knees and took Walt's cock in her mouth and she sucked him hard. Satisfied that Walt was ready to fuck again Holly moved to all fours facing Audrey, her husband and two sons. Walt instinctively knelt behind her and he was preparing to fuck her from behind when Holly spoke.

"Walt you can have my ass or my pussy which ever you would like tonight," Holly told him.

Walt decided to start with her pussy and then he might take her ass later. Walt slipped his cock into her slippery pussy and fucked her from behind as he watched Audrey take on three cocks. Holly moaned with pleasure and rotated her firm ass against Walt's hips as he fucked her pussy.

"Susan, bring your sweet pussy over here so I can lick it as your boyfriend fucks me," Holly directed.

Susan lay on her back and scooted forward so that her pussy was accessible to Holly's skilled tongue. Holly immediately found Susan's clit with her tongue and she inserted three fingers into the young girl's experienced pussy. As Holly worked on the teenager's pussy Carrie walked over and stood over Susan's face.

"I have something for you too Susan," Carrie said as she lowered her pussy to the girl's face.

Susan welcomed the pretty girl's pussy onto her mouth and she plunged her tongue deep into her vaginal recess. Carrie gasped as Susan's tongue swirled around inside her pussy and danced over her clit.

"That's it Susan, oh yeah you got it. Eat my pussy and taste your boyfriend's cum in there," Carrie blurted out.

Everyone was overcome with the eroticism in the room. Walt was fucking Holly while she ate Susan's pussy as Susan ate the pussy of Carrie who he had just fucked earlier. Not ten feet away Audrey was sucking on Vinnie's cock while his two sons fucked her in the ass and pussy. Walt looked down at Holly's shapely ass and he began to play with her nether hole. He moistened his finger with her pussy juice and poked her in her asshole. Walt loved how easy his moistened finger slipped in her ass so he added a second finger and soon had them both sawing in and out of her asshole with ease. Walt then decided to go for it and fuck Holly in the ass. He pulled his cock from her pussy and lined it up with her asshole then he pushed slowly and it popped right in causing Holly to gasp aloud.
