 DAY 10 -- FRIDAY

"What do we tell people? That we're girlfriends now? That we're engaged?" Holly and Emma hadn't told anybody about their new relationship except the five people at yesterday's orgy, though Emma thought the neighbors probably heard Holly's scream when she said 'yes'.

"Let's start by saying we're dating. When you get me my engagement ring, we'll tell people we're engaged." Sensible Emma had the solution. 

"Remember, it has to be a real ring from a jewelry store, not a Ring Pop or something out of a gumball machine." Emma knew Holly might decide a ring is a ring and buy the first thing that struck her fancy.

Miss Burton was in the living room. Her collar was off. She looked glum. "What about me? Now that you're getting married." 

Emma retrieved the collar and put it on. "Who am I? Who are you?"

"You are Mistress Honey Emma. I am your submissive and pet."

"If I tell you to lick my ass at lunchtime in the middle of the cafeteria, what are you going to do?"

Pet looked shocked but didn't hesitate. "I'm going to lick your ass, Mistress Honey Emma."

"Don't worry. I'm not going to ask you to do that." Pet sighed in relief. "You are still our pet. You are still Master Honey's pet." 

Emma put the leash on. "Now let Master Honey fuck you like the proper pet you are."

Pet got down on all fours, lowered her front end, and raised her rear. "She's all yours Master Honey."

Jack pulled off his pants. His cock was already hard. 

"By the way, she says 'no' to anal but when you do it, she gets hot as hell." Holly slapped Pet on the ass as she and Emma went to their bedroom. 

A couple minutes later, they heard Pet begging 'no' followed by a loud thwack as Jack spanked her, and then a yelp as his big cock entered her ass. After that, there were just moans that got louder and louder until they ended with a scream of pleasure.

Emma and Holly didn't have sex. They had begun to appreciate the pleasure of conversation with a loved one. They talked about their relationship, their dreams, the next step after high school. 

Emma wanted to become a teacher. She had been accepted at a local college. Holly, who was a good student, had no definite plans. 

"I'd like to have children. I'd like to live in a small town with lots of friends." 

"Fuck buddies," Emma muttered under her breath with a smile. 

Holly ended with "I'd like to make a difference." 

The phone rang and Uncle Jack answered. There was a long conversation. Jack knocked on the door. 

"I've just received an interesting offer. A kind of crisis that needs a quick reply. Can you come join us?

In the living room, Pet was sitting on the couch glowing. "Enjoyed it huh?" Emma winked. Pet blushed and touched her ass.

"Here's the deal. My social club is in a bind. They periodically have a dinner for members with entertainment." Jack had their attention. 

"The entertainment is sexual and interactive. The performers get fucked or pissed on or whatever the theme is for the night." He paused.

"Tonight is the dinner and the entertainment just canceled. The club wondered if I might be able to find a replacement."

"Why you? Why are you telling us?" Emma didn't understand.

"I participate in all types of activities with the club. Most others only do one or two things. So I'm the guy that knows everybody." 

"Why am I telling you? Uh ... Would you be willing to be the entertainment?"

Emma immediately took the collar off Pet. "You need to make your choice freely. Nobody can tell you what to do or even if you want to go." 

Miss Burton nodded gratefully. There was a lot of back and forth discussion. The more detail Uncle Jack gave, the more Miss Burton fidgeted.

"What is it, Miss Burton? Something's going on with you," he demanded.

Miss Burton fidgeted some more. "I have never told anyone this. Almost since puberty, I've had this fantasy of being fucked by a whole line of men. Not a gangbang really. One at a time, one after the other." 

She blushed. "In every hole. In my pussy, in my mouth, in my ass. So much cum inside me it overflows." She hung her head, totally embarrassed. She whispered "Warm liquid love."

"If we could arrange that, would you like it to happen for real? Tonight?" Jack saw a potential theme for the performance.

"I only want to do it once," she said fearfully. "If I agree, promise you'll never make me do it again."

"We aren't making you do it this time. It's your choice." Holly was always the one pushing Miss Burton to take more control of her life. She wanted Miss Burton to have a real choice about being submissive or not.

Jack mused. "Fifty members, half of them women. That would be about 8 men per hole. It'd be a little tough on you but possible. Especially if we spread it out over a period of time. And I promise never to make you do it again."

Emma nudged Holly. "What if we did the women? Like 12 each? Wouldn't that be a kick?"

Holly was open mouthed. "What about 'Holly don't be such an impetuous slut' and 'we need time together just the two of us'?" 

Emma grinned and shrugged. "You're a bad influence on me. Come on. When else are we going to get a chance like this?" The teens agreed and promised Miss Burton to never ask again. 

Jack made a phone call and explained what was needed. 

"It's a lottery. How many men are coming? All twenty-one get a slip of paper with 1, 2, or 3. How many women? All twenty women get a slip with 1 or 2."

Jack raced to the mall to get the proper costumes. Holly sat next to Miss Burton. 

"You will go as Pet. I will instruct you to let those twenty-one men fuck you in all your holes. If you ever have regrets about this in the future, remember your Mistress Honey commanded you to do it." 

"Mistress Honey Emma commands it also. You are to have no regrets."

Miss Burton started cryin, "I"m going to look terrible tonight if I keep crying like this." Emma suggested she was going to look a lot worse by the time the night was over.

Jack returned with two dresses in yellow and white. The dresses looked modest until Jack explained that they would wear only the sheer outer layer. Holly got white so her pale areolas, nipples, and bush would be visible. Emma got yellow because her dark bush and tits would still stand out.

Jack held up his prize purchase. The black silk suit that Miss Burton had tried on before. The one that made her look stunning. 

For tonight's show, she would wear the jacket unbuttoned with no blouse or bra. It hung just right, covering her nipples and areolas but exposing a large part of her breast. Of course, when she walked and her tits swayed, everything might get exposed.  

Jack had gotten the store to make a quick and temporary alteration to the skirt. It now ended well above mid-thigh. Miss Burton would wear nothing under the skirt. No panties, no hose, no garter belt. 

Emma may have been a tomboy but she knew makeup. She went to work on the teacher's pussy. When she was done, the whole area was subtlety highlighted. She also did pussy makeup on Holly and herself.

The girls got dressed and put on eye shadow and mascara. Holly put the necklace with the three hearts on Miss Burton. "You won't have a leash but sometimes I'll give you commands as if you do." Pet nodded.

They left and drove nearly an hour to a nice restaurant standing alone by the side of the road. The parking lot was nearly full. The social club had reserved the whole place.

The maitre'd greeted them and had them stand in front of his dais He clapped his hands several times loudly. People adjusted their chairs to look. Conversation stopped.

Into the silence, Holly said "Pet. Down." Pet got on all fours. The short skirt rose up in the back and exposed her ass and pussy. The maitre'd led them slowly across the dining room. 

Nearly fifty people, including staff, watched the little parade, commenting on the dresses and what was under them. 

Pet stayed next to Holly on all fours. In the middle of the room, Holly paused and scratched Pet's ear. "Good Pet." Pet licked her hand.

"Pet. Up. Turn." Pet rose and the silk skirt fell back into place. The jacket was being held closed by a single button but plenty of cleavage was on display. 

Holly undid the one button. Everyone leaned forward a little, waiting for those big tits to be exposed. The front of the coat fell away to the sides. The lapels stopped just short of revealing areolas and nipples. 

Pet walked with the others to their table. Her hips swayed. Her tits swayed. There were brief flashes of areola and nipple. People were craning their necks, hoping to see more.

Their table was on a large stage slightly higher than the surrounding tabletops. Easy visibility. Emma noticed several large screen TVs scattered around the room. The TVs were turned on. The four stepped up onto the stage. 

Jack had the women stop and face the crowd from the front of the stage. 

"My apologies for the entertainment. The scheduled entertainers had to cancel at the last minute. These are the poor substitutes who will try to do their best." Jack paused a moment to gesture at the three women, who curtsied slightly.

"The main entertainment will come before dessert. Here is a glimpse of coming attractions. I hope you enjoy. Again my apologies."

He spoke to the three women. They descended from the stage and scattered, right, left, and center. Holly told the other two to follow her lead.

Holly stopped at the first table, where six people sat. She stood between a man and woman who looked like husband and wife. "Do you like my dress?" she said to the woman. The woman nodded, lifted the hem, and looked underneath. "Can you see my tits all right?" she said to the man. He enthusiastically nodded. She turned in a circle and moved on.

At the next table, the man she stood next to didn't wait for her to speak. He lifted the hem and put his hand on her pussy. She felt his finger pushing in. Holly stepped back. "Tonight my pussy and ass are only for the women. Now if your wife wanted to play ... " she let the thought trail off and moved on.

Emma and Pet followed Holly's lead. They each went from table to table, allowing a little touching, making a little conversation. 

Pet arrived at one table and was shocked to see the principal of her school. The man who had hired her. He nodded. "Pet". She nodded back. "Sir." She was frozen. She felt the woman next to her lift the silk skirt and feel her ass. The man on the other side was pulling open her jacket. 

Principal Lanvellen said, "I think you should move to the next table." Pet nodded and moved on.

The girls returned to the stage and sat at the table, Pet had a hurriedly whispered conversation with Holly and Emma about her principal being in attendance. Emma passed the word to Jack. He reassured Pet everything would be okay.

While the salad course was being cleared, the three women went to the front of the stage. Jack said, "A little teaser while the entree is served."

He stood behind Pet and slowly removed her jacket exposing her big tits. Emma glanced at one of the TVs. There was a close up of Pet's bare breasts.

Emma and Holly stood on each side of Pet. They each bent and took a breast in their mouth. They sucked and licked and tongued until both nipples were hard. 

Jack unzipped the skirt and lowered it to the ground. Pet was naked for all to see. She blushed a little. The TV camera panned up and down and stopped to focus on her hairless pussy.

Holly stepped forward and lifted her skirt. "Pet. Lick my pussy." Pet knelt and went to work with her tongue. A different camera caught the action from the side. Holly adjusted her stance to improve the view.

Holly stepped back and Emma stepped forward. "Pet. Lick my pussy." Pet repeated the performance with Emma's hairy pussy. 

"Pet. Sit." The naked woman sat on her heels facing the audience. "Pet. Lie." The woman lay on her back, 'paws' in the air. The crowd laughed and applauded. The camera lingered on Pet's ass.

The three women returned to their seats. 

The main course was still being served when a man walked up the steps to the stage. Pet looked alarmed. It was Principal Lanvellen.

The principal gestured to Holly. "May I have a word?" Holly and Emma both walked over. Jack patted Pet's hand.

Principal Lanvellen had caught Holly and Miss Burton together on Monday, the day they became master and submissive. Miss Burton had been naked. Holly almost half naked. He had made it clear then that Miss Burton would lose her job if it happened again. 

"Please assure your pet that nothing said, done, or seen here tonight will affect her other life. Nothing. She is an excellent ... In her other life, she does an excellent job. I do not wish to cause her any undue anxiety." 

He looked at Holly. He was familiar with her disciplinary record. "But if anything happens at school, your pet will be fired faster than you can say my name. Am I clear, Holly?" Holly nodded.

"I guess I'll have to stop feeling up Miss Burton in class now," Holly thought.

Everyone returned to their seats. Holly and Emma whispered with Pet. She nodded and relaxed.

They ate but lightly. It wouldn't do to puke on someone during the performance. Pet was getting nervous. There was another whispered conversation as Emma and Holly gave instructions and calmed her. The main course was removed. Conversation in the room quieted. 

Three long platforms, each the size of a double bed, were brought out. A mattress lay on each one. Signs were placed behind each but reversed so they could not be read. Jack took center stage once more. 

"As I said, we are but poor last minute replacements. I hope we have devised something acceptable for your entertainment. It is at least unusual as everyone in the audience will participate." 

There was a murmur of surprise and glee. Usually, only a lucky few were chosen to participate.

"You all received a slip of paper tonight. Ladies, will you take out your slip of paper." There was a rustling as purses were searched. 

Jack went and took Emma in one hand and Holly in the other. One went beside the platform on the right, the other the left. He rotated the signs. Number 1 on the right, Number 2 on the left.

"Ladies holding number 1, line up over here. This young lady is yours to partake of." Emma dropped her dress. The camera focused on her big tits.

"Ladies holding number 2, line up over here for this young lady." Holly dropped her dress. The camera focused on her shaved pussy.

There was a pause as the ladies lined up. Naturally, some people got in the wrong line causing a little delay.

Jack went and took Pet by the hand. He led her to the middle platform and twirled her around. He rotated the sign. Number 1 Mouth, Number 2 Pussy, Number 3 Ass. 

"Gentlemen take out your slips of paper. Make a line in the center here." 

"If you hold number 1, you will receive a blow job. If you hold number 2, you may fuck her in the pussy. Number 3 and you may fuck her in the ass." 

"There is one restriction." Jack waggled his finger at the line of men. "You must cum inside her, not on her face or body." 

That caused quite a stir. Cumming inside was a rare treat.

"I know you all may want to linger once your cock is inside but please remember dessert still awaits and we all want to get home before the sun rises." 

With all three lines in place, the three girls lay down, pussies toward the audience. Jack said, "You may begin." The TVs showed three views side by side, one of each woman.

Jack stood behind and between Emma and Pet. The maitre'd took a similar position between Holly and Pet. Just in case.

The lines quickly fell apart as people moved forward to watch the action. Some even got on stage. But they were civil, both about the watching and about who was to go next. 

The first woman in Emma's line set the tone for that line. She kissed the girl briefly and Emma kissed her back. There was some tongue action. The woman sucked on the big tits and kissed her way down to the bushy pussy. She licked the pussy for a minute or so and gave a quick lick on the ass.

The woman asked something, Emma nodded, and the woman hiked up her dress and straddled Emma's face to get her own pussy licked. She half turned and gave a thumbs up. Almost all the women in the line followed the same routine.

Emma was glad because licking each woman's pussy gave her time to calm down. She decided that pussy licking and tit sucking with no hope of cumming was a very pleasant type of torture.

Holly's line was kinkier, or at least more varied. The first woman sucked tit and fingered the girl for a long time. She didn't think to get her own pussy licked. The second woman wanted 69. She mugged for the camera several times. The third and fourth went for Holly's ass. 

Numbers five and six went together and laid on each side of the girl. Each woman took a tit and began sucking on the long nipples. One fingered Holly's pussy and the other, Holly's ass. Holly was close to cumming. She told the women to pull on her nipples, hard. She came. Before they left, the two women ducked down to Holly's crotch and licked up the cum.

Someone wanted their ass licked, another wanted their tits sucked. Most got their pussy eaten. One woman wanted to piss on Holly. "Maybe later." The woman nodded and moved off. 

The men's line moved slower but not by much. It helped that the men swapped numbers among themselves according to their desires. 

As they waited, the men stroked their cocks. They wanted to be sure they came in the time allotted., especially the men waiting for a blow job. 

The first man was a Number 2, pussy. He had to work a little as Pet's pussy wasn't very wet. It was by the time he finished.

The next two men teamed up. One was pussy, one was ass. They double penetrated Pet. It wasn't the first time for her but it was one of the better DPs she had experienced. Probably because the two men were both gentle and sober.

Thankfully, she got a couple blow jobs so her pussy could rest. Jack remembered Pet had specified a continuous line. One at a time. He banned any further double penetrations. The remaining men patiently waited their turn, stroking their cocks, watching the action taking place on all three beds.

Fortunately for Pet, the men had also spaced out the activities so her three holes got a little break. Pet thought of it like a song -- pussy, pussy, ass, mouth, ass, mouth, pussy. 

The last three men signaled Jack. He talked to them, he talked to Pet. They wanted to go together. Do pussy, ass, and mouth at the same time.

Pet had done this before with previous masters. Had all her holes filled. She didn't like it. But it had always been with a bunch of drunk frat boys or smelly guys looking for a quickie before they went home and took a shower. She had always been forced to do it.

She remembered what Emma said earlier, what Holly preached often. It was her choice. 

Pet looked at the men. They were all older, in their fifties. They were well dressed. Showered and clean shaven. Probably wearing a nice cologne. 

Most important to Pet, they were waiting patiently and politely for her to decide.

She decided. These three gentlemen would help her forget some of the bad memories.

Pet waved them up on stage. She got off the bed. Some cum leaked out of her ass and pussy. She went one by one and gave each a kiss on the mouth.

One of the men said "Would you mind lying on your back? We all want to see your spectacular tits." Pet glowed at the compliment. 

The men all stripped. It didn't seem right to stay dressed for this. The Ass Man climbed on the bed. Pet lay on top and guided his cock into her ass hole. The Pussy Man knelt on the bed and slid his long cock inside. The Mouth Man stood close by the side of the bed.
