 I had been a schoolteacher before my divorce but now I was set with cash from my ex-husband and ready to mingle. I had been married for almost 16 years when I had caught him with another woman. Now it was my time to reclaim my lost youth. It was my time to have fun.

I got invited to the first party by a friend of a friend who wanted to date me. I wasn't so sure about him but I went on the date anyway. To my shock and delight, it was in downtown Hollywood at a building so tall that I couldn't believe the view when we got to the penthouse.

"Whose party is this?" I asked Larry, my date.

"It's Nico Corolla's party. He's a bigshot Hollywood producer. He produced a lot of the biggest movies of our time," Larry explained.

"How do you know him?"

"We go to these other parties together."

"What kind of parties?" I asked, but he didn't say anything. Instead, he changed the subject and I let it go. Suddenly, the music stopped and the DJ began to introduce the host.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for coming out tonight! You guys ready to party?" The crowd cheered. "I knew it! I think you all are in for a big treat tonight. Let's give a warm welcome for your host, Nico Corolla!" 

I was shocked when I saw Nico. I don't know what I expected, but he wasn't what I thought he would be. He was short and balding a bit. I wasn't sure how old he was but it was definitely over age 50. He wore a full suit and he looked about as nice as someone could look when they were sixty pounds overweight. I didn't find him attractive but I noticed something right away.

As he began to make a speech of thanks to all of his guests I could see all the young girls at the party shift their eyes onto Nico. They were like a pack of money-hungry vultures, ready to fight over a carcass. Nico was that carcass, old and graying but still stuffed full of money and resources that every young lady in the room had their heart set on being the one who could have Nico.

It was disgusting, honestly. Nico was disgusting too. I sighed but decided since I was there, I should enjoy the party. It was an open bar and the people were all so delightfully intriguing. I didn't notice when Nico snuck up behind me and tapped me on the shoulder.

"Yes?" I asked turning to see it was him. "Wait! Aren't you the host? What was your name again? I'm so sorry I can't remember," I apologized. I knew his name, I just didn't like him. I wanted him to know that not everybody gave a shit about him.

"And you are?" he asked me, a smirk on his face.

"I'm Emy."

"Emy? What is your last name?" He looked interested.

"I'd rather not give my last name. In fact, I should be going."

"Oh, don't go just yet, Emy. The night has barely begun. You should come upstairs with us and see where the real party is."

"My date is somewhere around here, though. I can't leave him."

"You're not leaving, just coming upstairs. Let me show you. Excuse me," he pushed through a crowd of guests and I followed him up a long, white-carpeted staircase.

He opened a door and I was shocked to see an additional party happening in a private suite in the building. The views from this spot were spectacular, slightly higher than those on the penthouse floor had been. I hadn't realized you could get higher than the penthouse.

Lines of cocaine covered two naked, young girls, both with hair as blonde as mine. They were well-built, with fake tits and tight skin. They looked extremely young and I wondered for a moment how they had gotten here. Was this guy really that filthy rich that they were climbing all over this slimeball?

"I thought you might like what's going on up here better. Was I right, Emy?" I looked over the scene, men clambering to take hits of coke off of the blonde girls, men drinking, beautiful women dancing. In the far right corner of the extremely large room, I saw a man with his dick out. A blonde girl was stroking it with her hand, then I saw her lick it.

"You like that, don't you Emy?" Nico was right behind me, his breath was on my ear and I knew that I should resist him but there was something about him that made me want to give myself over. I couldn't stop myself from giving in, even knowing how disgusting I was. I knew, deep down, that I wanted his money just as much as the next girl. I knew what I was willing to do for that money and I knew these other bitches were going to be trying their best too.

"I do like it," I purred.

"Come have a line or two and get ready. I think tonight is going to be your lucky night, Emy. You know I'm a movie producer, right? I once made a movie with an actress that looked a lot like you, Emy. Her name was Sadie Sloan. You know who she is, right?" 

"You've worked with Sadie Sloan?" I squeaked. He had me there. He was really cool. He had probably stuck his cock in Sadie Sloan. I suddenly didn't mind the thought of his cock being inside of me. Suddenly, I was finding comfort in the fact that he had probably stuck his cock into most of my favorite actresses. I wanted that cock in me and I wondered if he really wanted me or if he was just teasing me with all of this because I pretended not to know who he was.

"I've done three different movies with her," he knew he had me and he grinned as I bent down and snorted two perfectly shaped lines off of one of the blonde's tummies. I turned to him, waiting for more instructions. He began to talk about the three movies he had made with Sadie Sloan, all the while pulling me after him as he made his way through the party until he reached another door.

Inside was a huge bed, much bigger than a California King. I wondered where they found sheets for that thing when Nico pulled his cock out of his pants and gave me a nasty look. There was a moment between us when he commanded me with his thoughts to get on my knees. Then he spoke the words,

"Suck my cock, bitch."

"I'm not a bitch," I told him.

"Suck my dick," he said again.

"I don't know."

"Just do it, slut. I know why you're here. I'll make sure you get compensated. Now suck it." I wasn't sure what he meant about the compensation, but I chose that moment to drop to my knees, opening my mouth for his dick.

I sucked his cock to the best of my ability, channeling every porno I had ever seen. This was Nico motherfucking Carolla and he was definitely used to the best of the best when it came to blowjobs. I didn't know if I was good enough, and so I overcompensated. I choked on his short, chubby dick, giving it the kind of attention that I had never given a dick before. It was his power, his money and this fucking party that had me on my knees like this.

"Now bend the fuck over, slut. I want to fuck the other two holes."

I took my clothes off and bent over for him without saying a word, trusting that he wasn't going to do something horrible to me. He sunk his cock into my pussy first, and I let out a squeal of delight. I could feel all the young, dumb, blonde girls watching Nico fuck me. He had chosen me over all of them and for some reason, I felt special.

He was using my pussy the way only a man used to abusing women can. He knew that he could have done anything to me and so he pounded my pussy relentlessly, enjoying his ability to brutalize my cunt. He gripped my hair, pulling my hair as he pounded me. I came hard, screaming and cursing, forgetting where I was. He stopped and I panted like a dog, trying to catch my breath.

"I want you on top, reverse cowgirl but with your ass!" He pointed at me and showed me where to go. I followed his directions until I was sliding, asshole-first down his cock. It felt so strange to have a cock in my ass. It had been a long, long time since anything had been up there. Somehow, Nico had just convinced me to do this and now I was loving it. I had never had an anal orgasm, but the energy in the room was good. I could feel people watching me and instead of it turning me off, it turned me on. I came, my asshole spasming on Nico's cock. I screamed and I knew that Nico was cumming when he began to moan.

"Oh! Ohhhhh fuck, Emy! That's my good slut. Take my cum in your ass, you stupid cunt! Take it!" He nutted up inside of my butthole and when he was done, he pulled out and pushed me aside, as if I were a meal he was done eating.

"Hey!" I cried. "You can't just push me away like that! I'm a person!"

"Yeah, you're a person I just used and discarded like a piece of trash," he laughed at me and I couldn't tell if he was serious or kidding. "Nicola? Georgina? Come on now, it's your turn with daddy."

"Oh, Daddy! Are you done fucking her asshole?" a blonde bimbo appeared from nowhere.

"Want to clean Daddy's dick?" he asked her.

"No, let me, Daddy!" another blonde bimbo appeared.

"I know! You can do it together!" he solved the problem for them and pushed them both down to his cock, where the gasped for air and fought over the ass juices that I had left on his dick. This shit was fucking ridiculous. I needed to get the fuck out of there. I grabbed my clothing and began to put it back into place.

"Bye Nico, thanks for a memorable evening," I said just as I finished dressing.

"Oh, wait! Emy! Let me get your number. I think you might like these parties we go to. Larry seems to think you'd be the right kind of girl to attend."

"What kind of parties are they?" I asked, pausing to give him my phone number.

"They are fuck parties. You like to fuck don't you, Emy?" I thought about saying no but the truth was, I wanted to go to more parties. They sounded fun and I was certain that this would be a much more enjoyable experience than what I'd had with my ex.

"I do like to fuck," I admitted.

"Well then, don't go. Stick around. Are you into women?" he asked me.

"I don't know. I've never tried it," I shrugged.

"Well, Emy, welcome to my world. You can try anything you like here. I'll make it happen for you if you do one thing for me?"

"What's that?"

"Keep my dick drained baby. That's what I need. Find me sluts to drain my cock or drain it yourself. I just need to keep these balls empty so I can think clearly. There's a lot that goes into running production companies, you know? I don't want to have to constantly think about keeping my balls drained. I can pay you a salary of forty-thousand a year if you sign on as my cock draining assistant."

"I've never heard of that. Is that a real job?" The young blondes were still slurping ass off of his cock as he spoke.

"It's a real job. I can give you 5k cash right now if you want. Well, after you drain my balls and eat pussy for my amusement. Sound good?"

"I guess I can try it. But why me?"

"You're the only woman in this room that is smart enough to do the job, Emy. I'm glad you came tonight. Larry was right. You are perfect for the job."

"I am?"

"Okay sluts, move out of the way. I'm gonna have to fuck Emy's ass one more time to make sure she's perfect for the job!" He pushed the girls off of his dick and forcefully grabbed me. I could see two men exchange a "good 'ol boys" glance that told me this was something that happened a lot at these parties. Nico brutally fucked my asshole right there in front of the private party. I could see the looks on their faces and they turned me on. I knew that I actually was right for this job. Just as I was about to cum I wondered, how had Larry known? I had never told him I was a slut.