 After getting a text from my wife on the way home, I wondered what was in store. There wasn't much to go on, just a few simple words..."I left a surprise in the kitchen for you..." I had gotten used to my wife leaving little things for me, like my favorite drink on the counter, or something bigger like a pair of baseball tickets for the weekend. Never would I have thought she would leave this...

I unlocked the door and walked in, set down my laptop and walked toward the kitchen since that's where my surprise was. I'm glad that my brain kicked in as fast as it did when I saw what was in my kitchen. I stopped dead in my tracks, and somewhere in the back of my mind I heard my keys hit the tile floor. In the kitchen, were my wife, and another woman, wearing nothing but aprons......I saw both of them standing there, working in the like nothing was out of the ordinary. My wife was handing the other woman some vegetables which she was rinsing off in the sink, and setting aside on the counter. The other woman was about the same size as my wife, just slightly taller. My wife was blond, with long hair falling down her back, while the other woman had short brown hair cut the length of her chin.

As I stood there watching both of the bare asses wiggling back and forth as they moved around preparing dinner, I felt my cock stir in my pants, wondering what my wife had in store for the night exactly. I watched the brunette look over at my wife's ass, reach over and caress it...lingering on the underside of her cheek, like she was hesitating on going lower. I saw my wife look over at the brunette and give her a little smile of encouragement....and the brunette's fingers slid down, under my wife's ass cheeks and forward where she could tease my wife's pussy. 

The brunette looked over at me out of the corner of her eye and I watched her hand moving slowly...back and forth in between my wife's legs. My wife's ass started moving back and forth with the brunette's fingers, gliding over her obviously wet pussy. As I felt my cock grow, I watched the brunette remove her hand and bring her fingers to her mouth, slowly inserting one, then two fingers I her mouth, staring at me, and sucking my wife's wetness from her fingers. 

My wife turned around and looked at me, my cock hard as a rock in my pants, and the brunette sucking on her fingers. "Welcome home lover, thought you might not make it before the party began..." she said to me as she walked up to greet me. My wife then wrapped her arms around my neck and stood on her tip toes to kiss me, my hands went to her ass and I lifted her up against me. She squirmed against me and I let her down, she slid down the length of my body and kept going down, until she got to the belt at my pants. She quickly undid my belt and the brunette watched, licking her bottom lip as my wife unbuttoned and then unzipped my pants. They fell to my ankles and my wife made short work of my boxers as well. 

The brunette surprised me by kneeling behind my wife, and I watched as my wife slowly licked my cock up and down the shaft, while she grabbed it and slid her hand up and down the base. My wife opened her mouth and took my cock deep; taking me in almost to the base while her hand kept sliding up and down. The brunette finally came into the action behind my wife, her hands slid up the front of my wife's apron. I watched her remove the apron from my wife and toss it aside. 

The brunette's hands were long and slender, and I watched her as my wife continued to suck my cock, slide up to my wife's breasts and start rubbing them. Her hands cupped and massaged my wife's breasts which made my wife moan as she sucked on me. She slid her fingertips across my wife's nipples and pinched them, slowly rolling them between her fingertips as she lowered her mouth to my wife's neck and started nibbling and licking. My wife sat back against the brunette and gave a little moan when the brunette bit her neck and pinched her nipples at the same time. 

I watched the brunette slide one hand down my wife's stomach, caressing as she went, until she got to her pussy. My wife inhaled sharply and I saw the brunette's fingers slowly slide inside my wife, sliding further, until she was in up to her third knuckles, sinking her fingers deep into my wife. My wife's head rolled back against the brunette and she slid her fingers out, and then back in. My wife moaned and I started rubbing my cock while I watched them on the floor. 

My wife and the brunette slowly got up after the brunette removed her fingers from my wife, and they led the way up the stairs to our large bedroom. The brunette removed her apron as she went and I left a trail of clothes all the way there. My wife and the brunette jumped up on the bed and the brunette slowly pushed my wife onto her back, and then pointed me to the chair over at the computer desk. She wanted me to sit there and watch... I sat down in the chair and watched the brunette kiss my wife while her hands roamed over her body, I watched as the brunette grasped my wife's tits and licked her nipples, slowly at first, then sucking them into her mouth which made my wife arch her back off the bed. 

I could hear my wife moaning from the bed and wanted to just cum in that chair. The brunette must have sensed I was near my breaking point and looked at me...watching me stroke my cock fast and hard. She whispered something to my wife and my wife nodded, they both slowly came over to me and my wife whispered in my ear...."don't worry lover, we're just going to make you cum so we can make you hard again while you watch us eat each other." My cock throbbed in my hand and I nearly lost it. The brunette straddled my lap and sat forward so my cock was behind her as she faced me.

My wife stood behind the brunette and cupped her breasts, making her nipples pucker while I watched. She lifted one of the brunette's breasts and raised an eyebrow at me, my wife was offering her tits to suck on. I leaned forward and drew a nipple into my mouth, my hands going up the brunette's back and coming around front to grasp and massage her breasts while I sucked her nipples into my mouth, teasing them with my teeth and tongue. I felt the brunette give a little shudder and her head went back. I leaned back and watched the brunette lean back against my wife, while my wife's hands slid down to the brunette's pussy, slowly rubbing back and forth, my wife must have found the brunette's clit because she jumped in my lap. 

The brunette moaned and I couldn't stop myself from joining in the fun, I reached down and slid my thumb against the brunette's clit, rubbing slowly up and down while I watched her mouth open and heard her moan. "oh yeah, damn that feels good..." she said as I rubbed her, my wife reached up and pinched her nipples and again held out a breast for me. I leaned forward and sucked a nipple into my mouth while I kept rubbing her clit, faster, a little harder.

The brunette began to rock back and forth on my hand, breaths coming in gasps and her moans were driving me crazy. "oh my god, you're gonna make me cum!" the brunette said breathlessly, I leaned forward and said, "yeah baby, I want to feel you cum on my fingers, make my fingers wet." At this, my wife got down on her knees and started sucking my cock while the brunette on my lap fucked my fingers. I slid two fingers inside the brunette and continued to rub her clit with my thumb, her moans got louder and I could feel her body tense up. "that's right baby, fuck my fingers, make yourself cum all over my hand." I said to her. 

The brunette sped up her rocking and bouncing on my fingers, I leaned back and watched her fuck my hand, feeling my wife suck my cock, she pumped faster on my cock, she was trying to make me cum. " honey if you don't stop that I'm gonna unload in your mouth..." My wife took her mouth off my cock long enough to say, "Lover, I want to taste your cum in my mouth, so give it to me, I want to suck you dry while you finger fuck her on your lap. Make her scream baby..." My wife's words pushed me to the edge and I was determined to take the brunette with me.

I shoved my fingers inside her hard and fast, she gasped and started moaning louder, moving faster on my fingers while my wife sucked my cock, pumping her mouth faster on me, trying to make me cum in her mouth. I felt the brunette tighten up and saw her body tense, her pussy tightened hard around my fingers and I could feel her wetness dripping down my fingers as she let out a half choked squeal while she came. I reached around with my other hand and put it in my wife's hair, she knew I was gonna cum then. She sucked harder and I grunted as I spurted into her mouth. She kept sucking and pumping my cock as I emptied myself into her mouth, she swallowed it all. I jerked as I came, and when it faded away, I leaned back and could still feel my wife pumping my cock, slower and slower, easing me down.

As I tried to catch my breath, the brunette removed herself from my lap and my wife followed her over to the bed. The brunette again placed my wife on her back and leaned up, she said to my wife right before she kissed her, "I want to see what he tastes like." and then I watched her lick my wife's lips slowly, and then lean down to kiss her, sticking her tongue in her mouth. I knew the brunette was tasting the cum in my wife's mouth and that stirred me. I slowly rubbed my cock which was attempting to come back to life for round two as I watched my wife lay back and the brunette take over her bit by bit.

The brunette pulled back and licked her lips, then looked over at me, "yummy..." she said, then leaned down and started licking a path down to my wife's breasts where her hands were massaging already. I watched the brunette take my wife's nipples into her mouth and suckle. My wife arched her back off the bed and reached her hands into the brunette's hair, pulling her closer. The brunette slid down farther, hands sliding down my wife's stomach and down to her thighs. 

I watched as she spread my wife's legs open and continued down past her belly button, and further still until her face was right next to my wife's pussy. The brunette's tongue flicked out against my wife, and my wife jumped slightly. I saw the brunette rub a finger up and down my wife, watching my wife start to move against that finger and moan. The brunette spread my wife's pussy to open her up, and I could tell she had found what she was looking for. She stuck her tongue out and slowly licked my wife's pussy up and down several times before finding her clit and flicking it softly with her tongue. 

My wife moaned and grabbed the brunette's head and pulled her closer, burying the brunette's mouth in her wet pussy. My wife moaned as the brunette found her clit and sucked at it, sliding a finger inside my wife. I watched as the brunette fingered my wife, making her moan and squirm about on the bed, her tongue and mouth flicking and sucking at my wife's clit. My wife's head started thrashing back and forth, and I was hard enough again to join in the fun. I walked over to the bed and crawled onto it near my wife's head. I pulled her head over and brought my cock to her mouth. 

She opened and sucked it in, grabbing it with one hand and it felt great. She was working my cock while I watched the brunette eat her. It was one of the hottest things I'd experienced. The brunette got faster with her finger and her tongue, I could tell my wife was getting close. I moved back and positioned myself lower so that I could suck on my wife's tits, trying to help push her over that edge. My wife tends to get noisy when she gets close and started saying things like, "oh my god, yes, keep going, lick me faster, oh yes! yes!" 

I felt her body tighten and arch off the bed with her climax. A loud yell came from my wife as she reached her peak, and the brunette kept working her, pushing her to that edge once more before she could calm down. The brunette slowed down and brought my wife down gently. I leaned back, still hard as a rock again, and wondered what we would get to do next...