 After grabbing my luggage I walked quickly to the loading area. A smile appeared on my face when I saw her pulling the car to the curb. The driver's side door flew open and my red headed beauty ran around to meet me. We embraced and kissed each other deeply.

"I have a surprise for you. Put your bags in the trunk and get in." she said with a mischievous smile on her face. I threw my things in the back and jumped in, excited not only by the prospect of a surprise but because of the look on her face.

Instead of heading home she drove the car into a hotel parking lot near the airport. Before I could say anything, she jumped out and started walking to the front door, motioning me to follow with a single finger. 

Once in the lobby we didn't stop by the front desk, we went straight to the elevator. When the doors closed she leapt at me kissing me hard: her tongue darting into my mouth with great enthusiasm. The elevator doors slide open and she darted out the door. I ran after her and found her standing outside room 1507. 

"You need to put this on", as she handed me a blind fold. With a raised eye brow I took it and put it over my eyes. I heard the doors electronic lock open, she gently but firmly grabbed my crotch and pulled me in.

There was a smell of perfume as she lead me into the room and then on to a chair. I could hear her moving around: a drawer slid open, her walking back to where I was sitting. 

"What are you doing?"

"Tying your arms to the chair... trust me, you will love this."

With my wrists securely fastened to the chair she walked away. While I could hear a giggle and shuffling - I had no idea what was going to happen next. 

The blind fold was lifted. Standing in front of me was my red headed wife wearing a purple lacy bra and matching panties. To her left was a tall sexy blonde with pig tails wearing a matching outfit but in black. To her right, a tiny dark haired Asian woman dressed exactly like the blonde. The mattress was on the floor and a small suitcase was sitting right next to it.

"Welcome home baby-cakes... This show is for you. Who shall we start with?" She motioned to each one of the girls like Vanna White from Wheel of Fortune; "Blonde or Asian?"

I didn't say a word. I nodded to the left. The Chinese girl pulled off her panties, threw them on my lap and got down on all fours on the mattress facing me and in between me and my sexy wife. My red head knelt down behind her and started to rub her ass with both hands. 

"Shall I finger her pussy?"

I nod yes. She licked her two middle fingers and thrust them into the tiny Asian girl who moaned and bit her lower lip. Slowly she finger fucked the dark haired beauty. Red looks over at the blonde and winks. The blonde removes all her lingerie, tosses it on my lap and sits down in front of the girl getting fingered and spreads her legs. 

"Lick her cunt Natalie!" My wife ordered.

She did as she was told and buried her face into the hairless pussy of the blonde. Licking and sucking hard and fast. My wife was still fingering Natalie with one hand and rubbing her own clit through her lingerie. Our eyes met, she pulled her panties aside and drove two fingers deep inside her self. After a few minutes of this she stood up, peeled her underwear down her legs and walked around to me and put her moist fingers into my mouth. I sucked her sticky sweet fingers.

It was then the blonde growled and threw her head back as she climaxed.

The red head smiled over her shoulder, then kissed me hard tasting herself on my tongue. Her other hand found my bulging crotch. She slowly rubbed my hard cock through my jeans. "This isn't coming out just yet". She purred. Her pussy rubbed against my hand, I could feel how very wet it was. 

"Do you think I am wet enough baby?"

"Wet enough for what?" I questioned. 

She smiled and without taking her eyes off me, "Ladies, it is time. Katrina, you get the suitcase. Natalie, get on your back."

Natalie pulled her face back from the blonde's pussy. Katrina got to her feet, knees a bit wobbly from the first class cunniligus she just received. The Asian girl crawled towards me. Her face was hovering just above my lap; she smiled, winked and wiped her lips and dripping chin on my jeans. She turned her back to me resting the back of her head on my legs, spread her thighs and slowly worked her own clit. 

It was only then I noticed Katrina. While I was distracted by our Oriental beauty, she had strapped on a huge dildo: a double dildo. My wife was on her knees putting lube on both plastic cocks. Once she closed the tube, she tossed it away and started stroking both of them to make sure the lubricant was evenly spread. 

My wife then crawled over and set herself on her elbows and knees in front of Natalie. She ran her tongue down her creamy thighs. Suddenly, Natalie grabbed her head and forcibly pulled it to her private area. I was ready to burst out of my pants.

"It's my turn to give the orders." For a small woman, our Chinese playmate had a powerful voice. "Lick my cunt you nasty bitch!"

The red head did just that. I could hear her loudly slurping while tiny hands held the back of her head. 

"Blonde girl..." she yelled. "Get into position. Push both cocks in her at the same time, but don't go all the way until I tell you."

Katrina eagerly moved in behind and got on one knee. She lined up her two tools: one at her pussy, the other at her ass and slowly started to push. My wife's moan was muffled, her face still buried. Slowly she was inching in, teasing her. It was torturous to just watch and not be able to get in on the action.

Both pricks were just a couple of inches in her holes when Natalie yelled, "Stop!"

She released my spouses head and stood up. Katrina held still. Next thing I knew my left arm was free, then the right. 

"Pull out your cock," she directed, a softer tone than I expected. "Get on your knees and fuck her mouth... this little tart cums fast when something is in her ass".

My pants were off so fast I almost fell over. I dropped to my knees; Red's eyes met mine, her mouth was open and waiting. I moved my hips slowly, easing my self in and out. She purred and she sucked hard. 

"Now!"

With that the blonde held tight to her waist and drove her hips forward. The scream of pleasure and pain echoed through the room. I grabbed her hair and quicken my pace. Katrina was now fucking her hard and fast, and really looked like she loved it. My wife was now loudly moaning and trying to suck. I drove into her mouth so deep she gagged. I pulled out to make sure she was ok. 

"What are you doing?" Our Chinese mistress yelled. "Fuck her face until she cums. Then you will pull out and cum on..."

"...On your face Natalie"... My wife interrupted, still being pounded in both holes. Katrina stopped suddenly, both plastic dicks buried deep. "Get your ass on the floor and your face under my husbands cock."

I was surprised and a bit confused not sure who was in charge. Then I realized I didn't care. In a flash, Natalie was lying down under my member. 

"When I am start to cum, you lick his balls and put a finger in his ass." My wife ordered Natalie, then looked up at me; "When you cum baby, cover this bitch's face."

It took every ounce of control I could muster not to cum right then. I had never been so turned on in my life. Hell, my dick had never been bigger or harder than it was right now. 

"What are you waiting for...? Fuck me!" The red head shouted.

With that the blonde started bucking her hips hard and fast. I drove my cock to the back of her throat. We both pounded hard into my wife who loved every thrust. Her head was driving down to the bottom of my shaft; she pushed back trying to get every inch into her ever so tight asshole and her dripping pussy.

After a few short minutes, she suddenly pulled her head away; "Oh God I'm cumming!"

With that I felt a hot tongue attack my balls. A wet finger found my ass. My wife was still shuddering under the throws of a powerful orgasm when her eyes met mine. She reached up and took my dick in her hand and stroked it hard and fast, her saliva still dripping from it. Combined with a tongue on my scrotum and a finger in my ass, it was too much to take. She knew I was about to burst and roughly pulled Natalie into position by her hair and aimed my cock at her face.

"Open your mouth!" She insisted. Natalie complied, opening it wide.

"Stick out your tongue". She did.

I exploded onto Natalie's face: her cheeks, her nose, but most found its way into her wide open mouth and onto her tongue. 

The ebony haired Asian temptress rolled out of the way. The red head pulled herself free from the blonde, and gingerly made her way to me. We embraced and kissed each other deeply, then fell over onto the mattress. 

"Excuse me?" A new voice...? Not new; just the first time the blonde had uttered a word. Her voice soft and innocent; "Natalie was the only one who didn't have an orgasm. With your permission, can I do her with this;" motioning to the double dildo still attached to her. 

My partner smiled and nodded approvingly: "Yes you may." 

The blonde ran to the washroom to clean it up. Natalie mouthed a thank you and lay down on her back and spread her thighs as wide as they would go. Katrina was back in a flash and between her legs with a smile that stretched from ear to ear. She bent over and licked my cum off her face then kissed her hard on the mouth, and was readying her artificial members for entry...

As I lay there spooning my wife, watching these two lovely ladies, she could feel my erection grow against her lower back: "Not done?" She smiled. "Either am I."