 The first two chapters were listed under gay sex. This final chapter could have been listed under a number of categories since it contains straight sex, lesbianism, gay sex and group sex. I opted to list it under group sex. As always all characters are over 18 years old and reader feedback is appreciated. The story is completely fictional and is written based on reader suggestions. 

CURT AND KYLE

If I had any doubts about my bi-sexuality, my girlfriend Jackie cleared that up. We went out for dinner Wednesday evening and then returned to her apartment for an incredible night of sex. Jackie first gave me a mind-blowing blow job. I then ate her pussy and then fucked her pussy until we both came again. After resting for awhile Jackie had me fuck her in the ass. I was very turned on that night and I had no trouble cumming three times. I stayed over that night and we had sex again in the morning topping it off with another ass fuck in the shower. I asked Jackie one more time if she was sure that she didn't want to go to the game on Saturday. Jackie told me she would rather stay home and she was glad that I was willing to take her brother Kyle to the game.


That Friday night I picked up Kyle at his campus. Kyle would spend the night at my pad so that we could get an early start in the morning. It was a three hour drive to the game and then parking was always a nightmare. We arrived just after dinner Friday night and I put out some snacks and we had a couple of beers. It didn't take long for the conversation to turn to sex.

"Kyle, when did you know that you were gay?" When did you have your first gay encounter?" I asked him.

"I kind of knew it for a while mostly my high school years. But my first encounter happened one summer after high school. I had turned 18 years old and I wanted to get my hair styled differently since I was wearing it longer. I learned of this one place that did hair the way I wanted it."

Kyle's then told me about his encounter at Phillipe's Salon. He said that when he arrived at the salon and looked at the sign it indicated that closing time on Sunday was 1:00 PM. It was already 12:45 PM and he didn't think that he would have time to get his haircut but he went in anyway. Phillipe greeted him and told him to have a seat that he was just finishing up with a customer. Kyle sat down and watched the other stylists move around their customers. Kyle was convinced that they were gay just by their body language and voice. One stylist kept shifting his weight from one leg to the other and placing his hand on his chin as he studied the customer's hair. Kyle noticed that he had a nice ass and the stylist seemed to go out of his way to draw attention to it.

All of the stylists wrapped up their work at shortly after 1:00 PM and went about cleaning up their areas of work. Phillipe came out and told Kyle that he could take him now. Kyle noticed that the other two stylists giggled and playfully punched each other when Phillipe spoke to him.

"The sign says you close at 1:00 PM are you sure it's okay?" Kyle said he had asked.

"Oh yes, I can squeeze you in today," Kyle said Phillipe replied and then directed, "Come with me and let's get you shampooed."

Kyle told me that he followed Phillipe to the back of the salon where the shampoo sinks were located. Kyle sat down with his head back as instructed and Phillipe turned on the water. The other stylists were leaving so Rene told Kyle that he would be right back as he had to lock up since they were officially closed. Phillipe returned and tested the water temperature and then he had Kyle lean back with his head in the sink. Phillipe soaped Kyle's hair and washed it thoroughly. Phillipe massaged Kyle's head as he shampooed it and Kyle was actually turned on by the head massage. Phillipe rinsed his hair and then applied a second lathering. By the time Phillipe had finished washing Kyle's hair Kyle had a raging hard-on that was very obvious in his pants. Kyle's said that his erection did not go unnoticed by Phillipe.

Phillipe then steered Kyle over to the stylist chair and went to work on Kyle's hair. As he cut Kyle's hair Phillipe had a way of touching and rubbing up against Kyle that was turning Kyle on. Kyle was sure that he felt Phillipe's erection against his arm on several occasions. After the first cutting Phillipe rinsed Kyle's hair again and then had him sit under the hair dryer. Phillipe then shocked Kyle by kneeling in front of him and removing Kyle's pants and underwear.

"This will help pass the time as you hair dries," Phillipe said and then he took Kyle's cock in his mouth.

Kyle said that he didn't answer or protest but just closed his eyes as Phillipe's lips kissed the engorged cock. Kyle's body tensed as Phillipe's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Kyle gasped as Phillipe's mouth engulfed his cock. 

Kyle told me that he thought to himself, "Oh my God he is going to blow me right here in the salon."

Kyle said that Phillipe was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Kyle ready to blow his load. Kyle tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Phillipe knelt on the floor and lifted Kyle in toward him. Phillipe caressed the back of Kyle's legs and cheeks of his ass as Phillipe's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Kyle's cock. Phillipe massaged the head of Kyle's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Kyle's cock with his tongue and Kyle felt the light scraping of Phillipe's teeth. Kyle's dick felt harder and longer than it ever felt in his life and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Phillipe took Kyle's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Kyle's bloated balls. Phillipe then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Kyle's balls. Phillipe tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Kyle's pee slit. Phillipe had Kyle close to cumming a few times. Phillipe seemed to know when Kyle was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Kyle in the process.

Phillipe then took Kyle's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Kyle hard. Phillipe reached under Kyle's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Kyle felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Kyle this time. Phillipe grabbed Kyle's ass cheeks with both hands as Kyle exploded in his mouth. Kyle fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Phillipe sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Phillipe's mouth as Kyle seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Kyle stopped cumming in Phillipe's mouth. Phillipe sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Kyle's dick.

"Curt it was so wonderful. It was my first blow job and Phillipe was incredible. Up to then I had only jerked off thinking about other boys," Kyle explained.

"Did anything else happen that day?" I asked.

"Oh yes, Phillipe asked me to fuck him next," Kyle said excitedly.

Kyle then told Curt how Phillipe took off his pants and his 6" erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on the floor and raised his ass in the air. Kyle looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Phillipe reached back and lubed his asshole with lotion. Kyle saw this and then applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock. Kyle slid out from under the hair dryer, stood behind Phillipe and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. Kyle then spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Phillipe's asshole.

Kyle was gentle with him allowing Phillipe to adjust to his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Phillipe's ass and he fucked the stylist royally. Kyle held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Phillipe's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Kyle tensed and then filled Phillipe's ass with cum. Kyle continued to fuck Phillipe's ass and the jizm backed out of his ass and ran down over Phillipe's balls. Phillipe fell forward onto the floor and Kyle followed him with his cock still buried in Phillipe's ass. Kyle was so turned on that he remained hard and he began to fuck Phillipe again.

Kyle was buried balls deep in Phillipe's tight asshole. Phillipe was flattened on the floor face down as Kyle drove his cock deep into the bowels of his new found lover. Phillipe's ass moved under Kyle but Kyle's strength and drive kept Phillipe pinned under him. Kyle's buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Phillipe's ass. Kyle's cock drove into Phillipe and then retreated until only the head remained in Phillipe's rectum. Phillipe felt the shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

Kyle told me how Phillipe called out to him while they were fucking. "Oh God your cock is so hot in my ass, so deep. Oh fuck yeah, fill me with your dick. Cum in me, I want your spunk shooting in my ass again," Kyle repeated Phillipe's words.

Kyle said he continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his new lover driving his cock into the warm recess. Kyle sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Phillipe's hot ass. Kyle felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Kyle felt Phillipe's anal muscles tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of spunk out of it.

Kyle told me how turned on he was to fuck his first ass and he recalled Phillipe's reaction. "Oh shit, I feel it. I love it when you cum in my ass. I love your hot seed flooding my ass," Phillipe had cried out, "That's what I love about you teenagers, you can cum forever!"

"That is a very hot story," I said as I realized that my own cock had gotten hard.

"Well there's more," Kyle said.

"I can't wait to hear it," I replied.

Kyle went on with the story. Phillipe got up and wiped his ass off with one of the salon towels as Kyle wiped off his cock with one as well. Phillipe told Kyle to take off the rest of his clothes and that he would finish Kyle's hair while they were naked. Phillipe also stripped off his remaining clothes and then went about cutting and shaping Kyle's hair. When Phillipe was done with Kyle's hair he had Kyle stand up in front of the mirror as he moved another mirror around Kyle's head. Kyle's hair had been cut into a page boy style but on him it looked very feminine. Kyle felt Phillipe's erect cock brush against his body as Phillipe moved around him with the mirror. Phillipe then put the mirror down and stood close behind Kyle. He reached around and cupped Kyle's pecs and pressed his cock into the crack of Kyle's ass.

Kyle felt his own cock getting hard again as Phillipe fondled him. Kyle reached behind him and took Phillipe's cock in his hand. Phillipe grabbed the lotion from his nightstand and quickly covered his cock with it. Then he pushed his rock hard cock into Kyle's ass and fucked him hard and fast. Kyle said he whimpered under the assault of his first ass fucking but that he pushed back to try to get all of Phillipe's cock in him. Phillipe pounded Kyle's ass as they both raced toward an orgasm. Phillipe came first and filled Kyle's ass with semen. Kyle said he squealed when he felt the warm liquid flood his ass. Phillipe continued to fuck him until his cock softened and slipped from Kyle's ass. Kyle rolled over on his back and Phillipe's mouth immediately covered Kyle's cock. Phillipe sucked on his cock until Kyle shot his wad in Phillipe's mouth. Kyle said as he concluded the story of his first gay encounter.

"So that was it, my first gay sex was in a public place," Kyle snickered and added, "I got my first blow job, fucked my first ass and lost my anal cherry that afternoon."

"That is some story," I said as I subconsciously rubbed my crotch.

"It looks like I gave you a woody," Kyle said as he noticed Curt's cock in his pants.

"Yeah you did," I laughed.

"Maybe I should take care of that for you," Kyle teased.

"Maybe you should," I replied going along with the game.

Kyle moved over to me and knelt in front of me. He reached for my belt and unbuckled it. The he unzipped me and unfastened my pants. I raised my hips off the chair as Kyle pulled my pants and underwear down to my ankles. My hard cock bobbed in front of Kyle's face. Kyle immediately covered my cock with his mouth and began one of his talented blow jobs. But this time Kyle didn't finish me as he usually did instead he took his mouth off my cock and spoke.

"Curt can we go to your bedroom? I want to be naked and I want you to fuck me," he asked softly.

We went into my bedroom and both of us undressed. Kyle lay face down on the bed naked with his ass mounds pointing upward toward the ceiling. I positioned myself on my knees across his legs and I lubricated my rock hard cock. I grabbed his waist pulling his most fuckable ass into position for my cock. Kyle lowered the small of his back, magnifying the roundness of his ass cheeks and inviting me inside him. Kyle turned his head to look in my eyes and he visually communicated his need to be filled and fucked. I was ready to fuck him good and hard. My cock pointed the way as I leaned forward into him. The tip of my cock touched his anus and I gently pressed forward. There was the normal brief resistance and then my cock head slipped in. The initial feeling almost caused me to cum immediately.

"Hold it a second," he gasped and then after a slight adjustment he said, "Okay, now go ahead slowly. Not too deep at first then deeper."

Kyle knowingly made a low grunting sound and pushed his round ass back to open his inviting back door even wider. The full length and breadth of my cock slowly slid in and each time went deeper and deeper. I started to fuck Kyle with long, deep strokes, aiming the full insertion toward his prostate. I look at the blonde hair on his head then down his muscular back until I see my cock buried completely in his sweet ass. After a few minutes I began to pound his gut. Shock waves resonated with each stroke through his ass mounds and up to his back. Kyle grunted with each stroke. I am turned on by the stimulation of the sight of his tight sphincter clamped onto my dick. I pound and pound his ass and began to sweat. After awhile, I felt the electrifying current from my scrotum until I am engulfed in a magnificent orgasm. I filled Kyle' ass with every drop of cum loaded in my balls. I collapsed over the top of Kyle who was still on all-fours. We collapsed together onto the bed and we savor the moment with my dick still buried deep in his ass.

I finally rolled off Kyle after my cock softened and slipped from his ass. He rolled over on his back and stroked his cock in search of his own release. I reached over and cupped his taut ball sac and rubbed it as he jerked off. Kyle started to groan and then his body stiffened as he unleashed a torrent of cum straight up in the air. I watched as his cock spurted stream after stream into the air and then land on his body. Kyle had a massive orgasm and his body was covered in his own cum. I slipped from the bed and got a wash cloth from my bathroom. I soaked the cloth in warm water and then gave it to Kyle. He washed himself with the cloth and removed his spunk from his chest, abs and pubes.

"That was quite a load," I told him.

"You bring out the best in me," he laughed and then said, "That was no small load that you dumped in my ass either."

Then I laughed and replied, "You must bring out the best in me too."

Kyle and I slept together in my bed that night and I fucked him again before we went to sleep. In the morning Kyle asked me to fuck him missionary style which I did while he jerked off. Once again he had a massive orgasm and covered his chest and abs with cum. I didn't cum in his ass but later he sucked me off while we showered. We then dressed, ate breakfast and packed the car for our trip to the game. We had a three hour drive ahead of us so we packed a thermal of coffee and some snacks.

THE DRIVE TO THE GAME

On the drive to the game Kyle shared some more of his encounters with me. He told me that Phillipe had introduced him to two of his friends, Paul and Carl. One day he was invited to their house to swim at their pool. Kyle said then when he arrived that Paul answered the door naked. Kyle smiled and then Paul hugged Kyle. Paul told Kyle that Phillipe was already there and Kyle followed Paul out to the pool deck. Carl and Phillipe were also naked drinking a frozen drink. Kyle stripped off his clothes and he was offered the frozen vodka slush, he found it quite tasty and cool.

The four of them chatted for awhile but they were all horny and they didn't waste any more time. Kyle was told to lay on his back as Carl slipped his well oiled cock into Kyle's ass. Paul knelt along side Kyle's head and fed his cock to him. Kyle turned his face toward Paul and gobbled up his cock. Phillipe knelt down by Kyle and took Kyle's cock in his mouth. Kyle sighed as his cock was sucked by Phillipe and he thought that it didn't get any better than this. A cock in his ass, a cock in his mouth and his cock in a mouth was heaven. Paul played with Kyle's nipples as Kyle sucked him. 

"Kyle, your hair is really coming along nicely. You are really starting to look like a young girl," Paul complimented him.

"But what a big clit you have for such a young girl," Phillipe teased as he briefly removed his mouth from Kyle's cock.

Phillipe then resumed sucking Kyle's cock and Kyle knew he was close to cumming. Kyle then felt Carl's body stiffen just before he shot his load into Kyle's ass. It was Carl's first cum of the day and Kyle could the feel the force of Carl's ejaculation as streams of cum flooded Kyle's rectum. Kyle tightened his anal muscles around Carl's cock in an effort to draw out every drop of man seed and Kyle was rewarded for his efforts as Carl's cock throbbed, pulsed and exploded in Kyle's ass.

As Carl slowly fucked Kyle allowing his cock to soften in the teenager's ass, Paul announced he was cumming. Kyle kept Paul's cock in his mouth as Paul fired rope after rope of cum down Kyle's throat. That triggered Kyle's orgasm and he blasted his load into Phillipe's mouth. Both Kyle and Phillipe sucked on the cocks in their mouths until they both deflated and slipped from the oral cavities. 

Phillipe was the only one who hadn't cum yet and he switched positions with Kyle. Kyle moved between Phillipe's legs and slipped his cock into Phillipe's ass as Carl offered Phillipe his cock to suck on. Paul took Phillipe's cock in his mouth and the action was repeated. This time Kyle came in Phillipe's ass, Carl came in Phillipe's mouth and Phillipe came in Paul's mouth. Since Paul and Phillipe had only cum once they moved to all fours and then Paul fucked Kyle as Phillipe fucked Paul. Carl sat and watched as the three of them fucked until Paul and Phillipe shot wads in the anal passages. Then the three of them joined Carl as they rested, sipped vodka slushes and thought about their next round of sex.

It didn't take long for the young cocks to spring back into action. Carl suggested that they take the action inside. The four of them went up Carl and Paul's bedroom and climbed in the king size bed. Once they got to the bedroom in didn't take long for Kyle to get in bed and turn his beautiful shapely ass up in the air in anticipation of Carl's huge cock. Carl did not disappoint him and he was soon pounding Kyle's magnificent ass. Phillipe on the other side of the bed followed Kyle's lead and offered his ass to Paul. Paul plunged his cock into Phillipe's ass and proceeded to fuck the shit out of him.
