 As he drove through the gloom of a late winter afternoon, his thoughts turned to his Kathy and how surprised she would be when he arrived at her house, back a day early from his trip. They had been a couple for six months now and never before had he been with anyone quite like her. She was a truly sexual being, and it was as if he were addicted to her and her insatiable appetite for sex.

It was almost dark as he quietly let himself in with the key she had given him. He noticed that no lights were on in the main living areas, and wondered if perhaps she was out. He paused for a moment just inside the doorway, and heard the sound of music playing somewhere in the house. Slowly he moved through the bungalow, following the sound, until he saw a light coming through her bedroom door which was slightly ajar. 

He moved close to the door, peeking inside and his eyes immediately widened at what he saw. There on the bed were two naked figures, one, a woman he did not recognize was sprawled back on the bed, propped up with pillows, while the second, his girl Kathy was between her legs, her face buried in the woman's pussy.

His head was spinning, a variety of emotions flooding through his brain. At first there was a flash of anger, which quickly subsided, and as he watched the two figures on the bed. He was torn then, should he leave and let them have their pleasure in private, should he watch from behind the door, or should he enter and see what happens. 

As he stood there, he began to focus on the other woman. She was younger than Kathy, probably in her early 30's, slim with a body that was toned and tanned. Her breasts were small, beautifully formed, with prominent pink nipples and her legs long and shapely. Her face was pretty, but not beautiful in the classic sense, her hair short and almost boyish in appearance. He was intrigued by the contrast to his Kathy who was much more womanly, with curvy hips and full breasts.

His initial uncertainty had turned to arousal, his hand moving to his crotch, rubbing the hardness through his trousers as he watched Kathy making love to another woman. As he did, he gently pushed the door open a bit wider.

With that movement, the other woman turned her head, her eyes widening as she saw his form in the darkness behind the door. She tensed, letting out a gasp, causing Kathy to lift her face and look around. As she did, he pushed the door open wide, letting her see who it was. Kathy's initial shocked expression quickly turned to a wicked smile as she recognized him. 

"It's alright, Chrissy," Kathy said as she turned to look into the other woman's eyes, "It's my boyfriend Ed." The fear quickly was gone from the woman's face, and a soft smile came to her lips. 

Kathy rose from the bed and came to him, sliding her arms around him and giving him a soft kiss. As she pressed her lush body against him, she whispered "You've always wanted to be with two women, so here is your chance, and I know Chrissy is game."

With that she took his hand and led him to the big chair in the corner of the bedroom. "Just watch for a bit," she said, "Join in when you feel the urge!" She turned and walked sensuously toward the bed.

Chrissy was now kneeling on the bed and he let his eyes roam over her naked form. She was one sexy lady, and her eyes twinkled as they caught his. Her tongue darted out, circling her lips, wetting them as Kathy moved onto the bed with her. He watched them embrace, Kathy taking charge, her hands sliding over Chrissy's body. They pressed together, breast to breast, lips locked in a deep sensual kiss. 

As he watched he began unbuttoning his shirt, he felt hot; aroused in a way he had not felt before. He stripped it off, baring his muscular upper body, his eyes fixed on the two women. His fingers moved to his belt, unbuckling it, sliding the zipper of his trousers downward, and then raising his body to slide them off. The thickness of his cock was prominent in his white briefs as it strained against the soft cotton. 

The women had moved now, Kathy moving behind, her lips caressing the curve of Chrissy's neck. Her hands slid around, one cupping a breast while the other dipped downward, trailing over the flat belly, fingertips sliding into the silky hair below.

He rose his hips again, sliding his briefs off, letting his swollen shaft spring free. He saw Chrissy's eyes move to his cock as he moved his hand to it, fingertips sliding slowly up the hard flesh. 

Kathy's fingers pressed into the soft folds of flesh, moving sensuously in and out, her movements in sync with the movements of his as he stroked his shaft. His mind was racing, his heart beating fast in his chest as the anticipation of being with these two beautiful women took over his senses.

The two on the bed moved together, their bodies writhing sensuously as Kathy's fingertips massaged the velvet of Chrissy's vagina. He saw her whisper in Chrissy's ear and then the two rose from the bed and moved toward him. His breath caught in his throat as they approached and knelt before him.

"I told you his cock was beautiful, didn't I" Kathy whispered, her eyes twinkling, her fingertips lightly stroking his thigh.

Chrissy smiled and her hand moved to him, fingers encircling the base of his rock hard shaft as her head dipped. Her mouth was on him then, her lips sliding over the swollen helmet of his shaft, tongue moving across the spongy cock-head. A moan of pleasure escaped his throat as he felt her lips move slowly down his thick shaft. 

As Chrissy sucked his cock, Kathy's hand moved to caress his scrotum, fingertips massaging his sensitive glands as her lips moved to his chest. Her mouth found his nipple, tongue swirling around it, teeth lightly nipping the flesh. His head was spinning; this was every man's dream, two gorgeous women making love to him. His fingertips softly stroked Chrissy's hair as her hot wet lips moved slowly up and down his engorged flesh. He knew that pre cum was oozing from his cock, mixing with the saliva that now coated his shaft. 

He felt Kathy's lips slide downward, showering soft kisses on his belly. His eyes caught hers and the twinkle in them reassured him that she wanted this as much as he did. 

He watched as Chrissy lifted her lips from his glistening cock and they met Kathy's in a long deep kiss. Then the two of them began teasing his shaft together, tongues flicking against his flesh. This is heaven, he thought as they playfully ministered to him. 

Then they moved away, standing and taking his hands, urging him from the chair. He stood between them, his lips finding each of theirs briefly before they moved around him. He felt their bodies against his as they moved around him. They slid downward, nipples brushing his skin as they knelt again, Kathy in front of him and Chrissy behind. 

His legs spread instinctively as Kathy took his cock in her hot mouth and he felt Chrissy's lips caressing his buttocks. His body tensed as he felt her tongue slide into the crevice of his ass, flicking against his anus as Kathy took his cock deep, lips circling the base of his shaft.

It was more than he could take, his body seeming to be out of his control. He felt his skin flush and his breathing quicken. His knees went weak and his body quivered as he felt Chrissy's tongue push into his ass. A loud grunt of pleasure came from deep in his throat as he felt the sweetness of his release and his cock exploded in Kathy's mouth. 

She did not pull back, suckling him, milking the cum from his loins. The room seemed to spin, his senses overwhelmed by the intensity of his orgasm. He looked down at Kathy, and saw her eyes find his as she drained the last oozes of cum from his cock. 

The two moved from him then, finding each other, their lips meeting as they shared the taste of his semen. He fell back into the chair, watching them as they kissed long and deeply, their beautiful bodies pressing together. It was a vision that would forever be imbedded in his mind.

As their kiss broke, they both looked at him, their eyes sparkling. "Just relax and rejuvenate, Ed," Kathy said, "We've got all night, and that was just a beginning!" With that she turned her attention back to Chrissy and he closed his eyes, thinking of the pleasures still to come.