 Sometimes you fall into a pile of shit and come out smelling like a rose. That's what happened to me beginning last year. With all the craziness going on in my life I never thought anything like what I'm going to tell you could happen, least of all to me.

My name is Michael. I'm divorced from the most wicked bitch that ever drew a breath. Once I was free of her, I moved back to Texas. No real reason other than I had family there. My first choice had been Phoenix, but that's another story.

I'd been back in Texas for about a month when I met her. Her name was Dana and she was just a little thing, at least in height. She had some meat on her bones just the way I like. At 5'1" and just over 140 pounds, she had the kind of tits you would die for. How a set of breasts that large could also be that firm was something I never figured out. Didn't really try to, I just enjoyed them.

I was sitting in an "All you can eat" place one night just stuffing myself since I hadn't eaten all day. They must have had a shift change because the waitress I had never showed up again. Dana walked up and asked if I was doing ok and did I need anything. I looked up and my eyes couldn't get past those tits. When I finally did raise them she had the biggest Texas grin I've seen on her face. This was a girl who knew what she had and was proud of it. She couldn't have been over 25, not quite half my age but what the hell, I thought, looking never hurt anyone. Besides, she appeared to be enjoying the attention. 

"I could use a cup of coffee," I told her.

"OK, be right back". With that she turned and went for the java. Really nice ass. I was wishing I were 20 years younger when she came back with the coffee.

"I haven't seen you in here before" she said, "Are you new in town?"

"Yeah, just moved here about three weeks ago. My name is Mike. If I had known you worked here I would have come much sooner".

With that, she blushed. "Thanks. My name is Dana. Mike, is there anything else I can do for you tonight?"

My eyes went straight back to her huge breasts. "Well, if I was about your age there would be."

"Don't worry about age, most of the guys my age are immature and don't know how to properly treat a woman. Anyway, I like older guys. They're more experienced."

About a thousand things that I wanted to do to this young Texas hottie started running through my mind. "Well, with what I have in mind we would probably get arrested."

"My shift ends in an hour, I've been looking for a ride home anyway. Do you live close? I wouldn't want to make you go out of your way."

"Close enough, don't worry about it. You bring me some more coffee and I'll just get another piece of pie and wait until you finish work."

"Great! It's a deal."

An hour later we where in my car and heading to my place. Dana had decided she really didn't want to go home and asked if she could come over for a while. It was all I could do to keep my eyes on the road long enough to keep from having an accident. She had a white shirt on that clearly showed her nipples where already hard. The work vest she had been wearing had hidden the fact that she had large nipples. They actually looked like they were trying to escape. 

We weren't two feet inside my apartment when she turned, put her arms around my neck and our lips met. Her tongue was like a snake inside my mouth! Since she was a foot shorter than me I reached down and grabbed her ass and lifted her up. Her legs went around my waist and she started to grind her pussy into me. Our mouths where devouring each other.

I walked into the bedroom carrying her, never breaking the kiss. As I let her down she dropped to her knees and started taking off my pants. After loosening my belt and the button to my pants she unzipped them and pushed them down over my ass. My cock, which by then was harder than it had been in years, almost hit her in the face when it sprang free of my pants. While not the biggest thing in the world, it is fairly thick. The main feature of my dick is the head....it is huge! Almost like a caricature. Her eyes grew wide as she smiled and brought her mouth to the head of my cock. With her mouth wide open she was barely able to get the head inside. Once inside her mouth she wasted no time in devouring my entire cock down her throat. It took all I had not to come at that moment. I wanted this to last a long time. Her tongue, which had so recently been halfway down my throat, was now all over my cock. Somehow she was able to take half my cock in her mouth while at the same time almost circling it with her tongue. She was working her mouth up and down my shaft rapidly, fucking her face with my cock. She took it from her mouth and started tonguing the underside of my cock while looking up at me and smiling. 

"Do you like that?" she asked.

"Oh yeah, darlin', it's wonderful. You are very good."

"That's why I love older men, I've learned a lot from them. Can you teach me anything?" 

"Let's get these clothes off and I'll be glad to." 

With that, she stood up and I started unbuttoning her shirt. The moment the shirt fell from her shoulders my hands went straight to her breasts. They where getting better all the time. That was when I found out how firm they where. She had a front hook bra and I easily released it freeing those glorious mounds from their confinement. I lowered myself so my face was even with her breasts and took one of her nipples into my mouth. She moaned with delight as my tongue circled her nipple, which was now hard and protruding almost a half inch. My hands where kneading both her tits while my mouth devoured first one, then the other nipple.

My hands went to her pants and unfastened them. I eased them over her hips and ass and let them drop to the floor. She obviously shaved her pubic hair, which I love. Not a whisk of hair remained. I slowly dropped to my knees all the while kissing and tonguing her body. When I got to her pussy I lightly kissed it all over while my fingers started slowly massaging the lips. She was very wet and slick already. I parted her pussy lips with my fingers and got the first taste of her juices. It was wonderful. My tongue found her clit and started a slow dance on the little love button that had her weak in the knees in seconds. I laid her back on the bed for fear that she would fall down. She immediately spread her legs and I had total access to her hot box. I lowered myself to her and dove into her pussy with my tongue. Alternating between fucking her with my tongue and licking her clit and fingering her ass she quickly had her first orgasm. Squeezing my head between her legs, she was constantly moaning and almost yelling... "Oh God, fuck that pussy with your mouth....lick my clit, harder, harder....faster, faster....Oh damn, oh Jesus...I'M CUMMINNNNGGGGGG..."

Her juices where pouring out of her as she actually squirted all over my now soaked face. I kept licking her clit and pussy. When I shoved my finger up her ass she came again. This one even more powerful than the last and I was afraid the neighbors might call the cops with all the screaming coming from my bedroom. Her orgasm went on and on, as I never let up on her clit. Finally she yelled, "Fuck me NOW, I've got to have your cock inside me!"

I eased my way up her body and as my face reached hers she instantly stuck her tongue in my mouth to taste her own juices, which was all over my face. My cock instinctively found her pussy and as the head slid in she raised her hips and I slammed it home all the way into her pussy. Her arms and legs wrapped around me and she squeezed. She was holding me so tightly that I couldn't move so just enjoyed the sensation of her hot pussy encircling my cock, while muscle spasms from her pussy slowly massaged its entire length. She was licking my face by now wanting to get all the pussy juice she could. When her legs relaxed, I started slow movements of my hips and my cock was sliding in and out of her. She was so wet it was like fucking silk! I increased the movement and in no time was slamming my cock into her pussy like there was no tomorrow. When she finally released her arms from around my neck, I rose up and put her legs over my shoulders. The site of my cock fucking this naked hairless pussy was phenomenal. Again and again I slammed into her pussy. She would yell "YES" every time my cock buried itself into her. I put my hands under her ass and raised her up a little changing the angle. Obviously it worked as the head of my cock was now making direct contact with her G-Spot. She went absolutely nuts at that point and was whipping her head from side to side in ecstasy as she came and came and came.... At that point I could no long hold back and shot my load deep into her pussy. Over and over my cock shot cum inside her. She again wrapped her arms and legs around me as I collapsed on top of her. Both her pussy and my cock still going through the spasms of our orgasms.

Slowly our breathing got back to almost normal. I rose up on my elbows and gave her small gentle kisses on her lips and face. She was just gazing into my eyes with a look of wonder. 

"That was the most intense orgasm I've ever had," she said, "how did you do that?"

"It's one of the advantages of being older and more experienced, you said yourself, you like older guys."

"I know, but none of them ever made me feel that way or was able to make me cum that many times. That was amazing."

"It was pretty special. We seem to work well together." I told her.

I rolled onto my side so we where laying there facing each other. As we talked, I let my hand slowly massage her breasts and nipples. Making sure to keep her in a partially excited state. This night wasn't over by a long shot. It had just begun...

I started stroking her back very lightly, my fingers going lower each time. Soon I was massaging her ass and we where locked in a deep passionate kiss. I reached lower and started playing with her still drenched pussy. She rolled over onto her stomach and spread her legs wider giving my hand complete access. When my fingers found her clit, she raised her ass into the air and I drove two fingers into her. Massaging her G-spot quickly brought her to another orgasm. My fingers never let up while I positioned myself behind her, removed my fingers, and plunged my cock all the way into her hot pussy. She buried her face in the pillow and screamed in ecstasy. I pulled out and made short in and out strokes just letting the large head of my cock tickle her pussy lips. I would do this then shove it back in all the way to my balls. Long steady strokes where being met with her shoving her ass back at the same time. I grabbed her hips and started very rapid long strokes; slamming my cock it's entire length inside her.

Grabbing an ass cheek in each hand I squeezed one then the other. Firm slaps on the ass and my cock pounding her cunt kept the orgasm going as she was continually moaning and screaming into the pillow. I reached down and got my finger wet with her juices. My finger was teasing her ass and slowly I inserted more and more of it into her. As I was nearing my second orgasm of the night I shoved my finger in all the way while pounding my cock in and out of her pussy as fast as possible. With her screaming in orgasm, her hot pussy around my cock, and the feeling of my finger buried deep in her ass I shot my load explosively into her. Over and over my cock shot into her. Both of us finally spent, we collapsed onto the bed, trying to get control of our breathing just hugging each other with our juices and sweat mingling together. Dana stayed the night and we had one more session, this one a long slow lovemaking that lasted into the wee hours of the morning. It had been one of the best sexual experiences either of us had ever had.

Dana had to leave fairly early the next morning so I just lounged most of the day away. Around 7 that night as I was watching the hockey game that had just come on, there was a knock on the door. I got up and looked through the peephole. It was a woman who I remembered seeing around the apartments where I lived. I opened the door and said hi.

"Hi," she said, "I'm sorry to bother you but I locked my keys in my car and can't get into my apartment to call the maintenance guy to let me in. Can I use your phone?"

I told her sure and she came inside. She said she didn't know the number so as she sat down on the couch I sat at my computer desk and started looking for the number.

"Your apartment is nice. I just can't get organized and my roommate is no help at all. My name is Tina, by the way" she said.

"Thanks Tina, I'm Mike, I try to keep it nice but there is a lot more I'd like to do with it." I told her. I had found the apartment info file and as I turned back to her I noticed that she had also been looking at my crotch. I had forgotten that under my robe I didn't have anything on and apparently had given her "the full Monty", so to speak when I twisted around to get the file. I adjusted my robe a little and said "sorry about that".

"No problem" she said and just smiled as I handed her the phone and showed her the number. After dialing the number and getting the message service, she left a message and handed the phone back. 

"It will take the maintenance guy at least an hour to get here, you're welcome to stay here a while if you want since it's so cold outside" I told her.

"Thanks, I would like that. I was outside almost 30 minutes trying to get into my car to get my keys. It is cold." she replied.

"You just moved in didn't you?" I asked.

"Yes, a couple of weeks ago" she said, "that is why I'm still do disorganized. My roommate works all the time and has been no help at all getting settled in. Would you mind if I look at the rest of your place, maybe I could get some ideas?"

"Sure, it's small but you never know".

We got up and I led her through the kitchen, into the dining room, quick look at the bathroom, and then to the bedroom. She stood there in the bedroom quite a while just looking around.

"I love your waterbed. I see you like candles".

"Yes, it's better than the bright overhead light in here" I replied.

We went back to the living room and sat on the couch. I asked if she would like anything to drink, she said sure so I got up and got us both a glass of wine. I handed her the glass and as I sat down, my robe opened a little again exposing most of my leg. 

She looked down and placed her hand on my thigh and said "Mike, I want to thank you for being so nice and letting a stranger in to use your phone."

"I don't have any problem letting a beautiful woman into my apartment, for any reason," I told her.

"I know, actually, I have to admit that I can see your bedroom window from mine and with the candles set the way they are, I did see some rather interesting shadows last night" she blushed.

"Really! I hadn't even thought about that, guess I'll have to be more careful where I put the candles".

"Oh, I didn't mind at all, it was actually pretty hot!" she gushed. With that, her hand moved higher on my leg also parting my robe a little more. I was sure she could probably see my cock from the angle and since I was getting harder at this point, it was making itself known anyway.

I leaned over to give her a light kiss. Her mouth opened almost instantly and our tongues met. We locked into a tight embrace, as the kiss got hotter and hotter. She was actually moaning into my mouth as we kissed. Our lips finally parted and as I was nibbling her neck and ear her hand moved between my legs and circled my now fully erect cock. "Mmmmm," she said, "I like that". As our mouths locked together again, my hand went to her tits. They where smaller than Dana's had been the night before but felt very firm and perky through her shirt. Plus she wasn't wearing a bra, which made it very easy to fondle and pinch her nipples through the material. 

As I was reminding her that unfortunately, the maintenance man would probably be here any time to let her into her apartment, there was another knock on the door.

"You didn't tell him that you would be over here, did you?" I asked.

"No, but I have to admit something, I didn't actually dial his number...I called my place. That is my roommate. We had a little code set up."

I walked over to the door and looked out. There was a gorgeous blonde standing there. I opened the door and invited her in. She slowly stepped inside and as I closed the door they just looked and grinned at each other. "Hi Tina", she said. "Hi Mel, this is Mike. Mike, this is Melissa, I call her Mel for short. Mike I really hope you aren't mad but the two of us got so hot last night watching the action in your bedroom. The shadows on the curtains from the candles left nothing to the imagination. It was so erotic we decided to hatch this plan as a way to get the three of us together. We are bi-sexual but neither of us has been with a man in a long time since we're roommates/lovers."

As Mel walked over and sat down beside Tina on the couch, my mind was racing. The night with Dana and now I had two beautiful women sitting on my couch! Life was just getting better and better.

"So what did you two ladies have in mind?" I asked, even though a thousand things were going through my brain about what I wanted to do with them.

"We want to thank you for the show we got last night" Tina said. "I hope you aren't mad about how we did this, but I think we can make it up to you if you are."

They got up, walked over to me, and each placed a kiss on my cheek. They then sank to their knees and untied my robe. I let it slip off my shoulders as reached under to cup my balls in her hand while Melissa began a light stroking on my cock. They brought their mouths to my cock, one on each side. Their tongues where all over my prick at that point and it was all I could do to place a hand on each of their heads so I wouldn't lose my balance with the sensations they were causing in me.

Up and down my cock their tongues worked faster and faster. One would take it in her mouth while the other would lick and suck my balls, then they would change and the other would suck for a while. It was an incredible sensation. Each time they switched it seemed as if they were trying to outdo the other and get as much of my cock into their throat as possible. Soon each of them was taking my entire cock into their mouth in turn. Occasionally they would stop and both would lick my shaft, concentrating on the head where their tongues would play with each other as they licked it all over.

I knew I couldn't take much more of this without cumming all over their faces so I finally suggested that we go to the bedroom and get more comfortable. As they stood up, they both grabbed my cock and we walked into the bedroom. As I got onto the bed, they started undressing each other. Since neither was wearing a bra, as soon as their shirts where off I could see two of the most perfect sets of tits I'd ever seen. They where fantastic and fairly large. Their nipples where erect and pointing upward. They played with each other's tits for a little while and would look over at me now and then and smile while licking their lips. I was slowly stroking my now raging cock while enjoying the show. They unfastened and slipped each other's pants down to the floor, stepping out of them. Two fantastic asses and shaved pussies now had me almost drooling.

As they climbed onto the bed their mouths went back to my cock. It didn't take long with two tongues and mouths all over my dick that I exploded all over their faces. They quickly licked it all up from each other's faces and alternated sucking the rest from my cock. Their mouths and tongues kept my cock at full attention. 

While Tina kept sucking my cock, Melissa moved up and straddled my face. With her pussy inches from my mouth I separated her plump pussy lips with my fingers and dove my tongue into her. She was already soaking wet and soon my face was covered with her juices. I concentrated on her clit while my fingers soon found her g-spot making her groan in ecstasy. Tina removed her mouth from my cock and eased up and squatted on top of my cock, easing her pussy down onto it. In one move she had impaled herself on my cock and was quickly sliding her pussy up and down my shaft. The girls where facing each other, one on my face the other on my cock, they where kissing each other and playing with each other's tits, fondling and pinching the nipples. I was pumping my cock into Tina as much as I could while my mouth was all over Melissa's cunt and ass. It wasn't long until the three of us where cumming at the same time. Melissa's juices all over my face, my cum shooting into Tina and Tina soaking my cock. The girls collapsed into each other and I just laid back, completely out of breath, all of us where. They both rolled off the top of me, one on each side. I reached down and just softly stroked their pussies with my fingers. Tiny shudders kept going through them both. It was a while before anyone even said anything.
