 INTRODUCTION

Sheila decided to approach her step-son about seeing him and his friends with the two girls. Sheila hoped that Rudy would be receptive to her request to include his friends with their encounters. It had been a few years since Sheila was involved with group sex and seeing Rudy and his friends stirred her emotions. Rudy had already let his girlfriend join in to make it a threesome but Sheila wondered how he would respond to his stepmother taking on three cocks. Sheila recalled that first time in college at a frat party when she was tripled fucked for hours. It had been that night that she lost her anal virginity and she remembered that it hurt like hell at first. However before the night was over she was handling cocks in her ass with ease. Now as she recalled that infamous night in college her juices flowed with the thought of reliving that experience with three young virile 18 year olds.

RUDY ACCEPTS SHEILA'S REQUEST

Rudy at first could not believe what his stepmother had proposed but the more he thought about it the more excited he became. To share his hot stepmother with two of the most popular guys in high school would make amends with Pete and Buddy as they were a little miffed about Rudy fucking their girlfriends. They weren't pissed at Rudy but both girls kept talking about Rudy's 10" cock and that annoyed Pete and Buddy. Rudy told Shelia that he would ask his two friends to come over when she was ready. Sheila's husband was traveling the next week so she told Rudy to have the boys come over after school on Tuesday. Pete and Buddy could not believe what they were hearing when Rudy told them about his stepmother. 

Both boys thought that Rudy's step-mom was hot but they never thought they would ever be asked to have sex with her. Pete and Buddy were looking forward to seeing Sheila without her clothes and even more to having sex with her. Based on what Rudy shared with them about her sexuality the boys were very anxious to meet with her. Tuesday afternoon arrived and everyone was anxious to get started but Sheila knew she would have to control the action. The four of them were gathered in the family room and Sheila was dressed to the hilt. She wore more clothes than normal because she wanted to prolong the foreplay. She began by explaining how things would proceed.

"Now first of all you will call me Sheila in my home, second I want you three to undress me slowly but before you begin, take off all of your clothes," Sheila directed.

The boys hesitated only briefly before they began removing their clothes. It wasn't as if Sheila hadn't seen them naked yet, after all she did catch them in her home with the other girls. The boys removed every stitch of clothing as they had been told. They stood there naked all of them sporting boners as they waited for Sheila's next instruction.

"Very good," Sheila said as she smiled at them taking in their athletic bodies and man-sized cocks. "Now come over here and stand close to me and start undressing me slowly."

"Before we begin you must agree that what happens here stays here. We all have reputations at stake. I must keep mine and you boys do not want to do anything to jeopardize your futures. Are we in agreement?"

The boys again nodded in the affirmative and it was clear that they anxious to get started. However Sheila had plans for them and she would control the action.

"Now before we begin I want to be clear about the rules. I will tell you what to do and when to do it. If you don't do as I say I will call a stop to everything and you will be sent home. Do I make myself clear?"

More anxious head nodding from the boys and then Sheila went on. "You must not get ahead of me no matter how excited you may become or I will stop where ever we are. Now I think that we are ready to get started so please follow me," Sheila concluded the instructions.

The three teenage boys, including her step-son, followed Sheila into Rudy's bedroom and as they did they watched her ass sway under the tight tweed skirt. Her calves looked great encased in the nylon hose and the boys were anxious to see the rest of her legs. Sheila had Rudy and the two boys stand facing her in her bedroom and then the games began.

"Rudy you may remove my necklace and place in on my dresser and then you may unbutton my sweater."

Rudy carefully unclasped the pearl necklace and placed it on her dresser as he was told. Then he moved back to Sheila and with confident hands he reached for her sweater and began to unbutton it starting with the top button. One by one Rudy unbuttoned Sheila's sweater and it hung loosely on her. The other boys stared at the first sign of her bare flesh peeking through the open sweater. 

"Buddy and Pete you may remove my sweater and place it on the chair," Sheila said softly.

Buddy stood on one side of Rudy's step-mom and Pete stood on the other side. They peeled the sweater down and off Sheila's arms and placed it on the chair as they were told. The two boys stood there with their tongues hanging out as they gaped at Sheila's upper body clad only in her bra. For Rudy it was déjà vous. It was the first time Pete and Buddy had ever seen cleavage on Sheila and they knew that there were great tits under her bra. Her stomach was ironing board flat and her waist was narrow emphasizing her breasts even more. All three boys were sporting rock hard erections.

"Rudy you may take off my skirt now."

As Rudy dropped to his knees his cock brushed against the material of his stepmother's skirt. Sheila smiled as she watched Rudy move his erection around so that it didn't rub against the coarse material. Rudy then located the zipper and buttons to Sheila's skirt which were on her hip. Rudy unzipped the zipper and then unbuttoned the two buttons holding the skirt waist together. The skirt was so tight that it stayed on Sheila's hips even in the unfastened state. Rudy tugged the skirt down Sheila's hips as he had done so many times. Rudy stared at Sheila's beautiful legs as he lowered her skirt. It was as if a masterpiece sculpture was being unveiled. Buddy and Pete also stared as Sheila's legs came into view and they both rubbed their cocks. Sheila lifted one leg at a time so that Rudy could remove the skirt. Then he stood up and placed the skirt on the chair. The three boys stared at the woman turned goddess before their eyes as she stood clad only in her bra, panties, stockings and garter belt. 

"Now Buddy and Pete you may unhook my stockings and roll them down my legs. I want you to roll them down slowly and I want the three of you to stop rubbing your cocks. I don't want you to cum yet," Sheila directed.

Buddy knelt in front of one of Sheila's legs and Pete knelt in front of the other. On Sheila's order they unfastened the stockings from the garter belt and then they slowly rolled the nylons down her shapely legs. In doing so the boys touched her naked skin and they were so excited that they thought that they may actually cum on the carpet. Once the stockings were rolled all the way down, Sheila again lifted one leg at a time so that the boys could remove her stockings completely. They placed the stockings on the chair and then faced Sheila awaiting her next order. Sheila noticed that all three boys' cock heads were wet and she was sure it was their pre-cum as they were excited beyond expectations. She knew how they felt as her own juices were running. Sheila then had Rudy remove her garter belt and place it on the chair along with her other clothes.

"Pete and Buddy you may now remove my bra but I want you to slide it slowly down my arms and let the cups fall away from my breasts," Sheila said softly barely concealing her own excitement at this point.

With nervous hands and trembling fingers the two students unhooked the bra and slowly moved the bra straps down their teacher's arms. As the straps neared her wrists the bra cups pulled away from her breasts and Sheila's marvelous tits were bared for the boys to admire. Sheila's tits were firm and they stood out proudly from her chest. Her areoles were puffy and highlighted her nipples which at that moment were fully erect. 

"Oh my God look at those tits!" exclaimed Buddy.

Pete and Buddy just stared at the incredible tits before them as they subconsciously continued to hold on to the bra. It was all the boys could do to keep from grabbing their teacher's incredible tits and begin sucking on them. However they remembered the rules that they had to wait until Sheila told them what to do. 

"Put my bra on the chair boys. Now Pete you may take my panties off but I want you to remove them very slowly," Sheila once again directed.

It was all Pete could do to keep from ripping her panties off. His teenage hormones were running rampant and he was dying to fuck this woman. However he did not want to run the risk of having Sheila call an end to their session so he did as he was told. Pete hooked his fingers into the waistband of Sheila's panties and slowly pulled them down. As the panties cleared her buttocks, Buddy and Rudy starred at her magnificent ass. It was perfectly shaped, curvy and round. Buddy fastened his eyes on Sheila's pussy as he lowered her panties. When it was uncovered Buddy felt his cock throb in his pants. Her pussy was beautiful with a neatly trimmed tuft accenting her tantalizing prize.

"Oh man this pussy is beautiful!" Buddy exclaimed in a shaky voice. 

"Buddy, you have to check out her ass. It's amazing!" Pete said.

Sheila was pleased with the boy's reaction to her stunning body. Although she had heard words like these before in previous years, she never tired of hearing them again and again. Rudy was pleased that his friends found his stepmother to be so hot. Buddy pulled her panties all the way down her legs and again Sheila lifted one leg at a time so that they could be removed. The boys now anxiously awaited her next instructions.

"Rudy, I want you to kiss and lick my ass and anus like I taught you to do. Pete, I want you to fondle my breasts and Buddy I want you to eat my pussy," Sheila told them using the proper words.

Buddy knelt down and buried his face in Sheila's pussy and began to lick and probe her with his tongue. It was obvious that he had eaten pussy before and Sheila was glad that she had selected him to eat her. Pete stood in front of Sheila and fondled her tits and tweaked her nipples. Rudy had his tongue in the crack of her ass and he was driving Sheila wild. Then Pete took one of her tits in his mouth and sucked on it and gently nibbled on an erect nipple. All the while Buddy was exploring Sheila's pussy with his tongue and fingers. He nibbled on her clit and he probed her pussy with two fingers. Sheila directed Buddy on how to locate her g-spot and when he did she knew that it wouldn't be long before she would cum.

Sheila felt that familiar sensation in her loins and she placed her arms around Pete for support as she announced, "I'm going to cum." 

Buddy grabbed Sheila by the cheeks of her ass and pulled her close to him. Rudy followed her keeping his tongue on her anus and Buddy's tongue worked its magic on her clit. Sheila groaned loudly as her body shook with her climax. Pussy juice flooded Buddy's mouth but he stayed glued to Sheila's cunt and drank every drop of her sweet nectar. Pete had one arm around Sheila's waist and the other hand each held her breast. Rudy was planting loving kisses on the cheeks of her ass. Pete twirled her eraser hard nipples in between his fingers driving Sheila wild as she orgasmed. Sheila thought that she might faint from the intensity of her crescendo but she recovered quickly and stood on her own. The three boys still had their hands all over her body as it seemed they could not get enough of her shapely form.

The three boys stood up awaiting Sheila's next command. She looked at the three well endowed teenagers and smiled at their erect cocks. Sheila then lightly ran her hand over Buddy's lower abdomen just above his stiff cock. Buddy's cock twitched and pulsed as tingling sensations ran through his body. Sheila knew exactly what she was doing as she teased the teenager. Then she ran her fingertips along the length of the rock hard shaft and tickled the sensitive soft mushroom head of Buddy's cock. Buddy groaned as Sheila toyed with him and he felt like he would cum just from her touches. Then Sheila lowered her face toward the youthful cock and ran up tongue up and down the shaft and around the overly sensitive cock head.

"I'm going to bust a nut," Buddy cried out.

That was Sheila's cue and she covered Buddy's cock with her mouth. Sheila was an excellent cock sucker but it didn't take much to set Buddy off at that point. He grunted and groaned as his seed spewed into Sheila's mouth. Sheila didn't let a drop of his youthful cum escape her mouth as she swallowed every drop. Sheila milked Buddy's cock dry as she stroked his perineum and fondled his taut ball sac. When she began to nibble on his cock head again, Buddy couldn't take the sensations that ran through his body and he backed away from Sheila. Buddy's cock was still hard and stiff even though he had just cum but Sheila now turned her attention to Pete purposely leaving her step-son Rudy until last. 

Sheila duplicated her routine with Pete but he was so excited that he came in her mouth as soon as she had placed it on her cock. Both Buddy and Pete had cum in buckets and Sheila was pleased the volume of their youthful discharges. Now she turned her attention to her step-son Rudy and she was anxious to have his big cock. Rudy already had a raging hard-on and it dangled in front of Sheila's face and she thought again about how much she loved her step-son's cock.

Rudy stood by the Sheila with his erect cock standing straight out from his body. Rudy was proud of his body and he stood still letting Sheila admire his cock before she made his next move. Sheila stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and compared it to the other boy's dicks. Rudy sighed as she slowly masturbated him and toyed with him.

Sheila leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at Rudy's ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. They hadn't spoken a word to each other since the foreplay began. Sheila began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about six of his eight inches in her mouth. Sheila slurped loudly on Rudy's dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long cock.

Rudy stood rigid before the shapely Sheila as she sucked ravenously on his oversized cock. Her hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Rudy placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and he couldn't believe his good fortune as he watched her pretty face and sensuous mouth. Sheila kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was still incredibly turned on and her pussy was soaked. Sheila was so enamored with his impressive cock and she loved to suck on it. Sheila was desperate to please Rudy as she had Buddy and Pete. Sheila wanted this to be Rudy's best blow job ever in front of his friends and she put all her efforts into it and it did not take long to bring Rudy to the edge.

Rudy announced that he was cumming and Sheila clamped down on his cock determined to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. Sheila swallowed as quickly as she could and did not allow a drop to escape her mouth. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Then Sheila took the cock from her mouth and Rudy watched as she squeezed more cum out the end of his dick. Sheila then wrapped her lips around it and sucked his man juice dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and he pushed her away. Rudy's cock stayed hard and Sheila marveled at the impressive organ before her. Then she looked at Buddy and Pete who were also still hard.

Sheila then told the boys to caress her body and they did as they were told, feeling her tits, cupping her ass and touching her pussy. The boys then had hands on her ass and fingers in her pussy as they fondled her tits. Sheila let her hands dance around their cocks and abdomens. Every time she touch them lightly or gently scraped them with her finger nails, the boys bodies jerked with uncontrollable reflex actions. Sheila eventually led them to her bed and the games began. Buddy was the first one between Sheila's legs. He was rock hard and he eased his impressive cock into Sheila's pussy. Sheila gasped when she felt the big cock enter her and she wrapped her legs around Buddy's torso.

"Oh my you are a big boy too, aren't you?" Sheila sighed.

Buddy started pounding away at her pussy with his big cock as he was really turned on and close to cumming. Then his body stiffened and he ejaculated deep into Sheila's cunt. Sheila held the student tightly with her arms and legs as he shot streams of cum into her womb. Even though Buddy came quickly, Sheila knew that she was in for a long day with the three boys. It was not uncommon for young virile boys to cum four or five times in one day. Buddy pulled out of Sheila's pussy and Pete was there immediately to take his place. Sheila felt another big cock fill her cunt and she wrapped her legs and arms around Pete.

"Oh you are big too," she gasped.

Pete fucked Sheila with rapid strokes as he too would not last long. His body soon stiffened and then he filled Sheila's cunt with his load. Her pussy was overflowing with youthful cum and it began to trickle out of her. As soon as Pete pulled out of her Rudy was in her and he too fucked her hard and fast before shooting his load into her. Sheila also orgasmed and she wrapped her arms and legs around Rudy and squeezed his body as she climaxed. Rudy felt her cunt muscles working his cock as she came. Rudy let Sheila relax before he pulled his cock from her pussy. The three boys watched as cum trickled out of Sheila's cunt and coated her inner thighs.

All three boys were erect and their big cocks dangled in front of them. Sheila stared at the impressive cocks that were above average size. She guessed Buddy and Pete to be in the range of 7-8 inches long and at least 5 inches around. Rudy was longer and thicker than the other two boys. Sheila liked cocks this size but she did not like real small cocks nor did she like cocks that were too big. Sheila beckoned Buddy back between her legs and he slipped his cock into her cum filled cunt. 

Sheila knew that Buddy would last longer this time and that she would probably orgasm again before he came. Sheila told Pete and Rudy to get on either side of her at the head of the bed. Pete knelt along side Sheila's head on one side and offered his cock to her mouth. Sheila turned her head to one side and took the big dick in her mouth. Rudy moved to the other side of her head and Sheila took turns sucking on Rudy's and Pete's cocks as Buddy fucked her. Sheila had multiple orgasms before Buddy came again and her pussy was cum drenched with a combination of juices. Then Sheila said it was Pete's turn to fuck her again while she sucked Buddy's cock clean of their combined juices. 

Sheila sucked on Rudy's cock and Buddy's cock as Pete fucked her silly. Sheila had more orgasms and she felt weak and lifeless by the time Pete fired a barrage of cum into her pussy again. Then it was Rudy's turn even though Sheila had almost nothing left. She lay almost lifeless as Rudy fucked her until he came again. 
