 AN EROTIC DAY FOR DR. HANSON

Sheila arrived at the high school to check out Rudy's guidance counselor. Based on what Rudy had told her about his guidance counselor, Sheila decided to take off her thong panty and put it in her purse before she left the car. Sheila then located Brenda Hanson's office. The receptionist was not at her desk so Sheila looked in the counselor's office to see if she was there

"Excuse me I am sorry to bother you," Sheila said apologetically to the attractive woman seated behind the desk.

"Yes may I help you?" Brenda replied before looking up from her desk.

Brenda then looked up and was stunned to see such a beautiful young woman standing in the door way to her office. Neither of them spoke again as Brenda just took in the leggy fit blonde beauty.

"My name is Sheila and I am Rudy's stepmother. I wanted to stop in and meet you. I hope that this is a good time," Sheila said.

"Oh yes, how do you do, won't you please come in and sit down," Brenda offered and then introduced herself, "I am Brenda Hanson I am the school's guidance counselor."

"Thank you! It's a pleasure to meet you. I know that you're not expecting me but I just wanted to meet you. Rudy told me so much about you," Sheila replied.

Sheila went in and sat in one of the chairs opposite Brenda's desk. As she sat down she swung her leg so that her dress would expose her crotch and her bare pussy. Her move did not go unnoticed by Brenda.

"My God she is not wearing any panties!" Brenda thought to herself.

Sheila noticed the surprised look on the counselor's face and wickedly crossed her legs again repeating the same gesture of exposing her bare pussy. Brenda stared at the naked muff as Sheila lifted one leg to cross over the other as if she was trying to get comfortable in the chair.

"Sorry, just trying to get comfortable. Is something wrong?" Sheila asked.

"Well it's just that I couldn't help notice that you are not wearing any panties," Brenda stammered.

"Oh that, yes you're right I don't wear bras either. I like to the feeling of being free," Sheila replied.

Brenda's face was beet red but she could also feel her own loins heating up from the exhibitionist display of this woman. Sheila looked at her and asked if everything was okay. Brenda saw her lips move but didn't hear any words. Brenda finally regrouped and heard Sheila speak.

"Are you alright?" Sheila said louder this time.

"Yes, yes I'm fine. You just caught me off guard when you crossed your legs," Brenda said with a crack in her voice.

Brenda then noticed that Sheila's skirt was just below her pussy and showing off her sexy thighs and shapely legs. Brenda found herself staring at the beautiful blond as if she was hoping to get a glimpse of her pussy again.

"Brenda, may I call you Brenda? Why don't you come over here on this side of your desk and sit next to me? That way you won't have to strain to see my legs or my bare pussy," Sheila offered.

Brenda couldn't believe her ears but she like a zombie she stood up and walked around her desk toward Sheila. Brenda was captivated by this blonde goddess and seemed to be under a spell.

"You probably should shut and lock the door," Sheila reminded her.

Brenda quickly shut the door and locked it. Then she sat in the chair next to Sheila. Sheila smiled at her and then lifted her skirt up to her waist once again putting her luscious pussy on display. Brenda just sat there in a stupor staring at the golden muff.

"Would you like to touch my pussy? It is okay if you want to touch it," Sheila teased her.

Brenda ran her hands up over the blonde's beautiful legs and stroked her inner thighs. Sheila spread her legs a little wider so that Brenda could see her labia. Brenda was crazy with desire as she slipped a finger into Sheila's twat. Sheila was very wet so Brenda added a second finger. She fingered Sheila for awhile and then took her fingers out of the girl's quim and licked them.

"You can eat my pussy if you would like to," Sheila continued the seduction.

Brenda sank to her knees and lifted Sheila's legs up onto her shoulders. Then Brenda put her mouth on Sheila's cunt and began to lick her thoroughly. Brenda knew what she was doing and Sheila recognized her as an accomplished cunt lapper. Sheila moaned with her first orgasm and coated Brenda's face with her juices. Brenda kept right on eating Sheila's pussy reveling in her stroke of good luck. Both of them were startled by someone knocking on the door to Brenda's office. Then Brenda heard Courtney's voice. 

"Dr. Hanson, your appointment is here," Brenda said through the door.

Brenda scrambled to her feet and straightened out her dress. Sheila reached in her purse and took out the thong panty. Sheila put it back on and then stood up. "That was very nice. My husband is out of town this Wednesday evening; would you like to come to my house for dinner?" Sheila asked calmly.

"That would be lovely," Brenda stammered knowing that she would be eating more than dinner that evening.

"Oh by the way, if you have any toys, feel free to bring them along," Sheila added in a sexy manner.

Sheila then left and smiled at the receptionist as she walked by. Courtney took in the blonde beauty and then she scampered into Brenda's office when she heard her boss call to her.

"Courtney could you come in please I need you assistance," Brenda asked her assistant.

"Right away Dr. Hanson," Courtney replied and entered her boss's office.

Courtney noticed how flush her boss was and she said, "I could hear you two outside that's why I interrupted you."

"I'm glad you did. That woman got me so hot. I need you this minute," Brenda rasped excitedly. 

Brenda took Courtney in her arms. As they embraced Courtney ran her hands down Brenda's back to her ass and cupped her firm buttocks. Brenda followed Courtney's lead and her hands sought out the young's woman's ass. The two molded each other's ass as they kissed each other passionately. Courtney inched Brenda's skirt up above her hips baring her thighs above the elastic tops of her hose. Then Courtney stroked the bare skin between Brenda's hose and panties bringing chills and goose bumps to Brenda's body. Brenda again copied Courtney and pulled her skirt above her hips baring Courtney's thighs between her hose and panties. 

As Brenda stroked Courtney's bare thighs, Courtney slipped her hands inside of Brenda's panties and cupped the naked flesh of her ass. Courtney molded the shapely ass cheeks in her hands as Brenda crooned with desire. Brenda then slipped her hands inside Courtney's panties and fondled the young woman's firm buttocks. They continued like this for awhile enjoying each other's ass and kissing passionately. Courtney again made the first move.

Courtney took her hands out of Brenda's panties and took hold of the waistband and slowly peeled them down to just above her knees. Courtney then stroked Brenda's vulva causing Brenda to gasp aloud. Courtney inserted one finger into Brenda's sopping wet pussy and began to slowly finger fuck her. Brenda as if she were in heat quickly stripped Courtney's panties down to her knees and frantically searched for her labia. Courtney gasped aloud as Brenda located her clit and began to frig it rapidly.

The two women made quite a sight if anyone should have happened to walk into Brenda's office. Both of these professionally dressed women had their skirts pulled up to their waists, their panties were down around their knees and they both urgently finger fucked each other as they kissed and moaned into each other's mouths. Courtney was not concerned with anyone walking in as she had remembered to lock the office door.

Courtney steered Brenda over to the sofa in her office and pushed her back onto it. Brenda lay back and let Courtney have her way. Courtney pulled Brenda's panties down and off of her shapely legs and then she buried her face in Brenda's pussy. Brenda was incredibly turned on and she knew she would orgasm quickly. Courtney found Brenda's clit and she nibbled on it as she fingered Brenda's cunt. Brenda was soon writhing in orgasm as she came multiple times on Courtney's face. Courtney continued to lick Brenda until she recovered and her body spasms stopped.

"Your turn Dr. Hanson, you really got me hot," Courtney said.

Courtney sat in the sofa as Brenda dropped to her knees and peeled Courtney's panties down and off of her legs. Brenda dove right in on Courtney's pussy and quickly ate her assistant to an intense orgasm. Courtney bucked and whimpered as the intensity of her orgasm took over her body. Courtney pulled Brenda up next to her and kissed her tasting her own juices on Brenda's lips.

"Oh that was so good it has been too long since we have done that," cried Brenda.

"Much too long Dr. Hanson," Courtney said as she licked her lips seductively.

The two women put their panties back on and straightened out their clothing and then they returned to their office duties as if nothing had ever transpired between them that afternoon.

BRENDA COMES FOR DINNER

The next Wednesday Brenda arrived at Sheila's home for dinner and she assumed games to follow. Rudy and Sheila both answered the doorbell and they welcomed Brenda into their home and invited her to sit in the family room with them. Both women looked good and it was hard not to stare at each other. Brenda looked at Sheila's shapely legs below the min-skirt and recalled the time she had been between them licking Sheila's pussy. Sheila, who was disappointed that she did not get to Brenda's pussy the last time, had the same desire as she looked at Brenda's legs. Rudy excused himself to get the refreshments for everyone. Rudy returned with the drinks, served them and then held up in glass in a mock toast.

"Here's to a very enjoyable evening," he offered.

The women sipped the drinks and Brenda found them to be a little strong but very good. The first drink went down very easy and Rudy refilled everyone's glass.

"So where do we begin," Brenda said trying to break the ice.

"Let's talk about the sex. That's why we are all here right?" Sheila started.

"Well that's one way to put it. I am curious about the incestuous affair that the two of you are having," Brenda injected.

"Well it's not really incest since I am his stepmother," Sheila responded.

Brenda looked at Sheila and replied, "I guess that is true but it is taboo then. Is it true Sheila that you home schooled Rudy in sex?"

"Yes and then I just got so carried away," Sheila admitted.

"Its okay Sheila, Brenda has the same problem. She said no but once my cock was in her she couldn't get enough of it," Rudy added.

"Enough of this talk for now, dinner is ready so let's eat," Sheila announced.

The three of them had a nice dinner and Brenda helped with the dishes when they were done. Rudy served after dinner drinks in the family room and then the conversation turned back to sex. After a few exchanges between them, Rudy was ready to get things started.

"Now let's get started," Rudy said and then directed, "Brenda stand up please."

Rudy then went over to Brenda and began to undress her starting with her blouse and bra. When she was naked from the waist up Rudy wrapped his arms around her and cupped her firm pert tits. He twirled her nipples in his fingers as he leaned over and nuzzled her neck. Brenda cooed as he kissed her neck and fondled her tits. Rudy then removed her skirt and Brenda stood there in her shoes, hose and silk panties. 

"Come and join us Sheila, you know you want to," Rudy said.

Sheila took another sip of her drink and then moved off of her chair and knelt in front of Brenda. Sheila removed Brenda's shoes and then slowly pulled her panties down and removed them. Sheila then with painstakingly slowness peeled Brenda's hose off one leg at a time. By the time the second leg was bared Brenda's pussy was dripping wet with desire. Sheila parted Brenda's legs and placed her mouth on Brenda's womanhood emitting an audible gasp from the pretty counselor.

Rudy moved away from Brenda and removed his own clothes and then returned to her. Brenda felt his nakedness press into her body from behind and his hard cock settle into the crack of her ass. Brenda groaned as Sheila demonstrated her pussy eating skills as she tongued her pussy and located her clit. Sheila used both her hands to peel back the hood guarding Brenda's clit and then she took the engorged clit into her mouth. Sheila gently nibbled on the hard pearl and she had Brenda crying out in pleasure and racing toward her orgasm. Rudy held Brenda firmly and continued to caress her tits and play with her nipples as his hard cock remained between the cheeks of her ass. Brenda felt her orgasm building and her body went taut as her climax rocked her entire being. Brenda screamed out loud in ecstasy as she sprayed Sheila's face with her female love juices. Rudy held on firmly to prevent Brenda from collapsing and sinking to the floor. Sheila continued to lick the women's pussy and swallow her nectar until Brenda begged Sheila to stop and let her rest. Sheila moved away from Brenda and her face glistened with the counselor's pussy cum. 

"Oh Sheila, it was so good," Brenda sighed.

Brenda then had Sheila stand in front of her as she knelt before Rudy's stepmother. Brenda then reached under the short skirt and removed her silk panties. Brenda then fingered Sheila's pussy for awhile and kissed her thighs before moving her mouth to the woman's vulva. Brenda teased her pussy with her tongue and worked Sheila into a state of desire. Surprisingly then Brenda had Sheila get into her sofa on all fours with her head down on the cushions. Brenda flipped the short skirt up and bared Sheila's ass and pussy to both her and Rudy. Sheila looked very erotic still clothed with her thigh high hose kneeling on the bed without her panties. The only skin showing was her thighs above the hose and her nakedness below the skirt.

Brenda knelt behind Sheila and tongued the woman from her pussy up through the crack of her ass. Brenda's tongue danced across Sheila's nether hole and drew a sigh from the Rudy's stepmother. Sheila remembered the first time someone had done that to her and she thought she would cum on the spot. Brenda continued to lick her pussy and her ass from behind until Sheila was dripping wet and squirming with desire. Just before Brenda made the final assault on Sheila's pussy she spoke.

"Rudy please get behind me and fuck me as I eat your stepmother's tasty pussy," Brenda said in a sultry tone.

Rudy didn't have to be asked twice and he was on the sofa in a flash. He pushed his cock into Brenda's slick pussy and began to fuck her from behind. Rudy loved her pert firm ass and he massaged it as he stroked his cock in and out of her pussy. Rudy tickled her nether hole and Brenda shivered as he did. Brenda loved to be ass fucked and she loved having her ass played with. Rudy probed her bung hole as he fucked her tight pussy and played with her cute ass.

Brenda had Sheila moaning, gasping and groaning and her hips flailed about as Brenda licked her from her clit to her asshole and back. Sheila felt her climax mounting as her talented lover tongued her pussy and nibbled on her clit. One more nibble and Sheila went over the edge. She thrashed about as Brenda tried to steady her hips and keep her mouth glued to Sheila's pussy. Sheila felt her body release her juices and she flooded Brenda's mouth with a generous amount of female cum. Brenda continued to lick and suck on Sheila's pussy as if to make her keep cumming and cumming. Sheila finally collapsed and fell to a prone position on the sofa. Brenda stroked the lovely Brenda's ass as she too felt close to another orgasm. Rudy had picked up the pace and was pounding Brenda's pussy. Brenda reached between her legs and rubbed her clit as Rudy fucked her slick pussy. Rudy stiffened and blasted his cum load into Brenda's pussy and that coupled with her own clitoral ministrations sent her over the edge. Brenda's pussy contracted and relaxed several times as she orgasmed and as it did it milked Rudy's cock dry of his semen. The two of them collapsed on the sofa along with Sheila. The three of them remained motionless for a few minutes and then they slowly stirred and caressed one another.

"Now that was great," Rudy quipped.

"God I can't believe that I still have my clothes on," Sheila remarked.

"Well at least you are without the most important piece," Brenda quipped.

Sheila got off the sofa and undressed so that she was as naked as her son and Brenda. "I need to get some lube? You got my ass so tingly that I need to have something in it," Sheila stated.

"I have lotion will that do?" Brenda answered her.

"That will be fine, I want Rudy to fuck my ass while I eat your pussy again," Sheila told Brenda.

Brenda got the lotion for Sheila and handed it to her stepson Rudy. Rudy knelt behind his stepmother who had already taken up her position of all fours on the sofa. Rudy's cock hardened in anticipation of fucking his stepmother's hot ass again. Sheila told Brenda to get in front of her so that she could eat her pussy.

"I will eat you too as your son fucks your ass. I want to watch his cock slide in and out of your asshole," Brenda announced.

Brenda got into a 69 position with Sheila and slid her head under the woman's pussy. Brenda opened up Sheila's labia and fingered her pussy as Rudy put an ample amount of lotion into his stepmother's asshole and on his rock hard cock. Rudy fingered Sheila's ass as Brenda fingered Sheila's pussy. Then Rudy spit on his hand and mixed his saliva with his lotion covered cock. The effect made his cock very slippery and he lined it up with his stepmother's nether hole. Brenda watched as Rudy pressed forward and his cock opened up Sheila's rosebud and the cock head disappeared into her ass clearing the sphincter. Sheila gasped as she felt the cock enter her ass and sighed as Rudy pushed it in to the hilt. As soon as he was nestled in her ass, Sheila turned her attention back to Brenda's pussy. She leaned and sucked on the labia and folded back the outer lips. Sheila pushed two fingers into Brenda's pussy as she searched for Brenda's clit. Sheila then locked her mouth on Brenda's clit and tickled her asshole with one finger moistened with Brenda's pussy juice.

Brenda gasped into Sheila's pussy when she felt the girl's finger around her nether hole. Sheila moistened her finger with more of Brenda's nectar and then returned the finger to her lover's asshole. Sheila probed Brenda's rosebud and inserted her finger all the while she continued to suck and nibble on her clit. Brenda liked the feeling of the small finger in her ass and she located Sheila's clit in the interest of returning the pleasure. Brenda watched as Rudy's cock slid in and out of his stepmother's ass just above her face. As she watched Rudy fuck his stepmother's ass Brenda reached up with one hand and cupped his balls. She could feel them tighten in her hand from the new sensation. Brenda continued to eat Sheila's pussy and suck on her clit as Sheila reciprocated with Brenda's pussy and clit as Rudy slide his slick cock in and out of his stepmother's warm poop chute.

Brenda was the first to cum and Sheila held her by her thighs with one hand as she pumped her lover's asshole with one finger of the other hand. Brenda groaned into Sheila's pussy as her climax took over her body and she released her juices into Sheila's mouth. Brenda went right on eating Sheila's pussy all the while. Brenda recovered from her orgasm and focused on Sheila's cunt and her son's balls. Brenda was nibbling on Sheila's clit driving her wild as she cupped and massaged Rudy's balls. She felt Rudy tense in her hand and Brenda removed her hand and took his balls in her mouth. When Rudy felt his balls covered by the warm mouth and Brenda ran her tongue around them he went wild. Rudy fired barrage after barrage of cum into his stepmother's ass as Brenda sucked on his testicles. It was one of his best cums ever.
