 It had been a bad day all around. I was late to work, didn't make it to lunch and hit all sorts of traffic on the way home. The only thing that kept me from driving off a bridge, was knowing that it was Friday night and I could just go home, draw a warm bath, drink a glass of wine, and crawl into bed uninterrupted. My husband, Jason was on a business trip and wasn't due home until Sunday evening. I hated being away from him, but after the day I had, I was somewhat glad to be alone.

I pulled into our driveway, pressed the button on the automatic garage door opener and eased the car into its spot. I put the car in park and turned off the ignition. I sat there for a moment, trying to gather my thoughts before heading into the house. I rested my head against the headrest and ran my fingers through my thick brunette hair. Sighing, I pulled the keys out of the ignition, opened the driver's side door and stepped onto the concrete. I shut the car door behind me, closed the garage door and headed into the house through the garage.

Once in the house, I dropped all my belongings... purse, keys, bottled water onto the table just inside the door. I quickly took off my jacket, tossing it on the couch as I headed into the kitchen. On my way there I found myself stripping down to just my undergarments...my silky black bra and matching g-string panties. I paused for a moment at the refrigerator door taking the time to read the love note Jason had left me before heading out of town. I reached into the fridge, grabbed the open bottle of white zinfandel wine, took it out and placed it on the counter. I picked up a wine glass and poured a very large glass of wine and then headed upstairs to our bathroom.

I kicked open the bathroom door and placed my glass of wine on the bathroom sink. Closing the toilet seat, I sat at the edge and warmed the bath water. I sipped a few more sips of wine as the water warmed, added some aromatherapy bath salts, and slid off my panties and bra. I carefully climbed into the bathtub, easing my tired body down into the steaming hot water. I switched on the jets and laid my head on the bath pillow. My eyes felt heavy and between the wine and my flat out exhaustion, I slowly started to drift off. I had to do something to stay awake. I took another sip of wine, placed the glass on the edge of the tub, and slid my ass towards the faucet. I let a little water out so as to not overflow the tub and then replaced the stopper. I turned on the warm water almost full force and spread my pussy lips so the pulsating water gushed against my hardening clit. My eyes shot right back open and I was quite awake.

Keeping my legs and my lips open, I reached over the side of the tub into our stackable drawers and found my water-resistant vibrator. I turned it on high and began to rub it up and down against my clit. My back arched in anticipation as I slid my pink wonder towards my tight hole. Just as it entered my cunt, the phone rang. I quickly pulled it out, turned it off and reached for the cordless phone.

"Hello?" I abruptly answered the phone.

"I know he's cheating on me!" the voice on the other end of the line screamed. "I know he's fucking cheating on me that goddamned bastard!"

It was Kit, my best friend from college. In recent times she and her husband had been having some issues. Kit was convinced that Brian, her husband, was cheating on her. Call it a feeling or a woman's intuition, but she was more than likely right. Women know these things.

"Kit," I said calmly, "calm down. You are going to cause yourself to stroke out! Calm the fuck down."

"Kayla, he said he has to work late again! This is the 5th night in a row. I know he's cheating on me so don't tell me to calm down!" Kit screamed out.

"So, come over here. Sitting at home is only going to piss you off which is only going to piss me off listening to you freak out," I suggested.

"I guess," she sighed. "I'll be over in a little bit."

I hung up the phone and lay back in the tub. My climax had been interrupted and knowing that she was coming over didn't make me feel like going back at it. I let the jets hit my back for a little longer, drained the tub of bath salts and rinsed off. I stepped out of the tub and dried off with my towel and then walked to our bedroom to put on my robe. After covering up, I retreated to the bathroom to grab my glass of wine and headed down stairs. I gulped down the last of my beverage and went to the kitchen to pour another glass. I was going to need all the alcohol I could get my hands on to deal with her stress. I poured another glass, read Jason's note one more time, and then headed towards our den.

I sat on the couch and flipped on our TV. I couldn't sit still. Something was bothering me and I wasn't quite sure what it was. I went to my purse and took out my cell phone. I decided to call Jason and talk to him for just a moment before Kit got here. I dialed his number and waited for him to answer, but he didn't. It rang a few times and then went to voicemail.

"Hi sweetie," I started. "I just wanted to call and hear your voice...thought maybe I could catch you at the hotel room. Guess you are in a meeting or with a client. I guess I'll call you in the morning and see if I can catch you then. Kit's coming over. More bullshit with Brian as usual. Okay. I love you."

I turned off my cell phone and put it back in my purse. I stretched out on the couch and began to watch some stupid movie on Cinemax. Before I knew it an hour had passed and there was still no Kit. I closed my eyes and untied my robe. I ran my hand over the top of my left DD breast, circling my nipple, and then ran it over my right breast. My nipples were perky and hard. I opened my eyes for a moment, looked around almost as if to check to make sure I was alone, and then split my pussy lips so I could rub on my clit. To my surprise, it was already hard. I pinched it between two fingers, squeezing it firmly before making my way down to my soaking wet hole. I took in a deep breath and slid two fingers deep inside myself. I pushed them in deeper and deeper and then pulled them out, placing them to my lips and tasting my own juices. They were wet, hot and sweet. I wanted to keep going, to satisfy my sexual need before Kit arrived, but I was too worried about being walked in on and that made me nervous.

Kit and I had fooled around some when we were at Columbia together. She was my second roommate and she was gorgeous. At nearly six feet tall she had a body that just wouldn't quit. She was a thick girl, like me, with large breasts, a 40 DD to be exact, and long wavy red hair. Her eyes were the deepest blue I had ever seen and her legs went on for miles. She would always walk around in outfits that showed the firmness of her ass and I would be lying if I said it didn't drive me nuts. To be honest, not much had changed. She was still gorgeous and still wore revealing clothes but we never spoke about the things that happened in college and I always felt it better that we didn't.

I was sitting on the couch, thinking about the college days, when the doorbell rang. It caught me off guard for just a moment and when I realized what it was, I went to the door and opened it, but not before re-tying my robe. I swung the door open to see Kit standing there in a micro-mini skirt, a red, low cut blouse and hooker boots. Her hair was tied in a bun on top of her head and I couldn't help but notice that it must have been cold because her nipples were poking out to what seemed like a mile.

"Come on in here," I gestured. "It's cold out there I see."

"Hmmm, yes it is," she laughed as she came in and closed the door behind her. "Here, I brought you this."

She handed me a bottle of Stoli vanilla vodka and a bottle of diet coke. I pointed her down the hall towards the kitchen and followed behind her. She dropped her purse on the kitchen counter and climbed onto one of the barstools. I flipped on the light in the kitchen and put the bottles on the counter. I grabbed two glasses and poured more Stoli into the glass then diet coke. I dropped in two ice cubes, handed her the glass and stood on the opposite side of the bar. We had those drinks down in no time at all and I found myself making two more, this time in bigger glasses. I leaned over the counter, revealing part of my breast. I noticed Kit glancing at it so I stood back up and covered myself a little better. 

We sat in the kitchen a little longer drinking and laughing. We couldn't help but laugh thinking back to some of the sillier things we did as college students, remembering our weddings and reminiscing about our honeymoons. She had been my best friend for what seemed like an eternity. I felt so awkward for a moment because I just couldn't take my eyes off of her. The way she titled her head back when she laughed....the way she had pulled her hair down and would toss it over her shoulder when trying to be serious....everything about her was perfect.

"So," I started. "Do you want to go to the den and watch some movies?"

"Yeah, sure," she smiled.

I led her into the den and we plopped down on the couch, about a foot of room between us. I grabbed the remote and flipped through the channels trying to find something decent to watch. There really was shit on to watch at this time of night. I got up from the couch and went to our movie rack to find a movie.

"Anything special you want to see?" I asked her.

"Pretty much whatever you want to watch," she replied.

I searched through the movies and found the movie "Bound". I walked over to the DVD player and put in the movie then I returned to the couch and this time sat a little closer to her. The movie began and I dimmed the lights. We sat there for about 30 minutes not really saying anything, just watching the movie and drinking our drinks. I felt myself looking over to her a few times, admiring her legs, her breasts, her body.

I returned my attention to the television but I was quickly startled when Kit had moved much closer to me on the couch. I could feel my heart pounding inside my chest. I tried to focus on the movie but it was difficult. She kept moving a little closer until she was practically on my lap.

"I really hate him!" she said suddenly.

"Damn it Kit," I started to say. "Just let it go. Relax."

She leaned over towards me and rested her head on my breast. I could feel her tears drip down my tit. I wrapped my arms around her, just holding her like a good friend would do. I kissed the top of her head and before I knew it, she looked up and me and pressed her juicy red lips against mine. Her tongue, cold from the piercing in the middle, rubbed against mine. I was shocked, but aroused. I grabbed a hold of her face and returned the kiss, my hands slowly making their way down her back and towards her luscious ass.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I asked her.

"Yes," she answered softly.

I continued to kiss her, our tongues brushing over each other slowly at first and then more quickly. I felt her hand reach inside my robe and grab my tit, tugging at my nipple. I returned the favor by pulling her blouse off and removing her bra. My mouth moved towards her nipple and I sucked it gently. Kit moaned softly in my ear...a huge turn on for me. I laid her on the couch and pressed my body against hers as my mouth moved from tit to tit. Her hands had made their way down to my freshly shaved pussy and she split my lips. She licked her fingers and then shoved them deep inside me.

"Let's move this somewhere a little more comfortable," I suggested.

I got up from on top of Kit and took her by the hand upstairs. My heart was still pounding, my pussy extremely wet with anticipation. We headed down the hall and into my bedroom. As I reached for the light, Kit grabbed my hand to stop me.

"No lights," she said. "Just like it was back in school."

"Okay," I responded.

We walked to the edge of the bed and she sat on the corner. I kneeled in front of her, anxiously removing her skirt with one hand and reaching under the bed with the other. I fumbled around until I found my box of goodies. When I had pulled it out and left it to the side, I returned to face Kit, patiently waiting at the edge. I kissed her belly, working my way down to her navel and stopped there for just a moment. Then I continued my journey down her warm thighs, kissing them on the insides as I parted them. I slid her thong to the side as I ran my fingers gingerly up and down her slit. She leaned back, supporting her weight on her elbows, and moaned loudly. I buried my face between her thighs as I licked, sucked and teased her throbbing clit.

Kit held my face there, running her fingers through my hair. I flicked her clit then bit it and then flicked it again. With one hand I reached up and shoved her back on the bed and ripped her thighs open to reveal her sopping wet hole. It was shiny and slick...very ready for my tongue. I lightly slid my tongue in and rubbed it around inside the hole while my other hand found her clit and massaged it. I peeked up to see Kit, back arched, rubbing her nipples furiously. It seemed as though she was thrusting her pussy towards my face each time I buried my tongue deeper inside her. She was sweet, hot and so very, very wet.

I stopped for a moment and watched her. Kit slid her fingers down her slit and deep inside herself. I pulled her fingers out, sucked them dry, and then watched as she slammed them back in, positioning her thumb on her clit. I couldn't help but reach between my legs and pinch my clit between my fingers as I watched her. I could take no more.

"Flip over and get on your knees," I ordered her.

She did just that. I watched her roll over and then get on all fours like a dog. I grabbed her thighs and pulled her towards the very edge of the bed and then planted my face under her pussy, my tongue slammed back in her hole. She let out a loud scream...one of pleasure, not pain. As I quickly tongue fucked her tight cunt, I reached into my box of magic tricks and grabbed the biggest, deepest ribbed vibrator and eased it where tongue had been. Once it was wet with her juice, I put my tongue back in her pussy and eased the cock into her asshole. She tightened up. She'd never been driven from behind...by anyone.

"Baby," I whispered, "don't tense up. Just relax and I promise this will bring you to new heights of ecstasy!"

I sucked her clit hard as I spread her ass cheeks. As I felt her ease the tension, I inched the cock into her ass and turned up the vibrations. I continued to slide it in...she took almost all of the 7"...just like a pro. I could tell she was enjoying it. Her pussy and ass continued to rock back and forth, her pussy fucking my face, her ass fucking my cock.

"Fuck me!" I yelled.

She rocked herself back and forth as my tongue rapidly flicked her clit and then slammed her cunt. I rammed the vibrator deep into her ass and she screamed. I loved the feeling of her clit hardening in my mouth and her pussy leaked more juice down my throat. I pulled the vibrator out of her ass for a moment. I took my fingers, three of them, and vigorously fucked her pussy. Without any warning, I slammed my tongue into her ass and tongue fucked her. I used my other arm to wrap around her waist guiding her back and forth.

"I'm gonna cum!" she blurted out.

"Good. Squirt in my mouth!" I screamed at her.

I turned the vibrator all the way up and shoved it back in her ass, ramming her as hard as I could. I rolled my tongue and penetrated her pussy with quick strokes as I felt her cum squirt out and dribble down my throat. Kit let out a scream that I had never heard from her before...loud and incredibly erotic.

Her body collapsed to the bed and I kissed back up her thighs, over her ass, and to the small of her back. She rolled over and faced me and I took a quick detour back to her pussy to drink up any overflowing cum. Before I knew what was happening, she grabbed me by my arms and pulled me to the bed. With all her force, she shoved me down, pinning me to the bed. She was amazing strong. She ripped my robe off and pressed her sweaty body to mine and then disappeared to the floor. 

As I tried to lift my body to see what she was doing, her arm flew up and pushed me back down. I soon felt her between my legs, her mouth nibbling my pussy lips. My body flopped back to the bed and I spread my legs wide for her. She ran her hands up and down my thighs before ripping my pussy lips open. Her tongue caressed my outer lips and I could feel the ball of her tongue ring flirt with my clit. I pressed my pussy to her mouth forcing her to slide her tongue into my cunt. 

She was ravenous, raping me with her tongue. From time to time she would stop and put 2 fingers where her tongue had been. I could feel my pussy leak wet juice into her mouth. My pussy was like a fountain flowing with sticky juices. As she focused on eating my twat, I eagerly rubbed my clit. It took every ounce of me to stop looking for my butt plug to shove in there. I was aroused, so very aroused. Almost as if Kit knew I desired some anal attention, I felt her ram the same vibrator I used on her, into my ass. It made me jump but it felt so good. I felt my hips rocking back and forth on her face, my asshole tightening up on the vibrating cock.

It wasn't going to take me long to cum. Kit was amazing with her oral skills and the cock vibrating in my ass was hurrying the inevitable. I arched my back with thrust my pussy closer to her face.

"Fuck my ass harder!" I screamed out.

My wish was her command as she slammed the vibrator deeper and faster into my anal cavity. I could feel my clit pulsating, a sure sign that I was about to blow my load all over her face. Just as I was ready to explode, she stopped and stood up, revealing my strap on strapped firmly to her groin. She grabbed my arm and pulled me to my feet. I stumbled as I stood and then leaned towards her, pressing my lips to hers. I wanted to taste my juices, suck them off her lips.

Kit allowed me to kiss her for a moment and then she turned me towards the bed, my back to her chest. She reached around my waist and her fingers dancing over my pussy, teasing my clit from the outside of my twat. I reached behind me and carefully slid two fingers into her pussy, my ass circling her pelvis as I finger banged her.

"Lean over the bed," she commanded me.

I leaned over the bed, placing two pillows underneath my chest to grab on to. Kit grasped my hips and eased the strap-on's cock into my pussy. At first she was gentle in guiding me back and forth but then she became more forceful with each thrust. It was a huge turn on for me. I loved rough sex. For me, the rougher the sex, the harder I would cum. As she continued with her forward motions, my tits bounced around freely, at times slamming into my face and then slamming against my chest. Kit loosened her grip on my hips and reached up to grab a hold of my tits. She took one each hand, pinching the nipples firmly. She thrust deeper into my cunt with each circling of my nipple. It felt like that cock was going to come out my mouth she thrust so hard. I screamed out, a little in pain, but still quite aroused. Kit let go of my nipples and reached for my anal vibrator. I heard her spit on it to lube it up and in no time at all it was pounding my asshole. Apparently Kit had some experiences since college I knew nothing about. She was never so skilled back then. 

Every time my asshole would tighten, she slammed that vibrator so hard in there that I had no choice but to loosen up. She rammed both holes intensely and I made a move to rub on my clit. My fingers circled my extremely hard clit, tugging, pinching and pulling it every which way I could. I even tapped my fingers against it in an attempt to make it rock hard. The fucking I was taking was intense, but so delicious.
