 -Friday Night-

My husband Sean burst into our apartment with a muffled growl. His face was completely concealed by hat and scarf, and he was covered in snow from head to toe.

"We have to get out of the city," he said. 

January in Chicago is the absolute worst. We only moved here because we both got job offers. We're from Southern California, and hadn't taken a vacation since we moved here three years ago. 

"Yeah, I can probably do middle of February," I responded.

"We're leaving tonight, Amy. We'll get there in the morning, drive back on Sunday. Even if it's only one day and one night, we gotta do it. Let's get in a rental car and drive south until we can camp somewhere. It was 74 degrees in Tennessee today. Let's just go there. Or anywhere. Let's just go."

A puddle was starting to form at his feet from the melting snow.

"I'll start packing," I said.

+

We were so giddy on the drive down. We hadn't done anything impulsive like this in years. We're in our mid 30's so things get pretty routine.

As soon as the rental car was warm inside, we shed our hats, gloves, scarves, and coats. The blizzard outside slowed the speed of our car, but not the exhilaration of knowing that in a matter of hours we would be outside without all the weather gear. I'm definitely a shorts-and-tank-top kind of person.

"I'm so fucking excited!" I shouted. I couldn't contain myself. 

"Me too," he smiled. 

My job as passenger was to search for suitable campgrounds. It didn't take long before I found one in Tennessee that boasted waterfront and tent-only sites. We learned years ago to avoid RV people, they're a different breed. Once I received the confirmation email that we were booked, my excitement turned to sheer horniness. 

"How bout a little, uh..." I pointed to my mouth.

"Gee, let me think," he responded. I hadn't given road head since our car-owning days back in SoCal. I was just as excited about this as him.

I undid my seatbelt and leaned into him. His already hard dick was bulging, but I didn't want to free it just yet. I nuzzled up next to him and started to lightly kiss his neck while I rubbed him through his pants.

"Mmm, what's that you got there, mister?" I whispered into his ear. Sometimes we role-play that I'm a barely legal, innocent-but-curious teen. "Am I doing that to you? Ooh, it feels really big."

He flexed it for me. I gasped.

"You're bad," I continued. I kept squeezing and rubbing him, all the while kissing and nuzzling his neck. "Can I see it? Please mister?"

"Hmm," he began. "Only if I can see what you got under that t-shirt."

"But I've always been too shy to show these to anyone," I played. "I guess if it means I can see what you got under here," I said, gripping his cock. I leaned back in my seat and took off my shirt. I removed my bra, but kept an arm over my boobs. "I'm nervous," I said. "You promise you're gonna show me your... big cock?"

"If I like what I see, yeah." 

"Oh, I hope you do. I've just gotta see it. I can tell it's big."

"Show me your tits, you naughty girl."

I removed my arm and gave him a full view of the tits he'd seen a thousand times.

"Those are the most incredible breasts I've ever seen in my life," he said. Even though we were role-playing, I really appreciated it. "I have to show you what you're doing to me. Unzip my pants, and take it out."

I did as he commanded. His dick was rock solid, so it was tough to maneuver it out of his fly. When I finally got it all the way out, I sat back in my seat and covered my mouth with one hand.

"I did that to you?" I asked.

"Yeah," he said.

"I think you're doing something to me too," I confessed. I unbuttoned my jeans and wriggled out of them. The crotch of my panties was wet, so I turned on the dome light for just a second to show him. "You're making me all wet, look." I turned the light back off.

He extended a hand toward my pussy.

"Wait," I started.

"No."

He slid his hand down the front of my panties and rubbed me with his fingers.

"You weren't lying, you are wet."

"Mmhmm."

He worked his hand up and down for a bit, and while it felt good, he was at too odd an angle for it to really get me off.

"Hey, mister," I breathed. "You got to touch me, it's my turn to touch you."

He took his hand away from my pussy and popped his fingers in his mouth to taste me.

"Mister! That's so naughty!" I said. "Well if you get to taste me, then I want taste you." And with that, I bent over and took him into my mouth. I worked my lips and tongue skillfully, and thought, no way I was this good at sucking dick when I was eighteen. 

He moaned his approval, and after a minute or so he took me by the ponytail and started guiding me, setting the pace.

"Shit, baby," he said. "That is fucking incredible. Use your hand." He was talking to me now, the role-play over. I added a hand, twisting up and down in sync with my mouth. He wouldn't be much longer now. "Ah fuck, babe. Yeah, like that."

"Mmmmm," I mmmmmed.

Without warning, his cum started filling my mouth. My husband is quite the pornstar in terms of how much cum he produces, and in the bedroom he likes to see his cum on my skin. I love indulging him, letting him shoot it wherever he wants. He loves plastering my face and my ass, but his favorite spot for the moneyshot is my tits. 

Since he didn't have much choice of where to shoot this time, I thought I'd give him a little show. Once he was done cumming, I sat back, turned on the dome light once more, and let his seed spill out of my mouth and onto my boobs.

"Oh fuck, that's hot," he panted. "That was amazing, baby."

"I'm so fucking horny, babe, hope you don't mind," I said, slipping a hand down to my pussy. So there I was, cum dripping down my chin and tits, frigging my throbbing clit with everything I had. Since my late twenties, I've been able to orgasm with minimal effort. It used to take a long time, and a lot of focus, but now, as long as I'm even slightly turned on, I can bring myself to climax in mere minutes. 

"Keep your eyes on the road, babe," I demanded. He was trying to enjoy the show, and who can blame him, but I was still unbelted. He turned the dome light off and focused on the road, letting me concentrate. I was using my right hand on myself, so my left hand was sitting on the console idly. He took it and held it while I worked. It was so romantic, holding hands like a couple young lovebirds. I was on the brink and let him know by squeezing his hand tight.

"Ohh!" escaped my mouth. "Oh, oh fuck." I came harder than I have in months, the excitement of the trip fueling my pleasure.

I fell asleep shortly thereafter.

+

-Saturday Morning-

"Babe," someone was saying. "Let's get some supplies." We were parked, and the sun was up.

"Where are we?" I grogged.

"Walmart."

A glance at the clock told me it was 7 AM. I threw my top on, not bothering with the bra, and pulled my jeans on. We agreed that it was glorious being able to walk from our car into the store without wearing our coats. It was a tiny bit chilly outside, but compared to Chicago the air felt tropical, and we exulted in the change of climate.

Once inside the store, I headed to the bathroom to wipe the dry cum from my chin and neck. My tits still felt taut and dirty with caked jizz, but that was okay. This trip was not about cleanliness. 

I found my husband in the lunchmeat section. He threw a pack of cocktail wieners into the cart alongside s'more fixings and a starter log. We got more food, a Styrofoam cooler, some ice, and a bottle of Maker's Mark, and headed out.

+

The campground was still quiet when we arrived. We ate a light breakfast before we pitched our tent, then napped into the afternoon. I was stirred awake by distant sounds of merriment, children playing and whatnot. I decided to go for a walk while hubby snoozed. 

I ambled along the main road, smiling at other campers and admiring the lake. I was happy to see a sign for hiking trails. The sun felt great on my skin, and looked beautiful shining through the leafless forest. The lake wasn't exactly picturesque, sort of plain and murky brown, but I was just glad that a frosty 30mph wind wasn't coming off of it.

What the-? I heard shushing and hushed chatter coming from somewhere in the forest, not far off trail, opposite the lake. I decided to investigate.

I came upon a couple that looked to be in their early twenties, making out in a small clearing. I had a great view of them between two trees, and I could tell that I was pretty much completely hidden from them.

They'd laid out a blanket, and she was on her back. He hovered over her, his forearms bulged and veiny. I couldn't see her except for her long curly light brown hair. I saw what he looked like when he leaned back to take his shirt off. He took care of himself, probably a jock judging by his statuesque physique. Meatheads have never been my thing, but at the moment, his young toned body was getting me all hot and bothered.

He removed her top, a cute, billowy, off-white button-up. Then off came the bra, but I couldn't really see the goods. She was lying back with her head pointing my direction, so I could only just make out her nipples. I've never wanted to see another woman's breasts so much in my life. 

She got up onto her knees and they made out a little more before he turned her around. Still on her knees, body upright, she faced me now as he groped her from behind. He kissed her neck while fondling her breasts. She was so pretty and her boobs were perfect, huge considering her small frame, with small nipples that were nice and high. So often, giant boobs just look like big deflated sacks of fat. 

I was getting majorly turned on, and I decided to tease my husband a little. I got out my phone and took several pictures of the passionate couple. I texted him one with the caption, "Look what I stumbled upon."

The young man lay back and ordered his lady to go down on him. She obliged, and now I had a perfect profile view of the two. Her boobs swayed back and forth as she fucked him with her mouth. 

"Use your hand," ordered the young man. I had to stifle a laugh at this, the same command my husband had given me a thousand times before. She obliged. 

"Oh yeah," he approved. 

I snapped another few pics and sent one more to my hubby. "Oh my god, these two are so fucking hot! Wish you were here to spy with me!!!"

She continued for a minute or two before he sat up and asked her to get on all fours. She did so and he took his place behind her. A soft repetitive smacking sound confirmed their union. She was facing me for the most part, and I watched her face twist with pleasure as he increased his tempo. 

I snapped more pics, but didn't send any more. Had to keep watching.

"My ass," she grunted. "Put it in my ass." And a few seconds later, "yeah just like that."

Just like that? No wincing? What about the ten minutes of struggling just to get the head in? I've personally never been able to take anything in my ass with pleasure. I've tried. I've really tried, and I've wanted to like it. I know my husband would enjoy it, and it's naughty as hell. I'd always been jealous of girls who could handle it without being in severe pain the entire time, and this was no different. I took more pictures.

He fucked her ass at the same tempo he had fucked her pussy, which again, astounded me. He fondled her cheeks and spread them apart, watching himself as he slid in and out of her. Soon he began to speed up, and she went from softly cooing to moaning quietly to moaning pretty loud.

"Hey, shhh," he said. "Brian and them are gonna hear us and come find us."

"Oh God, fuck my ass!" she screamed in response.

"Shut the fuck up," he commanded.

She stifled her pleasure for the moment, but was soon yelling again.

"God dammit," he said, looking around and behind him. He lifted her upper body, exposing those magnificent breasts to me once more, as he continued to fuck her ass. He covered her mouth with his hand and kept pounding. She was really getting loud, but his muffling kept her at a soft roar.

"I'm about to cum," she babbled into his hand. "Oohhhhh."

"Me too, I'm almost there."

She squealed as her orgasm hit, and he must have stopped caring about the sound level as he came, because his hand fell away from her mouth and he let out his own lustful howl.

They collapsed in a panting heap. 

From off in the distance a voice shouted, "Blake, where'd you go man?!" The two lovers quickly threw their clothes back on and rushed off. When they were gone I quietly made my way back toward my campsite.

+

I figured my husband was still asleep since he hadn't responded to any of my texts. The distinct sound of his snoring confirmed my suspicion, and the sound of me entering our tent didn't wake him. He's a very heavy sleeper. 

Without waking him, I undid his fly and pulled out his flaccid dick. I put him in my mouth and started sucking. Only when he was fully erect and I started pumping my hand up and down did he awaken. 

"Oh, wow, hey."

"Mmmmm." 

Now that he was awake, it was time for me to get fucked. The roadie last night, the scene I had just watched, I was all cranked up. I stopped sucking him and started taking off all my clothes. As I undressed I saw him take out his cell phone. I turned away to hide my smile.

"Oh, you texted me... Woah!"

"I know."

"You lucky bitch."

"They were so hot."

"Now I see why I'm being assaulted now."

I grabbed my own cell phone and then straddled him. I sank myself down on him and felt such relief at finally being full of dick. Before I started really fucking him, I handed him my phone, which had about fifty pics of the scene I had witnessed, as opposed to the two I had sent him.

"Look at these," I said as I started bucking up and down. He took the phone from me and started scrolling through the pictures.

"Oh nice," he said. I started rubbing my breasts, tweaking my nipples. "She's pretty," he continued. "And he's not so bad himself. God damn that feels good, babe."

"Yeah, they were so hot," I said. "She screamed like a wild woman when she came. He had to cover her mouth with his hand."

"My little voyeur," he said with a sly smile. I smiled back.

His scrolling through the pics while he fucked me was making me so hot. He was looking at pictures that I took, admiring a young beautiful woman while inside me. Me from ten years ago, when we were newlyweds, would not have been okay with this. Then again, me from ten years ago would have run off instead of hiding and taking pictures of unsuspecting sex-havers.

"That feels too good, babe, you're gonna make me cum."

"No no no!" I protested.

"Well then slow down." 

I considered my options. I wanted to cum before he did, so I could either keep him inside me without moving much and just use my hands to get myself off, or I could sit on his face. As much as I delighted in having his cock inside me, I loved his mouth on my pussy and knew it would make me cum twice as fast. 

I lifted myself off his dick and turned around, hovering my pussy over his mouth, and leaning over to suck him off as he worked. He reached under me to fondle my tits as he licked and sucked my hungry pussy. I only half-heartedly blew him, concentrating on my own mounting pleasure. A few minutes of this and I was ready.

"Mmmmm. Mmm," I moaned around his fat cock. I popped him out of my mouth. "I'm cumming," I said. I sat up straight and started spasming hard. I fought the urge to buck my hips up and down, for fear of breaking his nose. I peaked for a bit, and then slumped over onto him.

"God, I love that," he said. He rolled me off of him onto my back, and took his place above me. He straddled my torso, laying his cock between my breasts. My b-cups are nice and perky, but aren't quite prime titty-fucking material. Still, he enjoys rubbing himself up and down the valley of my squeezed-together boobs. 

His face glistened with my fluids as he fucked my tits. His eyelids started to get heavy and I knew he was close.

"I'm gonna..." he mumbled. He sat back and unloaded onto me. The first couple spurts hit me in the mouth and neck, the rest pumping out onto my tits. When he was through, he admired the mess he made. We glowed.

"I'm so glad we took this trip," I said.

"I wanna see those pictures again," he said. We cracked up.

+

-Saturday Night-

The evening went by peacefully. We ate, we talked, we marveled at how nice the weather was and tried not to think about the tundra we were going back to tomorrow. We passed the bottle of Maker's Mark back and forth, sipping directly from it.

It had been dark for about an hour, and we were just about to start making s'mores, when we heard feet shuffling from the direction of the road. Whomever it was happened to be crying quietly to themselves, the sound of sniffling and broken breathing apparent. 

When she came into view my eyes widened, as did my husband's. 

"That's her," he mouthed silently.

"Yeah," I confirmed. 

She slowly and drunkenly stumbled past our campsite. Where was she going? There was nothing but the exit to the campground in the direction she was heading.

"Hey!" I called out. My husband looked at me like I was crazy. She looked over at us, makeup smeared down her pale cheeks. "Are you okay?"

"Me?" 

"Yeah, are you all right?" I asked. 

She started to stagger toward us. 

"Um, I was just walking to the..." she couldn't get it out. She sobbed, "to the highway." 

"Why, sweetie?" I asked. "Come here, sit with us."

My husband gave up his lawn chair for her and sat himself on a stump. The campfire lit her face now and we got to see how beautiful she was up close, despite her ruined makeup. She could have been a model. I rubbed her back, motherly.

"My boyfriend broke up with me," she slurred. "He called me a slut."

"Why?"

"Cause I am a slut. I fucked his best friend and he found out."

My husband shot me a surprised glance and mouthed, "Wow." She didn't see.

"You're not a slut, sweetheart," I said.

"Yeah I am." She bawled. "I fuck everyone I meet."

"You're young, you're hot, it's okay to have sex with as many people as you want," I assured her.

"Yeah, but I cheat on every guy I'm with. I can't help myself." She sobbed heavily. "My boyfriend told me to hitchhike out of here. He said I'd have a great time sucking off a trucker. Him and Blake laughed at me."

"Your boyfriend sounds like an asshole."

"He's right though, I would enjoy that. It just sucks because I really like my boyfriend, I just also like... dick." She was still sniffling, but was able to talk without breaking down now. "I can't believe he was mad at me but not Blake."

I looked at my husband sadly, pity for this girl was all over my face.

"Do you want a s'more?" my husband asked the poor girl.

"Awww, you guys are making s'mores that's so fucking cute," she said. "I'm not very hungry right now though. What's your names?"

"I'm Amy and this is Sean," I said.

"I'm Jacqueline."

+

We talked to Jacqueline more about her relationships with men, her failed attempts at attending college, how she went from being a stripper to a pornstar, and her goals to one day be a real actress. Pretty typical aimless girl stuff. She was so pathetic, and a bit simple, but I was becoming deeply affected by her situation. I wanted to care for her and love her, help her, prove to her that there were good people in the world. She was only 22 and it seemed the world had already trampled her down a million times over.

My husband started nodding off, and decided to hit the sack. He went off somewhere dark and took a piss and then crawled into the tent. We said good night to him and stayed up talking and drinking bourbon.
