 Writer's Note: This story (and possibly more to follow) is based on events that happened to me personally. I am attempting to tell the story as I recall it, though I am changing the names of the people.

*^*^*^*^*^*

Homeless In... 

Chapter 3: Los Angeles

I left West Hollywood as soon as the buses were running, and skipped past Hollywood and headed into downtown Los Angeles. At first, my plan was to get cleaned up and go back home, beg my parents not to send me to rehab, and maybe find a way to restart my life. While I waited for my next bus in downtown, fear began to take hold and I abandoned my plan. I didn't want to go back to Hollywood, though... not yet. If I went back now, Lock would find me in no time, but I didn't know where else to go. My time on the streets had been limited to Hollywood, so far. I didn't know any of the squatters in this area.

As I walked the busy streets of downtown, I noticed that the locals in the area were much older. Most of them looked like they had given up on life, barely acknowledging the people adding change to their cups. The shops lined the streets, and people filed in and out in a non-stop flow of motion, yet the homeless men and women were planted in place. 

I tried to panhandle, but it was completely impossible. No matter where I was, an older squatter would yell at me to find my own spot, that particular spot of concrete belonged to them. There was no arguing with any of the, either. They would come to each others' aid, almost out of the shadows, if you so much as raised your voice. 

One older woman took pity on me and gave me five dollars from her cup, so I was able to eat. I bought food for the both of us, and sat with her while she shook a cup of coins while singing the best panhandling song I had heard all day.

"Put a quarter in my cup to shut me up. Put a quarter in my cup to shut me up! Put a quarter in my cup, put a quarter in my cup, put a quarter in my cup to shut me up." Over and over she would sing until someone tossed a quarter into her cup, at which point she would stop singing until that person was out of sight, then she began again. I ran errands for her until the sun faded behind the tall buildings long before nightfall. She invited me to her camp, but I declined.

I had decided to walk to the motel that Lock and I had stayed in. Without me, I didn't think I had to worry about him finding enough money for a room, nor did I think he'd bother since he loved being outside so much. The motel would be safe, at least for one night, and I knew I'd have a better chance of panhandling in that area.

I wasn't asking for change for too long before i had a cup full of coins and single dollar bills, enough for a room and some food from the gas station nearby. I bought my room and vanished into the shower as soon as I locked the room's door. It took far too long for the tension in my back and shoulders to melt away, and I didn't get out of the shower until the hot water began to cool. I didn't even bother getting dressed, just laid a few towels on the bed and watched television while I dried. 

I fell asleep while watching the local news, and my dreams kept me from sleeping soundly. Every time I opened my eyes, I was terrified that I'd find Lock standing over me, and every time someone walked past my window, I expected the shadow to stop at my door. I could hear some of the local girls that lived in the motel as they were talking to each other by the ice machine outside my room. I knew a few of them from previous stays at the motel, but I had never really taken the time to get to know any of them until I realized I knew one of their voices.

Raven was a girl I had met within days of coming to Hollywood with my gypsy lover. She had taken me in without question, but I had suspected there was something between Raven and my guy within the first week of squatting together. Hearing her voice outside my window encouraged me to get dressed, pocket my room key, and grab my ice bucket. I acted sleepy and like I barely minded the flock of women, waiting to see if Raven would even recognize me; she did, with a squeal and a hug. I invited her back to my room, and she said goodbye to the others. 

As soon as we were in my room, she turned the television on to the porn network that the motel owner kept running at all hours. She explained that as long as the porn was heard through the door, the owner wouldn't knock. He assumed all the girls here were workers.

I didn't know if she was a worker, as well, so I asked. She wasn't even ashamed to nod her head with a smile. She explained how she only stayed out of the motel itself because they didn't let her bring her dog with her, but this was the only motel that let the girls rent rooms by the hour. She used her money to get a room at another motel that allowed pets, she explained. 

When she asked if I had started working, I knew my skin had turned at least ten shades of red as I told her no. She smiled and said she's introduce me to someone, I just had to get dressed and come out with her. The idea terrified me but I knew I had to find a way to make better cash than begging for change if I wanted to stay off the streets.

I wore the only clean dress I had in my backpack, a black one that Lock had found for me at the drop-in center's clothing rack. It was long-sleeved and tight, covering me close to the knees. I only had my combat boots, though, so I wore them with some fishnets and hoped it all looked okay. Raven gave a nod of approval before attacking my face with eyeliner and lipstick. She wrapped necklaces around my neck and bracelets around my wrist, but I wouldn't let her touch my ears. I had three piercings in my left ear and two on my right, but at the time I was only wearing one stud, in the third piercing on my left. It was put there by the gypsy, and I didn't want to lose it. She shrugged and pulled a long belt with O rings attached around it and slapped it around my waist, which did make me yelp as my hip was still tender and bruised from Lock's recent rough treatments.

Stepping back, she admired her accessorizing capabilities. I slipped my room key onto my shoelace and wrapped it around my ankle, tucking the key into the side of my boot. My heart was racing until I remembered the bags of meth I had stolen from Lock. I took one from the backpack and Raven's eyes lit up. We spent the next ten minutes cutting lines and sniffing reality away before she hooked her arm in mine as she led me away from the motel. 

We walked down the street, hugging ourselves against the chill of the evening wind. She explained that she had met this guy a week ago, and as long as she spent an hour with him three times a day, he paid for another room that her boyfriend and dog stayed in. When I asked what she did during her visits, she rolled her eyes at me and I knew she was fucking this man in exchange for her room. Before she knocked on his door, she told me she had promised to bring him another girl for her third visit and that was why she was down at the other motel in the first place. 

I didn't have time to consider what she had told me before we were sitting on his bed next to each other. Her elderly friend locked the door before standing in front of us with his hands on his hips. He didn't wait long before Raven slid down to her knees, lifted his belt buckle and open his trousers, pulling out the smallest cock I had ever seen. Without even blinking, she took him into her mouth and he sighed with a satisfied look on his face. I sat on the bed, watching, unsure of what I was supposed to even do. For the moment, neither of them seemed to remember I was even there.

Soon his fingers were twisting into my hair and I was being pulled to my knees next to Raven. She was smiling and laughing, sucking on the small cock like it was the best thing she had seen in a month. When she leaned back and pointed the cock towards me, I hesitated before licking the soft mushroom head. She grinned as she fondled his ball sac, telling me to go further down. It wasn't the first time I had given a blowjob to a small cock, but it was my first time being paid for sex. While the horrible idea of disease ran through my head, I felt his hand press firmly on the back of my head until my face was pressed firmly against his pelvis, his small cock barely reaching the back of my tongue. Raven took advantage of this distraction and stood up, removing her dress and laying it on a nearby chair. As soon as she crawled on the bed, he pulled his cock away from my mouth and followed her. 

I excused myself, claiming that I needed to pee and escaped quickly into the bathroom, where I tried to be as quiet as I could while trying unsuccessfully not to throw up. When Raven knocked on the bathroom door, I knew I had been heard. She came in, helped me clean up, and brought me back out to the bed. The man had undressed completely and was resting on the bed in a bathrobe that barely covered him. 

Raven and Mason, as he introduced himself, spent the next hour talking to me about what they did on a daily basis, what I could do if I wanted to, and how much money I could make. While he spoke, Mason pulled out a small square mirror that had lines of speed already drawn out. Raven took a straw from her backpack and cut it into three pieces, handing one to Mason and one to me. Mason took his lines first, then Raven took a few rows with ease. I snorted two lines, another first as I had only done one line at a time before now. 

It burned as it made its way down the back of my throat. Raven guided me back to the bed and encouraged me to lay down. Mason joined me, quickly spreading my knees and inviting himself to dine between my legs. Raven excused herself shortly after that, and I heard the shower running a moment later. Every few minutes, Mason's hand would snake out to the bedside table, tip a fingernail into a bag of meth, and guide the bump to my waiting nose. I took every hit, escaping further and further away from the bed and into the cosmos where I rode the sensations of a tongue tickling my clit or a finger plunging into my unexpectedly wet cunt. When Mason mounted me missionary, I felt his face press against mine, his lips sloppily finding mine. I ignored the concept of who I was with and returned the kiss, imagining it to be someone else, anyone else. I heard Raven join us again by the sound of her sniffing away another line, then the weight shifted on the bed as she pulled his attention away from me. I laid on the bed, staring at the bouncing ceiling as they fucked next to me until he moaned in completion and she faked the loudest orgasm I had ever heard, much to his apparent satisfaction. 

After the world pulled me back into my shell, I showered and Raven walked me back to my motel. She handed me fifty bucks and told me Mason would pay me that every time I visited, all I had to do was contact her first so she could set it up with him. She didn't stick around for long after she turned the tv back on to the porn channel. I didn't even hear the moaning and the fucking from the screen as I curled up on my bed, boots still on. I didn't sleep very well that night, repeatedly waking up almost as soon as I fell asleep, the money I had "earned" taunting me from the table where I had tossed it.