 Author's note: I receive many requests via e-mail from readers asking that I write about different topics. Many of them supply a theme or at the minimum a suggestion for the story line. I have decided to honor those requests under the title, "Honoring Reader Requests," rather than have the reader have to search for his of her story favorite. Each chapter will indicate the story line under this title. I hope this works for all those who send in their suggestions.

I will write about the themes and story lines in the order I receive them. The second story is from a request I received to write another chapter in the Capri an Isle of Love series. It has been awhile since my last submission so I will reintroduce some of the characters. This story will also be posted under the title Capri an Isle of Love Revisited. In this story the Marine, stationed at Marine Barracks in Naples Italy, will reunite with his bisexual Italian friend Paolo in Capri and they will be joined by the bisexual Swedish couple he met in Rome.

WALTER, PAOLO, LARS AND INGA IN CAPRI

WALTER AND PAOLO REUNITE

My name is Walt and I was a Marine stationed in Naples, Italy. My fellow Marines called me Walt but many Italian friends preferred to cal me Walter. I was a tan 6'1," 190 lbs, brown hair with steel blue eyes and very fit. I was very Irish looking so my speaking Italian threw people off. People have told me that my eyes are piercing and that they are often intimidated by me. I was also a black belt in judo so my confidence came through as well. I was in the second year of my two year tour of duty at Marine Barracks Naples, Italy.

Spring was here and the ski season had ended. It had been months since I had seen Paolo and I missed his company. I was about to call him about getting together when I received a call at the barracks from Lars and Inga, the Swedish couple I had met in Rome. They were still touring Italy and they would be in Naples in a few days. They planned to see Naples, Capri and the Amalfi coast over the next two weeks. 

They remembered that I told them that I was stationed in Naples and that Paolo lived in the Amalfi region. Lars told me that he hoped that the four of us could get together in the Naples area. I immediately called Paolo and he was thrilled to hear from me and excited by the prospects of getting together and meeting Lars and Inga. Paolo suggested meeting in Capri on the weekend even though it was still early spring. 

A few days later I received another call from Lars and I told him of our plans to meet in Capri. He was pleased that things had worked out and told me that he and Inga would be there late Friday afternoon. I arranged for overnight liberty that Thursday so that I would have three nights in Capri. Paolo and I then planned to meet at the piazza in Anacapri on Thursday evening. Later that night while standing post, I thought back to my time in Rome with Lars and Inga.

They were about 5'5" or 5"6" tall, thin blonde and built similarly; it was still hard to believe they were husband and wife since they looked so much alike. Inga was very small breasted and looked flat chested. I vividly remembered the two look alikes and how much they resembled one another. Except for Lars having a cock and Inga having a pussy they were almost identical. They both had slim curvy bodies that were virtually hairless and they both had smooth unblemished skin. Inga had very small tits and she was almost flat chested. They both had blonde pubic hair that looked more like peach fuzz. The three of us had had great sex together.

I knew the Lars and Inga would love Paolo as he was a pretty boy, very feminine and could easily pass for a girl. He was about 5'7," 140 lbs, very black hair cut short but covering his neck. At 22 years old his skin was hairless and flawless. He had shapely legs and an ass most women would kill to have. I knew that once Lars got a look at Paolo's ass, Lars would be dying to fuck it. As I thought about meeting Paolo on Thursday I realized that I was looking forward to fucking him again also.

Thursday finally arrived and after eating dinner in the mess hall and changing into my civilian clothes, I headed for Capri. I arrived at the piazza about 1930 (7:30 PM) and looked for Paolo. I spotted him at one of the tables and walked over to greet him. He then spotted me, smiled and stood up to greet me. We embraced and shook hands as it had been months since we had seen each other.

"I have really missed you Walter," Paolo told me.

"And I have missed you too, Paolo," I replied.

"I don't think as much though. I am sure that you have kept your big cock busy," Paolo laughed.

I sat down at the table and joined him for an espresso and I filled him in on my past few months. I told him how things ended with Pam and Betsy in Rome and how I met Lars and Inga afterward. Paolo was excited about meeting Lars and Inga when I described them and told him about our threesome. We finished our espressos and then went to the hotel that we always stayed at. Paolo, as usual, had made the arrangements and he also booked a second room for Lars and Inga. 

Once in the room I put my bag down and went to the bathroom. When I came back into the room, Paolo was naked in bed on all fours. I looked at his dark flawless skin and his shapely ass. He was horny and ready for my cock and I was already hard in my pants. I stripped off my clothes and approached the bed with my cock bobbing in front of me. I caressed Paolo's ass cheeks and ran my finger over his anus. Paolo moaned at the touch. 

Paolo was hard too so I reached down and ran my finger along his perineum and tickled his taut ball sac. I grasped his cock lightly and gave it a few strokes. I didn't mind touching his cock as I had jerked him off several times in the past when I was fucking him. I continued to tickle his perineum, his cock, his anus and taut ball sac until he begged me to fuck him. Paolo handed me a tube of cream that he had brought with him. I was no stranger to preparing assholes for my cock particularly Paolo's bottom. I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus and I got anxious to bury my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to Paolo and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

Paolo cautioned, "Walter, it has been awhile since you were in me. Go slow, not too deep at first, then deeper."

I spat on my hand and rubbed my saliva all over my cock which made it very slick when combined with the lube. My cock head cleared his anal entrance and I slowly fed it to Paolo a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I remembered as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in Paolo's ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. Soon I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. Paolo was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would cum. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once Paolo started to contract his anal muscles I knew that I was going to lose it.

For whatever reason that evening I decided to cum on Paolo's ass rather than in it. I pulled my cock from his ass and aimed it right at his asshole. I stroked my cock as jets of cum shot out and hit Palo's anus and landed on his back, ass and thighs. Cum bounced off his anus and trickled down between his thighs. There was so much of it and it seemed that I came forever. When my cock stopped spurting I pushed it back into his ass and he milked it dry with his talented anal muscles as my cock remained hard in his tight sheath. Paolo collapsed forward on the bed and I followed him down with my cock still in his ass. My pubes were soaked in my own cum when I pressed against Paolo's prone body. I began to move my hips again as I resumed fucking him.

"God, that feels so good to have you back in me, love me, fuck me," Paolo cried out.

My cock was fully embedded in his ass as I pulled back a little and pushed forward. He groaned as I began to slowly fuck him again. Each time I would start taking longer strokes. My cock head was soon at the edge of his asshole before I pushed it back into him. My fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time our bodies came together, my body and his ass made a wet slapping sound. Paolo asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his body and Paolo was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot. I decided to cum in his ass this time and I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing.

Paolo moaned and then whispered in his excitement, "Oh yeah cum in my ass. I can feel it. I love it when you shoot in me."

As I continued to fuck him, cum backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. Paolo used his talented anal muscles to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. Paolo's milking action weakened me and I collapsed on his body. I was so fucking hot that I crammed my cock fully into him as he massaged it with his anal muscles. Paolo humped up against me fucking me back as I stayed in him. 

"I want to cum from you fucking me," Paolo whispered, "Stay in me a little longer."

Paolo then called out urgently, "Let me roll over."

I eased my cock from his ass and I got off of him and lay next to him on the bed. Paolo rolled over and his 6" erection stood straight up from his body. He wrapped his hand around his cock and jerked on it rapidly. I reached down and cupped his taut ball sac which emitted a groan from Paolo. Then his body tensed and cum shot out of his cock. The force of his ejaculation caused the first jets to shoot passed his head and hit the headboard. Then the subsequent several streams landed on his chest and abs before the remaining cum oozed from his cock and puddle around his pubes.

I continued to rub his ball sac causing his body to flinch as the sensations overtook him. He then grasped my hand with his and pulled it off his testicles. He obviously could not take anymore of the sensations running through his loins. I looked down at my pretty friend and smiled at him covered in his own cum.

"That was a pretty good load, Paolo," I told him.

"I haven't cum like that in awhile. See what you do to me," he gasped.

He noticed that I was hard again and he took a hold of my cock and played with it. He loved stroking my cock and he loved sucking it but that night he wanted in his ass again. This time we rolled on our sides and I slipped my cock into Paolo's ass one more time. I fucked him slowly as I gave him a reach around jerk off. I had become comfortable jerking Paolo's cock as I fucked him and I even like the feel of cum shooting through his cock. It took me longer as was always the case before I sent my third load of the night into his rectum. Paolo crooned when he felt cum shoot into his ass again and then he came right after that. I drilled his ass as his cock pulsated in my hand and his cum shot out onto the bed sheets. I jerked his cock squeezing every drop of cum from it and then he lifted my hand to his mouth and licked it clean. My cock softened and slipped from Paolo's ass and we fell asleep in the spoon position. I dozed off thinking about how good it was to be fucking him again.

FRIDAY – LARS AND INGA ARRIVE

On Friday morning I woke up with my normal piss hard on and I received an unusual request from Paolo. He wanted me to fuck him in the missionary position with my morning erection. I had never fucked a guy before taking my morning piss before but I granted Paolo's wish. He held his legs open like a woman would and I eased my cock into his asshole. I began fucking him and he began jerking on his cock. It didn't take long before Paolo was shooting cum all over his body again as I fucked him. I continued to fuck him until he stopped cumming and then I moved off the bed.

"Paolo, I have to pee then I'll be back," I told him.

I hurried to the bathroom and took my morning piss. There is something very erotic about pissing when your cock is erect and then begins to wither as you urinate. I relieved myself, cleaned up and returned to the bedroom. Paolo was sitting on the side of the bed and he beckoned me to him. I stood in front of him as he took my cock into his mouth and sucked me to hardness. Paolo caressed the backs of my muscular thighs and buttocks as he performed one of his signature blow jobs. In a matter of minutes I was filling his mouth with cum and he was swallowing as fast as he could. Paolo did not miss a drop of my copious load and he sucked my cock until my balls were empty.

I stepped back from Paolo and he looked up and smiled at me. "I don't know where you get it all from Walter. No one cums like you do."

"You bring out the best in me, Paolo. Come on let's get dressed and go to the piazza for breakfast," I said.

"But my belly is full," he teased.

"Yes and it will even be fuller tonight after Lars and Inga are here," I joked.

"I can't wait," he giggled.

We got dressed and headed to the piazza for espresso, fruit and pastries. I loved the continental breakfasts in Italy. The Anacapri piazza was a great place for breakfast and people watching. Sometimes it was a good to spot to meet people and pick up girls but that was not our plan that day. Paolo and I had a leisurely light breakfast and several cups of espresso before we want for a walk around Capri. 

We strolled all over the isle together and made our way down to the beach. On our way back up the stone steps I found my self staring at Paolo's ass again. He was wearing tight Capri pants that showed off his shapely ass. I felt my cock get stiff in my pants just from thinking about fucking his curvy ass again. As I looked at Paolo's shapely body and perfect bubble butt I was still amazed at how much he resembled a girl from the back.

We stopped for a light lunch and then made our way back to the piazza just before 3:00 PM. Lars and Inga were supposed arrive at the port around three and then they would look for us in the piazza. It was their first visit to Capri so I had given Lars directions to Anacapri. Paolo and I were each sipping a glass of red wine when I spotted Lars and Inga. They looked very Swedish and touristy in their hiking shoes, shorts and shirts. I pointed them out to Paolo and then I stood and waved to them. Inga spotted me and pointed in our direction then they both walked toward us.

"I can see what you mean Walter, they look like brother and sister, not husband and wife," Paolo whispered.

"Actually they look like until Lars is naked." I quipped.

"I agree," Paolo said.

"Walter, it is so good to see you again," Inga said in a bubbly tone and then she kissed me on both cheeks.

"It's good to see you both too," I replied as I kissed Inga on her cheeks and shook Lars' hand, "This is my good friend Paolo who I told you about." I added introducing Paolo.

"It's nice to meet you at last Paolo, Walter has told us so much about you," Inga said as she and Paolo kissed in the familiar European fashion.

"Yes Paolo, we are both anxious to get to know you better," Lars added making their desire clear.

"I am look forward to getting to know each of you as well," Paolo replied.

"Do you want to sit awhile and have a glass of wine or should we get you checked into your room?" I asked.

"Just one glass of wine and then we can go to the room," Lars accepted.

The four of us had a glass of wine and Paolo and I listened as Lars and Inga told us about their travels. After Rome they had gone up to Tuscany, Cinque Terra, Milan, Venice and then back to Naples. A few days in Naples and Capri and then they planned to visit the Amalfi coast, Vesuvius and Sicily. We finished our wine and headed back to the hotel. After Lars and Inga got settled in their room Paolo and I took them to dinner. We dined at our favorite restaurant on Capri and Lars and Inga loved it. After dinner it was back to the hotel and by then we were all ready for sex.

When we got back to the hotel, Inga came to my room and Paolo went with Lars to his room. Once in the room Inga stripped off her clothes, jumped on the bed and bounced around in her nakedness like a giddy teenager. I took off my clothes and then moved toward her as she lay down on her back and held her arms open to me. She spread her legs slightly and looked apprehensively at my erect cock. I got on the bed between her thighs and nestled my cock at the opening to her pussy. I moved the head of my cock around her vulva and gently prodded her outer cunt lips. Inga moaned softly as her pussy got increasingly wetter. Satisfied that she was wet enough I eased my dick in a little parting her labia and finding the entrance to her pussy. I pushed more of my cock into her and in spite of her wetness she was still very snug. For the next several minutes I pushed in and pulled out, each time pushing a little more of my shaft into her sopping wet hole. Finally my cock sank all the way into her snatch causing Inga to gasp aloud. Then as I began to saw my dick in and out of her, Inga wrapped her legs around my lower body and humped her hips up at me. As I picked up the pace I made sure that my cock stayed in constant contact with her clit.

Inga surprised herself with another quick orgasm but I kept right on fucking her and she came multiple times in succession. Her pussy was flooded with her cunt juice and I could feel my cock soaking in her nectar as I pushed it all the way in. Inga was experiencing a continuous string of orgasms which had her body thrashing and jerking about as she approached her final crescendo. Her body stiffened and she grabbed my shoulders as she wrapped her legs even tighter around my torso squeezing my lower body.

"Oh God, I'm cumming again, hold me, please hold me, oh, oh, please," she cried out as a thunderous climax ripped through her body.

Inga stiffened at first pushing her hips toward mine and then she went out of control. Her hips humped rapidly up and down as her body thrashed about. She was grunting and groaning and gasping for air as she reached her climax. All her fanatic actions accelerated my own orgasm and I flooded her womb with barrage after barrage of semen. I plowed my cock into her as far as I could as I released a steady flow of cum into her pussy. We both humped each other furiously until our orgasms subsided. I kept my weight on my elbows as I lay on top of her so as not to crush her petite body with my weight. Inga's vaginal muscles clenched and unclenched around my shaft milking my cock dry.

Her cunt was a receptacle holding our combined juices and my cock felt as if it bathing in warm oil. My cock slowly deflated and slipped from her tight pussy with an audible sound. Our juices flowed out of her pussy as soon as my cock slipped from her hole just as if a stopper was pulled out of her. I rolled to my side along side of Inga and flopped on my back.

"Oh my, I have not cum like that since we were together in Rome. It was a little scary," she sighed and then added, "But I have never been fucked like that since then and you always cum so much."

As I lay by her side I noticed that her tiny tits were standing straight up and her aroused nipples were pointing at the ceiling. I tweaked the hard little nubs between my fingers causing her to gasp and quiver.

"My breasts are very sensitive," she murmured.

I leaned over and kissed her breasts and sucked on her sensitive nipples. I rubbed her firm flat tummy as I sucked on her tits and her rock hard nubs.

"Oh I love that it makes me feel so feminine," she cooed.
