 Author's note: I receive many requests via e-mail from readers asking that I write about different topics. Many of them supply a theme or at the minimum a suggestion for the story line. I have decided to honor those requests under the title, "Honoring Reader Requests," rather than have the reader have to search for his of her story favorite. Each chapter will indicate the story line under this title. I hope this works for all those who send in their suggestions.

I will write about the themes and story lines in the order I receive them. The sixth story is from a request I received to write about a mother and daughter who are seduced at the same time in different rooms as they get a massage. Then they are eventually brought together for more fun and games. Please remember that this is fiction as the story contains no holds barred sex including incest.

INTRODUCTION

Joy and Jim Swanson had been married 25 years and they had a 22 year old daughter named Dana. Jim was President of the local bank and he spent many hours at the office. He actually spent more hours there then need be but that was because of his young cute female assistant with the great body. Joy suspected that her husband was having an affair but she couldn't prove it. Jim was very discreet and when in town he only had sex in his office with his assistant Rachel when everyone had left the building. 

Dana had recently graduated from college with a degree in psychology, which was virtually useless in the job market. Dana planned to attend graduate school and then eventually get her doctorate in clinical psychology. Dana lived at home and worked part time in order to save money for grad school. Dana wasn't what you would call a pretty girl but she was not offensive to eye either. She had curly brown hair with a somewhat odd figure. Dana was almost flat chested but she had nice looking legs and an ass that wouldn't quit. She stood at 5'6" and weighed 120 pounds with a 33-22-37 figure. During her fours years of college her ass got a lot of attention. The guys were always trying to butt fuck her and they were always brushing up against her bottom in school. Although not a virgin, Dana managed to graduate without giving up her ass.

At the age of 44 Joy looked good. She too had a shapely bottom and nice legs. However she also had full breast that topped off her 36-26-36 figure. Joy worked part time at a health club and she took advantage of the facilities to stay in shape. While she was home from school, Dana also worked out at the same health club. Joy was somewhat of an aloof person which did not sit well with some of her colleagues at the health club. One woman in particular despised Joy and her daughter Dana. In spite of her disdain for Joy, Beth never showed her feelings visibly. However, Beth was a conniving person and she was working on a plan to humiliate Joy and Dana.

Beth had a friend who worked at an exotic and erotic spa. People going to that spa could have a simple massage, full body treatment or they could have a sexual encounter with the staff. The spa was open to all sexual preferences whether straight, gay or bisexual. Beth worked it out with her friend Sandy at the spa to give Joy and her daughter a special massage. Beth got two free passes from her friend for introductory massage treatments. Joy was thrilled that Beth had thought of her and her daughter as they had never had a professional massage.

JOY'S MASSAGE SESSION

Joy and Dana arrived at the spa for their massage and they were told to change in the locker room, put on a robe and sit in the waiting room. Joy and Dana were dressed in full length robes that covered their entire bodies. A very pretty tall blonde girl came into the waiting area wearing very short tight white shorts and a white t-shirt. Joy guessed her to be almost six feet tall. She had long tan shapely legs that ended at a very shapely ass. Her breasts were pert and firm with her nipples poking through the material of her shirt. She picked up a card and turned toward Joy and spoke.

"Joy" she said with a sexy smile, "I'm your masseuse Sandy, follow me please." Then looking at Dana she added, "Your masseuse will be Belinda and she will be with you shortly."

She led Joy to the massage room and Joy felt her loins tingle as she walked behind the blonde beauty and watched the roll of her curvy firm ass. Sandy led Joy into a room where she handed her a towel and told her to remove the robe and make her self comfortable on the table. Then she left the room. Joy took off her robe and looked at her naked body in the mirror. She was pleased with what she saw as she worked hard to keep her figure. She then laid face down on the massage table and covered her buttocks with the towel as she awaited her first professional massage. When Sandy returned she set out many different bottles of lotions and oils. 

Sandy poured a hand full of massage oil and began with Joy's neck and shoulders. Joy was inJimtly relaxed by Sandy's touch and she closed her eyes and let out a relaxing sigh. Sandy was very good at her job. After giving a considerable amount of attention to Joy's shoulders she continued slowly downward to Joy's sides and lower back. Then ignoring the towel that was over Joy's buttocks, Sandy slid her hands underneath it and firmly massaged Joy's ass. Joy flinched at first but then she relaxed in fact it felt good. After a moment Sandy removed the towel and tossed it aside.

"Do you mind? These towels just get in the way," Sandy asked.

"No not at all," Joy replied trying to sound confident

Then Sandy slid her warm oily hands down between Joy's thighs and Joy felt the edge of Sandy's fingers briefly brush against her pussy. Joy tensed up a little and gave a short, almost silent gasp. 

"Oh sorry, I see you're a little sensitive there," Sandy said and then continued down to the backs of Joy's knees. 

"Well it did tickle and you caught me by surprise," Joy answered with a giggle again trying to sound as if she was unperturbed. 

Sandy gave a subtle laugh as she gently bent Joy's leg to massage her ankles and feet. Joy wondered if Sandy realized what she had done and wondered if she meant to do it. Until then her doctor was the only woman who had ever touched Joy. Joy though that it felt good and she wondered if Sandy would do it again. Sandy applied more oil to Joy's feet as she carefully massaged the soles and between each of Joy's toes. Then Sandy worked her way back up the inside of Joy's legs until she reached the same spot as before. Again Joy felt the edge of Sandy's fingers brush against her pussy. Joy instinctively parted her thighs slightly giving Sandy's hands more room to work. But to Joy's disappointment, Sandy didn't seem to notice and she moved upward eventually back to Joy's shoulders.

"Okay, you can turn over now," Sandy said as she walked over to table to the lotions. 

Joy was now lying face up bare breasted and her nipples were a bit stiff from the cool air. Joy raised her head and looked down to see her bare pubic mound and pussy lips peeking out between her thighs. She felt a little on display, but she was a little turned on as well. 

"Are you okay? Do you want the towel back? Sandy asked.

"I'm okay," Joy sighed and then laid her head back on the table.

Sandy returned to the massage table and stood behind Joy's head. She started rubbing Joy's temples then moved her hands down over Joy's neck and chest. Sandy applied more oil to Joy's breasts and massaged them softly at first then she increased the pressure little by little. Sandy seemed to be focused on Joy's nipples, which aroused Joy even more than the brief encounter between her legs. Joy began breathing heavier as her nipples grew harder. 

"You have nice tits Joy," Sandy said as she rolled the nipples in her fingers.

Joy just groaned softly and pushed her chest up harder into Sandy's hands. As Sandy leaned over Joy her firm breasts were just above Joy's face. Joy not knowing why reached up and squeezed them gently. Joy could feel Sandy's hard nipples poking out through the tee shirt. That was the sign that Sandy had been waiting for, Sandy smiled and then she pinched Joy's nipples. Sandy then lowered her mouth and met Joy's breast. Sandy's warm tongue circled around the swollen areola and Joy felt Sandy's hand slide down over her stomach and between her legs. Sandy's oily fingers found Joy's clit and gently stroked it before she slipped a finger inside Joy's pussy. Joy was already sopping wet and welcomed Sandy's penetrating touch. 

Joy gasped in surprise and the moaned loudly as Sandy's finger slid between Joy's nether lips and wormed its way deep inside. Sandy then pushed her thumb back into Joy's pussy and held her in a bowling grip. Joy's vaginal and anal muscles tightened around Sandy's finger and thumb as she slowly pushed them in and out. Sandy's mouth moved from one of Joy's nipples to the other, back and forth, nibbling, sucking and licking. Joy was in a euphoric state as she engaged in her first lesbian encounter. Joy blamed it on her husband and the way he had neglected her recently.

Sandy removed her thumb and finger from Joy's pussy and asshole. They she pushed two fingers into Joy's overheated twat. Sandy then slipped her fingers out of Joy and slowly rubbed her hand back up over Joy's stomach and between Joy's tits. Joy watched as Sandy stuck the two fingers into her mouth and sucked Joy's juices from them. Sandy closed her eyes as she savored the taste of her latest conquest. 

Sandy walked around to the foot of the table where she pulled Joy's body down until her buttocks were at the edge. Sandy then leaned down between Joy's parted legs and licked and kissed slowly up Joy's inner thighs. Sandy's hot mouth eventually met Joy's clit and Joy moaned as Sandy sucked it and tongued it. Sandy spread Joy's legs further apart and tweaked her nipples while Sandy's tongue explored Joy's slit. She inserted her fingers in Joy's pussy again. Joy pulled her knees up to her chest allowing Sandy to push deeper inside her. Joy's legs began to tremble as Sandy licked harder and faster. Sandy's fingers probed Joy's g-spot and Joy could feel the orgasm rising in her. Joy's whole body tensed up and she ground her pussy against Sandy's fingers and mouth. Sandy sucked Joy's clit tight into her lips and vigorously flicked her tongue over it. Sandy's fingers pumped in and out of Joy's wet cunt and finally Joy climaxed. Joy's body convulsed, her voice shook in half screams and went silent at times when she couldn't seem to make noise. Joy gripped the massage table and held it for the duration of her seemingly endless crescendo.

Sandy's tongue traveled upward and met with Joy's tits again. She nibbled each of Joy's little pink buttons sending waves electricity through her still quivering body. Sandy wet her finger in Joy's pussy and held it to her lips so Joy could taste herself. 

"You seem to like that," Sandy said and then asked. "Would you like to taste me?"

Joy snapped back to reality. What had she done? Why had she allowed this strange woman to seduce her? Joy knew she had to get out of there. She was humiliated and embarrassed and the nerve of Sandy to ask her to reciprocate. Joy leaped off the table and pulled the robe on over her naked body. 

"I most certainly would not like to taste you," Joy stammered and then dashed from the massage room.

Joy rushed back to the locker room where she got dressed and then she waited in the lounge area for her daughter. Joy was embarrassed and she blushed continually while she waited for her daughter. She only hoped that Dana was spared the humiliating session that Joy just had.

DANA'S MASSAGE SESSION

Dana was led to the massage room by a very pretty girl named Belinda. Belinda had gorgeous blonde hair that she wore down to her shoulders. Her hazel eyes seemed cat like and she looked as if she were ready to leap on you. She stood at 5'7" and she possessed a rock hard 35-23-35 figure. Her tits were firm and stood out proudly from her chest. Her ass was marvelous and as hard as her abs. Her legs although muscular were shapely and attractive. When they arrived at the massage room Belinda gave Dana instructions.

Take off your clothes Dana and lay down on the massage table. Here is a towel to cover you," Belinda instructed.

Dana quickly disrobed and got on the table face down. Then a young man entered the room and Dana was surprised but she was pleased as she liked what she saw. Dana was more promiscuous than her parents knew and she missed her steady dose of cock that she had at college. Dana wondered if Belinda and young stud might take liberties with her. Dana actually hoped that they would as she was horny and she had heard that some massage parlors offered more than the massage. 

"This is Aaron. He is one of our interns and he will be assisting me with the massage today. Are you comfortable with that?" Belinda asked.

Dana not wanting to appear prudish replied," Yes that's fine," as she checked out the handsome young stud.

Dana actually felt better with the towel covering her body. Satisfied that she was ready Aaron began to massage her back. Dana's spine felt like jelly as his strong hands moved over her back. Aaron then moved to Dana's feet surprising her. He spread her legs slightly and slowly massaged his way up each calf, pressing and prodding at certain areas where he felt tenseness and deep massaging the larger muscles of her calves. Aaron then reached her knees and pushed them about a foot apart. He massaged the back of her knees in a similar manner until he reached her thighs. 

As he was working on the large muscles at the top of her thighs, Dana felt his finger tips occasionally gently caress her outer labia. Dana was so relaxed form the work Aaron did on her legs that her only reaction was a slight gasp each time Aaron touched her. Dana raised her head to see Belinda's reaction to the intern's advances. Belinda had a smile on her face and gave Dana a wink. Aaron proceeded to slide his hands under the towel and massage Dana's buttocks and then helped her to roll onto her back. 

Aaron continued the massage at her head and face and then moved to her shoulders. Then he moved to the side of the table and Dana noticed that his cock was erect in his white shorts. Aaron continued with the massage and ignored her continuous glances at his crotch and his condition. Then Aaron let his hands move under the towel finding Dana's small firm breasts. As he gently massaged her tiny breasts, her nipples rose until they stood out like pencil erasers and pushed through the towel covering her body. Aaron took her nipples between his thumb and forefinger. He rolled and gently pulled on them as if this was the most natural thing in the world, drawing gasps of delight from Dana. 

Dana's tits were very sensitive and she moaned softly as Aaron continued to massage them and tweak her nipples. The boys that Dana dated never paid enough attention to her tits and it drove her crazy that they didn't. But now she enjoyed Aaron's fondling and she felt her body getting hot from the titillation. Aaron didn't show any outward signs of noticing Dana's reaction but his cock throbbed in his shorts. Dana again glanced at Belinda who still had a smile on her face. Dana noticed that Belinda's nipples had swollen and were visible through her tube top.

Belinda then moved closer to the massage table and began to massage Dana's thighs. Dana loved the soft feel of Belinda's hands as Aaron continued to stimulate her nipples. Dana flinched when she felt Belinda's hand brush against her vulva. It felt like a mild electric charge had run through her body. Belinda continued to massage Dana's front and inner thighs and each time her hand dipped between Dana's thighs it brushed against Dana's pussy. 

Then Belinda allowed the towel to slip from Dana's body and land on the floor. Belinda kicked the towel under the massage table as she stared at Dana's youthful body. Aaron also stared at the pretty Dana in her naked glory. Goose bumps covered Dana's body not because she was cold but because she was excited and in a desirous state. Dana's eyes followed Belinda's toward Aaron who had peeled his shorts down just below his scrotum. Dana stared at his erect cock and bloated balls and it looked huge. Certainly bigger than any cock she ever had.

As Aaron massaged Dana's breasts, Belinda massaged Dana's stomach just above her small tuft of pubic hair. Then Aaron left her breasts and moved back to Dana's feet and legs. Belinda continued massaging Dana's stomach allowing one finger to innocently pass over Dana's swollen outer labia. Dana watched as Aaron's rigid cock bobbed in front of him as he walked to the end of the table. It was obvious that Aaron was proud of his manhood.

Aaron gave Dana the most incredibly sensuous foot and toe massage ever. He worked her individual toes, the sensitive soles of her feet and her heels and ankles. Between Belinda and Aaron they had Dana squirming on the table as Dana felt the sexual tension build within her. Dana just lay there with her eyes closed as she was putty in their skilled hands. Aaron then turned his attention to Dana's legs and with a mixture of strong probing at her larger muscles and gentle stroking of the sensitive areas of her skin he gave her a truly memorable massage. By the time Aaron reached the top of Dana's thighs, she was so turned on that she could feel her juices wetting her pussy. 

Aaron quietly asked, "Do want us to take it further from here?"

Dana opened her eyes and noticed that Belinda had stripped and was watching intently. "It is your call Dana," Belinda added.

Dana looked back at Aaron who was also totally naked now. Dana was totally captivated with Belinda's naked beauty and Aaron's fully erect cock. Dana was so incredibly turned on and in need of an orgasm she nodded her head and said in a raspy voice, "Yes, please." 

Aaron gently pulled Dana down the massage table toward him. He then raised and flexed her knees pushing her feet close to her bottom. Dana knew that he had a perfect view of her dripping wet pussy. Aaron parted her thighs a little more which exposed Dana's sweet pussy even more. Slowly Aaron ran his hands along the sensitive inner skin of Dana's legs to the top of her thighs and then with the thumb and one finger of each hand he began to massage her outer labia. The sensation was fantastic and Dana began to pant as she felt her orgasm rapidly approaching. Dana was surprised and gasped aloud when Belinda placed a kiss on Dana's breast and then took the nipple into her mouth.

Aaron had separated Dana's outer lips. One hand had found her clit and he was gently rubbing and tweaking it. After a couple of minutes of that Dana finally exploded into a climax and came with a huge moan. Her body lifted off of the table with a thrashing of my buttocks and then crashed back down. Aaron rubbed Dana's clit gently until her orgasm subsided. Then he resumed tweaking her clit and began to push a finger of his other hand into her love canal. As Aaron slowly fingered Dana she came again although not so violently this time. Aaron then moved his head down and replaced his hand manipulating Dana's clit with his mouth. He inserted first one and then two more fingers into Dana's young cunt. Dana had another full orgasm and Aaron had trouble keeping his mouth on Dana's pussy as she bucked violently. Belinda was also having trouble keeping her mouth on Dana's tiny breast and a hold on her nipple.

As Belinda was now Jimding beside her, Dana reached for Belinda's pussy and gently inserted a finger in the blonde's cunt. It was the first time that Dana had ever touched a pussy other than her own. Belinda moved closer to the table and Dana twisted her head toward Belinda and was able to place a kiss on Belinda's pussy and breathe in her womanly scent. Belinda responded with a soft moan. Dana had surprised herself by kissing Belinda's pussy but she knew it was only the start of things to come. Belinda climbed onto the table and settled her pussy onto Dana's face. 
