 Eleven thirty-eight in the morning. That was the time I saw on the small digital clock sitting askew on the antique wood and gold nightstand. The room was still somewhat dark due to the thick champagne embroidered velvet curtains, but there were some rays of sun peeking in through the small openings, affording me some light to get a bearing on my surroundings. 

The three of us were spread out over the king size bed. Pillows and blankets were both thrown haphazardly along with all of our clothes around the room in various messy piles, the only thing covering our naked bodies was the lone cream silk sheet left on the bed and our various limbs. 

After my mind finally began to wake up, I found myself on my stomach in between both of them with one of his hands laying warmly on the middle of my back, the sound of light breathing tickling my ear. I smiled as I turned to my side, my body twinging at the slight soreness and my smile turned into a large grin at the tiny reminder my mind conjured up for me of our wild and crazy sex-filled evening; her beautiful moans as she came just from my tongue fluttering over her delicious pussy.

Speaking of her, there she was laying on her back, her tousled brown locks splayed over the beige pillow and her breasts were moving up and down with her erratic breathing. She turned her head to me and went to speak, but I signaled her to stay quiet as I nimbly crawled on top of her, giving her a passionate good morning kiss. "Let's wake him up properly," I whispered in her ear as my nose caught the faint scent of the sweet orange blossom oil she was wearing last night. Her breathing hitched as my hand traveled down her stomach to her pussy, finding it swollen and wet. "What were you thinking of, honey?"

"You...eating me out. I've never been with another woman."

I moaned as my tongue licked her neck. "Did you like your first experience?"

"I want more," She said and sighed as I began to trace her slit with my finger. "Please."

I nibbled on her neck and heard her sweet little whimpers as I moved my head and looked down at her. "Were you playing with yourself before I woke up?"

She nodded, blushing at being caught and causing me to clench my throbbing pussy. "I can't stop thinking of last night. It was honestly the best night of my life."

I slowly circled my finger around her hard clit and smiled as I watched her bite her full lip, clenching her brown eyes shut as a wave of pleasure shot through her soft curvy body. "I will have you again...but first we need to wake him up. Is that okay?"

"Okay," She whimpered again at the loss of contact from my fingers.

Sliding my finger in my mouth, I savored her sweet juices as they dripped down my throat and I forced myself not to moan so as not to wake him up. It was already getting much too hard not to say 'fuck it' and bury my face into to her delicious pussy, savoring her once more. "I need to taste you again," I sighed.

Those beautiful lips turned into a sly grin. "So do I."

I lightly grabbed her face, my thumbs grazing her flushed cheeks and kissed her as one of my thighs moved between her long legs. She had the same idea as she did the same thing, both of us grinding into each other, tongues dancing a passionate dance as we tried desperately not to make a noise.

"Shit...okay...we need to stop," I pulled away and giggled.

She quietly laughed into my ear and licked it, biting the shell right above one of the diamond studs he gave me as a birthday gift. "Let's go wake him up and then we can have some more fun."

I begrudgingly climbed off of her, smirking as I quickly ran my finger up her slit and saw her cover her mouth with her hand, hearing the faint sound of a moan. Licking my finger, I winked at her and saw her body shiver as I said, "Too good not to steal another taste. Just to tide me over."

Taking a slight detour to open the curtains, I saw the gorgeous view that was visible from every angle due to location and there being no other buildings as high as our suite on the 36th floor. A wide grin spread across my face as I walked back to the bed, a pure endorphin rush oozing through my body at being completely naked to the world and not having a single building in the vicinity to see me.

Both of us crawled on either side of him and saw he was laying on his back, his cock already half hard. The low hum of the room's central air turning on was heard just as we leaned down and licked long and slow strokes up his cock, my hand moving to grab the base. Our tongues and lips worked together, teasing his cock to life by swirling our tongues around the head, dragging up the underside and even slowly sucking his balls when we finally heard the low, almost animalistic groan escape from his lips.

Looking up at him, I saw his dark eyes peeking through hooded lids as his hands moved down to lightly grab our heads and guide us while threading his fingers firmly though our hair. "Mmm yes...fuck keep going."

"Sorry we woke you baby but it's already 11:30," I said in my most saccharine sweet voice as I licked up the underside of his cock and saw him twitch at the pleasure. "We were getting a little impatient waiting for you to wake up."

"That seemed like a pretty weak apology sweetheart," He chuckled roughly with another groan escaping his lips as she slid her mouth down his cock and bobbed it up and down. "Oh shit that tongue piercing feels so amazing."

"Doesn't it? I'm still feeling it on my clit," I sighed and caressed her hair, watching her go down on him. His hand trailed down from my ass to my wet pussy, pulling my attention away from her as I stood up on my knees to give him a good morning kiss.

He playfully bit my lower lip as he moved to my ear and in a teasing voice whispered, "You two had some fun this morning?"

"Might've gotten a little carried away. Are you mad?"

"Not at all, but if this does continue, we should discuss some rules and boundaries. Just so no one gets the wrong idea."

"Over breakfast. Right now I'm way too horny and won't be able to think straight," I softly laughed which quickly turned into a moan as his hand began to caress my pussy.

"Does it turn you on to watch her blow me?" He whispered, voice still rough from sleep.

My hand ran up and down his chest and stomach, fingernails tracing the hard ridges of his delectable toned body. "Yes it does...immensely."

His fingers threaded through her hair, guiding her gently as my eyes intently watched his cock slide in and out of her mouth, full lips swollen and her tongue dragging along the underside of his cock, a little peek of that silver ball teasing both of us into madness. "I loved watching her eat you out as you moaned so sweetly and your body writhed all over this bed. The two of you looked so fucking good together, I'm surprised I held out so long."

"I want to watch her ride you again," I gasped as his fingers rubbed my swollen clit and nibbled on my neck in that spot that drives me absolutely insane. "I don't think I've seen anything so fucking hot in my life."

Her mouth left his cock with a pop and she licked her lips as she got up onto her knees in front of me. Leaning in for a kiss, her tongue slipped into my mouth and gave me a taste of his delicious pre-cum, making both of us moan into each other's mouth.

The sound of the housekeeping staff starting their round was faintly heard through the standard hotel room door, but I could've cared less as two of her long fingers slid deep inside me, slowly slipping in and out of me. "Oh my...are you sure you've never been with another woman?" I moaned.

"I'm a fast learner," she said as she pulled her finger out and slid it between his lips as he laid back on the bed and helped her straddle him. 

His cock was fully hard and teasing along her clit as he grabbed her ass in his large hand and smacked it, her moans mixing with mine as I remembered all the times he's done the same to me. My hand slid down my stomach, rubbing my wet pussy and staring as he pushed inside of her, the sounds she made causing me to bite my lip. "Sit on my face, sweetheart." He groaned.

Both of them helped me to straddle his face as I heard housekeeping knock twice on our door, leaving when they don't hear a response. If only they knew what was going on behind the closed door. My hands moved to knead her plump breasts, thumbing over her hard nipples and moaning when both his tongue dragged over my clit and her lips found mine.

Moans and groans mixed with the everyday sounds of the city such as the traffic below, an airplane far off in the clouds and people moving about outside our suite, eager to start their day. None of that was noticed by us though as we drifted off into our own little fantasy world, fueled purely by our our passion for each other and our increasingly desperate need to find our nirvana.

"Oh fuck baby. You're mouth feels so good," I moaned to him, my hips rolling over his tongue and mouth, panting as he sucked on my clit and pushed his tongue in my dripping hole.

Her hands caressed over my body, her fingers dragging over the sapphire belly button ring he gave me and then back up to my breasts as she rode him, those damn hips rolling in an intoxicating roll, almost as if she was putting on a private show. "Holy...shit I've never felt so full."

"That's it honey," I moaned as my hand moved down to her clit, stroking it in sync with her grinding. "Ride him, make him feel good, find your climax."

I cried out and massaged my breasts with my other hand, panting as his tongue fluttered over my clit and two of his fingers pushed inside of me. Those long and thick fingers curling in just the right spot, causing me to double over in pleasure with her catching me as we both kissed, moaning into each other's mouth and hands feeling our bodies, connecting on such an intense sexual level.

Then it happened. The groans and moans got louder, bodies began to shake, hips grinding faster and hands moving at a frenzied pace, all to achieve what we all desired most, that delicious orgasm.

Our bodies collapsed on the bed, completely and utterly spent from our intense release. Ragged breaths and soft laughter echoed throughout the room as the sweat on our bodies cooled with the feel of the chilled air tickling our heated skin. We spent the rest of the day in that bed as we partook in the luxury hotel's delicious food, sleeping and of course savoring as much as we could of each other, both physical and otherwise. 

In all of the commotion of last night and this morning, we unfortunately never asked for her name. I don't know if we'll ever see her again to get it...but honey was definitely the perfect pet name.