 Many thanks to Rosietheripper for reading an earlier graft and giving constructive criticism on pacing and characters. 

This short story is 6500 words. Any errors are my own! Please enjoy and feedback.

Love Ellery x

~~~~~~~~~~

I woke up cocooned in a duvet, to the unfamiliar thrum of light traffic, and the all too familiar thump of a headache. I tried not to move, hoping the pain would go away. I needed water, and more than that I needed a good hard shag. Fuck, I was horny. This happened every time I had a hangover. I peeled back the duvet and, squinting in the sunlight streaming through the uncovered window, I made out the massive self-portrait of Diane, my sister, painted and hung up on the wall in her guest bedroom. So that's where I was. Edinburgh!

Last night I had come down to party with old school friends. I was really looking forward to it, but it turned out awful, sitting round smoking weed and them bitching about other people from school. I bet they did that to me when I wasn't there. Before I arrived, I felt guilty about not staying at their flat. Now I was glad I had agreed to stay with Diane but wished I hadn't bothered travelling and stayed at home.

My night out in Scotland's capital city revealed itself to me in embarrassing snatches. Walking home and falling into that small rock club around the corner from Diane's flat. Too many Sambucas and snogging some hairy bloke on the dance floor. Flashing my tits at a taxi who drove right past me. Staggering round the corner, finding Diane's flat and realising I didn't need a taxi anyway! I had no recollection of getting into bed, so I must have blacked out. Again! 

mouth was dry, my skin was hyper sensitive, and I could not hold on to any thought for more than a few seconds before my mind was filled with images of me sucking and fucking. Had I been very naughty last night? It didn't feel like it, but my pussy was slick, and my fingers slipped in all too easily. How could my throat be so dry when my pussy was so wet? 

I could hear Diane padding softly around the flat. To my delicate ears she sounded like a herd of wildebeest charging through my bedroom. Then Diane's dainty frame appeared round the door.

"Hey sis. I'm going to the gym. I'll pop into the bakers for croissants on the way back home and we can have breakfast together. You can tell me about your wild night."

Diane was lithe, strong and full of energy. She was obviously working out a lot. I was blessed with the same physique but being four years younger I still had some puppy fat, or more likely the ill-gotten gains of drinking too much and an unhealthy student lifestyle. Still, I had bigger boobs. 

I wondered where she kept her dildos. When she lived at home she used to have quite the stash and I couldn't see her chucking them out. Instead of asking where her dildos were, I asked what time it was.

"Half past seven." "Is barely morning. Let me sleep," I whimpered and closed my eyes. Another vision of the night before flashed through my brain. I let out a pathetic groan. Standing outside on the street, trying to find the flat keys and instead finding Diane's next-door neighbour. Him helping me get safely inside and up the stairs. Me trying to snog him. Then throwing a punch at him. Why did I do that? I curled into the duvet and cringed.

"This is the best part of the day," Diane said, patting the duvet. 

"Whatever you say, " I mumbled. Once she was out the door I could hunt for her dildos. "See you later. How long will you be?" I asked, rubbing my thighs together and hoping she would be away for at least an hour.

"Two hours. I'm going to go now before the traffic gets busy."

Two hours! That was plenty of time even with a hangover. "Good idea. See you when you get back."

I listened to her put on her jacket, clatter about in the kitchen and pick up her house keys. The front door opened and slammed shut, the noise sending a shudder down my spine. I lay still, listening for any sign of her coming back into the flat.

Alone!

Slowly, I got out of bed, my head still thumping. I threw on the silk bathrobe hanging on the back of the bedroom door and padded up the hall to the bathroom, a stunning creation with stone steps leading up to a sunken tub, freestanding taps and shower head, all set into a large alcove window with views of the manicured private gardens of the New Town and the city beyond. Such was my state of mind I didn't take much notice. I turned on the hot tap then raked around in the medicine cabinet for some tablets. I found paracetamol and necked a couple with water. I checked the bath water was hot, put the plug in and left it to fill up. 

I wandered through Diane's flat. In her dressing room there was everything from expensive haute couture, cheap supermarket gear, weird and wonderful second-hand gear and some items she had created herself. I raked through the drawers but found not one silicon, glass or steel object that I could use to get myself off. I could use my fingers, but I knew somewhere Diane would have something new and nasty that would give me a different experience. A butt plug maybe. Or a clit clamp. I desperately needed something to help make me come!

Things got more interesting when I found Diane's stash of sexy clothing. At home I had a couple of revealing skirts and tops but nothing like this. There were crotchless panties, latex corsets, rubber leggings, fishnet body stockings and all manner of skirts and dresses that were see through or had more holes than material. My brain could barely comprehend what I had found yet my body was turned on by the sight and the feel of all these sexy clothes. What the fuck did Diane do with her days that she had time to buy and wear it all? 

Next I found a wardrobe full of dressing up clothes; nurses, teachers, schoolgirls, police officers, all manner of superhero costumes and Disney princess outfits. The outfits were all latex, lace or silk and left very little to the imagination. Maybe she was working as a strippogram. In the last wardrobe I found bondage gear; blindfolds, collars, cuffs and other restraints, ball gags, leather masks, nipple clamps, paddles, riding crops and whips. Having never seen these kinds of things up close, my whole body shivered as I examined each item and wondered how and when Diane used them. I tried on a leather hood. I was immediately plunged into complete darkness although there was a hole for my mouth to breathe through and, examining the outside of the hood with my fingers, I realised the hole was the perfect shape for a hard cock. The sensory deprivation was great for my hangover but I got spooked at the thought of what it was for and who might have used it. I ripped it off my head and threw it back in the cupboard. I walked through to Diane's bedroom, giggling to myself over what I had found, my head full of images of my sister as a dominatrix. Surely not, Diane!

In her room, in a chest of drawers, I found them. Obvious place! Why did I not look here first? There were vibrators, dildos, butt plugs, anal beads, love eggs and other things I did not recognise but made my eyes water and my heart thump. I picked out a small, pale blue, glass butt plug. I imagined Diane on all fours on her bed, sucking on it to make it wet then pushing it into her arse. Nervously, I put it up to my mouth and slowly licked it. What places have you been, little blue, I wondered. I grabbed some lube, lay down on the bed and inserted it into my arse. 

I felt dirty and sexy, lying there playing with my perineum and tits, when my eyes were drawn to a strange U-shaped purple dildo. One end was the classic anatomical dildo, about six inches in length and the other end was a ribbed bulb. Curious and trembling with anticipation, I took it with me back to the bathroom to check the water in the bath. It was nearly half full and steaming hot, so I reduced the hot tap flow and turned on the cold tap a trickle, checking the water every few seconds until I was happy with the temperature. Still holding the dildo, I let the bathrobe drop from my shoulders and in the steaming room I let my skin tingle in the wet heat as rivulets of sweat began to run down my body. The tablets I'd taken must have worked as I realised my pounding headache had lifted leaving a residual fuzziness.

In the mirrored wall, heated of course to stop condensation, I caught sight of my skin glistening with beads of sweat. My heart rate increased in anticipation of the masturbation I was desperate to indulge in. I absently caressed the curls of trimmed wiry hair between my thighs. I sat on the step, the hard floor pushing the butt plug further into my arse, closed my eyes, opened my legs and touched my hot, slick moistness. 

Thud! Thud Thud!

"Shit!" Someone was knocking at the front door. "She must have forgotten something," I thought, assuming Diane was back already. I threw the bathrobe back on.

"Coming," I shouted, hurrying to the door then remembering Diane had picked up her keys before she left so it probably was not her. In the hallway I realised I still had the dildo in my hand. I flung it through the open living room door onto the sofa, then slowly opened the door enough to poke my head round. "Hello..."

At the door was a young couple, probably Diane's age, mid-twenties. They walked in, straight past me and headed for the kitchen, leaving me holding the door like a lemon.

"Is Diane in?" said the man. 

"She's not... Who the fuck are you?" I called after them. I caught sight of myself in a mirror on the wall inside the door. The bathrobe I was wearing barely covered my bum.

"Perfect timing!" 

"What do you mean? I asked. "Do you think you could get out please. I'm about to take a bath." I pulled the bathrobe tight round my chest and stood where I was, next to the open door.

"You're her sister, right."

"Yes, who the fuck are you?"

"You look just like her." He looked at me with a wolfish grin, drinking in my curves. "Very cute, wouldn't you say, Cindy?"

The woman, who had disappeared into the kitchen, reappeared behind the man. She swung an arm around his neck and over his shoulder and, hanging off him, she caressed his chest while she gazed at me in a dreamlike state. I looked back at her, trying not to salivate. She was a tall, striking blonde wearing pigtails, a black leather jacket, leather boots and denim cut-offs. Sexy as fuck, she looked like she bought her clothes from the same place as Diane. Eventually she spoke, a soft Scottish burr. "I'd fuck her."

I'm sure my face turned crimson. My sphincter tightened round the glass bulb I had inserted, and even though they couldn't see my arse I felt they must know I had inserted a butt plug. I pretended I had not heard her comment. "Diane's not here," I said, stupidly.

"But you are. We came to see you," said the man.

"What do you mean?"

"She told us to come round and..."

"Give you a good seeing to!" finished the blonde. "Those were the words she used, weren't they, Jason?" He nodded in agreement as her hand made its way down his midriff, fingers edging inside the waistband of his trousers.

I gave him the once over. He had a mop of sandy blonde hair and a swimmer's physique. I could imagine him on a surfboard, but he was clean-shaven and the rest of his clothes suggested something more genteel, like horse riding. He was wearing a white and pink checked cotton twill shirt under an olive tailored blazer and brown brogue-type walking boots. His nails were manicured. A typical Edinburgh posh boy. Inside his tweed trousers was the unmistakable, straining bulge of man meat and, boy, was I hungry.

My heart has going like the clappers but I was rooted to the spot, unable to move. I must have looked a picture.

"We know all about you," said the woman. "No boyfriend for over a year. Always borrowing Diane's clothes. You borrow her toys when you're feeling horny." My face must have turned into 'The Scream' by Edvard Munch. "It's alright Angela. I'm always horny." She now had her hand, around the man's shaft, inside his trousers.

"And you always feel horny after a night out drinking, like last night," said Jason, now shamelessly feeling up the back of her skirt. "Have you found yourself something to play with this morning?"

I involuntarily nodded, and I must have glanced towards the living room.

"In here is it?" Cindy expertly extricated her hand from down Jason's trousers and strode into the living room. I swung the front door shut and followed her to where I saw her pick up the dildo I'd thrown onto the sofa.

"You must have known we were coming. You are all prepared," she smirked.

My face told them I had no idea I was expecting guests. 

"You used this kind of double dildo before?" So that's what it was! I shook my head. "They are great fun. Much better with two." She came towards me, holding the dildo at her crotch. "Or three!" she nodded over to Jason. Standing close to me, she used the long end of the dildo to open my bath robe. "Let's see what we have here." She ran the dildo down from between my breasts -- "Awesome tits," she said -- to between my legs and nudged it against my dripping wet pussy lips which willingly parted. "I'm Cindy. This is Jason."

"I figured that much." I turned to see Jason was standing in the doorway with his hands down at his sides and his cock unleashed from his tweeds and standing fully erect. I moved against the dildo. "But who are you?"

"We work with Diane. We make porn films with her, among other things." Jason made his way over to the television.

"Porn? Diane makes porn? I don't believe it!" I said, although it made complete sense and explained the vast array of sex gear she had amassed. I pushed against the dildo and looked down to see the tip disappear into my pussy. I was inches away from Cindy, my naked breasts almost touching her leather-clad beauties.

"Not just any porn. This is top quality, niche, arthouse porn," said Jason.

"We're more of a sex collective." 

"A sex collective?" I said, incredulously. "I... I thought you were all art students." I stroked Cindy's face. 

"We are, or were. Now we use those skills to make the best fucking porno films ever. We do it for art," said Cindy.

"So, this is art is it?"

"No! This..." said Cindy, pushing the dildo further into me, "This is fucking!"

"And this is art," said Jason, pressing buttons on the TV remote and nodding to the television "Like I said, the best pornos ever made. And look, there's big sister making her debut."

"You might want to sit down for this," said Cindy, gently guiding me onto the sofa.

The film started with an establishing shot of Edinburgh, from Arthur's Seat and Calton Hill to the castle, the New Town and out to the Forth. That cut to a high angle shot of Edinburgh's High Street that runs from the castle down to the parliament building and Hollyrood. The shot slowly zoomed in to show a figure running down the High Street. That figure was Diane, wearing a running best top, Lyra shorts, pop socks and running shoes. The camera lingered on her jogging down the busy tourist street before shifting focus onto another jogger, male this time, who was further back than Diane but who was gaining fast. It became obvious they were racing each other as they dodged tourists, cars and buses. I recognized the male jogger as Simon, Diane's boyfriend, who overtook Diane then burst into a sprint and ran up the steps of the Dynamic Earth visitor attraction but was caught at the last second by Diane who reached the top at the same time and who, laughing and gasping for air, slapped him on the bum and said, "looks like level pegging". Simon grabbed my sister and pulled her to him, smacking her arse and giving her a lingering snog.

The title appeared over the snogging couple. Level Pegging. "What the fuck is this?" I said.

The film cut to the bedroom I had slept in, with the big canvas of Diane on the wall. Oh! My! God!

On screen, Diane was kneeling on the bed, panting and smiling broadly. She was wearing the same running gear, now more clearly saturated with sweat; the wet cotton moulded round the outline of her dark nipples and pert breasts. If she had been wearing a sports bra when running it had been discarded. She caught her breath and spoke. "So, we've... we've done the Royal Mile. Now it's your turn to do me."

Diane leaned into the camera. She was looking directly at the lens. With her fingers she slowly circled her breasts and slipped one hand into her shorts. She touched herself. Her eyes closed, and her brow furrowed. She gasped. She slowly removed her hand and opened her eyes. With her index finger she beckoned Simon onto the bed before parting her dark red lips and tasting the juices on her finger.

Simon, wearing only running shorts, climbed onto the bed and knelt at the side of Diane so his crotch was in line with her face. The camera lingered on his naked torso, muscled and tattooed. His shorts bulged; the tip of his manhood visibly straining at the waistband. Diane pulled down his shorts and an impressively proportioned cock sprung to attention. Simon was a bit of a hunk. "Lucky bitch," I thought. Diane looked up at Simon momentarily but when she started to caress his erection she again looked directly into the camera lens with eyes at once innocent yet so wanton and full of lust, it would take a cruel heart to not fall for her. I mean, I was her sister and at that moment I would have fucked her.

I sat glued to the screen as Diane expertly took the bulbous cockhead between her lips and licked and nibbled it while firmly stroking the shaft. Watching her take it deeper into her mouth, their moans faded into the background as blood rushed to my head. The film had completely disorientated me. I felt like I had floated out of my body and was watching myself on the sofa watching my sister on screen. I could never imagine her doing these things but for her to be doing it so brazenly on camera was inconceivable. Yet, I couldn't take my eyes off her. She was mesmerizing.

Nor could I have imagined I would be sitting, exposing myself in her living room, pleasuring myself with one of her dildos while my sphincter strained against a borrowed butt plug, a hot twenty-something woman I had never met nibbled my earlobe and massaged my thigh, and an equally delicious man I had never met sat on the other side of me with his cock out. After a poor start, this morning was definitely shaping up to be better than last night.

On screen, Diane continued to stroke her lover. He removed her running top. She cupped her bare breasts and teased her nipples between thumbs and forefingers. Simon moved behind Diane and pulled down her shorts and panties. His face came into view, another good-looking, fresh-faced twenty-something. Diane was on all fours, naked except from running shoes and socks. She reached behind her and guided his cock between her hot, creamy thighs. All the time she made eyes at the camera.

By this time, I had relinquished control of the dildo to Cindy so I could get my hands round Jason's meat. He'd said what a brilliant cocksucker Diane was and I had taken that as a challenge. Anything she could do, I could do better, so I was fellating my new friend while Cindy licked my cunt juices off my sister's dildo.

The camera cut to a close-up of Diane's velvet pussy lips being pushed apart by the throbbing cock. The shot widened to show slippery fingers exploring Diane's asshole before both her hands reached back and stretched her ass cheeks apart, so the cock could slide into her ass. 

On the sofa, I positioned myself on all fours so I could watch the film while blowing Jason and present my pussy and plug-filled ass to Cindy. She lifted my bath robe and purred when she saw the pale blue object between my ass cheeks. She playfully slapped my bare cheeks. "Where did this come from? Naughty, naughty!" She eased the plug right out of my ass, leaving what felt like a huge, gaping hole slowly contracted around the aching, empty space.
