 "Hey, man, is it okay if I fuck yer wife?"

I opened my eyes slowly and saw a fit young man with a turgid cock sticking out in front of him and an awkward smile on his face. From somewhere it registered that his name was Derrik.

Hearing scuffling on the floor I focused still more and recognized my dirty blond wife being eaten out by a chubby black haired wench with a tattoo on her back. The cunt-licker had her ass up in my direction and my gaze was drawn by the sparkle of a clit-ring to her very bald and very white ass and vagina.

"Is it okay? She said I had to ask you, but she wants it."

I focused back on Derrik. It was coming back to me now. Derrik and Tammy -- "but call me just Tam" -- had been hitch-hiking. 

I'd worked late and knew that with the pouring rain and late hour, I would be the only driver going down that street for a long time. At first I didn't realize what was going on. I could barely see through the rain, but then it hit me that the white blur I'd passed had had a thumb out. I don't usually pick up strangers, but the circumstances were far from usual. I reversed about half a mile very slowly and they ran up to me.

"Hey man, thanks for stoppin! We're soaked and lost. Can you get us to the bus station?"

"GET IN!" I yelled over the thunder. And once the two wet strangers were safely inside my sedan I turned to the back seat to face them. "Some down pour."

"Hell yeah."

"Tell me again what the problem is."

"We're lost," the young man continued -- he was doing all the talking, "we'd gotten a ride with this truck driver who kept hitting on Tam here -- made us real uncomfortable -- so we made up this excuse to get out and figgered we could grab a bus. But this storm caught us completely off guard."

"I can take you to the bus station, but it won't be open. Buses start again in the morning."

"Is there an all night diner or train station?"

"You're lucky there's a bus station. We're really out in the woods over here...."

I was trying to think of something to offer them. I'd been young and foolish myself once, and hitched a few rides, and knew the importance of a stranger's help. We have a spare bedroom and I kept thinking I should just invite them in. I could hear my dead mother saying how important hospitality was. But I could also hear my wife, or rather feel her eyes. She too would want to help these wayward souls, but we had other plans.

We'd planned on a good fuck-session tonight. The kids' school had taken them cross-state for an inter-school sporting event and we found ourselves with the house to ourselves. Kate had been emailing me all day about how she was going to meet me at the door naked, fuck me on the living room sofa, suck me hard again in the kitchen and make me fuck her ass on the back porch. When Kate got that horny it was like dealing with a wild animal, and I knew she'd be pissed to learn our night alone had been lost.

Suddenly a streak of lightening flashed through the sky and the rolling thunder indicated that the storm was right on top of us. In the flash of light I could see Tammy all wet and scared, and made up my mind. I couldn't leave them without a warm bed on a night like tonight.

"Kate?" I whispered into my cellphone from the front seat. "We have a slight change of plans." 

By the time we got to the house Kate had had time to put on a robe and set up the guest room. She also heated up dinner and coffee which we were all most grateful for having come in wet and cold.

As our guests warmed up we got some more of their story. They were Seniors in college heading home for Thanksgiving, trying to surprise their parents and save money by hitch-hiking. I could see that Kate had fully gotten over the disappointment and realized I had done the right thing inviting them in. In fact she took such a liking to them that she asked me to offer our guests some bourbon as a nightcap.

"Um, I don't want to offend or anything," Derrik began after downing his shot, "I mean y'alls being so friendly and Christian... and... and.. Tam and me we, well we'd like to return the kindness."

"Derrik, honey, it's our pleasure, really don't worry about it, " Kate replied.

"No really, it's well I hope you're cool to this and no offense but we's got ourselves some pretty decent weed if you're okay with that kind of thing."

Kate and I just laughed. Pot, the devil weed, yes we were "cool with that". It had been years since I'd seen any, but back in college you could smell your way to my dorm room, and Kate was even more of a smoker, continuing to this day with the occasional cigarette.

We adjourned to the living room and began toking up. The conversation was fun and light and turned to sex and we were obviously getting worked up. Kate was becoming especially forward letting her robe open up and flashing us glimpses of her underwear. Tam, who had been relatively introverted came out of her shell and playfully teased Kate about her robe opening up. Kate, in turn, took a new interest in Tam's body art.

I however was stoned into complacency, drifting off into my own world on the sofa. Apparently the bourbon and bud combined with an exhausting work load to put me off to sleep.

I don't know for how long I'd dozed off, but when last I'd been alert, everyone was dressed. Now I alone remained dressed while the others were clearly fully involved in sex. From Tam's gaping pussy and Derrik's slick dick, I surmised that he had been rear-ending her while she licked Kate's clit. Now, it seemed, Kate wanted some of that dick for herself.

"Go ahead," I replied and struggled to sit up.

I walked around the room two times to get my blood flowing and took the opportunity to lose my shirt and shoes. Tam got off of Kate letting Derrik get down between my wife's knees. Kate looked at me briefly and smiled, then turned back to admire Derrik with his young physique as he slid his hard cock inside her.

I watched, amazed as Derrik rocked in and out of Kate. They were so beautiful together. I was overwhelmed with the beauty of my wife, and had to admire Derrick's firm young cock as it splayed her pussy. Soon Derrik ran out of strength and fell atop Kate who rolled him over and began riding him cowgirl.

"He feels so huge inside me," she said to me. "I'm loving this so much, but I want both of you."

While her boyfriend had been fucking my wife, Tam had been so kind as to help me out of my trousers and suck my dick. If she was as good a cunt-licker as she was a cock-sucker, my wife must have had several orgasms already during my snooze. But I didn't want to cum right away and moved her toward the sofa where we began fucking. Tam had been on her knees sucking my dick and she remained on her knees when I turned her to the couch. She planted her arms on the cushion and let me crouch behind her, fucking her doggy style. She had large round white breasts, much larger than Kate's and I enjoyed reaching around her to grab at them. Fortunately her pussy was wet and loose, otherwise I'd never have lasted I was so enervated.

We were in this delightful position when Kate said she wanted to be double-teamed. I was fucking Tam from behind while Kate rode atop Derrik.

"You take it up the ass?" Tam asked my wife in surprise.

"Regularly." She answered with a smile and then realizing how close they were she leaned in to kiss Tam. For a few more minutes we continued as a combined foursome. Derrik fucking Kate who was making out with Tam who was being fucked by me. In fact I was fucking her right into a severe orgasm. 

As Kate pushed my groping hands away to suck on Tam's large breasts I grabbed her hips and began pounding hard. Gasps and hollow grunts escaped Tam's throat as I felt her cunt-wall begin to flutter harder and harder along my 8" cock. Finally she released a guttural explicative and her pussy gushed liquid onto my cock and her cunt-wall clamped down practically pulling my orgasm out of my cock.

I had not cum, but was so close I told Kate I couldn't hold out and began pumping into Tam full speed. Kate asked to see me cum, so I pulled out intending to ejaculate over Tam's ass and tramp stamp. But once I was out, Tam twisted around and took my thick cockhead into her mouth and began sucking. Soon her mouth was full of my sperm and even more spilled out onto her chin and prominent breasts. Kate quickly bent down to kiss her and share my jism but was shortly interrupted by Derrik who asked for similar treatment. By the time Kate dismounted and got her mouth near his cock, he was shooting long strands of cum into the air. Some of these landed on Kate's abdomen which led to Kate and Tam sixty-nineing.

It was just as well that they kept each other occupied as Derrik and I were now both limp and sitting on the couch. Derrik rolled us another joint.

"You guys are pretty cool." he chuckled.

"You're not too bad yourself."

"Tam fucks like a banshee, don't she?"

"Indeed she does a man a service."

"He, he," Derrik laughed to himself as he prepared to take a deep toke. "Kate's a fine fuck, I must say," choking out some smoke and passing me the bud. "Think we could double-team her?"

"If we can get it up," I said inhaling deeply," she can take it."

"Never fucked Tam up the ass. Never fucked nobody up the ass."

"Well, I can see you get a turn." I said smiling and finishing the joint.

Kate and Tam were peaking, orgasming loudly as they finger-fucked each other. Kate had three fingers in Tam's quimm and two from her other hand in Tam's ass. Tam was struggling to lick and chew at Kate's twat while her left thumb was buried in Kate's anal opening. Derrik and I just watched and stroked our semi-hard schlongs. Soon the girls came down and sidled up to us boys to suck us hard again. Tam took my cock and Kate was heading up to Derrik when she changed her mind and went to get something from the other room. I thought she was going to pee, and maybe she did, but she came back with a tube of lube and it was clear she had not given up on some anal play. In fact it suddenly occurred to me that Kate's fingers had been in Tam's ass, which meant they'd clearly talked about this between them.

Kate began rubbing and sucking Derrik's dick, getting it all sloppy wet with her saliva. Then, when he was stiff again she added some of her pussy juice by riding him for a bit. Maybe she did that for my benefit as I was having a harder time getting hard. Tam was doing a great job sucking me, but I wasn't nearly hard enough for fucking yet. When Kate sat down on Derrik's cock but a few inches from my face I was enthralled and definitely turned on. Then Kate told Tam to start lubing me up. Tam's greasy hands really did a job on me and I was pretty stiff again. 

"To top him off," Kate hinted to Tam,"stick a lubed finger in his ass."

"His ass?!"

"Yeah, just like I fingered your ass. After all, he's gonna poke YOUR ass pretty soon."

Kate had dismounted Derrick and was lubing him up as well. Tam had started fingering my ass and it was causing quite the reaction from my cock which now pointed at the ceiling like a rocket yearning for take-off. Tam leaned forward and used both her hands to squeeze her large breasts around my lubed up boner. Soon I was thrusting up and down and really enjoying myself. Tam stuck her tongue out and kept dripping saliva all over the head of my cock as I came up between her breasts.

Kate left Derrik alone for a moment and crawled behind Tam with the lubricant in hand. As Tam gave me the titty fuck of my life, I watched Kate begin lubing up Tam's asshole. I couldn't see what was going on exactly, but it was clear she could get three fingers in. Kate kept coaching Tam along and complimenting her on being a natural, being relaxed, and enjoying herself. Tam just answered back that she loved it and wanted more.

"Well I want some too," Kate declared and came back over to the couch, calling Tam over: "Come next to me. And you, Derrik, get off your lazy ass and stick that cock of yours into MY ass."

Pretty soon both Derrik and I had our cocks up these two fine female asses. The owners of those asses were arm in arm and kissing on the sofa cushions. I'd never had such easy anal penetration before, certainly considering it was Tam's first time. She just opened herself up with no reservations and let me fuck her anally.

Derrik was having the time of his life, smiling and giving a sort of play-by-play. Clearly he was stoned, but he was also rock hard and pounding Kate for all he was worth. Soon Kate pulled out of her kiss with Tam and fell into her own inner world. She was reaching a powerful climax, and began rubbing her clit at full speed. Then I realized nobody was rubbing Tam's clit, so I reached under her hip and found her bud stiff and wet.

Kate was screaming and cursing to high heaven and Tam joined her, clearly enjoying my ministrations. Soon she too climaxed and a heavy hush fell over the four of us.

"Dude, this is intense," Derrik said, breaking the silence that followed the girls' screams, and we all laughed.

Derrik and I were both rock hard and in no immediate need of ejaculation so we enjoyed experimenting with the girls and a number of tricky positions. Kate was the first to be double teamed with Derrik in her ass and me in her cunt.

When we switched Kate for Tam, Derrik took the ass again as he had never fucked her there. Then I mounted her cunt and Kate sat on her face. Tam was really loose and uninhibited which let her take a lot of penetration. Derrik's dick was thicker than mine and stretched her out much more, but she didn't complain. Quite the contrary, she was floating in a blissful space and climaxing continually as I could feel from the fluttering in her vagina. Finally we moved into a foursome 69. Kate lay above Tam and they began licking each other's snatches. Derrick moved behind Tam and penetrated her ass, as I did to Kate. Tam would occasionally leave Kate's clit to lick my balls as they came in reach and I wondered if Kate was doing the same to Derrick. 

We worked it slow and steady and soon I was ready to cum.

"Derrick, I'm getting ready to blow, how you doin?"

"Oh man, I'm so horny, if I speed up I'll be shootin too."

"Shall we water the girl's tits?"

"Good idea."

So we pulled out and stood above Kate and Tam who kneeled together. Their faces were slick and wet with messed up hair. They opened their waiting mouths like chicks in a nest as Derrick and I jacked off our cocks. Within a minute the cum was flying, landing equally and liberally over the two girls' faces. This led them to lick each other clean and make out for a spell.

I showed Derrick and Tam the guest room shower and Kate and I went to our bedroom to clean up.

"Are we okay?" Kate asked me as we stood naked in our bathroom, waiting for the hot water to kick in.

"I'd say we're more than okay."

"It doesn't bother you that I just fucked a younger studlier man?"

"Well you don't have to go rubbing it in!" I shot back with a smile as I fondled her ass.

"Seriously, we're okay?"

"Are you jealous that I had so much fun fucking a younger woman?"

"A little."

"Really?!" I was genuinely surprised.

"She's so much sexier than me, with those goregeous tits, her tatts and piercings. I just want to eat her up."

"I think you did."

"Did that freak you out? Watching me with another girl?"

"If by "freaking out" you mean turn me on, than yes. Did it turn me off? Absolutely not."

We stepped into the shower and took a break in our conversation.

"Kate. This is the sexiest thing we've ever done and I'm so pleased, you have no idea. Watching you enjoy yourself with those two was a far bigger turn on than Tam's small dark nipples or round white boobs. I love it when you get so horny. You're at your most beautiful."

Kate was rubbing shampoo into her hair as I was saying this and her smile was all the answer I needed. With her hands above her head, her breasts stuck out and invited me to rub soap suds into them. I was sucking a nipple when Kate said, "I'm still horny."

"You're insatiable."

"I just feel so kinky! God I just had two cocks in me. I was licking pussy! I feel so slutty! I feel free."

"Maybe we can convince our friends to stay for a few days."

"Could we?"

"The Kids are gone until Friday."

"Oh, Tom, I LOVE you!" Kate shrieked as she fell to her knees and started sucking me off.

I was in no position to get hard again, but I managed to dribble a bit of cum into her mouth from a semi-stiff erection. After that I had to pee, and let myself loose all over Kate's breasts. As I watched Kate rub my urine into her breasts and try to drink some I realized just how worked up she was. I wondered if Tam and Derrik were doing the same in the shower downstairs. Visualizing Tam's bountiful boobs and Derrik's firm stomach and long penis sent chills up my spine. I dropped down to the floor of the tub and took Kate into a strong embrace. It felt as if I was still pissing and maybe Kate was too. Certainly the hot water was showering down upon us, and as we slipped and slid all over the tub and all over each other, I felt completely loved.

The next two days provided us with some of the best sex we'd ever had, and memories that will last a lifetime. But above all, Kate and I loved as we hadn't loved for years. Our chance for a night of love-making wasn't ruined after all. It became even better.