 Barcelona is a beautiful city. It has inspiring art galleries, enthralling architecture, beautiful beaches, fattening restaurants, an exciting nightlife and a very cosmopolitan culture. It is a perfect place for having a great time and making some wonderful memories.

One summer, my fiancé, Daniel, decided that he would spoil me rotten by taking me on a surprise, romantic break to Barcelona. He bought first-class flights and a limousine to take us to our hotel. When I first saw the suite we were to stay in, I felt like a princess: he had arranged to have what looked like a hundred vases of roses arranged throughout and the bed was covered in petals. There was even a bottle of Champagne on ice and two glasses waiting for us. As soon as I saw this I just knew I wanted him forever and ever.

We spent several days doing the tourist things, making love, lazing on the beaches, making love, dining out, making love and one day just making love (room service is a wonderful thing). Mostly we were so much in our own little bubble of togetherness that we barely spoke to anyone else.

However, on our last afternoon there, while we were in the hotel bar, I got talking to a girl from New York. She and her husband joined us at our table and we all got on famously. Almost inevitably, the men's' conversation turned to sport and Denise and mine turned to the wonderful shopping opportunities that the city held. I knew that Dan was itching to watch a game of soccer that was being shown on television that afternoon, so I suggested that he and Branner have some lads' time with beer and football, while Denise and I took their credit cards out for some exercise. I don't really like soccer very much, there are a few pretty boys who play, but for real hot bodies you cannot beat the rugby. Anyway, Denise and I both wanted to change our clothes, so we exchanged room numbers, agreed to meet back up in the bar when we were ready to go out and headed off to our rooms.

When I got to our suite, I decided to have a quick shower, as my hair felt horrible and I was pretty sure I had sand in all kinds of places where sand was not supposed to be. The shops were calling and I wanted to be able to answer them in comfort: you simply cannot go looking at designer clothes and shoes knowing you may leave grains of sand stuck to them. The warm water running through my hair and over my body felt wonderful, I couldn't resist standing there for a couple of minutes enjoying the firm pressure of the spray against my skin before cleaning myself thoroughly. I must have enjoyed it too much, because when I finally got out and started drying myself I heard a firm knock on the door. I quickly wrapped myself in a big, fluffy towel and went to answer it.

Stood in the corridor, with her arms folded and tapping her foot with a big smile on her face was Denise. She looked utterly stunning in a little, bright red dress that complimented her dark brown skin beautifully and a pair of patent black stiletto shoes that laced up her slender calves. She has a gorgeous figure: the kind women would die for and men would kill for. With full, but perky breasts, a slender waist, rounded hips and long, muscular legs she could have stopped traffic at a hundred paces. Her pretty face was framed by her long black hair that was straightened and styled in a way that produced an effect that you would only expect to see in glossy fashion magazines. I couldn't believe that I hadn't noticed how perfect she looked before; if I had have done there is no way I would have volunteered to go trying on clothes with this goddess! Compared with her, my voluptuous figure, home-coloured hair, and nice enough face - all of which I usually quite like - would have looked rather plain.

"You best hurry up girl," she exclaimed, "or I'll make you go out dressed like that!"

I opened the door and she walked in, her face lighting up when she saw the suite, with all the flowers. "Wow Alison! Who's a lucky girl?" She asked.

"Me!" I exclaimed, "Dan is an absolute angel. I really can't believe how lucky I am to have him."

I walked over and sat down on the bed opposite the mirror on the dressing table and plugged in the hairdryer. I felt a little awkward, being sat in just a towel, but Denise didn't seem in the least bit bothered and just carried on talking about how lovely the suite was. Once I'd finished drying my hair, I took out my brush and anti-frizz spray and started styling as best I could, although I felt it was a waste of time as I would never look as good as my friend.

"Hey, let me help you with that, hun," she said and walked over to me.

She hitched up her dress, climbed onto the bed and knelt behind me. It is always nice to have someone else do your hair, so I didn't object as she expertly brushed and sprayed. I could see her looking at me in the mirror, so I smiled at her and closed my eyes, enjoying her attentions. As she was finishing off she asked what I thought and put her hands on my shoulders, sending a shudder down my spine.

"You ok sweetie?" she asked, "I didn't tickle did I?"

"Oh, no. Not at all," I answered, "It was lovely actually."

"It's the back of my knees for me," she stated, rather cryptically, "that gets me going and makes me shudder," she explained in answer to the puzzled look on my face.

Denise hopped off the bed and knelt in front of me, placing her hands on my bare knees. "Like this," she said and placed her fingers in the crooks of my knees and gently massaged me. It felt nice, but nothing special. Actually, it felt quite awkward, but that was entirely due to the fact that I had another woman, kneeling in front of me, touching my legs in an attempt to show me what got her going!

"Oh, my. It's my belly button that works for me," I said, a little in shock.

It was only when she placed her hand flat on my tummy that I noticed that my towel must have fallen off while I was engrossed in her doing my hair. I felt my face reddening as I wondered what she must think of me, sitting naked in front of her. But again she didn't appear the slightest bit uncomfortable, and by now she had the tip of one of her fingers in my navel, gently moving it round in circles in the way I adore, as if she'd been practicing for years. I couldn't help closing my eyes and enjoying the wonderful sensations that she was causing for a few moments. A few too many moments because I just couldn't help letting out a tiny little moan.

Denise laughed, still playing with my tummy. "Like that then?"

"Yes. Like that!" I exclaimed, sternly, "Now stop it, before..."

She stopped and placed her hands on my thighs, pushing her tummy against my knees and parting my legs a little, she asked "before what?"

Denise slid her hands up my legs, over my hips and round my back, looking straight back at me as I stared at her with my mouth hanging open in surprise. She ran one hand down to my bottom and the other up my back and placed it on my neck, pulling me towards her and kissing me on my open lips. I couldn't help but kiss her back.

She kissed my top lip, and then the bottom, sucking it gently into her mouth, before placing her lips fully over mine, our mouths still parted, and touched my tongue with hers. Our tongues caressed each other, exploring, dancing together, as we kissed. It was wonderful! I put my arms round her back and pulled her towards me, letting my legs part and moving right to the edge of the bed, so we could be as close as possible.

I was so hungry for her kisses I didn't notice her hand move until I felt her place it softly on my left breast. I let out a little moan of pleasure as her palm touched my excited nipple. She cupped my breast, pressed it firmly against my chest, massaging it in circles. She lowered it and placed her thumb and index finger either side of my nipple, squeezing it, and then pulling it out. Now both her hands were on my boobs, sending waves of pleasure down my back as she expertly stimulated me.

I could barely believe how aroused I was. Maybe it was the wine I had enjoyed with my lunch, but I found myself pulling the zip of her dress down and, with a brief break in our kissing, lifting it over her head. Her breasts were perfect. She didn't need a bra and wasn't wearing one. The dress was perfect. Knickers would have spoiled the lines and she wasn't wearing any.

Her nipples were as excited as mine. I touched them with my palms, moving them round in circles, knowing it would feel good, because I knew it did when I do it to myself. Now she was kissing my jaw, my ears, my neck, and my shoulders; then my chest and then my breast. She was kissing my nipple, it was wonderful. She sucked it into her mouth, nibbled it, took it firmly between her lips and pulled at it. I loved it; she knew exactly what to do and was doing it perfectly. With my eyes closed I leaned my head back as she kissed the other.

Then she touched her tongue between my boobs and slowly licked down to my tummy, only stopping when her tongue was in my belly button. Oh my, it was delicious. I leaned back so she would be more comfortable, but this gave her room to put her hand on my thighs.

She rubbed the inside of my legs, working slowly up with every rub until her hands touched against my pussy. I nearly jumped, but let out a long sigh instead. Still licking my navel, she returned one of her hands to my breasts and placed the other firmly over my pussy. I spread my legs further, letting her get to my labia. She took my outer lips between her thumb and finger, and one at a time, squeezed and rubbed them, making me so excited I could barely think. When she eased them apart and touched my inner lips I jumped with pleasure.

"Oh, Denise," I moaned and put my hands under her arms, pulling her up onto the bed beside me.

We kissed again as our hands roamed over each other's bodies. I could barely believe I was lying on a bed, having sex with another woman, but it felt so good! I felt her slide two fingers inside me and immediately found my g-spot, sending a wave of pleasure rushing through me. I was slowly rubbing her clit with one hand as I eased two fingers of my other hand inside her too. When she touched my clit I felt my pussy tighten and the start of an orgasm. She felt it and stopped.

Suddenly I felt like someone had pulled the ground out from beneath me, as she knelt up. But my disappointment was short lived, because she moved up the bed and placed her knees either side on my head, then lowering herself down until she was lying on top of me, she kissed my mound and licked down to my, very wet, crack. She licked and sucked me; I licked and sucked her. I put my fingers back inside her, she put hers back inside me. It felt so awesome, I could barely concentrate on what I was doing to her and we quickly became synchronised, each doing the same to the other at the same time.

Suddenly I heard the door of the suite open. I started and nearly bit Denise as she pulled her head away from me to look up. Dan and Branner walked into the room and we froze.

"Alison! What the hell?" exclaimed Dan.

I heard Branner laugh in a deep voice that sent a shiver down my spine.

"Dude, chill!" he said, "Just look! Isn't that a dream come true?"

Denise's fingers were still inside me and as she moved they touched my g-spot and I couldn't help moaning again.

"Hell, yes!" I heard Dan reply and they both laughed.

"Man, I am gonna get me a bit of that," Branner said.

I could feel myself blushing deeply, but Denise, cool as ever just got back to work on me again without a word. I could see Dan and Branner stripping off, both were getting erections by the time they were naked, and Branner headed up towards the end of the bed where my head was and Dan headed down to where my legs were still hanging off the end.

Branner climbed onto the bed, and suddenly there was a big, black cock pointing down right in front of my face. He rubbed it against me and his wife's ass as I licked her. She stopped licking me and I heard Dan moan, so I took the end of Branner's cock in my mouth and sucked it, rubbing his shaft and squeezing his balls with one hand as I continued to finger Denise with the other. He got stiffer and stiffer, then put his hands on her hips and lifted her. With me still playing with his balls, he pushed the end of his cock between her lips and slid inside her. I felt Denise's hands on my pussy as she guided Dan inside me.

Dan's cock felt so huge and hard compared with Denise's little fingers and that was enough to get me shuddering again. Then I felt her fingers on my clit and my orgasm was immediate and long and incredibly intense.

When it had finished, Branner was still sliding in and out of his wife and Dan was still fucking me, so I put my fingers on Denise's clit and pressed and tapped her and rubbed her until she came. As she squealed out, I felt my second beginning and this started Dan off. With the rest of us all cumming Branner had no chance of holding off any longer and called out Denise's name as he hammered his cum inside her. When he pulled out, his spunk dribbled out of her and dripped onto my face. I licked it up where I could, enjoying the taste of their mixed juices.

Dan lay down beside me and kissed me passionately. Branner laid down on the edge of the bed the other side of me and Denise got up and laid down the other side of Dan. I closed my eyes and breathed deeply, wondering if anyone was going to say anything and if so what it would be.

Then there was a hand between my legs again, touching my, still tingling, cunt. I reached out towards Dan to hold his cock too, but Denise already had it! I looked up, shocked, realising that it was Branner who was playing with my pussy, at the same time as Dan realised that it wasn't me wanking him. We looked at each other for a moment, and then he reached out, held my breast and started kissing me. I saw his other hand reaching towards Denise's mound, so I took hold of Branner's cock. We all lay there, wanking each other most delightfully for a while until Denise moaned and rolled over on top of Dan.

I could barely believe it! He looked at me and asked "Ali?"

I thought what the hell, we're on holiday and kissed him as Denise knelt up and lowered herself down onto my fiancé's erection. That was when I noticed that Branner was no longer lying beside me and was now between my legs, about to ease himself inside me! I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation of him sliding in to me. He was very long and it just seemed to keep going and going until he bumped the top. It was a little uncomfortable, but Branner knew when enough was enough and drew out again. He pulled almost right out, then back inside, slowly at first then faster and faster.

Denise was hard down on Dan's cock, rolling her hips back and forth, so I reached out and placed my finger beneath her clit, helping her get the best stimulation. Dan reached down and did me the same favor, rubbing me quickly from side to side as Branner fucked me hard. This one lasted longer and we all changed positions and even partners a couple of times, until my climax started. I felt Branner slow down and almost stop as I came, before he pulled out of me quickly spraying a load of hot spunk across my breasts and tummy. I could see that Dan was struggling to keep going, but Denise soon came and Dan pulled out and sprayed her too.

We all lay together again for a few minutes, giggling and getting our breath back, before the boys got up, got dressed and headed back to the bar. Denise and I shared a shower dressed and went to join them. It was evening by now, so we went out to dinner together. After dinner we walked up the beach to the far end and made love again, without swapping this time, before heading back to our rooms. Dan and I bid them farewell, because we had to leave the next morning, but we left with a wonderful memory of a very horny afternoon!