 Two weeks ago, I came home from work and announced to my beautiful wife of 12 years that if we didn't go on a vacation very soon, I was going to explode at my desk. She ignored me and continued about her business. But I wasn't kidding.

Going back a little further, 4 months back to be precise; I was promoted to the position of Director of Operations for a very successful construction company. I was proud of myself and my wife, Claire, even prouder. While I felt I had been groomed properly for the position, I was not aware of the 'issues' that were conveniently omitted from the job description. Issues such as the boss'son who was a complete moron, or the estimator who couldn't estimate but was good at 'other' things. Typical office politics. But I settled in and tried to do the best I could. But the issues became daunting. And they piled up around me. Soon I found myself unable to leave my work at work. That was what led to my proclamation when I came home that Wednesday night two weeks ago.

"Honey, I'm serious. If we don't get out of here real soon, I'm going to cave", I told my lovely bride.

Claire is 34 and hotter than the day I married her. At 5'-2" and 135 lbs., she is compact and solid. Her hair is a beautiful chestnut color, her skin olive and her complexion flawless. Her breasts are absolutely magnificent; her stomach taut, her legs toned and shapely, but her best feature is her 'box'.

Claire's ass is perfect. It is well-rounded, firm, and still somewhat uplifted. When she wears a thong, the entire garment is completely concealed within the cheeks of her butt. And it gets better. Working our way up front is the prettiest pussy man has ever laid eyes upon. The only part of Claire's anatomy that has not been tanned, her mound is every man's dream. Soft, smooth except for a 2" wide strip of brown fur that starts at her clit and rises up about 4", almost an 'arrow' pointing the way to heaven.

"If you're serious about getting away for a while, find some options we can consider and I'll get the time off as well", she said. Off I went in pursuit of our well-deserved getaway.

In 2 hours I had reserved the penthouse condo at Villa La Estancia in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. A magnificent condo that completely redefined luxury, it was available at a fraction of its typical cost due to a last-minute cancellation. I jumped all over it, booked our flights, a rental car and put in for the time off. 

The following Friday afternoon, we were pulling into the entry portico at La Estancia in Cabo. Unfreakingbelievable!!! Everywhere you looked was a perfect body walking with very little left to the imagination and there was something for everyone, too. As the doorman took our luggage and car away, we strolled up to the check-in desk and announced ourselves.

While I was mesmerized by the cleavage belonging to the desk clerk, Claire was lost in the speedo (or the contents within) of a tanned hardbody of a guy who looked like 25 but was probably 45!



"I like this place already" exclaimed Claire, bringing her conscious self back to reality. The desk clerk and I both giggled at Claire's obvious subject of distraction.

Upstairs, the room was incredible!! Everything you ever wished for in your home, condo, hotel room, whatever, was situated right in front of us. It even had a private elevator within the room that took us directly to the beach!!! While checking out all the amenities like little kids, a knock on the door brought me back to the present. Opening the door, I found a professionally dressed young woman. She was medium height, very pretty and very well tanned and no older than 25. She introduced herself as Jackie and said she was our personal 'butler/valet' while we were guests here at the resort. I asked her in and she waved the bellhop in behind her with our luggage. 

Jackie asked us if we wanted anything at all, and Claire asked for a pina colada. I requested a beer and within moments, a young boy was at our door with our drinks. During this time, Jackie unpacked all of our clothes and either folded them into the drawers or hung them up in the closet. She laid out our bathing suits on the bed and filled us in on all that the resort had to offer. 

As Jackie headed for the door to leave, she turned to look at both Claire and I and told us: "If there is ANYTHING you need, want or desire, call me on my direct extension and I will make it happen. ANYTHING!!!"

Claire and I looked at each other and we both silently wondered how much content was behind her "ANYTHING!" comment. Shaking it off, Claire began to strip so she could get into her bikini and hit the pool. As she peeled her clothing off, each piece revealing more of her amazing body, my cock started to react just the way I like it to. When Claire was down to her lacy boy shorts, I moved forward in just my boxers and wrapped my arms around her waist, my cock nuzzled within the cleft of her ass cheeks. 

"Oooh, is that for me?" asked Claire, reaching around and finding the slit in the front of my boxers, reaching in and finding my cock as hard as steel.

"Only for you, babe" was my response as I brought my left hand up to her left breast and began rolling her nipple with my thumb and index finger. 

My right hand slid ever-so-slowly down along the silky smooth expanse of her firm stomach and under the waistband of her boy shorts. Once I found her clit with my middle finger, Claire arched her back and threw her head back onto my right shoulder, eyes closed and mouth opened, gasping and moaning at the same time. I was amazed at how wet she had become in such a very short time. 

Within minutes, my right hand was soaked and Claire was eagerly chewing on my right ear, whispering in between moans and gasps about how fantastic I was making her feel while she was making me feel pretty fantastic at the same time. Claire suddenly spun around and sat down on the edge of the bed, pulled my boxers down to my ankles, and pulled me closer to her as she did. Claire then wrapped her right hand around my cock, her fingers not quite reaching around and leaned forward to lick me like a 7-1/2" candy cane. 

Within her first few licks I was as hard as steel. Claire then started to suck on my cock expertly; all the while her left hand was caressing my ass, every once in a while reaching and slightly penetrating my ass with her index finger or under to caress my balls. I informed my wife that she was getting very close to getting a mouthful if she continued her assault on me. 

She then pulled her face away from me, jumped to her hands and knees, and presented me with her most beautiful ass pointing right at me. I grabbed her by the hips and pulled her back towards me, closer to the edge of the bed. I was now at the perfect angle and height to easily lean forward and slide my rigid cock into the drenched pussy in front of me.

After 12 years of marriage, I can still bring myself to the brink of cumming merely by watching my cock disappear into that gorgeous pussy. I began a rhythm of steady sliding back and forth. Claire's moaning in synch with my sliding in told me she still loved what I brought to the table as well. 

After only 5 minutes or so of hard rocking in and out of Claire's pussy, she came and she did so pretty violently as well. She actually screamed loud enough for the guests to hear down at the pool, I'm sure. Her outburst and constant repeating of "Oh God" 6 or 7 times was more than enough to put me over the edge. I grabbed Claire by her hips again and pulled her into me with such force, I rammed right into her cervix. I held myself perfectly still for 5 seconds and then unleashed a torrent of cum into Claire's pussy with such force, she actually came a second time. 

After unsuccessfully trying to maintain an eternal erection so I could fuck Claire forever, I slid myself out of her pussy, leaned forward and planted a tender kiss right on her ass. Claire immediately replaced my cock with her hand to catch the river of semen flowing freely from her gorgeous cunt. As I watched, Claire then took whatever she caught into her hand and sat upright on the bed and began to clean her hand off with her tongue. She doesn't do that very often, but she knows she drives me absolutely insane with lust when she does. It is the single hottest act I have ever witnessed my wife perform. 

While Claire greedily sucked each of her cum-drenched fingers clean, I noticed movement out in the foyer of our suite. Quickly pulling my boxers back up, I jumped up and bolted to the open doorway of the master suite and saw Jackie trying to tip-toe quietly towards the door leading to the hallway outside our room. I called out to her and she froze in her tracks just feet from the door.

"See anything you liked?" I asked her. As she turned to face me, I noticed her jacket was not sitting right on her frame, and her blouse was opened much more than I remembered from earlier. She looked flushed. 

"As a matter of fact, yes, sir, I did" replied Jackie. She started to walk towards me, removing her jacket and dropping it to the floor behind her.

"I happened to leave my access card in your room earlier and came back to retrieve it. It was then that I heard your wife's erotic screams and couldn't help but peek in to see what the cause of her orgasm was".

"Did you enjoy what you saw?" I asked.

"Oh yes sir! I hope you don't mind my honesty, but I watched for several moments as the two of you made each other cum, which ultimately led to my own orgasm. I'm drenched right now from watching you two."

As Jackie finished her confession, Claire emerged form the master suite in her robe, just tying it enough to keep it from opening as she approached us. 

"What have we here, sweetie?", asked Claire.

I explained to Claire that Jackie returned to our room to fetch her access key and heard our cries of ecstasy and had to see for herself what we were up to. 

"Oh yeah...did she like what she saw?" I continued to tell Claire all that Jackie had just told me, which explained the current state of dishevelment that our butler presented us with. 

I always wondered what Claire would do in this situation and here it was presenting itself to me. I stepped over to Claire, took her in my arms and kissed her hard on the lips, her tongue reaching past my lips and into my mouth. I kept one eye on Jackie and she looked absolutely glazed-over with pure lust. I gently untied Claire's robe and reached up to fondle her perfect tit, gently pinching her nipple as I did. Claire's moans were driving Jackie crazy as Jackie suddenly fell into the sofa behind her, her mouth wide open and breathing heavier than either Claire or I.

Claire returned the gesture and reached into my boxers and pulled out my semi-hard cock for Jackie to see. I noticed Jackie lick her lips and her hand jumped into her blouse and she kicked off both shoes. Claire was trying to get me hard again and she dropped down to her knees and so she was now in a perfect position to take me into her mouth. 

Claire started to lick the underside of my cock like an ice cream cone. Each lick culminated with the mushroom-shaped head of my cock inside Claire's warm, moist mouth. Claire would then very slowly remove her mouth from my cock with an audible 'pop', a slight string of saliva still connecting her to me. 

Claire copied this maneuver 3 more times before looking right at Jackie and asking her if she wanted to join Claire in sucking my cock. Jackie's response was to slide right off the sofa, onto her knees and crawl the 4 feet over to my left leg, her face just inches from my now fully erect penis. 

Claire held me in her right hand and slightly aimed my cock right at Jackie and encouraged her to "go ahead....lick it." Jackie put her right hand on my hip, leaned in and stuck her tongue out and very hotly dragged it form the bas to the tip along the left side of my shaft. As she neared the tip, Claire positioned my cock right at Jackie's face so Jackie could slide her mouth over my cock, which she did expertly.

Claire gently swept Jackie's hair aside so Jackie could have complete unimpeded access to my manhood. I placed the open palm of my left hand onto the back of Jackie's head and gently started to 'fuck' her face, while I noticed Claire was pulling and twisting Jackie's exposed nipple, now fully erect and extremely sensitive, as foretold by Jackie's moans now vibrating through my cock into my groin. Jackie moved slightly over so she was in direct alignment with my body, allowing my cock better access to her throat. I never was a very big fan of 'deep-throating', as I much prefer the manipulation of a female tongue and lips. Jackie was now 'fucking' me back as I could feel the narrowness of her throat almost encase my cock, much I like I imagine her pussy could as well. 

Meanwhile, Claire rose up off her knees, reached up slightly and kissed me passionately, her tongue dueling with mine inside my mouth furiously. My right hand wrapped itself around her waist and I pulled her as close to me as she could possibly get, her body as warm as the afternoon Mexican sun. Claire broke our kiss, grabbed my hand and pulled me back towards the bedroom, which 'popped' my cock right out of Jackie's mouth, eliciting a groan from both of us. Claire then curled her index finger at Jackie, summoning her to join us. Jackie rose up and grabbed my other hand as the three of us formed a train back into the huge king-sized bed.

I was pushed onto the bed by Claire, who then immediately seized control of my boxers, pulling them off as smoothly and quickly as I could ever have imagined. Jackie climbed onto the bed to my right, and ran her hand over my chest, her finger making soft swirls in the hair that lightly covered my torso. 

Claire climbed up to my left, wrapped her hand around my still-rigid shaft and gently began jerking me up...and then down, occasionally caressing my balls with the oh-so-smooth palm of her hand. This was driving me insane with pleasure. Claire leaned in and, as only she can, took the head of my penis into her mouth, her lips forming a seal and her tongue swirling itself around the head. I can cum just from this, and I have...many times!! Claire knows exactly what drives my crazy and she enjoys doing it to me whenever she can. Of course, I insist on returning the favor every time, which Claire also enjoys immensely. 

While Claire was busy driving me completely mad with lust, Jackie seized her opportunity and proceeded to straddle my head, pull her thong off to one side, and slowly lower herself directly over my mouth. I reached up, grabbed both supple ass cheeks and repositioned Jackie over me so that I could access her moist little opening with ease. I opened my mouth, pulled Jackie down by putting pressure on both her hips and forced her down onto my face, her pussy directly in perfect alignment with my mouth. I could taste her juices, now flowing almost freely from her opening right into my mouth. I savored every drop. I used my tongue to find and manipulate her clit, eliciting moans from Jackie as I did. I sucked on her hood, trying to get as much of the folds of her lips inside, and making her wetter in the process. The attention I was paying to Jackie had slightly distracted me from Claire's expert attention to my cock, thus allowing me to last much longer than I normally would in this situation.

Claire had now changed her motions, now jerking my cock into her mouth, as if she was trying to make me cum right away. This drove me absolutely crazy. It also made me moan very vocally...right onto Jackie's clit. The sensation from my 'hum' onto Jackie's most sensitive feature was driving Jackie right over the edge. 

As my humming became nearly constant, Jackie's hips started to buck and she ground her pelvis right down onto my head, her juices now drenching my face as well as her thighs. Within what seemed like no time at all, Claire's hand had me cuming right into her mouth, my semen literally shooting stream after stream into her mouth. I have no idea how much was literally sucked right out of me, but I would have bet it was the most I've ever released in my life. My orgasm caused me to moan very loudly right into Jackie's pussy, and this cause Jackie's orgasm to overtake her as well. Her hips bucked wildly on my head, her thighs clamped around my head, squeezing me like an overripe melon, and causing me temporary deafness! Her fluids seeped out of her in copious amounts onto my face and mouth, and I tried to capture every drop. 

When Jackie's orgasm finally subsided, I latched onto her clit one last time, sucking it into my mouth and gently nibbling on it with my teeth. This caused Jackie to almost jump right off the bed, her sensitivity causing a very high pitched scream from her gasping mouth. As she climbed off me in a half-hearted roll onto the bed, she realized that she had been with Claire and I for over an hour. 

"Oh my God!! I needed to be back at the front desk 20 minutes ago to relieve the current clerk!!" exclaimed Jackie, jumping to her feet and gathering her clothes and shoes. 

She jumped into the bathroom to freshen up and within another minute, was kissing both Claire and I goodbye. As she reached the front door to our suite, Claire asked her what time she got off work. 

Jackie opened the door, stepped into the breezeway outside and shouted back; "Ten o'clock tonight. Will I see you guys then?" 

Claire shouted back to Jackie just before the door closed; "We'll find you!"

I reached over and pulled Claire over to me and gave her the sexiest, wettest, deepest longest kiss I had in me at that moment, wrapping my arms around her and holding her tightly to me. When we broke the kiss off for air, Claire asked me what that was for.

"Just because, baby....just because"