 Chapter 1

I have been the principal coach/Trainer of a local ladies hockey team from a small town in Ireland. We were preparing for the start of the new league season and had planned a training and fitness camp in a well known resort in the south of Spain as a way of getting the season off to a good start.

There are 7 girls in our team, some are single, some married but all like a good time and particularly enjoy a night on the town after a game, particularly if we have won. All of the hockey training has kept us fit and although several of the girls are larger than average, especially the keeper, they are all quite toned and have the right curves in all of the right places. For myself, although I was 10 years older and hadn't played competitively for a few years, all of the training helped keep me in shape and I was proud of my body.

When we arrived in Spain, I knew I would have difficulty maintaining the high levels of concentration required for the intense fitness regime, as the girls would be constantly distracted by the thought of the local nightlife and the obvious party season ongoing in the town through the night. 

I tried to develop a schedule which allowed the girls some time off in the evening for a quick drink before insisting on an early night.

The temperature was so hot, that it was uncomfortable to train in the usual long-sleeved shirts, and pleated skirts, and instead we splashed out on some co-ordinating crop tops and skimpy shorts, not much more than traditional bras and knickers, which caused a few giggles among the girls when we first changed into them, myself included. 

When we first ran onto our allotted training pitch, there were some nervous looks from some of the girls, however this soon changed when we became aware of some appreciative looks from some of the other athletes using the adjoining pitches.

It was soon apparent that the resort was actually very busy, and almost all of the other teams were male and mostly soccer teams from all over the world. The girls found themselves attracting attention from several groups of young men, stripped to the waste and bronzed, while taking a refreshment break from their training. 

I was anxious that the close attention might put them off, however it was soon apparent that far from embarrassing the players, they were beginning to enjoy it and several were even beginning to show off, jumping up and down on the spot when not strictly necessary to maximise the effect of jiggling boobs and also ensuring that when completing bending exercises, they were positioned that their now appreciative audience, had a full uninterrupted view of their tight buns.

To my amusement, this flaunting was not restricted to the single girls, but several of the married girls seemed to be getting in on the act, and I noticed the soccer coaches on the adjacent pitches struggling to get their players attention to recommence their own training.

By mid-morning, the heat was exhausting and I instructed the girls to stop regularly to take on lots of water, to avoid dehydration. Another problem I was keen to avoid was sunburn, and as we were all Irish and mostly fair-skinned, that could have become a problem. The solution was to regularly re-apply sun bloc to all exposed skin. To do this the girls simply stopped, lay down on the pitch and applied the cream to each other's bodies. By mixing the oil with the sweat, the effect was to create a glossy sheen which made our brief clothing look even more close fitting and clingy, to the extent that it was possible to make out, not just the shape of the boobs, but also the nipples on most of the girls.

I had been anxious but also amused by the attention we were receiving from the soccer players initially, but while we were applying the sun bloc to each other, the effect was even more noticeable. Several of the adjacent teams were now stopping more regularly and coming over, this time with their coaches to watch the show. 

The young men however were not the only ones enjoying the view, several of the girls had noticed the strain being induced in the shorts of the footballers and were giggling suggestively in the direction of a particularly handsome group of young men from Sweden who were obviously fit and muscular, but also wore broad and attractive smiles.

Our morning session ended with a light jog around the entire facility by which time I was also becoming intoxicated by the lingering looks and smiles we were attracting from all directions. I instructed the team to cool down before coming in to lunch, and joined in by using the cold showers outside the changing rooms, which took the levels of attention to new heights. By now I could tell several of the girls were becoming extremely suggestive, ensuring they rubbed the cold water over their entire bodies and stretching the tight fabric over their boobs and bums to full effect. The cold water did the trick and most of our nipples were now distinct and clear while our bums and pussies were easy to make out.

The discussion over lunch centred mainly on which of the young soccer players had the tightest ass and which appeared to have the most distinctive bulge. There was a general consensus that the Swedish lads were the hottest and the tall blonde centre-back got the most votes. I personally opted out of the voting but secretly admired the team captain, slightly older but fit and tanned with gorgeous eyes.

It was now clear that the level of distraction was almost too much in the main pitch area, and I asked the girls to consider going somewhere else in the afternoon. There were howls of complaint from the entire team and suggestions that they would mutiny and lock me in my hotel bedroom while the rest would return to the pitches.

I gave in and agreed we could resume our pitch training in the afternoon for a short session before putting in some long-distance stamina swimming in the hotel pool. We returned to the pitches after lunch for some extra stretching and aerobic work to welcoming smiles and whistles from the adjacent teams to complete our short session and then returned to our hotel, much to the obvious annoyance of all of the soccer teams.

When we arrived at the hotel, I arranged for the team to change and meet back at poolside within 5 mins. I changed into my bikini, which was almost the same size as our training outfit and went back to the pool. The rest of the team arrived together and to my astonishment they were all topless and wearing matching thongs with broad smiles. I must have looked shocked as they reassured me there was one for me and topless was not obligatory.

Once I had got over the initial surprise, I relented and decided, 'if you can't beat them, join them'. I dived into the pool, stripped off my bikini top and bottoms, threw them to the poolside and slipped on the thong provided by the girls.

We had worked hard all afternoon and the cool water was refreshing compared to the heat of the morning pitch session. After approx 2 hours of sprint and slow swim sessions we got out to rest and relax for a break.

While we were getting out of the pool, we were shocked to see the entire Swedish soccer team come past the pool area on their way into the hotel, and when they spotted us they immediately diverted to the poolside.

There was now no escaping their attention. We could either jump into the water to protect what little modesty we had left or simply stay where we were and try to look indifferent. The decision was made for me by some of the girls standing up and striding to the other side of the pool, to a grassed area, and begins the bending and stretching exercises again. They were soon joined by the remaining girls who hesitated only briefly before joining their team-mates with more giggles and swaying boobs. 

I had no choice but to join the rest of the girls and my initial embarrassment again dissolved as I noticed the soccer lads dive into the pool to obtain ringside seats for what they hoped would be a good show. I smiled when I noticed the captain swim to the poolside nearest to me and hold on to the edge wearing a very broad smile.

The whole team really got into the swing and I have never seen such enthusiastic and energetic bending and stretching by a collection of fit women. This coupled with the fact that we were all naked except for a brief damp thong and simultaneously being voyeured by a very hot Swedish football team, made the whole afternoon an extremely erotic and enjoyable experience. I must say I got carried away by the sexual charge and cheekily shimmied my way closer to the edge of the pool so that as I was bending over or sitting down on the grass, the captain who was by now within 3 yards of me, had a birds eye view right up my ass and I could imagine him watching my wet pussy being stretched in every possible direction.

When we finished our workout, we received a grateful cheer from the footballers with loud cries of:

"More, More, More"!

We all smiled appreciatively and strutted back to the poolside with much giggling and swaying of hips to dive in and cool down again.

Cont'd.

Adventures of a ladies Hockey team

Chapter 2

I insisted our team stick together and after a brief swim we said our farewells to the soccer lads who looked crestfallen at our leaving and made noisy protests mostly in my direction, as we left to return to the sports changing rooms now wrapped in towels.

As we entered the shower block I could hear the Swedish lads returning also to the same shower block.

There was much excited chattering among the girls and by the time we actually got into the shower area, they had each decided who their favourite footballer was and some were openly discussing what they would like to do with them. 

I enjoyed listening to their sexually charged ideas and was slightly distracted by a sound coming from the ceiling close to the entrance of the shower area. I immediately suspected that we were being spied upon and quietly left the shower area wrapping myself in a towel.

I crept into the adjacent shower room and was not particularly surprised to see the whole Swedish soccer team butt-naked, cramming into the ceiling void to get an eyeful of my hockey colleagues next door. I was incensed that they would do such a thing and immediately ran forward and roared at them in my best sergeant major voice to get down from there.

They looked absolutely stunned and climbed down immediately, looking very sheepish. They all had obviously been erect and were now becoming flaccid at the shock of being caught. Some of them were also wearing boyish grins, which I decided was not the required response. When I roared again and demanded they show some respect, the captain who was standing closest to me wearing only a towel, whispered in my ear with a low sexy Swedish accent that I was standing in a room full of completely naked horny men, without my towel and it was a bit much to demand complete respect. 

It was only then that I realised that as I ran in, my towel had slipped. I blushed from head to foot, but the captain who realised my discomfort, made a generous gesture and removed his towel to cover me.

At this point I could see he was very muscular and handsomely endowed with a now rising member. As I looked around, I noticed the others were now sporting rising erections of all shapes and sizes, and their initial embarrassment at being caught, was now disappearing to be replaced by confidence and a lustful look on their faces.

I realised that all of those fresh erections were in response to my naked presence in their shower room. Some part of my mind became overwhelmed by the ability to create such a sexual reaction in such young fit and attractive men, that I now deliberately removed the towel revealing my naked body again and enjoying the feeling of my nipples hardening and my pussy moistening. I watched ravenously as the reaction among the Swedish lads became more obvious and their members arose magnificently. 

The captain smiled at my actions and came closer to me with his member at full stretch. The atmosphere was electric and I could feel myself becoming completely aroused. I bent closer to him and whispered in his ear, that it was wicked to peep on us without our consent, and that if they wanted to watch us shower, they only had to ask. There was however one condition, that if the girls went through with it, the men had to agree to a forfeit of our choosing in return.

His member continued to rise as he smiled and translated for his younger team-mates. The reaction was unanimous smiles all round as I turned on my heel and strutted back to our own shower room with the towel repositioned to rejoin my girls.

The girls were full of questions on my return as they had noticed my absence and subsequently heard me shouting from somewhere. I dropped my towel and rejoined them in the open shower area. I called them together into a huddle and explained what had just happened next door with a shower room of naked horny young men.

I asked for their thoughts and there was an initial gasp followed by silence, after which the keeper Laura suggested, that if they want a show, we should give them a show they'll never forget. The others giggled at first and then one-by-one agreed to go for it.

They girls and I then positioned ourselves around the shower area ensuring we were each in full view of the shower opening. We could now hear the scrambling and muffled whispering from the ceiling area, so we knew we had our audience.

When we started washing again, this time we made sure we soaped and rinsed all over as slowly as possible, allowing our hands to caress our now erect nipples and boobs, bending over fully to wash between our bum cheeks while giving the best view to the shower opening area. This had an absolutely pussy tingling effect as I imagined all of the naked young men straining to get a better view and all hot and horny as hell to get in with us.

Two of the girls began to wash each other which would be innocent enough normally, however they giggled as they slowly soaped each others bodies always ensuring the bits being soaped were in full view. I could imagine again the reaction this would generate in the young men and smiled as I completed my own ritual by carefully soaping my pussy with my legs spread wide and looked up towards the ceiling smiling as I rinsed off all the soap leaving my skin glistening and pink.

When we each left the shower we smiled up at the dark void above the ceiling and could just make out all the smiling excited faces of our appreciative audience.

There was a lot of excitement among the girls as we got dressed and we discussed at length what the forfeit should be. Eventually we agreed on a plan suggested by Laura, who seemed to have a very vivid imagination.

Cont'd



Adventures of a ladies Hockey team

Chapter 3

We left the shower block now dressed in a variety of short summer dresses and skirts, with an air of excitement and expectation. We were met by the entire Swedish team who were smiling broadly and thanking us profusely for being game enough to put on a show like that. We smiled knowingly that it would soon be out turn to have some fun and a few fantasies fulfilled.

We went to a local restaurant and the Swedish team treated us to a fine meal and some local wine which was lovely. All evening we were lavished attention as there were two men for each of us and the men were competing for our attention and favour. I noticed that some of the men were attempting to seduce their prey by caressing their legs, neck or any other bit they could get access to.

When the meal was finished we advised our hosts that it was time for the forfeit and we would have to return to my hotel suite for the rest of the evening. They purchased some additional wine and we all started back, with a heady mixture of sex, alcohol and excitement filling the atmosphere.

When we reached my suite, we moved the furniture to clear as much space as possible in the middle of the room. I then explained the rules to our young men who looked nervous and excited at the same time.

The men were instructed to strip naked and lie on the floor in circle with feet facing each other like wagon wheel spokes. They did as they were instructed and they did not need much encouragement as there were trousers, shirts and shorts flying in all directions, and in just a few moments there were fourteen naked men lying in a circle, all with raging hard-ons and smiling broadly.

Each of the girls went between two of the lads to straddle over them knowing that they were once again in full view of their ogling smiling faces, and removed from their handbags the short pants they had been wearing earlier.  Each then bent over and slowly removed the thong they were now wearing; resulting in strained groans and moans from al round the room. Some of the lads could not resist and slipped their hands up to try and touch al of those damp glistening pussies, however that was not allowed, at least not yet. I adopted my sergeant major voice again and instructed them to keep their hands by their sides or they would be disqualified and have to leave the circle and watch from the side. To my excitement and surprise, they all complied immediately. I now had complete control over 14 naked gorgeous Swedish men in my hotel suite all begging to do my every wish.

Each of the girls now tied their sweaty pants over the faces of the Swedish players as a blindfold but also that they could enjoy the musky aroma. Several of the players now squirmed with pleasure and were finding it difficult to control themselves.

I now explained the rules of the next part. Each of the girls would straddle one of the lads at random, and lower our pussies down over their face. We allowed the guys 60 seconds to smell our pussies and try to match the correct pussy to the knickers over their face. There was to be no licking or sly feeling at this stage at risk of disqualification.

If the guy guessed incorrectly, the girl would lower herself directly onto the guy's mouth and he must eat her pussy for 3 minutes, before rising and repeating the exercise. If the guy guessed correctly, she would lower herself onto his exposed trembling member and fuck him silly for 3 minutes. If he came during the 3 mins, he was disqualified and left the circle.

The object of the game for the guys was to last as long as possible, guess correctly as many pussies as possible, and fuck as many girls as possible. For the girls, the object was to have your pussy eaten as often as possible by hot horny sex slaves and also to get fucked silly as a consolation prize.

The game began with a lot of intense sniffing, guessing, shouting and laughing as each of the first 7 guys tried to work out which sodden pussy within an inch of their trembling mouth was which and to attempt to fuck it by getting it right or happily chomp on it if it was guessed wrong.

There was a lot of slurping going on and those guys who were greedily sucking pussy were making so much noise the other 7 who had to wait were screaming for time up and next round. I managed to fool my first young stud and he seemed almost relieved to get his mouth onto my horny pussy where he sucked, chewed and chomped greedily for the full 3 minutes. I had not had been so greedily eaten for as long as I could remember and my knees felt weak with the pure ecstatic pleasure of it. I closed my eyes for a moment and enjoyed the sight of this young stud with his face buried deep in my pussy, chewing and slurping for all he was worth.  Only the captain had guessed correctly and the youngest girl Janine was crying out with joy as she straddled his throbbing member and pumped him for all she was worth, but he was up to the task, and lasted without coming, much to my satisfaction, as I wanted a piece of that action. One of the guys who had also guessed correctly, got to fuck Laura, and she worked his cock so hard the poor guy came loudly within the 3 minutes and was therefore disqualified. As I called time out and lifted myself off my young stud, he groaned along with the others, while the next 7 squirmed in eager anticipation of a bit of pussy or a good fuck.
