 I awoke the next morning, got ready, and went to the bakery for breakfast a little bit after when the morning rush ended. Kriszta and Jana were both behind the counter. Jana took my order with a smile and I sat at what had become my usual seat to eat. I watched as Jana and Kriszta served the remaining patrons, enjoying the sight of their well-formed bodies as they moved back and forth behind the counter. I lingered over my coffee until the last of the other patrons left the bakery and the women began to clean up the used dishes. 

As she passed my table, Kriszta stopped by my table and began to chat with me as if we'd never met asking about where I was from, what I'm doing in Hungary, etc. As Jana passed the table on the way to get more dishes, Kriszta asked, "So what do you think of Hungarian women? Do you think she's hot?" Jana gave Kriszta an embarrassed look, then turned to me with a raised eyebrow and a questioning look.

I smiled and said, "Well, give me a turn and let me look at you." Before she could object, Kriszta piled on, "Come on, even though we know he's been watching us all morning, let him get a good look." Jana blushed a little, then spun slowly in place. I feasted my eyes on her delectable ass and admired her native grace.

"Simply beautiful," I said. 

"What do you think of her?" Jana asked while nodding towards Kriszta.

I glanced at Kriszta, "Well, give me a turn," I said. Without argument Kriszta rotated in place, swishing her hips saucily.

"Also beautiful," I said.

"Who's prettier?" Jana asked.

"Now, that's not a fair question!" I said. "You've each got a different kind of beauty. Kriszta is ridiculously hot; you've got a sweetness to you that is incredibly attractive. As much of a cliché as I'm sure it is – it's like comparing hot paprika to sweet paprika, they're both great but you can't compare them."

Jana said to Kriszta followed by something in Hungarian that sounded to me like an "I told you so."

Kriszta said to me, "I'll tell you a secret. I also work as a stripper. I've been trying to convince Jana here that she should try it to make some extra cash. She keeps saying that she's not hot enough to make any money as a stripper; that since her boobs aren't as big as mine nobody will tip her."

I looked at Jana, "You're wrong, you know. You'd make a mint."

Jana look confused, "A mint? A candy? What do you mean?"

"No, no! I said. A mint is also where they print money. You'd have to put up with every other guy asking, 'what a nice girl like you is doing in a place like this?' but all sorts of guys find the sweet ones more attractive than the hot ones. I'm one, for example."

"I don't think I could," Jana said.

"Think about it this way, if all strippers are as hot as Kriszta here, with big boobs, and great ass, what's to separate them from each other?" I asked. "It's attitude, the way they hold themselves, the way they dance, the way they approach the customers. Guys going into a strip club want to see the girls having fun, they want the illusion that the girls enjoy what they're doing, enjoy teasing guys. Some girls (like Kriszta, here) really do enjoy showing themselves off and making guys pant. Other girls just do it for the paycheck and are thinking about how much laundry they have to do and that they need to remember to pick up eggs from the store on the way home."

"How do you know I enjoy it?" Kriszta demanded.

"Come on now, you love every second, don't you?"

"Yes, I do," she admitted.

"I don't think I could get used to being naked in front of strange men," Jana said.

"It does take a bit of practice," Kriszta answered, "and you have to make sure that you don't give a couch dance to the wrong guy."

"Well how am I supposed to tell them apart?" 

"That takes a bit of practice too, but I can teach you that. Jim, for example," Kriszta said, "I can tell that he would be okay. He'd at least ask before copping a feel and he'd be gentle about it...unless you told him to squeeze harder."

"I still don't think I could take my clothes off in front of a strange guy," Jana said.

"If you want to practice being naked in front of a strange guy, I'd be willing to help," I said. "No touching, Kriszta can be there, I won't get rowdy, I promise!" Jana and Kriszta both laughed. 

"I don't think so," Jana said.

"Standing offer, if you change your mind just let me know," I said with a smile. "I'm staying in the building across the street for the next few months, so there's plenty of time." 

"Good try," Kriszta said with a laugh and the girls bustled back to the kitchen as I left the bakery and headed off for work.

At work, Mia and Natasha both kept my thoughts on sex. Mia wore white pants and a clearly visible thong; Natasha again wore a short skirt with thigh-highs and a button down shirt that she barely bothered to button. By the time the day was over I was horny as hell. 

I tried calling Kriszta's cell phone, but there was no answer. I swung past the strip club and watched the girls once through their lineup, but Kriszta wasn't among them so I decided to go back to Doc Watson's. Mila was behind the bar. She smiled at me as I pulled up a stool. "So how was your night with Kriszta?" she asked as she poured me a Leffe. 

"Delicious," I replied. 

"She is tasty," Mila agreed. "So, why aren't you with her tonight?"

"I neglected to make plans with her," I said. "But I'm sure I'll catch up with her again soon... at least I hope so." Mila just smiled and turned to serve another customer. 

I drank my beer and split my time between watching the soccer game without a whole lot of interest and watching Mila serve customers. As Mila poured my second beer, a woman rushed into the bar and started speaking to her in Hungarian. I caught the apology at the beginning of what she said, but none of the rest of it. As she dropped her bag behind the bar and donned an apron it became clear that she was a waitress, and very late.

Mila seemed to forgive her and the waitress set right to work. As she placed my beer in front of me Mila said, "Could you give me a hand with something in the back, please?" 

"Of course," I said without hesitation. I got up from my stool and followed her through the swinging doors into the kitchen. She led me around a few large tables and up some stairs to the second floor. We entered an office, with a couple of desks, a computer, and a couch. A plasma TV was hung on the wall opposite the couch. Mila gestured to the couch and said "Take a seat," then began typing at the computer without sitting down. 

The plasma flickered on and resolved into a scene of Kriszta on her knees on a bed getting fucked vigorously from behind. Mila said "They'll be done in five or ten minutes; Bill always makes that face when he's about to cum," as she walked over to stand before me. "I hope you don't mind being entertained by me while waiting?"

"Not at all," I replied. "Was there something in particular that you had in mind?"

"I was thinking that you could lick my clit until I begged for mercy," she said with a smile.

"I'd love to," I said as I reached out and pulled her onto my lap. We kissed as my hands roamed her body. I pulled off her shirt, then sucked on her large nipples and squeezed the soft flesh of her ass. She stood up, kicked off her shoes, and dropped her pants and panties in a single move. She sat on the couch and I sank to the floor between her legs. I began to eat her out. My tongue slipped through the red pubic hairs to stroke along the lips of her cunt and then back and forth across her clit. Her moans of pleasure soon joined Kriszta's televised screaming to fill the room with erotic sound.

Her hands tangled in my hair as she pressed my face into her hot wet cunt. Her hips bucked and writhed beneath me as my tongue worked her clit. I slipped a finger into her and curled it forward to press against her g-spot. Soon it was too much for her, instead of pulling my head in she was pushing it away and swiveling her hips away from my tongue. I kept up with her movements as best as I could. 

"Stop! Stop!" she cried finally. I sat back on my haunches and wiped her juices from my beard. I sucked the finger that had been inside of her clean and smiled as I watched her catch her breath. She lay limply at one end of the couch, full breasts heaving, legs spread, a fine sheen of sweat all over her soft, full body. 

Finally she opened her eyes. "Wow!" she said, "Kriszta was right!"

"I was going to ask you whether you'd overheard me in the bar or whether you'd talked about me," I said. "Since she's here, I figured you'd talked."

"Women always talk," Mila answered. She glanced at the TV. Bill was lying on the bed, Kriszta wasn't visible. Just then we heard the sound of a shower starting upstairs. "We've got a bit more time," Mila said. "I've tasted a little bit of your cum, but I want to taste a full load. May I return the favor?"

"Absolutely," I said. I untied my shoes and stepped out of them, then pulled off my shirt. Mila, still on the couch, unbuckled my belt and pulled my pants off. She grabbed my cock through my boxers and gave it a few strokes before sliding the boxers down my legs. She leaned forward and took the head of my cock in her mouth, sucked it briefly, then began running her tongue up and down my length. She slurped it hungrily, alternately licking it from end to end and sucking the head between her full lips.  

As Mila worked my cock, I noticed that we had an audience. Kriszta and Bill were standing in the doorway. She wore a short white skirt and a loose blouse. "Do you mind if I join you?" Kriszta asked. 

"Not at all, hon," said Mila, pausing briefly before returning to her labor on my cock.

"I ought to get back to work," Bill said and left the room. Kriszta put her purse on the desk and strutted over to me. She put her arms around my neck and pulled me down to give me a long, passionate kiss. I cupped her ass and then slipped my hand up her skirt to see if she was wearing panties; she was. I stroked her pussy through her panties briefly, then slipped my hand into her blouse to squeeze and pinch at her large, firm tits. 

Soon enough, I was ready to cum and said so. Mila grunted an acknowledgement but didn't pause in her attentions to my cock. She swallowed the first few spurts, then leaned her head back and stroked my cock as I came all over her face and tits. When I was done spurting, she leaned forward and milked the last drops from my cock into her mouth. 

Kriszta slid down as Mila released her hold on my cock and began lapping my cum from her body. I watched as Kriszta slurped up mouthful after mouthful of my cum, spitting each one into Mila's waiting mouth. Soon, all of my cum had been cleaned from Mila's body and deposited into her mouth. Mila and Kriszta began swapping it back and forth between them, tongues twisting and mixing the cum into frothy whiteness. Finally each swallowed about half of it. 

Eventually, Mila said, "I probably ought to get back to work too. You two are welcome to hang out as long as you like up here." She got dressed and left us alone in the room. We talked a little bit about the camera set up. Apparently, Bill was a videophile. It had started as a security system for the bar (and still served that function) but was now mainly a way for him to record sexual escapades. His wife especially enjoyed starring in home made porn films and frequently would pull random guys from the bar up to the third floor for sex. More often than not, the guys had no idea they were being taped. On the occasions that they did find out about it, they usually just wanted a copy for themselves or to make sure that it wasn't going to be distributed further. 

We got up from the couch, got dressed, and made our way downstairs. The bar was packed, but we found some space and had a few drinks, chatting with Mila, Bill, and the other waitress – Sasha – as each came past. After our third round, Kriszta said, "Do you want to go to a club? There's a good band playing at this place I know."

"Sure," I said. So we paid the tab, each kissed Mila goodbye and headed out the door. We got into a taxi and headed to another part of town.

"Everybody at Doc Watson's knows what a whore I am," Kriszta said as the taxi driver risked our lives in Budapest traffic, "but I have a different reputation in some of the other places around town. So when we get to the club, we're just friends okay?" I readily agreed, on condition that I got to finger fuck her until we got to the club. She consented and I spent the next 10 minutes getting her pussy good and wet again.

As we pulled up to the club, she fidgeted in her seat a little, getting her panties back in order. "Damn it, you bastard!" she said. "You went and got me all turned me on again. You'll pay for that. Just remember your promise." As I handed her out of the car I'm sure that she intentionally flashed me her soaking wet panties as the start of her revenge.

Kriszta sweet talked the doormen into letting us in without a wait. The band was just coming on stage. I got us drinks and we watched the first set. As I headed back from the bar with our next round, I noticed Jana to one side speaking with two other women. I made it back Kriszta and said, "Speaking of people who don't know what a whore you are, Jana is here!" 

"Really?" she said with a smile. "Let's go see if we can get her drunk and take advantage of her." We made our way through the crowd. Kriszta tapped Jana on the shoulder. Smiles and hugs of greeting were exchanged. Jana introduced us to her friends, Judit and Tundé. Judit was a tall brunette with brown eyes and a full figure. She wore a clingy red dress and, as near as I could tell, not much else. Tundé was a small blond, with perky little tits and a big round ass. She wore a short denim skirt and white blouse. 

Under Jana's questioning, Kriszta explained that she had run into me at Doc Watson's and suggested that we come see the band. The five of us talked, drank, danced, and listened to the band for the rest of the night. I ended up dancing with each of the girls, in turns and in groups. I enjoyed the variety amongst the four of them; Jana and Tundé were both short with firm bodies and small breasts; Judit had large breasts and was pleasingly soft; Kriszta also had large breasts, but had very firm flesh. It was a great good time. 

As we were getting ready to leave, Jana pulled Kriszta aside for a private conversation. When they came back to the table, Kriszta was grinning from ear to ear. Jana looked at me and blushed, then pulled my head down to hers and said in my ear, "So... would you like to see me strip?"

"Absolutely!" was my instant reply. "Are you sure, though?"

"I haven't been able to think of anything else all day," she told me. "I may be a little drunk now, but I think I'd need to be for the first time. Kriszta's going to come back to your apartment with us. I'll tell the girls that I'll be getting a ride to work with her tomorrow."

Jana spoke to her friends and we all said goodbye. Then we headed home for the night. Judit and Tundé in one cab. Kriszta, Jana, and I in another.