 The taxi dropped us off at the corner. I opened the door to my building and held it for Kriszta and Jana. The women preceded me into the elevator. The girls continued chatting in Hungarian as the elevator lifted us to my floor. We exited the elevator and I guided them to my apartment door. Our voyeur's apartment was dark as we passed.

I led opened my door and escorted them into the living room. As they put their purses down, I took drink orders. They sat on the couch and continued to speak in Hungarian while I fixed and delivered the drinks. I got myself a beer and stood before them with a raised eyebrow.

"Jana asked what it's like to be a stripper, so I was telling her," Kriszta told me.

"And what are you saying?" I asked.

"That I enjoy being admired by men," she said. "That it's a turn on to tease them, and that it's fun to make them do things just because they want to fuck you - whether you let them or not."

"Well, at least you're honest," I told her.

Kriszta smiled. "So would you like to see us strip?" she asked.

"Very much," I replied. 

"What will you give us?"

"My undivided attention, admiration, and accolades" 

"That will do, for now," Kriszta said. She got up, pulled a CD from her purse and moved over to the stereo. I sat down on the couch next to Jana as Kriszta began dancing to the music. She spun, gyrated, and moved around the room. By the end of the first song she'd unbuttoned her blouse and flashed us her full, round breasts. As the second song began, she unzipped her skirt, and swished her hips back and forth until it fell to the ground. She danced in panties and blouse throughout most of the rest of the song, finishing it up by taking off the blouse, swinging it around her head, and throwing it at Jana. 

Jana laughed. Kriszta moved around the coffee table and stepped up onto the couch. She stood for a few beats with one foot on either side of me, her thong covered crotch (and a clearly visible wet spot) directly in front of my face. She leaned against me and the wall and began sliding her body down mine. I reveled in the feel of her firm flesh as it passed across my face and down my body. I managed to control my urge to grab her and fuck her hard on the coffee table right then. She finished on her knees between my legs, her tits pressing around my throbbing erection. She bounced along to the song for a few beats, then stood up. She took Jana by the hand and pulled her out into the middle of the living room. 

"Dance with me," Kriszta said. Jana began moving to the beat. I watched these two beautiful women dance for the remainder of the song. Aside from the fact that Kriszta was wearing only a white thong, it wasn't anything that you wouldn't have seen in a club in America, but I enjoyed it immensely. If nothing else, it's usually considered impolite to stare in public the way that I was. 

As the next song began, Kriszta started to tug at Jana's shirt. Jana cooperated and within moments Kriszta had it over her head and tossed at mine. I caught it and draped it neatly next to where Jana had left Kriszta's blouse on the couch's arm. Krista next moved to Jana's skirt, stretching the cottony material over her round ass and down her shapely legs. They finished dancing to the song with Jana down to her bra and panties. 

As the next song began Kriszta said, "All guys like fake lesbianism – let me take your bra off." Jana stepped closer to Kriszta and reached up to put her arms on Kriszta's shoulder. As Kriszta reached behind her to unhook Jana's bra, their lips brushed in the briefest of kisses. Jana spun around, her back pressed against Kriszta but her arms still above her head. Kriszta slid her hands up Jana's side, dislodged the bra from over her breasts and slid it up off her arms. 

Jana's breasts were perky, with small upturned nipples. The bra was tossed to me. I put it with the rest of their clothes without taking my eyes from the women dancing topless in my living room. Kriszta began running her hands up and down Jana's sides, lightly and hesitantly at first but then more boldly. I watched as Kriszta squeezed Jana's tits and caressed her smooth, flat belly. Jana kept her arms up and swayed with Kriszta to the beat of the music. I could see the dark shadow of Jana's pussy hair through her light blue panties. 

As the next song began, Jana said something to Kriszta in Hungarian. Kriszta smiled and said "In English it's called a 'couch dance.' Would you like me to show you how it's done?" Jana just nodded.

They moved over to the couch. Jana sat down next to me. Kriszta said "Usually you'll be wearing whatever outfit you're dancing in. So you stand in front of him and take it off, maybe leaning in and brushing against him after each item," she demonstrated by passing her bare tits across my face then straightening up again. "But, generally, you don't want to take to long getting down to it because at this point he's only thinking about having you for one song. So, over at Cica-mica we take it all off and then start."

Kriszta turned away from me and pulled down her thong as she bent over. As she had the night before, she paused when she slid her feet out of the thong to let me see the bulge of her pussy below the round curves of her ass. She stood up and turned around, then stepped up onto the couch so that her pussy was again in my face. I breathed deeply of her scent and somehow managed to resist the temptation of flicking my tongue across her clit. 

She slid herself down my body again. This time instead of moving away after bouncing her tits on my cock, she slid back up and began rubbing them in my face. "You've got to remember that you can't kiss the guys," she explained to Jana. "If you do, he'll think he's free to do whatever he wants to you. As it is, you have to be prepared for a guy to grope you a bit." I took this as my cue to gently cup her ass cheeks in my hands. "The best way to handle it (if you don't want him touching you there, of course), is this..." she pushed at my arms, I moved them away from her ass. Then she rolled over so that she was sitting on my lap and took my hands in hers. She slid my hands up her thighs and across her belly (carefully avoiding any contact with her pubic hair) until they were just below her tits. She held my hands there and began rotating her ass against my crotch. 

"You have his hands where they won't do any harm and you've distracted him from trying anything more. If you toss in a positive comment about the size of his cock, he'll just lay back and let you do whatever you want to him," Kriszta continued. She added something else in Hungarian that made Jana giggle in surprise.

"What did you say?" I asked.

"Hush and enjoy," she told me. No fool, I, I did as I was told. 

As the song came to an end Kriszta said, "This is the point where you try to get him to stay for another. You're already here, you've already got him where you want him, no sense in going out and trying to find a new mark if you can avoid it. So you tell him how much you enjoyed it and ask if he wants another. If he's been a good sport so far, I'll usually let him squeeze a tit at this point too, just to try to seal the deal." She matched word to deed and placed one of my hands on her tit. 

I squeezed and pinched her stiff nipples while saying, "I'd love another couch dance."

Kriszta smiled and moved my hands down to my sides. She swiveled around on me again and began pressing her tits in my face. "Usually on the second dance, I'll let the guy go a bit further." I flicked my tongue across her nipple and reached up to squeeze her ass again. "But not that much further," she said with a laugh and slid down to rub her tits against my cock again. Kriszta looked up at Jana, "Would you like to try?" 

Jana blushed and then said, "Yes, I would." Kriszta stood up and pulled Jana to her feet. She positioned the smaller woman in front of me and said, "Do it just like I did." Jana bent over at the waist and pulled down her panties. She almost lost her balance as she stepped out of them but caught herself by putting a hand on the floor. The bulge of her pussy was clearly visible below the curving cheeks of her ass.  

She stood up and turned around in a rush. Then hesitantly put a foot up on the couch. Kriszta offered her a hand as she stepped up onto the couch. When Kriszta let go, Jana almost fell forward onto me, bringing her pussy much closer to my face than she'd intended. I breathed in her scent and noted two things – she had the biggest clitoris I'd ever seen and she was so excited the juices were almost dripping from her lips. 

Jana steadied herself with a hand against the wall, then stepping between my legs began sliding her body down mine. She slid a bit too far and ended with her cheek pressing against my raging erection. My cock bounced against her face and she sat back in surprise. She said something to Kriszta in Hungarian that made the blonde laugh, then leaned forward to press her perky tits against my cock.

I swept her dark hair out of the way so that I could look into her brown eyes and asked her what she'd said. Kriszta laughed and sat down on the couch next to me. "She said that I was right, you do have a big cock," she whispered in my ear, "and she said that she wants to suck on it." I gasped as this penetrated my lust-sodden brain.

Jana began to slowly undo my pants. Once the fly was open, she reached in and stroked my cock through my boxers. Then she pulled both jeans and boxers off of me at the same time. My cock stood straight out from my belly it was so hard. Jana took it in her hand and began licking along its length and sucking on the cock-head. Kriszta leaned over and began kissing me. I caressed Kriszta's breasts as our tongues swirled around each other. 

After a few moments of this, I said "Kriszta, I want to lick your pussy." Kriszta stood on the couch and pressed her pussy against my face. I flicked her clit with my tongue and then slurped the juices from her pussy lips. We went on like this for a while, me eating Kriszta out while Jana sucked and licked at my cock. Soon I noticed that both women were moaning. Kriszta managed to stay standing as she came. 

After she recovered she stepped away from me so that I could see Jana, still sucking my cock, with one of her hands buried in her sopping wet pussy. As she realized that I was watching her she trembled slightly and blushed. She stopped sucking and rested her dark head on my lap for a few moments, unable to meet my eyes. She looked up at me and said, "I've never managed to cum before the guy has."

"It's pretty rare that I cum from oral stimulation alone," I told her. "I jerked off too much as a teenager or something." Both women laughed. 

"Do you cum from sex?" she asked.

"Of course," I replied. 

"Good," she said as she straddled my lap. "I want you to cum inside me." She took my prick in her hand and guided it between the lips of her pussy. She wrapped her arms around my neck and leaned in to flick her tongue across my lips and then thrust it into my mouth. We kissed passionately as my hands moved over her tight little body, caressing her legs, squeezing her firm ass, rubbing her engorged clit, sliding lightly along her firm belly, squeezing her small firm tits, and pinching her up-thrust nipples. We came up for air. I looked over Jana's shoulder to see Kriszta sitting on the coffee table, legs spread wide, fingering her cunt as she watched Jana ride me. "That's hot," I said. 

Jana turned her head and saw what Kriszta was doing. She let out a soft moan and said, "I want to watch too." She climbed off of me and turned around then sat back down, again taking my cock in hand and guiding me into her dripping wet pussy. I cupped a perky tit with one hand and rubbed her huge clit with the other as we watched Kriszta insert a third finger into her pussy. 

After a few strokes, Kriszta pulled her hand out of her cunt and stood up. She stepped forward and dangled her hand in my face. I stretched up and began lapping the pussy juice from her fingers. To my surprise, Jana joined in, taking one of Kriszta's pussy juice drenched fingers all the way into her mouth and sucking it clean. Kriszta was startled too, but not for long. 

As soon as we'd licked her hand clean she knelt between my legs, licked briefly at my balls and the base of my cock and then began sucking on Jana's clit. Jana moaned and began bucking on my cock. Soon it was too much for me. "I'm about to cum," I gasped 

"Shoot it in me!" Jana yelled as I convulsed and fired my second load of the day into her wet, waiting cunt. As I started to cum, Kriszta returned her magic tongue to my balls. Neither of the women let up on me as my orgasm surged and spurt after spurt of semen shot up into Jana's pussy. Eventually, I collapsed back on the couch, spent. Jana lifted off of me and my cock flopped into Kriszta's waiting mouth. She licked me clean of Jana's juices and milked the last drops of semen from my cock. Then she moved over and began lapping at Jana's sopping cunt. She slurped up the mingled juices, pausing every so often to kiss Jana deeply and share the sloppy goodness. As Kriszta worked to suck all of my cum out of her, Jana thrashed in another orgasm. 

Once done, we cuddled for a bit on the couch, one woman on either side of me, gently caressing each other and trading kisses between all three of us. Kriszta told me that she'd told Jana about our adventures, both alone and with Mila. Jana told us that she'd had lesbian experiences before, and that she'd had sex before, but that she'd never been a part of a threesome. Kriszta asked us if we wanted to hear about her first lesbian experience, and of course we did.