 Jana turned off her cell phone, tossed it back into her purse and climbed back onto my lap. "They'll be over in a few minutes," she said and began kissing my neck and grinding her pussy against my still erect cock. 

"How did you know her number?" I asked.

"The brunette is my sister, Dana," she told me (she pronounced it like the American "Donna" and so that it rhymed with "Jana"). "She called me yesterday after recognizing me with you and Kriszta the night before. Her friend, Erika, hasn't had a boyfriend for a while and is really horny. She doesn't want to just fuck some guy she meets at a bar since she once met a psycho that way. Since you want to fuck her, it works out for everybody."

"So your quizzing about whether or not I wanted to fuck them last night was just to find out if I wanted to fuck Erika?" 

"Partly, but I was also curious what you'd say about the lesbian aspect of it." 

"So if you knew that you were going to give me the opportunity to fuck Erika, why'd you pull the shades last night?"

"Before I met you, I wanted all of my boyfriends to want me and me alone. It never worked out that way and I couldn't deal with it. With you, though, I don't feel like that. Maybe it's because during our first time Kriszta shared you with me, or maybe I'm just getting older. I trust you and feel safe with you. Plus, as you may be able to tell from how wet my pussy is, the idea of being here while you fuck Erika turns me on." I could feel her pussy juices leaking from her and coating my cock, even though I wasn't actually inside of her. 

"That's the reason for our deal. I want you to be satisfied and it excites me to think of you fucking other women, but I want to have some control over it. Kriszta was telling me that Mónika and her husband have the same kind of deal and it seems to have worked for them. Last night, we hadn't made the deal and I didn't know how to bring it up. I also just wanted to have you to myself before I shared you with somebody else again." She dropped her eyes and blushed a little as she said this last part. 

I put a hand to her chin and brought her eyes up to meet mine. "Thank you for being honest with me. If you ever want to change your mind about our deal let me know. I meant it about choosing you over Kriszta, and I'd choose you over Erika or any other woman–Hungarian or not–that I've met." I put my hand behind her head, pulled her to me, and kissed her deeply and tenderly. We necked for a bit and she continued to rock her pussy lips back and forth across my raging erection without allowing actual penetration. 

Our kissing broke off with a knock at the door and a comment from Dana in Hungarian through the open window. Jana climbed off of me, said something to Dana in Hungarian and then went to answer the door. The girls entered the apartment with a burst of Hungarian and Jana led them into the bedroom.

Dana was taller than her sister, with darker hair that reached almost to her shoulders. She had a pixie face, with dark blue eyes and a mischievous smile that always seemed to be playing around her thin lips. Her breasts and ass were smaller than her sister's, but her body was just as firm. She was wearing a blue t-shirt and a white skirt. 

Erika was even taller than Dana. Her straight blond hair fell evenly to the top of her round breasts. She had apple cheeks and a broad smile that revealed large, even white teeth. Her narrow waist flared to almost surprisingly broad hips. She wore a white t-shirt and denim shorts.

I stood up, still naked, and shook hands with Dana and then Erika. The eyes of both girls seemed constantly drawn to my erect member as it bounced and waved with each of my movements. Erika said something to Dana in Hungarian.

"Pardon me?" I said. The girls laughed.

"Erika said that it looks bigger in person than from across the courtyard," Jana told me. "She understands English, but doesn't think she speaks it very well."

I looked at Erika and said, "However bad your English may be, it's bound to be better than my Hungarian. So please be gentle when you hear me do terrible things to your language and do not be shy about abusing mine." They all laughed. "May I offer you each a drink?"

Dana asked for a vodka and cranberry on the rocks, a request that Erika and Jana both joined. I walked into the living room and in short order returned with a pitcher of vodka and cranberry and four glasses. In my absence, the girls had closed the windows and drawn the shades. Jana had put on one of my shirts, but not buttoned it so that when she moved I saw flashes of breast, belly, butt, and pubic hair. She was sitting on the bed. Dana and Erika were each sitting on an arm of the chair in which Jana had so recently been riding me. 

"Not fair that I'm the only one naked," I said as I distributed drinks to each of the girls. They laughed. 

Dana said, "From what I hear you've enjoyed your fair share of looking at each of our naked bodies."

"I was as naked as each of you were at the time," I said. "They could have looked as much as they liked. Besides, I can never get enough of looking at beautiful women."

"There's nothing stopping you from looking at us now," Dana said.

"Ah, but the naked-er the better," I said. 

"Well, I've got a boyfriend," Dana said. "So please don't think that you'll be doing anything with me."

"First of all, I would never do anything with an unwilling woman–particularly one with a boyfriend. Secondly, I was only anticipating doing anything with Erika, since she was the only one that Jana mentioned. Lastly, why would you think that I wanted to do something with you?" I asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Because I'm a stunning example of Hungarian womanhood," Dana answered proudly. 

"Oh?" I said innocently. "I've seen your sister – and she certainly is a stunning example of womanhood, Hungarian or otherwise. It's a pretty high bar to reach. Are you sure that you measure up?" 

"Quite sure," Dana responded. 

"Well then prove it," I said sitting down next to Jana on the bed and taking a sip of my drink. "Show me what makes you such a stunning example of Hungarian womanhood and I'll be the judge of whether you make the grade." Erika and Jana both laughed. Jana began slowly stroking my cock with her free hand.

Dana put her drink down on the small table and got up from the chair. Striking a pose at the foot of the bed she said, "First, I have a gorgeous face and a fantastic smile."

"Granted, but there are plenty of women with both of those."

"Hush, I'm not done," she said. She turned and lifted her skirt, exposing a light blue g-string and her tight little ass. "Look at my ass," she said, "it's perfectly formed and tight as a drum." She gave herself a resounding smack. She took off her shirt and turned to face me and her sister. "My breasts are perfectly sized to be cupped in a hand and nibbled on. My nipples are incredibly sensitive and hard almost constantly." She cupped her breasts and squeezed them together. "And that's just my body," she said. "I have the soul of a poet, the eye of an artist, and a mind like a steel trap." 

"You're humble too," I said with a smile. "As far as I can see, there's just two things wrong with you."

"What?" she demanded.

"One: you're still wearing clothes and two: even if you were naked you still wouldn't let me do anything to you." Jana and Erika laughed as they realized the position I'd worked Dana to. She couldn't back down and let me do anything sexual to her, but I'd managed to get it included as a requirement for reaching the 'high bar of Hungarian womanhood.' 

"A Hungarian woman keeps her promises," Dana said. "That shouldn't count against me." 

"Ah, but I'm the one judging and so it does."

"Well, what if I took off my skirt?"

"That would be an improvement, I'll overlook the g-string as a decoration." Dana dropped her skirt to the floor. Although I tried, I couldn't see any sign of pubic hair through the thin fabric of her g-string.

I looked over at Erika and said with a smile, "Well, you're the only one who is still decently dressed. Would you care to join us in nudity?" She glanced at Dana and Jana. Jana said something to her in Hungarian. Dana jumped on the bed next to her sister and shouted agreement. Erika looked down for a moment, then, setting her resolve, she stood up and walked to the foot of the bed.

She stripped off her shirt in front of us, the other girls clapped. Her breasts were rounder and larger than Jana's with hard little nipples. She tossed her shirt on the chair and put on a little show of squeezing her tits together and pinching the nipples. She ran her hands along the top of her shorts, then unbuttoned them and, turning away from us, slid them down her long shapely legs. Her ass blended smoothly into the top of her thigh without a line even when she stood up straight. Wearing only her lacy white thong panties she crawled onto the bed and gave Dana a long tongue kiss.

After Dana had been thoroughly kissed and lightly felt up, Erika moved over to Jana. They kissed and squeezed each other, caressing breasts and buttocks and lightly running their fingers across each other's pussies. The exchanged a few words in Hungarian, then Erika moved over and began kissing me. My raging erection pressed against her belly, then her thigh as she moved up my body. Our tongues flicked over and across each other. I rolled one of her nipples between my fingers and cupped her ass with the other hand. 

I glanced up to see how Jana was taking this. She and Dana were both watching with rapt attention. I noticed Dana's hand moving against Jana's pussy underneath my shirt just before I went back to kissing Erika as she rubbed her body against mine. She began kissing down my chest and sliding her body down mine, leaving a trail of kisses along my neck, around each nipple, and across my stomach until she reached my cock, still slick with Jana's pussy juices. She took it in her hand and began licking and sucking on it. I leaned over and began kissing Jana as her sister started working her fingers in and out of Jana's cunt more vigorously. 

Jana broke our kiss and said, "I want to watch you fuck her, Jim."

I reached down and nudged Erika's mouth off of my cock. She looked up and Jana said something to her in Hungarian. Erika smiled and agreed. Jana pushed me to get off the bed, which I did. She slid into my spot and Erika moved between the two dark-haired sisters. 

Jana shrugged out of my shirt and pulled Erika's panties off. Then each sister grabbed one of Erika's legs at the knee and spread them wide open. I knelt in the middle of the bed, and briefly ran my tongue up and down Erika's sopping wet pussy lips. She had a little landing strip of pubic hair above her pussy. After just a few circumnavigations Erika grabbed my head and pulled me up to kiss her. 

Dana reached between us with her free hand and rubbed Erika's pussy twice before spreading her lips wide open, fingers resting on top of each lip. Jana reached down and grabbed my cock. She guided me into Erika's pussy, ensuring that the head of my cock rubbed against her sister's fingers before penetrating the other girl. Once my head was properly positioned, Jana began smacking my ass and telling me to fuck Erika hard. Each smack drove my cock a little deeper into her. Dana kept her hand where it was, gently squeezing my cock between her fingers as she moved her hand against Erika's pussy lips and clit. Erika's hands roamed along my back as we fucked. 

In what seemed like no time, Erika was cumming, her eyes closed, her head thrown back, a long, loud cry of pleasure drawn from the depths of her long unsatisfied lust. I managed to hold back my own orgasm, although it was a near thing, especially when Dana's fingers "accidentally" gave my cock a hard squeeze. Once Erika was done cumming, the sisters let go of her knees and Dana removed her hand from between us. Erika wrapped them around me and stretched, pressing her entire body up against me. 

"That was good," she said.

"I'm glad you liked it," I returned and gave her a kiss. "You're English is fine."

"Very small," she said. "Not like you," and bucked her hips up against my still hard cock. I started moving inside of her again, slowly building the pace. I leaned over and kissed Jana. She and Dana were fingering themselves as they watched me and Erika fuck. Soon Erika and I were fucking violently again, she was screaming something in Hungarian. 

"I'm going to cum," I said. 

"Cum inside of her, Jim!" Jana urged.

"Yes! Yes!" Dana agreed. "Fill that big slut up with your hot cum! Shoot it inside of her! Do it! Do it!" Each of the sisters had three fingers furiously working their pussies, Jana in a fast circular motion around her clit, Dana in and out still concealed to some extent by the little patch of fabric on the front of her g-string. 

I came inside of Erika, pumping load after load of hot cum up into her cunt. She came with me, answering each of my thrusts with a heave of her hips. Jana and Dana each had small orgasms of their own lying to either side of us. I collapsed on top of Erika. 

When we'd caught our breath, I gave her a gentle kiss before slowly pulling my softening cock from her hot, wet pussy. I leaned back against one of the bedposts at the foot of the bed and watched these three women recline after their orgasms. 

Erika rolled over slightly and kissed Jana. They exchanged a few words in Hungarian and kissed some more while fondling each other. Then Erika rolled towards Jana and the two of them began kissing and fondling each other. Jana moved down to the foot of the bed with me. We kissed.

"Did you like fucking Erika?" she asked.

"Yes. Did you like watching?"

"Yes, it was very exciting." She moved against me and said, "but your cock needs to be properly cleaned." With that she moved back up towards the head of the bed and began licking and sucking my flaccid member. Throughout our relationship, Jana always seemed to be able to get me hard one more time if she wanted to. This was the first time that she worked her magic on me. 

As Jana returned my cock to life, her sister got on all fours between Erika's long legs and began eating her friend out. As she set to work, I could see my cum slowly leaking out of Erika's pussy. Dana's tight little ass was raised high in the air as her head and tongue moved along the blonde's pussy lips, sucking down her pussy juice mingled with my cum. I was dying to pull the thin fabric from Dana's pussy and plunge my now raging erection into her. 

Instead I pulled Jana away from my cock and said, "I want to fuck you while you eat your sister out." 

She smiled knowingly but willingly flipped over and slid beneath her sister's rotating hips. Jana pulled the thin fabric of Dana's g-string to the side and pulled down on her sister's ass until the younger woman's completely shaven cunt was in range of her talented tongue. She began licking all along the lips and flicking her tongue back and forth, up and down at the clit. 

I stood up at the foot of the bed (the three of them filling its length) and lifted Jana's hips. Her knees went over my elbows I brought her up and rubbed my erection along her pussy lips and into the trimmed tangle of pubic hair at the top. All three girls were moaning with shared pleasure as I penetrated Jana's pussy and began slowly fucking her. I love sex in that position, the degree of control over depth and speed is phenomenal. Since Jana was so small, holding her up was no problem. 

I maintained a slow, steady pace as the girls continued to eat each other out. My eyes were largely fixed on Dana's ass and pussy. When Jana began finger fucking Dana as she continued to eat her out, it was almost impossible for me not to imagine that it was my cock she was sliding in and out of her sister. 

Erika began thrashing as her orgasm built, she was holding Dana's head against her cunt and saying stuff I didn't understand. Jana increased the pace of her tongue and fingers against Dana's pussy and I matched my pace in Jana's. Erika let out a shriek and convulsed around Dana's head when her orgasm finally peaked. Erika's orgasm sent Dana into a shuddering spasm of orgasm herself and Dana's orgasm along with my starting to rub her clit set off Jana. 

As the girls collapsed in post-orgasmic bliss, I pulled my still erect cock out of Jana's sopping wet pussy. It glistened with her juices. I watched them lie there for a few moments. Then Erika opened her eyes and saw me standing at the foot of the bed with a still proud cock. She gestured me towards her. I walked around the bed, she climbed out of it and got on her knees. She took my cock in her mouth and began sucking on it. 

Jana and Dana were watching closely as Erika deepthroated my cock. Jana gave me a big smile, Dana gave Erika a cheer. Erika pulled up a little and looked up at me. Then glanced at the girls on the bed and said something to them while stroking my cock. The words had barely left her mouth before she put my cock back in and began taking its' length down her throat once more. "She wants you to cum in her mouth and on her face, Jim," Jana told me. "Just like you did to me earlier."

Jana stood up on the bed and leaned down onto my shoulder. "Cum in her mouth, Jim," she whispered in my ear. "Shoot your load all over her face so I can lick it off of her. Cover her in your cum." She went on in the vein, but not for long. Between her encouragement and Erika's capability I began cumming shortly, firing my semen into her mouth and in long, ropy strands across her cheeks and onto her tits. Given all the activity of the past 24 hours, it wasn't my biggest load ever, but Erika seemed happy with it. She milked the last of my cock into her mouth before standing up. 

Jana hopped down off the bed and pulled Erika's face down to so that she could lick my cum from her face. Dana watched with her hand moving slowly against her own cunt. With each slurp, Jana kissed Erika and pushed my cum into her mouth. Soon Erika was clean and had a mouthful of my sperm. She and Jana passed it back and forth several times before they each swallowed half of it.

"I'm hungry," Dana said.

"Well you should've said something sooner," her sister replied, "we would've shared!" Dana stuck her tongue out at Jana. "Too late for that to work too!" Jana said and smacked her sister on the ass. 

We decided to clean up and then go out for dinner. Erika and Dana went back to Erika's apartment, Jana and I took a quick shower together and got dressed. The four of us met downstairs fifteen minutes later and were on our way.