 I went outside and stretched out on my lounge chair face up. Knowing smiles were exchanged between Dana and Amália, but thankfully neither of them said anything to me. Within a minute, Jana rejoined us. We sunned for another half-hour or so, then Amália left to get ready for her date and the rest of us went inside to shower one by one. We watched a movie (English with Hungarian subtitles). 

Dana cooked dinner while Mrs. Gecinyelo got ready for her own evening out and Jana and I fondled each other on the couch. Mrs. Gecinyelo reappeared as Dana was finishing up. She was wearing the white dress and thong combination that was then the fashion. Her darkly tanned skin really set off the white of the dress. I had trouble not staring at her large round breasts as they swung untethered beneath the top of the dress and frequently threatened to spill out entirely. Dana was a good cook. After a delicious dinner, Mrs. Gecinyelo left to meet her friend for drinks. She told us not to wait up with a laugh. There was no awkwardness when she gave me a hug brief kiss goodbye. The younger girls and I cleaned up the kitchen with a bare minimum of fondling and grinding while discussing how we should spend the evening. 

"Do you trust us?" Dana asked me.

"Almost as far as I can throw you," I said. "Why do you ask?"

"I've got some handcuffs that it might be fun for you to wear," she replied with a big smile and a wicked gleam in her eye. 

"As long as you're both willing to take turns wearing them, I'd be happy to go first." 

Dana kissed me, her tongue pressing deeply into my mouth. "I'm so glad you said that. I'll meet you in Jana's room. Be naked!" She turned and strutted off to her bedroom.

Jana took my hand and led me into her room. She took off my shirt, then my shorts and my boxers. Kneeling before me still fully clothed, she began sucking gently on my erect cock. A few minutes later, Dana walked into the room. She was naked and carrying a small bag. She pulled a vibrator out of the bag and dropped it on her sister's bed. She pulled the handcuffs out of the bag and walked over to show them off. They were black leather bracers connected by a 10" long leather strap. The buckles on the bracers and the metal rings connecting them to the strap were all shiny brass. 

"If I say 'red light' whatever's going on stops and these come off," I said looking first Dana, then Jana in the eyes.

"Per se," Dana said. Jana nodded around my cock and kept sucking in a slow rhythm. I offered Dana both wrists. She strapped the bracers on me, first my left wrist then my right, pulling the straps tight so that there was no way I could wriggle free of them. She used the strap to pull my hands to her small breasts. "Pinch the nipples," she said. I followed instructions. She got up on her tiptoes and we kissed, tongues flickering back and forth into each other's mouths, as I continued to pinch and squeeze her nipples. 

"Lie down on the bed," Dana told me and began digging through her bag. I waited for Jana to let my cock slip from her mouth before stretching out on the bed. Dana pulled out another leather strap. This one was slightly longer than the one between my cuffs and had brass clasps at both ends. 

"Put your hands up by the headboard," she ordered me; I complied. She crawled up my body, giving my cock and nipples quick licks as she passed and pressing her body against mine. She straddled my chest and pressed her tits in my face as she grabbed my arms, linked the new strap to my right cuff, wrapped it around the posts of the headboard, and linked the other end to my left cuff. She ran her hands down my arms, tickling when she reached my armpits and causing me to squirm beneath her. 

"It's so much more fun when they're ticklish," she commented to her sister. Jana smiled and joined in, tickling my armpits then my feet with only the briefest of caresses for the rest of my body in between. I could tell Dana was enjoying this from the wetness of her cunt as it pressed against my chest and belly while I twisted beneath her. She slid down me until my cock was lodged at the entrance of her cunt. She caressed me as we kissed. I heaved my hips beneath her, trying to work my cock up into her.

"No, no!" she said with a smile and slid up my body. I heard the vibrator start to buzz. Dana climbed up and straddled my face. She made it a point to keep her hairless cunt out of reach of my striving tongue. Jana slid herself up my body, running first the vibrator then her tongue across my skin. My cock passed beneath both, then between her tits and came to rest beneath her taut belly. 

The vibrator was a light pink with small, dark pink flowers all over it. Jana began sliding the vibrating rod along her sister's slippery cunt lips. Jana leaned close to me and said, "Do you like seeing my sister's pussy up close like this?"

"Per se."

"Does it make you want to taste her pussy?"

"Yes." She pulled the vibrator from her sister's pussy lips. Dana moaned in protest. Jana wiped it across my lips. I tasted Dana's musky juices.

"Would you like to watch me fuck my little sister with this vibrator?"

"Yes." 

She slid the tip into her sister's waiting pussy. "How deep?" she asked me.

"Deeper," I said. 

She slid it another half inch into her sister. "Deep enough?" she asked me.

"No!" Dana said, "Deeper! Please, deeper!"

"Deeper," I said. Jana gave her sister another half inch of vibrating pink plastic.

"Deep enough?" Jana asked me.

"Please, please more! Deeper!" Dana moaned. She began swiveling her hips and pushing down, trying to get as much of it into her as she could. 

Jana smacked her sister's tight little ass and said, "Stop it! Stop right now or you'll get nothing for the rest of the night!" 

"Please, Jana! Please give me more," Dana begged while holding perfectly still. "I need it! I'm so close!"

"That's up to Jim," Jana said and gave me a kiss. "Aren't I good to you?" she asked me.

"Definitely the best," I said and kissed her back. 

Dana was begging. "Please, Jim! Please tell her to give me more! Tell her to bury it in me! Please! Please! I need it. I'm so close to cumming!" 

It was a first time experience for me, to be simultaneously the one bound and the one being begged for satisfaction. I decided to enjoy it a little longer, regardless of the potential for retaliation. "I don't know," I said. "Why should I tell her to give you more?" 

"Oh, god, Jim! Please? I need it right now! I need to cum; I'm so close! Please? Please?!?"

"Take it out and rub it on her clit," I told Jana. 

Dana let out a whimper as her sister pulled the vibrator out of her dripping pussy and began rubbing it across her tiny clit. "No!" Dana said. "Please, Jim! I need it in my pussy! Please? I'll do anything -- I'll suck you off anytime you ask! I'll let you fuck my ass as hard as you want! Please, just make her fuck me with that thing!"

"Give it to her," I whispered to Jana. "Give it to her hard! Give it to her all at once!"

My girlfriend slid the tip of the vibrator back to the entrance to her sister's pussy and with a single stroke slammed it all the way into her. Dana let out a cry of pure pleasure as the vibrating plastic cock filled her pussy in its entirety. Jana pulled it almost all the way out and then slammed it into her little sister's cunt again. Dana came so hard her pussy juice gushed over her sister's hand and dripped down onto my face. Her screams filled the room. Jana pumped the vibrator in and out of her little sister a few more times, extending Dana's orgasm and drawing more cries of pleasure from her. Finally Dana pushed her sister's hand and the vibrator away from her pussy and collapsed on the bed next to me. 

Jana slid the vibrator into her mouth and began sucking her sister's pussy juice off of it. I flicked my tongue across her hand where some of Dana's juices had leaked. Jana took the vibrator out of her mouth and kissed me. "Do you like tasting my sister's pussy juice in my mouth?" she asked.

"Per se," I said.

"I bet you can't even tell us apart!" she said with a laugh.

"I'll take that bet," said I. "What stakes?"

"Shall we use the same ones that you and Amália came up with?"

"One night apiece?" I asked. "With me owing each of you one night if I lose, and each of you owing me one night if I win? Certainly." 

"All right," Jana said. Dana chimed in with her agreement as well.

"How will we test it?" I asked.

Dana reached into her bag and pulled out a length of dark cloth. "Well, first we blindfold you," she said, "then you taste and tell us who is who."

"All right," I said. 

"Blindfold him," Jana said to her sister.

Dana gave me a kiss and began wrapping the cloth around my head. She tied it tightly. No matter how I squirmed, I couldn't see anything. Someone kissed me, from the angle I thought it was Dana. Jana climbed off of me and I felt Dana climbing off of the bed. The girls whispered to each other in Hungarian briefly. 

Jana said, "Okay, we're ready. Tell us who this is." 

Someone climbed onto the bed and straddled my face. I stretched my tongue and began lapping at a pussy. Small clit, no pubic hair, and the same musky flavor I'd just tasted on Jana's tongue. I flicked my tongue across her clit a few more times and said, "Dana, you taste marvelous as always."

"I'm glad you like it, Jim," Dana said. She ground her pussy down onto my face. After a few more licks she climbed off of me. 

The girls whispered between each other and then someone climbed onto the bed and sat on my face. I felt a brush of pubic hair and I was all prepared to announce that it was Jana, but I was puzzled as my tongue began to explore her. She had pubic hair, but her juice wasn't as sweet as Jana's usually was. I began aggressively licking and sucking at her pussy trying to get her as wet as I could, just to be sure that Jana hadn't fucked herself with Dana's vibrator to confuse things. The woman let out a soft moan as I worked her cunt with my tongue, I didn't recognize her voice. Her juices were flowing now, it definitely wasn't Jana. Her flavor filled my mouth. 

"This isn't Jana or Dana. I don't believe that I've ever tasted this pussy before," I said. "So, I'll guess that it's Amália." 

They laughed. "You're right that it's not me," Jana said. "But we're not going to tell you who it is just yet. First we want her to ride your cock until you cum inside of her." She added something more in Hungarian. The unidentified woman slid herself down my body. Her dripping pussy left a streak of wetness down my chest and belly. Her soft breasts brushed my face and her spicy perfume filled my nose. I tried to grab a nipple with my lips and teeth but she pulled back just as I got a good grip on the hard nub. As her pussy began rubbing against the head of my cock she kissed me, her tongue circling across my lips and pressing into my mouth. I heaved my hips, trying to penetrate her as quickly and deeply as I could. I didn't make much progress, what with being bound and blindfolded and her squirming away. 

"Hold still," Jana said. Someone took my cock in her hand and guided me up and into the mystery woman on top of me. She began riding me slowly. First just the head of my cock was in her, then she took more and more of the shaft, until ultimately I'd penetrated her as deeply as possible and she was bouncing up and down the entire length of my cock. The mystery woman kissed me again then sat up straight and began vigorously riding me. Jana and Dana climbed onto the bed, one on each side of us. I could feel fingers brushing the shaft of my cock as they rubbed her clit and heard kisses and moans being exchanged above me. The mystery woman leaned back as her orgasm started. Her fingernails dug into my legs just above the knee. The pain from her nails and the pleasure from her pulsating cunt combined to push me over the edge. 

"Oh, god!" I said, "I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum inside of you!" I bucked beneath her, driving my cock up into her tight wetness and firing load after load from my throbbing cock. As my orgasm subsided I felt someone lie down next on my right side.

"You were right that it wasn't me," Jana whispered in my ear. "But you were wrong about it being Amália." 

I frowned. Who else could it be? I wondered silently, "Erica?" I asked aloud, preparing to be embarrassed at not recognizing her.

"No," Jana said. She pulled off the blindfold. Mrs. Gecinyelo was straddling me, still breathing heavily, and smiling. Her full, round breasts swung forward as she leaned down and kissed me again, her tongue moved into my mouth. Simultaneously she rotated her hips, swirling my cock in her hot, wet cunt. The fact that I'd just cum inside my girlfriend's hot mom and that she was still actively fucking me helped my cock retain life. I moaned around Mrs. Gecinyelo's tongue as she began bouncing on my cock again. She sat up and began kissing Dana. Dana began rubbing her mom's clit again, her fingertips brushing my cock with each circle.

"So you like fucking my mom?" Jana asked. 

"Oh, god, yes!" We kissed. "Thank you for sharing us with each other," I added when we came up for breath." 

Mrs. Gecinyelo was approaching another orgasm. She let out a series of sharp cries. Jana sat up and took one of her mom's nipples between her teeth, biting it hard. I could feel Mrs. Gecinyelo's cunt contract rhythmically around my throbbing manhood as her orgasm built. Jana began pinching her mom's other nipple while continuing to chew on the one in her mouth. Mrs. Gecinyelo came like a banshee, screaming at the top of her lungs and sinking her nails once more into my legs as her daughters worked her sensitive points.

When it was over, Mrs. Gecinyelo leaned forward and kissed me again. "Good fuck," she said in a thick accent. "Very good fuck."

"Igen, igen, igen. Koszonom szepen," I replied. 

We kissed again and then she rolled off of me and lay down along my left side. My still hard cock was covered with a sloppy mix of her pussy juice and my own cum. Jana began licking and sucking it clean as her sister sank between their mother's widespread thighs and started lapping at her mom's pussy. The sounds Mrs. Gecinyelo made as she began building towards yet another orgasm turned me on even more. She was pushing Dana's face into her crotch, moaning, and saying things in Hungarian that I didn't understand but sounded like the equivalent of "suck my cunt," and "harder, harder!" 

As Mrs. Gecinyelo's orgasm peaked, mine began. I warned Jana that I was about to cum, but this just inspired her to suck and stroke my cock more vigorously. I pumped my cum into my girlfriend's mouth as her mom came next to me. Jana swallowed the first spurt, then let the rest fill her mouth and dribble down my cock to further lubricate her stroking hand. Mrs. Gecinyelo was lying next to me, her eyes closed, her large soft breasts heaving with each breath as she recovered from her orgasm. 

Dana moved over and joined her sister at my cock. She ran her pointed little tongue along my shaft and around her sister's hand, collecting the cum that had dripped there and swallowing as much as she could. Jana passed me to her sister and slid up and across me to nudge her mom. 

Mrs. Gecinyleo opened her eyes, then her mouth. Jana put her fingers one by one in her mom's mouth. Mrs. Gecinyelo sucked my cum from each of them. Then, as Dana continued to milk cum from my cock, Jana spat the partial load she'd collected into her mother's mouth. They kissed each other and pushed the mouthful of my sperm back and forth between them a few times. The sight of my girlfriend and her mom swapping my cum drew several more spurts of the white fluid from my cock and into Dana's waiting mouth. Jana's small, firm breasts pressed against my chest as I watched in fascination while mother and daughter passed my essence between them a few more times before Mrs. Gecinyelo finally swallowed most of it with a big smile. Dana made sure that she'd gotten every drop from my cock before joining her mom and sister in a three way tongue kiss.

Jana set me free while Dana went to get us some wine. We sat on Jana's bed drinking wine and talking. Mrs. Gecinyelo's English was limited to dirty words that she'd picked up watching American porn. But the sisters translated for her as she told me that she loved sex in all its forms and had brought her girls up to enjoy it as much as she did. Mrs. Gecinyelo always knew that Jana would go back to being bi-sexual, it just required the "right guy" as Dana translated it, leaving me feeling flattered and grateful. 

"So what should I have you two do during your twelve hours of service?" I wondered.

"You didn't win that bet!" Dana cried. 

"What do you mean?" I said. "I recognized you and I even recognized it when you girls tried to pull a fast one on me and substituted your mom for Jana."

"You could've used the fact that I shave my pussy bald to tell us apart. Or you could've cheated."

"First of all, I did not cheat -- you tied the blindfold. Secondly, if I was telling you apart by the pubic hair, I'd have been fooled when I ate out your mom."

"You could've heard her come into the room," Jana said. 

"I didn't," I said. "You don't believe that I can recognize you?" I added with mostly mock disappointment in my voice.

"Well, it hasn't been proven conclusively," Jana said with a shrug. 

"But I was right!" I said. "You two just don't want to pay up."

"That's not true, we just want a good test." Dana said. 

"All right, how's this then," I said, "I'll sit in your chair and you blindfold me again. You two," pointing at Jana and Dana, "lie down on the bed. Your mom finger fucks you both until her hands are each coated with your juices. Then she comes over to me and lets me taste each hand. If I can tell which one brought Jana off, you both owe me twelve hours. If not, then I owe each of you twelve hours. Will that conclusively prove it?"

"Yes!" Dana said and reached for the blindfold. Her mom said something in Hungarian and took it from her, then gestured for me to go sit down in the chair at the desk. I did. 

Mrs. Gecinyelo strutted over to me and straddled my lap. As we kissed, I squeezed her ass. It was soft, but well-formed. She broke the kiss and rubbed her breasts in my face. I pulled her closer to me and, taking a deep breath of her spicy perfume, began sucking and biting on her nipples. She had no tan lines on her breasts, but a light one on around her pussy. As I moved my attention between her breasts, I slipped one hand between her legs to rub at her still wet cunt. She let out a moan and started kissing me again. I slipped a finger into her. The fact that I was finger-fucking my girlfriend's mom in front of her and her sister began to bring my nearly worn out cock back to life. 

Jana said something to her mom in Hungarian, I think it was "hurry up" because Mrs. Gecinyelo broke our kiss and tied the blindfold tightly across my eyes. She rubbed her breasts in my face one last time and climbed off of me. For a minute I heard nothing. Then I heard Jana moan. 

"Tell me what's going on," I said.

"Dana and I are on our backs," Jana said. "My mom is finger fucking us. Mmmm that feels so good! Nobody knows how to finger a cunt like my mom! Oh! Dana just bit my nipple." I heard Dana exclaim something in Hungarian. "I got her back though," Jana said. "This feels sooo good..." she lapsed into a series of moans, joined by Dana. They were saying things to each other in Hungarian. I heard their lips smack and more moans. As they got more excited and Mrs. Gecinyelo sped up her pace, I began to hear the squelching of their cunts as their mom finger fucked them simultaneously. Soon enough Dana, then Jana began to cum. The girls' cries filled the room. I couldn't resist slowly stroking my cock as my girlfriend and her sister were brought to near-simultaneous orgasm by their mom just a few feet away from me. 
