 This is the third story submitted by Lexie Lawless. I hope you like these stories and please contact Ryan and I to tell us how you like our stories and share your stories. 

* * * * *

Spotlights illuminated the long, white marble countertop of the bar. The bartender, sleeves rolled up to his elbows, quietly washed glasses in the bar sink. At the end of the bar, a female customer in a light gray business suit sits idly swirling her martini in its glass. It was that in between time of the day for the bar, like the dusk between light and dark. The evening crowd wouldn’t wander in for another hour or two and the last of the lunch crowd had left. The rest of the bar was vacant and dark.

As he set the wet glasses on the counter to dry, the bartender snuck glances at his silent customer. She was tall and thin, a nearly perfect body hidden beneath her conservative suit. The suit jacket was cut like a man’s suit coat and she wore a short pleated skirt. Underneath she had on white hose and flat shoes. Her hair was long and dark, raven colored, crisply pulled back in a severe, professional look.

She sat rigid in her chair. Her only movement was her eyes flicking up occasionally to look at the television set hanging over the bar. Otherwise, she was mesmerized by her martini. The bartender wondered what would make such a lovely young woman so aloof and alone. He gave up making small talk. Other than re-filling her martini, he left her alone.

Two young men burst unexpectedly into the bar. They were young businessmen in dark suits, starched white shirts and power ties. Serious young warriors of the business world, just in from their first conquest. Animatedly they congratulated each other on the real estate closing that they had just attended. It was clear that a big deal had just been closed and the young men were in the mood to celebrate. 

The bartender greeted them as they entered the bar. The woman swirled her martini without looking up.

They picked a table near the bar, but not too close. Instinctively they knew that the woman at the bar was more agreeable to the eye than to the heart. Both men stole glances of her while they began their celebration. Turned slightly sideways in her chair, her long legs were impressive. She was stunning, but unapproachable.

The young turks started with vodka martinis, Absolut of course. Chatting and laughing, they consumed several martinis, talking about everything from the deal which they had just closed to sports to women. The bar remained empty, but for the two men, the girl and the bartender.

After the third round, the topic turned to their options for the evening. After the martini load they had taken on, and the lack of even so much as a glance from the girl, they were preparing to shower and prepare for a night out on the town.

After the bartender delivered what they noisily announced as their fourth and last martini, the young woman appeared at their table. 

“May I join you?” She said.

She was stunning. Her complexion was dark and smooth. A natural beauty.

Pulling up a chair without waiting for an answer, she introduced herself. Extending her hand to the closest man, she said. “Call me Mona. I’m not going to tell you my real name. You will never see me again after today. If you want to be my real life fantasy buy me a drink and tell me your names.?”

The nearest man to her reached out and shook her hand. She had a firm, dry handshake. “My name is Jeff. This is my business partner Dave.”

Jeff was medium height, but was broad through the chest and shoulders. He had sandy blonde hair and blue eyes. His pale complexion was dotted with freckles all over his nearly hairless body.

Dave was taller and had a dark complexion. Not as athletically built as Jeff, but handsome all the same. He wore a full beard, speckled with red and black tones.

“Are you guys gay, or in town on business?” Her smile was bewitching. She lit another cigarette.

“Oh no, very much not gay.” Jeff choked his answer out, a little taken back by her directness. 

“That’s good. It’d be a shame to see you two butt fucking each other.” She lit up another cigarette. “Would one of you gentlemen order a martini for me?”

Another round appeared and the conversation turned immediately to sex. Initial impressions weren’t always correct. Her aloofness fell away as she openly discussed her failed relationships and sexual encounters. The men were shocked by her desire to discuss every sexual detail of her former lovers. What they liked, what they didn’t like, what bizarre acts they had tried.

By the end of their first round of martinis together, they were all squirming in their chairs with sexual tension. Mona had always considered herself sexually adventurous, but she had never picked up two strange men in a bar, with the clear intention of having a threesome. She felt set free by the fact that these men would never know her real name, where she lived, where she worked, she was free to be anyone that she wanted to be and to do anything that she wanted to do.

She crushed out her cigarette in the ash tray. “I have to go pee." Pointing to Jeff, "You. Come with me?” She arched an eyebrow at the men, scooting her chair back as she spoke.

The two men eyed each other, both caught slightly off guard. Jeff shrugged his shoulders and obeyed her. As he stood, she looped an arm through his and they wandered off to the back of the bar. Dave flagged down the bartender for another round as he watched them leave.

When they couple reached the bathrooms, Jeff pulled away as if to leave her and go to the men’s room. “When I said join me, I meant join me.” She pulled him into the woman’s bathroom. Stepping inside, she pulled the door closed behind them, but did not lock it.

Grabbing him by the inside of his waistband, she pulled him hard to her. They kissed fiercely. Tongues thrust deeply into each other’s mouth. She cupped his crotch with her hand. She could feel his hardness through his pants. His cock was large and bursting to get out.

She ground her hips into his crotch, feeling his hardness against her stomach. His hands were groping now, lifting up her skirt, fighting to pull down her panties and her white hose. Pulling away from him, she stopped him. 

“I’ve got to pee. But I want you to be busy while I’m gone.” She pulled him over to the bathroom counter. The bathroom had a mirror running the length of the room. Running beneath the mirror was five sinks and a long counter top. There were chairs pushed under the counter. She pulled one of the chairs out and pushed him down into it. Reaching down, the unbuckled his pants and unzipped his fly. She stepped back, admiring her work.

“Drop your pants down around your ankles.” He obliged, sliding his pants and boxers off, letting them fall down around his ankles. His cock was a medium length but was thick in girth and heavily veined. She licked her lips involuntarily, watching it standing at attention.

“I’m going to go in here and pee. I want you to stroke your cock and think of me while I’m gone.” She reached up to the soap dispenser over the sink and filled her palm with soap. Reaching down, she covered his cock with the soap. 

“Go to work, I want to hear your from the stall.”

Sitting in the chair, his hand began stroking his thick cock, the soap making his hand slide easily over this cock head, making a wet clicking sound. He leaned back in the chair and masturbated. He could see her clothes dropping to the floor in the bathroom stall. He imagined her naked body as he stroked himself.

She emerged from the stall naked. She had let her long raven hair loose. It hung around her shoulders like a shawl. She walked purposely over to him and climbed up on the chair. Straddling him on the chair, she positioned her pussy over his mouth and leaned forward to rest her hands on the counter, her black hair hung down around them both. He began nibbling the inside of her thighs, slowly working his way up to her pussy. Her pussy was completely shaven and was dripping with her juices already. She pulled her hips toward him, giving him easy entry into her pussy. He started licking her, pushing his tongue into her, tasting her juices. Her pussy juices soon covered his face. He found her clit with his tongue. It was hard and swollen. 

The bathroom door squeaked open. Dave had given up and come to find them. He admired her beautiful body as she stood naked on the chair, Jeff under her. He turned and locked the bathroom door. Watching them, Dave slowly undressed. He watched her clutching the counter, her body twitching and shuddering as she ground her pussy into Jeff’s face. Jeff’s hands were fucking her now, three fingers ramming in and out of her wet pussy. He could hear the wet, sloppy sound of her pussy as Jeff finger fucked her.

Mona turned her head toward Dave. She was watching him now. He was fully undressed and stroking his cock. He was longer than Jeff, but not as thick around. His body was thick with hair. He heard her moan as she watched him stroking his long cock.

Dave began talking to her, asking her if she wanted his cock in her mouth. She couldn’t speak, she just shook her head wildly. Dave walked around behind her, watching Jeff eating her, fucking her with his hand. As Dave watched, Jeff reached his other hand up and soaked it in her pussy juices. While he drove three fingers hard in and out of her pussy, he brought his other hand up and began prodding her asshole. She was moaning constantly now, her body shuddering and quivering.

Dave walked over to the counter and climbed up. He continued stroking himself while she watched him. He stood on the counter and positioned himself in front of her face. She took his long cock in her mouth, sucking him hard, drawing out his cum. He pulled back, letting her have just the tip of his swollen cock in his mouth. Stroking his long shaft, he was talking to her again, telling her that he was going to cum all over her beautiful face. She shook yes, wanting to feel his hot jism all over her face, to taste him.

The sound of Jeff’s fingers fucking her filled the room. His fingers were ramming her hard, moving deep in and out of her. His mouth was clamped on her clit, not letting her move away from him. He worked his other hand so that his middle finger was buried in her asshole. He could feel his fingers fucking her with the finger in her asshole, he began to move them in time together.

Dave felt himself getting ready to cum, his balls pulling up to his body. He pulled the tip of his cock out of her mouth and stroked himself furiously. She closed her eyes and opened her mouth waiting for him to spray her, licking her lips in anticipation. His load was cumming, the sight of this beauty being eaten and finger fucked in front of him overwhelming him. Just before he came, he covered the end of his cock with his finger. His jism exploded out of him, his finger made it spray all over her, soaking her face and tongue. She licked it up hungrily.

She fell forward on the counter shaking and convulsing as she orgasmed, wave after wave. She grabbed Dave’s ankles for support as shuddered.

Jeff slid out from under her. His cock was thick and swollen from his efforts. He walked around Mona and rolled her on to the counter. Lying on her back, she drew her knees up to her chest, watching him with her best fuck me look and admiring his thick cock. She longed to have his thick cock buried inside her.

Jeff didn’t waste any time. Leaning forward against her knees, pushing them up to her chest, he slid his thick cock inside her. Her pussy was soaking and he slid in effortlessly. She moaned deep in her throat at the feeling of such a thick cock fucking her. He was pumping her hard, not letting up. She clamped down on him with her pussy muscles, gripping him as he fucked her hard, ramming her. She felt his balls slapping her ass as he pounded her.

She felt herself close to cumming again. She turned her head to look at Dave. He was watching them, stroking himself back to an erection, she knew he’d be ready soon. She shuddered at the pleasure of Jeff burying himself in her. His pace was relentless, driving hard in and out of her, long fast strokes.

She felt his body tense, getting ready to cum. He didn’t slow down as he rammed her pussy thickly and deeply. She shuddered as she felt him cum, filling her pussy with his thick load. It was a huge load and it leaked out of her. Jeff kept going, hardly slowing down after he came. His cock stayed firm and hard as he continued fucking her. She could feel their combined juices running down the inside of her thighs.

He sucked on her nipples as he pounded deep in her. Her nipples were hard and sensitive to his touch. She slid a finger down and massaged her clit as Jeff filled her. Her clit was hard as a rock. Her body twitched as she brought herself to a climax, massaging her clit, feeling Jeff deep inside her. Her nails dug deep into his back as she let go, cumming again, wave after wave washing over her. 

Jeff felt her cumming and lost control again. When her nails dug deep into his back, he exploded into her again, filling her pussy with his jism again. Two loads of cum filled her now. Her pussy soaked with her juices and Jeff’s cum.

Jeff slid off of her, his thick cock drained now. He slumped down into the chair to recover. 

Dave was ready again. His cock stood long and erect in front of him. He climbed up on the counter and began to eat Mona’s pussy. His thick beard was soon covered with her juices and Jeff’s cum. When his beard was thoroughly soaked, he slid up to her face. He slid his long cock deep inside her. It hit her deep inside, in places that weren’t reached by Jeff. She moaned deep in her throat with pleasure.

Dave had filled his mouth with the juices from her pussy. He kissed her and filled her mouth with her juices and Jeff’s cum. She sucked Dave’s beard, tasting her pussy juices and Jeff’s cum. She licked and sucked his beard, it was like eating a pussy she thought. The sensation overwhelmed her as she felt Dave’s long shaft sliding in and out of her. He pulled his cock in and out of her, long fast motions, pulling it nearly out of her and then ramming it in, hitting bottom. She reached a hand down and put one of her long fingers inside herself, feeling his cock as it moved in and out of her. 

Dave felt her pussy tighten around his cock when she put a finger inside herself as he fucked her. A second finger soon joined the first one. He was pumping her hard now, her pussy gripping him as he made long strokes in and out. Her pussy was soaked and his cock slid effortlessly in and out. 

They kissed deeply now, both of them ready to cum again. While he fucked her, Dave slid his hand down and massaged her clit. The tight pussy gripping him was pushing him over the edge, he knew he wouldn’t last long. She nearly screamed at the touch of his fingers on her clit. Her fingers were still inside her, along side Dave’s long shaft. Feeling his body tense, knowing that he was going to cum, she shuddered and came again, her orgasm washing over her and, as it reached its peak, she felt Dave cum inside her, nearly making her faint from the pleasure.