 I awoke the next morning to the feel of Jana's hot mouth surrounding my cock. She gave me a delightful blowjob, swallowing all of my cum at the end and making me once again feel each of my teeth vibrate in its socket. I had to push her away when the sensation got too intense. 

"Unfortunately, since you need to go to work to keep me in style you have to get up now," she said. I just lay there shaking from the force of orgasm. "But I'll make you breakfast while you shower." She kissed me and we cuddled until I'd caught my breath, then I repaired to the shower and she to the kitchen. By the time I was dressed, she was putting eggs on the table. We ate together, me in my shirt and tie, her in a loose orange negligee. She posed by the door, exposing her breasts and her pussy while I collected my briefcase and made sure that I had my wallet and keys. I kissed her goodbye, copping a feel in the process and went off to work.

All through my walk to the subway I was distracted by women in short dresses or tight pants, but I still managed to keep an eye out for an alternate bakery. I didn't find one. In the subway station I did find Sára waiting for the next train. We greeted each other and started chatting. She told me that she was planning to stop by our offices this morning to drop off the proof images for the pens and shirts that we'd selected last week. 

"Nagyan jol!" I said, "Quick service is what I like to see."

"Does it have to be quick?" she asked me with a raised eyebrow. "You Americans are always in a hurry. You should learn to slow down and enjoy business more," she added with a sly smile.

"In America, we're not allowed to mix business with pleasure," I told her. "People will sue you for saying the wrong thing. So we try to get past the business as quickly as we can to get to the pleasure. Once we're having fun, we take our time."

"Oh really," she said, her brown eyes sparkled and her full lips smiled up at me.

"But you're right," I added. "Americans do need to slow down and enjoy business more."

The subway arrived. I gestured Sára in before me, enjoying the sight of her tight ass and noting the strap of her white thong through the thin fabric of her white pants. The subway car was crowded already, and we were pushed to the back of the car by the pressure of more passengers behind us. As we moved to the back of the car, Sára suddenly stopped and asked me to switch places with her.

"Sure," I said. I slid past her, enjoying the feel of her firm breasts as they pressed against me and taking a deep breath of her perfume. I grabbed a handhold and asked, "Why didn't you want to be here?"

"The guy behind you is notorious for squeezing a woman's ass," she said with a grimace. "Now, I'm as willing as the next girl to let a guy get a cheap thrill, but he's just a creep."

I glanced back at the guy. He was about average height and skinny. The subway jerked to life and Sára fell into me. Instinctively, my free hand went around her waist to steady her. Her firm breasts pressed into me again and her perfume filled my head. As the motion of the subway evened out, she regained her balance. I felt her hand brushing along my ass as we disengaged. Just for fun I flexed my glute underneath her hand. She did a pretty good job of hiding her surprise. Neither of us said anything about it. 

We spent the rest of the ride chatting about the differences between American and Hungarian business practices. Due to the crowd we stood pretty close together. Her scent was overwhelming. I did my best to meet her eyes, but I was frequently distracted by the bird's eye view I had of her generous cleavage. I could also see her small, hard nipples pressing against the thin fabric of her blouse. They brushed against me as the subway car swayed back and forth. Somehow I resisted the urge to sexually assault her right there, although from the way she was throwing herself at me I'm not sure it would have counted as assault.

Entirely too soon, we arrived at our stop. We left the subway, went up to street level and went into my office building. The elevator was packed on the way up, Sára stood in front of me and pressed her ass against my thighs the whole trip. Fortunately for me, Mia was in the office, otherwise I don't know if I could have controlled myself and kept my promise to Jana that I'd only fuck girls she provided for me. 

Mia, Sára and I sat in the conference room, ostensibly to look over the promotional items that Sára had brought but, in fact, to give Mia and Sára the opportunity to give me the third degree about my weekend. We laughed through my answers to their questions and their answers to my counter questions for a while. It was fun and only moderately racy. Hungarians have the same perspective on mother-in-laws as Americans. Eventually, we got down to business. The shirts were of good quality fabric. Apparently there were plenty of old women in Hungary who made extra money by embroidering items, so the logo would be relatively cheap compared to US costs. The pen was a gold Cross pen. Sára had brought a version of our logo shrunk to size and printed on gold cardboard. It looked like it would fit pretty well, it wouldn't stick out too far from the clip and the edges were rounded and unlikely to get caught on clothes or other items in a bag. If we placed the order by the end of the day, we could have all of the pens by the end of the week. 

We chatted a bit more, then Sára had to leave to make another appointment. She and I shook hands warmly, she and Mia exchanged a brief, chaste hug. As she left, Natasha came in followed by Andras, Gábor and Vilmas. We all chatted for a bit and then retired to our respective offices to get a bit of work done. I cut the purchase order to Sára's company and she assured me again that fulfilling the order would be no problem. The rest of the morning and most of the afternoon passed more or less uneventfully. Everyone in the office collaborated on the design of new marketing materials to be used at the embassy event the following week. I sent the designs back to the U.S. for review.

Natasha took all of the usual opportunities to show off her large breasts and long legs. She passed Jana's 3 PM call on to me with only a few suggestive remarks. I told Jana about my experiences with Sára that morning. 

"Do you want to fuck her?" she asked me.

"I'm sure it would be fun, but it crosses that line we Americans draw about fooling around with co-workers. So, no, I won't fuck her."

"She's not a co-worker," Jana pointed out. "She's a vendor."

"That's not allowed either, dear heart," I told her.

"Still, I'm sure she wants to fuck you. She might get offended if you don't make a pass."

"She knows that I have a girlfriend."

"Doesn't matter, she's fooling around with Mia and Mia has a husband," she said, ignoring the distinction most men would draw between a lesbian affair and a heterosexual one. "Who has bigger breasts, Natasha or Sára?"

"Natasha, but not by much."

"Mmm," she said. "Do you think Natasha likes girls and guys? I'd love to watch while they make out and you rub your cock between their tits." 

"Oh, god, honey," I moaned. "Could you help fingering your little pussy if I titty-fucked both of them?" I was slowly stroking myself.

"Watching you get double teamed by them would make me cum," she said, her breathing getting heavy. "I'd cum again when I licked their pussy juice off of your cock and your cum off of their tits. I can feel them now, all big and firm and slippery with your hot cum... oh god! Oh god!" Jana moaned as her orgasm washed over her. The sound of her cumming was enough to get me off. After we'd caught our breath, we said "Szeretlek" to each other, and then goodbye. I cleaned myself up and opened the door to my office. Natasha was not at her desk.

The rest of the day passed uneventfully. I didn't see Sára on the ride home, but there were plenty of other attractive women dressed in revealing summery clothes. When I entered the apartment, at first I thought no one was home. I found Dana just waking up in my bed. 

"Hello," she said as she sat up and stretched. The sheet fell around her waist revealing her small, bare breasts. 

"Hi," I said, taking off my tie and starting to change out of my work clothes. 

"Jana and Erika went grocery shopping," she said answering my unspoken question. "Erika kept me up late last night, so I decided I needed a nap. I hope you don't mind me using your bed."

"I'm always delighted to come home and find a naked woman in my bed," I told her. "It only might be a problem if there's a guy there too. Depends on the guy."

"Erika met a guy on vacation," she told me. "She's pretty excited about it, but they aren't really serious yet. You should get your fill of her as soon as you can."

"I'll keep that in mind," I said, removing my last article of clothing. "In the meantime, why don't you give me that blow job that you've been promising me for so long."

"Well, I guess I did promise to be your little fuck-slut this week, didn't I?" she said with a laugh. She lay down on her back with her head hanging over the edge of the bed. I moved within reach. She began licking and sucking my cock and balls while I fondled her tits and rubbed her shaven little pussy. Soon, her pussy was so wet my fingers squelched with each movement and I was rock hard.

"I want to fuck you doggy style," I said.

"mmm, yes!" she moaned. "Just like my mom, I want you to cum in my mouth though." She flipped around so that her ass was up in the air and facing me. "Fuck my little pussy, Jim! Fill me up with your big, hard cock!" 

I rubbed the head of my cock along her slick little slit a few times and then slowly fed it into her. Once I was all the way inside of her, I reached around and gave each of her nipples a hard pinch. She moaned and started swiveling her hips against me. I released her nipples and straightened up.

"That's right you little slut," I said. "Bring it back to me. Fuck me like the little whore you are!" I smacked her ass hard. She cried out and began bucking back and forth against me. I held onto her hips with one hand to keep her from pulling too far away and began smacking both of her ass cheeks with the other. "Take my cock, you little slut! Tell me you like it!"

"I like it," she moaned, never stopping the movement of her hips.

"Liar!" Smack. "Say it like you mean it or we'll stop!" 

"No," she cried, "don't stop! [smack] I love it! [Smack] I love the feel of your cock! [Smack] I love fucking you! [SMACK] I'm such a little slut! [SMACK] Oh god, I love fucking! I love fucking you! [SMACK]" She came with a series of screams. Her face was buried in the bedding, her hands convulsively clutched at the sheets. As her movements shuddered to a stop, I began slowly rocking my hips back and forth and caressing her bright red ass. 

The slow movements of my cock inside her pussy extended the aftershocks of her orgasm. She was almost senseless with pleasure as I enjoyed the feel of my hard cock sliding in and out of her spasming pussy. I slid a finger along her wet slit to collect her pussy juice and then began circling her little pink asshole with it, lubricating the tight orifice. She squealed and jumped away from me, landing on her side on the bed.

"I really will let you fuck my ass just like I promised," she said breathlessly, "but I need to get ready for it first." 

"All right," I said. "In that case, why don't you finish by sucking me off?" 

She caught her breath, climbed out of the bed, and got on her knees in front of me. She took my cock in her hand. Her pointed tongue flicked across my cock a few times before she took the head in her mouth and began bobbing up and down on it. I slipped a hand to the back of her neck. 

"Suck my cock, you little slut!" I said. "Take it!" I pushed gently at the back of her head. She responded by letting my cock slide further and further into her mouth with each bob. 

"You love sucking cock, don't you? You're such a little whore! Take it all, slut! Swallow my cock!" Her free hand slid down to her pussy. Her eyes were closed as my cock began sliding down her throat. 

"That's it! Swallow my cock like the little whore you are!" I was pushing gently at the back of her head when her lips pressed against the very base of my cock. She was taking it all down her throat without gagging. She looked up at me, her blue eyes sparkled. She backed up until the tip of my cock was at the back of her mouth, and then deepthroated me again staring me in the eyes the entire time. 

"Oh god, yes! That's it! Take it all! You hot little kurva -- you just love taking a big cock all the way down your throat don't you?" She bobbed back and took my length a third time.

We heard the door open. "Hello!" Jana called as she walked in and shut the door behind her. 

"We're in the bedroom," I called out. "Your whore of a little sister is deepthroating me." I heard Jana put the bags of groceries down on the dining room table. 

"Don't stop," I said to Dana. "Keep swallowing my cock like a good little fuck slut." Dana moaned and took my length again, she was finger fucking herself furiously now.

Jana walked into the room. She paused by the door for a moment and watched as her little sister took my length down her throat yet again. She was wearing a flowered t-shirt, no bra, and shorts. She walked over to us. I leaned down and we kissed, our tongues flickering and sliding over and around each other. I squeezed her ass as her sister continued to deepthroat me. 

She broke the kiss and said, "I'm glad that my little sister was here to entertain you. I'm even happier that you haven't cum all over her face yet. Do it now, Jim!" Jana got on her knees behind her sister and began fondling her sister's tits. Jana said, "Cum for us! Cum all over my little sister! You know she loves it! She's such a little slut! She wants to be covered in cum, Jim! Do it!"

Her words pushed me over the edge. "Here it is, you slut!" I moaned as my orgasm started. Dana pulled back and took the first two spurts in her mouth. Then she pulled my cock out of her mouth and spat out a little of the cum so that it dribbled down her chin. My third spurt shot all over her left cheek. She directed my fourth spurt into her right eye. She opened her mouth and stuck out her cum covered tongue to catch my fifth spurt. Then she wrapped her lips around the head of my cock and sucked the rest out of me, swallowing it on the spot. 

When I was done, I leaned back on the edge of the bed. Jana leaned over and kissed her sister deeply, then began licking my cum from her face. Once Dana had been cleaned, the sisters kissed again and spoke briefly in Hungarian. 

Jana got up and said, "I'm going to go put the groceries away. You two catch your breath and I'll back in a few." She got up and left the room. 

I climbed into the bed and leaned back on the headboard and stretched my legs out. Dana climbed onto the bed and rested her head on my shoulder. I gave her a hug and a kiss and said, "That was a fantastic blow job!"

"Worth the wait?" she asked with a laugh. She took my limp cock in her hand and gently caressed it.

"Yes," I replied. "Although I hope I won't have to wait so long from now on." 

"You won't." We kissed again while I fondled her ass and breasts.

"Do you like it when I call you dirty names?" I asked.

"Yes," she said without meeting my eye.

"It's nothing to be embarrassed about," I said taking her by the chin and gently lifting her face. I kissed her and said, "There's a tradition from the United States that the ideal woman is a duchess in the drawing room, a gourmet in the kitchen, and a whore in the bedroom. There's a reason that prostitutes get paid good money for doing things that wives and girlfriends sometimes won't. It's a valuable service. Since you're not a prostitute, your willingness to do those things just means that you're a great fuck and whichever guy you decide to be with is one lucky son of a bitch."

She smiled at me and we kissed again. "Thanks, Jim."

"Anytime." Another kiss and more fondling. "Do you like getting facials?"

"Of course she does," said Jana as she walked in the room already stripping off her clothes. She was naked by the time she joined us on the bed a moment later. She kissed us both soundly and added, "One of her favorite fantasies is to take a cum bath."

Dana gasped and gave her sister a push. "You're not supposed to tell him that!" 

Jana said, "Oh what's the harm? He probably could have guessed it on his own."

"Not necessarily," Dana replied with a hrumph. "You shouldn't tell secrets like that without somebody's permission."

"All right, all right," Jana said. "You tell him one of my secrets to make things even."

"Well.... Let's see..." Dana thought for a moment. "Jim, sometimes my sister cums harder from licking a guy's cum out of another girl's pussy than she does from being fucked herself."

They were both looking at me, waiting for my reaction. Jana's penchant for imagining me fucking other women and her willingness to share me suddenly made sense. "Well then I'm a very lucky guy," I said. "It's good to know what turns your partner on and, frankly, I like the idea of her sucking my cum out of other women's pussies. As you can see," I gestured at my cock which was rapidly inflating. 

"And not that you've ever objected to letting me lick you clean," Jana said to her sister, just a little cattily.

"You eat good pussy," Dana said with a shrug. "But it wasn't always her boyfriend's cum," she added slyly.

"Doesn't have to be now either," I said. "As long as it turns her on, her playmates are clean, and she doesn't ignore me for it, I don't mind in the least. I'd like to watch, but I realize that that may not be possible all the time."

Jana and Dana each had a hand on my cock. The sisters took turns kissing me while they squeezed and stroked my cock back to full strength. I fondled both of them, squeezing their asses and rubbing their pussies. Their breasts pressed against my chest. 

Eventually, Jana said, "He's ready for you, Dana. Ride him like the little fuck slut you are." 

Dana slid on top of me. We kissed deeply. Jana guided my cock into her sister's pussy. Dana began riding me slowly as we continued to soul kiss. I squeezed her ass and pinched a nipple. She sat up and put her hands on my chest to balance herself. She began bouncing up and down on my cock, her eyes were closed. She was focused entirely on fucking me. Jana began smacking her little sister's ass and whispering things in her ear. I caught a few of them, recognizing the frequent use of "kurva" which means "whore." 

Suddenly, Dana turned her head and kissed her sister savagely, biting her older sister's lower lip at the end. "I'm gonna make your boyfriend cum inside me," she said. "I'm gonna make him fill me up with his cum." I could feel her pussy contracting rhythmically around my cock. "Are you gonna lick it out of me? Are you gonna swallow his cum from my pussy?"

Jana was rubbing her own pussy as she watched Dana fuck me. "Yes," she said. "Yes! I'll lick your little clit until his cum gushes out of your pussy. Fuck him! Fuck my boyfriend, you whore! Make him cum inside of you!" Jana's fingers were slamming in and out of her cunt in time with Dana's movement on my cock.

I could tell Dana was close to another orgasm, but I wasn't. I wrapped my left arm around her back and grabbed her shoulder, my right arm went around her waist. I began answering each of Dana's movements, lifting my hips and pounding my cock into her tight little pussy. Her eyes were closed and she was letting out a steady stream of moans. 

"That's it, you little slut," I whispered to her. "Take my cock! You little whore! You little slut! You love riding a big cock, don't you? Don't you?!?"
