 I was eighteen, had just moved out of my parents' house after breaking up with my girlfriend of two years. I was not ready to go to college.

So against my father's advice I moved to a city far away from my small home town and found a job as a mail boy at a large real estate company, which made it possible for me to rent a small flat and pay for my own car.

Although I was going through many changes at once I was happy. Life was good and full of new possibilities. My job was easy and consisted of delivering inter-office mail, distributing memos and running errands for the company's executives. I did not miss my girlfriend although some days I really missed the sex, but I tried not to torture myself by thinking too much about it.

Everyday after work I would hit my local gym and work out for about three hours. The result was astonishing. I was looking better than some of the best Calvin Klein underwear models without the use of any steroids whatsoever. I was lonely and horny most of the time, but life was good.

Then one day I saw her and everything changed in an instant.

She was sitting at her computer in her cubicle, busily typing words and numbers on her keyboard with her elegantly manicured fingers. She furrowed her sexy brows as she concentrated on her computer monitor and her beautiful lips moved soundlessly as she mumbled words to herself.

I had never seen a sexier woman in my entire life. A white plastic hair band held her dark brown hair up and out of her face. Her lipstick was a sexy shade of dark red that made her full lips look even sexier than they naturally were. Her eyes were a seductive shade of deep brown with dark and long lashes. She was probably in her early thirties, probably too old for me to lust for or even dream of having a small chance with. But I did fall in lust with her at first sight.

My heart started pumping faster as I imagined how it would feel to kiss those full lips or that exquisitely delicate neck of hers. My legs felt shaky as I approached her cubicle with the manila envelope in my hand. I looked at the envelope and read her name: Celeste. It was a beautiful name for such a heavenly beauty.

"Celeste," I read out loud and she must have heard me because she stopped typing and looked up at me.

"Yes that's me," she said in a soft and very erotic voice. "Thanks I was waiting for that. Just put it right here on my desk."

I looked at her face for a long moment, trying to guess her origins. I guessed Latina or Middle Eastern. Whatever her ancestors' nationalities were, the result was this breathtakingly exotic beauty in front of me.

She turned her chair and started working on her computer again. I put the envelope on her desk as slowly as I possibly could, never taking my eyes off of her. I stood there silent for a few seconds and watched her concentrate on her task. She looked at me again, this time quizzically.

"Oh ... hmm," I managed to mumble. "I was wondering if you had any outgoing mail."

She smiled at me.

I could feel a hint of sarcasm in her pretty smile, as if she were telling me that she knew that I was staring at her and she knew that she was giving me a hard on by just sitting there and looking pretty.

"No ... hmm what's your name?" she asked.

"Oh, I'm ... hmm," I genuinely struggled to remember my own name for a few seconds. "Michael ... I mean Mike. My friends call me Mike. I mean ... well please call me Mike!"

"Well Mike," she replied, smiling again, "I'm glad that you consider me to be your friend. I have nothing for you right now, but come back in a couple of hours and I won't let you leave empty handed."

I realized that she was sizing me up and down, looking at me with some interest. Was it possible that she was single? Even if she was ... could she possibly be interested in me?

"Ok Celeste," I said more confidently. "Good deal. I'll be back in a couple of hours."

I left her cubicle and went about delivering the rest of the mail. My heart was still pounding hard and my cock was throbbing in my pants. Damn those hormones, I thought to myself.

I felt as if I were floating in the air. She had smiled at me. She had looked at me with undeniable interest. But that was all there was and no reason to be so happy. Yet I felt hopeful.

What was I expecting to happen? A date? A kiss? Hot sex? Why not? After all I was a very good looking guy in a very good physical shape and any woman would be more than happy to have sex with me.

An hour and a half later I was at her cubicle again. She was talking to a handsome man who was openly flirting with her. She was laughing at his stupid jokes. I was disappointed, almost heartbroken. How silly of me to think that I stood a chance with these professional type idiots buzzing around her even if she was not married or already taken.

"Oh Mike," she said joyfully as if she were genuinely happy to see me. "Make sure you deliver this to the right person."

She extended a small envelope to me. I took the envelope, turned around and left her alone with the office joker slash gigolo. It took me a few minutes before I bothered to look at the envelope.

I could not believe my eyes when I saw what was written on the envelope: MIKE, CONFIDENTIAL. My hands shook as I opened the white envelope.

MEET ME AT THE COFFEE BAR AT 1:O0!

Below this sentence she had written an address. I could not breathe for a moment. I was pretty sure that it was her address on the piece of paper, or some place where she wanted to meet me later. I felt my cheeks flush with lust ... and hope.

At one o'clock sharp I was standing next to the company's Espresso stand in the lobby. Celeste approached me two minutes later with a beautiful smile on her face.

"Get me an iced Vanilla Latte and meet me outside," she said and walked away briskly.

Five minutes later I was outside the building with two drinks in my hands looking for her. After searching for her for about three minutes I found her sitting on a bench facing the artificial lake that was made by the same company that we worked for.

She had taken her jacket off and now waiting for me gloriously in her sleeveless white shirt. Her hair was down and her beautiful large breasts were slightly heaving up and down as she took deep breaths of fresh air. I sat beside her on the bench, never taking my eyes off of her as I handed her the drink.

"Thanks Mike," she said in her musical voice. "So tell me ... how bad do you want to fuck me?"

I was shocked by her straightforwardness and choice of words. These were the last words I ever expected her to say to me. I did not know how to answer her question. I was afraid that this was actually a trick question and if I answered truthfully she would throw her drink at me and tell me to fuck off.

"Mike ... how bad do you want to fuck me?" she asked me again when I failed to answer her the first time.

"Hmm ... I want to," I mumbled, blood rushing to my head. I could barely hear my own voice, "I don't know!"

"Well Mike," she said calmly. "That's not the impression you gave earlier when you were fucking me with your eyes. I really like your eyes by the way. You're a fucking good looking boy Mike!"

"I want to kiss you, fuck you, suck you and eat you," words suddenly were pouring out of me. "Badly!"

"Yes ... that's it," she replied. "That's what I like in a man. Honesty and passion ... and you're so innocent. When I'm done with you there will be nothing left of your innocence. But I need you to stay passionate and honest with me. Do you understand?"

"Yes I do," I almost whispered. "But I don't understand..."

"Do you think because I have a boring office job I must be a boring soccer mom?" she interrupted me. "No Mike. I am a very perverted girl. I'm not sure if you can handle me, but I'm going to give you a chance to find out. Be at the address I gave you at eight o'clock sharp tonight. You will get to fuck me senseless as much as you can handle ... with only one condition."

"What's that?" I managed to ask her.

"You have to do exactly as I say," she said very seriously. "No questions asked. No whining. No reluctance. If you fail to follow my directions and rules ... I'll kick you out in a blink of an eye and I'll make sure that you will never work at this place again. I am warning you Mike: You will probably not like the things I will ask you to do for me. But if you don't do what I want you to do then it's adios amigo! Do you think that you can handle a wild one like me Mike?"

I was quiet for a minute. Then I said "yes!"

"Good. Then I'll see you at eight sharp," she said and got up, "Make sure that you shave your balls," she giggled. Then she turned around started walking towards the building.

I was caught off guard and totally blown away. I watched as she walked seductively into the office building. This new development was totally different than what I had in mind.

What did I have in mind? Love? Hot sex with a gorgeous thirty some year old woman? Now she had promised me that I could fuck her senseless if I did as I were told which was indefinitely better than me stalking her forever hoping for a glance or a smile once or twice a day.

But did I have whatever it took to be with her? I was worried and excited about what sort of perversions she had in store for me. Could I really handle whatever she needed from me?

After work I went to the gym. I concentrated on making my already muscular and ripped body look even better for when I took my clothes off that night. Then I drove home and shaved my balls in the shower.

I took a nap and woke up at seven. I ate a banana and washed it down with a Red Bull. I put on a tight black T-shirt and a pair of Levi's that showed off the muscular lines of my body and hit the road. At five minutes to eight I was at the address that I was given. It was a nice modest house in a decent neighborhood. I felt my mouth going dry as I rang the doorbell.

Celeste opened the door within a few seconds. She was wearing a black lace shelf bra that framed her glorious D cup breasts, garter belt, black lace stockings and no panties. Her amazing light brown nipples were long and stiff as if someone had just been playing with them.

My stare went from her boobs down to the beads of wet crystal liquid that lingered in her dark brown pussy hair. Finally when I dared to look up at her face I realized that her hair was a couple of shades lighter than what it was earlier that day. She smiled with her dark red painted lips.

"Do you like my hair?" she asked. "I did this for you. You know that you're a lucky boy when a woman gets her hair done just for you."

"It looks beautiful," I said after clearing my throat. "You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen."

"Thank you Mike," she replied smiling. "That's so nice of you to say ... but I have my best friend waiting for us in my bedroom and you might find her even more beautiful. I can tell that you're wondering why my pussy's all wet. I hope you don't mid that we started without you."

I was not sure if she was serious. But then again I could tell that she was. She grabbed my hand and pulled me after her upstairs and into her bedroom. Lying on the huge bed was a gorgeous blonde woman. She was probably in her early forties. She was wearing pink and white striped stockings and a white shelf bra with pink ribbons. Her long hair was braided into two golden pigtails that complemented her schoolgirl outfit.

Her long legs were spread wide open and a muscular young man was pumping away at her pussy hard and fast. His tanned body was glistening with some sort of oil and he was grabbing his own ass cheeks as he pounded the beautiful blonde's pussy with his big strong cock. The woman was pinching her own stiff pink nipples with her elegant fingers. Her full lips were painted with a glossy hot pink lipstick.

"Fuck me harder Brad," the blonde ordered the young man. "Oh Celeste ... he's fucking me so good. Come over here and suck my nipple you pretty slut."

Celeste looked at me and smiled again. She reached for the bottom of my T-shirt and pulled it up over my head. When my shirt was on the floor she unbuckled my belt and unzipped my jeans with amazing expertise. My hard cock jumped into view since I was not wearing any underwear.

"Wow Mike!" she exclaimed. "That's a fucking nice cock. I'm so glad I picked you to play with us. You're so fucking handsome ... look at his body Jackie!"

"Ooh! That's fuckin' nice Celeste," Jackie said raising her head to look at me. "Now stop fucking around and come suck my tits!"

"Oh by the way Mike," Celeste explained. "That's my best friend Jackie and this is her new boyfriend ... Brad."

Brad looked at me and nodded, then returned his attention to Jackie's blond pussy, fucking her even harder.

Celeste grabbed me by my cock and pulled me after her towards the bed and her hot friend. She put her hand on Jackie's beautiful breast and took her stiff pink nipple in between her thumb and forefinger. Jackie moaned as her hot friend started tugging at her nipple. My cock was still in Celeste's hand. She started stroking it very gently.

"Come closer Mike," Celeste said to me. "I want you to kiss this hot bitch."

Celeste let go of my cock and watched me lean over Jackie's face. I kissed her lips gently but she grabbed my face in her soft hands and kissed me back very hard. Her wet tongue went inside my mouth and I licked it.

Celeste leaned over Jackie as well and kissed her forehead working her way down to her nose and finally our lips. The two hot women took turns kissing and tonguing my mouth.

I could feel their hot breath on my face and started breathing heavily. Celeste's kiss was much hotter and sweeter than I had ever imagined. I was completely intoxicated by the beauty and horniness of these two hot women.

"I'm gonna come," Brad announced grunting.

"Don't come inside her Brad," Celeste said. "Get your ass over here and come all over our faces!"

Brad obeyed her order and climbed the bed towards our faces with his cock in his hand. I started to pull my face back but Celeste grabbed the back of my head by my hair and did not let me move.

Brad's cock was right in front of our faces and as Jackie was still licking our lips he shot a hot and sticky load of cum right on our faces. I could not believe what had just happened. His first load of cum landed on my nose and lips and dripped down onto Jackie's face.

Celeste licked the sticky liquid off my lips while a second and third shot landed directly on my face. My forehead, lips and nose were soon covered in hot manly cum. The two hot women licked my face passionately. Celeste made me open my mouth and spat some of Brad's cum into my gaping mouth.

"Swallow!" she ordered me. "Remember Mike. Do exactly as you're told or you're out of here. Now swallow like a good boy!"

And I swallowed Brad's hot cum. I was surprised that I was not repulsed by the taste. I was actually turned on and felt my cock get even harder than it was. Maybe it was the presence of those two hot women that made this scenario acceptable to me. I swallowed yet another load that was spat into my mouth by Jackie this time.

"Good boy Mike," Celeste purred. "Now wrap your lips around his cock and suck the rest out of him. Do it NOW!"

She held Brad's cock right in front of my lips and stroked my hair as I carefully wrapped my lips around his thick cock head.

To my surprise Brad shot two more loads that hit the back of my throat. I swallowed again and again. Celeste and Jackie kissed my cheeks and played with my hair as I sucked on Brad's cock. The smell of Brad's man meat filled my nostrils. I could feel his cock pulsate inside my mouth.

"Oh you look so beautiful with that big cock inside your mouth Mike!" Celeste purred. "Jackie and I love watching guys suck cock. It's such a fucking huge turn on. I hope that you don't hate me for making you do this baby."

She then grabbed Brad's cock and removed it from my mouth.

"Do you still think hat I am worth your trouble Mike?" she asked sincerely.

"Yes!" I heard myself utter shyly.

"Hmm ... I'm glad to see that you're getting a hang of this Mike," Celeste said playfully. "Now as a reward you can fuck Jackie's hot pussy. Do you want to fuck my hot friend baby?"

"Yes!"

"Good ... because I really want to watch you fuck her," Celeste said. "I love watching others fuck. Look how beautiful she is. She is forty-two! Doesn't she look amazing?"

"My mother is forty-two," I said. "But she is so out of shape. She looks nothing like Jackie."

"Did you hear that Jackie?" Celeste asked her friend with a wicked smile. She then leaned over her friend's breast and took one stiff nipple into her mouth. She sucked on Jackie's nipple for a few seconds before releasing it noisily. "Mike's mom is your age. You're going to fuck a boy young enough to be your son!"

Celeste helped me position myself in between Jackie's legs. She took my cock and guided it into her friend's pussy slit. She pushed my cock inside her friend's pussy a bit farther and then put her face above Jackie's blond bush. I watched her lick her friend's erect clit as I started moving my hips. Jackie's pussy was wet and very hot. She moaned as I started pounding her harder. Celeste took her friend's sensitive knob in between her lips and started sucking wildly. Jackie started moaning as she writhed her hips underneath me.

"Fuck me honey!" Jackie mewled. "Ooh, so nice. You're a good fucker Mike!"

"Thanks!" I grunted.

"Ooh, fuck me baby! Fuck me faster!"

"Faster Mike!" Celeste purred. "Fuck that hot pussy like you mean it!"

"Is this fast enough for you?" I panted, picking up the pace of my thrusts.

"Don't get cheeky with me young man!" Celeste hissed. "Fuck my friend harder or you won't get to fuck me! Show me that you're worthy Mike. Fuck that hot bitch harder!"

Brad moved down toward me and started kissing my muscular butt cheeks. From time to time he bit gently on the side of my leg and buttocks, which sent jolts of pleasure through my body. These were new feelings and sensations that I had never experienced before. He grabbed my other butt cheek in his strong hand and started squeezing hard.

"Fuck her harder Mike," Brad urged me. "Your big cock looks so good inside her fucking hot pussy. Fuck her faster!"

I fucked Jackie's pussy harder and faster at the urge of my new fuck buddy. I felt Brad's hand move down to my ass crack, his finger pushing into my tight asshole. I looked at Celeste's pretty face. She was sucking on her friend's pink clit noisily.

"Fuck me harder baby," Jackie pleaded as she looked into my eyes. "My fuckin' pussy's on fire. Fuck me with your big young cock darling!"

"Oh God," I announced. "I'm gonna come soon!"

"Oh fuck yes Mike," Celeste said enthusiastically. "Shoot your cum inside her pussy. I'm gonna lick it up when you're done coming."

After hearing those words I exploded inside Jackie's pussy. I had never shot so much cum in my entire life before.

As soon as I pulled out of her pussy Celeste dove into her friend's cunt and started lapping like a hungry kitten. Jackie raised her ass and shoved her pussy against her friend's licking and sucking mouth.

Brad lifted Jackie's butt off the bed and held her steady in front of Celeste's face.

"That's it. Grind your pussy against her face!" Brad urged.

"Oh fuck yes!" Jackie screamed. "I'm gonna come so hard all over your pretty face honey!"

Jackie's screams became louder and her body went completely stiff for about a minute as she came all over Celeste's pussy-hungry mouth. When Jackie finally relaxed Brad let go of her and joined Celeste above Jackie's pussy. They kissed deeply and swapped my sticky cum and Jackie's pussy juice in between their mouths for a while.

"Are you enjoying yourself so far Mike?" Celeste asked me smiling.
