 I live in a co-ed university residence, and I've been living in the same one for over three years now. Once a student gains enough seniority, he or she can get a single room. Out of the 50+ rooms in my res, there are only 10 singles. I was fortunate enough to get one this year.

My single was in one of the corners of the 3rd floor. I only had neighbours on one side, a double room to the left of my room. Luckily, my res was co-ed room by room, which meant that girls and guys could live on the same floor (just not in the same room, hehe). On the day I moved back into res, I noticed that two girls, both frosh, were moving into the room adjacent to mine. Since I'd already moved my stuff into my room, I figured I should give them a hand with theirs. After offering my services they introduced themselves as Deidre and Rachel.

Deidre was about 5'7", with short, dark hair. She was decked out in jogging pants and a sweater, hiding what I later discovered was a gorgeous body. She had a great figure actually, the kind I was really attracted to: not wafer-thin like all of those damned models, but a full-figure, very voluptuous. Deidre had curves in all of the right places, and a fairly large pair of breasts, probably about 36D.

Rachel, on the other hand, was smaller than her roommate. She stood at about 5'3", with long blonde hair that fell to the middle of her back. When I first met her, she had it up in a long ponytail. Rachel came off as a very sweet girl, if not somewhat naive. She had a fantastic little body, with smallish but pert breasts which always seemed to point skyward, and just about the nicest little ass I'd ever seen.

Both girls had went to high school together, and had completed the first year of their degrees at another campus close to their hometown. However, they'd had to transfer here to complete the final three years of their program. They were the same age as well, 19, 2 years younger than I.

After we finished moving all of their stuff into their room, I volunteered to give them a quick tour of the campus. Afterwards, we stopped for a coffee at a local restaurant and got to know each other better. The girls were really friendly, and over the first few weeks of the term we became fast friends. I learned that Deidre had just broken up with her boyfriend before moving out here, and that Rachel had been single for quite some time now. I found it hard to believe such a beautiful little girl would have any trouble finding a date, but she just preferred not to be in any relationships, I guess.

It seemed abundantly clear to me that Deidre had no such qualms when it came to dating though. Her bed was next to the same wall as mine was, and many a night I was awakened by several muffled moans coming through the thin walls, ranging from low growls to short, high pitched yelps. Whoever she was sleeping with always seemed to drive her crazy with lust.

Over the following months I spent a lot of time with Deidre and Rachel. We didn't have any classes in common, most of mine being upper-year courses, but I'd walk with them to class, eat meals with them in the dining hall, and just hang out in my room with them. We even went out to the movies as a trio a few times, along with the odd trip to the mall or grocery store.

My feelings for the girls grew as I spent more time with them, but for different reasons. For instance, Deidre had grown up with two older brothers, so she was used to rough housing and play fighting, that kind of thing. Every now and then we'd joke around with one another, eventually leading to a "fight" on one of our beds. They usually ended up with one of us pinning down the other's hands until he or she submitted. And if I was the one with the upper hand, I'd usually get her to give in by tickling her. If I was lucky, her sudden spasming would result in her breasts rubbing against my arm or chest. Deidre was also a lot less shy than Rachel. She'd had no problems with hugging me occasionally, or playfully calling me "babe" or "cutie."

Rachel was a lot less physical, but I think the bigger challenge in getting her to open up made the task even more alluring. She'd never go for the play fighting thing like Deidre, but Rachel loved to laugh. I'd waste away many hours when I should've been studying, telling jokes to Rachel just to hear her beautiful laugh. Eventually, once we got to know each other better, we'd sit on her bed, or mine, and sit back or lie down, just talking for hours. I'd even gotten to the point where I'd play with her hair while we talked, and at night when I went to sleep, Rachel's sweet smelling shampoo was all I could smell.

I'd considered asking one of them out many, many times, but I loved them both so much. There was no way I could risk losing either of them, and at worst, I could lose them both if I attempted to choose between them. Besides, Rachel wasn't into dating steady, and I knew Deidre was definitely getting satisfied every few nights or so. Neither of them needed me as anything more than a friend, so I figured why jeopardize a perfectly fine situation?

Things continued on this way until exams were coming up. It was around 11 pm on a Friday evening in early December, the last day of classes. Exams were scheduled to start on the coming Wednesday, so tonight was the last big bash before everyone put their noses to the grindstone. Most of the partyers from my res had finished their celebrating here and headed out to the local campus bar. I had planned to take it easy all night and have a little time off before starting the marathon of studying tomorrow. Looking out of my window, I noticed that it had started to snow out an hour or so ago, and a fair bit of snow had accumulated on the ground outside.

A knock came on my door. "Come in!" Turning in my chair to see who it was, I was struck by a wet object in the chest. A snowball!

"Gotcha!" a voice yelled. I looked up in surprise to see Deidre smiling wildly at me, all dressed up for the snow. Rachel was laughing hysterically at me, dressed up for the outdoors herself. They'd noticed the snowfall and had went outside to bring me back a little present.

"Why you little..." I got up and got dressed myself, then chased the two little devils outside, where a barrage of snowballs was flung by either side. After 10-15 minutes of that, we were quite exhausted and drenched. I suggested that we head back inside and warm up with some hot chocolate. I happened to have some, and the girls had a kettle in their room we could use.

We headed back inside to our respective rooms. I changed out of my soaked jeans and sweater, throwing on a pair of tear-aways and a t-shirt. I waited around for a few minutes, just to give the girls a few extra minutes to change and all that. Girls usually need more time than guys when it comes to that kind of thing anyway, or so I thought. After a couple of more minutes, I headed next door and knocked.

"Just a second!" yelled Deidre through the door. I heard some giggling from behind the girls' door and after a few seconds it opened. Rachel brushed past me on the way out, clad in a bathrobe. "I'm going to grab a shower. Go on in and hang out with D while I'm gone." she said.

I admired the view of her walking away for a second, then went into their room. Deidre was on her bed, lying on her stomach and facing away from the door. She'd changed out of her wet clothes and into an oversized t-shirt which she slept in. The shirt was pretty big on her, falling down half-way to her knees when she was standing. Lying as she was now, it was partly pulled up on the back. She hadn't heard me come in, so I took advantage of my unnoticed entrance to take a quick glance up her shirt. I was rewarded with a slight glimpse of her underwear. Deidre had on a little pair of purple panties. My dick twitched to life at this sight, thinking about pulling those panties down over Deidre's voluptuous hips and slowly revealing her sex...

Deidre turned up to see me there staring at her ass, almost as if she'd been aware of my presence the whole time and had given me a few seconds to drink her in. "Hey babe, did you bring the hot chocolate?" Too embarassed to speak, I just gave her a nod and put the tin of hot chocolate on D's bed.

"You know, you can sit down if you want. I don't bite... hard. Unless you're into that kind of thing." she said with a laugh. I smiled and took a seat at the foot of her bed, relieved that we were back to joking around again. I was afraid she'd get all weirded out at catching me sizing her up, but luckily she wasn't.

Deidre sat up after I sat down on the bed. "Let me get the kettle..." The kettle was on her dresser drawer, which was next to the foot of her bed next to me. Rather than standing up to go get it, she crawled along the bed until she was next to me, then reached over me for it. I leaned back a little, giving her some room. Deidre extended her right arm, lowering her left side, which was the side facing me. This gave me a nice view down the neck of her shirt, and it was very clear that she didn't have a bra on. Her breasts swayed a little with her motion, hanging down slightly but still looking very firm and appetizing. Her shirt was dragged up on her back again, and my gaze fell there, staring at those cute panties. Here was a virtually half naked woman practically draped over me, hovering over my lap. I felt my cock surge to live, painfully confined in my jeans.

I looked back up at Deidre and saw that she was looking straight at me, Shit, I was busted! There could be no excuse this time. I opened my mouth to apologize, but before I could spit out any words, Deidre leaned in and kissed me. She didn't waste anytime, thrusting her tongue into my mouth, hungrily seeking mine.

That was all the invitation I needed. I kissed her back in earnest, wrestling her soft tongue with my own. My right hand went straight for her ass, massaging her firm buns though those soft panties. My left hand reached up and grabbed one of her tits through her shirt, feeling the hardness of her nipple and rubbing it between my thumb and forefinger.

After a few seconds of that, Deidre broke off our kiss and kneeled over me. I leaned back against the wall, letting her straddle my legs. She reached down and grabbed her shirt, slowly pulling it over her head. I stared, transfixed as the material caught under her breasts finally came loose and her magnificent breasts bounced back into position, her nipples fully erect and begging to be sucked. Deidre threw the shirt behind her and looked at me lustfully. I immediately lowered my head to her left tit, drawing its nipple into my mouth. I ran my tongue along her aerole and gently nibbled her nipple every few seconds. She just put her hands behind my hand, egging me on with her soft moans and grinding her ass onto my throbbing erection that was still trapped inside my jeans.

I had to free my dick, lest it explode in my pants. I reached down for the button to my jeans without letting go of Deidre's breast. She saw my hand going for my fly and pulled back, sliding down so she was kneeling on the floor with her torso over my legs on the bed. Her hands quickly undid my jeans, releasing most of the pressure on my penis. I lifted my ass off of the bed to allow her to yank them off completely, which she deftly did. I still had a pair of grey boxers on, and there was a rather large stain in them from the huge amounts of pre-cum she'd elicited from me earlier. Deidre smiled wickedly when she saw this. "Did little old me cause you to make this mess?" She then leaned her head down and kissed the spot, causing my cock to twitch and strain even harder against its last barrier.

My boxers have a button fly in them as well, and Deidre took notice of this, pushing my dick toward the fly until its purple head stuck out. She didn't bother to unbutton the fly, letting only the head out for now. Her tongue licked underneath the head, running across the sensitive underside and drew a deep, low moan from me. Deidre looked back up at me with those deep brown eyes and fixed her lustful gaze on me as she swirled her tongue back up onto the top of my penis. She planted several kisses all over my cock head, then swallowed it completely into her warm, wet mouth. I was trying my damndest not to come yet, but it was all I could do not to unload my balls down her throat.

Deidre must have sensed this somehow, as she released her hold on my penis and stood up. She turned around back on to me, looking over her shoulder at me, and sexily wiggled her ass as she lowered herself onto my crotch. She still had her little purple panties on, and my dick was still mostly in my boxers, but it felt so good as she slowly and sensually rubbed her ass into my hard cock.

I responded by reaching around for her tits again, rubbing the underside of them and squeezing my palms over her rock-hard nipples. She sought out my mouth again and we kissed some more as she continued grinding against me.

This was heaven! I closed my eyes, trying not to think about how impossible this seemed until only a few minutes ago, for fear that I'd wake up from this dream. I kept my eyes closed as I felt Deidre pull away, and wondered where her mouth would go next. Surely she was about to rip off my boxers and really go to town on my cock! After a few seconds of eagerly anticipating her next move, I opened my eyes just in time to see the door shut as Deidre left! She'd grabbed her own robe and left the room without saying a word. This threw me for a loop, but before I could even comprehend what had just happened the door opened again. This time, it was Rachel who came into the room. Here I was with my cock half out of my boxers, lying on Deidre's bed!

My hand went down to cover up my raging hard-on as Rachel's jaw dropped. She had her robe on, her wet blond hair hanging out over her shoulders. I waited for her to flip out at me and kick me out. Instead, she came over and stood in front me, removing my hand from over my boxers.

"That bitch! She went and started with out me!" Rachel then untied the belt to her robe and opened it up. Her flat stomach looked amazing, and my glance turned down to her well manicured sex. She was definitely a real blonde, as a small tuft of her pubic hair revealed. She'd just kept a little strip of hair above her pussy, while the rest of it was completely shaved clean.

I looked back up into her deep blue eyes, and she just stood there smiling at me. She was actually blushing a little, and I could tell she was a little nervous about the situation. I figured I'd have to be the aggressor here, so I inched out to the edge of the bed and wrapped my hands around her hips, underneath the robe. Rachel exhaled as my hands softly traced up her hips to her side. I stopped when I felt the underside of her breats, looking into her eyes to see if she still wanted me to go on. She just nodded at me, standing there before me trembling. God, she was so fucking sexy! My hands moved up a bit further, pushing the robe up past her shoulders until it fell to her feet. Rachel's breasts were now bared to me, and her nipples were surprisingly large and puffy. They pointed upward and were already hard. I moved my hands to either side of her head and slowly moved in to kiss her. Rachel closed her eyes and moved in to meet me. Our kisses were soft and tender at first, but after a bit Rachel reached up and put her hands behind my head, pulling my mouth harder against hers and really whipping her tongue into a frenzy. Her tits rubbed against my shirt, making her nipples even harder if that was possible.

I broke off the kiss, stood up beside Rachel and pulled my shirt off. She backed up a bit and sat on the edge of her bed, which was directly across from Deidre's. Rachel's ass was on the edge, and she spread her legs wide, moving her fingers down to spread open her labia. "Eat my cunt!" she ordered me. I was surprised to hear here talk that way, but definetely not dissapointed! This was a whole different side to Rachel, one that I was glad to be experiencing.

I obediently kneeled down between her gorgeous, long legs and kissed her right thigh, then her left, alternating between the two and moving upwards until I reached her wet pussy. I inhaled her pungent aroma before lowering my lips to her outer lips. I licked up each one that her fingers held open, then sunk my tongue into her open hole. Rachel moaned as I invaded her pussy, gently poking about and releasing some of her juices. I withdrew my tongue and lapped up some of her wetness, then quickly flicked it over her clitoris for the briefest of instants. Rachel let out a grunt, then reached down with her other hand to rub her clit herself. I returned my oral ministrations back to her inner vagina, delving inside again to poke and pry into her wet, velvety womanhood. After withdrawing again to lap up more excess juices, I reached up and inserted a finger into her, slowly pushing and pulling it in and out of her. Rachel leaned back on the bed now, removing her hands and giving me complete control over her pussy. I added another finger to the assault, then moved my other hand to rub the area between her pussy and her ass. That, combined with the extra digit and my tongue now unabashedly attacking her clitoris, drove her crazy. I looked up to see Rachel pulling on her nipples, repeating "Oh God oh God oh God!" over and over in a hushed, sexy tone. I kept my eyes locked on hers as I let my hands and tongue go to work.

By now, my boxers were drenched again, only this time from all of my own secretions and not melting snow. I was about to free up a hand to ditch my underwear when I felt a pair of hands slip into the sides of my boxers. Looking over my shoulder I saw it was Deidre. She had just gotten out of the shower, having grabbed one herself after she'd heard Rachel finish up.

"Hey baby, I see you've found someone else to play with while I was gone." said Deidre. I winked at her as she dropped her robe, letting her great tits fall out. I noticed she still had her purple panties on though. I would have said something, but talking with one's mouth full is impolite, plus I was really having fun playing with my food! Deidre picked up on this anyway. "I noticed how much you like these panties, so I figured I'd let you remove them yorself. Consider it an early Christmas present. Now, time to open mine!"

With that, Deidre pulled down my boxers, finally releasing my aching prick completely. I kept eating Rachel for all I was worth, dipping down every once and a while to lap up her secretions. Deidre sat behind me, and I felt those hard nipples grinding into my back. She reached around, stroking my cock as she kissed and nibbled on the back of my neck.

Rachel began moaning louder and louder and began screaming at me. "Fuck yeah! Lick my fucking clit, suck it hard! Oooh, yeah, like that! Fuck, I'm coming, don't fucking stop!" Her hips were gyrating furiously, grinding her hot pussy into my mouth. My entire face was drenched in Rachel's hot juices, and she kept coming and coming for about 20-30 seconds straight. I'd never heard her be so loud or vulgar before, and it was a huge turn-on to see this side of her. My cock was steadily leaking pre-cum into Deidre's expert hand, and my balls were aching for release.

Deidre removed her hand then, much to my dismay. She layed back on her bed, raising her legs together toward the ceiling. "My turn! Come over her and take these sexy panties off of me. My pussy can't wait any longer!" I gave Rachel's swollen sex one more kiss before turning around to face Deidre. I placed my fingers into the front of her panties, feeling how soft they were. Sliding my fingers to the sides, I began to tug them down over her sexy hips, staring at her crotch as her magnificent cunt came into view. Deidre had shaved all of her pubic hair off, and her bald pussy was glistening with her own juices. I let out a moan as I saw her wet snatch, and I continued to move her panties up her extended legs, removing them and tossing them on the floor. I placed my hands on Deidre's feet and slowly pushed them apart, lowering them at the same time. I looked down at her pussy, seeing her wet netherlips part as I splayed her legs open. Her pink tunnel was open, slick and shiny from her excitement.
