 When Michelle came back into the living room she let out an appreciative moan. 

"Boys..." she smiled, "don't start without me..." 

But instead of getting on the couch Michelle sat on the floor with her back on the couch. Then she shot us both seductive looks, 

"It's been a long day..." she cooed, "...I think I need a massage; why don't you guys get to work," she smiled, and laid her long hair on the front of her shoulder, so that her luscious tan back was exposed. 

Just the sight of her shoulders was enough to get me totally hard. Brad and I got a bottle of baby oil, and poured it on her shoulders. I got her left and he got her right. Michelle started moaning right away. Brad took the initiative and unzipped the back of her dress; Michelle's tan, firm and feminine body stood out against the dazzling white of her dress, and now most of her back was exposed. Pretty soon it was shining with oil; 

"Boys...you guys should start a masseuse class," she said, smiling, and eyes half-closed.

Pretty soon her dress was crumpled and folded around her waist, as we spread the baby oil on her firm breasts and fit stomach, and massaged. Both Brad and I were sporting major wood in our boxers; we started licking Michelle's nipples, I got her left, and Brad got her right. All of a sudden Michelle grasped our cocks through the boxers and started massaging us in turn; I gasped, and Michelle and Brad shared a chuckle. 

"Getting excited Dave," Michelle shot me a seductive look that almost had me cumming in her hand. I started nuzzling and biting lightly at her neck, while Brad did the same for her shoulder. Michelle was slowly jacking us off and made small moans of pleasure. I could see, in the mirror of the far side of the living room, that my and Brad's bodies were slightly covered in the oil too now, which made things so much hotter; Brad's tan muscles looked awesome oiled as he kissed and carressed Michelle's shoulder. Looking at him, I realized he had yet again taken the initiative and was already fingering Michelle's pussy. This was the reason she had started to moan much louder. I was a bit worried now about what he had said the day before...that it would be hard to keep up with him; but the whole thing was turning me on too, so I decided just to go with it and have fun. 

The feeling of Michelle's fingers and nails slowly pumping my meat was turning me totally hot, and I figured it was the same for Brad. Soon Michelle turned to me and gave me a full-mouth kiss, and we wrestled tongue for a while. Then she turned to Brad and did the same with him; through this he kept fingering her pussy expertly with two fingers, so she got really into kissing him. She bit at his lower lip in total heat, and then they licked each other tongues for a while.

Seeing my girlfriend open-mouth kiss with another guy was really turning me on for some reason, and more so since the other guy was Brad. Michelle soon turned and gave me the same open-mouth treatment, and I felt her tongue tickle mine. Like I said, I was about to burst throughout this whole episode, and only by really making an effort was I able to control myself. I wanted this to last. There was techno music lightly playing in the background, and the lights were dim, so it was perfect.

Soon, however, Michelle started spreading the oil on our bodies and she licked my chest and stomach, and also Brad's. She was really getting into having two guys at her disposal. The sight of her sharp, beautiful tongue licking and tickling Brad's muscular pecs and the ridges of his oiled abs almost had me shooting again...I would have if her hand was still on my cock, but now she was using each hand to lower our boxers. She downright gasped when Brad's thick monster sprang up and slapped his hard abs with a sound. Soon our boxers were at our knees, which is also where Michelle's dress ended up, we had totally undressed her; Brad had basically ripped off her sexy thong panties.

Michelle grabbed my cock, but did not jack it (I would have come if she had) while she licked the tip of Brad's huge dick. Pretty soon she was licking the thick, vertical shaft up and down as Brad lay back against the couch, a look of pleasure and ecstasy in his face. His oiled, muscled chest was heaving as he felt Michelle's lush mouth worship and tease his cock. Brad lay one muscular arm on the couch, while he rested the other one lightly on the back of Michelle's neck.

Soon Michelle, looking straight into Brad's eyes, engulfed the head of his great cock in her hot mouth; I could see a smug look of total pleasure in Brad as he looked into my girlfriend's eye while she was taking his cock in her mouth. Seeing the girl I had gone out with for the past few months go down on this oiled, muscular hunk who was my main competitor on the swimming team really got me charged and hot for some reason, and I was about to come, so I released myself from Michelle's grip. This allowed her to use both hands to explore Brad's oily, defined abs and muscular thighs and ass.

I could see she was really getting turned on and getting into sucking Brad's dick. Now I only had a view of her from behind, so I could see her perfect tan ass and her long black hair bobbing up and down in front of Brad's awesome eight-pack. I was surprised, and flattered, when Michelle yanked herself away from his hips and lunged to mine. She took my cock in her mouth at once, almost to the root, and I could feel her hot tongue swirling around the shaft.

I moaned and also fell with my back to an armchair. The feeling of Michelle's mouth on my cock as she explored my oily, fit body with her hands and nails was driving me crazy; I could see Brad in front smiling back at me like a fox, but friendly. His light blond hair, which stood out yellow against his tan body was slightly wet with sweat now, and sticking to his forehead.

"Feel good, man?" he asked me, smiling. 

"Ogh...fuck yah..." I moaned as I snapped my head back. 

I was even about to come, but Brad's voice reminded Michelle that we had a guest here, with a hot cock to boot, so she stopped making love to mine and lunged back at his. Her oily, tan, firm body, with a great full, but firm ass and breasts looked the best I could ever remember at this point. Brad and I had moved closer, and he had a hand around my shoulder, and for the next few minutes Michelle went back and forth from his cock to mine. She really had to adjust her lips to take in the full girth of his thick cock, and I was surprised and totally hot to see she was able to do that. Also, Brad had started to carress my shoulder with the tips of his fingers, and that was driving me almost over the edge too.

I was in total ecstasy; he had a slight smile of satisfaction on his face as he looked at Michelle engulf his cock. Michelle, I noticed, though in a haze, I was so turned on, was spending a lot more time in the intervals she was going down on Brad than on me. Pretty soon, he had grabbed the back of her head and was pumping her mouth up and down on his long, thick, hot cock. Michelle, I could see, was making every effort to oblige and deep-throated him to the max, slightly gagging and chocking on the head of his battering ram.

She looked up, wide eyed, to his face, and he looked back at her with a smug sense of pleasure, and this totally turned me on. I was pretty close, only inches away from Michelle's face, and I didn't know what to make of it when Brad released my shoulder and in fact even pushed me away a bit with the side of his strong forearm. Then he used his now-free hand, to join the other one on the back of Michelle's head, and pump her two-handed down on his powerful tool. Michelle was going totally wild with ecstasy while sucking Brad's cock, I could see, and hand her hands running everywhere on his body, feeling his oily, rippling muscles.

I was left pretty much on the side, and starting jacking off, but slow. It was totally driving me hot for some weird reason to see Michelle, the girl I basically lived with, go down on my cocky rival for the swimming team. And it also turned me on that he was moving in, taking over, that he had pushed me away...this drove me way hot, and I didn't understand why...I mean, I knew I SHOULD have gone behind her and taken her pussy now, but somehow I remained paralyzed watching her take the full length of Brad's cock over and over again. Pretty soon Brad was about to come, I could see, his body was getting tense; so he took 'chelle's head off his thick cock, with a pop. Strands of spit were running from her lips to the tip of Brad's dick, and his shaft glistened with her saliva.

"Fuckk...." Brad said softly, looking down at her..."lick my balls, Michelle," he told her, and she did. While Michelle was licking and sucking wildly at Brad's balls, he was still looking slightly down at her, and said, 

"Ogh, fuck man...I can see why you like this bitch...fuuuck...she's a fucking expert at giving head, dude...had to stop before I shot down your girl's throat, Dave...wanna make this last...oh yeah," he said, slightly smiling. Soon though Brad, raised Michelle up by the back of her head and kissed her deeply. I could see his tongue must have been like halfway down her throat. Michelle was totally covered in oil and sweat, and I could see things were getting pretty hot...she ran her hands all over his body, feeling the muscles on his back and ass. Then Brad took her by her armpits and even sort of threw her lightly on the couch. I could see from behind now as Brad stood up and then lay over Michelle's sprawled body.

Then it happened; Brad pinned down Michelle's hands, with his left hand, on the backrest of the couch and used his powerful, muscled tan thighs to spread her legs. I saw his tight muscle-ass descend and contract as he used his right hand to guide his cock into my girlfriend's hot pussy. Michelle at this point surprised and shocked me with a loud screech.

"Oohhh faack, Brad! Your cock's so fuckin' huge!" Brad said nothing as he worked in more of his cock, stretching Michelle's pussy more than it had ever been. Michelle now moaned and screamed incoherently in pain and pleasure; she kept exclaiming, 

"Brad, your fuckin' cock's so THICK!!!" I even thought she might be in pain or trouble, but she made no effort to stop him, and I was just getting too turned on watching Brad fill my girlfriend with his huge cock to do anything. In fact, I'm sure she was having the time of her life. I watched for a few minutes from behind as the muscles in Brad's back and ass contracted and relaxed as he gave my girl the fucking of her days; she was moaning like a bitch in heat, incoherently, and kept repeating how his cock was so huge, how he was so fucking strong.

"Fuckin' A yah Brad, take me with your giant cock....oh fuuuuck!" Michelle moaned and screeched. "That tight pussy's all yours, stud!"

Michelle liked to talk dirty, and it was getting me trembling, I was so hot to hear her talk dirty to this cocky stud. He had been right. Brad had moved in, and I couldn't keep up; I was transfixed on everything he was doing to her, the power of his awesome muscles and body taking over my girl. This threesome had become pretty much a twosome, as I was left on the side, jacking my hungry cock. But it gave a total thrill for some reason to see Brad totally rule the day like that. It was great for Michelle too, I know it, to have this stud fuck her silly while I watched helpless.

Pretty soon Michelle had a huge orgasm, basically screeching so loud I'm sure all the neighbors were on to us. Her legs were up in the air now, brushing Brad's powerful fit sides, as he grabbed her hips and slammed home into her, his hips moving fast and making loud slapping sounds as they hit hers. Brad kept goading her on throughout her orgasm....

"You gonna cum for me? Huh Michelle?" With every question he slammed harder into her, but only his hips moved, his upper body remained pretty relaxed and motionless. "You gonna cum for me in front of your boyfriend, huh?"

This is when she started screeching. Brad kept repeating "Yeah, yeah, yeah," throughout her ecstatic orgasm, but in an aggressive way that really turned me (and her) on. Michelle's orgasm would have driven any other guy over the edge, I'm sure, but Brad just kept going.though more slowly now. I actually got up to get closer and watch, but when I got close Brad pushed me away with his elbow. For some weird reason, this cocky act gave me a thrill, and I started jacking off furiously watching his thick cock go in and out of Michelle's pussy.

"Got a hot fuckin' tight cunt, ohh shit yeah..." Brad moaned. 

Michelle's total orgasm was pretty much over now, but Brad didn't stop there. For the next half hour or so, he put on a real show. He fucked Michelle bent over a couch, over a chair, and up against the living room wall. He even cock-walked her, lightly slapping her firm ass, to the kitchen and gave her a good fuck in front of the sink while she watched, in the mirror in front of them, his handsome face and body go at her from behind.

Meanwhile, I was still standing, watching, slowly jerking myself off. Brad's power and masculinity were amazing, and I just felt privileged to watch him. That hour it was like he taught me a real lesson about how to fuck a girl---my girl, in this case. I even think Michelle caught my eye in the kitchen sink mirror and smiled at me wickedly. She was totally getting off on being ravaged like that in front of me, while I watched with my dick in my hand.

Brad eventually came into her hot pussy while he had her pinned in the air to the wall of our bedroom, where the fuck marathon had taken them. Michelle was a total mess, sweaty and oiled, and I could see his ass muscles contract as he pumped my girlfriend's hot pussy with loads of cum. All the while Michelle was screeching through another one of the many orgasms she had that night, the biggest one yet this time:

"Fill me with your hot cum Brad! OOoh fuck yeah, fuckin' take that pussy with your cock, stud!!" she moaned and yelled on incoherently.

This continued for more than a minute as he spurted up her insides again and again. Then they full-mouthed kissed for a little while, and then, still with his cock inside her, Brad, still basically carrying her, threw her down on our bed, a total mess, and slowly took his thick tool out of her hungry pussy. I looked at Michelle...it looked basically like she was in a trance or coma of pleasure, laying back, eyes half closed, sweaty, oiled, breathing heavily, a satisfied smile on her face. Sex with Michelle and I had always been hot, even wild, but I had never been able to satisfy her like this; it took Brad to bring her to this level, and the thought that my rival had so totally cock-blocked me in this threesome and showed her a better time than I ever could, was totally driving me hot, and I didn't know what to do.

Brad stood up in front of the bed where he had thrown the totally-fucked Michelle--our bed--and stretched, showing off his oiled unbelievable defined muscles. His dick was still hard and he looked totally amazing; his face was slightly flushed, though it was not completely red, because he was tan; his hair was pretty sweaty, and sticking to his forehead. He smiled at me.

"Enjoy the show, Dave?" He smiled. "Told you wouldn't be able to keep up, babe," he smirked, and walked by me, slapping my ass.

My cock twitched when he did this. Brad went to the corner of the bedroom, where he slightly wiped his face off with one of my shirts. I was still transfixed looking at his muscles. Brad turned around, a cocky, smug grin still playing on his boyish, handsome face. 

"So'd you like to see me fuck your girl silly dude?" I looked back at him, totally in heat, not knowing what to say. I was sort of embarassed by the question though. 

"Looks like you did," he answered his own question, and smacked the tip of my cock with two fingers from his right hand. "Your dick says it all, bro..." 

My cock just about burst when he touched me. Then I noticed he was looking at Michelle again. I looked at her too...she was in the same condition.

"Looks like she's worn out, man," said Brad. "Too bad..." 

He looked down at his thick cock, still rigid and demanding. It was still covered with Michelle's pussy juices, and the thought of what he had just done to her totally thrilled me again. 

"...Who's gonna take care of this?" He smiled, suggestively at me.

It was clear what he meant. At this point, I sort of panicked... 

"Uhm...I don't know what you're saying Brad..." I was speaking with pauses and stops, I was still so turned on. "...I mean...I don't do that, I'm not gay..."

He smirked at me and walked by. I thought he had dropped the whole thing, but in fact as he was walking by, he grabbed my wrist, and led me toward and armchair. It was easy for him to lead me like that, more like a rag doll, since I was still weak and limp from being so turned-on. Brad sat confidently smiling down on my armchair, still holding on to my wrist, legs spread open. Then he applied so much pressure to my wrist that it got really painful, and I ended up kneeling right in front of him. I had an inkling of where all this was going.

"Suck my dick, man," said Brad, casually, but with a slight tone of command in his voice. I hesitated. "Come on Dave....don't be such a pussy...this is a threesome, right? You've been on the sidelines all night, dude, this is not a spectator sport..." he grinned again, and his friendly smile put me at ease. "Gotta join in, right Dave?"

I looked at his still-hard spearhead cock, still glistening with Michelle's juices. It got me totally hot. I was still reluctant...I mean...I wasn't gay, right? I didn't suck cock. 

"Fuck it, Dave, just do it, man...look..." he grabbed the base of his cock and waved the head close to my face, "it's even got your girl's hot pussy-spit on it, it will make it easier for you," he smiled. "You've eaten 'chelle out before, right dude?" I nodded to him. "You can even just start by licking it," he said.

Then, with a hand still applying pressure to my wrist, and the other on the back of my head, Brad, pushed me closer to his cock. The heat coming from that monster battering-ram was amazing. Getting so close to it, I was totally consumed with lust, and I dropped all my inhibitions: I couldn't control myself...I wanted Brad's hot cock! I started licking the shaft up and down like a dog in heat...the feel was strange. Brad's cock was soft, the skin smooth, but all hard...like the rest of his awesome, muscular body. The taste of Michelle's pussy was driving me crazy too, and also the idea of where this cock had just been and what it had just done. Meanwhile, Brad was talking down to me, 

"Oh fuck yeah, that's it dude...do it Dave, do it...lick my cock, dicklicker...fuck I knew you'd totally be into this dude, from the time I saw you checkin' me out in the showers...just had to take you out of your shell, dicklicker, and knew you'd be all over my big meat..."

Brad kept teasing me like that, but I didn't care; in fact it even turned me on more, if that was possible. I was totally into his cock now, and didn't even think as I engulfed the head in my mouth. Slowly, I ended up kissing more and more of Brad's amazing, powerful cock over the next few minutes. Pretty soon, my lips were spread so wide my jaws hurt, and I felt the head poke at the entrance to my throat. I almost started to gag, but Brad used the grip he had on my head to push me down further on his cock. I started choking, and tried to push off against his muscular thighs; but they were like rocks, and I couldn't budge him. I was choking.

"FUCK! AWESOME!" Brad exclaimed. "Nothin' like breaking through a fag's throat for the first time!"

It sort of shocked me that Brad had called me that, but like I said, his talking down to me was turning me on even more.
