 This is the story of Natalia. The first lover my boyfriend and I shared and the one who would lead us to invite many more beautiful women to enjoy our bed with us.

You might say we are of "mature" age but our sex life is very hot! We've been together for 3 years now and the sex just keeps getting better. We never miss a day and sometimes find a way to get together more than once. We both agree sex is one of the greatest joys in life and also very healthy.

While talking about our fantasies one day he inquired as to whether I ever fantasized about other women.

"No way!" 

I explained I was even propositioned in my younger days, thoughtfully considered it, and emphatically decided the answer was no. 

"I have absolutely no interest in doing or being done by a woman!" 

"I understand, he said, but if you ever change your mind I hope you'll include me." 

He had often fantasized, and on several occasions actually experienced, two women at the same time. He loved the idea of them working him over as a team and doing things like sharing licking his cock like a lollipop.

Even though I thought I was clear about not wanting to be with another woman, a strange thing had happened. Much of the porn I recently enjoyed while masturbating involved women eating each other's pussies. I just loved to watch women get fucked by the same man and then delicately and deliciously lick the come out of each other afterwards. Especially hot was mother and daughter both being fucked by father and then watching mom lick dad's cream pie as it dripped from her daughter's pussy. 

One day a beautiful young woman came to stay for a week in the room we rent through Airbnb. This was Natalia. She had a long, lean body with silky brown skin and hair, clear intelligent eyes, and an easy way that led to an instant rapport between us.

It would not be long before she revealed that she is bisexual and found me extremely attractive. One night as we were sharing a bottle of wine she looked into my eyes and said, "Amy, I would really love to eat your pussy!"

I was amazed that she had just come out with it like that but I was not offended. It actually caused a stirring of arousal that completely took me by surprise. I started to look at her differently.

A few days later she decided to join me for some sunbathing by the pool. As I began to rub oil on she said, "Let me help you with that." She then rubbed oil on the back of my legs and each time she moved up and down my thigh she came closer to my pussy. 

"Ooh that feels so good" I found myself saying.

"I'm so glad you think so", she said with a sweet smile.

Later when I turned over and could easily apply the oil myself she offered her help again. I willingly handed her the bottle and this time she actually rubbed my clit through my bathing suit while looking directly into my eyes. It took my breath away!

We stayed by the pool for hours drinking mojitos and listening to reggae. My boyfriend Scott eventually came over and joined us. When he went into the kitchen to get a beer I followed him, grabbed him, looked into his beautiful blue eyes, and said, "I want to eat pussy!"

His eyes widened, he got a big smile and gestured toward Natalia by the pool. I nodded yes!

We all ended up spending sunset drinking together and talking easily. She seemed to enjoy Scott's company and told me she thought he was very cute. I did not understand how this beautiful woman had changed my mind but as the night wore on all I could think of was spreading her legs and pleasuring her with my tongue and fingers. And of course I was ravenously hungry for her mouth on my pussy!

"YOU'RE very cute!" I said. "No, cute is not the word. You are lovely and beautiful and 

I'm dying to make love with you!"

"But what about Scott? Shouldn't we invite him to our party?"

We decided to move to Natalia's comfortable king-sized bed.

We lit candles, put a great love-making station on Pandora and I started to undress.

Natalia walked over and asked to help again. She silently and slowly took off my bikini bottoms (I had already pulled the string on my top) and then started caressing my nipples.

She then moved down to delicately suck one. Scott came over to do the other. He then whispered to Natalia asking if he could help her get out of her bathing suit.

"He's such a gentleman Amy! Yes, of course Scott. That would be lovely."

As he untied her top, full, well rounded, natural breasts fell free. Scott and I began working on each of her nipples as if we had done this a million times.

Then Natalia suggested that we free Scott of his shorts. We gently worked in unison to lower them over his already rock hard cock and youthful firm backside.

All naked, Scott motioned to the bed and said, "Shall we? Ladies first."

Natalia took my hand and led me to the bed.

"Please lay back Amy and allow me."

She gently spread my legs and finally I felt her soft lips and tongue exploring and enticing my pussy. 

"Oh God, this is ecstacy!" I felt like I was already in a slow motion dream of intense and wondrous feminine pleasure. I knew almost immediately that Scott and I would be inviting other women to share our bed.

"Let me taste you now," I whispered.

I delighted in trying the things Scott always did while expertly eating me. Sucking, nibbling and of course fingering with first one finger and then more as she bucked and ground against me.

"Oh Amy. Are you sure you've never made love to a woman before? You're driving me crazy. Don't stop. Fuck me harder sweetheart...harder. Oh I love this so much!"

As I ate Natalia's pussy Scott came over and asked me if I would mind putting my butt in the air. He had been watching with sheer delight and now needed to be included.

"Oh baby...fuck me. You're so hard my love. Fuck me baby...oh so good" I moaned.

Eventually we agreed we wanted to both do Scott.

"Please lay back and enjoy, my love", I said.

"Oh yes, you were so patient while us ladies were enjoying each other. We want to show our appreciation, don't we Amy?"

We gently placed a pillow under his head, rubbed either side of his firm, fit body and ended up on either side of his perfect cock.

"Isn't he beautiful?" I asked Natalia.

She nodded as she wrapped her long fingers around his shaft and started circling his cock head with her mouth. I joined in and we licked from each side. Sometimes I would take the head and she would work down lower and then we would change positions.

"Oh my God", Scott moaned as his head tilted back.

We continued to work his cock as if in a synchronized dance. Looking into each other's eyes with delight, knowing it was taking all he had not to come. At times we would kiss deeply. I couldn't believe how much I loved sucking Scott and kissing Natalia and then returning to Scott's beautiful cock to bring him pleasure once more.

"Oh thank you ladies...thank you so much!" 

"It's our pleasure" We said in unison as if we were two who had become one. One sensual, synchronized sex machine.

"I want to fuck you Natalia. Would that be alright with you?" Scott asked politely.

"As long as Amy will let me taste her once again."

I moved to place my pussy over Natalia's face, watching as Scott mounted her gently from the top. He looked right into my eyes as he pushed into her. I mouthed, "I love you". He then reached over to kiss me as he was fucking Natalia and she was working her magic on my pussy.

"You like that, huh"? Natalia said as she expertly fucked me with her fingers and sucked on my clit.

"I can't breathe!" "This is too fucking hot!"

"Oh Scott don't stop baby. Give me all you've got. Fuck me with that big beautiful cock of yours." said Natalia between gasps for air.

I moved so that Natalia could focus on the good hard fuck Scott was entrancing her with. 

I laid next to Natalia and gently sucked and tweaked her nipples. Later Scott moved from her to me.

"Oh baby. You feel so good...so hard. Fuck me baby, ummm!"

At that moment Natalia positioned herself over MY face.

"Thank you lovely lady. How did you know what I wanted?"

This time I was the one who got fucked while eating pussy. My mind was blown by the excitement it generated. The combination of Scott's exquisite love making and the noises of pleasure coming from Natalia, as I sucked and fucked her delicate sweet pussy was more powerful and erotic than anything I had ever experienced.

Then Scott said, "How about I roll over and Natalia can ride cowgirl and you can sit on my face Amy. I think you've gotten her ready to ride." We both moved into position. I always loved it when Scott had full access to me with his tongue and his fingers. That man could do magic! And I knew Natalia was in for a treat.

She eagerly mounted him on top and began to move slowly, rhythmically while whispering into the back of my head that I am indeed one lucky woman. 

"Oh yes! I'm so happy to be sharing my wonder lover with you. I hope we can do it again before you leave."

Her pace sped up and she was almost screaming in ecstasy. I knew the feeling well. We were both being fucked expertly by Scott; one on his cock and one on his mouth. We all moved together as if we'd practiced for this moment all of our lives.

Just as I approached orgasm Natalia said, "Keep doing what you're doing, I'm going to come."

"Me too", said Scott breathlessly.

The air became filled with a chorus of moans and oh my gods and thank yous as we all came together at almost the exact same moment. 

As we relaxed afterwards I looked into the faces of my lovers.

"Are those tears in your eyes Natalia?" I asked.

"Yes, tears of joy. I've never experienced anything so hot and yet so utterly beautiful."

"Me either." Scott and I said at exactly the same time.

We all smiled and laid together, with Scott in the middle holding a lover on each side and us girls holding hands over his chest. And in that tangle of warm wet satisfaction we fell asleep.