 The second day of our ski vacation the weather was a little improved so the other husbands and I hit the slopes while the wives decided to take a spa day. We made it a short day and skied only a few hours past lunch, then went back to the house we were all renting. 

None of the wives were around so I took a shower and had a nap, as did the other guys. Karen woke me in time for dinner. When I asked her if we were going to be playing any games tonight she said the wives all had something fun in mind but we'd find out after dinner.

The wine flowed freely before and during dinner and I think we were all a little nervous about what was going to happen. 

After dinner the wives informed us that we were all going to roll dice and that would decide our partners for the evening. Anyone who wound up alone would obviously reroll and if a married couple wound up together they could reroll as well.

After all the rolls and a couple of rerolls Karen and I were to be together while three of the wives and three of the husbands were each designated to be in a separate group. 

Someone suggested we reroll the entire group but Karen and I were the only ones who were supposed to have this option. It took a couple of rolls to settle it but I wound up with the wives and, a few rolls later, Karen wound up with the guys. Nicole asked Karen if she wanted to reroll.

Karen shrugged and said "those are the rules. " Looking at the other husbands, Karen declared. "This game was my idea, I think I can handle it," she said biting her lip.

The two groups separated to different parts of the house. When Emily, Nicole, Shawn and I got to our room we all looked at each other, wondering where to start. 

Shawn said she had an idea and kissed me passionately while unbuttoning my shirt while Emily and Nicole did the same together. We were all on fire by the time the last piece of clothing dropped to the floor. Emily broke from her embrace with Nicole and looked over at my raging hardon.

"Let's suck his cock," Emily declared. 

The three of them knelt before me with Shawn in the center. Emily and Nicole slid their tongues up and down my shaft, like they were making out with my dick between them. 

Shawn swirled her lips and tongue around my cockhead and alternatively throated me. It was the most amazing feeling I'd ever had before or since. 

Shawn then dropped underneath me so I now had her tongue sliding up and down the underside of my shaft with Nicole and Emily on either side. Every so often one of them would take my cockhead into her mouth. The other two would pause just long enough to let her throat me before they resumed their licking.

There was no way I could last a very long with this kind of attention. Sensing that I was on the verge of coming, Emily asked the others who would swallow my load, then offering to go first. 

As my body stiffened Emily wrapped her lips around my cockhead and I exploded into her mouth. She swallowed my first few loads then tapped Shawn on the shoulder to take over. 

Shawn did so without missing a drop and proceeded to swallow and suck on my dick as I kept erupting into her mouth. Nicole then took over and milked my balls of every last drop, sucking and sucking away with abandon until I fell limply out of her mouth.

I collapsed onto the bed and was unable to move for a while. The three of them joined me on the bed, kissing and caressing each other. Emily lay on her back so Shawn could suck on her breasts while Nicole buried herself between Emily's legs. This went on for a few minutes before they changed positions, then changed positions again. 

Emily suggested they move to the floor where there was more room so they spread the blankets on the carpet and were soon entwined. Eventually they wound up with Shawn on her back with Emily going down on her and Nicole straddling Shawn's face. 

This beautiful scene got my blood flowing again so I knelt in front of Nicole so she could revive me. She took my dick into her mouth and the moans Nicole was making, as a result of the tongue lashing she was getting from Shawn, felt really good around my dick.

Both Shawn and Nicole had thunderous orgasms and by then my dick was ready for another round. Fortunately, so was Emily. I pulled her onto the bed and I played with her enormous breasts and sucked on them while she played with my dick. I went down on her for a while before she begged me to fuck her. 

This time I was on top as I slid my dick inside her but it wasn't long before she wanted to change positions so we rolled over. She leaned over several times, dangling her enormous breasts and inch or so from my face. Every time I try to suck on one of them she raised it out of my reach with a giggle. 

This happened a couple of times before she finally let me bury my face between them. After we came Shawn and Nicole joined us on the bed where we huddled together under the covers. We talked about how amazing this trip had been and wondered if we might do it again sometime. 

The ladies confessed they had all had fantasies about something like this happening but figured that's all it would ever be. I was between Emily and Shawn and they were playing with my dick while I alternated between playing with their breasts.

"You know, Mark, I've fucked you twice this vacation," Emily said. "Has anyone else?"

"He did it with me once, but I don't think he's had his way with Nicole yet," Shawn said.

"I tell you what, if I get him hard again Nicole, you want to fuck him?" Emily asked. 

Nicole thought it over for a second before declaring "why not."

Emily pulled back the covers and went to work. She started by kissing the base of my shaft and covering my dick with light kisses and a few flicks of her tongue. She then rubbed my dick against her enormous breasts, then draped her long hair over my body. 

By the time I was hard again Emily was just as horny as I was. I then realized that Nicole and Shawn had been making out and fingering each other.

We all switched positions and I mounted Nicole while Emily and Shawn got into a 69. It was a wonderful site with Emily on top and her breasts hanging down. I must have passed out soon after I came.

Meanwhile, in a different part of the house, Karen was "reluctantly" going through with her role in this game. She may have been feigning reluctance but I knew she was just concealing her own delight in having three guys ready to please her.

As Karen told me afterwards Jack, Joe and Steve started out taking turns with one of them kissing her while the others removed her clothes. As soon as she was naked Karen sat down on the bed.

"What are you waiting for guys? Doesn't anyone have a nice cock for me?" Karen asked.

"You're really going through at this?" Steve asked.

"We all agreed," Karen said. "Besides, you don't think my husband is fucking your wives silly right now?"

That was all the encouragement they needed and the guys quickly stripped out of their clothes and joined Karen on the bed.

Jack and Joe each sucked on one of her breasts and kissed her while Steve buried his face between her legs. Just the idea of taking on three guys was enough to turn Karen on so it didn't take long before she demanded that someone start fucking her. 

Steve pulled her onto her hands and knees so he could fuck Karen doggystyle. Jack offered her his dick and she took him into her mouth. After Steve and Jack came, Karen took Joe's dick into her mouth for a bit before she mounted him and rode him cowgirl style.

After Joe came Karen needed more dick, so she revived Steve with her mouth until he was hard enough. She got on all fours again so he could fuck her from behind. She motioned to Jack to get in front of her. Karen sucked on Joe's dick while Steve fucked her, then when Steve came Joe took his place and Jack slid into her mouth. After they'd each had their way with her a second time they decided to rest for a bit.

Karen played with their limp dicks, telling the guys how she wanted to fuck them all one more time. She wondered aloud what myself and the wives were up to. If the women were going down on each other with me watching, or if I would fuck each one of them in turn. 

It wasn't long before these three guys were all eager for another shot with Karen. She decided that she was getting sore, so instead she sucked on each one of their dicks then let them tit fuck her. As each guy was on the verge of coming, Karen wrapped her mouth around their dicks and swallowed their loads before milking them dry with her mouth.

We had to leave the next day. We didn't say much at the time but in the email exchanges afterwards it was obvious we all had so much fun that we hope to do it again sometime.