 "Dude, that girl is so HOT!"

"Man, I know! I'd like to take her home. Bet she's a great cocksucker... Oh, hey Sara! Didn't see you there...heh heh heh..." John trailed off into nervous laughter as I walked over to him and the other guys.

I smiled, laughing at the guys and there constant ogling of Japanese girls. When you're a girl teaching English in Japan, the majority of your foreign co-workers are guys. I've gotten used to often being the only girl in the group, and the guys seem to accept me as 'one of the lads'. Tonight we were off to one of our favorite clubs in Osaka and I was psyched to be having a night out in the big city, instead of in the small town where I live. It had been a long, shitty week at work: my manager was making me do all sorts of extra administrative work, giving me extra classes and basically being a bitch. I needed to let off some steam and have some fun with my friends.

The guys were waiting for me outside of the subway station and for once they were all there before me. I took a moment to look them all over, marveling at how good-looking they all were. I felt lucky to be spending the night with them, even though I'd soon be ignored as they were on the prowl for Japanese girls. There was John, a 23-year-old American guy with short brown hair, green eyes and a tall, muscular build; Adam, an Irish guy who was 28, with shaggy blond hair, brown eyes and a scruffy beard; Chris, 25 and from Canada, who had black hair, blue eyes and the biggest biceps I've ever seen; and finally Sebastian, a 26-year-old Brit with reddish-blond hair, brown eyes and very cute dimples. As for me, I'm 25 years old, Canadian and I'm pretty cute, if I do say so myself. I'm not that tall, but in Japan I stand out at 5'6" and 125lbs. I have wavy light brown hair, blue eyes, fair skin with freckles and a slim, athletic body. I had taken time picking out my outfit today, knowing that we were going to a club. I was wearing a hot pink, tight, halter top that was a bit low-cut, showing off my 34B breasts, a denim mini-skirt to show off my runner's legs, and pink sandals with straps winding around my ankles. And, of course, I was wearing my lucky black silk thong panties (every time I wear those panties to a club, I never go home alone!) I was feeling pretty hot and felt ready to give those Japanese girls a run for their money at the club.

"Wow, Sara, you look fuckin' hot tonight!" said Chris. "Is Tomohiro going to meet us at the club? I know I'd be there if my girlfriend was dressed like that!"

"Ah, Chris, you get so jealous!" I playfully punched him on his muscular upper arm. "But, yeah, Tomo's gonna call me later and hopefully meet up with us. He had to go to a family thing tonight. So, for now, I'm all yours fellas!"

I linked arms with Chris and Adam, and Sebastian and John walked behind us. It took us about 10 minutes to reach the club and when we arrived, I realized the lucky panties were already paying off. Turns out it was "Ladies Night" and so I didn't have to pay cover! I was ushered through the doors while the guys had to line up, and once inside, I got a free drink. I waited a few minutes for the guys and once they were in we grabbed a table in the corner. The club was just starting to pick up (it was around midnight) and was pretty full. The music was pumping and there were a few girls and guys out on the dance floor already. As expected, there were lots of Japanese girls and guys, as well as lots of foreign guys and a handful of foreign girls like me. I got settled at the table with the guys and my martini. The guys were all drinking beer and once we had finished, John jumped up to get the next round. Then Chris bought a round, then Adam, then Sebastian... things soon started getting a little blurry.

While drinking, we were enjoying the music and checking out the people. The guys were, of course, looking for hot girls and I, as usual, was helping pick girls out for them. Usually I have a blast at the clubs, watching the guys hit on girls and occasionally getting hit on myself. What the guys didn't know, though, was that I enjoyed checking out the girls just as much as they did. I wasn't a lesbian, I wasn't even really bisexual, but since coming to Japan I'd been thinking a lot about girls – Japanese girls, specifically. They're all just so cute and girly... and sexy. I'd recently shared these feeling with Tomo, my Japanese boyfriend, and he thought the idea of me with another girl was fantastic. In fact, I had jokingly told him I'd find a girl tonight and that maybe he'd get to join in if he was lucky. Looking around the club now, I felt my panties starting to get a little moist. Would I actually go through with it?

"Ok guys, what about her?" I asked, pointing to a girl dancing by herself. She was very sexy: only 5' tall and very petite, with long black hair that she had pulled back into a ponytail. She was wearing a tiny skirt and a tank top. She kept glancing over at our table and smiling shyly, then wiggling her tiny ass as she danced. Not bad, I thought to myself. Her pert little tits jiggled just a little as she danced and I started getting just a little bit wetter, imagining her naked and my fingers running over her...

"Mmm, she's nice! You've got a good eye, Sara!" Adam grinned at me, then hopped off his stool and went to chat with her. Soon, they were grinding on the dance floor as we cheered them on.

"All right, Sara, how about finding one for me?" said Sebastian. 

"For you? Easy! I totally know your type. Let's see..." I looked around the club, trying to find a Goth-type girl that Sebastian would like. After a few minutes, I noticed a girl by the speakers. She was only about 5'2", but she was wearing huge platform maryjane shoes that added at least 4 inches to her height. She was wearing striped black and white thigh-high socks, a short black dress with a frilly, poofy skirt, and her hair was black with bright red streaks. Her skin was so pale it was nearly translucent, and her lips were painted dark red. She was a bit out of place in the club but didn't seem to care as she was happily dancing in the corner and chatting with some friends. She was hot, in an intimidating kind of way. I imagined myself kissing those red lips, then letting her leave lipstick kiss marks all over my body...but wait, I was supposed to be helping out Sebastian! I shifted slightly in my seat, feeling my wet silk panties starting to slip between my pussy lips, before turning back to the guys.

"There. The girl by the speakers, Sebastian." I nudged him and he looked in her direction. The look on his face when he spotted her was enough: I'd found the right girl for him, all right. He headed off in her direction, and that was the last we saw of either of them that night.

I was feeling pretty buzzed by the time it was supposed to be my round and I asked the guys if they wanted another drink. We decided it was time for some shots and so we got up from the table and headed towards the bar. I was pretty drunk by this point and had a bit of trouble walking. I stumbled along, chatting with Chris as we walked towards the bar when someone bumped into me, nearly knocking me over. I turned around, ready to drunkenly glare at whoever it was that had pushed me, and came face to face with a gorgeous girl. She had a heart-shaped face with delicate features, dark brown eyes, and full, glossy, pink lips. Her long hair was pure, deep black, shining even in the dim light of the club, and was hanging loose. She was wearing a strapless black top and a white mini-skirt that showed off her sexy legs, as well as a pair of black stiletto sandals.

"Ah, sumimasen!! Ano, excuse me" she said, looking up and realizing I was a foreigner. I snapped out of my reverie and stopped checking her out. 

"Dai jobu, dai jobu" I said. "It's ok." I smiled at the girl and our eyes met: a jolt went through me as her deep brown eyes met my blue ones. She smiled back and lightly touched my arm. I got goose bumps all over at her touch.

"Are you sure you are ok? I'm very sorry," she said with her cute accent, looking up at me with concern

"I'm sure. Don't worry about it." I gave her one last smile and then continued with Chris and John towards the bar. I could feel her eyes on me – or was that just my imagination?

"Ready? 1, 2. 3, go!"

We downed another shot of tequila at the bar and each grabbed a lemon wedge, sucking the juice out before turning around to look out over the club again. My eyes were drawn to the girl. She was standing with a group of other girls, laughing and chatting. The other girls were cute, but nowhere near as hot as her. I absently licked my lips as I watched her and felt my nipples harden. I shifted my weight from foot to foot, feeling my wet thong sliding up further between my pussy lips, and pressing against my clit...god, I was so hot!

"Sara, dude, that girl that pushed you is gorgeous!" said John, interrupting my daydreams. "Do you think I should go for her?"

"No way, man, I'm gonna hit on her first" said Chris.

I felt my stomach drop as my two friends discussed how best to hit on my sexy girl. No! I wanted to say. She's mine! But I didn't say anything. I wasn't too sure how Chris and John would react to that little piece of information. I half-listened to them as I watched her and her friends head out on to the dance floor.

"Fuck this tequila, guys. Let's dance!!" I grabbed Chris and John by the arms and dragged them onto the floor. I led us to a spot just to the left of my girl, making sure she'd be able to see me. Once I was satisfied, I started to dance. I'd studied dance for years as a kid and a teenager and I know how to move. The DJ was playing a mix of hip-hop and J-pop with a little reggae thrown in for good measure, and soon one of my favorite songs started up. It was reggae song from a Japanese band and it had a really sexy, slow beat. I worked my hips in a slow figure eight, running my hands down my thighs and then slowly back up, letting my fingertips trace along the sides of my breasts before lifting my arms up in the air. John was dancing behind me and he jokingly pulled me towards him and we started grinding together, laughing. We always danced like this, just for fun. I closed my eyes, feeling my ass pressing up against John as we danced, when I suddenly felt something brush against my tits. I opened my eyes: it was her! She had come over to our group and was dancing with Chris the same way I was dancing with John. Chris had his hands around her waist and was grinding against her ass, but she was staring at me with pure lust in her eyes. She shook her head as she danced and her silky hair brushed against my hard nipples, making me gasp slightly. She danced closer, staring at me. I looked deep into her eyes, licked my lips and bit my bottom lip, unsure of how far I should take things. Did I really want to go this far? 

She reached out and ran her hand down my arm, and my pussy answered that question immediately. Wetness started to glide down my thighs and my clit was hard and tingling. I moved in closer to the sexy girl, until our legs were touching as we danced. I spread my thighs just slightly, giving her enough room to slide one leg in-between mine. We made a nice little sandwich on the dance floor and I looked up in time to see the guys exchanging grins. I smiled at both of them, letting them know this was just a bit of fun, just dancing, but then leaned down to the girl who was so sexily dancing in front of me, pressing her hips against mine and rocking back and forth in time with the music. I reached out to her face and pushed her hair back behind her ear, then leaned in to ask her a question. Her sweet perfume enveloped me as I put my lips next to her ear.

"What's your name? I'm Sara," I said, loud enough so that she could hear me. Then, feeling bold and overcome with lust, I pressed my lips against her skin, right below her ear, before flicking her earlobe with my tongue. I felt her shiver slightly as she moved, pressing her lips to my ear and giving me the same tongue-flick.

"I'm Sayaka. Nice to meet you, Sara," she said, then ran her tongue all over my ear. It was my turn to shiver as she pulled back. We grinned at each other and kept dancing. The guys were oblivious, probably thinking we were just talking about them. The four of us continued dancing for a few more songs. Sayaka and I got bolder and bolder, pressing our pussies against each other's legs and grinding harder, running our fingers through each other's hair and letting fingertips trail over each other's exposed skin.

"Sara, come on. We're gonna get some more drinks!" John was standing beside me now, with Chris, motioning towards the bar. I hadn't even noticed that John had stopped dancing behind me, I was so enthralled with Sayaka.

"Ahh, you guys go ahead. We're gonna keep dancing." I winked at Sayaka and she nodded at the guys. Chris leaned over to me and whispered:

"Yeah, great! Talk me up with her, ok? She's smoking hot...I think I have a shot!"

I giggled as the guys were swallowed up by the crowd on their way to the bar. Left alone, Sayaka and I started seriously dancing. She wrapped her arms around my neck and I in turn slid my hands, damp with excitement, around her tiny waist. Our legs were still entwined, with her thigh in-between mine; I could feel her wetness against my leg. I slowly slid my hands down to cup her tiny, tight ass and she looked at me and licked her lips. I pulled her even tighter to me, caressing her ass as we danced. I couldn't resist any longer: I pressed my lips against hers, urgently, and she returned my passion. One of her hands grabbed my hair and held my mouth to hers as our lips parted. She slid her little tongue into my mouth and I sucked on it, running my tongue over hers, before letting my tongue slide into her mouth. Her lips tasted sweet, from her strawberry lip gloss, and her hot, wet mouth was so sexy. I could have just kissed her all night. We kissed like this for a few moments before she broke away and took a step back. Shit, I thought. What'd I do wrong? I opened my eyes to see that Sayaka was pointing towards the ladies toilets and grinning. I grinned back. She grabbed my hand and led the way through the crowd to the bathroom.

We reached the door and pushed it open, giggling like mad and running our hands over each other's silky skin. We stopped short when we saw there was a line, and tried to keep our hands off each other. Luckily, the line moved quickly and soon we were the only people in the bathroom. As soon as the last girl was out the door, Sayaka dragged me into a stall. I locked the door behind me and we were immediately kissing again, urgently. Sayaka's hands went around to my ass and grabbed it, pulling me tight against her as we kissed. I ran my fingers through her long black hair and down over her back, then over her ass and down her skirt. Feeling nervous, wicked and turned on like hell, I let my fingers slip under the hem of her skirt. My hands slid over her smooth skin, rubbing all over her ass. She was also wearing a thong and so her entire ass was exposed to me; I grabbed, squeezed and caressed her tight ass as we kissed. She moaned into my mouth when she felt my hands on her hot ass, and slid her own hands under my skirt, giving me the same treatment. I couldn't believe my luck. I was making out with the hottest, sexiest Japanese girl I'd ever seen, in the bathroom of a club! A soft moan escaped my lips as Sayaka squeezed my ass and ground her pussy against my thigh.

"Do you like that?" she whispered. "Just wait, I'm gonna make you feel sooooo good, Sara..."

Sayaka began kissing my ear, sucking and biting on my earlobe, and then trailed softly down my neck, kissing and nibbling. She reached the strap of my halter top and soon untied it. She paused to cup my tits through my top, feeling my hard nipples through the thin material. I didn't own a strapless bra, and so I had gone without tonight. It was obvious. Sayaka smiled wickedly at me as she rubbed the hard nubs, twisting and pinching a little on my nipples before pulling my top down further, leaving it bunched around my waist. She turned me around, so that we were perpendicular to the door, and pushed me gently, making me lean against the wall. Keeping her fingers on my nipples, she shoved my thighs apart roughly with her leg and pressed her thigh against my dripping cunt.

"Oh please....Sayaka please suck my tits...Mmmmm please!!" I half-whispered, half-moaned as she teased me. She happily obliged and sucked my left nipple into her hot, wet mouth. I nearly came right there! Her lips were so soft and sensual, her tiny tongue so sexy as she sucked and licked over my nipple. She gently bit down; when I moaned in pleasure she bit a little harder.

"Oh, god yes! Uh... yeah that's it...fuck..." I moaned as she moved over to my other nipple, again biting, sucking and licking. Her fingers twisted and pinched my left nipple as she sucked on the right one, and vice versa. All the while, her thigh was pressed up hard against my pussy, my juices dripping onto her silky skin. I started riding her leg, pressing my clit against her. Suddenly, I felt a vibration against my right hip and my eyes opened in surprise. What was that??

Sayaka let my nipple slip out of her mouth and looked at me. 

"What's that?" she asked.

I took me a second to remember that I had put my cell phone in the waistband of my panties before leaving my purse in a locker, because I didn't want to miss Tomo's call. Tomo! I quickly grabbed the phone and checked the caller ID: it was him. Sayaka giggled as I pulled out the phone.

"Do you mind if I answer? It's my boyfriend," I said. 

"It's ok," she said.

I flipped open the phone.

"Hello?" As soon as the word was out of my mouth, Sayaka's mouth was back on my tits, biting and sucking my nipples. I buried my fingers in her hair and pulled her against me.

"Hi, Sara! Are you at the club?" Tomo's sweet voice filled my ear. I leaned my head back and closed my eyes.

"Uh... yeah, babe I am."

"Are the guys with you?"

"Huh? Oh, yeah...the guys. Yeah, they're here. We're having a great tuh-time!" Sayaka had moved her thigh from between my legs and replaced it with her hand. She rubbed 2 fingers all over my soaked slit, pushing my thong to one side and running fingers over my shaved pussy. She spread the lips, seeking out my clit then rubbing it in slow circles. She kissed my neck and breasts as she fingered me.

"Are you ok, Sara? You sound out of breath."

"Wh-what?" I tried my best to sound normal. "No, I'm fine."

Tomo started telling me about his day. I listened to his voice but then nearly dropped the phone as Sayaka dropped to her knees in front of me and pulled off my panties roughly. She spread my cunt lips and dove in, licking my pussy in long slow licks. I gasped and there was no way to hide it.

"Sara?? Sara, what's up? Are you ok?"

"Oh...oh...I'm just hanging at the club Tomo...with my new friend, Sayakaaaaahhhh..." her named trailed off into a gasp as her lips circled my clit and started sucking. She worked her soft wet lips over my clit, sucking and teasing, as she slid a finger along my pussy lips and then pushed it inside me. I moaned louder, knowing that Tomo knew exactly what was going on. His voice was filled with lust when he spoke again.

"What is she doing to you, Sara? Tell me exactly..."

"OOohhh well we're in the bathroom, babe... sh-she's kneeling in front of me and she's fuh-fingering my cunt...ohhhh yesss baby don't stop!...her mouth is on my hard little clit ..mmmmmm .... Oh god!!" My hips started bucking, pressing into Sayaka's face. I grabbed her hair with my free hand and pulled her mouth closer to my cunt.

"Ohhhh fuck Sara...you are such a bad little girl! Mmmm I can't wait till I get there. I'm on the train right now...but I want to hear her make you cum, baby...don't hang up the phone, ok?"
