 Jane and I, Longjohn, haven't always lived in Britain... so this story... true... was from our other incarnation...

.. It had been a hot day and I'd been helping our neighbour Dave do some landscaping and turf-laying in his front garden... His brother (and his wife) were staying with Dave and his missus. It had been the three of us working on the garden. 

Evening came and the three of us were enjoying a beer and admiring our work. 

Jane came to see what we were up to... 'Why don't you guys have a shower and come over to our place for a few more beers a little later? Johno has a couple of interesting videos you could watch those.'

Well an hour and a half later kids well and truly asleep and over came Dave and his brother. Nibbles were out and the beers were well and truly chilled. After we'd had a beer and were feeling relaxed I put on the first DVD. It had a storyline of sorts but soon got down to action. We three guys were felling quite horny and began making comments and wisecracks to cover up the fact that we found the movie a turn on. 

Jane came in to replenish the nibbles... 'Gee I bet you could do better than that,' Dave commented, 'And I bet you'd look ten times better in some saucy underwear.'

'I do have a bit of a collection,' Jane replied. 'Perhaps I'll model it for you sometime.'

'Chance'd fine thing,' I teased. 

Jane left us to our beers and nibbles and the porno movies and off she went. Quite often she'd leave me chatting to a couple of mates and go off to bed. 

I went off to the loo, using our en-suite bathroom (which did have a bath). It was still quite steamy as Jane had had a long soak. She was dressed in black stockings and suspenders with a pair of lacy knickers and black and white half cup basque I'd bought her for Valentine's day... well I suppose I'd bought it for my benefit really. She was peering into the steamy mirror and applying the dark red lipstick that I really liked.

'You getting ready for bed?' I joked. Thinking I'd better get the guys out soon as I was in for a treat.

'We'll see.' She said with a wicked twinkle in her eye.

I peed washed my hands and went back into the lounge. The DVD now on had some serious gang bang action going on... one of my favourite fantasies which was a white woman being fucked every which way by a group of black guys... I know its wicked of me but I just love the sight of a couple of black cocks sliding in and out of a white pussy and arse... the negative image of that is a great turn on of mine too. 

Lost in the moment I forgot to utter inanities like, 'Gosh its bedtime already!' and ushering Dave and his brother (do you know I've truly forgotten the brother's name) out through the front door. 

A few minutes later Jane came in wearing the black stockings spiky fuck me shoes and a little red dress, I'd also bought for her. She didn't say a word, left the tv going... background imagery I suppose... and put on a CD. Can't remember the music, something rocky with a beat; Janey began to dance and gyrate. 

I was speechless... Dave's comment was, 'Christ my pants are a bit tight now, do you mid if I get my cock out.' /he unzipped and released his hard on, peeling back his foreskin to reveal his glistening bell-end.

Jane just laughed and scratched her fingernails along its underside as she moved seductively about the room to the music.

Dave's brother said, 'Not a word, my wife will have my balls.' This was about all he said for the next couple of hours really.

Janey has always been a great dancer, ballet in her teens I guess, that and moves she' picked up from strip clubs we'd been to together. Janey had also performed a striptease for both me, and my camera, several times before. She began to slowly and suggestively gyrate around the room, removing one or two items such as lace gloves and filmy scarf. She paid scant attention to me, focussing her raw eroticism on our two guests. She played with the zipper and thin straps of her red dress. Soon her dress was on the floor and Jane began to fondle her breasts, her nipples already exposed, the basque she was wearing beneath it being half cupped. Her nipples were long and erect, and lightly rouged. The hook fastenings basque were slowly undone and this too dropped to the floor freeing Jane's large tits which she began to swing about. 

We all had our cocks out by this time.... well to be honest we'd taken the opportunity to strip completely and were stroking our dicks. Jane removed her knickers and we could see her shaved pussy, lips wide, pink and very moist.

I was thinking, 'She'll stop now and send the guys on their way.' 

My dick was thinking, 'Get in there, find a hole and fuck.' ... Can dicks think? Well most women are sure guys think with their dicks.

Dave was s reclined back on one end of the sofa his dick pointing straight up. Jane climbed on top and lowered herself down... 

None of us guys dared say a word otherwise the magic would have been broken. Dave's brother and I watched as Janey slid up and down to the beat of the music. Dave just arched his back pushing himself further inside. After a few minutes he cried out, half in pain, 'Geez I'm coming.' Even in the dimmed light I could see the white pearly liquid begin to run down Janey's thighs. She climbed off and gave a quick suck followed by a cheeky, 'Who's next? Dave's brother mounted her from the rear as she kneeled across a large padded ottoman. I stood in front and slid my cock into her mouth. Soon we were fucking like animals. Dave's brother came deep inside adding to the stream still dripping out of Jane's cunt. I love to be sucked off; I also love to see a well ploughed, furrow full of spunk. I pulled out of her mouth and entered from behind. The stream that erupted gave me an orgasm that was almost painful in it's intensity. Janey's cunt was truly overflowing now. 

We three guys sat back on chairs and sofa as Jane reclined on the ottoman reaching down to grab globules of sticky cum only to massage it into her tits. She then spread herself wide and picking up a vibrator she'd dropped discreetly on the carpet continued her show.

Soon her eyes were rolled back, her smeared lips parted and she was moaning in ecstasy. When she finally looked around she could see that we three were still rampant. 

'Well, you guys just know when you're onto a good thing.'

Whoever designed the ottoman chair, designed it for group fucking. We took it in turns to lay underneath Janey fucking her streaming pussy, before sliding our cum slicked dicks into her arse... which at that time was a rare and wicked pleasure... or to stand in front of her while she sucked us off, her lipstick leaving her mark on each of us in turn like a brand; it felt hot like a brand too, but perhaps that was just the effects of heightened senses.

It was a like a game of French Roulette... except you don't have a revolver chambered with one bullet... you simply have pricks chambered with jizz. The roulette part comes in terms of where you cum... so to speak. 

We shot our loads pretty well synchronised.. just a few seconds apart. I came in Jane's mouth... even now she rarely will take a full load in her mouth... her lipstick a ring around the root of my shaft... I can't remember who was underneath, but Jane soon had another pussy load of cum and an arse well lubed with jizz.

Finally the two guys went home. Jane and I showered and went to bed... I was still hard.. the sensations of the animalistic fucking left me rampant. So there was one final fuck before we fell into an exhausted sleep.

True tale... one, which is still a very pleasant and arousing memory.