 You can't change past events, but you can change your perspective of them. I am a passionate, adventurous woman, characteristics which have led me into some hot sticky situations, some good, and some bad. I used to look back on some of my not so savoury adventures and feel embarrassed, even ashamed. However with the dimension of time to focus my perspective, I now look back and see how the choices I made have created who I am today.

I have found that some people do not wish to acknowledge, let alone know any details about your history. My husband Jeff is not one of those blinkered people. He revels in who I am now, and likes to hear stories of my past escapades. He says it helps him to get to know me better, and besides, it turns him on incredibly. There is definitely something of the voyeur in Jeff, and I enjoy performing for him, in many different ways. Last Sunday morning as the rain lashed against the windows, we lay comfortably in bed and I told him this 'bedtime story', of once upon a time in a faraway land...

I was 20 years old, au-pairing in Madrid for a year. The vibrancy, heat and passion of Spain had lured me to its shores as soon as I had finished my nurse training. While other class mates had taken jobs straight away, I needed to escape the rigid routines and explore life.

There is a blatant sexuality that encompasses Spanish men, something almost animalistic in their assumption that it is expected that they strut and preen, hunt and lure naïve prey into their lairs. And at the tender age of 20, I was still very naïve, a late developer let's say.

Juan had pounced the first time I visited 'La Guitarra' bar in Old Madrid. He laced me with Sangria, sweet talked me in his deep broken English, and won me with his fingers flying over the battered frets of the guitar, the raw power, passion and rhythm of the gypsy Flamenco bringing something alive in me.

Over the next few weeks, we met casually in the meson at the back of the Plaza Major. Nothing was ever planned, but each time I arrived unannounced, he would make room for me to sit nearby while he played. I felt proud and privileged, a witness to the uncensored spontaneous cacophony of guitars, hands, feet and the harsh wailing of the singers, producing a rich beauty, which stirred me beyond words. A pattern to these evenings formed. After a few hours of music and Sangria, he would turn his smoky eyes to me and with a barely decipherable nod, he would pack his guitar, and we would leave to shouts and back slapping from the other players.

He lived nearby, and it wasn't long before we were alone in that dimly lit little apartment, street sounds and smells wafting in through the open windows, hoping to catch a breeze in the hot sticky night.

The passion of the music still pulsed through our bodies, and he would take me rough and deep, his thick dark body moving hard and rhythmic and fast. His male dominance overwhelmed me at times, but bit by bit it tore away my previous naïve toying with making love, and revealed my own passion and power as a hot blooded woman. Through those summer nights I revelled in discovering the power which a woman holds over a man, and also the pleasure a woman can have, succumbing to the power of her lover.

Juan and I were both happy to enjoy these nights together, and didn't want nor attempt to make any more of the relationship. Through the days we went our own separate ways, and when we met, we gave ourselves entirely to the other. I was surprised therefore when one day he phoned me to ask if I would like to come out with a few of his friends to a concert. I had met his friend Paco in La Guitarra a few times, and he was bringing an English girlfriend.

We met in a big popular bar in the centre of town. The place was packed, making conversation impossible. We met Paco and Anne, shouted a few pleasantries at each other then gave ourselves up to the music which was hammering from the stage. It wasn't really up to much; more volume than anything else, so I wasn't disappointed when Juan gestured "Let's get out of here!" We all stumbled out onto the street, ears buzzing, and made our way to a small bar down the road.

Anne and I chatted away, quite a relief for me as I hadn't spoken to anyone in English for a while. She was lively and attractive in a boyish sort of way; slim and lithe with cropped blonde hair, quite the opposite from my rather curvaceous figure and long chestnut hair. We all shared a 'jarra' of sangria, our girlie chatter getting louder and more animated as the sangria seeped in, and the guys seemed content to watch us giggling away.

Around midnight, fairly early in Spanish terms, Juan suggested we head back to his place, he had a smouldering look about him, one that I had come to recognise as nothing less than blatant lust. This acted as a trigger for me; I was suddenly very aroused and desperate to be immersed in his rough sexuality. I realised I had spent the entire evening focusing on Anne and had barely acknowledged him. I leaned over and kissed him with a flush of passion which he had suddenly stirred in me, and I could feel from his hungry response that he was just as ready for me.

This open display of sexuality is actually quite unusual in Madrid. Flirtation is expected but passion is usually reserved for behind closed doors; men don't like to expose their underbelly. The kiss changed the timbre of the evening, all four of us were now aware of a sexual electricity humming in the air. The chatter faded and we drifted in pairs down the busy, dark streets towards Juan's apartment.

The rooms seemed smaller, the heat more intense, the coarse music swamped by the macho banter as Juan and Paco set up some drinks and smokes while Anne and I slipped back into chatter. I was aware of a distinct frisson, I couldn't work out what was going on, but reading fleeting glances shooting across the room I anticipated something happening. In a whisper we were seamlessly transported to the bedroom, Juan laying me on the bed and undressing me, while Paco stood by the door, his body pressed closely to Anne's, his eyes intent on our every movement.

Initially I felt awkward, then suddenly within a breath all inhibitions fell away, replaced by an appetite to taste all that Juan had to offer. Knowing that we were being watched accentuated my hunger. Juan's hands grabbed at my body, I arched and flowed in response, my juices pulsing between the engorged lips of my pussy. I became aware of Paco and now Anne, watching us ever more intently, fascinated and overtly lustful. I felt powerful and inspired, an actress playing to her audience. Taking the lead role I thrust Juan onto his back. Then like a lioness approaching her prey, crawled slowly on all fours towards his thick erect cock. This slow procession gave the other two full view of my glistening pussy nestling between my gyrating buttocks, and from the heavy breathing and rustling of clothes being thrown off I knew I had them drawn into the show.

There is only one way to describe my feelings about the erect penis and fellatio; I adore it. Juan knew this from sweet experience. He lay on the bed almost quivering in anticipation as I moistened my lips and dripped spittle onto his tip. As it snaked its way down his shaft my tongue caught the trail and lapped all the way up to that matrix of sensitive cock tissue joining the shaft to the head. Flicking and kissing, I teased my way all around the throbbing glans while my hand gently encompassed the rod of this shaft. One gentle squeeze and my spit was sweetened by the first drop of pre-cum oozing from his frustrated member. He thrust his hips upwards giving a guttural groan, demanding more. Unable to resist any longer, I took the slippery head between my firm lips and rolled the entire length of his huge cock into my willing mouth, gagging as it filled my throat. He immediately started fucking my oral orifice hard and fast, but I took control again and withdrew from his ramrod cock and took both his balls in my mouth, licking and encircling the globes, eliciting further groans. If intent on pleasuring a man, in my experience, this is the only thing that can be considered more pleasurable at this point, other than allowing him to shoot his load down your throat.

Usually I was oblivious to everything else when giving head, but this time I had become aware that Paco and Anne had joined us on the bed. As I sucked on Juan's cojones, I was able to watch their heated kissing, his hand deep in her cunt and her hand rubbing his taught erection. Paco laid her fine body across the bed as if laying out a map to explore. Firm dark nipples the size of thimbles stuck out from small pearlescent mounds, he cupped these and sucked greedily. Her body was so different from mine, I was accustomed to my full round breasts, but her small, pointed tits were equally sexual and inviting. Anne caught me looking and smiled in a slightly distracted manner as she arched her back up and in one flowing movement brought her pubis up towards Paco's face. With all the enthusiasm of a boy let loose in a sweetie shop, he buried his head between her slender thighs and licked her wet slit like a lollipop.

I had apparently become distracted by my voyeurism, and had neglected my highly aroused partner. Juan was more like a bull in a china shop, and determined now to get what he was after. He motioned me up and turned me round on all fours, facing towards Anne's delightful spread. I felt his hairy stomach against my buttocks as he roughly parted my legs and plunged into my sopping deep cunt. 'Ayee, que conyo tienes!' he gasped through gritted teeth. He often muttered this while we were fucking, it took me a while to understand it, as I had never come across it in my Spanish text book at school. A rough translation could be 'Oh what a glorious cunt you have!'

I have frequently heard the same comment in various languages, positions and volumes throughout my sex life. I can only assume that I do indeed have an especially deep, wet and welcoming vagina, crowned by an apparently luscious, pink, slippery oyster like pussy and huge erect clit once roused. 

Alongside, Paco and Anne were riding each other like bucking broncos, his long prick visible between lunges. The heat grew as the rhythms intensified, and just as I was about to explode, Juan withdrew from me and moved over to Paco. 

In an instant it was clear to me that this was their intention all along, and with that fleeting thought I accepted Paco into my arms, while Juan mounted Anne. 

I was overcome by the difference in their bodies, especially how different Paco's cock felt as it slid slowly at first, into my screaming cunt. To be candid, I have always fantasised about having multiple lovers, preferably rough and unforgiving as they pummel me, an endless variety of cocks, one after the other slipping in and out of each other's cum as it dribbles from my engorged hole.

I was so close to cumming as it was, and this new sensation, so close to my fantasy, tipped me right over the edge, making me writhe and scream as my body flew into an inter-stellar orgasm. Paco was thrown into an animalistic ecstasy with the intensity of my explosion and suddenly pulsed five, six shots of cum deep into me, shuddering at the last. 

In his inimitable style, Juan seemed to want to demonstrate his dominance, and as he finally came, he shot his cum over Anne's belly and tits, so we could all see. All four of us flopped back onto the rumpled bed, Anne and I sandwiched in the middle with sweaty flanks on both sides. As we started to doze, it occurred to me that I had not seen Anne cumming. Concerned that she was ok with the night's adventures, I lifted my hand against her chest to see if she was still awake. My fingers brushed her delicate mound, then felt her erectile tissue harden and the nipple spring to life, a soft moan escaping her sleepy shadow...