 I have republished this with the correct title.

I seem to have lost it and my next chapter will be along soonish.

**********************************************************

Christine called on me again.

I knew she had something in mind but we chatted for a while. I said to her. "Come on Christine you obviously want to talk about something, and I guess it has to do with sex."

She responded. "Well, you know the hypnosis thing," I nodded. "It went well but everybody says it wasn't enough. Only one couple screwed."

I said." "We ran out of time or more might have happened."

Christine was very excited. "I've spoken to everybody and they all want more."

I said to her." There was one couple that were very reserved; especially the man and I don't think he would be up for more."

"Oh, you mean Mustafa and Saleen, they said that though they hadn't wanted to do more as the first subjects they would like to experience some fun."

She continued. "Can you think of a way to get things going that aren't silly strip games or cards etc."

I Said. "I don't know offhand but Allan and I will try to think of something significant and let you know."

Thanking me she made her exit and left.

When Allan got home I explained about her visit and he thought about it for a while. After dinner and washing up he said. "I've been thinking about this and, as I understand it, she wants real sex between mismatched couples. But you do need an icebreaker and that kind of thing on the internet is fairly naff. I have an idea but it might not work."

I asked what he meant.

He said. "You know the porn sites where you click on the thumbnail and the woman strips some or all of her clothes." I nodded. "Well there are varying degrees of that up to and including sex. My thought is that we could select a series of them and put the thumbnails in a series of pages. One of the women will choose a picture and whatever the woman does in the series so will she."

I said. "That sounds OK but where is the sex?" Allan piped up. "Well, that would be the opener and we would have one that involved a man stripping and having a hard cock. When all the women had done this and re-dressed there would be more rounds, each page doing more. The roulette part would be that they were all clothed in the initial picture. But there would be no real clue as to what would happen."

We spent many hours finding just the right links and created four web pages on the computer. Having tested it out a few times we were convinced the links would work properly every time.

I called Christine and told her we had something so go ahead and arrange the party.

On Saturday we all met up. There were drinks and nibbles for us so we could get a little relaxed.

We had arrived early and Allan had connected our gear to the Wi-Fi and HDMI to the 50 inch TV on Christine's wall.

The only thing showing was a screen saver. There were many questions about what was happening and eventually I asked Allan to explain.

He told them. "I have come up with a game called Porn Roulette. We will shortly be showing page one of a series of pages that have pictures of dressed women on them. All the pictures on the pages have links to the full set of pictures of the woman who will strip some or all of her clothes."

"The first page will have links to reasonably mild sets where the ultimate would be stripping completely naked, but there is one 'live round' that would require a man to strip and do whatever is depicted. As there are only six women to play there might not be more to do as there are twelve pics to each page."

"The husband of the woman choosing the original pic will nominate one of the other men to interact should it prove necessary."

Allan continued." The other pages will build on the first one in what happens but whoever clicks on the link, and the nominated man will do whatever is depicted in the pictures shown."

Allan went on. "There have to be some rules unfortunately and the first is that condoms must be used in penetrative sex, you will not be with your own wife."

The second is that NO, means NO. If the person who is with you will not do whatever is depicted then they do not have to, but they will have to leave. This is not a spectator evening."

"Rule three is that, whatever happens here stays here. No recriminations. You have to agree to the rules or we can't start"

There was quite a bit of low level chatter between the couples and eventually all agreed. Good job or I wouldn't be writing this.

I asked Saleen and Mustafa if they were really sure as Mustafa had been reluctant even for his wife to get naked let alone really swing. Mustafa said. "We talked a lot about this and decided we would go for it."

I said. "We need to get started. Just so we can be sure Saleen, how about you choose first? You will get the best chance to choose an innocuous reveal."

Mustafa said. "I will choose Allan as the man to be involved if she is unlucky." There was some protest but it was decided that it was fair as neither Allan nor I could choose the pics as we had made the game.

Saleen was lucky, or not, as the link showed the woman stripping her blouse and revealing one breast but no more. She performed the action and posed for a while as in the most revealing picture, then re-dressed. This was necessary to allow the game to start from that state for every choice.

Mustafa said. "I have to admit that was exciting but I am also relieved that the first one wasn't the worst, or best, possible outcome."

I asked Christine to go next and again Frank nominated Allan. We agreed a rule that once a man had interacted they could not be chosen immediately again. Christine clicked on her chosen picture and it opened a page where she would have to be completely nude and even show off her pussy and arse.

Christine proceeded to get naked and posed in the revealing positions. There was a lot of noise about how the women would be showing loads soon and the others couldn't wait to see what was next.

Bill piped up. "I want Sharon to go next and I nominate Peter. "Everyone agreed and she clicked a link which opened a page that just had her strip. No more, so she did that and posed naked then re-dressed. Bill admitted. "I had hoped it would have been the one with the man in it so I am disappointed."

Rula stepped up and her husband Peter selected Mustafa as the man to interact should it be necessary, she clicked on a very restrained looking woman. The pics loaded slowly and in the third a man popped up only to be undressed by the woman and sucked to ejaculation on her face, she didn't strip at all. Peter said. "I thought the woman stripping was involved and Mustafa is going to come on Rula. It hardly seems fair." Others reminded him of what Allan had explained and he was placated. Saleen seemed a bit put out but kept silent. 

Rula stepped up to Mustafa and proceeded to undress him, kneeling to undo his trousers and put into the position to fellate him as in the picture. As the trousers went down they revealed what looked to be quite a large cock inside his boxers and Rula was a little taken aback. She got his feet out of the trouser legs and reached up to stroke him through the boxers. Peter said. "That wasn't shown in the pictures, just get it over with.

Rula seemed to be very upset by this and continued until Mustafa was rock hard. She then slid his boxers off revealing a dark brown nine inch cock that she could hardly wrap her hand round. She said to Saleen. "You're a lucky one having this all to yourself. I'm going to enjoy playing with it."

She was no sooner finished talking than she stroked him hard and quickly and one or two reminded her she was supposed to suck him off before he pulled out and came on her face. She complied and was getting very into it taking him almost all the way in her throat when he said, stiffly. "Time for me to come," Which he did, drenching Rula's face in a load of come. 

Action over, she used a towel to clean herself up but not before Peter took pictures. A number of people asked about pictures and the decision was made that you had to ask first. As Peter was her husband it was deemed that the pic was OK if Rula didn't object. She loved the idea so it was left.

Karen was next and looked cocky because the live round had gone off. Simon, her husband, nominated Bill again so they took their places. Karen said. "I guess I will have to get naked." She clicked on the link of a teenager in a dress. Her smug look disappeared quickly as the teen striped very quickly and was shown using a rabbit to make herself come. Orgasm was obvious in the photo.

She objected. "Nobody said anything about this in this round. "Her husband Simon said. "It was implied but why not just do it and stop worrying? Much more is likely to happen at the next level!"

Karen stripped off and took the rabbit off the props table and, quite self-consciously, started to masturbate with it, soon becoming aroused and then losing track of others and coming like a steam train.

There was a round of applause and as she came down from an intense orgasm she shyly smiled and thanked everyone. She said. "I really didn't think I could get off in front of a crowd but it was intense."

Last up was Becky, her husband, Roger nominated Allan once more. Becky said. "This pic is almost slutty, maybe it's a bluff." Clicking on it she found she had only to strip to her underwear. "I guessed right." She said and stripped quickly giving a twirl to show off.

At this point we took a short break for drinks and comfort breaks and then Allan said. "Round two will include interaction on every link. One is mild and one quite raunchy. Let's choose a victim for the first one." Everyone said why not go in the same order and Saleen protested a little then said. "I have the best odds of not having too much to do so why not?" 

On the grounds that slutty had worked in Becky's favour she picked the most revealing outfit and clicked on the link. The pictures showed the woman stripping and then stripping the man who proceeded to fuck her, obviously coming in her pussy and leaving come oozing from her.

She said. "We can't do that as condoms have to be used." It was agreed that the action would still be done and Peter, the chosen man, took his place with her. Saleen, to her credit, stripped with alacrity and then stripped Peter who was already hard. Mustafa had a grim face but said nothing as Saleen put a condom on the erect member and pulled him towards her.

She put his cock at the entrance to what was obviously a wet pussy and they fucked with great energy, Saleen coming twice and then Peter driving hard into her in an intense orgasm. This time there was cheering as well as applause and after pulling out they both bowed. Mustafa seemed to have improved his demeanour and went and kissed his wife.

After they dressed, the next victim stood up. Christine looked excited while Frank had a look of apprehension. It had obviously dawned on him that much could happen now.

She picked a conservatively dressed lady in her fifties to click on and, as the pics revealed, she saw the woman was accompanied by another woman who, after them both stripping, engaged with her in a full lesbian scenario. Frank looked pleased but Christine said. "I have never done this and who should the woman be?" Frank piped up, "Why not Jean?" and I agreed with the idea, so it was. 

I whispered to her, "just follow my lead and do what you would like done to you." I started to undress her, caressing her through the clothes and then on her revealed flesh as we went. It became obvious that she was very excited as her skin flushed and he nipples rose and then she started to do the same for me.

Eventually we were naked and getting in to it. I went down on her and she had a screaming bucking orgasm, much to the delight of the audience, and then she followed suit on me and I just enjoyed every moment of it. 

Saleen said, "I would like to try that," and so I invited her in. She got so into it that she was off and running in about thirty seconds than others joined in too. First Rula, then Becky and finally Sharon were involved.

The men were all sporting hard cocks and many had stripped off. Pretty soon there was a free for all and I lost track of who did what to whom. The evening was just one big orgy with loads of come, anal, straight sex, lesbian sex and even some experimental man on man. At one time both strap-ons were in use one by Becky on Karen and the other used on Mustafa by Saleen. 

Eventually most people had had all they could do so the evening wound down with showers for all. We all got dressed and after a short while thank-yous and intentions to do something else were said and it broke up.

Christine and Frank were very pleased and thanked us for all the work we had put in. 

The evening had developed far more quickly than Allan and I had expected but the outcome was all we could have hoped for. As we went home we discussed ideas for more if we should be asked. Allan suggested that we might use bigger premises to do a bigger party...