 Please give me the support of your vote.

*

After Linda has group sex with his three friends, Walter has group sex with Linda's relatives.

"Hello? Who's there? Walter? Is that you? It had better be you with me tied to the bed blindfolded and naked. God damn it Walter, answer me," said Linda with a sexy laugh. Then, no doubt, surprising the shit out of his three friends, she let the cat out of the bag. "I know it's not Walter but his three friends. Let me guess. Wait. Don't tell me. Jim? Henry? And Tom? Right? Am I right?"

Jim, Henry, and Tom looked at one another stunned before Jim answered her.

"Yes, you're right," said Jim. "How do you know? How did she know? She's blindfolded," whispered Jim to Henry and Tom.

Henry nudged Jim in the ribs with his elbow but what else was he supposed to do but to answer her question? Jim shrugged his innocence to his two friends.

"Hello boys," she said purring as if she was the Madam of a Cathouse and welcoming three customers for some sexy, group sex fun.

If only Walter knew that Linda knew what he was up to in enlisting his three friends to give her hot sex, he figured she'd be angry with him. Yet, with Linda having had such a good sexual time the last time he invited his three friends over for some sexy, group sex fun and in the way she nagged him about taking her somewhere and doing something with her, he figured she was wouldn't be angry with him at all but was just itching to get laid. He figured she knew she was being sexually serviced by three of his friends and not by him. Seriously, how could she not know she was sucking and fucking three cocks instead of only one?

"Hi Linda," said the three men nearly in unison.

With Linda naked and her arms and legs spread out in the shape of a star, the three men walked in Walter's bedroom naked.

"Someone do me a favor and remove this God damn blindfold so that I can see as much of you guys are seeing of me," said Linda. "Being bound and blindfolded once is enough for me, especially while waiting for you men to stop gabbing like women downstairs and make your appearance upstairs. I thought you'd guys would never stop talking. You're worse than women," she said laughing.

Henry stepped to the bed leaned to remove the blindfold from Linda's eyes.

"Sorry Linda but Walter told us not to talk," said Henry in a whisper now more for Walter's sake instead of Linda's sake. "Walter told us to give you hot sex one at a time. Walter told us not to kiss you," he said as if going down the list of things not to do. "He said if we talked, if we didn't give you sex one at a time, and if we kissed you that you'd know it wasn't him giving you sex," said Henry.

"Do you always do what Walter tells you to do?"

She made at face at Henry while sighing and rolling her pretty, brown eyes.

"In this case, for a chance to have sex with you, yes," said Henry with a laugh. "We just didn't want to ruin things by you knowing that it wasn't Walter giving you hot sex but three of his friends."

Linda rolled her eyes again.

"Duh, Henry? After living with the man for twenty years, I'd have to be an oblivious idiot not to know my husband's touch and smell. With all of you fucking me before ejaculating in my mouth, I'd have to be drunk not to know that I was having sex with three men instead of one. Now will someone please untie me? I'd like to feel cocks in my hands as well as in my mouth and in my pussy. Besides, I'm getting rope burns," said Linda.

Tom untied her wrists while Jim untied her ankles.

"So, tell me," said Linda closing her legs to strike more of a ladylike pose as if she was a movie star, albeit a naked movie star. "Now that you've all seen me naked for a second time, what do you think of my body?"

The three men stared at her as if she was a seven course meal and they hadn't eaten in three days.

"You have an unbelievable body Linda," said Henry.

Henry stared at Linda while she smiled at him.

"Thank you, Henry," she said blushing.

Not moving away, Henry still stood there staring at Linda's naked body while Jim joined him in staring at her naked body too.

"I wish my wife had your body," said Jim. "If Debbie had your body, maybe she wouldn't undress in the bathroom and dress in the dark if she looked as good as you look naked."

Jim stared at her as if she was the first woman he's seen naked in a very long time and with his wife so modest around him, no doubt she was.

"Thank you, Jim," she said gushing.

Jim stood beside Henry staring at her as if they were audience members in a live, performance striptease show in Tijuana, Mexico.

"You're an absolute Goddess, Linda," said Tom joining his two friends in standing by the side of the bed to stare at her nakedness.

Linda smiled at Tom staring at her.

"A Goddess? Oh, my. I rather like that," said Linda. "That's quite the compliment. Thank you Tom."

Linda smiled at the three men standing shoulder to shoulder naked while they all continued staring at her.

"Well, being that everything now is out in the open, the naked truth, so to speak and with you no longer blindfolded and with no secrets between us," said Henry looking down at his exposed prick. "Is there anything you'd like us to do differently that we didn't do before?"

She gave them all a sexy look before giving them a naughty smile

"Well actually Henry, now that you mention it, there are a couple of things that I'd like you men to do for me. Besides wanting the three of you to have sex with me all at the same time, do you know the one thing that drove me crazy that none of you did the last time we were all together?"

She looked from each man while they still stared at her.

"I have no idea. After all we sexually did with you, doing more sexual things with you than I've done with my wife in ten years, I can't even imagine," said Henry with a sad laugh.

She looked from Henry to Jim.

"Other than anal sex, I don't have a clue either Linda. Sorry," said Jim.

Linda made a sour face.

"I don't do anal," she said.

Linda looked from Jim to Tom.

"Tell us. What's is it that we didn't do?" Tom sat on the bed next to Linda. "What drove you crazy?"

She gave the three men her sexiest and most beguiling smile.

"The one thing that drove me crazy was that no one kissed me. When the three of you avoided my lips, I suspected that Walter asked you not to kiss me but I so wanted to be kissed when we were making love," said Linda. "I loved French kissing when I have a cock buried in my pussy. Which brings me to the other thing. Instead of making love to me before fucking me, you all just fucked me as if I was a dog in heat. I want to make love with you. I need to make love with the three of you."

"Sorry Linda but Walter told us more than once not to make love to you for fear that one of us might fall in love with you or you may fall in love with one of us," said Henry.

Seemingly her trademark expression, Linda sighed and rolled her eyes again.

"After being married for twenty years, I can assure you that it will take more than a roll in the hay for me to fall in love with any man for the second time. Unless one of you has several million dollars in a secret Swiss account, in a private bank Cayman Islands, or in a safety deposit box in Bimini, the next time I fall in love it will be for money," she said laughing.

She held up her ring finger as if she had a big diamond ring on her hand instead of the modest ½ carat ring that Walter bought her when they were first married.

"If I had any money Linda, I'd be romancing you instead of just having sex with you," said Henry with stars in his eyes.

Linda looked at Henry and smiled.

"Thank you sweetie. Now getting back to want I want, after you all make love to me, I want you three to fuck me. I want the three of you to pound my pussy hard enough to make me cum," she said.

Tom leaned down and kissed her. He French kissed her. Then, Jim sat on the bed and kissed her, French kissed her. Finally Henry moved closer to her to give her a big, long, wet, passionate kiss.

"Wow Henry. That was quite the kiss. Now step back so that I can see what I didn't see the last time we were together. I want to see your cocks," said Linda. "Show me your pricks. Hold them up for me to see them."

As if they were all butchers in a meat market, the three men obeyed her by stepping back and holding up their cocks for her to see.

"How's that?"

With Tom having the biggest cock he smiled with pride.

"That's good," she said. "Now stroke them to make them harder. Nice pricks. You all have above average cocks but I'd like to see them when they're fully aroused."

The three men stepped closer to bed for her to see their cocks while they stroked themselves.

"I'm glad we finally get to kiss you, Linda. I've been dying to kiss you," said Henry. "You're such a pretty woman and I've always wondered what it would be like to make out with you while making love to you."

Linda gave the three men her sexiest look again.

"That's what I want too. I've been dreaming about making out with you three men," said Linda. "I want you, Jim, you, Henry, and you, Tom to make love to me before you fuck me. As if you love me, I want to feel that you're all really in love me" she said wrapping her arms around herself to hug herself while no doubt swooning at the thought of the three men making over to her as if they loved her. "As if we're on our Honeymoon, I want you three men to kiss and kiss me while making love to me."

The first to respond, Henry looked at her with sexual excitement.

"I can do that," said Henry.

Seemingly not to be overshadowed by Henry, Jim voiced his interest to make love to her as if he really loved her too.

"Me too," said Jim. "I can definitely make love to you as if I love you. You're an easy woman to love. What's not to love about someone who looks like you?"

Linda smiled at Jim.

"Thank you Jim."

Then, she turned her focus to Tom. With making love as much a cerebral thing as it was a physical thing, obviously Linda needed to her three lovers to verbalize their sexual desire for her.

"Something that was missing from our first time together, that would be exciting to kiss you and make love to you as if I love you," said Tom.

She looked from one man to the next.

"With one man licking my pussy, another man sucking my tits, I want a third man to kiss me. Then, switching off as soon as I cum, I want to feel six hands and three mouths on my naked body at all times. Then, one at a time, you can make love to me. Finally, after we've made love, one at a time, you can fuck me and pound my pussy really hard until I cum with your cock in the way that I hope I cum with your fingers and tongue," said Linda.

"I can't wait to make love to you, Linda," said Henry.

"Me too," said Jim.

"The pleasure is all mine but I'll be sure to make it your pleasure too," said Tom with a dirty laugh.

"If you guys give me the orgasms that you gave me the last time we were all together, I'll give you the best damn blowjobs you've ever had in your lives, even better than the last time. Now that I know who you all are, I won't disappoint you."

She smiled at them as if she was a stripper in a VIP room agreeing to a gangbang.

"Oh, God," said Jim. "I can't wait to make you cum Linda."

Linda looked him in the eyes to give him a sexy smile.

"Me too," said Henry. "I promise to give you the best orgasm I've given to any woman."

Linda gave Henry a sexy smile too.

"Don't worry about me getting you off Linda, especially when the prize is the best damn blowjob," said Tom with a laugh.

As if a light suddenly turned on to illuminate the room, she looked at the three men with new insight. 

"Is that what you all want? You want me to suck you? Tell me. Is that the one sexual thing that all of you really want? C'mon, be honest. Tell me. I'd really like to know," she said seductively teasing the three men. "Do you all want to cum in my mouth while watching me swallow your cum?" Linda looked at the three men standing there naked while slowly stroking their pricks. 

Henry looked from Linda to look to Jim and Tom while Jim and Tom looked at one another.

"Yes," said the three men in unison as if instructed by their teacher to speak.

Linda gave them all her sexiest smile again.

"If you sexually take care of me, I promise to sexually take care of you."

* * * * *

Walter watched Tiffany standing in her kitchen naked while washing her floor. Mesmerized by watching her big boobs sway back and forth and nearly hypnotized by the slow pendulum like movement of her tits, he heard something he never expected to hear. He heard laughter coming from upstairs. He heard voices. Not thinking anything of it, thinking that the laughter and voices were Linda's but they weren't. He heard Jim's voice and Jim laughing. He heard Tom's voice and Tom Laughing. He heard Henry's voice and Henry laughing.

"You've got to be kidding me. God damn it! I told them not to talk," said Walter out loud.

Walter got up from his chair, pulled up his panties, and zipped, buttoned, and buckled his pants. Taking one last, long look of Tiffany's beautiful, black, naked body, he abandoned the love of his life to check on his wife. Climbing the stairs and once reaching the landing, he saw Jim, Henry, Tom, and Linda talking and laughing while having a good sexual time. Standing at his doorway in shock, he walked in his bedroom angry that his friends couldn't keep their promises.

"What the fuck?"

Flopping himself in the chair positioned in the far, darkened corner of his bedroom, the chair furthest from the bed, he stared at his wife before staring at his three friends. Now that her having sex with his three friends was out in the open, he felt compelled to unburden himself by telling his wife his cross dressing secret. Tired of keeping his secret anyway, after his friends leave and after he sleeps on it, he'll tell her that he's a cross dresser tomorrow. A huge load off his mind, maybe tomorrow, he'll dress as Wendy, his alter ego and show his wife what he looks like dressed as a woman. It excited him to have his wife see him dressed as a woman. Maybe she could give him some hair and makeup tips.

"Don't act so surprised Walter," said Linda. "Especially when you're the one who arranged all of this for me. Thank you," she said with a warm smile. "Just as I had a wonderful time with Jim, Henry, and Tom last month, I hope to have a wonderful time again with them tonight."

As if a bad dream but destined for this to happen, Walter couldn't believe the reality of his situation. His wife now knows that he set her up to have sex with his friends. Yet, his cloud has a silver lining. Perhaps now Linda will agree to have swinging sex with other couples and men. Perhaps now that she's openly having sex with his friends, she'll agree to have sex with Bill so that he can have sex with Tiffany.

"Don't mind me," said Walter. "I'll just sit here quietly and watch," he said while imagining Tiffany on his bed naked with him instead of his wife with his three friends.

Walter sat in the darkened corner of his bedroom watching his friend, Tom, making out with his wife Linda. Just watching Tom French kiss his wife gave him an erection. He watched his friend, Jim, having his wicked, sexual way with Linda's B cup breasts. Feeling them and fondling them, he fingered her nipple with one hand while sucking her other nipple. Then switching off, he made sure that he paid attention to both of her tits and both of her nipples.

Meanwhile, Henry was positioned between Linda's legs fingering her pussy while licking her pussy. Henry looked as if he was enjoying eating Linda's pussy more than he should. Really getting into eating his wife's cunt, he was making loud slurping noise that Linda seemed to enjoy. Henry was quite the pussy licker.

As soon as Linda had an orgasm from Henry licking her and fingering her, it was Jim's turn to finger and lick Linda's pussy while Henry kissed her and Tom fondled her tits and fingered and sucked her nipples. Then, as soon as Jim gave Linda an orgasm with his fingers and tongue, it was Tom's turn to eat Linda's pussy. Switching off with Jim kissing Linda and Henry having his wicked, sexual way with Linda's tits, Tom ate Linda's pussy.

All the while with three men swarming over Linda, Walter watched Jim, Henry, and Tom take their turn with his wife. Watching the men kissing her, French kissing her, he watched them feel and fondle her tits while fingering her nipples before sucking her nipples. Then, one by one the three men fingered and licked her pussy until she had three loud orgasms. One by one, the three men gave his wife oral orgasms in the way they all did the last time they were with her.

Then, one by one they mounted her and instead of fucking her, they made love to her. Walter couldn't believe his eyes. Against what he specifically told them not to do, his three friends made love to his wife as if they loved her. Then, one by one, after making love to her, they fucked her. They pounded her pussy hard and they pounded her pussy fast. With her cumming each time with Henry, Jim, and Tom, she received the fucking of her life. Linda had sex orgasms.

Then, as promised, one by one, she sucked their cocks. She blew them as if she was a ten thousand dollar, call girl. She gave them the best blowjobs she could. She gave them better blowjobs than she's ever given Walter. She sucked their cocks until each of them ejaculated their cum in her mouth and then sucking them dry and licking them clean, she went from Jim to Henry and to Tom. Finally exhausted, they all collapsed on Walter's bed. Unable to focus, while Linda was having sex with Jim, Henry, and Tom, Walter couldn't help himself from thinking about having sex with Tiffany. He couldn't believe he saw her naked. He couldn't believe she's there with her kitchen light on and her kitchen curtains open while cleaning her kitchen in the nude. Tempted to return to his easy chair to watch Tiffany cleaning her kitchen without her clothes, he needed to stay to watch his wife with his three friends. Now, that she's already had group sex with his friends, hopefully he'll be able to discuss her having swinging sex with others.

Nonetheless the sexually excitement of watching his wife having gangbang sex with three men, Tiffany, Tiffany, Tiffany, he couldn't stop thinking about Tiffany's naked body. He'd love to sexually experience Tiffany in the way that Jim, Henry, and Tom were sexually experiencing his wife. He'd love to feel and fondle Tiffany's big tits while fingering her hard nipples before licking her brown areolas and sucking on her erect, black nipples. In the way that Henry so vocally ate Linda's pussy, he'd love to fall between Tiffany's shapely, black thighs to finger her pussy while licking her pussy.

He'd give anything to have sex with Tiffany in the way that his three friends just had hot sex with his wife now. He'd love to make love to Tiffany as if he loved her and most certainly he did. Then, after making love to her, he'd love to pound her pussy. He'd love to fuck Tiffany hard enough for her to cum. He'd love for Tiffany to suck his cock in the way that Linda just sucked Jim's, Henry's, and Tom's cock. If unable to make her his wife, he'd love to make Tiffany his lover.

* * * * *

Later that night after his three friends left and he was in the shower, Linda called her sister.

"I'm serious Kathy," said Linda to her sister. "It really works. If you bitch at your husband about taking you places and doing things with you, instead of taking you dancing, he'll call in the reserves to give you hot sex," she said. "You know, now that I think of it, I'd like to return the favor to Walter," she said with a long pause. "Are you interested?"
