 The warm summer breeze washed over their bodies as Jenna, Meg and Wendy stretched out in the comfortable lounge chairs on the deck of the log house overlooking the lake. All wore only their bikini bottoms, the rays of the late afternoon sun caressing their bare flesh as they relaxed and sipped their wine. The day had been a perfect start to their girl's getaway and it had been so nice of their friend Joan to have lent them her lake house for the weekend. They had spent the afternoon, swimming, suntanning and just chatting, catching up on what had been going on in their busy lives.

Jenna looked at her two friends and thought how very different they were. At 31 Wendy was a 5'3" blond bundle of energy. She had a toned athletic body with small breasts, tight ass and great legs. Wendy worked as a personal trainer and had a fun outgoing personality that was definitely suited to her job.

Meg was three years older, tall with a curvy body and dark hair. She loved to wear clothes that showed off her big natural tits. Although usually quieter than Wendy, Jenna knew that Meg had quite a reputation with men and had bragged about how her oral skills were irresistible.

Jenna looked at both of them, thinking what sexual creatures they are. Her mind began to drift and she was startled when she heard Meg say, "I guess we should shower and do some dinner ladies."

The three got up and went into the big house, heading for their bedrooms to shower and change for the evening. Since it was just the three of them, no one bothered to close the doors to their bedroom doors. As Jenna shed the little strip of material she had been wearing, she glanced across the hallway and saw Meg standing naked in the middle of her bedroom, checking herself out in the mirror. 

"Her breasts are huge," thought Jenna, "with such pretty light pink nipples."

Jenna's eyes moved down Meg's body, seeing the curvy hips and the dark 'landing strip' between her legs. As her eyes moved back up, she saw Meg was looking at her and smiling. She said nothing, but just turned and headed towards the ensuite bathroom.

Jenna wrapped a towel around herself and padded down the hallway to the main bathroom. Not thinking, she just walked in, surprising Wendy who was naked and in the middle of shaving her pussy. 

"Oh my god! I am so sorry!" Jenna blurted. 

Wendy burst out laughing, "Not a problem Jen, you've seen me naked lots of times before, I'll just be a minute."

Jenna went back to her bedroom and waited for Wendy to finish in the bathroom. As she did, she saw Meg come out of her room wearing a long white summer dress. Meg smiled and winked at Jenna as she headed down the hall towards stairs and the great room below. 

A couple of minutes later, Wendy poked her head into Jenna's room and said, "All done."

Jenna smiled as she saw that Wendy was buck naked as she headed to her room. Jenna quickly went to the bathroom and turned on the shower, letting the hot water cascade over her body. As she showered, she thought to herself that she was wishing that they had invited some of the guys along as for some reason she was feeling really horny tonight.

Jenna came downstairs and joined the other two who had started preparing dinner. After a delicious meal of fish and salad, the three of them sat in the great room and sipped more of the great Chardonnay that Meg had brought. They chatted and laughed and joked, catching up on what each of them had been doing, just enjoying each others company. 

It was about 10:00 PM when they were surprised to see headlights coming up the lane towards the house. When they looked out, they saw that it was Brad, Wendy's husband.

"What the hell is he doing here?" blurted Wendy.

They met him on the porch and learned that he had come home early from his business trip and had forgotten to take a house key with him and couldn't get into their home. He knew that they were up at the lake, so he decided to drive up and get Wendy's key. 

"You look bushed, hon." Wendy said.

"Yeah," replied Brad, "It's been a long day and now it is a long drive back home."

"Why don't you just crash here and drive home in the morning?"

"Hey, I don't want to impose on your girl's weekend."

"No, no problem at all, there is a spare bedroom just down the hall from the kitchen that you can use, that way I won't wake you when I come to bed and we'll just be down here enjoying our wine."

Jenna and Meg both agreed and after a few minutes, Brad headed off to turn in.

"Brad looks like he has been bulking up a bit." commented Meg.

"Yes," answered Wendy, "He's been into the weights more lately. Trying to keep up with me!"

The three all laughed and Meg topped up their glasses of wine. They chatted and joked, and as the evening wore on the talk got more and more risqué. Meg was the most candid, talking about her sexual experiences. 

The evening passed and at about 12:30 Jenna told the other two that she was tired and she too headed off to bed. Once upstairs, she changed into her pink baby doll nightie and climbed into bed. For some reason, although she was tired, she just couldn't get to sleep and lay tossing and turning in the bed for quite awhile. 

It must have been half an hour later when Jenna heard something that sounded like moaning coming from somewhere in the house. She got out of bed and quietly walked to the door, and peeked out. She couldn't see anything, but heard the sounds again and they were coming from the great room downstairs. 

Being careful to not make any sound, she moved to the rail in the open loft area overlooking the great room. Her eyes widened at what she saw in the low light of the room below. Meg was naked, lying back on the big sofa and Wendy, wearing only panties was on her knees between Meg's legs, licking Meg's pussy. 

Jenna couldn't believe what she was seeing. It was Meg that was moaning, her one hand on Wendy's head and the other on her own breast pinching one of her nipples. It was something new as had her two friends ever got it on together before, Meg definitely would have told her. She watched, mesmerized by the sight below. It was hot watching her two friends making out like this and as she watched her hand instinctively slipped into the front of her panties and her fingers found her already wet slit. 

All of a sudden there was movement over towards the kitchen and Jenna saw Brad standing in the shadows watching his wife licking her friend's pussy.

"This could be interesting." thought Jenna.

Meg moaned loudly again and her hips raised and her as Wendy had obviously brought her to the edge.

Just then, Brad stepped out of the shadows and said, "Well, well, what do we have here?"

Wendy lifted her head and looked at Brad, smiled and replied, "Just us girls having a bit of fun!"

Meg turned her head, smiling and said, "Maybe you should join in!"

With that, Brad who was wearing just his jeans and no shirt, quickly stripped off his jeans and moved towards the two women, his hard cock bobbing free. 

Jenna's fingers were deep in her pussy as she watched the scene below. It was like watching a live porn movie. She couldn't take her eyes off her three friends and the anticipation of what was going to happen was making her tremble with excitement.

Brad moved close, and as he did, Meg reached out and took his cock in her hand, her fingertips stroking up and down his shaft. As she did, Wendy smiled and said, "Maybe Brad would like to see that talent you are always bragging about Meg!"

Meg moved around and her lips engulfed the head of Brad's cock, her tongue swirling over his flesh. Wendy moved up beside her, one hand caressing Meg's back and the other stroking her husband's leg, letting the two of them know that she was ok with her friend sucking her husband's cock.

Meg's fingertips slid to Brad's balls, teasing them with her long nails as her lips slid down his shaft. She moaned around his flesh as his cock disappeared into her talented mouth and her lips were down to the base. Slowly she pulled back, her tongue playing as her lips moved back up his shaft. 

Brad smiled, not believing that his wife was there, encouraging her friend to deep throat his cock. He groaned as Meg once again slid her lips down his shaft. As she did Wendy moved closer, playing with Meg's nipples as her friend deep throated her husband. The three of them totally into this menage a trios.

Upstairs Jenna's eyes were fixed on the three, her pussy sopping wet as her fingers played, her other hand moving up under her nighty and punching a taut sensitive nipple. She let out a soft whimper of pleasure, hoping that no one downstairs heard her.

Brad pulled his cock from Meg's mouth, and guided the two women into a different position. "Lick her again!" he told his wife. 

Wendy smiled and again brought her lips to Meg's hot wet pussy. Brad moved in behind her, sliding her thong aside and entering her from behind. He grasp her hips and began fucking his wife as her tongue flicked against Meg's clit. Megs hands went to her big tits, squeezing them and rolling her nipples as Brad watched her. Meg's eyes met Brad's and she mouthed, "I want you to fuck me!"

Jenna could hardly control herself, the scene below so making her so very hot. Her pussy was dripping wet, her body flushed, her breathing quickening as she watched and teased herself.

Below the three had switched places and Brad's cock was now deep in Meg's pussy, her legs spread wide as he rammed into her, his cock like a piston. Wendy was behind him, stroking his back and kissing his shoulder as he fucked her friend on the couch. She slid one hand down between his legs, finding and massaging his heavy sac. 

Meg was thrashing about on the couch her hips rising to meet Brad's hard thrusts. She felt his hands on her big breasts, squeezing them hard as he pumped her. Cries of pleasure escaped her lips as the wave of pleasure broke over her. 

"Fuck her hard baby!" Wendy exclaimed as she urged her husband on.

Upstairs, Jenna began to quiver as she too was overtaken by an orgasm. Little whimpers of pleasure escaped her lips as her fingers did their magic, her fixed on the three below.

Brad head was back and loud growls of pleasure escaped his lips and he cried out "Oh fuck Yes!!"

Jenna's tried to suppress her own cries as she came, her fingers pushing deep into her dripping pussy.

Brad's pace slowed as he savoured the sweetness of his cock pulsing deep in Meg. Wendy's fingers squeezing and massaging his balls as they emptied into her friend.

Finally the three collapsed together in a tangle of naked bodies. 

Jenna slowly made her way back to her bedroom, her fingers still massaging her slit. She crawled into bed and lay there, catching her breath and replaying the scene downstairs in her mind. After a few minutes, not hearing the others come up to their rooms, she quietly tiptoed back to the landing.

Looking down she saw that the two women were on either side of Brad, pressing against him. Meg's fingers were moving slowly up and down his revived shaft while Wendy was fondling his heavy sac. 

Wendy looked at her husband and said, "You've always told me you wanted to have two women down on you, so tonight is your night babe!"

With that the two of them slithered down his body and their lips moved to his rigid cock. Their lips moved up and down the side of his shaft, occasionally lingering at the head, both tongues swirling. The look on Brad's face gave no doubt that he was totally enjoying this experience. His fingertips moved to the hair of both women, stroking it softly as they ministered to him. 

Wendy moved around, sliding lower and began licking his balls as Meg took his cock in her mouth and began sucking him. Brad groaned as Meg took him fully into her hot mouth, her lips right down to the base. Then ever so slowly she pulled them up while Wendy's tongue swirled around his sac. 

"You want to cum again, don't you Brad?" Meg said as the big cock popped from her lips.

"Oh fuck yes!" Brad moaned, "Make me cum in your mouth!!"

Meg's lips went back to his cock, sliding over the fat cock head as her fingertips feathered up and down his swollen shaft. Wendy had moved so that she was flicking her tongue on the underside of Brad's balls, against the strip of flesh between his balls and ass. 

Brad was writhing with pleasure, his hand moving to Meg's head, guiding her rhythm as her lips began sliding up and down his throbbing flesh. 

Jenna fingers were again at her dripping wet slit, as the scene below had her turned on once again. She pushed two fingers deep inside as she watched her two friends pleasure that beautiful cock. She wondered if she should go down and join them, but held back, just wanting to be a voyeur.

Below, Brad was groaning as the two women had him right on the edge.

"Ohhhhh fuck!" he growled, "I'm cumming!"

Meg tightened her lips around his shaft and her fingers stroked him as he exploded, shooting rope after rope of thick creamy cum into her willing mouth. Wendy slid up, moving her own lips close to Meg's. Meg moved her lips from Brad's cock, letting Wendy take it in her mouth and taste the last oozes of cum. 

The two women kissed and then Wendy said with a giggle, "Was that what you wanted baby?"

Brad just grinned and pulled his wife up and gave her a long kiss while Meg's tongue kept flicking against his softening cock.

Upstairs, Jenna was limp from cumming multiple times watching her friends. She quietly moved back into the bedroom so as to not be detected. She slipped into bed and a short while later she heard the sound of her two friends coming up to their rooms.

Early the next morning Jenna was awakened by the sound of the front door and then Brad's truck starting up. She lay there for a few minutes, wondering if what she had witnessed the night before had been real or a dream. She wondered if she should say anything to the others, but decided she wouldn't. 

Jenna lay there for a bit, then got up and headed to the bathroom. She let the warm water of the shower caress her body for a long time, then towelled off and then wrapped the big towel around her and started back to her room. As she came out of the bathroom, Wendy came out of her room and grinned as she saw Jenna.

"Hope you enjoyed the show last night Jen." she said with a giggle. 

The two friends looked at each other and then both burst into laughter, knowing there would be some interesting conversations on the deck today.