 Chapter 4 Lesbian Love Show

The two of you walk seductively back over to the bed, with you first climbing on with your ass high in the air, Carina is licking at your pussy as you crawl away, and she joins you. You lay flat on the bed and spread your legs wide as Carina climbs up between them, laying her heavy breasts down on yours, nipple to nipple as she kisses you softly, and seductively. 

You return her kisses, sucking on one of her lips playfully as she tries to pull away, then pulling her up high onto you so you can suck and lick at her beautiful breasts. I am so exhausted that I can't move yet my cock is rock hard and aching for attention. 

Carina moans as you suck hard on her tiny nipples, goose bumps start forming all over her body as sweat begins to bead up along her skin, she is rubbing her hot wet pussy hard against your breasts as she straddles your magnificent chest. The sight as picturesque as one of the most beautiful nature scenes I have ever seen, like out of a classy pornography magazine, only hooter because I can feel the heat coming off of your bodies and smell the sweet musk of your now sopping wet pussies.

I ache, I yearn, no I long to feel the inside of both of you so bad that my balls, heavy and sagging, now ache to release themselves of their growing heavy burden. 

Carina pulls her breast away from you, quickly sliding down your body searching for her meal, only stopping when she sees and smells the pungent musk that permeates from your waiting pussy. She lowers her head down and starts to hungrily lick at your sweet nectar as it drips down your inner thigh, only moving her attention away when she notices that there is no more to drink, and refocuses her attention towards her intended goal. She buries her face deep between your legs, licking away in circles on your clit, stopping only momentarily to suck it into her mouth, and then returning back to her rhythmic motion.

You are moaning now, your breath heavy, sweat beading along your skin as well as she devours you sweet pussy. Thankfully I have regained some energy back now, and I start to caress my cock, massaging away the ache that has built up there as I have sat here watching her hungrily please you. I am careful to not stroke it too fast or too hard, I do not want to cum, just ease the pain for now, that way I am able to join the two of you when my time has come. 

Your moaning grows louder as your breath is even faster than before, the sweat on your body starts to pool wherever it can and your body is starting to tremble. I see your legs flex as you restrain yourself from wrapping them tightly around her head. You begin to rock your body up and down on the bed as you grab a fist full of her sweat soaked hair, arching your back backwards as you flail your head from side to side.

I know hat is happening, so does Carina and she reacts swiftly, moving a hand up under her chin she inserts a finger deep within your drenched pussy, moving it in and out like a miniature cock, fucking you hard and fast, rubbing on your G-spot vigorously. You let out a scream as your pussy squirts all over her face, arching your back further as you almost sit straight up, with both hands grabbing and pulling her hair as you try to bury her face deeper into your lap. I can see the juices running down Carina's face as she lifts it from your pussy, reaching up and grabbing you, pulling you close as she kisses you and affords you the opportunity to taste what you have done. 

Your embrace is short lived as you quickly throw her over on the bed and start to position yourself so that you can return the favor. You are a lot gentler than she was, taking your time as you lick her swollen pussy in circles on her clit, deciding to lend your hand early, and begin to insert one finger as she did, caressing her G-spot slowly as you lick away. She reaches up and grabs a handful of your hair, pulling you tightly down on her wet pussy as she rubs one of her nipples with spare hand. 

Your ass swaying in the air as if you are keeping rhythm with an imaginary dance that you are dancing in your head, your pussy still dripping and oozing forth its juices. Carina is breathing very heavy, moaning each time your finger enters her pussy, her hair matted down by the sweat that is pouring off of her body. She isn't as nice as you were, as she grows closer to her climax she lifts up one leg at a time, locking them behind your head drawing it in closer still, yearning for her orgasm to come. 

Soon I can see Carina trembling, her moans growing louder, almost light screams of pleasure as you start to suck on her clit. She is close, and she feels it, as you return to licking her pussy she yanks you by the hair so that she can grind her clit hard on your tongue, not wanting to wait longer for her turn to cum. You resist her pulls, but you do start to finger her faster, licking faster, staring up at her face as she arches back and pulls hard on the two fists full of hair that she has in her hands. 

I continue to stroke my cock, resisting the urge to do so harder and faster because of the return of that ache I so much want to be rid of. Then I notice Carina tense up more rigid than a bent iron rod as your face begins to drip with her juices. As her orgasm subsides you quickly pull yourself up onto her, sharing what little is left on your face with her. 

I think that the two of you are done, but you aren't. You both sit up, laying one leg under the others, then placing the other over the others, grinding your pussies together as you both lean back and rock your hips. Your pussies' lip-to-lip, clit to clit, rubbing against one another like I had never seen before, amazing me beyond imagination ever could. Both of you are breathing heavy and beginning to moan, your skin slick with the sweat that you have sweated, glistening in the light. 

The faces that the two of you are making is indescribable, is it one of pleasure or of pain, I can't tell for certain, all I do know is that you both do not stop. You continue furiously, rubbing each other clit to clit, lip to lip. 

I don't know if I can continue to stroke my cock without exploding, but I can't stop, the pain too intense, I have never been turned on this much ever before, and I feel I never will again. I can't imagine being able to witness such a beautiful sight more than once in a lifetime, let alone this one time that I have been handed as if I had won the lottery without ever buying a ticket. 

Both of you begin to tense up and scream as you both cum hard on each other, but that doesn't stop you. It is almost like the two of you had forgotten that I was there, grinding away on each other without a care in the world, enjoying the feel of another woman's pussy, sopping wet, next to yours. I almost get up and join you, but you see me adjust myself and look over shaking your head no, telling me that it is not yet time for me to join the two of you. 

My balls ache so bad that I can't take it anymore. I begin to stroke harder on my cock, as it is harder and larger than I have ever seen it to be. Each stroke never bringing any form of satisfaction, just a deeper and duller ache from within my heavy balls, making me want to stop stroking my cock, but I can't. I need to cum. There is no, "I want to cum." I truly need to; otherwise I feel I may die from the pain. 

Just then I see the both of you tense up again, in unison, as more juices flow from within you onto the others pussy. Just then something happens, the ache is no longer there, just this feeling of electricity coursing through my body. My toes curl as my body tightens, my grip on my cock so tight that I fear that I will either rip it off or break it in some way. There it goes, I can feel it now, a thick wad of cum squirting out at an angle so perfect that it actually reaches out and lands on the two of you, then again, then again, and yet again. 

The both of you stare as it happens, wide eyed, shocked and amazed that it made the distance from me in the chair across the room and onto the two of you, at least ten or so feet away. I am embarrassed, almost apologetic, and I want to say something, but I can't, at least not in time before the two of you start to spoon it off of one another with a finger and lick it away. Your shock and amazement subsides and turns into raw hunger, a hunger that can only be satiated by having me between the two of you.