 It had been three months since my first marvelous encounter with Jennifer. I figured it was a one time thing. You know, just being in the right place at the right time with the right circumstances. Needless to say, I was plenty happy and surprised when Jennifer and her roomate Sandy showed up on my door step on a hot summer night.

"Hi Mr. Geller. What's up?" Jennifer asked in her usual bubbly girlish manner.

"Jennifer," I exclaimed, "How have you been?'

I rose from my porch swing and gave her a gentle hug and a peck on the forehead.

"I've been good. Just glad to be taking a break from school. You remember my girlfriend Sandy, huh?"

"Yes, yes, Sandy how are you?" I reached over and shook her hand. "So college is getting to you?"

"Yeah. Nursing school is really tough. I plan to really hang loose during the summer break."

"So, to what do I owe such a pleasurable visit from my two lovely neighbors?"

"Our air conditioner broke and we were going down to get some ice cream to cool off when I saw you and decided to come and say what's up.?

"Well, thank you. Would you girls like to come in for some lemonade?"

Jennifer looks at Sandy who gives her a wink and they both smile and follow me into my home.

"You girls can have a seat and I'll run and get us some lemonade."

I run back to the kitchen and put some glasses, a pitcher of lemonade, and a bowl full of ice on a tray and head back to the livingroom.

"O.K., help yourself," I say as I place the tray on the coffee table.

They both smile and grab a glass, fill it with ice and pour themselves some lemonade.

As they sit back and drink their lemonade, I notice that Jennifer's boobs are still as firm and perky as ever. And she still doesn't believe in wearing a bra because I can see the bottom of her boos peaking out from beneath her cut off t-shirt as she downs her drink.

"Wow, I guess I was really thirsty," Jennifer says as she blushes.

"Don't worry, there's plenty more where that came from.

"So, Mr. Geller, Jennifer tells me you wife was a nurse," Sandy says.

"Yes, she was and I'm sure you gals will make wonderful nuses just like she was."

"Oh, that's so sweet," Jennifer says in a child like voice. "See Sandy, I told you he was a sweetheart and handsome."

Now I'm blushing.

"He certainly is," Sandy agrees. "It's so hot tonight. I just can't seem to cool down."

"Here try this," Jennifer says as she reaches for an ice cube and begins to rub Sandy's neck with the ice.

"Oh yeah. That's much better," Sandy moans as she closes her eyes and rolls her head back to rest on the couch.

Jennifer continues to rub the ice up and down Sandy's neck, across her forehead and around to her pink lips. When the ice hits her lips she opens them and sucks on the ice and Jennifer's fingers.

Feeling a little light headed, I take a seat on the love seat in the coner. Jennifer and Sandy both look over at me.

"Oh, don't mind me girls. Please act like I'm not even here."

With that said, Jennifer grabs another piece of ice, puts it in her mouth, and crouches down between Sandy's legs and starts to rub the ice around her flat stomach and slowly inches her way up to Sandy's breast that are also peeking out beneather her cut off t-shirt. She brings the ice back down then up again execpt this time she continues up to Sandy's supple, long neck. Jennifer is guiding the ice around Sandy's neck with here mouth and now she's sitting on Sandy's lap and Sandy is gently rubbing Jennifer's back and firm ass. Jennifer guides the ice to Sandy's pink lips and Sandy opens wide to receive the ice. Now they are engulfed in a deep, wet kiss. Sandy is grabbing Jennifer's ass and spreading her firm cheeks through here hot pink shorts. Jennifer has a firm grasp of Sandys red hair and is pulling at it as she crams her tongue down her throat.

Jennifer releases her grasp on Sandy's hair and slide down between her legs. She lifts Sandy's tiny t-shirt and removes it and exposes a set of marvelous, creamy white, tear drop tits that couldn't be more perfect if you paid for them.

Jennifer begins to play with her erect nipples with her tongue. Circling one nipple then moving to the next one. Then sucking softly. Then sucking harder and harder. And the harder she sucked the louder Sandy moaned and whimpered. Jennifer snatches off her own shirt and Sandy grabs her erect nipples and pinces and twists them as Jennifer continued to suck and fondle her breast.

Jennifer slides out of her hot pink shorts and begins to rub her fingers between her wet slit. That did it. That put me over the top. I couldn't take it anymore. I freed my throbbing dick from my pants and began to stroke it slowly. Sandy looked over at me and smiled.

Jennifer slid Sandy out of her denim daisy dukes and spread her legs wide open to show off Sandy's hairless sopping wet, pink pussy. Jennifer slowly licks Sandy from her asshole to swollen clit.

"Mmmm, tastes like lemonade," Jennifer said before diving into Sandy's waiting pussy with her tongue and fingers.

As I watch Sandy pull and lick her own nipples and scream in extasy, my excitement grows and is pushed to the brink. Just when I feel like I can't take anymore of this visual stimulation, the girls turn their attention to me.

"I think Mr. Geller needs some personal attention Jennifer," Sandy says as she pushes Jennifer away.

"I think your right."

Then both girls get on all fours and begin to crawl over to me with a look of hunger and pure lust in their eyes. As they approach my anticipation of the dirty deeds about to take place flow through my mind and my dick aches from the thought of such pleasure.

Now both girls are crouched at my feet. Jennifer reaches for my pants and takes them off as Sandy removes my t-shirt. I reach for Sandy and grab her by the waist. I pull her up and position her on my lap so we're face to face and her ass is in Jennifer's face.

I reach my hands under her thighs and caress her ass. Then I lift her up to my face so I can get a better view of that hairless pussy. It's the most beautiful pussy I've seen in a while. I can't resist it.

I flick out my tongue at her clit brushing it lightly. She shakes and moans. The next time I hold open her pussy to get a better view of her tiny hole and probe my tongue in and out and she moans louder.

I look up at her and say, "Jennifer was right. It does tast like lemonade." She smiles and pushes my head back to her wet pussy.

I continue to suck and lick her and I feel Jennifer's tongue working in and out of Sandy's pussy from behind. I open her legs wider so we both can have better access to Sandy's tasty pussy.

"Lick my ass," Sandy moans and Jennifer does with no hesitation.

"Ohhhh yeahhhh."

As Jennifer continue's to probe Sandy's ass with her tongue, I stick my thumb into her pussy and begin to suck and flick her clit feverishly with my tongue. Sandy's shaking uncontrollably and her moans of extacy turn to screams of pleasure. We both continue to orally fuck Sandy until she cums and collapses on top of me.

As I suck and caress her nipples, I feel my dick being covered in a warm wetness. Jennifer is now servicing me. Sucking, licking, and fondling my dick with such intensity that it was just a matter of time before I released my load all over her pretty face.

Sandy crawls off of me and sits face to face with Jennifer.

"I think we should return Jennifer's pleasure two fold Mr. Geller."

"I couldn't agree more", I say and get on the floor behind Jennifer.

Sandy grabs Jennifer by the hair and gives her one of the longest deepest kisses I've ever seen. Then she lays down on her stomach and exposes Jennifer's nearly hairless pussy.

She takes a long slow lick of Jennifer's pussy causing her to arch her back and moan in pleasure. This only encourages Sandy to lick and suck and probe even more. Just when I hear Jennifer about to reach her breaking point, I push her forward on her hands and knees with her ass in the air.

I grab my now engorged dick and shove it into her wet tight pussy. This too causes her to arch her back and moan in pleasure. I slowly pull my dick out and Sandy rolls onto her back and sliding under Jennifer, leaving her pussy in Jennifer's face and her face in Jennifer's pussy.

I begin to fuck Jennifer slowly from behind as Sandy continues to suck and lick her clit. I start to fuck her harder and faster. Sandy sucks harder and faster. The harder and faster I fuck, the harder and Sandy sucks. Now Jennifer's moan of pleasure have turned to screams of pain and unimaginable pleasure. I'm quickly reaching my breaking point. Sandy's fingering and fondling her own clit as she continues to work on Jennifer's clit with her tongure. Jennifer begins to shake and jerk involuntarily. We are all just a few more strokes, flicks and sucks away form becoming one big O.

I lick my thumb and insert it into Jennifer's asshole. The deeper it goes the more she shakes. As I shove my dick into her pussy and my thumb in her ass she broke. She began to shake and moan out in uncontainable pleasure that I let loose into her contracting pussy. As I pulled out I watch as my juices dripped from Jennifer's pussy into Sandy's mouth as she too moaned out in uncontainable pleasure as she came on her own fingers.

When the moaning stopped and we all caught our breaths, we just smiled and giggled as I lay sandwiched between my two college nursing student neighbors on the floor of my home.

Who ever thought a broken air conditioner and lemonade would lead to this.