 "Hello Christine, come in and rest your legs". I said as I answered the door.

"Thanks I hurried over after I got your call. Hi Allan still hanging out I see".

Allan was naked as always unless we expect people who do not see us that way.

"You said on the phone that you had almost completed plans for an extended do similar to the one at our house. Let me have the details". I explain that we have provisionally booked the theatre where Allan had his CFNM show for an event and that she would be the centrepiece for starting the show with Frank to help her.

"What!" she replied, so I went on to explain. "You will do your stripper routine and then invite a member of the audience (Frank) onto the stage and seduce him."

"I can't do that...Frank would never agree."

"Ah but you aren't going to tell Frank about it he will be in the audience and have already watched you strip in front of a big crowd so he will be excited enough not to back down. 

If you agree then I will get Allan to book the theatre. He has arranged a very good rate with Tina and they will do the sound, lighting and filming."

"But what if he refuses to get on stage with me?"

"Well I doubt he will as his cock will be throbbing by then and I shall have people encourage him into it."

"I'm not sure..."

"Well you have been pushing us hard to arrange this and we have put in a lot of work. There's nothing we can't undo but it would be a disappointment"

"OK, I will do it, but if it all fails we will look bad."

"I'm glad you said that, we would have let down a lot of people otherwise.

So, the group who we had the party with are also up for a good time but we need more people to participate or at least watch. As they are your friends we need you to ask them to each invite three couples to attend. They need to be told that it is an adult themed show and sex will definitely happen onstage with some people they will know."

"I can have a chat with them," said Christine, "and I'm sure we can all find some but what if they don't join in?" 

"Then all of us end up putting on an orgy for their entertainment but it would be best not to ask if they will do so just let it be a bit of a surprise. When they are already excited by what has gone on they will be more interactive and telling them up front might cause them to say no"

"What about the finances?" asked Christine.

"No problem, we will bear the cost of putting on the show but if people want DVDs of it then we will take any profit."

"Anything else we need to do to prepare for it." Asked Christine.

"Well, we asked all of you to put the date aside, so please just check everyone is free and we will firm up all the details."

"The bar will be open but the people there will not be OK with nudity, so far as we know, so one would need to re-dress if visiting once the show has started. The audio, lighting and video people all know what they might see and I have said they can join in as long as everything is recorded. 

The vid people will also take audience reaction shots so the DVD will show that as well. Allan has prepared the details and I have a lot of copies for you. The sheets explain where it is and how to get there plus vague details about what to expect.

Allan will explain rules of engagement before the show starts and where and how to get drinks, plus, of course, health and safety announcements. It also tells everyone that a DVD will be made including audience reaction, just in case people don't want that."

"I'll get this running and confirm within the week but as you say everyone has saved the date." Said Christine "And thanks for all the work you have put in."

On the day, we arrived long before the performance to meet the people operating behind the scenes and see the layout.

Tina greeted us and told us. "There have been a few changes since you were here and thanks again for being such a good sport with my show Allan. I have a few more things lined up and will call you about them another day. Still the main change...come and look," she said leading us into the auditorium. 

"The university has installed a massive screen above the stage and all the video is now wireless and can be shown on the screen."

Allan asked. "Will there be close ups of the action then." Tina replied that there would be.

We met the videographers, sound and lighting people who asked us how much would happen tonight. I chimed in. "Everything you can imagine happening with a group of people who are naked and sexually liberated can, and probably will happen. I would be happy for any and all of you to join in as long as the level of service is maintained."

"Really" piped up the one of the soundmen. "You mean we can just get onstage and have sex with anyone?"

"Not just anyone. No means no so do make sure that the person is ok with it." Said Jean.

There were four cameras operated by two ladies and two men plus a lot of people in the control room all of whom had donated their services. There were mikes all over the stage so speech would be no problem but most especially over the 'beds' that were dotted around the stage.

Suddenly the doormen (A lady and a man) were swamped by the people arriving as the group with Christine and Frank, all arrived together on a small coach that had picked everyone up. They had decided that if things went well nobody would be in a fit state to drive due to drink or exhaustion.

After drinks at the bar and a lot of chatter everyone was led into the auditorium.

Tina walked onto the stage and announced. "Ladies and gentlemen, this evening will be an interesting time for us all. As you already know, there will be sex involved and nudity. We invite you to join if you feel you are able and there will be a video of all the activity here. This will include audience reaction shots as well so if that upsets or worries you please leave now." After a pause where nobody left she continued.

"The people involved with the first party of sexual liberation will take you forward and at some time you will be asked to join, this is not demanded of you so you can just stay in your seats and watch if that is what you want.

If penetrative sex happens you will be expected to use a condom unless it is your spouse, this is hard rule and you will find condoms in dishes on the stage and dotted around the auditorium. 

You will be able to see almost all the detail from your seats because the videos will be on screen as you can now see my 20 foot tall face."

At which point her face appeared on the big screen.

She continued. "When many shots are being taken there will be four parts to the screen so we can see as much as possible. 

If you leave the auditorium, please try to be dressed respectably. "There was a ripple of laughter at this. "And, do not forget this is a private occasion. No money will be asked of you but the hire of this theatre has cost one couple so if you want to put something towards the costs please leave it in the boxes at the exits. Right! That's all the waffle I have for you so let the show start. The first person you will see is Christine so please greet her as she does what she will."

The audience applauded and there were even some whistles.

Christine was onstage with little lighting as the lights had gone down for the performance. A spot hit her and as she had at the strip club, she stood like a rabbit in the headlights. The music started and after a few seconds, she moved to the beat and went into her routine of caressing herself through her clothes. As she stroked up her legs the stocking tops showed too.

There was a ripple of applause and then she started to unbutton the almost sheer blouse, it was obvious the bra covered very little as it was just as sheer. Her nipples came into view and there was a quiet 'Ahhh' from the crowd. Then a little applause started. All this was shown on the screen in explicit detail.

Christine took off the blouse and presented her tits by lifting them up and squeezing her already erect nipples and there was more applause. She teased more and eventually started to undo he skirt. She slowly slid the skirt to the floor. The stockings seemed to frame her pussy. 

The bra removal was done quite quickly as she had in the strip club and the thong that cut up her pussy lips was shown fully 20 feet high on the screen. There was a lot of applause and some cheering. One man called out. "Wonderful!" and Christine took a little bow. She then turned to show her back to the audience and bent at the waist revealing her pussy from behind. 

She was obviously wet and she removed the thong sexily revealing all, at which point the music changed.

Christine started to move to the second piece of music, which was a little more intense, and she was obviously turning herself on by playing with her tits and then stroking her pussy. She eventually had a massive orgasm and collapsed on the nearby 'bed'.

The audience, both men and women stood and cheered wanting more. Christine after bowing asked Frank to join her on stage, which he did, seemingly reluctantly, not knowing what was going to happen.

"Frank." She said. "It's time for you to lose your inhibitions so let's get those clothes off you and put on a good show for these people." Frank tried to argue but the audience started to clap slowly yelling "Frank, Frank," as he held out.

Not to be denied, she started to undress him unbuttoning his shirt and exposing his hairy chest to everyone. Frank, realising he was committed pulled off his shoes and socks and then allowed Christine to remove his trousers while kneeling in front of him. She slowly undid his belt and popped open the button. She then undid his zip and opened the trousers revealing his black boxers. She slid the trousers down and she massaged his cock through the boxers. He started to get harder and you could see the bulge magnified greatly on the screen.

Christine started to tug at the boxers while Frank made a last ditch stand to resist, she tickled him and he let go, his shorts rapidly descending leaving his cock at three quarters mast and fully displayed, he had no pubes; they had been shaved off. Christine immediately slipped him into her mouth demonstrating some skills with tongue and hands making his cock twitch and Frank let out a little groan.

She dragged him to a 'bed' and continued to fellate him and he then started to caress and finger her. Her pussy lips were wet and she was obviously very turned on. She said to Frank. "Lay back and let me take over." He obeyed, and she climbed on his cock and impaled herself to the hilt. She started to rise and drop on his cock and you could see they were both getting very excited as Frank reached to her clit and started to rub her and stroke her. She was nearing her orgasm and as she came she triggered Frank's orgasm too. He was arching his back lifting her up and her arched back was almost to breaking point.

Both collapsed on the bed to rapturous applause.

On the screen you could see all the fluids mixed by the furious action glistening in vivid detail.

As the action finished, Mustafa and Saleen walked onto the stage and started to undress each other. Saleen's Arabian beauty was obvious, and once undressed Mustafa's large cock was standing fully erect. She immediately started to suck his cock and waved to me to join her, which I did as we both sucked and licked him. Mustafa was groaning almost immediately as Frank stood and started to fondle both of our tits and then kneeling slid his fingers in each of us making us both start to move to his ministrations. Meanwhile Mustafa's cock was twitching. Saleen remove him from her mouth and wanked him until he shot his massive load all over her tits, splashing me too, shown as massive blobs on the screen above them. Cheers joined with shouts of more started and two more couples, Rula and Peter, and Bill and Sharon, walked onto the stage.

All of them got undressed and started to kiss Peter with Sharon and Bill with Rula. The men started to caress the breasts of the women and as though synchronised caressed all the body ending up at the pussy. The women then dropped to their knees and slurped on the cocks presented. Meanwhile Christine and the others started a four-way daisy chain working on each other's partners.

All the action was captured and shown on screen as were the lascivious looks on the faces of those still sitting in the audience. The camera also caught the fumblings that they couldn't conceal but did their best as they appeared on screen.

The sound was amplified so that every groan and scream filled the theatre and drove the action on.

Meanwhile on stage there was the daisy chain coming (pun intended) to its natural conclusion with ropes of spunk and massive orgasms echoing through the audience turning them on. The foursome had ended with lots of messy fluids spread over tits and faces. 

Tina walked on stage, naked, and announced. "The pre-planned part of the evening is now over and any who wish to join in should get naked and join in the action." 

Only three couples remained seated and what followed was a massive orgy with threesomes, anal, girl on girl, males together, spunking and orgasming. The sound and camera crews rotated running the equipment.

Tina could be seen with at least two of the ladies having great fun and even the bar staff and door people came to see what was happening and joined in.

The screen continued to show the action with anal both male and female recipients, loads of penetration and orgasm faces.

Eventually everyone ran out of steam and the bacchanalia 'came' to a rather lazy end.

Allan stood on stage and said "I'd like to thank the people who performed this evening and the wonderful job they did of entertaining and exciting us. As you dress use the towels provided and get ready to leave please remember that this is a private occasion and don't share details about what happened." Someone piped up. "How could we? either no one would believe it of us or call the police!" 

There was a ripple of laughter at this and Allan continued. "Do remember that this is a residential area so go quietly. If anyone drove then be sure you aren't over the limit. Remember the costs involved in putting on the performance for you." He paused. "Those helping to clear up please remain and those others of you, be safe."

The DVDs will be created within two weeks so those who would like a copy please let your sponsor know and if that isn't Jean and me then they will inform us."

People dressed and filed out and the job of clearing up proceeded. I thanked Tina who said she had enjoyed the fun and never thought she could have an all-female foursome so had been well rewarded. Everyone in the staff had had fun and achieved at least one fantasy including a couple who had had a cuckold fantasy and he watched her getting fucked by three men, one of whom was Mustafa. They both enjoyed it.

I gave Tina a thorough kiss and we took our farewell with her promising to call us about further performances the arts group would put on.

Two weeks later the DVDs were ready and we managed to sell over 80 of them with more asked for. I am sure some were for friends of those attending but we haven't seen it on the internet yet so we hope we are safe.

Oh, we met all the costs through donations and there was some over to reduce the cost of the DVDs to people while giving us some cash for the future.