 I could already feel a trickle of sweat running down my back as Jack and I approached the first tee. It was just a few minutes past nine in the morning, but the day had all of the earmarks of being a real scorcher! Temperatures were predicted to reach 100, and they were well on their way. Summertime can be brutal on some of these islands, but this was when we were able to get away, and we had no intention of letting the heat keep us from playing as much golf as possible over the next couple of days. The course was empty, the manager in the pro shop commenting that everybody else had enough sense to stay inside on a day like this, or maybe on the beach where the water was quickly accessible.

Jack and I pulled off our shirts and lathered up with sunscreen. We were hoping that wearing just shorts would keep us from being completely overwhelmed by the heat. I hit my driver, and got off a decent shot, about 225 yards down the fairway, and not too far off to the right. Jack's shot was a little longer and a little straighter. 

We had climbed into our cart when a voice called out, "How about making it a foursome?" We turned to find ourselves being approached by two attractive young women who were apparently as crazy as we were, and determined to get in 18 holes, one way or the other. I glanced at Jack, and we shrugged, simultaneously.

"Sure. Why not?"

I'm still single at age 35, and Jack was recently divorced. We had taken a two-bedroom suite at the hotel, and were certainly hoping that we might meet a couple of women while we were here.

The gals hopped off of their cart, and introduced themselves as Donna and Emily. They appeared to be just a year or two younger than we were, probably early 30's. Donna was relatively tall, maybe 5'9", very athletic in appearance, with that brown hair that is so dark it nearly looks black, tied up in a ponytail. Emily's hair was auburn, and fell loosely onto her shoulders, and although she was not as tall as Donna, she was every bit as attractive, and her figure was, perhaps, a bit better. They were here to play golf, enjoy the beach, and generally have a good time.

They teed off, and it was easy to see that they were both pretty decent golfers, certainly as good as Jack and I were. The compensation of playing from the women's tees, though, made them able companions. They were both wearing shorts and bathing suit tops, accentuating their terrific figures.

We had played the first four holes, and the sun had continued to rise, making the oppressive heat even more intense. There did not seem to be another soul on the course. We were all sweating fairly profusely, and grateful that cold water was provided at regular intervals along the way. Jack and I were dumping as much on our heads as we were down our throats, and the same was pretty much true for our companions. We were standing in the shade by the fifth tee when Donna complained about the inequities of our respective situations.

"At least you guys can get away with not wearing a shirt. This bathing suit top is getting oppressive."

Not being one to pass up an obvious opening, I said, "You know, there's nobody else out here today. I think I can honestly say that neither one of us would object to the two of you playing without your tops on." I was hoping the wanton smile on my face was not too obvious.

The two girls giggled, and, after questioning looks at each other, reached behind their backs and untied the halters, freeing their breasts from their confines. They both had well-formed, ample breasts, and dark areoles from which their nipples anxiously tried to escape. Jack reached into his golf bag and came out with a tube of sunscreen, flipping it to Emily. 

"Better put some on. We'd hate to see you with a painful sunburn." 

They rubbed the lotion into each other's backs (I was going to offer, but thought better of it), and then they each spread generous amounts on their own breasts and stomachs. We watched longingly as they did so. Emily in particular spent a lot of time making sure here nipples were well coated, and when she was done they were standing out hard and proud from their surroundings.

We resumed our round of golf, the girls delighting in their freedom, and us delighting in them. The girls continued to play well, but Jack and I experienced an immediate deterioration in play. We made it through the fifth hole OK, but by the time I stood on the sixth tee, I was so distracted by the girls, as well as the throbbing erection I was now sporting, that I sliced my drive into the trees on the right side of the fairway. Everyone else was in the fairway, but I headed off toward the trees to see if I had any chance of getting out of this jam. As I got out of the cart, Emily offered to help me look.

"Let me go with you. I'm pretty good at finding balls."

We stepped into the trees while Donna joined Jack in our cart and headed off toward where their shots had landed. Emily yelled that we would catch up in a few minutes. I felt from the angle at which my ball had entered the trees that it was not going to be too easy to find. Given my companion, I was not overly upset by this prospect.

Emily was a step or two behind me when she reached out, grabbed my hand, and gave it a gentle pull. This resulted in my spinning back toward her as she stepped forward and tilted her face up toward mine. I needed no encouragement. I leaned down and more than willingly kissed the upturned lips. She was wanton when our lips touched, and as we embraced, her breasts crushed into my chest. Her nipples were so hard that I could readily feel them as they moved across my chest. Our tongues sought and found each other, and I felt my cock getting harder by the second. She pulled in closer to me, and thrust herself against my throbbing cock, rotating her hips sensuously as she did so.

I pulled back from her lips and looked down at her as her hands snaked into my shorts, one seizing my cock, and the other cradling my balls. "I told you I was good at finding balls," she teased. 

She undid my belt, unzipped and unbuttoned my shorts, and pulled them down, freeing my straining cock from its imprisonment. She dropped down to her knees, and eagerly pulled my cock into her mouth. Her mouth worked up and down my shaft, her lips and tongue creating maximum stimulation along its full, ten-inch length. 

Sensing that I might not last too much longer, she pulled my cock out of her mouth, stood up, and pulled off her own shorts, now completely naked other than her golf shoes. The short-cropped pubic hair matched the auburn color on her head, and I found that to be an incredible turn on. She turned her back to me, bent over and leaned against a tree.

"I have got to have that cock in my cunt."

She wiggled her ass invitingly, and I stepped up behind her to accommodate her request. My cock was sopping wet from her mouth, and I noticed when I placed the head of my cock to her cunt that she was soaking wet with her own cum. I glided into her gently, but soon began to stroke in and out of her with increasing speed and power. On every stroke I threw into her, she backed up hard against me, maximizing my penetration of her cunt. 

She was moaning and uttering, "yes" as I continued to pound into her. I felt her cunt tighten up, and her breathing quicken, just before she screamed as her first orgasm swept through her body. Two more came in rapid succession, and her cum poured out of her cunt, around my cock, and down her legs. It was all too much for me, and I let out a shout of my own as I shot a huge load of cum into her throbbing cunt. We stood there, breathing hard, until my cock shrunk and plopped noisily from its wet refuge. 

We heard Jack and Donna calling to us, and we hurriedly dressed so we could rejoin our partners. 

"Oh, here," said Emily, handing my 'lost' ball to me, a nearly evil grin spreading across her face. "I really am good at finding balls." I could not have agreed with her more.

"Took you two long enough," quipped Donna.

As the ninth hole led back to the clubhouse, the girls decided they had best put their halter tops back on before we came into sight. The four of us had a couple of beers at the turn, and then went to finish the back nine, the girls again playing sans tops when out of sight of the clubhouse. We never saw another golfer on the course.

Donna and Emily wanted to spend the afternoon on the beach, but they agreed to meet us in the hotel lobby around 7 PM so we could have dinner together. Jack and I headed back to our suite to get cleaned up before heading out for some lunch and a couple of drinks.

"It did take you rather a long time to find that ball. It must have really been buried. Why didn't you just drop another ball and take the penalty stroke? It's not like we were playing for money or anything like that."

"Emily was adamant that she had to find my ball, and who was I to argue with a woman who is that hot?"

"I couldn't believe they actually played topless. It was one of the hottest things I have ever seen in my life. I never wanted the round to end."

"Me, neither. Maybe we can play together again tomorrow. I know they are planning to get in a couple of additional rounds. Jack, I really liked Emily. Did you and Donna hit it off? I could easily see us spending more time with these two if you did."

"She seemed to be teasing me a good bit. While you two were in the woods, she made a big production of bending over her ball with her ass pointed right at me. She was not wearing panties. I could see her cunt, and I am almost certain it's shaved. So I will be more than happy to see how this goes. They are both really good-looking and really hot! I had a hard-on for almost the entire round."

"That was two of us," I replied.

We showered, got dressed, and had a light lunch before finding our way to a sports bar where we passed the afternoon. We freshened up and made it to the hotel lobby just in time to see Donna and Emily get off the elevator and walk over to join us. They were both wearing sundresses that fit in beautifully with the lifestyle of the island, and showed off their scrumptious bodies. I offered my arm to Emily, and she took it as we walked out the door and headed toward a steak and seafood place near the beach. We had a fantastic dinner, a couple of bottles of wine, and then headed off for an evening of dancing and drinks.

We found a place with live music and great ambiance, not to mention great drinks. Emily and I danced, and it felt great to have her there in my arms. She discreetly rubbed up against my cock at every opportunity, and she moaned a bit as she felt its length against her. Jack and Donna eventually joined us, and as the night progressed, their dancing became more intimate as well. It appeared to me that things were headed in the right direction.

At one point, Donna came up and asked me to dance with her while Emily and Jack sat and talked, sipping their drinks. Donna looked up at me with curious eyes.

"Emily told me about the search for your ball this afternoon. She is really glad that she found it."

"So am I!"

"She also told me that you have a great putter, and a terrific stroke. Is that true?"

I looked down at her without answering. She moved in closer and thrust herself up against my cock, wanting to find out for herself.

"I think she is correct, but I may want to check it out for myself." 

She gave me a quick kiss on the corner of my mouth, and a knowing smile before heading off the dance floor and back to our table.

The rest of the evening passed far too quickly. When we left the club, Donna and Jack excused themselves to go for a walk on the beach while Emily and I headed toward the hotel. 

"Your room?" she asked. "They'll be gone for a while. Donna likes to fuck on the beach."

"Sure. I've got some wine up there that we might put to good use."

When we got to the suite, Emily asked, "How about a glass of that wine?"

I poured while she excused herself and went to use the bathroom. She came out a few minutes later, completely naked, other than the heels she had been wearing while we were out. I gathered her into my arms and kissed her, her mouth opening cavernously to accept my tongue. She pushed me back until I was sitting on the edge of the bed, standing in front of me in her glorious nakedness. She dipped her finger in the wine, and applied it to the nipple of her left breast, which she then placed in my mouth for consumption. She repeated this with the right, and then back and forth until her nipples were fully hard, and standing well out from her dark areoles.

After pushing me back on the bed, she quickly removed my clothes and laid them on a convenient chair before pulling me to my feet. Kneeling in front of me, she took my rapidly hardening cock, dipped it into her glass of wine, and then lovingly sucked it off. She did this four or five times until my cock was fully erect and throbbing. She downed the rest of the wine, and then shoved my cock into her mouth and down her throat. Time and time again, she pulled, pushed, and swallowed my cock until her lips touched my balls.

But I wanted more. I pulled my cock out of her mouth, pulled her to her feet, and rolled her onto her back on the bed with her hips on the edge. I pushed her legs apart, knelt in front of her, and began to lick and suck her cunt, frequently tonguing her clit, and shoving my tongue as far into her as possible. I sucked her clit between my lips and strummed it over and over again with my tongue until her rapid breathing and writhing body told me that an orgasm was imminent. 

She screamed with the explosion, and her cum poured out of her cunt, into my mouth and onto her own ass. I continued to lick and suck, and she continued to cum. I took my thumb and began massaging her ass with her own cum, using circular movements to arouse her and help her to open up. Just as she was about to cum again, I slid my thumb into her ass, and she got off harder and louder than the previous orgasms.

I stood up between her legs, pulling her as far on to the edge of the bed as possible, and rammed my entire ten-inch cock into her now saturated cunt. It caused an almost instant orgasm, and two more quickly followed. She pushed me away, dropped back to her knees, and once again took my cock into her mouth, luxuriating in how easily it slipped into her mouth and down her throat, coated with her own juices.

She stood up, turned around, and got on her knees on the bed. "Fuck my ass. I have got to have your cock up my ass. I want you to cum in it."

I took my time so as not to hurt her, but as lubricated and dripping wet as she was, I had very little trouble sliding my ample cock into her tight ass. I began with gentle strokes, but then began to pick up speed, pulling farther out with each stroke, and driving home with more force. She was slamming her ass back against my cock to make sure she had every inch of it imbedded in her. Amazingly, she had another orgasm while I was ass-fucking her! 

I was so far gone at that point that it took less than five minutes until I exploded, shooting a big wad of cum deep into her. We collapsed together on the bed, and lay there until my cock retreated from its warm resting place. We got up, showered, and tumbled back into bed together, both of us falling soundly asleep.

I was awakened, a few hours later, by the expert sucking of my cock, which had me as hard as a rock. I lifted my head from the pillow, and was surprised to see that it was Donna who was sucking me off for all she was worth, rather than Emily. It was incredible, probably the best head I had ever gotten. Donna expertly worked her tongue up and down my shaft, periodically sucking my balls, and toying with my ass. With a sudden move that caught me off guard, she shoved my cock all the way into her mouth and down her throat. She held onto me, sucking me hard, her tongue constantly stimulating me. I felt the tension start to build, and I soon shot a wad of cum down her throat. She carefully licked off all remnants of my cum, and then crawled up next to me on the bed, where she promptly fell asleep.

I noticed that Emily was still sleeping peacefully at my side. I briefly wondered how Jack was doing, but, at the moment, I honestly didn't care.

I woke up a few hours later to find both women still asleep at my side. I jumped in the shower, again, where Donna soon joined me.

"Your cock was just as nice as Emily told me it would be," she cooed as she soaped up her hands and lovingly washed my burgeoning hard-on. "And, I enjoyed tasting you!"

She gently washed my balls before turning her attention to her own cunt. I stood in the shower, watching her, as she plunged her fingers in and out of her cunt, all the time massaging her clit, as she worked herself up to a well-earned orgasm. This was the first time I had gotten to see her completely naked, and she was fantastic, from the pretty face, and well-formed, firm breasts with their impossibly erect nipples, down to her shapely ass sitting atop her long legs. I hoped to see more of her, literally.

We went back to the bed just as Emily hopped out, saying she was headed to the shower, and asking us to wait for her. She rejoined us in less than ten minutes, and came straight over to the bed, knowing that all eyes were on her beautiful, naked body. She climbed up onto the bed, and came straight up to me where she began caressing my mouth with tongue-filled kisses, enough to get the blood surging back into my cock. To my surprise, and delight, she next climbed over onto Donna where the two of them shared one of the hottest kisses I had ever seen in my life. Their nipples were hard, nearly distended, and their breasts were pressed hard together. They were both moaning and writhing, and my cock got even harder.

Emily lay between us on the bed, and proffered each of us one of her nipples, and we hungrily accepted her invitation. While I continued sucking her breasts and nipples, Donna worked her way down Emily's abdomen until she was able to gently and lovingly kiss Emily's cunt. She began to lick along her labia until she finally reached the throbbing clit that was awaiting her attention. Donna soon had Emily writhing under her ministrations, and Emily grabbed Donna's head, seemingly trying to pull her even harder into her cunt. She screamed as the orgasm wracked her body, her breasts heaving, and her hips gyrating in response to Donna's tongue,

"Let me suck you," she said to me.

I got up and straddled her while Donna continued to eat her cunt. Emily grabbed my cock with both hands, and hungrily stuffed it into her mouth. Her head began moving up and down with increasing speed as Donna brought her closer and closer to another orgasm. Emily came twice in rapid suggestion, on each occasion pulling the head of my cock all the way into her throat as the wild orgasms washed over her.

I more felt than saw the door open, and Jack came sauntering into the room. His cock jumped to attention as soon as he saw the incredible tableau.

"I wondered what was going on in here."

He stepped around behind Donna, lined up his cock with the entrance to her cunt, and slammed all the way home. This caused Donna's mouth to momentarily release its grip on Emily's cunt. Emily remedied this by grabbing Donna's head and pulling it back to her swollen cunt. Jack continued to pound Donna, and Emily continued to give me an unbelievable blowjob!

Emily came again, and Donna was right behind her as Jack was, apparently, doing a thorough job of reaming out her cunt. I saw Jack pull his ample cock out of Donna's cunt, and then climb up behind her on the bed. He slipped his fingers into her soaking wet pussy, and smeared her cum on her ass. He lined up the head of his cock with her ass, grabbed her by the hair, pulling her head back and away from Emily's cunt, and then drove the full length of his cock into her ass. 
