 I didn't want to go back home for Thanksgiving. It was always such a pain in the ass. But I hadn't seen my family in about a year, so I made the 6-hour drive on Wednesday so I could eat some turkey with everyone the next evening. 

Once I made it to Mom and Dad's I hung out there for awhile, but I was ready for a drink. No doubt about where I was going, as my hometown only had 1 bar for the younger crowd. It was packed when I walked in. 

The night before Thanksgiving is a busy night and there was a reunion-like atmosphere. I saw some familiar faces and it was shaping up to be a good night. I had just ordered a beer when I was wrapped up with a hug. As I turned to see who it was, I suddenly had a mouth full of tongue. An old girlfriend of mine, Karen, was there. 

"Bill, I can't believe you're here! It's so good to see you." We had a fast and intense relationship that didn't end badly; it just ran its course. She was awesome though. Confident and unlike any other girl I had dated. In fact, she was extremely sexual and even a little slutty. 

For example, when we started dating, she would come up to my work and suck my dick in my car in the parking lot. We would make plans and when I arrived to pick her up she would be naked on her couch, watching porn and masturbating, and then tell me to start eating her pussy, "Right now!" 

She taught me exactly how she liked things and made me a better sexual partner. I couldn't get enough of her big, soft tits. We experimented a lot together too. Karen let me fuck her in the ass. We took pictures, which I still have and jerk off to. She had me shave her pussy, which was always fun. And she let me cum on her wherever I wanted. 

"Karen, you look awesome." I had nothing but good memories of her and when I saw her at the bar and got that kiss I knew it was going to be a fun night. Little did I know what was in store.

So the kiss happened and I returned the hug with my hands going right up her torso to discreetly feel some side boob. We talked for a second and she grabbed my hand and told me to follow her. We made our way around the bar and sat at a high table on the other side. 

Just as I sat down, a guy turned from the bar with two drinks in his hands. He smiled and put them down on the table. 

Karen said, "Honey, this is an old friend, Bill. Bill, this is my boyfriend, Mike." Fuck. I thought I was going to get some pussy tonight. There goes that plan. But what was up with the kiss? I should leave. All of these thoughts went through my head. 

But as I sat at the table we were all talking; it was relaxed and somehow not at all awkward. Mike was cool. We had a lot in common and discovered we had some mutual friends. Karen did a lot of touching of both of us and Mike didn't seem to mind. 

The crowd started to thin; it was last call before I knew it. Karen asked me to come back to her parents' house for another drink. Her parents' house is close to my parents' house. Her family was celebrating Thanksgiving at their beach house and they were already there, so her parents' house was empty. 

I walked in and Mike gave me a beer. We stayed in the kitchen, with Mike sitting on the counter. He and Karen were stealing kisses during our conversation. I started feeling like a third wheel so I decided I would soon make an exit. 

I went to the bathroom and was planning my goodbye when I walked back in the kitchen. Mike was still sitting on the counter; Karen was standing in front of him and facing me, topless. 

Mike had his hands around her tits and looked at me and said, "Hey Bill, how much do you miss seeing these?" I couldn't believe it. Karen had had her nipples pierced since I last saw those beautiful D cup titties. 

Trying to play it cool I said, "Well, I'm not going to lie. Those are my favorite tits. Love the nipple rings, by the way." 

Karen smiled and Mike said, "She wanted to show you. I am totally cool with it. Go ahead and reacquaint yourself with them." I stepped forward and Mike let go of those beautiful tits. My hands went right to them. I licked her nipples and pulled on the nipple rings with my tongue. 

It was hot. I let go and Karen grabbed my face and kissed me again. I kept my eyes open and looked at Mike. He just smiled and gave me a thumbs up. Karen then sunk to her knees and started unbuckling my belt. 

Mike and I were now face to face as he sat on the counter and I stood in front of him with Karen pulling my pants down between us. He was still smiling and I was just trying to process all of this. My dick didn't need any processing time though, and stood straight out at its full 6 inches. Karen took it right in her mouth and started giving me one of her excellent blow jobs. 

I didn't really know what to say so I just looked at Mike and said, "I missed this, too." 

He laughed and said, "Yeah man, I bet you did. Karen told me about how she used to suck your dick all the time. Enjoy it man."

After a couple of minutes, Karen stood up and turned around and said to Mike, "You know what I want, right?" They started kissing. My immediate thought was damn, my cock was just in her mouth. She was licking my balls and now her tongue is in Mike's mouth. Well, whatever. Not my problem.

Karen turned to me and told me to follow her. I had to take my pants the rest of the way off so I could walk. Mike hopped down off the kitchen counter. We went to the living room. I had fucked Karen on the couch so many times. 

It was a big sectional. We used to do it quietly while watching a movie so her parents didn't know. She told me to sit down in a corner spot. 

She took her pants off so she was naked again. Her pussy was completely shaved and looked beautiful. She slid a finger up her slit and then as she got on her knees in front of me she put that finger in my mouth. Her pussy still tasted so good. She had resumed sucking my dick but I had to have more of that cunt. 

So I stopped her and said, "We need to switch places." Mike was standing there not objecting, so I got up and she sat down. I dove in and stuck my tongue right in her pussy. She slid to the edge of the couch and I put my hands up to help her spread her legs. 

She was moaning right away and grabbed the back of my head, shoving it in her crotch. "Yes, yes, yes, I'm going to cum. Yes!!!!!!!!" 

That didn't take long. I slowed down my licking, but was still in her pussy. Mike was moving the end table and lamp that were next to the couch.

Karen was looking at him and said, "Give me that big cock." I looked up as Mike pulled his jeans down. Holy shit. I had never seen a dick that big. It was porn star huge. A thick 8 or 9 inches. Karen wrapped her lips around it and started slobbering up and down on it while jerking it with her hand. 

I kept licking her pussy and soon she was moaning again. Mike said, "Yeah Bill, make her cum again while she sucks my dick."

I put a finger inside her and licked her clit while she moaned. She briefly took Mike's dick out of her mouth to tell us she was cumming again. After she settled down, she told me to get on the couch again. She stood and I sat right where she had been. 

I was feeling pretty exposed with my average dick sticking up and Mike's monster cock swinging around. Karen turned around and sat down on my cock. She was so wet that she sank right down on it. 

Mike stood in front of her and she started sucking him again. She was slowly grinding down on my dick, not really going up and down but more side to side. It felt great. 

Then I heard her say, "Ready to get on your knees?" 

Mike said, "Yeah, I know what you want. You ready?" Karen leaned back and told me to watch this. Mike was on his knees in front of us and with my cock buried in Karen's cunt, he began licking her clit. She was loving it. 

"Fuck yeah, lick my pussy," she said. We were cheek to cheek and she started kissing me. Then she looked right at me and said, "I want to see you lick Bill's balls."

It happened so fast I couldn't even object. Mike was licking my nut sack and the bottom of the base of my cock on his way up to the top of Karen's pussy. That's when she started sliding up and down on my dick, exposing more of it for Mike. He kept running his tongue up and down. Karen started raising her hips high and my dick eventually came out of her pussy. 

That's when she said, "Put it in your mouth." Mike looked at me and put his mouth over my cock. Karen was smiling and cheering him on. 

"Oh baby you look so good with that dick in your mouth. C'mon, let me see you slap it against your tongue." Mike followed her directions as she instructed. 

So here I was getting a blow job from some guy. My old girlfriend was kissing me and cheering him on. And I was loving it. Karen told Mike to put my dick back inside her. He did, and less than 30 seconds later I had to tell them that I was ready to cum. 

Karen hopped off me and knelt next to Mike. I stood up and started stroking my cock. Karen said, "Oh yeah, I want you to cum on our faces. As much as you can. I want you to spray both of us with your cum." 

As soon as I heard that I exploded and shot my load, getting most of it on Karen's face and some on Mike's neck. Karen put her hand on the back of Mike's head and he leaned in and put my dick back in his mouth. 

I could barely stand up at this point. Also, I started feeling a little weird about the whole thing. 

When I sat down, Karen stood up. Mike stood and leaned Karen over the end of the couch. He started pounding her from behind with his giant cock. I actually got up so I could get a look from his vantage point. I still couldn't believe the size of that dick. 

In a minute or so he started moaning and Karen said, "Cum inside me." In response he said, "Fuck I'm cumming!!!" After he was done, he pulled out and his dick was wet and still big. 

He turned, faced me, and said, "Holy shit man, that was awesome." I just laughed and shook my head in agreement. Karen got up and went to the bathroom. Mike and I were just standing there.

After a moment, I walked back to the kitchen to grab my boxer briefs and slid them on. I saw Mike's boxers and handed them to him. As he was turning them right side out, I watched him. I couldn't help it: I really wanted to touch his cock. 

Under the guise of horseplay, I reached out and swatted lightly at that big piece of meat. I said, "Jesus Mike, if I had a dick this big I would never wear pants."

He laughed and turned it towards me. I reached out again and held it for a second. "Stop making me feel bad about myself," I jokingly said.

I let go of his cock and he said, "I like yours a lot, in case you didn't notice. Thanks for being so cool about everything. Karen and I have talked about doing something like that a lot and when she saw you walk in the bar she told me it might go down tonight. That was hot." 

He still had not put his boxers on, and his dick looked like it had started growing again. I couldn't believe I had grabbed it and now other thoughts were racing through my brain. I just wasn't ready to deal with them, so I finished getting dressed. When Karen came back in I told them I had to go. 

Karen, still naked, hugged me and I kissed her for at least a minute. She told me how awesome that was and that some of her fantasies had been fulfilled. I told them both that I had a great time and left. 

This all happened about 12 years ago and I have never had another experience like it. I would say 90% of the time when I masturbate, I am thinking about that night. Usually, the fantasy continues with Mike and I DP'ing Karen and me always getting a better hold of Mike's cock. 

Hope you all enjoyed. Thanks MaryJon for your assist.