 I am Lilith's boyfriend at this point in time, not yet her husband. Like in her previous exploits, we are adapting this one from her journal/diary entries. Since I was there for this one, she allows me to write to this forum.

Jack and Marie were friends of ours that lived in Walnut Grove, California. This Jack is unrelated to the Jack of other tales. Marie worked with Lilith in Sacramento. 

Jack is a kindred spirit. Unknown to me at the moment he has sexually adventurous wife, but manages to tolerate and even celebrate her hedonistic nature like I do Lil's. I think he really wants to see Lilith naked and likewise I am interested in Marie sans clothes. Jack, I think, is trying to figure how he can make that work. So, as it happens he is about to get more than he thought possible. He and Marie join us for dinner at Slocum House in Carmichael then they invite us to their place for turtle pie and hot tub. It is a bit of a drive so we stop at Lilith's place to get casual before proceeding to J&M's.

Hot tub engagements are always a bit awkward. Should you bring a bathing suit? No, according to Lil. I bring my trunks anyway, you never know. We arrive to their rustic 2-story condo, sit down for some conversation, cannabis and turtle pie (A delightful combo, by-the-way). Jack & Marie are in their bathrobes. I didn't need the trunks.

We stride off to the hot tub. I bring my camera but promise to shoot only when everyone is hidden below the water. J&M strip their robes and hop in. Lilith and I take a bit longer to remove our street clothes.

Now let me tell you something about my future wife. She is Ailurophobic. That is, she has an unexplainable and irrational fear of cats. Of course J&M have a cat. So for her to be calm and comfortable the cat is put into a bedroom upstairs. Why I'm telling you this will be explained later.

Lilly and I hop in the tub and we stay as couples on opposite sides continuing our conversation. Jack though has accomplished his first goal. It was almost too easy. Lil is darker than the rest of us. Not a lot but she is exotic for the time. It provides for a bit of diversity and excitement.

After 10 minutes or so I am too hot and hop out to get my camera. Lil swims across to get into a photo with J&M. Jack puts his arms around both girls and now has, apparently, a new goal. I can tell by his hand inching ever closer to Lil's boob.

I know Lil is game and it is obvious that Jack is up for it, but what about Marie. I seek permission.

"Jack wants to feel-up Lilith, is that OK?" I ask Marie and thus give my acquiescence. 

Marie laughs and says; "Of course."

At this point I can't see anything that's going on underwater but I infer some things and get the rest from Lilith's journal. Jack's hand moves to underneath her arm and clutches a breast while they look over at one another and then kiss a rather passionate kiss. 

Deep breath, I'm cool. I get excitement from men scoping out my Lily but this is new. I don't know if it is excitement or jealousy. I take a few more pictures and keep an eye on Marie. She though, is busy giving Jack a hand job. Stoned as we are this doesn't seem to be all that unusual. 

Lil leans in and takes his cock from Marie. She and Marie proceed to a similar kiss with enthusiasm and tongues. 

This is my first time seeing Lilith kiss a woman or having sex with another man. She has told me about her first bi-sexual encounter with Bonnie and their threesome with Greg. I am prepared but not really. My excitement though, is obvious. I hop into the hot tub again but as of yet I do not interfere. 

Marie pulls my girlfriend over onto Jack's lap. Lil spreads her legs to either side of his and presses her butt in. Jack holds onto both breasts above the waterline. Marie holds his cock against Lilith's pussy and massages one against the other. Lilith is delighted and pulls Marie to her breast. Jack removes his hand so she has unfettered access. Marie sucks aggressively and Lilith is correspondingly roused. She squirms and quivers as Marie rubs Jack's cock which is rubbing Lil's pussy. It is thrilling to watch her taking the pleasure and climbing to ecstasy. 

I've known Lilith since her divorce from her first husband who wasn't accepting of this wanton behavior. Idiot. Lil has told me a lot of her experiences before we were an item. I should have suspected that during our early relationship those experiences continued. But mostly I am unaware until years later after we are married and she gives me full access to her journal. It takes me awhile to accept she had deceived me but I understand why. Like any affair or tryst one wants to keep it secret in order not to upset the trajectory of the "regular" relationship. She didn't want to lose me. So, while she was feeding her own desires and ego and pursuing pleasures without me she still wants a future with me. 

Back in the hot tub Marie has presented her breasts to Lil. Watching her suck on Marie is giving me such a raging hard-on. Marie leans in to Lil's ear and whispers. I'm not sure even Jack could hear but I find out from the journal that she asked Lilith if she wants to fuck Jack. Lil's response is positive, but whispers back for Marie to ask me to get a condom from Lil's shoe. Yes that is where she keeps them. When she does ask me I know where this is headed and hop out as instructed. The women are in charge and I am enjoying it.

Jack is up on the edge of the hot tub. Both girls take a turn sucking his cock for a moment. In a cooperative fashion they put his cock between both of their mouths. Their lips meet across the shaft. I actually am amazed at myself for not freaking out. I am more interested in seeing Lilith perform and receive. My solid cock is signaling permission for Lily to go ahead with their plan. So Marie applies the rubber to Jack. I can see that he and I are on par when comparing dimensions. Both of us are average white American males. He drops back in the water with a look of complete and utter joy on his face, like he is just approaching the rush of a long steep descent on a roller coaster ride. I, on the other hand worry if that condom will last in the hot water. 

Back on his lap Lily raises up a bit and Marie aims his phallus in the right direction. Lil leans forward with her hands on his knees and slowly descends and you can see the pleasure in her expression. Her eyes are shut, head is turned, she leans back on Jack's chest and she is biting her lip. She lets out an audible ahhhh as she raises one arm and puts her hand behind his neck. Jack holds her breasts but watches as Marie massages Lil's pussy. Lil rolls, rises and descends keeping the unfamiliar cock within her. 

Marie turns Lil's face to her and gives her a deep messy kiss. She also changes from pussy massage to testicle petrissage. Jack moves an arm around and bear hugs the duo. 

If I were Jack I would have come by now, but I think he is holding on somehow.

Marie stands and straddles the pair. Lil is face level with her pussy and takes the bait by licking the length of her cleft. Jack has ahold of Marie's butt now as she bends to suck-face with him. 

I think I'm going to come before any of them and no one is even touching me! Just then Marie does come with a loud exclamation but holds Jack's ears and intense stare. Then Lil goes while Jack takes charge of pumping and she plays with her own clitoris. But she adroitly keeps tonguing Marie. I could have missed Jack's orgasm since I'm watching the women. 

Marie falls into the tub like a ship being launched and floats right over to me. I'm pretty sure I won't hold out long if she touches my cock. She spreads my legs and cups the pouch of my testicles in her hand. I hold her breast and what a fine breast it is. It is compact and firm but more than a handful. The nipple is oval and relaxed due to the warm tub. She slides up my chest, grabs the back of my head gives me an enthusiastic kiss while still holding on to my sack. I wonder how I fared compared to the other two she kissed this night. Lilith comes off of Jack turns around over him and reinserts his cock in some Cirque du Soleil move. They hold on tightly to each other and flow out to the middle of the hot tub showing me their entwined profile.

Marie tells me to sit on the edge of the tub. I know what's next. I know it will be very short. And I tell Marie so. She laughs and says it is OK. Just beyond Marie's head as she starts to bob I see a tremendous sight. Lily is leaned away from Jack with her legs locked straight out from either side forming a 'V' against his loins. Her toes are pointing like a ballerina. She has her hands clasped behind Jack's neck. He has a hand behind her neck and one holding her bottom. He attempts the old in/out but she just moves with him. He changes to lifting her up and down with both hands on her butt while she assists with her hands still around his neck. Her breasts though heave and lob every which way but those legs stay rigid in their formation.

I lean back on my elbow and as I predicted I erupt in moments. It isn't pretty. The buildup to this moment must have stored a history making amount of ejaculate because it just keeps going. I am paralyzed like someone holding a hot lead and ground. Marie takes all she can then uncouples dropping all she hadn't had time to swallow on to me. She grabs hold of my cock with her hand and pumps until it is all out. The only noise I make is a rather muted yeeeeeah. Jack and Lilith re-entwined, stop to watch, and then clap as Marie stands, turns, smiles, wipes her chin and bows to the audience. I wish I could have reached out and touched her butt that was facing me but I was still incapacitated.

Lilith wants another orgasm and lets everyone know. The condom is holding up well apparently. Later I find out that Jack came even before the condom was put on. Despite this he is able to help Lilith wring out two climaxes. As Jack is standing in the middle of the tub with Lil mounted on him she starts trotting. Marie floats over and holds Lil's compact tits tightly and presses into her back as she is bouncing. Marie pinches each of Lilith's nipples hard and Lil orgasms again. She is not quiet about it. The neighbors definitely know what's going on. Jack and Marie are stunned by the expression. I'm quite used to it. No brag, just fact.

Lilith does not like me to pinch. Something in this situation has changed that for the moment.

This was an exciting introduction to an exciting relationship with another couple. We have several such date nights over the next couple of years. Jack and I always leave it to the girls to have their way. I will have my chance to make love to Marie (or her to me!) and, at times, have both girls playing with my cock as they did Jack's. In fact, on one such occasion only Marie, Lily and I go for a ride along the American River Bike Trail on our cruisers. I'll tell that story later. This friendship lasts until we each start families and business takes us away. 

Oh, and about the cat. After the fun that night we relax in the bubbling water of the hot tub and chat. J&M's cat appears on the deck off their 2nd floor bedroom directly above the hot tub. Lilith starts to freak and wants to get out. I calm her down a bit by claiming cats don't like water and he'll just stay up there. Of course no sooner had the words left my mouth than the cat has dropped into the hot tub. His paws and claws are thrashing the already turbulent water trying to get out. Lilith has her paws and claws thrashing the turbulent water trying to get out as well. Both escape in either direction while Jack, Marie and I are captivated in stunned amazement. It pretty much ends the evening as Lilith is dressed for departure before I can even get out of the hot tub. 

Long past the excitement I find watching Lil with Jack & Marie, I find excitement in reading of the other adventures Lilith had before and after we met. Rather than be jealous I am aroused. I find that it is a far better way to keep her with me. The benefits are extraordinary.