 Well, there's not a lot more to tell about that Christmas. Jessie and her dad didn't sleep together any more. I guess they got each other out of their systems. And Jeff and Sara were perfectly willing to go back to the status quo, too. But Jessie seemed a lot more open to Elly and me than she ever was before. I was so happy for that, because she's a really sweet girl at heart. 

Jeff needed to get back to Stanford, so he left a couple of days after Christmas. But we couldn't just stick him on a plane without a going-away party! Instead, Elly and I gave him a marathon fuck-fest in the master bedroom, while Paul and Sara took the guest room and Jessie slept on the foldaway. He came four times: once with his dick between Elly's breasts, once apiece in our cunts, and once in my mouth. That last one was an accident. It was his last cum, and he orgasmed while I was trying to suck him back to hardness, and it went off while he was still soft. In between cock, Elly and I got each other off with our usual dexterity as he watched. We all made solemn promises that none of us would ever be excluded from the others' beds, and sealed it with kisses beyond count. Then we all dozed off. 

We were awakened by a knock on the door at five in the morning. It was Paul, reminding us that Jeff had to leave at six to catch his plane. So we trooped downstairs while Jeff was in the shower, and made a quick breakfast for him. Then it was another round of kisses, and he was gone with Paul to the airport.

Elly and I went back to bed, but I couldn't sleep, so I got up and had a second breakfast with Sara, Jessie, and Paul (who'd just gotten back from the airport). It was then that Paul said, "Hey, Emily. Didn't you say you had a tennis game today?"

"Oh, shit! I forgot! I have to be at the gym at two!"

"Well, you'd better shower and get ready."

"You have a tennis game?" Elly said. "Even during Christmas break?"

"Yeah. It's a new girl, from Texas. Freshman. The coach thought it would be a good idea for me to play her, so he could get an idea of how she plays and where she'd fit in on the team. I said, 'Sure.'"

And that's how we all ended up in the gym, with me playing tennis and the family in the stands. My opponent was a big, powerful Black girl named Joyce, who'd transferred from some college in Texas. She was a tennis player in the new mode, relying on power rather than finesse, and before long I regretted not getting the sleep I needed the night before. It was all I could do to keep up with her powerful volleys. 

We played two sets. We tied the first one, and I won the second, but just barely. In the shower room, I got a chance to chat with Joyce and discovered that she was a wonderful lady. 

"You know, if that last set had lasted fifteen minutes longer, you'd have won. You just about had me worn down!"

"Get out, girl! I've heard about you. You don't wear down that easy! Even after you should be on your knees, they say you find some more energy somewhere. I have never, never, never played anybody who gave me the game that you did."

"Well, I had a ... strenuous night last night. I was really running on empty that last set."

"Girl, if you were running on empty, I'm thanking my stars I didn't play you when your tank was full!"

The family met me outside the locker room. Elly gave me a big hug. "Emily, you were amazing! All the time, you seemed to know where the ball was going even before it left her racquet! You reminded me of Yoda in that Star Wars movie, when he fought Count Whatever-his-name-was. You were everywhere!"

"Aw, thanks, Elly! That girl was really good. I think she could go pro. I thought I'd lose that last game."

"Why?"

"She was just too powerful. My game relies more on dexterity than power. She was wearing me down. But I guess she was getting tired, too, because she started making mistakes. And that's how you really win games, by making fewer mistakes than your opponent."

"True in any sport, Emily. Trust me!"

"But if she learns from her mistakes, she'll be unbeatable. And I know something else, too."

"What's that?"

"That I want to get into the hot tub the minute we get home. My calves are killing me!"

So we arrived, shucked our clothes, and went into the tub room. By now, Jessie was perfectly comfortable about being naked around us, and we spent a half hour in idle chatter. Then came dinner, a DVD, and bed-time. Elly wanted to sleep with Paul and Sara, so I took the guest bedroom. How strange ... it was the first time I'd slept alone since Elly came home.

I found that I couldn't sleep, so I got up and went into the hot tub room for another soak. When I was in there, Jessie came in.

"Couldn't sleep, Emily?"

"No. I'm still too wired from that game."

"I couldn't either. Can I use the tub, too?"

"Sure! Any time!"

She slipped off her robe, folded it, and put it on one of the benches. Then she came into the tub. We sat there in silence, letting the swirling water relax us.

Then Jessie spoke. "Emily, thanks so much for the vibrator. It's so much better than my old one."

"So you've had a chance to use it?" 

"Have I ever! It's not quite like a boyfriend, but it's close. And a lot more convenient, too!" We laughed.

"Emily..."

"Mmmm?"

"When I said I wanted to thank you, I meant that I wanted to thank you."

"What do you mean?"

"Emily ... would you like me to kiss you?"

I gave her a long, hard look. Well, I have a reputation for going for broke, and I sure lived up to it then.

"Only if I can suck on your tits, too. But I thought you weren't gay."

"I thought I wasn't a lot of things. Until last week. Now I don't know what I am."

I got up, moved to her side, and hugged her. "You're Jessie. That's all you need to be."

"Goddamn it, Emily! In the past week, I've screwed my brother! I screwed my father! I can't believe it. I thought I had morals. Now, I don't know."

"They both wanted it. They wanted to give you that opportunity to learn about yourself, even more than they wanted your body. You know that, don't you?"

"I guess so. It's like what you said before. We have needs, we communicate them, we help each other fill them. Right?"

"Right! You have a sister's needs, and you have a daughter's needs, and you have a woman's needs. How lucky you are to have a family that thinks that each of those needs is as important as the other, and tries to satisfy each one of them."

"I know. I know that now. I'm still getting used to it, though."

She paused. "There's something else, too. When I came home last summer, and found that you had become part of the family, I was upset, because I didn't know how to fit you in. My parents' mistress? Friend? Possible sister-in-law? I see now that I was wrong. You don't fit into pigeonholes, Emily."

"I can be whatever you want me to be."

"Can you be my sister?"

"I can try. I want to try. I've never had a sister before."

"My lover?"

"Do you want that?"

"I don't know. But I do know that you can be many things, all at once. And I know that if I were ever to take a female lover, it would have to be somebody like you."

"Then give me that kiss."

And she did. It was very tender at first, exploratory. She'd never kissed another woman before, and she needed a little reassurance. But gradually she got more playful, and more open. I put my hand on her breast lightly, caressing her nipple with my open palm, as I'd seen Jeff do. She giggled, and then her open palm grazed my own erect nipple. We teased each other like that for several long, sensual minutes. Then I asked her, "Can I suck on those tits now?"

"Yes. Please." So my lips left hers, traveled down her chin and neck to her right shoulder, and then down to that splendid breast. I took the nipple into my mouth, sucked on it. A dream come true! I felt it harden in my mouth. Then I felt a hand on my ass, stroking it. She was getting into it! Hallelujah!

Then we heard someone clearing her throat, and looked up.

It was Elly. She was standing in the door, her robe open and her fingers on her own nipples. "Am I disturbing something? If so, I'll go back to bed."

"Do you mind company?" I asked Jessie.

"Not if it's Elly," she replied. So we motioned for her to join us. Without a word, she slipped into the tub and took Jessie's left nipple into her mouth. Together we sucked. Jessie's other hand, the one that wasn't on my ass, went down to her cunt and started stroking it. I put my hand on Elly's pussy, and felt her hand on mine. Hallelujah! Hallelujah!

Elly came first, as usual. She's such a slut; that's why I love her. Then, to my surprise, came Jessie. The feel of two tongues on those long, super-sensitive nips of hers was too much for her to bear, and she shuddered as she climaxed. It was a while before she spoke.

"Wow! Damn. That was different! I mean, nobody's sucked my nips to an orgasm before. Guys just do it to get me in the mood so they can screw me. They never take the time to do it right."

"Glad to be of service, ma'am," I said with what I hoped was a passable Texas twang. "Anything else Ah can do for yew, li'l lady?"

Elly tried to slap my as under the water, but it didn't work, of course, so she just pinched it instead.

"No," Jessie said. "I'm just fine. But you didn't cum, did you?"

"Well, no, but I'm so happy you came. And Elly, too."

"Well, let's get you into bed. Elly, would you teach me how to eat pussy? Emily's pussy?" 

"Do you mean it?" 

"Shit, yes. I owe her an orgasm. In fact, I owe her a dozen of them, at least. Emily, you've changed my life. I can't say..." And then she started crying. 

We let her snuffle a little, stroking her hair and back. Then she smiled at us through her tears.

"A week ago I didn't have any sisters. Now I have two of them. Elly, would you be my sister, too?" 

"I would be honored, dear. I always thought of you as a little sister. But I didn't think you felt that way about me."

"I did and I didn't. Sometimes you were like an older sister, and sometimes you were like another mother. And you were fucking my parents, too. I didn't know what to think."

"Well, I'm still fucking your parents, but I'll never be your mother, and I'd like to be your sister."

Jessie kissed her. "Done. And, sisters of mine, let's get out of here and into bed. We've got to get Emily off."

And they did. I didn't think the guest bed was big enough to accommodate us, but we managed. No sooner did I dry myself than my new sisters frog-walked me to the guest bedroom and threw me on the bed. Then it was two mouths on my own booblets, sucking them. Jessie sucked like Sara did, hard and fierce, and Elly did the same. Then the mouths left my tits and traveled south, ending up together at my cunt. Elly showed Jessie how I liked my pussy licked, and Jessie was a fast learner. My oh my. I came like Old Faithful. Then it was Jessie's turn to be licked. She was still on the tail end of her period, so she protested when Elly grabbed the string of her tampon and pulled it out. But Elly would not be denied; she immediately clamped her mouth on Jessie's cunt and plunged her tongue into the bloody hole. That set Jessie off again, louder than before. Shaky though I was from my own orgasm, I couldn't resist latching my lips onto one of Jessie's nipples and giving it all the suction I could. By the time Elly and I were through, Jessie was a quivering blob of Jell-O. Her breaths came hard and ragged. She had a wild look in her eyes, as if she was astonished at the force of her climax. 

"Damn! So that's Lesbian love. You know, I think I could get used to that!"

"Is it as good as cock?" Elly asked. 

"I dunno. Different. Definitely different. God, I wish guys could give head like that."

"You have to teach them how, but they'll learn. Didn't Paul give you head?"

"No. I wouldn't let him. Silly me! Silly, silly me!"

"Well, I'm sure he'd love to show you what he knows. And Jeff's coming along nicely, with Emily and me coaching him. If you want another crack at him, let us know."

"No, thanks. But you've definitely given me a new mission in life. New frontiers in male education!"

I spoke up. "If you're going to teach the art of eating pussy, you have to pass the final exam. I think you should show Elly what you've learned."

"Right you are! How do you want to do this?"

"Let me sit up against the headboard. Elly, get in front of me, so I can play with your boobs. Jessie, get between her legs and show her how good you are." And that's how we all fit onto that bed, with me playing with Elly's breasts and Jessie at Elly's cunt. Elly was a happy, happy girl, she was, and showed it with a climax that damn near knocked her out of the bed.

It was a while before Elly had the breath to speak. Then she said, "Not bad for your first time, Jessie. I think you've passed the final." I nodded vigorously.

"So am I an official Lesbian now?" 

"Only one thing left to do," I said.

"What's that?" 

"You still have to send in that form, with the six dollars..."

And we all hugged, tit to tit to tit.

Jessie left the next morning for OSU. We packed up her little Echo with all the luggage she'd brought, plus a few Christmas presents (including a rabbit vibe that Elly gave her, still in the box). Elly herself left a few weeks later, her new visa having come through. And so it was just Paul, Sara, and me again. There were long talks with Jeff on the phone, and emails every day. We tried doing some "virtual sex" stuff, using the cameras on our Macs, but it just wasn't the same, and made me yearn for the real thing. I flew out to California for Easter break, and he showed me the San Francisco Bay area by day and fucked me wobbly by night. I knew that he would be my husband someday, and he was starting to suspect that, too. Of course, when he proposes, it will be his idea. He's made it clear that he'd have no problems with my continuing to fuck his parents. In fact, it was he who suggested that we all do a four-way next summer, so he can watch Paul and Sara fuck, and then Sara and me. He's such a perv, but hey, like father like son.

There's one small detail, though. To paraphrase Police Chief Brody, "I think we're gonna need a bigger bed..."