 Emily again. Well, things just keep getting stranger and stranger. But not, I assure you, in a bad way. You'll see.

The rest of the summer went by in a flash. Jeff left for Stanford in mid-August, driving out in plenty of time to get there and set up his living arrangements. The guest bedroom got pretty lonely after that, so I moved back upstairs with Paul and Sara. When I talked about moving back into the dorm in September, they wouldn't hear of it. I was sure glad to save the money the dorm would have cost, since my tennis scholarship didn't cover that expense.

There was one dark note in that whole summer. Just before school started, Jessie came back from Europe. Her resemblance to her mother Sara was startling; although she took after Paul with her brunette hair, her form and features were Sara through and through. She stayed with us for a couple of days until she left for her junior year at OSU.

But we didn't get along. In fact, the first thing she said to me when we were alone was: "Look, girl. I know you've been fucking my father and mother, and I know you've been fucking my brother, but you're not going to fuck me." Her eyes flashed as she spit out the words.

"Look, Jessie," I began, but she cut me off.

"The rest of my family thinks you're hot shit, but that doesn't mean I have to. I'm not going to end up as another notch on your bedpost. Got that?"

"Got it," I said. Then she walked out of the room, leaving me there in a storm of emotions. What did I say to provoke that outburst? What did I do? 

At dinner, no mention of it was made. She was the perfect sweet daughter. She didn't speak to me at all, except to ask me to pass the salt. The next day, she left for school.

I took the opportunity to tell Sara about the exchange and ask what might have caused it. She told me that Jessie had learned that her boyfriend had been seeing somebody else over the summer without telling her, and she might have been taking some of that anger out on me. Well, that figured. 

That fall went pretty much like the summer before it. I missed Jeff terribly, but I was getting plenty of sex, from both Sara and Paul. I went home for Thanksgiving, knowing that I wanted to stay here for Christmas, because Jeff was going to be coming home. My folks didn't mind, because they'd been planning to spend Christmas in Florida with my Dad's sister.

Jeff wasn't the only one who was coming home for the holidays. I remember going home one afternoon in early December to what I thought was an empty house. When I went upstairs, I noticed that the door to the master bedroom was closed. And then I heard a woman giggle. And it wasn't Sara.

I went back downstairs and got a glass of water. It wasn't long before Paul came in, put down his briefcase, and gave me a hug. "Where's Sara?" he asked.

"Um, she's upstairs. But she has company."

"Oh, you mean Elly?"

"Elly's here?"

"Yeah. She flew in early this morning. I picked her up at the airport. You haven't been introduced?"

"No, I just got home."

"Then let's go upstairs and get you two acquainted."

We went upstairs, and he knocked on the door. "It's me," he said. "Are you up for company??

"Come on in," I heard Sara say. So we did, and that's when I fist saw Elly, sprawled out on the bed next to Sara. They were both naked and, as you could tell by their sweaty and flushed bodies and their broad grins, just recovering from some very sweet sex. The room just reeked of pussy.

Elly was, frankly, a knockout. I could see in a flash what Paul and Sara saw in her. My first impression was of her hair, long and dark and thick and curly, on both her head and her crotch. She was about my height and build, but she had some decent-sized tits on her, smaller than Sara's but still a handful. She had long muscular legs and a winning smile, which was now directed at me.

"So you're Emily! Sara's told me so much about you!" 

I smiled back. "Likewise! I thought you were in Russia."

"And so I was, until about twenty hours ago. I'm so jet-lagged, I don't know whether it's day or night. I slept on the plane, except that you never really sleep on the plane, you know." I nodded in agreement, even though I'd never been on an airplane in my life.

"How long will you be here, Elly?"

"A couple of months, I think. My old visa ran out, and I'm waiting for the new one to come through."

"Well, make yourself at home," I said unnecessarily. "I've got some laundry to do. Paul, can you help me?"

Paul hesitated only an moment before he nodded assent. He knew that I didn't need any help, but instantly knew that I wanted some time alone with him. So he bent down and kissed the two women, and we went downstairs.

"Paul," I said. "I'm glad I met her. You three have a lot of catching up to do, so I'll sleep in the guest room tonight."

"God, Emily. Thank you. I was going to ask you to, but I didn't know how, without making you think we were kicking you out of our bed. You don't know how much I appreciate it. What can I do to make it up to you?"

"Well, you could take me into the guest bedroom and fuck me. Right now."

He grinned. "I guess I could do that. I don't think the ladies would mind if we left them alone for a while longer."

"No, I think they have the situation well in hand."

So Paul and I went into the guest bedroom, stripped, and hopped into bed. He was hard even before he got his boxers off, and I wasn't far behind him in arousal; all that pussy smell went right from my nose to my clit. This was the first time I'd fucked Paul here, in the guest bed I normally shared with Jeff, and it added to the excitement. He got me off using his tongue and fingers on my pussy while I twisted and pulled on my nipples. Soon I was in the throes of the big O, the waves of pleasure originating at my clit and shooting right down my legs to my heels and up my arms to my wrists. Paul was the most experienced male lover I'd ever had, and what he lacked in stamina he more than made up for in talent. He not only knew what buttons to push, but exactly when to push them and for how long. I was so wet that when he finally slipped his dick inside me, I felt only the sudden sensation of fullness. Then it was my turn to tease him, squeezing his cock with my Kegel muscles as he plunged in and out. He always loved it when I relaxed, then clenched, in time with his strokes; my cunt muscles were a lot stronger than Sara's are, and I knew how to use them. 

But it wasn't long before Paul abruptly picked up the pace. He was signaling the urgency of his lust, and I just whispered "Fuck me hard and fill me up" into his ear, relaxed under his weight, and succumbed to the golden sensation of lust that was overwhelming me. I felt him give his cock a final plunge into me and he held it there as it it spat out his cum into my womb. The intensity of it caught us both by surprise, and I squeezed his cock again, as if by squeezing alone I could keep it hard and locked inside me.

But I couldn't, of course, and soon it slipped out, followed by our juices. He slipped down on the bed to lap them up as they oozed from my cunt, giving me another frisson of pleasure ... the perfect dessert for a hearty meal. 

"I'm so happy, Paul. I'm so happy that Sara lets us fuck together now. I really needed that."

"Me, too. You can let me 'help you with the laundry' any time."

I giggled. "Yeah, help me dirty up the sheets some more, you mean!"

"We sure did, didn't we? Look at that wet spot!"

"Say, I'm getting hungry now. What do you say we order a pizza?"

"Mmm. Good idea, Em. Let's get the biggest one they've got. I bet the girls upstairs are getting peckish, too."

And that's why all four of us were around the dinner table an hour later, scarfing down on pizza and drinking wine. Elly proved to be as companionable as they'd told me she was, always chatting about this or that. "Oh, my God! This is so good! Believe me, you just can't get good pizza in Moscow, unless you make it. And even then, you can't get the right cheese. Boy, have I missed it!"

"Well, we have a good pizzeria in town now," Paul said. "The authentic Brooklyn style. It wasn't here when you lived here; it opened up about five years ago. Actually, Emily told us about it."

"Well, every freshman in school learns about where to get good pizza," I said. "It's a requirement. Antidote for dorm food, you know."

"So tell me about yourself, Emily. Paul and Sara have told me some of it, but where is your home town, and your family?"

So I gave her my life story (short form). She was a good listener; she caught every word, and asked me the sort of questions that told me that she was listening to me. When I told her about my tennis training she nodded. "My sport was skating, and I trained as hard as you do. I still skate when I can." Then she in turn told me about herself, and before we knew it, the pizza was gone, along with two bottles of wine and a doobie. 

"So where's the action in this town now?" Elly said at last.

"Same place it was before," Sara said. "In our bedroom. But we've got a hot tub now. Would you care to try it?"

"I didn't pack a bathing suit. I didn't figure I needed to bring one for a December trip."

"And you don't. Just do it naked, like we do." And with that, we got up and moved to the tub room. We shucked our robes and got into the tub. Paul immediately moved over to Elly's side and put his arm around her. We were all feeling a little randy then, and soon Sara and I were snuggling as well. I'd been asking myself all night how I'd feel when this happened. Would I feel some jealousy toward Elly? Would I be uptight when I saw them necking? Sara, too, was sort of holding her breath, and Paul kept glancing at me as he was feeling Elly up. 

The truth was: I didn't feel any jealousy at all. It was just as though I'd found another lover to share with two of my favorite people. I smiled at them all, and the tension gradually dissipated. Sara sealed the deal when she said coyly, "Emily, why don't you show Elly what you showed me the first time we were in the hot tub?"

I sure knew what she was talking about! So I guided Elly over the edge, so that the jet was just over her pussy. She gasped at the sudden sensation. Then I put a finger on each of her hairy pussy lips and gently opened her slit to expose her inner labia. I felt her suddenly tensing, then leaning forward to increase the pressure. I then slowly opened and closed her slit, letting her savor the difference in pressure. Her fingers moved down to replace mine. My freed hands slid up her body to her breasts, lifting them, teasing her pink nipples. He moaned with pleasure. Sara and Paul watched us avidly, desire written all over their faces. Finally, when I thought Elly was ready for it, I moved one hand back down and pulled her clitoral hood up just a wee bit. "OOH!" she cried. Then she came, a hard little orgasm that startled her. Then she began to laugh.

"Oh, Emily, I see what Paul and Sara saw in you! That was marvelous! Wherever did you learn that?"

"I grew up in a house with a hot tub. You learn these things," I said simply. 

"I bet you do. Emily, I'd like to get to know you better. May I sleep with you tonight?"

"I thought Paul would like to have a crack at you..." and then realized what I'd said.

She laughed. "No, I'm the one with the crack! But he and I already got it on. As soon as we got home from the airport, he jumped my bones. Boy, what a welcome home!"

"I did it for therapeutic reason," Paul said. "The best cure for jet lag is a good shagging. Or so they say."

"So the only girl that Paul hasn't fucked yet today is his own wife!" I said. "Well, don't you think we ought to let them have their chance?"

Elly hugged me and said, "I think we should. Why don't we take the guest bedroom?"

"Well, there's still a little bit of a wet spot from a few hours ago."

"We'll change the sheets." And then she gave me a full-on kiss, tongue to tongue, and pressed her breasts against mine.

I turned to Sara and Paul and asked, "Do you guys mind?"

Sara just gave a shrug and a wink, as if to say "be my guest." And Paul was paying too much attention to Sara's tits to even notice. His cock was telling me everything I needed to know about where he was focused. So I said to Elly, "Let's go." We each gave Paul's cock a squeeze and and slipped out of the tub. Elly picked up the towel and started to dry me. Whoa! She was leaving no opportunity for a grope unexplored! This woman is a keeper! I felt the rough towel caressing my clit and my nipples, grinding into the small of my back, dabbing gently at my neck and shoulders.

"You know I'm going to be doing the same to you. I insist."

"I was hoping you would!" she replied. "In fact, I was counting on it!"

We took our time drying each other, partly to savor the moment, and partly because it was hotter to do it slowly in front of Paul and Sara. Paul was certainly enjoying it, too. He'd glance up every now and then even as he was sucking Sara's boobs, and he'd smile at us. 

We then we went to the guest bedroom, where the queen-size bed that was Jeff's and mine, and then Paul's and mine, awaited us. Elly took note of the wet spot on the bed, and then completely ignored it. She flung herself on the bed and, grabbing a couple of pillows to position her body, started to wank herself as she smiled up at me. 

Damn. I thought I was a slut, but this woman was putting me to shame. What a find she was! Another reason to be very, very thankful to Paul and Sara. And I said so to her, there and then.

"Believe me, I love those people as much as you do," she told me. "They are ... special people. The whole family is."

"I've met Jeff, and he's pretty special, too. And I met Jessie a few months ago, but we didn't get along for some reason."

"Jessie was always moody, Emily. Even when she was a kid. She'll snap out of it. You'll see."

"I guess her boyfriend dumped her."

"Well, there you have it. Hey, just how 'special' is Jeff to you?"

"Pretty damned special. I mean, our lives aren't exactly running parallel, but we definitely have something now."

"OK, then. But let me ask you: would you mind if I ..."

"If you fucked him?"

"Boy, Emily! You get straight to the point!"

"Maybe it's the tennis player in me. You know, return the serve, keep the ball moving..."

"Yeah, maybe. But would you? Mind?"

I smiled at her. "Not at all, if that's what he wants. And he always spoke warmly of you. I'd say go for it. He can always use the experience, and you seem to have plenty of that."

She held out her arms to me, spread her legs wide, and beamed at me. "Come say 'hi' to me!"

"Hello," I said as I kissed her. And that was the last word I said for the next hour. It was the most heavenly hour of my life. 

I say that without taking the least from Jerry or Paul or Jeff. I say that knowing that I'll always love cock. But this was the strangest thing: it was like we were on the exact same wavelength, like meeting your exact twin, the one you'd been separated from at birth. We didn't even have to tell each other what we wanted. We could just read it from our breathing and our muscle tone. Physically, we were almost identical except for our boobs and hair. Her muscle tone was as good as mine, with immensely strong legs and the tightest ass I'd ever groped. We roamed each other's bodies. I was as fascinated by the texture of her pubic hair, black and wiry and lush, as she was by the wisps on my own almost bare pubes. And she was as spellbound by the soft swells under my nipples as I was by the firm, melon-sized mounds under hers.

She was sliding fast into a state where she wanted some attention to her cunt, and I somehow knew it immediately. I put my hand down toward her crotch and she caught it, gently bent my fingers in, leaving only the middle one out. I smiled, and slipped the finger in. She closed her eyes in contentment. 

Taking my hand, she guided me to her G-spot, and I knew immediately when I hit it, not by the feel, but from the way her body reacted, exactly as mine would. 

I chuckled and, with my finger up her cunt and my tongue on her labia, I brought her to her first climax, and then her second. I was so ... close ... to her, it was almost like masturbating. We shifted positions so that I could keep giving her oral, but so that her mouth was at my clit and her finger up my cunt, too. Everything I did to her, I felt myself, because she was giving everything back to me as I gave it out. I was cumming, she was cumming, I was cumming again. Back and forth for what must have been an hour. By that time, the bed was so wet again that we were glad we didn't change the sheets.

What a night that was! We were strangers who were suddenly sisters, more than sisters. After that hour of utter transport, we just looked into each other's eyes, like looking into a mirror that can distort your features or your hair color but not the soul that looks back at you. I memorized her face, every freckle, every mole, every pore.

"Emily," she said at last. "I love you."

"I think I love you, too."

"But I love Paul and Sara, too."

"Me, too."

We hugged and cried. And then we slept. She fell asleep in my arms, and left me in lazy thought for a long time. I thought about how much of an impact she must have had on Paul and Sara, and the effect she was having on me now. I thought about how, when I came into their lives, I must have appeared to them as the second coming of Elly, so alike that we could be sisters, re-infusing their lives with lust and joy. 

I thought of my cat Bitsy, who used to fall asleep in my lap. When a cat dozes off in your lap, she's showing you that she has complete trust in you, and for a cat that's the ultimate honor she can pay you. And Elly was showing me that honor as I held and caressed her sleeping body, and I prayed I would be worthy of that honor.

And I thought of Jeff, what he and Elly might have meant to each other when Jeff was growing up. I knew that boys developed crushes on young ladies, but I was sure that Elly would never respond in kind. But what would she think of him now, a handsome young man who was intelligent and caring and pretty damned good in bed? If she was like me, she would no sooner see that cock than want it inside her, flooding her with his seed.

Would I be jealous? Hell, no. Instead, I was glowing with the prospect of being able to share my love for these two extraordinarily special people in my life. My lovers who love each other as I love them. 

And I thought about Elly, my sister-soul, and how astonishingly lucky I was to have found her. How many people go through lives looking for someone who reflects their soul, their very self, back to them? I knew enough about life to know how rare they are, and how they don't even have to be lovers to have that rapport. It goes deeper than love, deeper than even friendship. And tonight that person just fell into my lap. 

We all reconvened in the kitchen the next morning. Elly and I were awakened by the smell of coffee brewing and bacon frying. We smiled and kissed, and then got up and walked into the kitchen arm in arm. The expression on our faces told the whole story to Paul and Sara. Their own faces lit up.

"I see you two hit it off," Paul said. "We were so worried about that."

"You were," said Sara. "Not me. I knew these were two of a kind from the instant I met Emily." 

"I trust you two had a pleasant evening, too," Elly said with great courtesy and an impish wink.

"I sure did," Paul said. "To make love to three different women in one day, and to have them be the three most wonderful women in the world... you can't beat that."

"Consider it our present to you," Sara said. "You deserve it. And you two ..." she waved toward us ..."you deserve each other. I'm so happy that we brought you together. That was the high point of my day, when I did that."
