 “So what are we going to do tonight?” Joanne asked as I reached for the towel. Soaking wet from my shower, I toweled myself dry, first one leg, then the other.

“I don’t know sweetheart” I replied. “Why not give Karen and Bill a call. They’re always fun to have over on a weekend.” 

“Are you sure you want them to stop by tonight” my wife asked as she reached around me from behind and gently stroked my cock. “You remember what happened the last time they came over?”

How could I forget Karen and Bill’s last visit. After about 15 minutes of hot tub and margaritas I had found myself overheating. Getting out, I announced that I would be in the house for a bit, and offered to get everyone a fresh round of drinks. After ensuring that everyone was enjoying themselves, I excused myself and retreated into the house, shutting off all the lights as I left. It was then that I found out exactly what Karen and Bill had in mind for the evening. Cuddling one another while sitting across from my wife, Karen slowly teased Bill with simple caresses across his shoulder. I watched from inside the house as she pulled the top of her suit below the waterline, exposing her beautiful breasts to both her husband and my wife. In turn, my wife pulled her cute swimsuit off of her gorgeous body. 

My wife runs with me five days a week, and also lifts weights three days. I’ve watched daily as she has quickly become the “hard body” that I love to curl up next to at night. Her 36B breasts are still as firm as they were 20 years ago, with nipples that harden like diamonds when touched or licked. With two beautiful women in front of him, I knew that Bill was in trouble. But even I was surprised when Karen held her right foot to his face. “Suck my toes like they were a little cock” she whispered just loud enough for Joanne to hear. Joanne watched intently as Bill bent over his wife’s foot and lovingly began to lick and suck. First he took her tiniest toe in his mouth, savoring the sensation of what he was doing. Then Bill moved to her big toe, sucking and tonguing it as though it were a clitoris. I watched quietly as Joanne moved closer to see the action, her hand sliding down in the darkness to the shaved patch between her legs. 

Shortly after, Karen took her foot away from her man. His face registered his displeasure as he found his mouth empty once again. Karen reached below the water line and grabbed Bill’s foot to return his advances. Karen began to sensuously lick between Bill’s toes as though she were separating the petals of a pussy. She dove into her task with abandon, alternately licking and sucking, all the while maintaining direct eye contact with my wife.

“I think she like’s watching” I heard Karen say. 

Bill responded with short breaths: “I think she likes feeling her clit while she watches.” 

There was a quick intake of breath as Karen reached lower and cupped his balls in her hand, squeezing gently. “You should be enjoying the experience, not commenting about others” Karen replied as she settled back into her seat. I took the opportunity to step back outside and offer further refreshments.

So… Yes… I was looking forward to Karen and Bill coming over to hot tub once again. As empty nesters, Joanne and I frequently go nude at home, and never wear suits in the tub, as long as we are alone. Tonight, I decided to see this pushed a bit further. When Karen and Bill came into our living room, I deliberately gave Karen a wink, a hug, and a kiss. As we separated, I whispered three simple words: “I want you.” “Can I get everyone something to drink?” I asked as I headed for the refrigerator. 

“MARGARITAS” was the chorus as everyone piled into the kitchen. Strong drinks in hand, I announced that because I had missed the festivities of the last visit, the punishment for tonight was that everyone was going to be naked for the entire evening. Joanne and Karen hemmed and hawed only until I mentioned that there were consequences for not “toeing” the line. They realized then that I knew what had happened during the previous visit. 

We donned robes to lounge in before we went outside. Karen’s ample bosom fairly spilled out of the white terry cloth. I told Bill and Joanne to go ahead and get in the tub while I got the munchies out of the refrigerator. As all three moved towards the tub, I asked Karen to stay behind and help me with the salsa. Once our spouses were in the tub, I took Karen in my arms and softly kissed the side of her mouth. 

“I still want you” I told her as my hand pulled her firm bottom into my rapidly expanding tool. 

“Oh my” was Karen’s response when she felt the hardness of my length rub against her leg. While Karen has made several comments to my wife about my “package” in the past, growing against her leg was a full eight inches of meat. “So this is why she stayed with you all these years” Karen said as she gave into the sensations and reached down to grasp my further hardening tool. 

“Well, that and a couple of other reasons” I said as I tipped her head back and slowly fed her my tongue.

“Like what?” Karen said as she now undid the belt of my robe, exposing my 180 pound frame to her gaze.

“Well, we usually have to split up our sex over several days Karen, because I will last at least an hour, and have gone up to two and a half hours before I’ve shot my cum. Joanne loves the marathon sessions, but can get a bit sore after awhile. 

“Wow” Karen exclaimed, “With the kids in the house, Bill and I are lucky if we can get 15 minutes in the morning!” We stepped into the Florida room, where I put my finger to my lips and shushed Karen.

“Watch for a minute” I said as I drew her close to my side once again.

In the tub, Bill and Joanne had wasted no time. Bill was sitting on the edge of the tub, while Joanne had his cock in both her hands, lovingly stroking it as she talked to him. Bill was like a kid in a candy store as Joanne stroked his dick up and down with a strong grip. His eyes lit up like a kid’s when Joanne tilted her head down and engulfed the head of his cock comfortably in her mouth. Having had my cock for so many years, this new tool slid easily into her mouth. Breathing through her nose, she took him all the way down, sucking his cock to the base and then, while maintaining the suction, lifted off until just the head was inside her warm mouth. Over and over again, Joanne pistoned her mouth up and down Bill’s shaft, making him groan aloud as his orgasm approached.

“Oh no, not yet you bastard” Joanne moaned as she felt Bill’s pre-come on her tongue. “I want some of that cock in my pussy, and maybe, if you are really good, I’ll make you fuck my asshole.” Joanne has a problem having my cock up her ass, but this one was more normal in girth, and she knew she could easily take it. While we watched, Joanne pushed Bill back into the water and straddled his hips. Taking his hard cock in her hand, Joanne slid the tip up against her entry, and then with one quick plunge, pushed herself down onto Bill’s cock. 

Inside, I fingered Karen’s clit rhythmically as we watched. I pushed two fingers towards Karen’s hole and then spread them slightly, using a slight up and down motion to make her lips slide together over her clit. Karen sagged against me, then leaned back against the table. “Fuck me” she whispered. “Make me yours for the night.” I pushed Karen back against the table and lifting her legs, wrapping them around my lower back as my thick rod nestled into her slightly furry triangle. “YES…” Karen moaned around my mouth. “Take me… fuck me hard…. I’ll do anything for my come.” 

I positioned my cock so that the upper base rubbed insistently on her clitoris, pushing her farther along the edge. Outside, her husband was quickly reaching orgasm. 

“So you want to come?” I asked as I took my middle finger and fed her some of her own juices. “If I let you come, I’m going to make you ours tonight. We are going to take all your holes in any combination we want to. You will learn to suck pussy and lick and suck cock like a pro. By the end of the evening, you will beg us for release. Is that what you want? Do you want to feel your pussy explode around my cock? Do you want to please me in front of your husband?” Karen’s breath was coming ragged as I took my pussy soaked finger and placed it at her lips. “Answer me Karen” I said as I slowed my pace, just preventing her from going over the edge. “Answer me now, or I stop the pleasure.”

“God yes” Karen whimpered as she licked my finger clean. “I’ll do anything you want, just let me come!”

I decided that Karen should prove herself a bit more before I gave her the release she craved. Pulling my cock from her pussy, I told her, “Go outside and give both your man and my woman a lover’s kiss. Show them both that you are ok with their fucking, and tell them that you have given yourself to me to be used anyway I see fit. Then, I’ll come out and direct your next scene.” 

Standing up, Karen opened the door and climbed into the hot tub. Joanne and Bill were in no position to stop, much less hide what they were up to. Joanne was leaning back against Bill’s chest, his cock sliding back and forth into her from behind. Her face was flushed from the drinks and her second orgasm of the evening; she didn’t even realize that we were watching. In a daze, she opened her eyes just in time to see Karen take her tongue and begin sucking on Joanne’s nipple. “Is this a lover’s kiss?” Karen asked me as she took half of Joanne’s tit into her mouth. “Or is this?” she said as she suddenly lifted her head higher and took Joanne’s mouth with the force of a man.

“Mmmmph…” was Joanne’s initial response to this invasion. It was a short lived response though, as the naughtiness of being pussy and mouth fucked by this couple pushed her over the edge. “Ohhh…mmmyy….. ohhh mmyyy.. ohhh…. Mmyyyy. I’m commmminngg…” She screamed as she began aggressively taking Karen’s mouth while bouncing on Bill’s cock. 

As she began to come down, I suggested… “Anyone want to continue this inside?”

The three of them were out of the hot tub in a shot. We headed into the house, with full intentions of going directly to our bedroom, but we never made it past the family room before I felt Karen grab my left cheek. “You are soooo tight” she said as she massaged my ass. 

Turning, I took both of her hands and pulled her to her knees while whispering, “You are so hot… I can’t wait a minute more to feel myself in your mouth.” Giving her husband a parting glance, Karen buried my cock as deep as she could in her mouth. I gave her gentle instructions on how to take my rod and give me the best feelings. “ Suck gently, just below the head” I told her. “Use your lips and tongue to do the shaft, use your mouth juices to make me feel like I’m in your pussy.” Karen warmed to her task quickly, devouring my cock like she had been doing it all her life. 

“You will swallow me when I come” I said matter of factly as she brought me nearer the edge. 

“I don’t do that” Karen said pulling off just long enough to say the words. 

“You WILL swallow me” I replied, letting her know that I was in charge, and that she was a part of my pleasure. 

Karen attempted to bargain with me. “Please come all over my tits, I love watching a man spurt his come over me.” Actually, I liked the idea of shooting my come all over her beautiful breasts, but I still had a way to go before I exploded. 

“Bill!” I said sharply. “Get over here and finger her pussy, and you Joanne… go get the camera!” While Joanne went for our digital camera, Karen suddenly found out what it was like to feel a man’s fingers in her pussy while she sucked another man off. “Tap her clit softly” I told her husband. “I want her right on the edge, but don’t let her come yet. I want her to beg for my come in her face.”

Joanne returned with the camera, and started snapping pictures of Karen while Bill and I filled her full of cock and fingers. This seemed to push Karen even closer to the edge. I knew we could keep her this way for at least another ten minutes or so. I beckoned to Joanne and whispered softly to her. She smiled, then went back to the bedroom. A few minutes later, she reappeared. With Karen’s face buried in my crotch, Joanne stepped behind her and removed her bathrobe to reveal a glistening eight inch black dildo, securely fastened around her waist. “Sit back on the couch Bill” I said. “Watch as we show you what it’s like to take your woman to places she’s only imagined when she brings herself off.”

Joanne pushed Karen forward so that Karen was in an all fours position, then began to rub the thick phallus against Karen’s opening from behind. As I expected, Karen’s lust forced her to push back, not quite realizing the size of the cock that was about to ream her. “Do you want her pussy Joanne? Or would you like to break in her ass?” 

Joanne looked in amazement at how Karen’s pussy spread. “For now… I’ll take her pussy” Joanne said, and in one powerful move of her hips, slid the full length deep into Karen’s opening. The pace that Karen had been sucking on my cock doubled as she realized that her best girlfriend was fucking her while she brought me to the edge. 

“YESSSSSSSSS…” I shouted as I shot the first of my load into her mouth. Karen pulled my spurting cock from her mouth and stroked it over and over, forcing more of my seed into the space between her tits. 

“I LOVE to fuck and suck” Karen exclaimed… “PLEASE let me come… I’ll fuck anything to get a come!”

“Bill” I said, “come over her and climb under your wife. “I think she needs her clit sucked while she gets fucked.”

Bill was out of his chair in a flash, trying to move Karen so that he could reach her pussy. Finally, he found his mark and with Joanne making measured strokes in between Karen’s pussy lips, Karen hit her peak. “Oh…Oh…oh…oh…oh... aaaaaaaaaaaaargh…” Karen’s wordless orgasm took me to another high. I orgasmed again, this time sticking my thick rod back into her mouth and pulling her close. 

As my orgasm subsided, I pulled my cock from her lips, looked down on her and said, “Swallow. Now.” Karen looked up at me, opened her mouth to show me my come, and then swallowed it in one take.

“Ummm… I wish I had tried this years ago” Karen said as Joanne pulled the thick rubber penis from her. “I feel so empty” she continued as she realized that there were no more cocks feeding her, and that all she had left was her man’s tongue on her clit. 


“We’ll fix that shortly.” I said, as I contemplated our next joining.

Please let me know if you like this story. If I get positive responses, I'll continue!

To be continued.