 I'd like to preface with my intent as I write these stories. I'm not writing romance, not even trying to. This is purely about sex, erotica, porn, whatever you want to call it. My intent is to make your cock hard or your pussy moist as you read the story. If my story made you horny, I accomplished what I intended. So, if you're looking to read a romantic story, please look elsewhere. I don't want to waste your time. 

*

My wife Susan and I have been married for eight glorious years. We are both thirty years old now. I met Susan in College at Boston University during my Junior year. We were both studying to be attorneys and took a few of the same classes together.

The first time I saw Sue I was floored with her beauty and sex appeal. She was the smartest woman in class and quite frankly the most intelligent person I've ever me. I never thought I had a shot at even getting a second glance from her. I could tell she was much more into academics than I figured she'd be into dating.

I'm not a bad looking guy, never had a problem dating getting my fair share off attention from the ladies. My name is Charles, my friends call me Chuck though I'm really not fond of that name. I'm just shy of six feet three inches tall, work out daily trying to keep my weight fairly constant at two hundred pounds. Most people would consider me the jock type I suppose though I was more interested in getting my law degree.

Sue is a stunning beauty, standing at five feet eight inches tall, weighing one hundred twenty five pounds. I swear she could have had a career modeling as she has the height, body and looks for it. She's a redhead with a tight body as she works out daily as well, she likes to run to keep in shape. She has gorgeous blue eyes with a perfect set of 36D's.

One of the first things I noticed about Sue was her impeccable wardrobe, always dressing to impress. She always wore snug fitting dresses exposing her ample cleavage but never looked slutty either. Other than exercising ,I can never remember seeing her not dressed to kill. Men were attracted to her like flies to fly paper. She always got a lot of attention, turning heads everywhere she went. 

As I stated earlier, I really never thought I had a chance of getting her attention so one semester I made a special attempt to be seated next to her in a law class we were both taking. I guess I was hoping I could get her attention if I sat next to her.

To make a long story a bit shorter, I introduced myself and made small talk each day with her as time passed. I definitely had my sights set on her and she was actually showing a little interest in me. I knew she appeared to be a very prim and proper lady so I had to be very careful with my advances. 

One day before class I finally got the nerve up to ask her to join me at lunch, my treat. She accepted my invitation to my surprise.

We had lunch that day. During lunch I asked her if she was dating anyone hoping she wasn't.

"I haven't dated since High School," she answered. "Nobody has asked me out."

I couldn't believe that but she was just one of those gals that most men found unapproachable. She was considered too hot to even bother asking. A man's pride is a fragile thing.

"I find that so difficult to believe as you're the most beautiful, most intelligent lady in school," I replied.

"Thank you but that's not true," she said.

"I'd certainly like to be the first to ask you, would you like to go out to dinner?" I asked

That was the beginning of my relationship, then marriage to my gorgeous wife Sue. We dated for about four months before I even considered trying to take things to the next level. It's not that things didn't get hot at times with us but I really didn't want to scare her away, she was a keeper. She was the woman of every man's dreams. And she was also very old fashioned when it came to values. I knew if I tried to get in her panties too soon, I'd be history.

One night as she was at my apartment watching a movie with me, we had a few too many drinks as we both were feeling the effects of the alcohol. I had never seen her drink this much but it was the weekend, so I guess it was OK to have a few extra. We both had taken our finals that week so it was time to loosen up a little.

We were watching the movie as she decided to lie down in my lap, no argument from me there, we had done that many times We were at the point in our relationship where we got quite comfortable in each others' apartments, still not having sex though. Her head was in my lap, my hand resting just under her breasts on her stomach.

I couldn't help but notice more cleavage than usual was exposed as her blouse had somehow gotten unbuttoned during the evening, I certainly wasn't going to bring it to her attention. I couldn't take my eyes off her tits and my excitement was definitely getting to me as my cock was getting hard.

Sue's head was in my lap so I'm positive she was also aware of my growing intentions as I squirmed as not to give myself away. I was so horny at this point I thought I'd be a little more forward than usual, maybe it was finally time to stop being so bashful with her. Maybe it was the booze that gave me the courage. I lifted my hand a bit grazing her tit, almost having it rest on my wrist.

She actually squirmed a little allowing me better access to her tits. I could feel her head nuzzle into my crotch as if she were fluffing up a pillow. She was aware of my growing bulge, I was certain. She raised her arm above her head, caressing my side. She was really be receptive, maybe this would be the night. I doubted it though, I really did believe she was the kind of girl who waited until she had the ring on her finger before sex. Damn, I was hoping I was wrong not knowing if I could hold out that long. Cold showers and jerking off were getting old and much more frequent.

"I love you," she whispered. That was the very first time she said it to me. I lump formed in my throat.

"I love you too Sue. I was so afraid to tell you first thinking I'd scare you off."

I lifted my hand and caressed her breast lightly, not grabbing it. I met no resistance as I felt her sigh, almost a release of tension. She seemed to approve of my advance so I slid my hand under her blouse, caressing her bare breast felling her hard nipple for the first time. God, she had perfect tits. Again, I met no resistance as I felt her hand now caressing my leg.

"This feels so right with you Charles. I don't think I've ever felt this was about anyone, you're the man of my dreams," she said in a low, seductive voice.

"I have wanted to be with from the minute I first set eyes on you." I said as my breathing got heavier, I couldn't help it.

Sue looked up at me pulling herself up with her arms around my neck to kiss me. Our lips met in a passionate kiss, nothing like we'd ever experienced together before. This kiss was raw passion, our tongues searching for the others'. 

My hand was now caressing her tit, pinching her nipples . I started to unbutton her top as she helped, removing it. She then released he bra and sat before me for the very first time, naked from the waist up.

My mouth went to her tit, circling her nipple then sucking it as she moaned noticeably. My other hand was caressing the other tit, she had magnificent tits. I was getting so fucking hard. Finally!

Sue wanted me as badly as I wanted her, she was now unbuckling my pants, unzipping them as I felt the pressure of my growing erection being released from my jeans. I was amazed that the woman of my dreams wanted me, she finally wanted me. She traced the outline of my cock with her fingers as it was still in my underwear, growing by the second. I was so aroused, wanting her to grab my naked cock.

I was still busy working her tits, sucking one then the other. I stopped to kiss her again passionately, almost devouring her in anticipation of having her. I knew the time had finally come. I could feel my cock already oozing in anticipation.

She reached into my underwear, pulling my cock free as she stroked my shaft. I was already hard, my cock standing at attention. I felt like I was going to erupt with excitement as she lowered her head to my cock. Holy fuck, this was it! Was she actually going to suck it? Did she do this kind of thing? I thought she wasn't that kind of girl.

I consider myself to have a nice cock, about eight fat inches with a rock hard erection. I've always been proud of my endowment though knew there were many guys much larger than me. I was comfortable with my manhood and masculinity but not to the point of being cocky about it.

She was staring at my cock as she said,"You have a perfect cock. It's big, fat and magnificent. You are such a man, such a stud. God, I love you."

She dropped her head into my lap, licking the pre-cum from the head. I almost came right then as my cock twitched from excitement. She ran her tongue the entire length of my shaft starting at the head until she reached my balls She cupped my balls in her palm as she licked them, now stroking me with her other hand. This innocent little beauty knew her way round a cock.

I was in fucking heaven, this lady knew how to handle a cock. I never would have seen that coming from this beautiful, intelligent, very sophisticated lady. I was shocked at her passion and aggressiveness with my cock. She handled it like a pro, yet I knew she hadn't had much experience. 

She ran her tongue back to the head of my cock, again tasting my salty fluid that continued oozing as my excitement mounted. She slowly lowered her head onto my cock, first taking just the head into her mouth. Her breath was hot and lips soft. She raised up and plunged her head down engulfing over half my length as she started rising and falling, consuming my cock until almost none of my cock could be seen. She held me deep within her mouth, surely in the back of her throat. She gagged as she forced me as far down as she could, her tongue working the underside of my cock. I had no fucking idea she had this in her. She was masterful in the art of cock sucking. My good girl was quite the vixen.

She fucked my cock with her mouth until I had to push her head away, not wanting this to be over yet as I felt pressure building deep within me. I was at the point that I almost couldn't hold back, right on the edge feeling my orgasm coming.

"What did you do that for?" she asked as her face was moist with her saliva. "I want you to cum in my mouth."

"I want you too sweetheart, Not the first time, I want to make love to you," I said as I stood and removed her pants in a single movement. I never met resistance as I removed her panties. She now lay naked before me as I kissed my was up her muscular silky thighs.

I could tell she was anxious as her breathing got very rapid as my tongue first touched her sweet pussy. It was as if I'd just touched her with an electrical current. She shivered as I traced the folds of her already moist pussy with my tongue, teasing her knowing she wanted more.

I inserted my tongue into her pussy as she tensed, almost immediately having an orgasm. Her wetness turned me on, I had to have her. I had to fuck her.

"Come to the bedroom with me," I said as I stood and picked her up in my arms, carrying her.

As I lay her down on the bed I could see that she was breathing so hard now, her breasts rising and falling with each breath. She was almost panting as I made my way to her heaving breasts, kissing one then the other. Her back arched to meet my lips as they surrounded her nipples, gently biting each one.

"Please fuck me," she said shocking me as I never thought I'd hear her say such a thing. I had no idea she used that kind of language as she had always been very proper and conservative.

She spread her legs slightly, inviting me to mount her as I slid into position between her legs. Our lips met again, almost devouring each other with our passion as we wanted each other. 

I rubbed the head of my cock on her moist opening as she shook, almost as if in fear, but was in excitement and anticipation. I entered her moist pussy, only inserting the head of my cock as she reacted to my entry.

"Ohhh, you feel so good. I love you Charles. I don't want this moment to ever end," she whispered as I held just the head of my cock inside her.

I pushed my shaft into her, about halfway as she met my push with her own and and softly moaned. She had my waist gripped tightly now as I withdrew for another thrust forward. I moved forward again, this time sliding in all the way as her moisture consumed me. She wrapped her legs around me now holding me in place, not letting me back out as she shuttered in orgasm. 

I could feel her release as her moisture surrounded my cock as I withdrew again. I pushed forward holding her ass off the bed, gripping her firm buns tight, lifting them. This time I wasn't as gentle as I started rhythmically fucking her wet pussy. I was now pushing in, pulling out slowly as she seemed to enjoy this rhythm, moaning, as her breathing became rapid.

"Fuck me hard now, make my pussy cum on your big cock," she moaned.

I couldn't fucking believe the words coming out of her mouth but I was quick to oblige. I started pounding her pussy, rocking back and forth forcing my cock deep within her as she was now screaming with pleasure.

"Ahhhhh, it feels so good, fuck me hard!" she screamed as I could sense her cumming again. 

She clutched me so tight, I thought I was hurting her. I was really fucking her hard now as my balls slapped against her ass with each push forward. I fucked her so hard the bed was moving up and down, the headboard shaking violently.

I was grunting, almost growling as I felt the pressure building deep inside. I was going to explode in her pussy, I could hold back no longer.

"I'm going to cum!" I grunted.

"Fill me with your cum!" she screamed.

I was about to erupt as I felt my cock swell with pressure. My first splatter of cum shot so hard from my cock, I know she felt my first eruption deep within her pussy..

"Oh yes, fill me baby. Fill me with your cum!" she screamed.

Another wave of pleasure was rising as my cock contracted, then shot my sperm deep inside her again. Now a continuous flow emerging from my cock. I was cumming so hard and so much it almost felt like I was pissing...but it was all cum, a steady stream shooting deep inside her. Seeming to be an almost endless orgasm as I continued shooting spasm after spasm deep inside her.

I could feel the cum oozing from her pussy now, knowing I had cum a lot. The bed beneath us was soaked with her juices and my cum.

As I released every drop from deep within me we lay holding each other for a long time. We almost fell asleep together with my cock still in her pussy, now flaccid, cum still oozing from her pussy.

I'm not sure how long we stayed like that, each of us knowing we had finally consummated our relationship, our love for each other. I did love this woman never feeling love and content as I had that very moment, so content and satisfied.

"I love you," she whispered in my ear.

"I love you babe. I don't ever want to let go of you again." 

"I don't want to go anywhere, ever without you," she said

"I won't let you. I love you and will forever."

We never spent another night apart and married six months later. We have an absolutely perfect marriage. This was a night we'll each always remember as the beginning of our torrid love affair for each other.

After we married we bought a beautiful home in the country, had the perfect life and love together. Neither of us ever would have considered straying from our love, we were very happily married and wanted to keep it that way. 

As the years progressed we bought cars, furniture and all the great stuff two successful people can accumulate in life. We just never had time or room for children. We were enjoying life, travel and the finer things in life Above all we loved our freedom to do what we wanted, where we wanted, when we wanted.

Then one day I came home announcing to Sue that I had purchased a hot tub. Many of my co-workers had hot tubs and raved about the hours of enjoyment and relaxation they had with them. I never asked Sue what she thought of the idea of buying one, I just did it. We could afford it and I thought it would be a great addition to our lives.

"A hot tub? What are we going to do with a hot tub?" was her reply.

"It'll be delivered tomorrow. I thought we'd put it on the deck out back."

Little did we know how great life would be with a hot tub. We had been married eight years now, eight happy years. We were still truly in love.

We had the hot tub installed and really loved relaxing in it, using it almost every night. We had many friends and even invited a few over now and then for hot tub parties on the deck.

Sue and I had many romantic evening together in the tub, always naked as our property was quite secluded. This was a great addition and enhancement to our sex lives. Almost every time we got in the tub, we ended our night with great sex.

It was so much fun. We had a min-bar built by the hot tub. I also had a killer sound system installed outside on the deck. Our house was getting the reputation as being known as the party destination with our friends. We loved entertaining, drinking and sharing good times in and around our hot tub. We had many parties ending with a dip in the tub, clothing always required though a few visitors got frisky with each other occasionally.

We had some very good friends we invited over one weekend to party with and enjoy the tub. There names were Jack and Vicki. They said they might bring a few friends with them that we hadn't met if it was alright. I thought it was a great idea. The more the merrier as we loved entertaining.

Jack was a stud in my wife's eyes. He was the weight lifter type, in the gym every day. I guess he was good looking too, that's what Sue says anyway. I knew she always had a thing for him, caught her flirting with him many times. Sue would never cross the line, going too far though. She was always a lady, a very conservative lady.

Then there's Vicki, let me tell you about Vicki. She was a bombshell with blue eyes, blonde hair, a stripper's body and big fake tits. Not every guy goes for the fake ones but I just love them, the bigger the better. .I have absolutely no idea what size they were but lets just say Sue's 36D bras looked like a training bra compared to what Vicki must have worn. She looked like a porn star, acting like one at times too. Her tits were fucking huge, she knew it too and always used them to her advantage. I never saw her wear anything without a low cut top, exposing as must as legally allowed in public. She was quite the flirt, many times flashing me without Sue ever knowing.

As the doorbell rang, Sue jumped up to answer, anxious for company after a long week at work. She opened the door and sure enough Jack and Vicki had brought friends. Everyone came in the house as introductions were made all around.

Our guests were Paul and Juliet, longtime friends of Jack and Vicki. I must say there wasn't an ugly duckling in the house.

Paul wasn't a muscle man like Jack but he was tall, dark and handsome according to Sue. He was about my height and weight and looked to be in great shape, seemed very nice too.

Juliet was a tiny little thing. I'm not sure if she was even five feet tall and all of ninety pounds, dripping wet. She did look like she had nice tits though, I guess we'd get a better look if we got in the hot tub. She looked like she may have been part oriental , I love oriental women and Sue knows that so she immediately looked at me, raising her eyebrows knowing what I was thinking. Juliet had dark brown eyes and long straight brown hair. She a beautiful woman, probably twenty five years old.
