 My wife T and I have some friends that are going through a bit of struggle so to give the wife, Karen, a chance to vent and a shoulder to cry on T decided to invite her over for dinner one evening. T thought that an evening away without having to always be confronted by her husband would give Karen a chance to open up and see things a bit more clearly.

We had a wonderful steak dinner and had opened the third bottle of wine as we cleared the table and loaded the dishwasher when T suggested that we take our next glass of wine out to the hot tub. It was a nice fall evening with a temperature in the 50's so it was almost a perfect setting to relax in the hot tub and enjoy the cool fall weather.

We usually get into the hot tub nude, but always have a supply of swimsuits around for when the kids and grand kids come around. T found something that fit Karen and we all moved out to the back yard and into the hot tub. 

By now we were all joking and laughing about how relaxing this was and as the wine was having an affect on everyone we started to discuss Karen's husband and their relationship. He was a rather pompous ass that was convinced he knew everything about everything, when in fact he couldn't see the reality of life in front of him.

Karen made some comment about his self serving ways and when I responded that "he couldn't find his dick with both hands" we all laughed and then she made the remark that he couldn't find her pussy either! This quickly got T going as she asked Karen how long it had been since she'd had sex, and finally Karen admitted that it had been many weeks since they'd done anything, but what she missed the most was that it had been years since she'd gotten an orgasm orally her husband.

T quickly offered that I could fix that for her! I was shocked! I'm always trying to get my wife to show off or let other guys fool around with her body, but this was the first time she'd ever suggested that I do something.

Both Karen and I asked if she was sure about this, and when T suggested that Karen might like it since I enjoyed giving oral sex so much that it could be a real treat for her. See also said that she didn't mind at all sharing me, and that she was willing to go first to show Karen how we've done it in the past while in the hot tub.

With that T stood up and started to peel off her swim suit and by the time she had taken it off and tossed it aside I'd already taken mine off as well. We both looked over at Karen as she just shrugged her shoulders, said why not, and peeled off her suit as well.

Normally this is where people who write stories tell you how the women had 38DD or 42D size tits...unfortunately that's not ever close to reality...and all to often the 38DD tits come with a 42 D belly fat as well!

We were all in our mid 50's and although none of us were overweight none of us still had the body of a 20 year old either. Karen was a bit thinner than T, and was much smaller up top as well. She wasn't normally the type of woman that I would get excited about, but sitting in the hot tub with 2 naked women makes for an very different atmosphere that normal.

T and I often have had oral sex while using the hot tub, so we've got the positions all figured out by now. T had slide out of the water and was sitting on the corner of the surround with her legs spread wide. This is her favorite spot and she called me over and told Karen to just watch. 

As soon as my lips and tongue touched T's pussy I could tell that she was hot and ready to go. I wasn't sure why she was so turned on, until she told me later that she was hoping she'd be able to get Karen naked so I could have a treat. It didn't take more than a couple of minutes and T quickly squeezed my head with her thighs and held me tight as she enjoyed her orgasm. After another minute or two she let me go and slide down into the water in front of me. We kissed for a couple on minutes and then T turned and told Karen to take her place.

Karen slid around us and was soon sitting on the edge of the hot tub. As T moved to the side she told me to enjoy myself and do a good job on her friend. As I turned back towards Karen I was directly facing her pussy. Although this wasn't something I had set up I still wanted to enjoy the opportunity and at the same time make it memorable for everyone.

I started to slowly lick Karen's pussy from top to bottom and then back up and down again. I continued this several times before I reached out and took her hands and had her hold her pussy open for me as I tried to reach my tongue as far into her as I could. It was pretty obvious that she wasn't going to last very long either.

She was starting to rub her pussy against my face as she continued to hold her pussy open for me to lick. I then moved up to her clit put two fingers into her cunt and started to alternate licking her clit as I pumped her pussy with first two fingers, then 3 and finally four. We settled into a nice motion as she rocked back and forth on my fingers and my tongue.

Everything was going great so I took my other hand and pushed my fingers up against her ass hole. I wasn't sure what Karen would do but as soon as one finger started to slide into her ass she grabbed my hand and pulled it towards her. I managed to get two fingers in her ass, and had four in her pussy, as I kept licking her clit. It didn't last long as she very quickly grabbed my head and held it still as her pussy and ass started to twitch and spasm. 

After a few moments she pushed me away and with a quiet thanks slipped back into the water. T suggested that now it was my turn to get out and sit on the edge of the hot tub. Since I was about ready to explode I didn't need any more encouragement than that.

I quickly moved up out of the water as T started to suck my cock as she's done so many times in the past. She was doing her best to prolong my orgasm since she would stop and start and nibble a little instead of just getting to it and sucking me off. I was wondering why she was doing this but when she turned to Karen and asked her to finish me off I realized why she had been delaying my orgasm.

Karen asked T if she was sure, and then asked me if I was ok with it (a dumb question) and after we both said yes T and Karen changed places. T didn't move too far away as she wanted to have a good view of what was happening. As Karen moved between my legs and grabbed a hold of my cock I knew that I had no hope of lasting a long time.

To my surprise Karen didn't waste any effort but simply opened her mouth and sucked in my cock. I was surprised that within three or four strokes she had managed to swallow my cock completely! This woman must really have a big mouth or no gag reflex at all as every time she went down on my cock her nose would bury itself into my pubic hair. She was deep throating me more than anyone ever had in the past. I keep thinking was a jerk her husband must be that he's not taking advantage of his cock sucking wife all the time!

I was determined to make this last as long as possible, but determination and reality don't always match and too soon I knew that this blow job would end. I grabbed Karen by the head on her way down and held her there as I managed to unload as deeply into her throat as I could. I should add that I didn't have to do much holding at all as she tried to swallow and much of my cock and cum as she could as the same time.

After I let go of her head she continued to hold her position as I could feel her throat try and swallow my cum and breathe through her nose at the same time. It wasn't until I started to soften up that she let go and I settled back into the hot tub. 

Karen was wiping a bit of cum off her lips as T and I snuggled in the hot water. We all took turns thanking each other for the fun evening, and T reminded us both that this kind of behavior won't happen again unless she's around to plan it and participate. 

I told her that sounded more like an offer than a threat and she told me to just wait and see what might happen.