 If you've read chapters 1 & 2 you know what position I'm in and it's not a good one! Just in case, let me catch you up.

My neighbor had just caught me spying on her from behind her trellis as she pleasured herself in the hot tub! I knew it was wrong but there was just no way I wasn't going to take the chance to see her close up! She is beautiful and oh so dam hot. Gorgeous wonderfully shaped tits with nips not much bigger than pencil erasers but oh so hard. Hips that flare out just the right amount and frame a smooth pussy that is completely shaved. Oh the sight was almost too much. I just had to see her closer.

But, to get back to my story... I had been caught but instead of her screaming and calling the cops, she "convinced" me to do things with her. Yes, it's what I wanted to do anyhow but not the circumstances I had dreamed about. I had to do whatever she wanted or she might call the cops anyhow. Of course I had gotten up closer and done more than I had dreamed about. The taste of her and the tightness and the excitement both of us were feeling all added up to SEX that could not be held back or even slowed. It was absolutely awesome and I wanted more but thought that it would be only a one time thing and was ready to leave when I hear... please won't you stay? Just a little while, I'm so lonely and that was so good. It was exactly what I needed.

I am starting to feel silly and a little nervous standing there stark naked for all to see while Rachel is sitting in the hot tub and is at least a little hidden from view. She looks up at me and says, "you know you have to do whatever I say, right?" And now I know that she is going to hold this over me for as long as she wants! I am now a "controlled man" and I have a wife to consider too. What choice do I have; none it seems at this point!

She is beckoning for me to join her in the tub and well, here goes. I hope my wife stays out late tonight! No sooner than I sit down, Rachel is moving closer and I can see her tits just below the surface of the water. Dam they are lovely! Earlier I had seen them from a distance and then we were just too excited to spend too much time looking. The feel was enough, then. She seems to be enjoying me looking at her and lifts them up with her hands so I can see better. I can't stop my self and reach out to touch them.

Her nipples are so hard it seems as if they should hurt. Soon I'm leaning down to put my lips on them and my tongue slips our to lick over them and by this time she is moaning. I hear her whisper; "it's been so long since anyone has paid this much attention to me." "Please keep going." Now I don't have a problem with this and I'm enjoying them. While I am sucking on her nipples my hand is slowly moving upwards over her smooth legs and heading for another spot. I was soaking with more than just water when I finally reach her smooth pussy. Two of my fingers part her lips while a third slowly enters her warmth!

Rachel is already moaning and I now feel her hand reaching for me. I am amazed; my cock is already hard! And she hasn't even touched me yet! It normally takes longer than that to recover, but tonight the excitement is overwhelming and I'm ready! Her hand pulls me to her and she is ready for me as her legs spread even further and I slip inside. This time, it is slower and I know it's not going to be so fast. It is going to last until we both reach our peaks and that final moment of bliss. Moving slowly, I pull out a little and she almost whimpers! "NO DON'T!" "Shhhsssss" I whisper, I'm not going anywhere and slowly push back into her depths. The warmth of her and her muscles feel like they'll never let me go! In and out, in and out, such feelings are hard to describe. It's been a long time for me too, to feel so much. It is good! When.........DAM, SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!

My wife's care just came into the driveway! Now what am I going to do! Rachel sees my panic and grabs me. NO WAY are you leaving now! FINISH! Faster or you know what I'll do! I'm so far gone now she's right we're going to finish no matter what! Faster and faster we're going as I see the lights come on in my house. She's going up stairs! Please don't look out the window. Faster and now the water in the tub is splashing and Rachel's tits are bouncing and we're going to make it. Good the light in the bathroom just went on. There may be a chance, small but a chance I can get away with this.

Rachel is bucking against me now, trying to get me deeper and we're almost there! Her pussy is squeezing me tighter and her legs are pulling me into her and we're there! I can feel her muscles clamp down on my cock and I finally let loose and pump her pussy full of cum. Her moans have gotten so loud. I hope no one is out to hear. Finally, the waves of pleasure smooth out and we separate. Rachel is just leaning back and there is such a smile on her face. Her smile is almost beyond description. Peaceful, would be an insufficient description at best.

I have to leave and now. How am I going to explain the water running off me and how am I going to get into the house without my wife catching me...

I turn to Rachel and she is still smiling. She just nods to me and as I scamper across my yard I hear: "until next time..." and I'm out of hearing range to hear the rest. I know now that there will be a next time.

There is a way; the cellar door is open and I have clean clothes and a shower there too. I can tell the wife I was out working in the yard and came in through the cellar to shower and change there. That way I wouldn't dirty up her clean house. That should work. I quickly jump into the shower and am drying off as I hear the cellar door open and my wife calls; "honey, are you down there?" Yes, I manage to get out. I'm just getting out of the shower and I'll be right up. Woo, that was close!