 Vince knew the girl was close and from the way her fiancé was pumping away at her mouth it didn't look like Chad was far behind. Vince pulled his mouth away from Amy's ass and urged her to scoot back a bit with his hands. He turned to sit with his back toward the sofa. He ducked his head, low between her legs and then wiggled his head up between her belly and the arm of the sofa.

Her pussy gleamed with her excitement. He reached around her hips and pulled her onto his mouth. His stiffened tongue parted the engorged lips and dug deep into her cunt. His nose pressed against her clit. He moved in and out of her for a few minutes and then pulled back enough to begin to work on her clit. 

He flicked it with his tongue before sucking the kernel of her sex between his lips and tugging. His reward was Amy shoving herself deeper into his eager mouth. He sucked her into his mouth and began to flick her clit as fast and as hard as he could with his tongue. Her ass cheeks tightened under his hands and she began to buck against his mouth. When he judged that she was getting too close he stopped. He kissed and nuzzled her soft inner thighs before wiggle his way back out from under her.

He stood behind her, watching her practice her new found deep throating skills on Chad. She was a fast learner. Vince rested his hands on her hips. He did so lightly not wanting to frighten her. He milked precum from his cock and rubbed it over the crown. Pressing forward, slowly, giving her plenty of time to tell him to stop he worked his cock between her legs until the head slipped into her pussy. He stopped there with his cock just penetrating her and leaned forward to kiss her shoulders and the back of her neck. 

This provided him a close up view of her straining mouth and Chad's hard glistening cock. Chad's fingers pushed Amy's hair away from her face, while twisting slightly, giving him a better view of her mouth on his cock. Vince didn't blame him; it was a magnificent sight. Maybe he should give his videographer buddy a call.

Amy pulled Chad's cock from her mouth and began to rub it over her cheeks. She slid her lips up and down its length. She let it slide along her cheek. Vince could have leaned forward a little more and taken the head in his mouth. He thought about it. He wanted to do it but decided not to. This was Amy's blowjob. She was proud of her new skills. Let her impress her lover. He'd stay out of this one.

To distract himself he returned to the back of her neck and her shoulders, nipping and licking now rather than kissing. As he did so he arched his back, slowly, very slowly burying himself in her pussy. Amy was still licking and nuzzling the side of Chad's cock. He heard her murmur, "mmm" but otherwise she did not speak.

He straightened and again rested his hands on her hips as he began to stroke in and out of her pussy. He leaned his head to the side, watching as he slide out her, watching the way her inner lips clung to him, following his cock until finally slipping back to catch on the crown. He did this over and over. Amy was no longer sucking or kissing Chad's cock. It rested on one cheek. Her other cheek rested on Chad's thigh, who watched as Vince continued to slowly fuck his fiancé. 

Vince picked up the pace a little and began to knead her ass cheeks, spreading them so he could see her rosebud, watch it wink at him. He wiped a finger along his shaft as he pulled out, wetting it, and began to rub her sphincter. She signaled her assent by pushing against him and his finger easily entered her. He pressed down, feeling his cock sliding under his finger as he fucked her.

She whimpered. Vince kicked it up another notch. He pulled his finger from her ass and leaned forward and let a string of saliva drop to her asshole. He rubbed the spit around her pucker with one hand while he lubed the first and second fingers of his right hand by rubbing them over his cock and her pussy lips. The two fingers slid into her easily. 

He pulled back until he slipped out of her, and then began to pop the crown of his dick in and out of her as fast as he able, keeping a steady pressure with his fingers. He did this for a moment then paused as he pulled out, his cock barely inside her. In one fluid stroke he buried himself in her sweet wet pussy.

He did this a half a dozen times, enjoying the soft grunts of pleasure his efforts brought from her. Amy began to thrust her rear back to meet him. He could feel her tensing and stopped. As he leaned forward, sweat fell from his hair onto her back. He kissed her shoulders again.

"No, don't stop," she gasped. "I'm so close."

"I know kiddo, that's why I stopped. Remember you didn't want to cum first."

"Fuck that," there was a growl of frustration in her voice. "Fuck me. Finish it."

"No, not yet. Trust me."

Vince slipped his hands under her shoulders and lifted her off the arm of the couch. She leaned back against his chest, their bodies slippery with sweat. Vince moved her hair back with his chin and kissed behind her ear. 

"Soon, kiddo. Soon. It will be worth the wait. Promise." 

He used pressure from his hips to guide her around the end of the couch. Chad still stood in the position he'd been in while Amy had devoured his cock, one foot on the ground, one knee on the couch. He moved down and Vince maneuvered Amy to the center of the couch. He stepped away from her and eased her to the couch, then sat beside her. Chad sat on her other side.

"Lean back, relax a little," Vince whispered, as he returned to kissing the side of her neck and ear. He kissed along her chin and risked a look at Chad. Chad was busy, kissing behind her other ear. Amy raised a hand and twisted her fingers in Chad's hair. Vince felt her other arm move. He kissed along her collarbone. A glance confirmed she had her other hand between her legs, fingering herself. That would not do.

"Uh uh, kiddo. Chad and I will take care of that. You need to relax."

"But I want..." Her voice was high, almost whiny. That also would not do.

Vince moved her hand from between her legs on laid it on his dick as he kissed her. He plucked softly at her lower lip with his teeth, kissed her on the side of her lips, his tongue caressed hers, kissed along the side of her nose and over her eyelids. He did this until the hand on his dick relax, quit squeezing and contented itself with a gently petting motion. 

Vince raised his head. Chad was leaning against the back of the sofa. Amy's fingers remained in his hair. He brushed the backs of his fingers up and down her arm. Vince tipped him a wink and Chad mouthed, "nice" at him.

Vince began to kiss his way down the side of her neck and along her jaw. He darted his tongue into the hollow at the base of her throat and her fingers tightened on him. He worked his way across her clavicle and to her shoulder. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Chad mirroring his movements.

He lifted her hand from his cock and brought it to his lips. Her fingers were slick with her own juices and the precum that continue to ooze from his dick. He didn't mind. In fact he loved it. He swirled his tongue around her index finger before sucking it into his mouth. He did the same to her other fingers before kissing her palm. He kissed his way up her arm, stopping to suck and nibble on the inside of her elbow. 

He had bathed her earlier, her armpit smelled of sweat but that was all. She shivered and moaned a little when he began to kiss and mouth her there. The skin was smooth not that a little stubble would have stopped him. He worked his way from under her arm and onto the tail of her breast. He kissed along the underside of her boob, along her ribs. He would have kissed his way up her cleavage but he bumped up against Chad, who continued to mimic Vince's movements.

Vince raised his head for a moment as he dropped a hand between her legs. A small moan of his own escaped him as he realized how wet she was. A puddle was collecting were her ass pressed into the leather cushion. His fingers slipped inside with only a hint of resistance. Almost immediately she began to move her hips.

He withdrew his fingers and rubbed her wetness over and around her nipple, pinching it once it was hard. It squirted from between his fingertips like a watermelon seed and Amy moaned as she arched her back, pressing her breast and nipple into his palm. 

She whimpered again when Chad repeated the sequence on her other side, first probing fingers then slickened nipple. As Vince watched, he re-wet his fingers, probing deeper this time. He smeared his fingers across her breast and nipple. Her hand began to work at his cock. He glanced down and sees her other hand clenching and sliding over Chad's erection.

He dropped his head and began to pluck at her nipple as he had her lip. He did this a few more times and her hand left his dick. He didn't need to look. He simply moved his own hand between her legs, pushed her hand aside and cupped her cunt with his palm. As he did so he nipped a little harder with his teeth. 

"Oh fuck, Jesus, fuck," she gasped, as she collapsed into the couch.

Chad reached across and took Amy's breast in his hand, holding if for Vince, who stiffened his tongue and touched it to the very tip of her nipple. Before he can do more Chad began to shake her breast, vibrating her nipple against Vince's tongue. Vince holds her other breast and copies the movement for Chad's tongue. They continue to hold her boobs for each other as they pluck and flick her nipples. 

"Please stop. Please," she whimpers. 

So they do. 

Vince takes the lead. 

"How do you want to cum kiddo? You want one of us to fuck you, eat you, what?"

"I want Chad to cum too."

Vince tried not to feel left out. 

"Okay. You want him to fuck you?"

Amy nods. Chad shifts, moving to position himself between her legs and Amy's eyes snap open.

"No baby. My mouth. I want you to fuck my mouth."

Chad looked uncertain. "Am, you sure?"

She nods. "Uh huh, but don't pull out this time. I want you to cum in my mouth. I want to feel you blast off in my mouth." She almost glares at her fiancé. "Fuck. My. Mouth."

Chad starts to rise up, starts to rest his knee on the couch but Amy stops him with a hand on his chest.

"Fuck me first."

Chad looks lost. 

"Fuck me first. I want to taste my cunt on your cock." Chad is baffled. Amy has never been shy in the sack but this is beyond anything he's seen.

He's baffled but he eases himself off the couch and over her leg and gets the first look at her pussy since they've been fooling around on the couch. It's dripping. He's never seen her this wet. He can't resist and lowers his head and begins to feast on her snatch, licking and wallowing in her flowing pussy. When he lifts his head his cheeks and chin are shining. Instead of moving forward to slip his cock inside her he stands. 

He bends and puts his hands under Amy's ass. He pulls her forward and up until only the back of her shoulders and head are on the sofa. He rests her ass on top of his thighs and with one hand guides his cock into her. In the position they are in his cock is almost perpendicular to her pussy. As he thrusts his cock presses along the front wall of her cunt. 

A few thrusts and Amy is panting. Vince watches, tugging at his own dick. He believes Chad has miscalculated, pushed it to far, not that it matters, even if it ends on the next thrust they will have been well fucked. He misjudges Chad. He pulls out of Amy and lets her slump to the front of the couch. He bends and kisses her as he lifts under her arms, pulling her back to a sitting position.

As before, he puts one knee on the couch while the other remains on the floor. He cups Amy's head with one hand and urges her forward.

"You want to eat your own pussy off my dick, well her it is." He pauses, perhaps hearing how the words sound out in the open and not bouncing around inside his head.

He lets go of her head and leans down, face softening. "Am, I love you, you know that right? You sure about this baby?"

Amy peeks up at him and smiles. "I love you too baby." Her face hardens and she growls, "I love you but feed me that gorgeous cock of you now or I'll suck Vince off." 

Vince is impressed with her acting skills but personally feels she ruined the effect by winking at Chad as she spoke.

Chad reaches for her, curls his fingers in the hair on top of her head and pulls her forward as his hips move toward her.

Vince scoots back, eager for the show and Amy whips her head around.

"Where the fuck you think you're going?" she hisses.

Vince is startled, not sure if she is acting or not. He struggles to hide his confusion and merely shrugs.

"You've been teasing me all night. I know what that amazing tongue of yours can do. Get down there and eat my pussy. Make me cum, make me cum now." She starts to turn toward her fiancé's cock then turns back. "You leave me hanging this time and I'll bite your dick off and use it for a dildo." 

Vince and Chad gawk at her and she giggles. She screws her face down once more and snarls.

"Now motherfuckers, not tomorrow, now."

-----

Vince finds himself once more kneeling between Amy's legs. The puddle that has collected beneath her ass stuns him. He's flabbergasted at how fucking hot this woman is, the only one who even comes close is his wife, ex-wife he corrects himself.

He presses his chin into the cushion, into the puddle her pussy has made. He pushes his tongue forward and under her, barely able to reach the thicker rim of her ass. Keeping his tongue as rigid as he can he drags it up, over her perineum and into her slit. As he drags his tongue up her pussy his mouth fills and he has to swallow. That is a first for him. It excites him. He tongues her slit from top to bottom but ignores her clit.

He wiggles his tongue between the inner and outer lips, pulling just the outer lips into his mouth were he sucks and licks, feeling them grow even more engorged. He does the same to the more delicate inner lips. His face is sloppy and he turns on occasion to wipe his cheeks on her thighs.

He takes a break to catch his breath. He nuzzles and licks her slick thigh and watches the girl work Chad's cock. She may have wanted him to fuck her mouth but she is clearly in charge. Chad has his hands in her hair but is not moving.

Vince is hesitant, not wanting to risk spoiling the spell they are under. "Dude tell me when you're close."

Chad gasps, "I'm close now. She's fucking unbelievable."

Vince's response is to return to her pussy. Palm up he pushes his middle finger deep into her cunt, as his other fingers spread her wide. Her clit pulses, exposed and ripe, ready for his mouth and tongue. He lowers his mouth.

The finger insides presses hard against her pubis, as if capable of bending the bone, pushing her clit even deeper into Vince's ravaging mouth. He sucks her clit. He sucks it like the miniature cock it is. He runs his tongue over the sides and top of its little shaft. He tongues the head, pushes against the hood as if he could slip his tongue under it.

Her hips begin to buck and he feels her body tense. A few seconds later he senses it is time. He sucks her clit into his mouth and flicks his tongue over it as fast as he is able. She bucks harder, wanting to be deeper in his mouth and get away from it at the same time. 

As she freezes he stops flicking her and simply sucks, sucks and pulls with his lips. He twists his body and head so he can see over her taut belly, see want is happening above him.

At first glance one might assume not much. Both Amy and Chad are strangely still. A closer look shows Amy is pulling hard on her breasts, her mouth open in a silent cry, silent because she has her nose buried in Chad's pubes and her mouth is full of his dick. Chad's ass cheeks are flexing and only after a moment does he push his hips forward, though he's already as deep inside Amy's mouth as he can get.

"Fuck," hisses from his mouth the way a safety valve on a boiler hisses when the pressure gets too high.

Amy's throat works. Chad slowly begins to pull out of her mouth, stopping and wincing at times, as his over-sensitized cock screams that this is all too much.

Amy tries but she cannot take it all. Chad's jizz leaks from one corner of her mouth. As Chad's cock escapes her mouth cum dribbles onto her breast.

Vince had told Amy earlier in the evening that one day Chad would titty fuck her and he, Vince, would clean her up with his tongue. This wasn't quite as he'd planned but fortune no only favored the bold, it favored the adaptable. He rose up on his knees and pressed his body against hers as he dropped his head to his chosen task.