 Chad heard Vince drop off to sleep. He rolled over and Amy, half asleep already, reflexively morphed her body into the perfect shape to fit tightly against his. She was comforted by the feel of his cock pressed along the crack of her ass. He always got hard and most of the time they ended up fucking. Not tonight though, tonight sleep claimed Amy as soon as his arm slipped around her waist. 

Chad could not stop his mind from re-playing the events of the day. He alternated between, relief, hope and despair. He had never intended to tell Amy that on occasion he enjoyed fooling around with guys. He had been smitten with Amy from the first. Before he offered to exchange public vows with her he had already taken a private vow not to fuck this up. 

All his relationships had been with women and until now they had all failed. With Amy it had been easy to ignore other women. Ignoring men was tougher. He told himself not to worry about it. Amy, as fantastic as she was, could not accommodate all his desires. How could she? So it wasn't that stranger that on occasion his mind would think about guys when he jerked off. He had resigned himself to this being one of the costs of being with her. It was a cost he felt he could easily afford. Even in his failed relationships he had been monogamous. He could not imagine cheating on her. He loved her.

Then today happened. He should have stopped her. He thought Amy giving him head in the hot tub would have restored some of his common sense. It did, to an extent. When Amy had suggested going up to Vince's apartment he had rejected the idea. She insisted. He relented. And he'd had a blast, until Amy's melt down. What had followed her melt down had been even better. 

That was the problem. He had resolved, for the sake of his relationship with Amy, to deny, ignore, suppress, kill, to obliterate any and all interest in guys and re-focus that interest on Amy. Now he saw an opening, a way to perhaps satisfy those needs and keep Amy. 

He was relieved she hadn't simply walked out, packed and flown home. 

He was in despair, sure that this hope that Amy would enjoy inviting a guy to join them at times was a stupid and dangerous chimera that would destroy them. 

Despite that he could not help but hope that maybe it would work. Who doesn't hope to have their cake and eat it too?

------

They had met at a club. Salt Lake City was loosening up but night life was not a traditional component of Mormon culture, so options were limited. Even so this club would have been popular in any city, good DJs, plenty of space, reasonably priced drinks and a bar big enough to get them without too long a wait.

He was waiting his turn to order when Amy turned and proceeded to dump two 20 ounce schooners of Blue Moon down the front of his shirt. She let loose with a stream of obscenities that would have singed a sailor. Though the invective seemed to be aimed at him all he could do was smile. She was gorgeous and ridiculous. Even with beer running into his pants he was incapable of being angry with her.

When she slowed done he interrupted her. "Sorry. I really shouldn't have been standing in your way." Her face turned such an amazing shade of pure outrage he laughed out loud. 

At first he was afraid she was going to try to brain him with a schooner but his laughter found a hole in her aura of pissed off and wrap itself around her. She closed her mouth, opened it, closed it, whispered "goddamn it" and found herself smiling.

Chad was lucky. He was not in a relationship so he had no compunction about pursuing her. That was good because in less than fifteen minutes he would be fucking her.

One of the bartender's had seen the mishap and ducked under the bar. He handed Chad a tee shirt, emblazoned with the club's logo and relieved Amy of the now mostly empty schooners. As he turned to leave Chad put a hand on his arm, signaling him to wait.

"Who are you here with?" He asked Amy. 

"A friend." 

"Uh-huh I didn't think both beers were for you. Male friend or female friend?"

"Female."

Chad turned to the bartender and hand him his AmEx. "Make it three please."

Chad turned back to Amy. "After you," he swept an open hand away from his body and dipped his head wondering if he should lay off "Downton Abbey" for a while. 

Amy tried to scowl at him but failed. "Just because I'm here with a female friend doesn't mean you're invited to join us. I could be gay."

Chad shot his eyebrows up, a picture of exaggerated expectations. "Really? Right on."

Amy considered him for a moment then shrugged. "Fine but for the record you aren't as cute as you think you are."

"I'll try harder to be cute then."

Amy might not be gay but Chad was not so sure about her friend Lucy. Lucy was clearly not happy to see Amy returning without her beer and trailing a guy.

"I see you're over Mark. That's a new record for you Ams." 

"Cute. Fuck off by the way. Lucy this is..." She stopped and looked over her shoulder. "Who the fuck are you?"

"I the fuck are Chad. Hi Lucy, sorry to crash the party but your beer is all over my shirt and pants. Replacements are on the way." He turned to Amy. "And who the fuck are you beer spiller?"

"Amy." That was all she said before she sat down and scooted over to make room for Chad to seat.

Chad gestured toward the bathrooms with the tee shirt in his hand, while pulling his wet shirt away from his chest. Amy was trying, and failing, not to notice how nice the chest under the wet shirt looked. His chest was intriguing. The bulge under the wet fabric of his pants was mesmerizing. The outline of his cock was visible through the wet cloth. She had just ended things with a guy that had continued long past its expiration date. She was in a bad mood and she was horny. 

"Are you Mormon?" she asked.

"Um, interesting question but I just ordered a beer."

"Like no Mormons drink. Are you?"

"No." 

"Thank God. I'll come with you."

Mark was a Mormon and a devout one when it came to premarital sex. Amy was not interested in repeating that mistake.

Lucy rolled her eyes and looked pissed.

"Hang on," Chad offered. "Let me get the beers first." 

He had spotted the bartender heading toward their booth. He added a generous tip and signed the receipt. Wallet and credit card safely re-pocketed, he offered Amy a hand getting out of the booth. She took it.

When they reached the bathrooms Chad expected Amy to veer off to join the line for the ladies. She followed him to the door of the men's. 

"Where you going?"

"I going to help you get cleaned up of course. What did you think?" 

------

Chad stood there and Amy pushed past him, ignoring the gasps and giggles from the crowd waiting for the ladies.

By the time Chad followed Amy had staked a claim on one of the sinks and had turned on the hot water. She was ignoring the men standing at urinals or washing their hands but they were not ignoring her. A dude exiting a stall, still tugging at his belt did a double take and then smiled.

Satisfied the water was warm enough, Amy grabbed a heavy paper towel from the basket by the sink and held it under the water. When she looked at Chad he thought she looked irritated. Her voice confirmed his suspicion.

"Well, come on. Take your shirt off." 

"Christ," Chad thought. "She sounds like my mom." He gave a mental shudder at the thought, not because he didn't love his mom but he had no desire to think of her while he was busy getting an erection.

Amy reached out and grabbed his hand and pulled him closer. She started unbuttoning his shirt before he had a chance to do it himself. She ignore the cheers and solo wolf whistle that began behind her back. 

While she unbuttoned the front he draped the bar shirt over the sink and unbuttoned his sleeves. She was having trouble getting the wet tail of his shirt out of his pants. Finished with the sleeves he tugged his shirt free for her. She undid the final button and he slipped it off and laid in on the sink. Amy squeezed the towel out and began to wipe his chest. She wiped his chest, rinsed the towel and wiped his belly. 

The whistles and cheers had died down. The guys were content to watch.

When she finished wiping his belly she stared at him for a moment, head cocked to one side looking as if she were trying to figure out a math problem that had her stumped.

She pressed her fingers to his chest.

"Doesn't seem sticky." She announced then shrugged. "Need to be sure though."

She tilted her head forward and ran her tongue up the middle of his chest. She shook her head. Licked around his left nipple then the right.

She shook her head again. "Nope, still taste like beer."

She grabbed a second towel from the basket, wet it and wiped his chest and belly again.

"Now let's see."

She went straight for his nipple this time. She licked and tongued it until Chad had to lean back against one of the sinks. She moved her mouth to his other nipple. Behind her Chad could see more than one guy started to rub at their crotches.

She leaned further, legs straight, dress pulled tight across her bottom, and her tongue darted in and out of his belly button. Standing she stepped closer.

"Seems ok to me. You taste any beer?" She asked as she pulled Chad's head forward seeking his mouth. 

He tasted nothing on her tongue but Amy and that was enough for him. They kissed long enough for his hands to find her butt. When she pulled away Chad noticed one brave soul had his dick out stroking it. Amy reached past him and he turned his head. 

Standing closer than he expected a guy holding a beer was openly starring at them. Behind the beer dude the bathroom door was crowded with faces struggling to see. Chad felt unease stir in his belly but that was easily swamped by desire.

Beer dude relinquished his beer to Amy without protest. She took a long pull, letting beer run down her chin and onto her chest. Her dress did not have a plunging neck line. It was simple A line dress, the bodice decorated with a long narrow diamond shaped sheer panel that framed her cleavage before plunging nearly to her navel. Once wet with beer the rest of the bodice was nearly as sheer as the panel.

Her nipples and areolas where visible under the wet fabric. The thin bit of cloth that guarded them made them more arousing than if she had been naked.

Amy handed the man back his beer before looking at Chad.

"Do I taste like beer?"

He lowered his mouth to hers and greedily began to suck on her lips and tongue. He licked her chin and her neck until it disappeared behind the top of her dress. Her hands had found his cock. The way they kneaded and pulled at him through his beer soaked pants was a torment.

He took a nipple in his mouth and began to suckle, not milk but beer. She could not reach his cock in this position which was a relief. Her hands twisted in his hair, moving his head from breast to breast. From the doorway he could hear "what's going on" and an occasional "holy fuck".

Her hands left his head for a moment. When they returned they pushed his head away. She stepped back and pulled her unzipped dress down until it hung off her hips. 

Behind her the first guy to have pulled his dick out, muttered "oh fuck yeah baby". Chad saw a few others had begun to openly jerk off as well.

Amy grabbed the sides of her breasts and pushed them together. She let them go, and began to tease her nipples, plucking and pulling, rolling them. When Chad reached for his pants, she moaned "yes."

He popped open the button and unzipped his pants. When he went clubbing he never wore underwear. A close trimmed patch of black was visible in the V of his zipper. He pushed his pants further and pulled his cock from the prison of his left pant leg. 

He wasn't huge but he was uncut. Amy had never dated someone who was uncut. She had to taste him.

She fell to her knees and let go of her right nipple, wrapping her hand around Chad's cock, sliding the foreskin back, exposing the purplish shiny head. When she engulfed it with her lips she was surprised. She really did taste beer.

Her free hand pulled desperately at her dress, she heard a rip where it was caught under her knee but that freed it enough that she could reach under it. Her panties were soaked as she yanked them to one side and began to trace circles around her clit. She felt Chad's hands begin to clench and forced herself to pull her mouth away from him. She leaned forward and licked up the line where his happy trail would have been if he had not been shaved. She tongued his belly button again and then stood. She reached under her dress and squatted. When she stood the panties were in one hand. She tossed them on the head of beer dude.

"Can I have another drink of your beer?"

He handed it to her soundlessly, then pulled her panties off her head. Amy smiled when he stuffed the crotch into his mouth.

She pulled her dress up with one hand, now it was confined to a circle of wadded material around her waist. She took a drink of the beer, then lowered it, tipped it and could not control a shiver as the cold amber liquid flowed over her wet and very hot pussy. She hand the empty glass back to beer dude.

She leered at Chad. "Do you like beer?"

As he stared she put one foot up on the sink. She almost fell backward but a Good Samaritan behind her stepped forward and let her lean against his chest. Steadied, she slipped a hand between her legs, slide her fingers up and down her slit a few times then spread her fingers. Her eyes never left Chad's.

He pulled his eyes away from her gaze. Her pussy was shaved, totally smooth, not even a small landing strip. Her pussy was soaked, soaked in beer and her own secretions. She had the biggest clit he ever seen. It wasn't gross big. As far as he was concerned it was simply fucking hot big, hot big and twitching, commanding his attention.

He obeyed.

He knelt in the puddle of beer and put his mouth on her. She over powered the taste of beer. He tongued her pussy, and then sucked her into his mouth. His hands reached around her to discover that the Good Samaritan already had his hands on her ass. He moved his mouth up, greedy to feel the hard nub of her sex between his lips. He found it and tugged on it with his lips loving the way she pushed herself into his mouth. He circled it with his tongue, stopping once in a while to flick it with the tip of his tongue.

He pressed his mouth around her and sucked on her clit, flicking it faster and faster with his tongue. Her hips began to shake under his hands. 

Suddenly her hands were pulling him up. He looked up, confused, wanting to feel her cum in his mouth.

She looked as if she were in pain. "Fuck me Chad. Please. I want you inside me."

He pulled himself up holding on to the sink. He slipped his hand under the leg she had resting on the sink and stepped closer. Her shoulders still rested on the chest of the guy behind her. Chad wondered how he felt about that and decided that was question for another time. 

He had to squat. Their heights weren't quite right. She grabbed his cock and pointed it home. He rose up and she slide over his cock, a perfect scabbard of hot flesh. 

She was that wonderful combination of wet, ready yet tight. He began to fuck her.

She leaned her head back on the guy behind her and began to chew at her lip. Her hands were locked behind Chad's neck. The sound of his body slapping into her echoed loudly in the tiled space. Inside the bathroom and from outside Chad heard the crowd begin to chant:

"Fuck her. Fuck her."

Amy heard it to. She nodded her head. "Do it Chad. Fuck me. Listen to them. Fuck me."

His thrusts were so powerful her feet were lifted off the floor at the top of each stroke, the head of his dick tried to push into her cervix. It took no more than a couple dozen thrusts before he felt the hands behind his neck begin to quiver. The fingers unlocked and began to clutch at his neck, her nails digging into his skin.

She gasped, held her breath and tensed. A long tremulous "fuck" sighed from her mouth. As it did Chad felt his balls contract and he erupted inside her. He could feel his cum start to run out of her. Some tracked along his cock, clinging to it until it dripped from his ball sack to land in the puddle of beer between their feet

Around them he could hear scattered groans and one angry "watch it asshole."

Amy pulled her leg from his grasped and leaned into him. She was still shaking and he was sure if he let go of her she would fall. Slowly her breathing slowed.

The Good Samaritan leaned over her shoulder.

"That was fucking incredible girl, fucking incredible."

He must have touched her because Chad felt her stiffen. Chad was suddenly afraid this could get ugly. He was in no mood for trouble, especially since he had helped cause it. 

He grinned and nodded. "She is incredible but the show is over."

The Good Samaritan face tightened and he started to say something. Amy turned in Chad's arms, no longer shaking. She reached out and patted the Samaritan on the cheek. Her voice was steady.

"Oh thank you darlin', that's sweet of you to say." Chad almost laughed; it was the worse fake southern accent he'd ever heard.

It seemed to work though. When Amy stepped back and tugged her dress down the guy said nothing. She shrug her arms into the dress, her back still to Chad.

"Baby could you zip me up?" Her voice was as calm as if they were standing in their own bedroom getting ready to go to another of his boss's dreadful cocktail parties. 

Mentally shrugging and still worried he replied. "Sure sweetheart". He zipped her dress, kissed her shoulder and then bent to pull his own pants up, not wanting to be literally caught with his pants down if things got ugly. The tee shirt the bartender had provided still lay draped over the sink. He grabbed it and jerked it on quickly. 

They started to make their way out of the bathroom. At least one guy was still beating off in the corner by the door. There was not a lot of movement to clear the way for them and Chad's fear climbed a notch.

Outside the door a voice bellowed. "What the hell is going on in there?" 

At that the crowd began to move. Amy was able to slip out just in time. Chad was pretty sure the manager saw her slip out. The manager gave her a long look and then let it drop. 

He began to wave people back toward the club. "Come on people, get out of the way. I can't sell drinks unless folks can get back here to make room for 'em. Let's move it."

Chad and Amy hurried past him, ignoring his pointed looks, and hurried toward the table. Lucy was looking more pissed than ever. The three beers sat untouched. 

"Where the fuck you been? What the fuck is going on back there?" As was her wont, something Chad would discover in the near future, Amy responded by giggling. 

"We should go," she got out between giggles.

"Go? Why? We just got here. We haven't even had a drink yet."

Amy picked up a schooner. Chad watched as she chugged off a good third of it. She nodded toward the beer in front of her friend. 

"Seriously, drink up, we need to go." As Lucy started to reply Amy cut her off. "There were two people fucking in the bathroom, they kind of drew a crowd, a kind of frisky crowd. We should go."

"What do you mean a couple of people were fucking in the bathroom? Who would..." Lucy's voice tailed off and her eyes grew big. "Amy you didn't?" Her eyes swiveled to Chad and he found himself unable to look at her. He dropped his head.

Lucy's voice was low. "I don't believe it. I had no idea you were such a slut. Christ you met him like, what, five minutes ago. Jesus." She shook her head. "Fine. Let's go." She picked up the untouched beer and topped Amy by draining half of it.

Amy turned to look at Chad. "Hurry up or do you want me to watch me get gang banged on one of the tables?" 
