 Matt and Janet were friends I introduced in the previous story "Magic Brownies". We shared an off and on threesome for several years during the 1970's. 

_________

Before the days of fiberglass spas, hot tubs were real wooden tubs, Oversized barrels made of redwood or cedar, handcrafted to be watertight and deep. I wasn't surprised when Matt told me that Janet had bought him one for his birthday and had it installed in their back yard last week. 

The invitation to try it out brought an immediate acceptance from me and I agreed to meet at their place Saturday evening. 

When I arrived, Janet met me at the door wearing a dark kimono/robe. Even in this Asian outfit she was every bit a southern belle. Her lilting accent dripped with sensuality, and true to the southern tradition she had the hospitality thing down. She offered me a soda and ushered me into the living room to wait for Matt. He had gone to the store for dinner and snacks. 

As we chatted she brought me up to date on the latest goings on in her life and quizzed me about mine. With Janet the topic of sex was never very distant and soon she was asking about my love life. 

I told her I had not had much luck finding anyone significant but made up for it in a number of casual relationships. She cajoled me to get details of the latest sexual encounter. Janet loved the idea of men having sex. For her it was as good as lesbian porn is for many straight men, so she delighted in details of my sex life, as well as watching me have sex with her husband.

I was describing a really hot guy I had met at the bar one night when I noticed Janet starting to squirm a bit. As I detailed the events of our first encounter, it was obvious Janet was getting turned on. 

"So did he have a big cock?" She asked, with eagerness in her voice.

"Well, it was good sized, but his butt was his most wonderful asset." I grimaced at the unintentional pun.

"God, I love guys with nice round butts" Janet pulled her feet up under her on the couch and leaned forwar

"He had a butt that wouldn't quit. Firm, round and bitable." I smiled, "And his asshole was so talented, He wanted me to fist him so bad, he practically sucked my hand into him."

Janet got a confused look on her face. " Fist? I'm afraid that's a new one on me."

I realized I had opened Pandora's box now. Fisting was pretty out of the mainstream back then and only a few guys were into it. In the leather community it was not that rare, and since I was a burgeoning leatherman I had learned the basics of fisting as part of my sexual repitoir. Now I was going to have to explain this edgy practice to Janet! 

"Where to begin?" I mused, "You sure you want to know about this?"

"Don't worry about me, hon." Janet drawled, " I'm a big girl."

Blushing a little I continued, " First of all, they guy has to be really clean, I am talking squeaky clean asshole."

"Couple of enemas?" She asked.

I nodded, "so once the guy is really cleaned out, you start by putting a few handfuls of Crisco in his ass." 

"Slippery!" She grinned.

" Has to be." I replied. "And I make sure my fingernails are trimmed to the nub. Don't want any snags."

Janet looked at me with a genuine curiosity, and more than a little lust. " I guess you are playing with his ass the whole time?"

"Yes, continuously, it's a really erotic, sensual experience if it's done right. So once his ass is nice and lubed up, I coat my hand with more Crisco and start fingering him."

Janet squirmed a little.

"Working my finger in and out of his ass until I think he's ready for a second finger."

"Ummmm." Janet moaned, still entranced in my description.

"Slowly I rotate my fingers in his asshole, making it relax and feel real good, then I add a third finger very slowly. Now three fingers is about the size of an average cock."

"I love getting fucked in the ass. " Janet said, "but how on earth can you take more than that up your ass?"

" Slow and steady wins the race." I chuckled. " The forth finger is not too hard, by now I am putting all four fingers in and out of his ass. All the way up to my thumb, wiggling them gently and making him feel good."

"Gives me goose bumps, among other things." Janet squirmed on the couch.

"So with this guy, going further was easy, for some guys it takes several sessions, but my hands are pretty narrow. So I gently easing my thumb alongside my other fingers, my hand kinda looking like a swan, burrowing it's way into his hot asshole. Damn that guy had a fiery ass. Felt so warm."

I saw one of Janet's hands duck inside the folds of her kimono robe.

"Then gently I just tell him to take me inside him, and he really controls it from there. His ass sort of began to suck my hand into him. I pressed very little, just enough to get my knuckles in. Before I knew it my whole hand was in up to the wrist."

"Oh my God!" Janet moaned. " That sounds amazing."

"It feels amazing, for both people. Once I was inside him I began stroking his cock. It had gone limp while I was entering him, but it rose to the occasion. I love feeling a guy orgasm while my hand is inside his ass. It's incredible."

Janet shivered and I realized she had been doing a little handiwork of her own. She moaned with her orgasm. I correctly assumed she was fingering herself inside the robe as I told her my story.

About that time, Matt walked in with groceries.

" Hey guys! Sorry I took so long. The store was a mob scene. Matt proceeded to the kitchen and began unloading the food.

Janet staggered to her legs and followed. "Matt, why don't you two go ahead and hit the hot tub and I'll unload the groceries?" 

Matt ducked back into the living room and waved to me, "Come on, you gotta try this out, it's great."

As we walked toward the patio door Matt began dropping clothing and soon was naked as he headed out the door. I followed, stripping off my briefs as I arrived on the patio.

The hot tub was steaming and looked really inviting. Matt climbed up the steps and over the side sinking into the hot water up to his shoulders. I followed and let the hot water of the tub wrap me in warmth. It felt wonderful.

"This is nice." I said.

Matt moved to one side of the tub and flipped a switch. With a rumble bubbles began to rise from the bottom of the tub. With the steam and noise it looked like we were in a vat of boiling water. The bubbles caressing and fondling every part of my body instantly brought my cock to full attention.

Matt floated over nearby, he reached out and grabbed my hard cock underwater. 

"It always has that effect, " Matt chuckled. " Nice isn't it?"

"Sure is." I said as I felt Matt stroking my cock in the bubbling water.

"Have a seat on the bench. It runs all around the tub"

I sat on the submerged wooden bench and surrendered to the steaming waters. Matt reclined nearby, having released his grip on my cock. 

In a few minutes, Janet emerged from the house; she had three glasses of wine. Matt and I each took one and she put her's on the rim of the tub. She turned and dropped her robe revealing her shapely body and full breasts then stepped up over the edge and joined us in the bubbling tub.

As she sat back and began sipping her wine she sighed. " Oh that is just what I needed." 

"Hard day?" Matt asked,

"No just got all worked up listening to a little story."

Matt smiled and looked my way. "Turning my wife on with one of your adventures?"

"I had no idea the effect it would have on her." I said with a little sheepishness in my voice.

Janet smiled. "Oh you both know how hot I get thinking about two guys having sex…or watching two guys have sex."

Matt took the hint and floated over to me. Grasping my hard cock underwater he pulled me to my feet in the tub. Looking over at Janet he winked and asked, "So I suppose it would turn you on to watch me suck a big stiff cock?"

Janet shivered and smiled. "You know it would, honey."

I sat on the side of the tub, my rigid dick painfully erect. Spreading my legs, I watched Matt move between them. He licked his lips as he neared my swollen dick.

"That's it, honey. Suck that beautiful cock for me" Janet whimpered.

Matt's hot lips enveloped my cock, diving all the way to the base, forcing my cock down his throat. Matt loved sucking dick, especially for his horny wife's pleasure. As he lovingly devoured my cock, I watched Janet as her hands disappeared below the water's surface. Her squirming told me she was really enjoying the show.

Matt's ands began kneading my swollen nuts as he sucked, making it all the more difficult for me not to immediately blow my load into his hungry mouth. I was as greedy as he was, and so I tried to make this last as long as possible. 

As Matt continued to suck my cock, I felt a hand running over the curve of my ass. Janet had moved closer and was caressing me as her husband devoured my throbbing dick. Her delicate fingers were stroking up and down the cleft of my butt, her fingernails lightly scratching the skin. The combination of her hands and Matt's mouth was sending me over the edge.

Matt looked up at me and dove down on my cock until his nose was buried in my pubic hair, at the same time; Janet began tickling the rim of my ass with her fingers. I groaned, "I am gonna cum if you keep that up."

"That's the idea, honey." Janet purred. Matt mumbled an affirmative about the time my whole body shook. My cock erupted with white hot cum, pulsing into Matt's hungry mouth. He sputtered a bit but kept sucking, swallowing as much as he could. Janet's finger on my asshole was making my whole body jerk as I spewed into her husband's mouth.

It was only a few seconds until the sensations were too much and I had to withdraw my cock before Matt drove me crazy. Panting and laughing I splashed back down into the hot tub. Janet leaned over to Matt and shared the last drops of my cum he had saved for her. 

"Oh God, that is so hot!" She panted, licking her lips. 

Matt smiled at me and winked. "Maybe later you can show me what you were telling Janet about that got her so worked up?"

Janet took a sip of her wine and chuckled, "We still have to make dinner, and since I'm making fried chicken, I know we have plenty of Crisco."