 FAY STOPS BY WITH A FRIEND

I called Fay Friday night to see what her plans were for the weekend. She told me that she and her girlfriend Molly were going to the shore early Saturday and they would be staying at Spring Lake. We made plans to hook up for lunch at the Fish House and then I would hang with them afterward.

On Saturday morning I woke up to the sound of rain pelting off the roof. "What's with this weather lately?" I wondered. It had been beautiful for the past four days and now it was raining on the weekend. I got up and put on a pot of coffee and turned on the TV to catch the news. The weather man called for rain all day Saturday ending Saturday night. I decided to call Fay and see if they were still going to Spring Lake.

There was no answer at her place so I assumed that they had already left. I poured a cup of coffee and relaxed in my favorite chair. I listen to music and the patter of the rain. That melody was interrupted when the phone rang. It was Fay calling me from a pay phone. She didn't have much change so I told her to hang up and that I would call her back.

I called the pay phone and Fay answered, "So what are you up to? We can still meet for lunch if you're still going to Spring Lake," I offered.

"I don't know. Molly and I are still debating whether to make the trip or not. It is supposed to be nice tomorrow but today will be a bust," she said sounding disappointed.

"You know you are welcome to come here. You both can crash here and then head for the beach in the morning. It would be a much shorter trip for you," I proposed.

"That's a thought. There's hardly any traffic today and we could hit the beach early tomorrow. Let me talk with Molly and get back to you. We're in a diner now having coffee," Fay replied.

"Okay I'll be here when you call," I promised.

We hung up and I poured another cup of coffee. I had met Molly once but I didn't know much about her other than she worked with Fay. They were both teachers at the same Junior High School in North Jersey. I remembered Molly to be cute in a mysterious kind of way. She was petite and somewhat shy. Molly and Fay had talked about moving in together but nothing had transpired yet. I was in a total relaxed state when the phone rang again.

"Hi, it's me. We are going to take you up on your offer and stay at your place tonight. We should be there about lunch time," Fay told me.

"Great, I'll take you two to lunch when you get here," I said and then we hung up quickly.

I straightened up the house, changed the sheets in the guest room and then showered and dressed. I called the Colt's Inn to see if I needed reservations for lunch but they were not busy. Fay and Molly arrived about 12:30 and I greeted them both. Fay kissed me and Molly and I shook hands. I could not help but check Molly out, as she looked more like a student then a teacher. 

Molly looked to be only 5'3" and couldn't have weighed more than 90 pounds. She had a cute little figure with bumps in the right places and her ass was clearly her best attraction. Her legs were slender and shapely and she had tiny breasts. Molly wore her hair in a pixie style which suited her fine. He face was cute in a strange way because she had a kind of mousy look about her.

"Are you ready for lunch or do you want to relax first?" I asked.

"Let's eat, we're both hungry and we can get our bags later," Fay suggested.

I drove the two girls down to Colt's Neck and we had a leisurely and enjoyable lunch. After lunch we returned to my house and the girls brought their bags inside. Molly looked around and said, "Nice pad."

"Wait till you see the backyard," Fay chimed in.

The girls dropped their bags in the guest bedroom and I opened a bottle of white wine for them. I poured the drinks and then we walked outside and stood under the overhang as the rain pelted the pool deck. Molly liked the setup with the pool, pool deck, Jacuzzi and landscaped privacy.

"Ever do any skinny dipping or nude sunbathing out here," Molly asked.

I smiled and replied, "I think you know that I do."

"Yeah I guess I do," she smirked. 

"Can you believe this fucking weather?" Molly blurted out surprising me with her language.

"It's too bad, it has been nice all week and now the rain. Tomorrow is supposed to be better," I responded.

"Yeah, let's hope so. I have had enough of this shit," Molly said curtly.

"I'm going to wash that mouth of yours out with soap Molly," teased Fay.

"Maybe you should wash it out with your pussy juice," Molly snapped back.

Now I was really surprised and somewhat stunned. It posed the question if Molly and Fay had a thing going. Fay had never mentioned it if they did. "Come on let's go inside," I suggested trying to change the conversation.

"Can we use the hot tub?" Molly asked.

"Sure you can. Let me get the wine and some plastic cups. We sure don't want broken glass in the hot tub," I stated.

I took the glasses from them and brought them inside. I switched my scotch to a plastic cup and returned to the pool deck with the drinks. When I got back outside the girls were already in the Jacuzzi and they were both naked. I saw their clothes folded on a chair under the overhang. I placed the wine bottle in the ice bucket on the table and then handed the girls their wine cups. I poured wine for both of them before I joined them in the hot tub. I stripped off my clothes and placed them with the girl's clothes. I noticed that Molly took a good look at my cock as I entered the Jacuzzi. Fay had seen it many times before so she was not surprised.

While we drank and relaxed in the Jacuzzi I learned that Molly was into girls but that she also liked anal sex. I was amazed how quickly we had gotten to the topic of sex and I was equally amazed how Molly seemed to do all the talking. Fay just sat there, sipped her wine and smiled at times. She also blushed once in awhile at Molly's revelation of their relationship. 

"Have you got something for us to wear? I don't want to put our clothes back on just to go in the house," Molly requested.

I got out of the tub and retrieved the beach towels. I held a towel for each of them as they stepped out of the hot tub. We all picked up our clothes and went back in the house. I put my clothes in my room and then I walked naked into the guest bedroom. Molly smiled at me and suggested that we get down to business. Both women dropped the beach towels and stood before me in their naked beauty. Molly was clearly in charge as she told to get in bed on her back. Fay lay on her back and opened her legs for me then she stroked her pussy in anticipation. 

"I want you to fuck Fay first but don't cum in her pussy yet because I will be eating it later," Molly directed and it was very clear that she would run the show. 

"Also I don't want you to come anywhere near my pussy with that cock of yours. If you do, I swear I will cut it off. Play by my rules and I will let you fuck my ass later," Molly added.

Molly may have been only 5'3" and 90 pounds but she was one tough cookie. I crawled up on the bed and between Fay's legs. She wrapped her shapely legs around my torso and pressed her heels against my buttocks. Fay was still snug when I entered her pussy so I took my time fucking her and as always I let her get used to my cock. Soon my cock was buried in her quim and we both picked up the pace. I made a conscious effort to keep my cock in contact with her clit.

Fay and I were humping each other like mad now as we both raced toward our first orgasm of the day. Fay pulled my head down and kissed me deeply as she threw her hips into me. Fay's body tensed and she groaned into my mouth as her orgasm overtook her. We kept right on fucking and kissing as it seemed that Fay could cum again. I felt my own orgasm approaching as the familiar feeling in my balls was present but I remembered Molly's words and I pulled out of Fay before I came in her pussy. 

Molly sensed what happened and she replaced me between Fay's legs and sunk a strap-on cock into her lover's cunt. I was totally surprised to see Molly wearing a strap-on. She must have had it in her bag and put it on while I was busy with Fay. The strap-on looked larger than it really was on Molly's petite body. Fay's body leaped out of control and she pounded her pelvis into Molly as she experienced another intense orgasm. It was really hot to watch Molly fuck her lover as it was the first time I had ever seen these two girls fuck. 

Molly pulled out of Fay, got between her legs and licked at her snatch. I watched as Molly knelt between her friend's legs and sucked the juices from her pussy. I noticed that Molly's thighs were firm and trim just the way I like them. My eyes then went to her round and firm ass. I located the lubricant in the room and I fingered Molly's snug anus. I was incredibly excited about fucking her tight round ass. I knelt behind Molly and shoved my cock into her ass. She moaned as she felt the intrusion and wiggled her ass in approval. I slowly fucked her from behind and fondled her sensuous ass flesh. 

Molly lifted her face off of Fay's pussy long enough to say, "I love the way you feel in my ass."

Fay then blurted out, "Do it, she loves it in the ass."

Molly grunted as my cock made its way into her tunnel. I stopped with my cock halfway home and allowed her to get used to the thickness. I knew that my cock was probably the largest one she ever had in her ass and I didn't want her to feel any discomfort. Molly then pushed her ass back toward me and I reciprocated by pushing back and sinking my dick in further into her channel. Soon my entire cock was buried to the hilt and I began fucking her ass slowly and deliberately. 

Fay maneuvered herself around so that she and Molly were in a 69 position. I felt Fay at my balls as I continued to fuck Molly's ass. Fay reached up with her hand and tickled my balls and scraped her finger along the shaft of my cock. This was too much for me and I ejaculated deep into Molly's ass filling it with my seed. Molly clenched her anal muscles and squeezed my cock as it was buried in her ass. Fay's tongue was at work now and she licked all along my perineum and tight ball sac. Molly's ass humped up and down dislodging my cock from her ass. Cum ran out of her dilated asshole and over her pussy lips down her inner thighs. Molly collapsed face down on the bed and Fay stroked Molly's body and played with her ass as Molly just cooed.

"My God that was incredible Walt. I love being with you," Molly sighed.

"Well you are pretty incredible too, that was great sex," I replied. 

The three of us remained in bed with Linda in the middle. Linda was stroking my cock and Molly was fingering Linda's pussy. I was hard again in no time and as before Molly directed the action. She had Fay mount me and ride my cock as Molly played with Fay's ass. Molly lubed up Fay's ass and then she inserted her fingers in Fay's bottom. Next Molly retrieved some anal beads that she had brought with her and one by one she pushed them into Fay's bottom. Fay went wild with the double penetration and she bounced up and down on my cock as she grabbed her own tits in her state of ecstasy. Fay screamed that she was cumming and Molly pulled the beads slowly out of Fay's ass. Each time a bead popped out of her asshole Fay spasmed and groaned aloud. When the last bead cleared her sphincter Fay collapsed on my chest. I put my arms around her and kept fucking her as her body trembled in my grasp. Molly had then put on a smaller and thinner strap-on dildo and slid it into Fay's ass. Fay gasped again at the anal intrusion and then muffled her scream in my shoulder.

"Keep fucking her, don't cum yet," Molly yelled.

Molly pounded Fay's ass and I could feel the hardness of the rubber cock against my own cock through the thin membrane separating Fay's pussy and asshole. Fay was writhing with continuous orgasms until she finally stopped moving and lay still on top of me. Molly backed off her and she looked kinky with the strap-on cock dangling from her petite body. Molly lifted Fay off me with my help and Fay collapsed face down next to me on the bed.

Molly whispered to me, "It's time. I want to see you take her ass. Put plenty of grease on that monster and don't hurt her." 

I had no intention of hurting Fay but as I stared at her perfect ass I had to caution myself not to rush it. I was about to take her anal virginity and I didn't want to do anything to screw it up. I applied lots of lotion and then saliva to my cock as I prepared for my fantasy ass fuck to come true. I got on the bed behind Fay and lifted her almost lifeless body up so that her ass was in the air. She kept her head on the mattress and she had a distant dreamy expression on her face as if she was in a different world. Fay in spite of her adoption of anal sex by Molly had never let me put my monster in her ass. Even at her weakest moments she was able to fend me off, until now. 

I slid my cock into Fay's tender asshole. Although she had been loosened up by the beads and the dildo, my cock was stretching her to new dimensions. Fay shook her head no, but no words came out of her mouth. She was like a rag doll in my hands and I steadily pushed my cock into her until it was buried in her ass. I fucked her slowly at first and then I really picked up the pace. I pounded her ass and my hips slapped against her ass causing her incredible ass cheeks to jiggle. Fay just moaned and grunted with every thrust of my body. She was incapable of another orgasm so I was just using her for my pleasure. I added another ass fuck to my collection and this was one of the finest ever.

"Oh yeah, fuck her ass, fuck it," encouraged Molly.

I gave her one final thrust then I stiffened and shot my wad into Fay's asshole. I moved my hips slowly as my cock softened somewhat and I watched as cum trickled out of Fay's ass. Finally my cock softened slightly and slipped out of Fay's ass with an audible popping sound as more cum ran out of her ass and down over her cunt lips. Molly moved to my side and stroked my cock back to an erect state as she coaxed me to fuck Fay's ass again.

"Fuck her ass again. Look at it, look at her beautiful ass. It is dying to be fucked again. You know she wants it and you want to do it," Molly was relentless in her coaxing.

I grabbed Fay by the hips and pulled her lifeless body back up until she was on all fours. I pushed a thick finger into her asshole and tested her tightness then I added a second finger which caused Fay to gasp. I worked the two fingers in and out of her ass stretching her as much as I could. I then placed my big erect cock back between Fay's beautiful smooth round ass cheeks and pushed into her asshole. 

As I entered her a second time Fay pleaded, "It hurts, it hurts, please don't." 

But I was not to be denied this beautiful ass and I was resolved to take her again. Fay tried to move away from me and ended up on the bed lying flat on her stomach. I followed her to the prone position and lay on top of her shapely body with my huge cock between her ass cheeks and in her asshole. I began to hump Fay at a slow pace and then faster with my hips pumping into her. Fay's screams and moans were louder than ever as her lithe body took my big cock. Fay started taking my cock better this time and unconsciously massaged it with her amazing sphincter muscles. I lifted her back to her knees on all fours and reached around to feel her tits. Her nipples were rock hard as I twirled them in my fingers. I then moved one hand down to play with her pussy and Fay went wild humping her hips faster and faster. Then I placed both hands on her hips and watched my cock penetrate her curvy ass as she moved her hips in time with my humps.

Fay yelled for all to hear, "Oh my God, fuck me, fuck me, please fuck me!"

I complied with her demands and pounded her ass as hard as I could. Molly scrambled to get underneath Fay and fastened her mouth to her pussy. Fay orgasmed again as Molly's mouth closed around her pussy and nibbled her clit. Fay squeezed her ass cheeks together as she orgasmed and I joined her and shot a huge load of cum deep into her ass. Fay screamed and moaned as she felt me pump several shots of cum into her rectum. Fay's beautiful body radiated heat as Molly continued to lick her pussy and I pumped cum into her ass. Fay was almost out of breath but started to return to normal breathing as Molly and I caressed her body lovingly. I eased my cock from her ass and traces of cum ran out of her asshole between her cheeks and over her pussy. Molly pulled away before any cum got close to her. Fay was drained and lifeless on the bed but Molly needed to cum. 

She looked at me and asked, "Would you be willing to eat my pussy?"

"Are you sure you want me to do that?" I asked in reply.

"Yes I need to cum so bad. I trust you. I have never had a guy eat me before but I do trust you," Molly said cautiously.

I moved between her legs and moved my mouth toward her and closed it over her pussy shoving my tongue into her wetness. Molly cried out and grabbed my head and held it tight to her quim. I lapped at her pussy as I fingered her with two fingers. Then I spread her pussy lips apart and located her throbbing clit peeking out from its protective hood. Molly was really excited as her erect clit looked like a teeny dick sticking out. I sucked on her hard clit and she bucked her hips up into my face. I reached under her and cupped her shapely ass cheeks in my hands as I drove into her pussy with my tongue and nibbled on her clit.

"Oh sweet Jesus, I'm cumming. Hold me, please hold me tight," she screamed as she lost it.

The climax rocked her body and I held on for dear life as she thrashed, twisted and bucked all over the bed. I kept right on eating her pussy and I held onto her shapely ass as she thrashed about. Molly slowly calmed after her intense orgasm and I continued to lick her until her pussy was dry. 

"Oh that was something I really came hard. Thank you, thank you!" she murmured.

We were all drained and we collapsed on the bed together. Limbs were spread over limbs and the three of us were oblivious toward each other. I was the first to stir and I need a drink and a dip in my Jacuzzi. I eased my exhausted body out of bed and let the legs and arms that were over me, slip from my body. I left Molly and Fay in the bed and then got a drink and went back in the hot tub. There was something very relaxing about the Jacuzzi after an exhaustive round of sex.

Minutes later Fay joined me in the Jacuzzi. She had brought her glass of wine with her too. She smiled at me while I stared at her naked beauty. I looked at her fabulous ass and quickly reflected on fucking it earlier. 

"How do you feel?" I asked.

"A little tender and constipated," she replied.

Fay sat right next to me and turned her face toward me for a kiss. We sat next to each other with our thighs touching, sipping our drinks and talking about our threesome. Fay loved the backyard with its privacy and that we could be naked together. Then she told me about a proposition that she had for me.

"You know that every summer I spend it at the shore with other girls. We all share a house for the summer," Fay began.

"Yes I remember," I agreed.

"Well my apartment lease is up at the end of June. Molly and I have plans to move in together but the new apartment won't be available until September 1st. I was wondering if I could move in with you from July 1st through August 31st until my new place is ready," Fay requested.

"Wow that is a surprise proposition!" I exclaimed.

"I know it's a lot to ask but I wouldn't be here that much. I would spend most of the time at the shore but I do need a place to call home in the interim," she explained.

"What about all your stuff?"

"I'll put the furniture in storage for the two months but my clothing, jewelry and personal items I would keep here, if it's okay with you."
