 It was early yet. Carol and I decided to walk around for a bit checking things out before really committing ourselves to anything. It promised to be a long night, and we wanted to pace ourselves as opposed to wearing ourselves out, even as aroused as we both were.

"Where might you be later?" I asked Diane just before we left.

"Look for me at the Black Hole," she smiled. I laughed.

"Ok, and how will we find you in there?" Though we hadn't seen it yet, the talk was all about how wild and crazy that place was, everyone painted up in florescent paint beneath the black-light, hard to even distinguish anything except for that.

"No worries," she giggled hotly. "I'll write my name on my dick, you can look for me that way." Again I had to laugh.

"That could certainly prove interesting," I chuckled, though so did Carol as she leaned over kissing Diane good-bye for the time being.

"Looking forward to that," Carol added as we soon left heading out towards the pool area for a look around. Approaching the courtyard near the pool, we saw what appeared to be a long panel off to one side, and interestingly enough, six well placed spots appearing in it with a decorative sign overhead reading: "Glory Hole Corner". Sure enough, five of the six spots actually showed that men were standing behind each of them with their hard cocks sticking through. Carol and I stopped near by, watching, looking on for a moment as many people passed by. Most of which, men and women...walking over where they indeed copped a feel from each, some sucking, and even one or two women backing into a cock or two for a quick nasty fuck before heading off again.

"Interesting," I mused.

"Yes, isn't it?" Carol agreed. "You should go over and try it while there's an open spot. I wouldn't mind indulging myself either for a moment."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah. Could be fun."

"Sure, why not?" I agreed, and then sauntered over, walking around back behind the panel where five other guys stood, each enjoying the obvious pleasure of anonymous groping, or oral from total and complete strangers. I stood, now likewise sticking my own hard cock through the opening, wondering if anyone 'besides' my wife, would find interest in it. Though I knew now given the opportunity here, Carol would indeed no doubt be amusing herself with the five other pricks that so decadently appeared there.

To my surprise, it wasn't long before I felt someone's mouth wrapping itself around my dick, and it didn't feel the same way Carol usually did it either, so I was pretty sure it was someone else besides her who was doing it. I enjoyed the all too brief, pleasurable sensation however, surprised that I did...as much as I did. It was uniquely different, having your cock played with, fondled and sucked, and unable to see who was doing it, only the intense sensation of feeling it as they did. I felt one or two others likewise give it a stroke or two, along with another minutes nice sucking before deciding to rejoin my wife on the other side and continue our exploration of this place. She was still mouthing a rather large thick black cock when I joined her on the other side.

"You've ah...got some cum clinging to one of your tits there," I pointed out to her. She looked down laughing at herself. 

"Yeah, I shared one with another gal just before you came around," she informed me. "Shared a cum-swap with her."

"Nice, bet that was fun."

"It was. Enjoy yourself back there?" She asked.

"I did yes. And I bet you weren't one of them either where you?"

"Nope, I wasn't. More fun watching, knowing which cock was yours though as people came by to sample it. Enjoy the blowjob?" She asked.

"In fact I did. You saw who it was then yes?"

"I did. But I'm not telling. Was it good?"

"Very nice. Whoever was sucking my cock, sure as hell knew how to suck one, I will say that."

Carol laughed, winking at me. "No surprise there," she quipped, and then took my hand in hers leading me off back towards the pool area where we thought we'd at least look in and see if that was any interest for later. She wore her cum-drool splatter still clinging to her nipple like a badge of honor. Something so simple as that, looking obscenely decadent had indeed set the mood and the stage for the evening ahead.

**

We quickly made our way over to the pool area for a look-see. It was enormous! Beautifully back-lit, with a large water-bar out in the middle, several people either standing chest deep, or on water stools with sipping on drinks. All about, others either floated in specially designed float-chairs that looked next to impossible to tip over. But even more functionally perhaps, was how easy it appeared to sit in one, especially if one was in the mood for a bit of oral pleasuring while simply sitting there. More than one woman sat, floating about with either a man or woman between her legs, orally servicing her. One or two men were as well, which again to me looked quite exciting as well as relaxing in a way, and I made a mental note that we would indeed eventually try it out. Though for the moment at least, we decided to venture on, and now head over towards the "Black Hole" and find out what the mystery to this place was all about.

It was easy enough to find. Already a line of people stood waiting to get in as we joined them. The sound of wild music easily heard coming from inside. It didn't take long, and we were soon entering what appeared to be the entry painting chamber. All kinds of colorful paint-pots, spray cans and brushes stood available for everyone as they stood adorning themselves in whatever patterns or desires they liked. Carol had me just splatter her with a few different colors for the most part, though careful to stay away from her face and head, as most everyone else seemed to be doing as well.

"How about a Smurf cock?" She grinned, soon after adorning my cock in blue from balls to tip, along with several other wild vivid colors, lines and streaks everywhere else. We were soon ready, and then entered into another long dark hallway, the sounds ahead much more easily heard now, the lights beyond hinting at what we'd already come to expect. It was truly an amazing sight. The black lights themselves far different perhaps that what I was used to, or expecting. The room itself pitch black, even the furniture which we could barely even see was all black. Couches, chairs, some sort of twin bed platforms on a small stage, each one of which already had a myriad of people scrambling around on. And then next to it, a wide open area, many people dancing, or simply standing there touching one another. Though it was actually hard to make much of anyone's actual shapes out. It was all about the light, and the crazy designs everyone was wearing that stood out, quite the bizarre sight to see. Flickering psychedelic images, body parts, some wildly painted, others only hinting at an image here or there, actually looking in some ways as missing or unattached, almost floating nearby, looking a bit macabre then in some ways, yet eerily erotic.

Carol and I had already discussed this earlier, deciding that one we came in, we'd head out to the dance floor, start there, and then just let things naturally happen, in whatever manner that they took. We were here after all to experiment, have a good time, and really let our hair down so to speak. Not too surprisingly, it didn't take long as we stood there when someone came up from behind my wife, his or her hands reaching around to cup her paint splattered breasts, traces of the paint just barely showing through fingers as they clasped each, squeezing and cupping them. I then felt someone myself, suddenly reaching behind me, beneath my legs, slowly starting to stroke my cock. And then someone else, kneeling below me, though at first I hadn't even realized it, they wore little if any body paint at all, looking more like a disjointed shadow as my blue cock suddenly disappeared into someone's mouth.

By the time I looked up again, I saw that Carol was being carried off by two people towards one of the raise platform beds. She'd obviously be busy for a while, turning my attention back to the pleasure I was receiving as someone knelt before me, sucking my cock. It was then that I felt another presence however standing next to me, looking over, though only really seeing that it was a woman, one who wore very little body paint. Just white colored areolas with purple colored nipples, though the most startling contrast appeared to be the fact she had thoroughly soaked her pussy in bright pink paint, which stood out as though again disembodied, this cunt...seemingly hovering there in space as she stood openly displaying it for me. I reached down, enjoying the feel of her wet slippery grove as I began finger-fucking her, someone else now saddling up as well, leaning over to begin sucking on one of her breasts, which in a strange way sort of disappeared as they stood doing that. Once again, I was truly being treated to a magnificent blowjob, enhanced by all the provocative sounds being heard, taking place around me as people openly fucked, moaning and groaning away their pleasures in such a disjointed, bizarre sort of way.

"Enjoying yourself?" A familiar voice asked. I looked down, not at all surprise to discover this very rigid looking cock sticking out next to me, the name "Diane" clearly hand written in white paint along it's length. "See? I told you I'd be easy enough to find," she spoke, now reaching over to grab my Smurf cock, giving it a gentle feel as whoever had been sucking it previously, gently melted away back into the throng of the room beyond.

"Very much so," I told her. "As is my wife. She's somewhere over there, amidst all that," I directed, though again the platforms beyond seemed to be a sea of people and vivid colors, all climbing over and around everyone as they switched placed, sucked or fucked, or did whatever the hell they felt like doing to whoever while they were there.

"Yeah, I can imagine she might be there for a while. You should try that yourself, quite the experience really if you're open-minded enough," she added. I could certainly see why it would be, already wondering if I was...or could.

"We'll see," I said instead. Not quite ready to venture quite that far.

"Well, like I said earlier, if you're interested, I'd love it if you and your wife would care to join Charlie and I later back at our bungalow, say about an hour from now?" She asked. She quickly gave me directions on how and where to find it. I was actually looking forward to that, and told her that by hook or crook, we'd be there, and then stood watching as she moved off, quickly disappearing back into the crowd from which she came. It was time to go in search of my wife.

**

Though it took a few minutes, I eventually found her. To my surprise, she was currently engaged with the bright pink painted pussy I'd been fingering earlier, the two of them happily engaged there on the bed, going down on one another. I squeezed in between them and another couple, with a woman sitting on some guys cock, another near her as she sucked on what almost looked like a candy-cane cock, just managing to speak loud enough into my wife's ear so she could hear above the noise, letting her know I had run into Diane, and that we'd been invited over later.

"Sweet," she told me. "But since you're here...there's something I would love to see and do," she told me, rolling me over onto my back, and then directing our pink pussy friend to climb up and over me, hovering just above me briefly as Carol wrapped her hand around my blue cock colored Smurf, though it was already starting to lose some of its design and color from all the surrounding moisture perhaps as it slowly and gradually dissolved. Even then, it was still odd enough, seeing it as Carol introduced it into that bright pink pussy of our mutual friend, teasing her with it, before sliding it all the way up inside, where it completely disappeared, only the pink lips of the woman's cunt now showing, as though having swallowed it. It felt heavenly. And even more so when minutes later, the two of them then knelt side by side, sucking and licking me together until I came in a massive eruption of undeniable satisfied lust and desire, splurging the two of them in what I knew, had to have been a copious amount of nut-cream. Almost reluctantly, the two of us soon extricated ourselves, and wandered back outside, showering off first at the exit, once again clean and refreshed as we wandered over to another nearby bar for a drink and refreshment before heading over to where Diane's place was according to the directions she'd given me. And though I had certainly had a nice orgasm myself, as had my wife...two of them in fact while she'd been likewise engaged, we were already looking forward to the hopefully even longer evening ahead with Diane and her friend. There was just something about watching my wife with her, not to mention two gorgeous looking Shemales, that was already stiffening my cock as we sat there just thinking about it.

It didn't take long before we found ourselves standing there outside the door to Diane and Charlie's bungalow. Charlie answered the door. Her long blonde hair hanging down her neck over her shoulders, almost perfectly framing her medium sized breasts with pink tipped nipples so pale, they almost disappeared into the rest of her succulent looking titty flesh.

"Come in! Glad you decided to come by tonight," she announced stepping back. Carol entered, and I followed, taking in the decor as we did. Diane, sitting in what obviously was a sunken hot-tub, right there in the middle of their bedroom. A bit surprised, there was another guy with them who I hadn't seen before. Diane introduced him as Jack, one of the resort owners, but more behind the scenes rather than up in front with the rest of the staff.

"Hope you don't mind additional company," she questioned, though neither of us did actually. The only thing I was suddenly taking into account here, was the fact there was actually four cocks present, and only one pussy. Interesting odds, even if there were still three sets of breasts.

"Come in...join us," Charlie led, stepping back down inside the tub as Carol and I followed. There was plenty of room, as Jack now poured everyone a glass of wine, passing those around.

Admittedly, I was now growing curious as to how this could possibly all work out, if at all. And then Diane once again, surprised us. Though what she had said, still took a moment or two, to register. I'd been sitting there in the tub between Diane and my wife, Charlie sitting just across from me, with Jack sitting next to her. He'd been toying with her cock almost the entire time, she'd been playing with his as well, so they were both nice and hard, as was I...just watching them.

"By the way...you might be interested to know. Charlie's not exactly the same as me...I mean I am as they say, a Shemale yes, a chick with a dick, or a guy with tits, however you want to look at it. But Charlie here, she's something uniquely special. She has a pussy and a cock, she's what they call a true Hermaphrodite."

"I'm sorry. What?" I asked. I mean I had heard the term before yes, and had a vague awareness of what she had meant by that. But to be honest, I had never even seen one before, not even in a movie, book or magazine, strange as that may sound. So I had no real clue what was really meant by that.

"It's probably easier to explain if you just have a look for yourself," Charlie announced, suddenly standing up in the tub, and then walking over towards us. What I of course saw was her somewhat moderate to small sized, though very hard dick leading the way. It was certainly adequate enough to pretty much do anything one could do with a cock, even if it was barely five inches or so, but it wasn't that that caught me so much by surprise, as when she stood there in front of us, spreading her legs, literally lifting her cock off to one side and out of the way for a better view. Charlie indeed had a cunt too...complete with a cute little clitoris, she virtually had NO balls, which was likewise an interesting sight, just this hard stiff penis, that seemed to be coming out of the same area her pussy would be, her clit tucked just beneath where the ball sack would normally be. However, there was no denying the fact, she had swollen, hot looking cunt lips, and what was definitely, a woman's sheath sitting just below all that. 

I had to ask. "So can you...?"

Charlie laughed, shaking her head yes. "I sure as hell can, and I can some both ways because of it too. So yes, in case you're wondering, I do squirt, from my prick, not as much as most men I know, but I do. But I also squirt through my pussy too, and in fact I do admit to having even more intense orgasms that way. Though the best ones, is when I'm being fucked, and or fucking someone else, or at the very least, someone sucking me off while I'm doing that."

I could only imagine. And then I was.

"So does that even out the odds for you a bit better?" Charlie actually asked, as though having read my mind earlier. Admittedly I felt myself blushing at that, but then answered her truthfully.

"Actually, I was thinking something else. Like Carol and I discussed earlier, we're here to explore our sexuality, sensuality...and though there may indeed be a 'few' things I haven't done or experienced as yet, part of simply being here, is about that. Discovery. And I dare say, now having met the two of you, there seems to be a great deal worth discovering here."

"And on that note," Diane stated stepping out of the tub, grabbing up a handful of big soft fluffy bath towels to dry off with, she turned to us. "What say we head into the bedroom in order to get more comfortable, and do just that?"

I looked over at the nice sized bed in this room.

"No, that's where Charlie and I sleep...not where we like to play. That's in an entirely different room, follow me."

We did that, soon standing in a room twice the size of this one, with what appeared to be, a double King-sized bed sitting there in the middle of the room. I'd never seen anything so big before in my entire life, it was even larger than the platform I had been on back at the Black Hole.

"Come here Brian," Charlie said beckoning to me. "Come fuck my cunt, find out for yourself, just how real it really is. And at the same time Carol, once he's indeed inside me, how about you climbing on board my prick, so the three of us can start off experiencing a nice time together?"

I was for damn sure looking forward to this, and soon knelt, the hard knob of my prick even then probing and teasing that hot wet opening of Charlie's cunt, the sight of her stiff hard dick sticking upwards just beyond that an amazing sight, especially as Carol quickly came over, sliding down over the top of that, allowing me to see the woman's prick now fully and completely disappearing inside my wife's cunt, as I now disappeared fully and completely into hers. There was no difference, definitely pussy, and a really nice tight and slippery one too!

Diane and Jack crawled up into the enormous sized bed next to us, Diane immediately leaning over to begin toying with, and sucking my wife's tits, while Jack leaned over, doing the same to Charlie. It was a fantastic sight, especially fucking her now, and watching her as I did, as she in turn thrust her cock inside my wife's cunt. Most amazing thing I had ever seen, and certainly unlike anything I ever thought I'd experience.

Eventually, Carol spun around as I knew she'd do, taking my cock out of Charlie, and placing it against her own prick, where she proceeded to suck the two of us together, simultaneously as she did. Something she loved doing, so I knew that eventually, she would be, just as she was doing now. And...in doing so, that of course afforded another change to take place, which Diane was just as quick to act upon. Now kneeling over my wife, Diane inserted her long, slim cock inside my wife's pussy as she began fucking her. And then Jack, not to be left out, somehow managed to saddle up behind Diane, his prick easily slipping up inside the woman's ass. It was again another interesting little daisy-chain we had going here, that was not only hot as hell to feel, but to hear and watch too. So many decadent, delicious dirty sounds streaming forth, that it was all I could do to keep myself from coming all too quickly here.
