 Even now, I'm not sure things would have happened the way they did had it not been for one simple act that seemed to intrigue me when it did. Perhaps it was also the fact that Charlie, for all intense and purposes, was both. Male and Female, in every sense of the word that made that final hurdle so much easier for me. Jumping into something that up until now, I had only thought about, considered, but never really saw myself as actually doing. Whatever hang ups, prejudices, or self doubts about my own masculinity, for whatever reason, seemed no longer important. Like Carol and I had long ago discussed, this weekend for us was about experimentation, self discovery, exploration. We had come here with an open-mind and attitude towards that. Maybe it would only be a one-time thing, whatever happened. But we'd already made that agreement to see, to do...and then take things one day at a time after that.

When Diane climbed between Charlie's legs, spreading them, and began sliding that long slim cock up and down her wet pink slit, as I said before, I was both excited and intrigued, watching as I crawled over next to the two of them.  I gently wrapped my hand around Charlie's dick and began stroking it. And as I mentioned, though it wasn't a very big cock, it was damn fucking hard, swollen purple as the pre-cum oozed from her prick-tip, which I then smeared about the small little helmet of what she jokingly referred to as her "clit-cock". Doing this, still watching as Diane's Shemale prick continued to spear slowly in and out of that succulent cunt, hearing it...listening, seeing the almost frothy white juice Charlie was secreting as it clung to it was an erotic, amazing sight. Still holding onto her cock with one hand, I reached down with the other, quickly locating her female clit, just below the shaft I was holding onto. I pinched it gingerly between my fingers, pulling on it sweetly, rolling it, still stroking as Diane fucked. Up until now, both Carol and Jack content to sit by watching all this as well. Though within moments, my wife soon joined me, now easing down on the opposite side of where Charlie lay. Placing her hand on Charlie's prick, which we now shared, she simply looked at me, smiling...and then offered it towards me. Without thought, without any further hesitation on my part whatsoever, I let her feed it to me, drawing it fully and deeply inside my mouth, sucking it.

"Oh fuck! Oh my god that's so good! So fucking good!" Charlie cried out. "Holy fucking shit!" She exclaimed once again.

Carol and I now began sharing her cock together, kissing one another deeply, passionately, with Charlie's stiff hard prick sandwiched between us. Our lips meeting, wrapping themselves around her shaft as we traveled up and down along it's length, teasing her. I was so involved, so consumed by this, that initially, I didn't even feel or realize it when I now felt the additional sensation of someone now sucking on my cock. I briefly glanced down and over, realizing as I did, that it was now Jack who had positioned himself down between my legs, my prick fully engulfed inside his working mouth as he pleasured me deliriously. I simply gave myself over to the experience, in both what I was feeling, and doing. It was a unique situation perhaps, and one that I am still not sure I would have ever done or attempted, but given the circumstance, and the incredibly sensual, sexy people we were with, it felt perfectly natural, and beyond any previous erotic encounter or experience that either Carol or I both, had ever known.

**

When the time came, literally...I didn't even think about what was obviously about to happen. It had always been illogical to me, by my way of thinking anyway, that if Carol enjoyed sucking my cock, drinking my cum, why would I then have any sort of aversion to that myself? After all, it was me...it was my own essence, and why should I be squeamish about something like that, especially as she wasn't, nor more than I was for her licking her juice whenever she came like that. It was a short time after we had actually been together that I had filled her pussy full of cream, and then surprised her...quite delightedly I might add, having her then sit on my face, where I devoured her again, licking out all of my cream from her cunt. She had climaxed again, even more forcefully this time, informing me later, that that had been one of the most powerful, intense orgasms she had ever known. Just something about my doing that for her, seemed to enhance the experience for her, knowing that I had done so, without fear and without reservation. Like I said, that wasn't a problem for me, it would have been too illogical for me otherwise.

But here yes, this was a little different perhaps, no real idea of what to expect, though I was again not really thinking in those immediate terms at the moment. I was sharing a very intimate, erotic moment with my wife, the two of us still kissing, licking and simultaneously sucking Charlie's cock together, Jack likewise wonderfully sucking on mine. When Charlie suddenly cried out, her ecstasy and pleasure imminent, I was fully prepared for it. 

The first spurt caught Carol and I both by surprise, watching the thin little streamer of white spunk suddenly shooting out the end of her dick. Carol quickly mouthed it, catching the second one, and then almost as quickly passing it back to me as I caught the third and forth very creamy shots in my own mouth. It wasn't so unlike my own either, a bit salty, and yet sweet in a way as I swallowed, now passing it back, though Carol's climax no longer as forceful perhaps, her cream just barely oozing out of her cock as Carol and I now danced around her cock-tip with our tongues, cleaning her up. It was here though however, that Diane now to joined us, likewise screaming out her own impending ecstasy, her somewhat longer slimmer prick now lurching, spurting, adding her own creamy sauce to the mix, which Carol and I again shared, taking it, rubbing her still spilling cock against Charlie's as we held the two of them together, licking and once again cleaning the two of them off.

My own orgasmic pleasure already well on the way, Charlie and Jack now slathering my cock together, the way we'd been doing, as I poured what felt like a gallon of cum down their two sucking mouths. It had indeed been one of the most intensely satisfying orgasms I had ever known.

**

It was well past three in the morning by the time we had stumbled back to our room. And though the sounds of the night had quieted down around us somewhat, you could still hear occasional laughter, the sounds of people still fucking, partying inside their rooms as we collapsed tiredly into our bed, and soon after fell asleep.

When I woke, the sun was obviously well up by now, though it wasn't quite nine o'clock yet. Carol and I had also had the foresight to have scheduled and ordered room-service for breakfast that morning, rather than trying to get up early and attend the buffet, though I wouldn't have been surprised to discover hardly anyone else there either. And though it had been a long, almost exhausting evening, I still found myself curiously refreshed, and magnificently horny, laying there once again with a stiff hard penis in hand, wondering if I should wake her, and do something about it when we both heard the knock on the door.

"Room service!" Someone had announced, though appearing to be a female voice by the sound of it.

I rolled out of bed, for a moment looking for something to wear, and then laughed at myself, reaching and opening the door, my hard stiff cock pointing directly out in front of me as I did. There was indeed a young petite woman standing there, with smallish, though very perky breasts, a small tuft of golden blonde hair just above her cunt lips, almost winking at me. A young man with her, holding onto another tray of pastries and coffee, which Carol had indeed ordered the day before. They both smiled, passing by me, entering the room and then heading straight out onto the deck, placing several plates of food down for us to enjoy at our leisure. By now, Carol sitting up in bed wiping the sleep from her eyes, and yet still looking sultry, if not just as horny as I was.

"Would you care for a morning blow-job with your coffee?" She asked.

And suddenly, that sounded like a sensational idea, which Carol quickly agreed to as well, as the two of us sat down, chairs facing out and away. Kimberly, the cute little brunet with the perky tits, placing a large comfy pillow down on the ground before me, now sucking my prick as I sat pouring Carol and I coffee. Pete, the younger man who'd come in with her, now doing the same thing in front of Carol, now licking and teasing her split, the two of us sitting side-by-side, table, coffee and croissants between us, and each one of us being licked and sucked all the while.

"God, does it get any better than this?" I asked, looking out at the glorious morning, the beautiful manicured grounds beyond, already people wandering about looking for new adventure no doubt.

"I don't know...kind of hard to beat last night, that's for damn sure!" Carol quipped, reaching out to place her hand on the back of Pete's head, pressing him a bit more firmly against herself as he drew my wife's clit between his lips, gently chewing and sucking it. "But this aint half bad either," she giggled hotly, enjoying it as she took a bite of her strawberry filled pastry, and then making an obscene display with it as she lapped at some of the whipped cream frosting letting it dangle on the tip of her tongue for me. "And it was fucking hot...doing that with you too," she added. "It was WAY fucking hot, and I am so hoping that we'll be able to do that with those guys again."

"Yeah, me too," I honestly admitted. And really hoped that we would.

"So, what's on the agenda this morning after all this?"

Carol looked at her watch. It was by now nearing ten o'clock. "Oh that's right! I almost forgot! I looked in the brochure we were given, and actually scheduled a cum-massage for this morning, it looked interesting."

"A cum massage? You're kidding!? What's that?"

"Oh she's gonna love that!" Kimberly quipped briefly removing my cock from her mouth. I try to schedule one of those myself every now and again when I can, it's really quite sensual and erotic, which I'm sure you'll find out. And damn hot to watch too, though you can certainly participate. Usually the more the merrier, and the better, which is why they usually set the table up out here, which I'm sure they will, just in case anyone else wants to drop by, which they usually do."

I gave half a notion to not coming, but then changed my mind, as good as Kimberly's mouth was, it was too much of a temptation to pass up.

"I'd like to cum on your tits," I informed her looking down as she now held my shaft between them, running it back and forth, over and around those sweet hard nipples of hers.

"I'd like that," she said. 

"And I'd like to see it," Carol added to that, though she was already in the midst of having an orgasm as Pete continued sucking my wife's clit, now likewise finger-fucking her as she sat there looking on. I was soon pouring another delightful creamy load all over the young woman's breasts. Once they were indeed and completely saturated, I was again surprised as Pete now came over, standing in front of her, now licking them off until he had thoroughly cleaned them off.

"Is there anything else the two of us can do for you?" They asked.

"No, thank you. That was perfect, delightful breakfast, and nice way to start off the new day."

"Very well, enjoy your morning cum-massage then, they should be here soon and get things set up for you," she added, and then the two of them left.

We sat finishing our delicious breakfast when again another knock came on the door. Four men and two women entering the room, carrying what appeared to be a standard massage table, which they indeed set up out on the deck next to us, placing fresh crisp sheets upon it. The women were both Asian, very beautiful and attractive with their long dark hair, one with considerably large breasts for an Asian woman, and the other much more typically smaller, though I was taken in by the dark alluring coloring of their respective nipples and areolas. The smaller breasted woman's nipples quite thick and long surprisingly, and already firmly erect.

Carol was then invited to climb up onto the table where the two women then heated up some oil, pouring that onto her and began working it into her skin, one starting at her feet, the other her head, working towards one another. The four men, two on each side, now standing there stroking away at their hard stiff cocks as I sat looking on, enjoying this as they did that, finding myself suddenly getting hard again as well, though I wasn't sure how much I'd actually contribute to any of this when the time came. "But I'd certainly do what I could," I laughed to myself.

Obviously, these guys were hand-picked for their unique special abilities as Carol and I were about to find out, though not before being pleased to see Steven and Marsha emerge from their room only a short distance away, spotting us, and then curiously wandering over. Though it was indeed nice to see them again.

"Cool!" Marsha quipped, was wondering about getting one of these myself, now I can actually watch it before hand."

"Feel free to join in too," one of the women spoke. "That's in fact part of the experience as long as no one else minds."

"Don't mind at all," Carol moaned softly, just as the first one of the four men standing around her began to pump out what eventually took on epic proportions. I'd never seen so much cum pouring out all at once from any one single prick before, though this was soon added to rather quickly, as one man after the other suddenly began to erupt as well, my wife's body suddenly covered in thick streamers of white hot sticky spunk that almost entirely covered her from her chest down to her toes.

The two Asian women continued to go about their assigned tasks, massaging in all that hot sweet cream into my wife's body, though the four men soon after left. Marsha now jacking off her husband's cock, Steven taking delight in aiming it directly against my wife's juicy wide-open split as moment's later, he add his cream to the mix, dousing my wife's hard succulent clit, which one of the gals then began massaging more directly, working it specifically for her like that, driving Carol nuts as she did. Another couple passing by, stopping for a moment, looking on, and then likewise invited to join us if they cared to. Not too surprisingly he did, and though he didn't offer up much, no doubt as spent from the night, or mornings activity as I was, he still yet added a dollop or two of cream to each one of my wife's nipples before the couple once again moved on.

It was over all a much enjoyable experience to have seen and witnessed, especially when Carol eventually had one of her more liquid orgasms, liberally spraying her pussy juice all over the breasts of the larger breasted woman who at this point in time, was actually holding one of those magnificent beauties against my wife's cunt, actually masturbating her with it when she came.

"Whew, that was really, really nice! Thank you!" She exclaimed, and then was pampered again as the women washed and dried her off, a nice pink glow on her skin as she all but melted into full and complete relaxation afterwards. "Now I think I'm going to take a little nap," she informed me.

No surprise there. I would have too. But, I was now interested in seeing what else that this place had to offer, deciding to head on down to the pool for a refreshing dip before joining up with Carol later over lunch.

I was a bit surprised to find the pool area as busy as it was, though for the most part, most people there seemed to simply be relaxing and enjoying the morning sun. One or two couples sharing large float rafts together, though only one of those couples actually fucking as they did. Still it was fun to watch as I ordered up a Bloody Mary from the bar, and then sat back in one of the many available float chairs to enjoy it, again looking on as the couple fucked nearby. A young woman, simply passing by stopping briefly to fondle my cock for a bit, before moving on again, though I noticed she seemed to be purposely making the rounds, doing that to as many men, and even some women as she could before moving on again. It was just as interesting watching her doing that too as it was watching the couple next to me, though another man soon joined the two of them, and took turns with her partner fucking her back and forth. I was surprised after the mornings activities that I was becoming as aroused as I was, soon sitting there cock in one hand, drink in the other.

"Hi, good morning. Care if I join you?"

It took me a moment for me to realize who it was that was speaking to me, and then I did. It was Debra, the woman I had met at the table during the cocktail party, the one with the really big clit.

"Not at all, I'd enjoy the company," I announced quite happily, not at all embarrassed or shy about sitting there the way I was, cock in hand, all nice and hard as I held it, gently stroking it. Debra too, in her own float chair, though she nosed it around, now facing me, bringing it towards me, docking it with mine. Her feet soon after coming up in order to reposition themselves over the armrest of my chair, effectively making it easy for her to spread herself, her legs now spread widely once more. That clit of hers already poking out so invitingly as she reached down and began toying with it, almost as though she too had a cock, and could jerk it off much as I was doing.

With very little effort, we both scooted forward in our chairs just enough that I could actually reach down, taking my cock, and now rubbing it directly against that massive clit. We sat there, each one of us fondling ourselves, though rubbing ourselves back and forth against one another. Shortly, the three people who'd now been watching slipped off their mattress and came over. Asking if they could help out, which we delightfully agreed to. Debra enjoying a nice tit massage by the two men, while the woman now took over for me, taking my cock in hand, now rubbing it directly and with ease against Debra's clit as I in turn reached up, sucking and fondling this woman's tits.

"You mind terribly if I suck on that for a bit after he's cum on it?" The woman asked. "I've never seen a clit this big before, let alone sucked on one like this, and I'm dying to try it!"

"Be my guest!" Debra cried playfully, though we were both still enjoying the manipulation of my prick against her clit, though I was soon indeed spurting out a surprisingly large portion of spunk onto it, shortly after that. I soon moved away, though not too far so that I could watch, as the woman now bent over, standing there in the pool, drawing Debra's clit between her lips, my cum still clinging to it as she began lapping away at it with her tongue, causing Debra to bounce almost spasmodically there in the water. And then as she did that, reaching out, taking both men standing next to her in hand, placing each of their cocks inside her mouth, sucking the two of them together. She came, just as they did, the two of them shooting off almost simultaneously, Debra actually having difficulty taking them both, though somehow she did.

Thoroughly satisfied, if not once again exhausted, I decided to head back to our room, clean up, take a shower and soon after join my wife for lunch, already looking forward to even more afternoon adventures.

It didn't take long to discover that either. Much to my delightful surprise.

**

I stepped back into our room, expecting to find my wife asleep, still resting, but instead heard the sound of the shower running instead, deciding to join her as I entered the large bathroom area, that had a shower big enough to easily accommodate six comfortably. And that's when I noticed, she wasn't alone. There were two others with her inside there, both women, and since there was no need for any kind of enclosure the way the showers had been built, all three greeted me with smiles on their faces as I came in, though I hadn't seen either of the other women before, up until now anyway.
