 At the hotel bar she's just finishing her glass of wine, relaxing from the meetings of the day. It had been ten hours since she left her room this morning, and she can't wait to get back to it now. She's still dressed in her formal business attire-- skirt suit, dark nylons, medium heels, her long auburn hair done up in a nice wrap-- and she's looking forward to a nice hot bath and some entertaining company for the rest of the evening. Her first appointment isn't until 1pm tomorrow, and she isn't planning on getting to bed before midnight, for sleep anyway.

She orders two bottles of champagne to be sent up to her suite, then pays her bill, tipping the bartender with a fifty and wink, and saying, "Janice, this is to make sure they're nice and cold and bubbly. I don't suppose I can talk you into coming up and popping them for me?" 

The bartender, a twenty-five year old grad student from the university in town, merely smiles, and says, "Ms. Madison, I'll do what I can for your bubbly, but you know they won't let me make house calls."

"You can call me Madi, and I'll speak to your superiors about freeing you from your confines in the future." She stayed at the hotel frequently enough that she cold probably arrange the favor, but she knew Janice wouldn't go along with it. Still, a girl can tease, can't she?

"Thank you for your kind intentions, Madi, and have an enjoyable evening."

On the way to the elevators she checked her watch-- 7:10. Hopefully her package has arrived and was waiting for her in her room. She got a car to herself, and undid her hair on the way up to the 42nd floor to the small suite of rooms she reserved each time she stayed. Nothing too grandiose-- an anteroom, bar and sitting room, bedroom, vanity, Jacuzzi bath, shower-- but everything she found quite necessary when traveling for a week at a time, and all done in leather, hardwood, and marble.

As she walks in she hears running bath water being shut off. As her heels click across the short marble entryway, a young girl of twenty-two emerges from the bedroom. She's 5'3" topped with straight black hair, cut in a pageboy with a barrette on either side, large 34d breasts over her thin waist and medium derriere. She's got a cute, intelligent face, and she's very attractive without being intimidatingly pretty. She's dressed in a white, short sleeved spandex top with nothing underneath, and a pair of light pink boy short; this evening's assigned uniform.

"Hello, Ms. Madison. Your bath is almost ready. I ordered dinner for later, and the champagne just arrived. Can I get you anything?"

Ms. Madison walked across the room to kiss her cheek, removing her blazer and tossed it onto a chair. "Hello, Paige. I need some water, then please pour us some champagne, after which you can help me out of these clothes." She had found Paige about a year ago through an escort service specializing in college students. Whenever she came to Boston, which was four or five times a year for as much as a week at a time, she booked as many of her free nights as Paige had available in her schedule. In return for a substantial payment, she would serve as butler, dressing maid, bather, courtesan, and evening companion. Ms. Madison provided instructions beforehand, so that upon her arrival in the evening the routine could be executed without any confusion. After several visits Paige knew her preferences, and had gotten the system down. Today's instructions read: Tight white top, pink shorts, barrettes, fully smoothed. Undress, full bath, redress. Champagne for three (will send up). Dinner in, 8:00pm. Additional guest around 9:00, please stay if possible.

Paige padded across the floor in bare feet to the bar to pour a tall thin glass of chilled Pellegrino and two flutes of Brut, then returned and handed the water to her mistress, placing the glasses on the table beside them. As Ms. Madison sipped the water, Paige carefully undid the buttons of her blouse, including the cuffs. As she untucked it from her skirt and opened it up, she put her hands around her waist and kissed the exposed skin above her camisole. Taking the glass and setting it down, she then removed the blouse, followed by the camisole, placing them in a neat pile on the table. Another kiss just above the breasts, then her hands slowly moved around to her back, unhooking her elegantly brocaded bra.

Ms. Madison (it was unclear whether this was her first name or last), was a very young looking woman of forty-four. She had a body that was full yet curvy, and one which radiated health and vitality. Standing 5'9", her hips were somewhat larger than Paige's and her breasts somewhat smaller at 34b, having proportions more suited for a woman her age rather than the sweater-girl physique of her attendant. She'd never been married, never had kids, and had always been sexually driven.

Paige placed the bra carefully on the pile, and placed her hands lovingly on Madison's breasts, gently massaging them, and rolling her nipples delicately in her fingers. The intent was to relax and invigorate, but not to arouse just yet. Ms. Madison opened her mouth slightly and extended her chin, asking for a kiss, which Paige obligingly gave. As the kiss lingered, the skirt was undone and dropped to the floor, where upon Paige grasped the waist of the pantyhose and brought them cautiously downward as she lowered herself to her knees. Ms. Madison lifted her right leg as her hose were removed, then her left, stepping out of her skirt as she did. Still on her knees, Paige rolled the hose into a ball, then folded the skirt, placing both items on the table. 

Ms. Madison, standing in her panties, reached for the champagne and handed a glass down to her. "Have a good long drink, dear. Finish the glass." She did so in three big sips, then put the glass down beside her. Then she put her hands on Ms. Madison's hips and kissed her stomach, working her kisses down to her panty line, which fell away as the panties were removed and her neatly trimmed bush was revealed. Again, soft encouraging kisses were given, but nothing too arousing. Paige then stood, took her mistress by the hand and lead her, naked, to the bath.

The tub, filled and bubbly, was nearly free standing in the large bath area, with two feet of surround on each end and a foot on either side. Paige dimmed the lights and guided her up the step to let her settle in, before climbing up and sitting on the surround behind her with only her feet in the warm water, Ms. Madison's head resting in between against the padded lip. She began with a shoulder massage, gently rubbing the tension out of her body. She rubbed her temples, her neck, her arms, and ended up caressing her soft, soapy breasts, paying a bit more attention to her nipples this time, keeping them firm and excited. With the spray nozzle she wet her hair down, soaking her own panty clad lap and her shirt in the process, rendering them both erotically translucent. She washed her hair, taking her time to massage her scalp as she worked the soap through Ms. Madison's long hair draped over her thighs. After her final rise, Paige's attire was thoroughly wet. 

"Oh, my dear," Ms. Madison said, completely content, "you are so wonderful at that. Now come around here and wash the rest of me."

She stood up and walked around to the side of the tub and stepped in. "Oh my, don't we look a pretty picture," Ms. Madison said gazing lustily at her buxom wet plaything.

"Thank you, Ms. Madison," she said smiling, as she sat down between Ms. Madison legs, facing her. "I'm glad you find me pleasing." With the sponge she proceeded to bathe her entire body, lifting each limb out of the water carefully as she went, taking the time to massage each as she proceeded from arms to hands, feet to legs. She finished with both hands underwater, caressing her uppermost inner thighs with her fingers as she massaged her lips with her thumbs.

"Ohhh, yesss...," she sighed. "Rub mama's pussy for her. Yes, just like that. So nice." Paige knew just how she liked it. She rubbed her lips and squeezed her thighs for several minutes before even approaching her clitoris, getting her considerably worked up by then amidst her continuous soft moans. Finally, while she massaged her clit with one hand, she eased two fingers of the other gently into her warm slit, pushing slowly at first, then increasing the pace to match the urging of her mistress's hips. She expertly brought her to the verge of orgasm and back down repeatedly over several minutes, something Ms. Madison had taught her to do. The result was that when she finally came, signaled by the persistent drive of her hips down onto her hands, the orgasm was tremendous, and could be stretched out for many, many more minutes. As the water sloshed about and the moans and gasps echoed in the marble room, Paige played her pussy like an instrument, coaxing whichever pleasure or intensity from it she wished, until at last Ms. Madison, said, "Enough, child, enough."

Sitting back, still caressing her legs, Paige waited for further instructions as her lover recovered. "Why don't you go get us some more champagne. Bring the bottle with you." She stood up and let the water drain off a little before patting herself down with a towel. Her wet clingy see-thru outfit looked incredible, especially the way her large breasts seemed to want to jump right out. As she walked out she offered an excellent view of her nice young ass, and coming back in her pretty, bald snatch was just as pleasant to see.

She filled the glasses and handed one to Ms. Madison, setting the bottle at the foot of the tub. She took a drink of her own and set the glass beside the bottle.

"Thank you, now come back into the water and let me have a look at you." Paige got back in and stood where she had been. "So lovely. Take off those silly wet shorts of yours for me." She rolled the soaked fabric over her hips and down to her ankles, stepping out of them and leaving them to float away. "Oh, how pretty! Come closer," Ms. Madison said, sipping from her glass. She placed a foot on either side of her thighs and stepped as close to her as the floor of the tub would allow, at which point Ms. Madison sat up, placing her hands on the backs of her courtesan's thighs, and brought her face to her crotch. Paige let out a gasp as her warm tongue immediately parted her lips and slipped inside. Ms. Madison licked her perfectly smooth pussy hungrily, pulling her forward to her face, then stopped as she felt her knees buckle.

"I think I need to give you a good cleaning myself, you dirty thing."

This was part of a code they'd developed. The use of various key words were Paige's signals as to what sort of mood her mistress was in, and what sort of sex they would have. Were she to be called "lovely" they would share a tender sort of lovemaking, whereas "naughty" would lead to spankings, and "playful" meant toys would be used. "Dirty" as one of Paige's favorites. It meant she was supposed to talk dirty to her while she was being sucked off, usually in some particularly adventurous manner. And best of all, it meant she could turn the tables a little on her mistress.

"Good, because my hot little cunt has been aching for a good suck all day. You need to give this little bitch what she deserves."

She was instructed to climb onto the edge of the tub. Ms. Madison sat back against the padding as Paige put a leg on either side of her head, her legs stretching back across the surround. She supported herself by using her hands behind her on the sides to keep herself pressed into Ms. Madison face, who assisted by holding her ass in her hands. Thus suspended, Ms. Madison began to devour her filthy young girlie treat.

"Oh, god yes," Paige began, "I finally get to fuck your pretty face. Oh, that's it, give me a good cleansing tongue-fuck, mama. Give you little girl a shiny new pretty pussy." She was aggressively grinding her hips onto her face, fucking her hard as her tongue shot up into her, her upper lip rubbing her clit. "Oh, fuck yes, mama. Face fuck my dirty girl cunt. Bite it, you fucker. Bite my fucking clit, goddammit! Ah-ouch!" 

Paige got herself worked up pretty fast when she felt like it, and she definitely felt like it now. Her voice got higher and higher as her excitement grew, increasing in pitch until at times she got beyond her range, at which point it became nothing but high panting breathes. It made her seem so juvenile, and it was something Ms. Madison looked forward to every time. For the moment, though, she eased back to let her little girl recover, because she loved to hear her talk such filth.

"Oh, please, mama, don't you fucking stop." Paige bucked hard against her chin. "See what a dirty little fucker I am, huh? Keep tonguing me, bitch. Make my dirty fucking pussy come all over your precious pretty face! OW, fuck!!" She got a bite on the clit for that last one, letting her know she could go down that path if she wanted, but there would be a price for it.

"Oh, mommy, please don't bite me," she acquiesced, "pretty pussy's sorry she's so bad, but she can't help it. Oh, god. Oh GOD, that's so nice. Yessss, tickle my clit, mommy." Her tongue was massaging her entire pussy now as she lifted Paige's ass higher. The whole center of her sex was awash in pleasure, and she was nearly squeaking the words as her orgasm neared. "Oh, fuck! Fuck pretty pussy so good!" 

Ms. Madison was feeling either particularly randy or particularly mean, because she backed her off again, which had exactly the desired effect. "Oh, godDAMMIT, you fucker! Lick my fucking cunt, bitch! Didn't I make my pussy pretty for you? Didn't I do everything you wanted? So smooth and fuckable on your pretty face." She was grinding hard again, forcing her head back roughly into the padding. Ms. Madison wished she had a free hand to fuck herself with at this point, because Paige was in exceptional form tonight, and she was completely turned on. Her arms were finally getting tired however, so she decided at last to go in for the kill, plunging her tongue deeply in.

"Oh, YES, that's it, just like that!" her voice shot up in range. Oh, yes, pleeeease. Gimme, gimme, gimme! Oh fuck, OH FUCK, I'm cu-" her voice disappeared upwards into tiny hard breaths as the orgasm tore through her. She forced her sex forward onto Ms. Madison's face and held it, her whole body rigid, then let it exploded into violent shocks of pleasure. It felt as if she would pass out, and she flexed her legs and arms to keep herself aloft, holding onto the position to savor the moment as long as it could possible last, before letting it recede.

When she was all done and fading from her pinnacle, Ms. Madison playfully released her, causing her to fall into the tub in her lap, sending water splashing everywhere and plunging Paige completely underwater. She came up gasping and laughing, and splashed Ms. Madison back in retribution, before lunging forward, wrapping her arms around her neck, and sharing a long warm passionate kiss. Even though theirs was a business realationship, at the heart of it there was a definite emotional bond between them.

"Did I make you happy, Ms. Madison?" she cooed innocently, kissing her face and neck. "Please tell me I've been a good dirty girl for you." She nestled herself between her legs, curling up against her chest in a warm embrace. Ms. Madison stroked her messy wet hair back into place. "You've been a perfect darling," she said, kissing her forehead.

There was a knock on the door, then it opened and room service was announced. "Please leave it on the table, honey." Ms. Madison called from the tub. "I'm a little indisposed, sorry. I'll give you a suitably compensatory tip on your check." They heard the sound of the tray being left on the table, then the door being shut once again.

"Ok, Paige, time to get dried and dress." Paige got up and out, removed her top, toweled off, then wrapped Ms. Madison in her towel when she stood up. After stepping down from the tub, she patted her dry all over, taking care to do a thorough job of it. As her hair was being dried, Ms. Madison absent-mindedly played with Paige's ample breasts. "God, I love these wonderful globes of yours." She bent over and drew a nipple softly into her mouth, running her tongue over it within. Paige held still, enjoying the attention until she was done, then hung the towel up and brought over some body powder, which she delicately applied, then brushed out her long auburn hair and rolled it up into a simple bun. She quickly brushed her own, replaced the barrettes, and went to look at the selection of clothing that had been laying on the vanity since this morning: a deep burgundy pencil skirt, garter and stockings that were almost an exact match, and a sheer crème short-sleeved blouse with a high ruffled collar, with accompanying camisole. Beside it was some lingerie for her: a simple black silk chemise and a matching thong.

"Dress yourself first, dear," Ms. Madison said as she walked over to the armchair in the corner and took a seat. Paige slipped on the thong, then tossed the chemise over her head and let it drape down. She brought the stockings over to where she sat, got to her knees, and rolled them sensuously up each leg, placing a kiss on the inner thigh at the height of each one. "Stand up please," she said going over for the garter. She got to her knees again and reached the garter around her hips, fastening it in back, then adjusted the clasps and hooked the stockings. When she was finished she leaned in and placed a kiss at the base of her still exposed bush. She got up again, returning with both camisole and blouse. Pulling the camisole over her head, she smoothed it out and placed a kiss between her dainty cleavage. Then slipped on her blouse, buttoned it up all the way, and placed a kiss at the top of her neck, just below her ear. She retrieved the skirt, and leaned over, opening it to let her step in. She slowly pulled it up her legs and over her hips, carefully smoothing the camisole as she tucked it in, then zipped up the side, and kissed her cheek. She took a half step back with her hands clasped behind her to observe her handiwork, then leaned in and kissed her lovingly on the lips, holding herself suspended there for nearly a minute as their tongues entwined. 

When they finally parted Paige said demurely and genuinely, "Thank you, Ms. Madison, for letting me dress you so nicely."

Ms. Madison smiled and said, "Let's have some dinner. You'll be staying afterwards, I hope?"

"Yes, of course."

They had some more champagne with dinner, emptying the first bottle and opening the second. They didn't say too much as they ate, as their relationship was kept at an agreed upon professional distance for personal and emotional safety. Just as they were finishing and Paige was stacking things back on the tray, there was a knock on the door.

"Our guest has arrived. Will you please show him in."

Paige went to the door not giving a second thought to her attire and opened it to find a handsome young man, a little older than her, maybe twenty-five, in a linen blazer, cotton shirt, jeans and beach sandals. This was a model quality individual, in shape but not overly muscled, clean cut brown hair and a close shave, and a smile that made her melt. He looked her up and down with a somewhat surprised look on his face, then entered as she stood away from the door. No words were exchanged; each understood their role.

"Come in, young man, and let me take a look at you," Ms. Madison beckoned, now seated on the long leather couch in the sitting room, legs crossed.

"Oh, honestly," she balked, "Jeans?? Young man, have you no sense of decorum? You leave me no choice but to ask you to remove this ensemble completely. Please hand them to my girl as you do." Paige stepped to his side on cue, but he hesitated. 
