 A friend emailed me a fantasy of his and I decided to turn it into a story. It’s a bit different from my other stories. It’s straight wanking material. You may thank him for that… I’ve edited and added stuff (e.g. dialogue), but the basic story is his. Feedback and votes are always appreciated. /LP

Chapter 1

”My feet!” Anna complains. ”My poor feet are hurting!”

”Well, perhaps you should have worn better shoes,” Frida says, practical as ever.

”Can someone help me with these bags?” Sara yells from the door.

”I’ll help you,” I offer, taking a few of the shopping bags. 

Anna falls back on the big bed. ”God, I need a shower!”

”Then go take one!” Frida laughs and sit down in a chair. She looks around the hotel room, eyes darting over the desk, small coffee table and the big double bed. 

”Not a bad room,” she says approvingly.

”Well, I don’t visit often,” I say. ”I figured it’d be nice with a hotel room instead of crashing at Anna’s place.”

Anna smiles at me. ”And I’m utterly thankful for this. Hotel rooms are great. Gives a sense of luxury.”

”Yeah, and fresh linen every day,” I wink at her. 

#

It is my first trip to visit Anna in Sweden. We have talked about it for ages, but it never seemed to happen until now. Having known each other for three years, we have become close friends. Apart from being friends we are also lovers. Occasional ones, that is. 

We met and hit it off really well. Pretty soon we were acting like we had known each other for ages. It all felt natural, and there was an attraction, but not enough to start a relationship. We got to know each other well, but all along I tried to come up with a good way to broach the subject of a possible casual relationship. After a few long conversations we decided to give it a try.

Our casual relationship exceeded expectations. Not only did it turn out Anna and I got along amazingly in bed, but we also clicked mentally. We became friends and confidantes. At nights we’d curl up in front of the TV before going to bed and fucking our brains out for the next few of hours. 

Since Anna moved back to Sweden we had both been pretty sex starved. Lots of emails and hot text messages had been exchanged, but now I was finally here for a visit. Anna had introduced me to her friends and I was thrilled to find them all attractive and nice.

#

We have just enjoyed a nice day out on the town, wandering around, sightseeing and having a good laugh generally. 

“Are we still on for dinner?” Sara asks.

“Sure, where do you all want to go?” Frida replies.

“I’ll eat anything,” I answer casually. “Is there anything typically Swedish I should have?”

Sara thinks for a while. “Hm, that’d be meatballs, pea soup, blood pudding and such things perhaps?”

“Why don’t we go to down to the old part of town?” Frida suggests. “They have small cosy restaurants there, and Tom should be able to find something Swedish on the menu.”

Anna sits up on the bed and shrugs her shoulders. “I don’t mind either way. Old town sounds fine by me. Now, if you’ll excuse me, my feet are killing me and I need a shower!”

With that she jumps off the bed and walks into the bathroom. I am left alone with Sara and Frida.

“So, how do you like Sweden so far?” Sara asks.

“It’s nice! Pretty clean and doesn’t feel that crowded.”

“And the girls?” Frida say, giving me a knowing wink. “Do they live up to your expectations?”

“Oh hell yes!” I laugh. “They’re not bad looking and awfully well dressed, yet more casual than in London.”

I can tell both Frida and Sara seem a bit more relaxed now. We get chatting about various things, and I find their accents adorable. Their English isn’t always perfect, and now and then they got stuck on words or throw the grammar around, but I am still impressed with their language skills. 

While talking with them I can’t help thinking they are far cuter in person than in the pictures Anna has shown me. Frida with her naturally copper tinted chin-length hair, brown eyes and mature presence. Sara is very petite but with huge brown deer eyes. The girls’ styles are also different. I can’t help remembering how Anna once described them; Sara being the ‘housewife’ type, yet with the twist of being a wiz at bitchy comments, without even meaning them to be! Frida is the organized, independent, environmentally friendly and feministic one. Anna herself uses to jokingly refer to herself to ‘Posh Spice’ in comparison.

“What are you guys talking about?” Anna says, coming out of the shower. I can feel the smell of the lavender scented hotel soap. The thick heavy cotton bathrobe is loosely draped over her shoulders and tied at the waist. Her still wet black hair swept back, giving her that really seductive look.

“So, fill me in,” Anna says, while leaning forward to grab a piece of chocolate from the box we’ve opened. I catch a glance of her small but well-shaped breast peeking through the loosely tied robe. 

“We’ve just been chatting. Tom was telling us about his love for Irish folk music.”

“That’s he’s planned pick-up line!” Anna laughs heartily, giving me a teasing grin. “I’ve told him you are all into folk music.”

“Hey, I’m not here to pick up your friends!” I say with my most innocent face expression. 

“Yeah, right,” Anna says, not believing me one bit. She already knows I’ve had fantasies about them a few times. How could she blame me? All the pictures she had shown me had been of attractive girls!

“Ok, my turn to hit the shower,” I say and rise up. Passing Anna I give her a short hug as I make my way into the bathroom. She smells great and the hug is one of those nice little sweet ones. I’m already getting in the mood, my dick being semi-hard due to the hug. It felt so nice, so impromptu. Naturally my semi-hard state might also have something to do with Anna inconspicuously cupping my dick through my jeans. In the mirror I notice Frida glancing at us. Did she see anything?

I close the bathroom door behind me and hear the girls talking amongst themselves. After stripping down I am almost ready for the shower when Anna knocks on the door.

“Here, you forgot this,” she says, handing me the bathrobe with an outstretched arm. I take it and shut the door; suddenly realising she’s fully naked in front of her friends. The thought of Anna exposing herself to a group of female friends when fresh out of the shower makes my dick twitch and go harder.

I turn on the shower, but keep the streams not too powerful. I’m curious what Anna and the girls might be talking about. Although I know Anna has told me her friends and her have seen each other naked numerous times, I can’t help wondering how they’ll react to her shaved pussy. 

Although the door is closed I can make out their surprise and a new topic kicks off the discussion. 

“Oh my gosh, you must be kidding me!” I hear Sara exclaim.

“You’ve…shaved off your public hair?” comes Frida’s shocked comment.

“Yes,” I hear Anna say. “But I don’t do it all the time. Only when I know I’ll get laid…”

“I don’t get why you shave it all off,” Frida frowns. “Did Tom ask you to do that?”

“I did it myself.”

Sara can’t take her eyes of Anna’s smooth snatch. “Doesn’t it itch?”

“Not really. It itches a lot more if you just trim it, but if you shave it all off it feels great!”

“But, why do you do it?” Frida asks still perplexed.

“Because I love the smoothness of having my pussy clean shaven,” Anna answers. “Because of the way it feels when a man’s warm tongue comes in direct contact with my skin. It’s all so much more sensitive and you wouldn’t believe the sensations during oral sex!”

At this point my dick is raging hard and I force myself to turn the shower on fully. As all outside sounds are drowned out I look to my own cleaning up from the hectic but enjoyable day. 

#

As I stand in the shower my mind start imagining the conversation in the other room. Now and then I can hear laughter, and in my mind I imagine the other girl’s reactions. From what I’ve gathered they might do the occasional bikini shave to keep it neat during the summer season. I’m quite sure they have never actually shaved or waxed everything off, not like Anna. 

“They aren’t into porn and find anything relating to that culture is demeaning to women,” I recall Anna saying.

While I can still hear their voices and occasional laughs, I decide to concentrate on my own personal hygiene. I take the opportunity to shave my face before our evening meal tonight, so that I look good and feel fresh. I bring out my new razor and get to work. After finishing up the face I look down at my groin. The hair is longer than to my liking and I decide to go the whole way. 

Quickly I lather up the groin area, making sure I have enough lubrication for the razor to glide smoothly. Carefully I begin to shave away the happy trail leading from my navel to the genital area. From there on I let the razor trim my pubes before I begin to shave around the base of my cock. After that I head for the balls.

Holding each ball I carefully – very carefully – run the sharp razor over my skin. I make sure to shave all the way up towards my anus too. After a while I’m smooth. Boy, it feels good! By now my cock is fully hard. The shave and thoughts of Anna parading naked in front of her friends have made me immensely turned on!

As I turn off the shower I can hear everyone talking in low voices on the other side of the door. Curious as I am, I can’t help but eavesdrop. I put my ear to the door and listen.

“May I … touch it?” Sara asks, trying not to sound too eager.

“Sure,” I hear Anna reply. I hear the sound of a chair and then steps moving over the floor. The steps stop and I can picture Sara blushingly touching Anna’s soft mound. 

“Oh my god!” I hear Sara gasp. ”It’s so smooth! I had no idea…”

“Told you!” Anna laughs softly.

By now my curiosity takes over hand. Quietly I open the bathroom door ajar. I look out into the room and see Anna on the bed. She’s still wearing the big robe, but now the front is open all the way down, the knot hanging loosely between her legs. In front of her Sara is kneeling, her hand carefully touching Anna’s mound. I can hear her giggle.

“I can’t believe I’m doing this,” Frida says, and walks over to the bed. She stares at Anna’s naked mound and Sara’s hand touching it, feeling it. Then she places her own on top of it, touching it and rubbing it gently. Their eyes seem transfixed on the naked dark skin. None of them dare to touch her pussy fully, but I can see Anna’s getting turned on. Her chest has begun to rise in small rapid motions. 

The sight of two fully dressed girls touching Anna’s smooth mound gets my hormones flowing even more. Knowing she’s turned on only adds to my already overexcited and dirty mind. I know how wet she gets and how quickly she lubricates. If I had been between Anna’s legs I would by now see the clear substance ooze out and onto the bedspread where she’s sitting. 

I can imagine her feeling the juices seeping down her crack and settling by her asshole, which feels nice though it tickles a bit. She likes the feeling of the juices, so pushes out letting her sphincter make contact with the warm yet cooling syrup, as she grinds a bit she also pushes out, enjoying it. 

I continue watching and suddenly Anna reaches out for a towel lying on the bed. She grabs the towel and dries herself off between her luscious legs. Seems like I’ve been right all along – she is turned on. 

I watch her lie back over some pillows, legs spread. They’re not widely spread, but enough to show her friends how puffy the pussy lips are turning, her clit clearly visible even to me. Her glistening juices are already gathering up. To my amazement this doesn’t raise any eyebrows amongst you all. Instead the chit chat continues like before.

“Pass me the baby lotion, please,” Anna says. 

Frida looks around. “Where is it?”

“In my bag.”

Frida walks over to the bag and starts to rummage. Finally she pulls out a small clear bottle. “Is this it?”

“Yes, bring it over.”

I watch Frida hand Anna the small bottle. She takes it, holds it over her womanhood, squeezes it lightly, and I can see the clear liquid running down on her shaved pussy. As my breath gets more ragged I watch Anna slowly massaging the baby oil all over her already moist snatch, carefully working it in between her juicy lips.

She seems to be teasing herself, or is she teasing her audience? I’ve never seen her like this before. So inhibited. By now my dick is achingly hard and throbbing. God, how it wants to get in on the action! But no such luck. The image of Anna on the bed, legs spread before her friends, and with a hand working her pussy is too much for a man who hasn’t been laid in months. As I watch her playing on her nakedness, I can hear the occasional giggle from her friends. Quietly I beg for them to move a little so I can see more.

I’m in luck. Sara and Frida move a bit to the sides and I get a clearer view of Anna’s hand frantically working her pussy. Her thighs and sex is glistening from the baby oil, and I can see her fingers rhythmically rubbing her now engorged clit, now and then slipping a finger inside her wet tunnel.

As if by it’s own free will, my hand reaches down my front, grabbing my erect member. Letting my thumb grace the head I can feel a small amount of precum seeping out. With a firm grip I squeeze my cock, feeling the pressure of my hands around it. In a languid motion I move my hand upwards, pushing the foreskin over the mushroom shaped head and lubricating it with the fresh liquid. Then I pull it all back, the foreskin uncovering the whole head. As I move my hand up and down the shaft my eyes close and once again the voices in the other room seem to fade. 

#

After a few more minutes of blissfully touching myself, I force myself to stop and emerge back into the bedroom.

“Look who’s finally out of the shower!” Anna laughs. I look at her, noticing that she has slipped into something else; a thigh-length black little number with a tiny random burgundy design throughout. Simple, yet stylish. As my eyes roam over the silky material it hits me I can’t see a panty line. 

“So, girls,” I say smiling. “What have you been talking about? I know I heard giggles!”

“Oh, nothing in particular,” Frida says fleetingly. 

“Just…girl talk,” Sara smiles enigmatically.

“C’mon!” I say and pull the robe tighter. “Let me hear it! I’ve always wondered what constitutes ‘girl talk’.”

“Well,” Anna begins. “We were talking about...shaving.”

“Shaving?”

“Yes, shaving.”

“As in legs?”

“Mmm, that and … other areas.” I look at Anna and she has this cute pretend innocent expression on her face. 

“…And?” I say, eager to find out more. 

“We had no idea Anna shaved,” Frida suddenly says.

I look at her. “You didn’t know?”

“No,” says Sara. “She has mentioned not needing to shave her legs, but we didn’t know she trimmed and shaved her bikini line.”

“Eh, Sara,” Frida says. “That’s wasn’t just the bikini line she shaved! It was all of it. Gone! Smooth as a baby’s bottom!”

I feel a familiar stir in my groin. Oh God, let me not get a hardon now!

“Oh, and you both don’t shave down there?” I ask, trying to make it sound as light-hearted as possible.

“No,” Sara answers, violently shaking her head. “I’ve never…why should I…?”

“I’ve considered it,” says Frida. “I know a few people who have shaved some away, but not all of it! I’m just intrigued by the whole thing…”

“Then why don’t you give it a try,” I urge her, feeling that stirring in my groin again.

“Mmm, maybe I will,” Frida grins mischievously. 

“Tom shaves,” Anna suddenly says, raising her eyebrows while looking her innocent best.

The girls turn their heads and look at me, slightly in disbelief.

“You shave?” Sara asks.

“Well, ehum, yeah.”

“Why would a guy…??” Frida looks perplexed.

“Pretty much for the same reason as girls do it,” I smile. 

Anna laughs quietly at the other girls’ reaction. “You want to see him?”

“What?!”

“You want to see what he looks like?” She says. “You’ve seen me, you might be interested in seeing him.”

The girls look at each other. Sara squirms in her seat while Frida seems to be in chock.

“C’mon, it’s not like you haven’t seen a naked man before!” Anna teases. “Tom, show them.”

“Eh, I’m not sure if I should…” I say hesitantly. “ They don’t seem to be up for it.”

“Bollocks! You’ve all seen me, now let’s see you. It’s all in the name of equality.”

By now Anna is pulling on my robe and I give in by slowly undoing it. The robe is open, but I keep my hands over my privates. I can see the pinkish blush on Sara’s cheeks turn into a dark red. Frida has her head facing another direction, but her eyes keep coming back to me. Suddenly I feel Anna’s hands on me. Tickling me.

“No! Don’t” Instinctively I jump to the side and try to stop her tickling fingers. Suddenly I realize I’m not covered up.

“Mmm, now that’s more like it,” Anna grins. I blush but keep my hands off my privates, even though I’m semi-hard.

Sara and Frida are now looking straight at me. I notice a twinkle in their eyes. Curiosity? Lust? Both? Suddenly I don’t mind showing myself off to them, they’re all fanciable and in my now vivid imagination, I’m hoping this might lead to something.

So I'm standing by the bed with my bathroom fully open. I take the whole thing off and let it fall to the floor. I'm half embarrassed, half proud, but in my mind, I want to see pussy and hopefully get some action. With all these girls in the room, wouldn’t you?

#

“He’s…erect,” Sara gasps. 

“He’s…big,” Frida whispers, as to herself.

Anna just smiles and walks up to me. “He’s wonderful,” she smiles and runs a hand through my brown locks. While kissing my cheek she playfully runs a finger down my torso. I hear Frida make some comment in Swedish. Sara blushes and looks down for a moment, but only to look back up at me. This time there’s definitely both lust and curiosity in her eyes.

By now I have a raging hardon. Having two women look at me the way these two are doing is an experience so surreal to me. I was never popular with the ladies, and to suddenly be naked in a room with three beautiful women, it was almost too much. I didn’t care if nothing happen, I just love having their eyes roaming all over my naked body.

Anna is still beside me. I can feel her soft hands by my navel and moving further south. Sliding up closer to me she teasingly begins to kiss my neck and run her tongue up behind my ear. I feel a shudder as the pleasure curses through my body. Her hand is running over my ass, the roundness of it and along the crack. Quietly I wish for her to play with it. My prayers are answered.

Slowly Anna rakes her fingers over my ass cheeks, leaving light red marks all over them. A finger traces the line of my crack and I can feel the cheeks opening up to her. I close my eyes and give a deep sigh as I feel her prying the cheeks open in order to reach my brown pucker.

The room has been very quiet for some time now. Suddenly Anna is interrupted by a timid voice.

“Can I touch him?”

Anna stops what she’s doing and smiles at Sara. “Sure, you can touch him.”

I watch Sara shyly approach me. She puts her slim fingers around my cock, gripping it at first hesitantly before starting to wank me. Her grip isn’t as firm as Anna’s, she seems more shy and less experienced. Carefully she moves the foreskin up and down, almost too gently. It’s as if she thinks she’ll hurt me.

“You can squeeze it harder,” I softly urge her. “I won’t break.”

She blushingly smiles and takes a firmer grip. Ah, now that’s much better!

#

While Sara seems to have gotten the hang of handling me, Anna and Frida watches. Anna with a rueful grin and Frida both red-faced and fascinated by her friend’s boldness. Suddenly Anna turns to Frida.
