 All persons in this story are 18 years of age or older!

*

Flanked by my two smartly dressed escorts, I nervously stepped into the hotel elevator. Was I really this dirty and wanton? I wondered, before arriving on the top floor. My black dress hung by a thread at my right shoulder, exposing the rounded side of my left breast, and the curve of my waist and hip. My lower back disappeared beneath the folds of the thin material just above my arse, and the hem dangled just above my knees.

The door to the room opened and, with my heart racing and legs shaking, I stepped through it. Within the room stood a ring of naked men, their hands clasped behind them, their eyes wide and hungry. I panicked, and stopped. One of the men escorting me grabbed my bare arms tightly. Shivers of excitement went down my spine as his hands pressed harder into my flesh. I stepped forwards, determined not to back down.

Eight months ago I met a guy online. His words had seduced me into sharing my deepest and darkest fantasies. Every lonely night I would log on to my computer, yearning to read his thoughts, and to share my own. I would get wrapped up in his messages, confessing every sordid detail about how I longed to be taken, over and over again. 

Then one day he asked if I would allow him the honour of fulfilling my darkest fantasy. My nipples hardened, my breasts swelled, and my pussy twitched as I read and accepted his idea.

I stood in the room and looked nervously at the circle of men in front of me. Their low groans echoed in my ears. As the expressions on their faces deepened, their groans grew louder and more urgent. My nipples stiffened against the fabric of my dress, exposing my arousal to every man present, and their cocks grew hard.

When he first suggested fulfilling my fantasy, I knew I wanted it to happen. Eight men in total, he said, and I wanted them all. In my mind they would tear off my dress, and run their filthy hands over my clean body. I would obey their demands with my hands, mouth and body. I longed to feel the power of arousing so many men with my body, admiring my beautiful nakedness. But what excited me the most was knowing that that power would quickly turn to submission, as they took me any which way they wanted. 

I would run my hands over my breasts, cupping them gently. As my fingers brushed my nipples, I would gasp and shudder. The fantasy was becoming too strong, the urge barely controllable. My hands would slide down my body, imaging them to be my abusers, while my pussy throbbed and my clit tingled agonisingly, begging to be touched.

Back in the hotel room, the escort to my right nudged my forwards into the centre of the circle. I felt the hands of the other escort untie the thin thread of my dress at my shoulder, and the black fabric slid down my body. Deep, loud gasps filled the room. I stood completely naked except for my black four inch stiletto heels.

My two escorts took my hands and led me to the king-size bed. They laid me back flat on the soft duvet, it felt strangely comforting. Around me, the circle of men surrounded the bed. 

One of the men stepped forward, directly in front of me. Was it him? I thought. I had no idea what he looked like, no photo, not even a description. It was all part of my fantasy. 

Despite being a little over weight the man standing before me looked handsome, and his cock was large, standing rigid. My throat tightened as I gave out a low muffled moan. I felt weak with fear and excitement as he looked into my eyes with a deep penetrating gaze. 

He leant over me and ran one finger down my face. My body twitched under his gentle touch and he smiled. His finger continued down my face, under my chin, and then over my collarbone. I groaned my approval as I sunk back into the soft bed.

Just like in my fantasy he ran his hands very slowly over my swollen breasts. All the men around me were watching his hands gently caressing my breasts, and my breathing became faster through my parted lips. When the palms of his hands brushed over my nipples, my back arched and I gave a low, dirty groan. 

"Look at the dirty bitch, she loves it." I heard one man say, his coarse words adding to my arousal.

The guy touching and teasing me bent down and flicked his tongue across each nipple, and my groans turned to tiny screams. I opened my eyes wide and looked at the men around me, and saw them stroking their solid cocks. A dirty smile crept on to my face as I admired the different shapes and sizes on display, waiting to fuck me. 

The man sucking my nipples moved round to the sides of my breasts, caressing and licking my curves. I squirmed on the bed, raising my hips up and down slowly, expressing my desire to be touched, pleasured and fucked. His hands slid up my thighs, parting them slowly. I offered no resistance as my legs were spread wide, displaying my shaven pussy to everyone.

His fingers tickled the inside of my thighs as they made their way to my soaking wet pussy. He dropped to his knees at the end of the bed and slid a finger inside, parting my swollen lips with ease. My back arched, violently this time, and his tongue flicked across my sensitive clit. My hips bucked and my body started to spasm as he sucked and nibbled at my pussy, and his fingers probing deeper inside my body.

"Yes, oh, fuck, yes," I screamed, "Please, don't stop!" I bucked against his mouth, as if trying to fuck his face. My pussy was soaking, leaking juice all over his fingers. I sighed in frustration as he pulled his fingers out, but then groaned loudly when he quickly thrust his tongue inside my slippery cunt. 

I grabbed the duvet tightly with both hands and slammed my head from side to side. A fire was raging inside my belly as my pussy started contracting. I was almost there, so close to exploding all over his face, and in front of these strangers. But then, his tongue slithered out of my hole and he stood up, smiling. 

"You bastard!" I shrieked, and the room exploded into raptures of laughter. I stared up at him, seething with anger. He grabbed my thighs and yanked me down the bed, so he was standing between my spread legs. I looked down at my pussy and gasped. The swollen tip of his cock glistened as droplets of pre-cum seeped from the tiny slit. 

I closed my eyes and fell back onto the bed as he rubbed the head up and down my glistening lips. He pushed his cock into my opening, parting my lips slightly. It felt big and hard, and every inch he fed me made me moan louder. Then, his entire length was buried deep inside my pussy, and I locked my legs around his waist, determined to keep him there.

He withdrew his cock until only the tip was inside me, and then slammed it back into me, pushing me hard up the bed. I screamed in pleasure as his cock stretched my pussy back and forth, over and over. 

Then, at last, I was cumming. I lost all control, squeezing my legs tighter round his waist, trying to pull him further inside me as my pussy tightened round his cock and drowned him in my juices. 

Eager gasps and moans escaped the other men as they watched and waited for their turns. Grabbing my breasts hard, he thrust his cock into me as deep as he could. His moans grew longer and louder as he repeatedly slammed his cock into me. Then, with a final grunt, he buried his cock inside my tight womb and covered its soft walls with his cum. 

When we both came round, the men were still standing around us, their cocks dancing with anticipation. I looked up at the man who had just filled me with his seed, his eyes looked tired and his body drained, but his cock still felt hard as he slowly pulled it from my body.

Then two men climbed onto the bed, either side of me, and each cupped a breast. I couldn't speak, my heart thumped hard against my chest. Two stiff cocks prodded my face as I felt a third man exploring the tops of my legs with his fingers. I pushed my soiled pussy down towards his throbbing cock, urging him to fuck me while I moved my hands towards my face and grabbed the two cocks firmly. They both felt smooth and hard, but one was slightly fatter, barely allowing my fingers to fully wrap round him.

I weighed them in my hands like fat sausages, before I started to stroke them gently. They moaned softly as I circled my thumbs around the tip of their cocks, smudging the pre-cum into their swollen heads. 

The third man pulled me into him so that our groins were touching. "Now it's my turn with the whore." He grunted, sliding his cock across my clit, and then down my entrance. 

I started to stroke the cocks in my hands faster and harder as I opened my legs wider. They continued to groan and push their tools towards my gasping my mouth, but I stopped them as I looked down between my legs for a moment. Then I looked up at the third man and saw the lust in his eyes. 

My breasts were now being mauled by the other two men, but I continued to look into the eyes of the third man. He nudged the tip of his cock into my cum soaked pussy and then stopped.

"Be a good slut and suck those cocks," he instructed, pushing his cock further inside. 

I no longer had the strength to play games; I may never have had it. As the third guy sunk his length into my pussy, I sucked the cock to my right into my eager little mouth. The third guy grabbed my hips tight and started to bang away at my body. I was soaking wet and ready, and his large cock slid in easily.

"Fuck! Your pussy feels good!" He grunted loudly, pushing his cock further up inside me. I moved myself slightly, rocking in time with his slow, deep thrusts, sending tiny sensations through my body. 

The cock in my mouth started pulsing as it pushed right inside my mouth. "Are you ready to swallow, bitch?" The man choking me asked. 

I could only moan around his cock, already the heat between my legs was spreading through me. The cock in my mouth was growing, getting bigger, and then it happened. I had no choice but to swallow his cum. I quickly gulped down the first jet as it blasted against the back of my throat, but then it just kept flowing as he fired jet after jet of hot cum into my mouth. I managed to swallow most of it, but I felt some leak from the sides of my mouth and down my face.

The guy on the other side of my head climbed on top of me and quickly thrust his cock between my breasts, giving me no time to recover. "You're going to have it rough." He groaned.

"Do it to me as rough as you like." I said, squashing my breasts around his cock. He smiled, and then started slamming into my cleavage. His eyes glared down at me as he thrust between my breasts. I looked down at his swollen head as it pushed its way through the valley of soft flesh.

Suddenly, with a domino effect, the three of us came. I watched the cock fucking my breasts, and flicked my tongue across the tip. Without warning, the first blast erupted straight into my face, covering my mouth and nose. I gasped with shock and pleasure as my stomach tightened and my pussy started tingling. I struggled to breath, gasping for breath as salty cum kept landing on my face and inside my mouth. It felt warm and slimy, but also so dirty, sending my own body over the edge to climax. My hips bucked wildly as the last droplets of spunk landed on my face, and then I felt the cock inside my pussy twitch and fill my body with more hot cum.

The two men climbed off my body and left me panting on the bed. My skin felt clammy and uncomfortable. Strands of damp hair were clinging to my neck. Beads of sweat ran down my back. My nipples were still hard and sensitive. They stood out, fat and prominent, glistening with sweat and cum.

Then it was someone else's turn. I don't know how long I had been doing it before I realised, but I started to rock my hips as my pussy rubbed against his large hand. He stroked my clit, and the heat inside me was building again. 

He climbed onto the bed and positioned himself between my weak, limp legs. He took both ankles in his hands and placed them onto his shoulders.

"No! I want her to myself." He said, to another man as he approached my head. "I want to fuck this slut good and hard. I want her to remember my face as she screams on my cock."

His cock was long and fat, easily the biggest so far. With my legs trapped on top of his shoulders, he ran his cock down my slit and slid it slowly inside me. I gasped in pleasure as he filled me, spreading my lips. He stroked my clit with his thumb as he started to fuck me faster and deeper. 

I was shaking all over. Sweat pouring from my cum covered body. I could only close my eyes and allow myself to be used.

"I'm fucking your dirty cunt with my fat cock," he said, "It feels so hot and wet and tight. Look at your body responding like a true whore. Your clit is throbbing. You're even thrusting your pussy towards me, and you don't even realise it. You're a bitch on heat, craving for some hot cum to fill your fertile womb." 

I clamped my legs around his neck and squeezed hard. My clit was going wild under his thumb, I was getting close. I felt tense and wound up, it was a strange feeling. I had never felt like this before when on the verge of a climax. 

My belly was on fire with intense pleasure, but I felt angry and tense. "Fuck me, you dirty bastard," I hissed, "Your cock feels so big and hard, it's hurting me. I want you to give me the fuck of my life, fill me up. Fill me up so much that I have to beg you to stop."

"Yes, that's it whore!" he grunted, through gritted teeth. "Your pussy is all hot and wet, soaking wet in fact, and I can feel it gripping my cock. I want you to cum for me, slut. I know your almost there, so let it go, let it all out."

His cock had an upward curve, and it rubbed against my g-spot in rhythm with his thumb rubbing my clit. It was the most intense climax of my life. I held onto his neck with my legs and tried to grind my pussy into his groin. Intense tingling shot through my body and my nipples hardened to the point where they actually hurt. I screamed and bucked as if possessed by a demon. I could hear him panting and grunting above me as he unloaded his cum into my broken cunt. My body no longer felt tense, but very, very weak. 

"I can't wait to fuck her." I heard a man say. 

"I'm so hard it fucking hurts." I heard another curse, or maybe it was the same man, I couldn't tell. I felt tired. My body needed to rest, but something told me I wasn't going to get one, not yet anyway.

"Don't fall asleep on us, princess," a faceless voice chuckled. "You still got three to go."

He pulled me up so I was sitting on the edge of the bed. Another man approached me and held a cup to my lips. It looked like water, but tasted bitter, making me shiver, and I was made to finish it. 

Then one of the men got onto the bed and pulled me on top of him. He let out a loud deep moan as he lowered me down over his cock. He wasn't as big as the others, but he awakened my senses as he slid into me. 

He reached for my breasts and groped them gently, and he began to rock my hips back and forth. I spread my legs wider and started to raise my body up and down, matching his strokes. My pussy quickly started to tingle again. 

Suddenly, I could hear heavy breathing behind me. Another man climbed onto the bed and pushed me forwards, squashing my breasts into the guy below me. I felt something cold and slimy being rubbed into my puckered hole, and I shuddered. 

The cock in my pussy stopped moving, and then I felt another cock pushing against my tight, anal opening. Grunts and moans spread through the room as I closed my eyes and waited. I jolted and let out a tiny scream as I fought hard to hide my discomfort. At first I felt pain, but as the head of the cock forced itself into my back passage, I began to relax and feel only pleasure.

The guy below me sucked my nipples, biting them, stretching them. I began to moan as he kept sucking on them, and then the two cocks began to slide back and forth. The man behind me grabbed my hips tight and pulled me back towards him, and we began to move more urgently. 

I was forced forwards, causing intense pleasure inside my cunt. Then I was forced backwards, causing an intense, but very pleasurable, feeling inside my arse. They both held me tight as we moved. Our hips rocked together, heating my insides like a furnace. The sensation was incredible, I felt so full and satisfied.

Both men started grunting as they fucked me faster. I could feel both cocks throbbing against the sensitive walls inside me. I suddenly felt alive again as they pushed me to the edge of pleasure. I ground my body against theirs, moving my hips frantically.

Then, I screamed out loud as I began to come. My body shook violently as they continued to fuck me through my climax. Their bodies were rigid against mine, grunting like animals as they each gave their final thrusts and pumped their loads into my body.

Hot cum erupted inside my pussy, while at the same time, hot cum flooded my arse. I collapsed onto of the guy below me, unable to hold my balance any longer. The guy behind me pulled out, and I felt his cum slide out of my tight hole and onto my pussy. They guy below me gently pushed me off him, and I was left alone on the bed with hot cum leaking from both holes between my legs. I looked round the room and saw the men smiling and nodding. Some were even clapping.

"I can't fuck that slut now," A younger looking guy said. "She's completely soiled."

All the men laughed as I led there, exhausted and covered in cum. "Use her mouth, she gives fucking good head." I heard someone else shout.

The young lad approached me, stroking his cock with urgency. "I'm not sticking my cock in this dirty bitch," he hissed. "But she can still have my load, all over her pretty little face." About two hours ago I would have slapped him across the face for saying such a thing. But I had no energy left, and he was probably right anyway. Instead, I allowed him to grab a handful of my hair as he beat his cock inches from my face. 

"Open your mouth, slut and poke out your tongue." He demanded.

I opened my mouth and flicked my tongue across the tip of his cock. He grunted loudly, yanked my head back, and then covered my face with his cum.

"Goddamn, where did you find this dirty little bitch?"

"On the internet, she's just another filthy whore desperate to fulfil her fantasies."