 Pulling off the motorway, Kath made her way along the slip-road, eventually coming to a halt in the hotel car-park. Digging her mobile phone from her pocket, she quickly typed out "At hotel" and pressed 'Send'.

She didn't have to wait long for a reply. "Traffic hellish. B abt 40 mins" came the response. Kath smiled to herself. Much as she was looking forward to seeing Craig again and would have been happy if he'd been just behind her, this gave her time to check in and have a shower before he arrived which, after a long drive, was just what she needed.

Having checked in with a minimum of fuss, Kath sent a quick text saying: "Rm 237. Will b w8ing 4 u ;-)XxX" before heading to he room.

The room itself was basic but Kath was content with that. So long as it was clean, which it was, the bed was comfortable, which still needed testing, and there was plenty of hot water in the shower, which she would soon find out, she was happy enough. It was, after all, for just one night.

Pausing only long enough to unpack her dressing-gown, Kath quickly undressed and made her way through to the bathroom. Turning the shower on, she quickly adjusted it to the correct temperature then stepped in. The warm water felt good against her travel-weary body and she quickly began to relax as it cascaded over her.

Kath let out a long sigh as the hot water slowly washed away the tensions of her long drive. She quickly washed her long, blonde hair then, lathering up her hands, she began to give herself a well needed rub down.

The hot jet of the shower felt like a thousand fingers massaging her skin. Without any conscious thought, her hands slid over her breasts. Kath sighed and closed her eyes as her hands rubbed against their soft skin. 

Perhaps it was because of Craig's imminent arrival but as the hot water flowed over her and her hands glided over her skin, her imagination took over; erotic images filling her mind. 

As her hands continued to stroke and caress her breasts images became more and more vivid. She saw herself on her knees, in front of Craig with his long, thick cock between her lips as her mouth slid up and down its length. The scene changed and this time he was above her, pinning her down as his cock thrust deep inside her pussy. Her knees began to tremble as scenes unfolded before her. As she imagined him behind her, his cock buried deep inside her arse, she realised that she was looking forward to 'catching up' with Craig even more than she had previously thought.

Kath and Craig had been friends for several years, having originally worked together when she had joined the firm he worked for as a graduate trainee. There had always been an 'undertone' to their friendship; one filled with suggestive banter and innuendo. It was only when she had left the company, a few years later, that their relationship had become physical. 

It had been on her leaving night when, having bolstered her courage with a certain amount of alcohol, she had blurted out her attraction to Craig.

One thing had led to another and, before they knew it, they had been back at Kath's flat, their hands roaming all over each others' bodies as they struggled to remove each others' clothes. 

Kath remembered how her hands had fallen to his jeans tugging at the buttons. With one movement she'd pulled his jeans and boxers down over his hips, revealing a cock that was long, thick and very, very hard. 

Kath had quickly dropped to her knees, taking his cock between her lips before proceeding to suck it. That had been for starters. Much as Kath enjoyed sucking on a nice juicy cock, and would normally have been happy to have taken him all the way, feeling him fill her mouth with his cum, that night she had had a fire in my pussy needed to be put out. In only a matter of minutes after arriving at her flat, Kath had found herself lying on her bed, her legs wrapped around his, her pussy stretching to accommodate him as he began fucking her. 

She remembered how she had pushed her hips back to meet his slow, powerful thrusts, and how she had pulled her knees up to let him in deeper. "Harder! Ooh harder!" she had moaned as his cock ground in and out and a warm glow spread out from her pussy to engulf her whole body. 

Craig had driven her to climax after climax as he fucked her pussy and then her arse. 

In the end, after having both her pussy and arse soundly fucked and filled with cum, she and Craig had collapsed, spent, together in each others' arms, holding each other close. 

Without even realising it, while lost in her reverie, Kath's left hand had found her pussy. With two fingers inside her, her thumb gently massaged her clit. Her other hand still caressed her breasts, massaging the rich suds into her skin while in her mind, once again, she was with Craig, stroking his cock until it erupted, sending a final load of hot sticky cum over them. 

Kath began to moan as her imagination and the sensations from her clit gripped her. She drove her fingers deep into her pussy and began to pump them in and out. She leaned against the wall of the shower unit to steady herself as her passion rose. "Ohhh, mmm, ahhh," she moaned as she pinched her nipples with the fingers of her right hand, the fingers of her left hand twisting inside her pussy. 

With her body on fire, Kath rubbed at her clit with her thumb. Her womb began to contract. "Mmmm yessss!" she cried out as her climax rose up to claim her. Her body trembled so violently she had to grab the towel ring to stop her from falling. "Oh yesss! Oh fuck yessss!" she cried as she gave herself up to her pleasure. Breathing hard, she let her fingers slip out of her pussy. She used both hands to massage her breasts, rubbing them and squeezing them together as she rolled her nipples with her thumbs, 

Breathing hard and almost unable to stand, Kath savoured the sensations as her climax peaked then slowly subsided. Turning the water off, she grabbed a towel and made her way wearily but contentedly through to the bedroom where she began to dry herself off.

Kath had barely finished drying her hair when someone knocked on the door. A shiver of excited anticipation ran up her spine. Getting to her feet, she quickly pulled on her dressing-gown, tying the belt loosely around her waist, and made her way to the door.

It was Craig.

"Yes?" Kath enquired coyly, "Can I help you?"

Craig smiled; that familiar lopsided, slightly ironic smile that Kath had always found so endearing.

"Well," he drawled, "I understand there's a pretty but very frustrated damsel in distress being held captive somewhere on this floor and apparently, she needs a good seeing-to to help set her free. I was hoping to offer her my services. I don't suppose you know where I might find her do you?"

Kath laughed. "Oh, her, I'm afraid you're too late," she replied with aplomb, "She was in the room next door but some tall, handsome young stud fucked her brains out then swept her away not more than ten minutes ago. Will I do instead?" she asked, opening the front of her dressing-gown to give Craig a glimpse of her toned, yet generously curved body.

Craig's eyes lingered on Kath's body until she covered herself again. He laughed. "Well," he began at his drollest, "I suppose you might, just, at a push."

"Well," Kath replied, "I wouldn't want to keep you away from anything more important."

Craig pretended to think about it. "No, that's OK. I'm sure I could spare some time since you offered so generously."

Laughing, Kath grabbed Craig's arm. "Well then, get your arse in here and give me a bloody good seeing-to," she said, pulling firmly on his arm.

The door closed behind him as Kath pulled him into the room. Almost at once, she was in his arms and their lips were pressed firmly together.

"It's wonderful to see you again, Craig," Kath said when their lips finally parted.

"It's great to see you too," Craig agreed. "You still look fantastic."

"Why, thank you," Kath replied. "Just for that, you've earned yourself a closer look." She smiled impishly, shrugging off her dressing-gown and letting it fall to the floor to stand naked in front of him. "I must say, you're looking pretty hot yourself and I hope I'm going to get to have a closer look too!"

"I'm fairly certain that can be arranged." Craig agreed, casting an admiring eye over Kath's body.

"Good!"

Kath kissed him and, as she did, she began tugging at his clothes. As they kissed, Craig assisted her and was quickly as naked as she was.

Kath moved into his embrace, pressing her body firmly against his. "Mmmmm, I'd almost forgotten how good you feel," she purred contentedly. Craig murmured his agreement.

"Hmmmm, it feels like you are pleased to see me," Kath murmured, feeling his cock stiffen and press against her. She reached down and stroked it gently. "Mmmmm, long, hard and ready for action, just how I remember it and just the way I always like it." Kath's grip became firmer as she worked her fingers along Craig's shaft. "Would you mind awfully if I were to give it a bit of a suck?"

Smiling, Craig replied, "I wouldn't mind in the slightest. In fact, you can give it as much of a suck as you like."

Kath smiled. Taking his hand, she led him towards the large bed in the centre of the room. "Make yourself comfortable," she said, pushing him gently towards the bed, "Then I'll see what I can do to make you uncomfortable again," she added with a coy grin.

Craig settled himself on the edge of the bed. Kath quickly positioned herself between his legs. She stroked his cock lightly; it twitched in response to her touch.

"How long has it been since I last did this?" she asked.

"Too long," he replied, "Far too long."

Kath smiled. "Yeah. Far too long," she agreed.

Holding his cock lightly, she leaned forward to kiss its tip. Craig was powerless as Kath proceeded to tease him. He moaned as she leaned forward and kissed his stomach, her breasts rubbing against the insides of his thighs, his cock sliding between her firm, fleshy globes. She smiled up at him as she reached down to press her breasts together, squashing his cock between them. 

"Oh, Kath! That's so good!" Craig gasped as she rocked slowly back and forth, his cock sliding between her breasts. 

"Glad you approve," Kath replied coyly before flicking her tongue over his knob as it poked from her cleavage. Craig groaned as Kath coated the head of his cock with a warm film of saliva. 

"Damn!" Craig sighed, "Oh fuck yes!" he gasped as Kath took his knob into her mouth and slowly slid her lips along his shaft. As she worked her mouth back and forth she let her teeth drag lightly against his cock, her tongue swirling over its surface. Craig's hips bucked slightly, forcing his cock deeper into her hot and hungry mouth. "Oh, Kath!!!!!" he moaned as she took the head into the back of her throat and swallowed repeatedly. 

Kath began to move her head back and forth, sliding her lips along his shaft. At the top of each stroke she swirled her tongue around the head then flicked it lightly across the slit. 

"Ohhh, mmmm," Craig groaned as, sucking hard, Kath lips slid down his shaft, taking as much of his cock as possible into her mouth. Wrapping her fingers around the remaining inches, she moved her hand in time with her mouth. Cupping his balls with her free hand, her mouth and other hand slid up and down in tandem. "Fuck! That feels so good!" Craig groaned in appreciation. 

Craig's breathing deepened. He moaned as Kath's mouth slid lightly up and down his shaft, sucking gently as she moved. She began to vary the pace; first slow and gentle than hard an fast before slowing down again. As she devoured his cock with her mouth, she cupped and squeezed his balls, pressing her middle finger into the sensitive spot between his balls and arsehole. 

"Shit! Ohhh fuck!" Craig groaned as his hips begin to buck. Reaching down, he held Kath's head as he fucked her mouth, thrusting his cock with short, angry stabs into her eager mouth. 

Kath could tell that Craig was getting close; she could feel his cock begin to twitch; she could taste his rich pre-cum as it oozed on to her tongue. Kath slid her lips up until only the very tip of his swollen member remained in her mouth. Gripping his shaft between her thumb and forefinger, she began to rub up and down. 

Craig's moans became increasingly desperate. Kath stroked his cock harder, increasing her pace, sucking hard as the head of his cock swelled in her mouth.

"I... I can't t... take much more, Kath," Craig groaned from between clenched teeth as the pressure for release mounted unbearably, "I... I'm going t... to c... cum!"

With her lips securely wrapped around the head of his cock, Kath let her mouth relax. Tilting her head back, their eyes met as she gave his balls one final, gentle squeeze. Craig's balls seemed to contract and, with a growl of sheer animal lust, he let go. 

Jet after jet of hot, sticky cum surged into Kath's hungry mouth. As Craig forced his cock between her lips, deep into her mouth, she swallowed his cum quickly, savouring the taste and the sensations as it trickled down her throat. 

Kath's jaw began to ache as the force of release caused him to fuck it harder. She almost gagged as he drove his knob repeatedly into the back of her throat.

As his climax subsided, Craig's thrusting slowed and eventually stopped. Still sucking hard, Kath wrapped her lips around his knob and let the last of his stream pool in on her tongue.

With a sigh, Craig slipped his cock from between Kath' lips, leaving a small trail of cum dribbling down her chin. Looking him in the eye, Kath smiled. Opening her mouth wide, she made a show of savouring the cum she'd collected on her tongue before greedily swallowing it down. "Mmmm, I enjoyed that," she purred, wiping her chin and licking her fingers before sucking the last few drops from his rapidly diminishing cock. 

Kath scrambled up on to the bed to lie next to Craig. "I take it I haven't lost my touch?" she asked.

"You're kidding, aren't you?" Craig replied, "I'd say you've managed to get even better!"

Kath kissed Craig lightly on the cheek then smiled. "That's good to know," she purred, "I guess all the practice I've had over the years has paid off."

"I'd say so," Craig agreed emphatically, "I only hope I can acquit myself as admirably."

"Oh, I'm sure you will," Kath replied, giving Craig a reassuring pat on the arm, "Yours was always one of my favourite tongues. Even most of my girlfriends never come close to giving me what that tongue of yours could. I swear it has a mind all of its own."

"So glad you approve," Craig drawled.

"I do indeed," Kath replied. "Now, do you think you could stop talking about it so that you can put your tongue to a much better use?" she enquired with aplomb.

Craig laughed. "I guess, since you put it so nicely, I suppose I could. After all, it's going to take me a little time to be ready again, so I suppose we need to have some way to occupy ourselves until then." 

"Oh, I couldn't agree more," Kath replied, feigning innocence, "We see each other so rarely and we have so little time, it just wouldn't do to waste any."

Craig's smile broadened. Leaning forward, he kissed her lightly on the lips. The kiss quickly increased in passion and intensity. With their lips pressed firmly together, Craig let his hands begin exploring Kath's body.

"Mmmm. That feels good," Kath sighed as Craig's fingers traced the curve of her breasts and gently teased her nipples. A few moments later, his lips replaced his fingers and he began feasting on Kath's breasts. 

"Ooooooh, Craig," Kath cooed as his tongue coated her breasts with a film of warm, wet salvia. "That feels so good." Craig sucked each of Kath's nipples into his mouth in turn. Kath moaned as he gently but firmly fastened his teeth around one nipple and began to pull, flicking his tongue over its stiffened tip as he teased the other with his thumb. 

Despite their size, Kath's breasts were extremely sensitive. With the tenderly skilful way with which Craig played with them, it was no surprise to Kath when her womb began to pulse. "Ooooooohhhhhhh yesssssssss!" she cried, throwing her head back as a small but intensely powerful orgasm spread through her, causing her body to shake. Craig paused briefly, smiling as he watched Kath's face contort with pleasure as her climax washed over her. 

As her breathing returned to normal, Kath smiled at Craig. "That was good!" she said appreciatively. 

Craig laughed. "You're the only woman I know who can cum from having her tits played with and nothing else," he said. 

"I know," Kath replied, "I've always been able to. My tits are so sensitive, it's almost as if they're connected directly to my clit." 

Craig laughed. "So it would seem," he said, "Shall I continue?"

"Oh yes," she replied, "And don't worry, that one was just for starters, just like yours. I'll probably have at least a couple more before we're finished." 

"Good," Craig replied with a smile, "Still the same old Kath I used to know then. Now where were we?" 

Kath affected a thoughtful expression, lifting a finger to her lips. "I think..." she said slowly, "I think you said you were about to eat my pussy. Why don't we start with that? Then, hopefully, you'll be ready to give me a good, hard fucking!" she added coyly. 

"Sounds good to me," retorted Craig. He knelt between Kath's legs and leaned forward. "Ahhhh," he sighed as inhaled the rich scent of her pussy. Kath's juices glistened on her enflamed labia, The entrance to her tunnel was open and inviting. 

Craig pressed his tongue against the moist wet flesh and worked his tongue up from the entrance of Kath's pussy to her clit. "Oooooooohhhhhh," sighed Kath, squirming with pleasure in response to Craig's touch. 

"You taste soooo good," Craig sighed then curled his tongue into Kath's pussy, darting it rapidly in and out. Kath writhed on the bed, biting her bottom lip as Craig took each of her labia between his lips and sucked them, running the tip of his tongue along their edge. His nose pressed briefly against her clit, sending a shiver up Kath's spine. 

"Fuck, Craig!" Kath exclaimed, as his tongue explored every fold of her pussy. "You're so good at that," she breathed, "I swear I've never met anyone else that's so good with their tongue." Craig paused briefly to smile before continuing with his feast. He relished the compliment Kath had just given him and felt the first stirrings of recovery in his cock. 

"What is it?" Kath demanded as Craig chuckled to himself, reflecting on the restorative power of Kath's words 

"Oh, uh, nothing!" Craig replied glibly. 

"Well get on with it then!" Kath demanded. 

"Yes Ma'am," Craig replied before returning to his task. 

Craig lapped hungrily at Kath's pussy as her warm, rich juices flooded his mouth. Kath began to tease her nipples as his tongue grazed her clit. "Ohhhh fuck, yesssss! That's it! Lick me right there!" she demanded. 

Craig did as Kath requested, concentrating his attention on her clit, occasionally sucking it between his lips. "Ahhhhhh, mmmmmmm!" Kath sighed as she tugged her nipples with her fingers, feeling the fire in her pussy begin to spread through her. 

Humming softly as he sucked on Kath's clit, Craig slowly slid one finger into her warm, wet pussy. After pumping it in and out briefly, he added a second, feeling Kath squirm as he twisted them around inside her. "Oh yes, Craig... that's it... don't stop..." she moaned as his fingers plunged into her depths, his tongue lashing her clit. 

Kath could feel her orgasm approaching. She clutched at the bed covers with her fingers as she tried to hold back. Craig's tongue beat mercilessly on her throbbing clit, his fingers pumped rapidly in and out of her pussy. Suddenly, she felt the tip of another finger press against her tight rear opening. Her sphincter yielded slightly as the tip worked its way in. That final touch was too much for Kath to bear. "Ooooooooohhhh fffuuuucccckkkkk!!!!!" she cried, throwing her head back to give voice to her release as her body began to thrash. 
