 The four of us were just sitting around shooting the breeze on a Saturday night. We'd been drinking wine coolers all day and Margueritas since about six o'clock. As the time swept on toward nine, the talk turned definitely sexual.

Steve and his wife Angela had been our friends for about three years. Steve, a solid, good looking blond guy was a jet mechanic for a large airline. He stood about 6-foot-one and had to weigh in at close to 200 pounds. All of it, I was sure, was muscle. Angela was a blousy kind of broad. She was sweet, but not incredibly gifted upstairs. What she lacked in brilliance was made up for in her stature. She looked like she'd stepped out of one of those girlie magazines my husband used to read when we were first married. She had dark, curly hair that fell half-way down her back. Her eyes were cobalt blue and shone with a joy of life that was undeniable.

I had no doubt that my husband, Kevin, had the hots for Angela. The only thing that kept Kevin from making a four-engine rush on her was the knowledge that Steve would rip him limb from limb if he ever tried it. Kevin was shorter than Steve by nearly half a head. He stood about 5' 10" and weighted somewhere around 170. He was my college sweetheart. His shock of dark hair, winning smile and quick sense of humor bowled me over. We were married three months after I earned my BS in psychology. Kevin had his MBA and worked with an accounting firm in one of those downtown skyscrapers.

I'm Kelsey. Kevin and I have been married for four years. I've got blonde hair, cut shortish because it's easy to take care of. I'm 5' 5" and 118 pounds. My figure is kind of pear-shaped; smallish breasts (34s) and hips I think are too wide (37). Kevin says he likes it that way. It gives him hips he can hold onto. Good for child-bearing, he jokes with me.

"What's your most fascinating feature?" Kevin asked Angela.

"That's easy," Steve interjected. "Her eyes."

"That's what you think," Kevin told Steve. "I want to know what Angela thinks about herself."

"My hair," Angela said. "What's yours?"

"Mine?" Kevin was taken aback. "I would have to say my mind."

"That's a load of crap," I burst in. "It's your ass, man." That brought roars of laughter from the group.

"I don't ever think I looked at his ass," Steve quipped.

"It's not the kind of thing guys notice," I said. "Stand up, Kevin," I commanded my husband. "Let Angela get a load of your ass. Let her decide."

Angela kind of giggled as Steve stood in front of her.

"It is kind of cute," she admitted.

"But is it better than my brain?" Kevin asked her.

"I don't know," Angela answered. "I couldn't hold on to your brain."

"Oh, ho!" I called out. "You've been grabbing his ass?"

Angela blushed crimson. "No, I have not!" she said, defensively.

"What do you think your best feature is," Steve asked me.

"Well, it's not my hips, that's for sure," I said. "Way too large."

"They're not," Kevin chipped in. "She obsesses about her hips."

"And, it's not my tits, because they're too small," I continued.

"I don't think they're too small," Angela told the group.

"I think they're perfect," Kevin agreed.

"Maybe my back," I volunteered. "Kevin says he loves to look at my back."

"Show us," Steve challenged.

I looked at Kevin. He shrugged. "Yeah, sure, okay," he said.

I turned my back to the group and lifted my shirt over my head. I hadn't worn a bra that day because we were staying in. The full expanse of my back was exposed to everyone in the room.

Steve said softly, "I never thought of a back as sexy before. That one definitely is." He reached up and trailed his fingers across the skin. It sent shivers throughout my body.

"Hey!" Angela protested.

"Come here, baby," Steve told his wife. "Touch this. Really. It's smooth, and soft, but firm underneath. Come on."

I felt Angela's tentative touch. She raked her fingers down the left side, and sparks seemed to fly throughout my body. I shuddered, and the juices began to flow, you know, down there.

"Do you give her back rubs?" Angela asked Kevin, her fingers trailing lightly over my exposed skin..

"I used to," he admitted. "But we had to stop."

"Why?" Angela wanted to know. Her fingernails scratched softly at my skin.

"It makes her cum," my husband confessed.

"All right," I said, pulling my top back over my head. "This is getting out of hand."

I looked into Angela's deep blue eyes. There was something there I'd never seen before. It made me both uncomfortable and excited at the same time. I felt like I had to break the spell or we'd be headed for trouble.

"Okay," I said, turning to face the group, "who's left? Steve. What's your best feature?"

"That's easy," he said, grabbing the bottom of his polo shirt and ripping it over his head. He flexed his muscles. His hairless chest stood out in perfect symmetry. Unthinking, my hand reached out toward him. I stopped not an inch before I made contact. I looked at Angela, seated in the recliner, leaning forward.

"Fair's fair," she said. "He touched your back."

My fingers crossed the inch distance and Steve's warm skin and firm musculature were under my hands in a second. I pressed and caressed, tracing the outlines of the bulges and valleys.

"Oh, my," I whispered. The next thing I knew, Angela was beside me, her hands joining mine in caressing her husband's chest.

"Isn't he spectacular?" she said. "I don't let him wear any clothes at home," she confessed, just so I can watch these babies ripple and move."

"Really?" I was amazed. 

"Yeah," she giggled. "Neither of us wears clothes at home. He says he likes to see me, too."

"You guys must go at it all the time, then," Kevin chimed in.

"Mostly," Angela giggled.

"So, you both go naked in your house?" I asked. "All the time?"

"Except when there's company, you know," Angela answered, her hand rubbing across her husband's firm abs. Then she retreated, sitting down next to Kevin on the sofa.

"Maybe I should put my shirt back on," Steve offered.

"No, no," I said, trying to sound nonchalant. "You're fine."

"I don't want to make anyone uncomfortable," he said, his muscles flexing under my touch as he tried to organize his shirt. I was fixated.

"Don't. Please," I said. It took all my willpower to pull my hands away from him. He sat back down in his chair. 

I looked around the room. Angela had taken my seat on the sofa next to Kevin. I had a choice. I could take her position in the recliner, or I could sit on the hassock next to Steve. I chose the hassock.

"What we need is a game," Angela said, "you know, to get things going?"

"Going where?" Kevin asked.

Angela reached up and cupped Kevin's face in her hand. She looked straight into his eyes. He looked like prey, frozen, petrified, vulnerable in the face of his demise. Then she leaned into him ever so slightly, her full, red lips covering his for no more than two seconds. I watched in fascination as he stared at her, wide-eyed.

"There," she said. "There and farther. Get me a deck of cards."

I checked Steve's reaction to his wife's behavior. Steve was grinning from ear to ear.

Kevin struggled up from the sofa. He looked across the short expanse of our den to me. His face had a red smear from Angela's lipstick across the mouth. He looked momentarily troubled. I put my arm around Steve's leg and lay my head on his knee. I smiled at Kevin.

"Get her the deck of cards, baby," I told him. "Unless you don't want to play."

Kevin walked to the cabinet and pulled out a fresh deck of playing cards. He tore off the plastic covering and handed the box to Angela. Then he sat down next to her.

"I used to deal blackjack," Angela announced, "back before I met Steve." She shuffled the cards expertly on the coffee table. "The house always won, back then. I used to feel sorry for the suckers that would always lose. Tonight, everybody is a winner," she proclaimed, handing the shuffled deck to Kevin. "Cut them," she ordered.

Kevin split the deck and handed them back to Angela. "It's a simple game," she said. "High card wins. We'll play teams. Kelsey and Steve. Kevin and me. High card gets to tell low card team to do whatever they want. Ready?"

"Ready," Steve said. "You ready?" he asked me. I nodded.

"You ready, baby?" Angela asked Kevin.

"I - I guess," he said.

Angela flipped over two cards. The nine of hearts for Steve and me. The Queen of diamonds for them. "We won," Angela proclaimed. She leaned toward Kevin and whispered in his ear. Kevin nodded slowly.

"Kiss him," Angela said, "anywhere you want to."

I turned around and planted my lips on Steve's thundering pec. My lips sucked at his skin, my tongue licking at him. My had surreptitiously slid up his leg and snaked under his shorts. Steve groaned softly.

"That's enough," Angela called. "New cards."

The dark haired beauty flipped up two new cards. Ten of diamonds for us. Six of clubs for them.

"Take off your shirt, Kevin," I ordered, not bothering to confer with Steve. Now they were even. Steve patted my shoulder. I looked up to see him grin.

Kevin squirmed out of his shirt. He tossed it down next to the sofa.

"New cards," Angela called. She dealt out the five of spades to us and squealed. When she flipped over the two of clubs her face fell.

"Your turn, Angela," I heard Steve's voice rumble. "Take off your top."

In a few seconds, Angela was sitting next to my husband wearing only her bra above her waist.

"New cards," she announced. We drew the ten of clubs. They got the Jack of spades.

"What do you think?" Angela asked my husband. "Kelsey's top, or Steve's shorts."

"Wait a minute," I protested. "I'm not wearing a bra."

"I've seen your tits," Kevin told me, "so it's no big deal to me."

"All right," Angela said. "Your shorts, Steve. So say we all." Kevin nodded.

Steve stood up and shucked his shorts. He sat back down, a bulge evident in the front of his briefs.

"You know," I suggested, "we don't all have to get naked."

"Yes, we do," Angela said, collecting the cards and stacking them in a discard pile. "Next set," she continued, dealing us a lowly five, and them a king.

Steve's wife and my husband went into a whispered conference. When they came out, Kevin had this huge grin on his face.

"Honey?" Angela said to her husband.

"What? My briefs? Already?" he said, shrugging and standing up.

"No, no, no," Angela said quickly. "Would you remove Kelsey's top, please?"

It didn't take him long. Steve pulled up my top and swooped it over my head. I gave Kevin a dirty look.

"You're next, buddy," I snarled.

"Now, now," Angela said. "You have lovely breasts. Nothing to be ashamed of. Maybe you'll get lucky this time."

It was not to be. Our jack was trumped by Kevin and Angela's ace of hearts.

"I've got an idea," Angela said, then went to whispering in Kevin's ear.

"Yeah, we could do that," Kevin said aloud. 

The two of them were thick as thieves. I was getting pissed at their arrogance. Kevin whispered in Angela's ear.

"Okay," she said to us. "Steve, you get to pull off her shorts. But you have to use only your left hand."

"You are wearing panties, aren't you, Kelsey?" Kevin mugged.

"Yes, I am, Mister Smart Ass," I snapped. 

I stood up in front of Steve, determined to thwart the two smug individuals across the table from us. I unsnapped the snap and pulled down the zipper on my shorts.

"There you go, Steve," I said. "It ought to be easy now."

"No fair!" Angela howled.

"You said he had to use his left hand," I snapped back. "You didn't say anything about me not helping."

Steve tugged at one leg, then the other. Soon, I stood with my light blue panties covering my vitals and my shorts crumpled around my ankles. I stepped out of them and sat down.

Steve and I won the next two rounds. We opted for Kevin's shorts and Angela's short skirt. She sat there in her dark bra and panties. The boys had on only their jockeys.

Angela dealt the next set of cards. The ten of clubs gave me hope. Angela beat it with the queen of hearts.

"There it is!" Kevin shouted gleefully. Angela smiled.

"You do the honors," she told Kevin.

"All right," he said, almost bouncing in his chair. "Steve, old buddy. You get to remove my wife's panties."

A warm flush rushed through me. But, Kevin wasn't through.

"No hands," he said, "no feet, and," he paused, looking straight at me, "no help from you. Mouth, lips and tongue only."

Steve's cock lurched in his pants. He got down on his knees and motioned for me to walk to him. I stood in front of him and put my hands in his wild mane of blond hair.

"Have fun," I said, then close my eyes and turned my face toward the ceiling.

Steve started by biting the sides of the garment and tugging them downward. I felt his hot breath on my belly. He somehow slid his tongue between my skin and the fabric, then forced it downward. I could feel him enter the area of my pubis, pulling the panties down with him. They hooked on my backside, though. Steve was going to have to work them over my butt. He turned me around, and gently bit on the cloth. He pulled and I felt the material break away. He turned me again, and once more slid his tongue down my belly toward my sex. As the panties fell down my hips, across my knees and came to rest around my ankles, Steve's tongue plunged into my damp crease, causing me to thrust my hips forward. He licked at me slowly several times, then pulled away.

"Mission accomplished," he said. "I think I won that round."

When I opened my eyes, Steve was looking into my face and smiling broadly. I released my hold on his hair, leaned over and kissed him squarely on the mouth. I could taste myself on his tongue as he plunged it into my open mouth. 

"All right, you two," Angela ordered, "knock it off."

"I don't think we need the cards anymore," I told her. "You and Kevin can just get naked. Steve and I are enjoying our moment."

Angela stood up and unfastened her bra. Her large breasts popped out of their covering, nipples erect in large, brown areolas. She slid off her panties, then turned to my husband.

"Stand up," she ordered. Kevin stood.

Angela swiped his briefs off him in a second. Then she fell to her knees and grabbed his member, cooing and caressing it before sliding it between her full, red lips. I watched in fascination as Angela licked and sucked my husband's cock, stopping only to say how much she liked it. She popped it into her mouth and consumed his entire length. Her free hand cupped his balls, scratching him gently as she devoured his meat.

Steve, meanwhile, had driven his tongue back between the folds of my pussy. My knees grew weak as he lapped up my juices, his tongue pressing against my engorged clit. He slid it backwards, pressing against my hole, then forward to where he circled my clit.

"I can't stand, Steve," I told him. "I've got to get down before I fall down."

"Kneel down, then," he directed.

I knelt on the carpet. Steve twisted around, spread my knees apart and dove underneath me. I lifted up to allow him to slide below me. Then settled slightly. He drove his tongue into me in this new position and I moaned with the ecstasy. 

I could see Kevin and Angela in my new position. She had turned around and was presenting herself to my husband. He fell to his knees behind her, and cock in hand, squirmed toward her inviting cunt.

"Put it in me, Kevin," Angela ordered. "Fuck me deep and hard."

Kevin obeyed, and I watched as my husband penetrated this dark-haired siren.

I realized I had my hands on Steve's hips. His cock swayed erect just inches below me. I was such a gorgeous cock, I couldn't resist the urge to swallow it. I leaned forward, grabbing the tip with my lips, licking the head wetly, then sucked his length into my mouth. Steve and I were in a classic sixty-nine while my husband and his wife fucked just a few feet away.

Angela was very vocal. "Oh, yeah, baby," she said. "That's it. Fuck me like that, baby," she told him. "Oh, yeah I like how your cock feels inside me. Push it in me, baby. Oh, yeah, push it in me and make me cum."

I was trying to concentrate on Steve's marvelous cock, and on the series of shocks he sent through my system as he licked my cunt. Angela's urging was driving me wilder, thinking about who was pumping away at her.

"Oooo, yah, baby," she said. "Make me cum, make me cum!" Her voice sounded strained. I could hear Kevin slapping himself against her with increasing speed. "Ohhh, yah!" she hollered, "you're doing it. You're making me cum," she bellowed. "Ooooo, oooo! Fuck me, fuck me. Harder, faster. Come on, baby!" she was almost screaming.

The next sounds I heard were almost animal in their nature. Angela let out with groans and grunts, then a long wail as her orgasm crested over her. Kevin, grunted a couple of times, and I knew from experience he was ready to let loose his load inside her.

"Inside you?" he asked, his voice strained.

"Goddam right," Angela yelled at him. "Fuck me, baby. Fuck me. Cum inside me. Cum deep inside me." Then she just screamed one long, agonizing bellow as Kevin spurted himself out deep within her.

I hadn't even noticed that Steve's cock had swollen in my mouth. He was humping his hips upward. The first shot from his cock blasted hot onto my tongue. I swallowed, then set to sucking on him, squeezing all his come out into my mouth. Steve groaned as he shot his load down my throat, the noise muffled by my pussy across his face. As far as I could tell, I was the only one in the room who hadn't had an orgasm at that point.

Good old Steve, though. In spite of his own release he didn't let up on me. He continued to alternate between tonguing my hole and licking my clit. I rocked my hips on him, encouraging him to bring me off. I let his cock slip from my mouth so I could breathe. He kept working me and working me until finally my head fell forward and I moaned, "Oh, fuck!" as the little orgasm washed over me.

Angela and Kevin were both lying on the floor, face up, spent from their exertion. I pulled up off Steve's face and rolled over myself. I looked up at the ceiling and taking several minutes just to catch my breath.

"Did you see, baby?" Angela asked her husband. "Did you see me come while Kevin fucked me?"

"Uh uh," Steve replied. "I had a face full of Kelsie. I guess you'll just have to do it again."

"Say, what is this?" I asked, "some kind of set up?" "Sort of," Steve grinned at me. "Angela's been dying to get your Kevin in her pants. You could say we set you up."

"Did you know about this?" I asked Kevin.

"Nope," he said matter-of-factly. "Not until just now. But, I'm flattered."

"Kelsie, baby," Angela cooed. "You're not mad, are you?"

Was I mad that these two had manipulated my husband and me? Was I mad Kevin had porked Angela while I sucked off her beautiful husband? Mad that while I sucked him off his tongue had wiggled delightfully in my nether regions?

"I'm not mad," I said, "but I am a little disappointed."

Steven looked at me as if I'd just landed from Mars. "In us?" he asked.

I shook my head. "Disappointed that Angela got laid and I didn't," I confessed.

Angela squealed delightedly. Steven chortled and Kevin chuckled.

My neighbor's wife scooted over toward her husband. "Here," she said. "This always helps him get back into the game."

She reached between his legs and ran her finger along the crease behind his balls. Steven groaned.

"And then," she said, "if you blow on him, like this…" She took a deep breath and blew on his member with her lips tightly pressed together, "He just loves that. Here," she said. "You try it."

I did as Angela had done. As I tickled the area between Steven's anus and his balls and blew a gentle stream of cool air across his cock, I could see it beginning to pulse and grow.
