 Miriam and Leonard Share Swinging Lifestyle with New Hotel Owners

Chapter Three of Hotel Of Dreams

(This is the third in our series, and you do not need to read the first two chapters to enjoy this story of a couple who buys a motel and creates a special "fancy wing" for those who love to share sexuality and indulge in pure pleasure and to walk a little on the wild side) 

I was behind the front desk, writing up scenarios for our hotel, it was nearly ten at night, and no one had stopped for quite a while. Russ was somewhere finishing things for the night. I was imagining our Halloween bash, thinking of the costumes, seeing nearly naked men and women, I imagined a bed, with couples making out, dancing. We were thinking of a "masks only" dance floor and I was feeling that wet sloshy feeling between my legs and I must have been a little too involved in my fantasy because I suddenly noticed a middle aged, curvy woman standing in front of me and smiling. A man of similar age, not much taller, baldish and a little on the stocky side followed her, carrying the suitcases. 

They shared they did not have a reservation and asked about a room. I was thinking 'oh what a sweet couple' when they said,"We are friends of Max and Leslie." 

I didn't get it right away. Max and Leslie? Did I know a Max and Leslie? Then as they looked at me a little strangely, I suddenly realized it was OUR Max and Leslie. Our beautiful playmates. After our first frolic we had met a number of times, and called them 'our swinging couple.'

As the realization dawned across my face, the man smiled a kind but mischievous smile and added, "They advised us to stay in the fancy wing."

The fancy wing was our code name for the erotic side of our motel. A few rooms were ready, but we had not had any guests, so I guess I looked as shocked as I felt, but they just smiled at me confidently. 

She said, "Leslie told us you might be a little shy, it's ok honey. We're here to help you. We want this to work as well. We can't put any money up, but we can help. We love to entertain this way at home, but well, it tended to get a little loud, and we don't want to get a reputation and attract something we don't want."

Her husbands' cheek reddened and he explained, "So we would like to try your fancy wing. We thought we would come first and then if we are happy, we could reserve a couple of rooms for ourselves and our friends."

Then he smiled this beautiful dazzling warm smile and held out his hand. "I am Leonard and this is Miriam." I took his hand and felt this warm and strong electricity. I could feel the goodness and the strength of him. He held my hand just a little longer and I saw Miriam twinkle.

Suddenly I felt more comfortable. Not just comfortable, excited. Perhaps there would be time when the entire motel would be dedicated to fun. Erotic fun. Orgasms. Play for couples. Suddenly I saw this couple entirely differently. They were definitely cute. Comfortable. And my pussy began to 'assert herself' and tingle.

As I led them up to the rooms, I noticed the solicitous way Leonard had with Miriam. They matched. They walked together like two people who had grown together.

"How long have you been together?" I asked.

"Believe it or not, 27 years." Miriam laughed. "It was a second marriage for both of us. We each had been married before, when we were very young." 

"After a number of unhappy years, I left my husband, swearing off men. I had a little girl, and I was content to have just her and me. But then one weekend my Mom came to my apartment with her suitcase and a sweet smile on her face and said. "You're getting away for the weekend, Honey. You are still young and pretty and need to have some fun. Then my Mom handed me her credit card!" 

"So I went to a single's resort. I had been alone for about a year, and I was longing to be held, just for a night or so, I told myself. No permanent relationship, just some really hot nights."

Miriam continued. "At the resort there was this tall handsome stranger, and he just attached himself to me. He was very cute, and a lot of the women were flirting with him. So I stepped up and wiggled my hips and leaned over and showed him cleavage and a bit more, and off I went on his arm."

"At first he was very hot, but after the first few hours it turned." I looked at Leonard who was not at all tall and wondered how he felt about this story, but he winked at me and twinkled.

I heard Miriam say," But then he started to say mean things to me when we had sex. Called me names and sex with him was all about sucking cock and taking it in the ass - both of which I like. But he never kissed me softly or made me feel beautiful. I was ready to return to my room, but he got possessive and angry. He pushed at me and so I convinced him to go back to the bed with a story about how I would get all dressed up for him. On my way, I saw this nice attractive man at the back of the restaurant near the Ladies room, and I made an excuse and slipped into the bench across from him and told him what was going on and begged him to stay with me."

"To keep the wolf away," Leonard teased. "It is every short bald man's dream to have a beautiful woman come and sit beside him and say 'rescue me honey'. So I did."

Leonard laughed. "She was so cute, so lost in this sexy world wanting to have fun, and more. All I wanted to do was to take her in my arms and make love to her all night and all day. I still do." 

"And we didn't leave the room until Monday morning." Miriam added. "Leonard and I dated, or rather found all kinds of excuses to be together. We made love in his car or late in my apartment after my daughter fell asleep, and then he would tiptoe out early in the morning. I thought I had a man on the side and was fooling everybody, when my Mom said 'next time you are going to have your man over, leave my little granddaughter with me. That way the poor guy can sleep in.' So he moved in with me and has been a great stepdad to my daughter...and now my granddaughters too. AND he remains to be the hottest man I have ever slept with." She said kissing him tenderly and passionately.

I walked them upstairs to their room. Gave them the lowdown on the rules (nakedness only in the room and on the floor, clothes everywhere else). They nodded and I heard the bell downstairs, and left them to my next customers.

Another couple stood at the desk. As I hurried to the desk the man, a tall gentlemen with crisp blue eyes and graying hair spoke firmly but kindly. "Hello. We are friends of Miriam and Leonard. Can we have a room near theirs? Sorry we didn't call for a reservation, but Miriam told us about coming here and trying it out, and we just decided to come and find you as well." 

The woman nudged him and he added, "Oh, and they don't know we're coming." 

A tall woman stood beside him, statuesque, carefully made up, looking like the kind of woman who worked out. They were closer to Miriam and Leonard's age.

"You don't mind that we brought our own liquor do you?" the woman's gentle voice added. Her voice was gentle and smooth 'like a good Irish whiskey', I thought. Her green eyes sparkled. "And can you just give us the key, we want to surprise them."

As I handed them the key, I said, "I do need to bring up towels and set up some things in the spa."

She laughed and it sounded very musical. "Don't worry. It's your motel. Come up. Come as you are." 

She winked at me. 

I walked them to the Fancy Wing and directed them to their rooms and stood by the door for a bit to hear what happened. It was very quiet, so I headed into the laundry to get towels. Suddenly I realized I didn't know their names and was curious. She had written both of their names down; Alex and Katrina. I ran their credit card through, realizing how disconcerted I had been. 

The charge was accepted and feeling relieved, I collected towels, wash cloths as well as our special wraps-- white and black silk robes. With a quick judge of their sizes I headed upstairs. As I walked into the wing, I noticed the curtains to the hall were open as were the doors. As I walked towards the room, I heard laughter and giggling. Through the glass I saw Katrina had shed her coat and was wearing a garter belt, stockings that ended in black four inch heels and ....nothing else. Her breasts were lovely and the brown nipples were very hard. Everyone else was dressed and they were teasing her. Both Leonard and Alex seemed to glance at her often. Alex had his hand on her shoulder and Leonard stood across the room, his hand resting softly on the swell of Miriam's bottom. As I lifted my hand to knock on the room, I saw him softly caress her, as she leaned into him.

I knocked softly and entered on their request.

As I held out the silk robes, I heard Miriam tease, "No robe for you Kat..." 

Miriam saw my puzzled look and explained, "Kat lost the poker game the last time we played and Leonard decided the consequence was that she could only wear this to next time we met" .Miriam turned to Kat. "No wonder you raced over here, you were so hot to come like this." 

Everyone laughed. And Alex said "Too bad it's not summer."

Leonard winked at me. Just then I heard Russ calling me. He didn't know we had anyone in this wing, so he took the stairs two at a time saying, "So what are you doing up here? Waiting for m...." then he stopped dead still at the sight of our new check-ins. 

His eyes took in the tall Kat, long legs in stockings, naked above the stockings, her pussy neatly shaved to a small patch, nicely full breasts with nipples standing straight out. 

"Honey," Alex teased. "You have quite an audience."

Leaning down he slipped his fingers between her legs. "Hmmmm. Leonard I think my Kat likes your consequence."

He slipped his hands around her waist and pulled her onto his lap on the bed moving his legs out, exposing her pussy to four sets of eyes. It was hot even for me. Her neatly trimmed pussy was dark brown and broken by the swollen little clit peeking out.

Miriam smiled at Russ and me and said, "If you are in the room, I suggest you join us for a drink."

While Leonard handed a glass of wine to Russ and me, Miriam stood up and began to remove her shirt. "I think Kat needs some company, don't you?" With that she began to unbutton her blouse and in a few minutes she was standing there in a corset that emphasized her curves and offered up her breasts to be enjoyed. The corset was white and reflected her almond colored skin beautifully. Her beautiful almond breasts lifted above the white garment and her dark areola showed. Leonard looked at her for an intent moment and then kissed each beautiful breast gently and with a quick flick of his fingers, lifted them up and released them so that her breasts were fully visible with her nipples now hard and stiff.

I felt twinges in my pussy and looked over at Russ, noticing his hard-on was pretty visible. Same for Alex and Leonard. Leonard pulled down her skirt and she stepped out of it. She wore stockings down her beautiful legs that went from round to delicate. She was beautiful without her clothes.

My heart was beating fast and both men looked at Russ who moved behind me and nuzzled my neck, "Your turn, honey." 

I was dressed for work in a nice blouse and skirt. First Russ unzipped the skirt and pulled it down, and I was standing in my nylons and panties. Slowly he unbuttoned my blouse, drawing it slowly off my shoulders. I shivered as his hands continued down my sides pulling down the stockings until I was standing in my pink bra and matching panties. I felt my face flush and then I saw the look of appreciation on the men's faces as they glanced at each of us.

"I think we should take pictures of these three beautiful women," Leonard said. 

Quiet, warm Leonard was quite the planner, I decided. He playfully pinched Miriam's bottom and Miriam looked at me.

"You want your picture taken Honey? You are so beautiful; my husband's pants are going to burst." She said. I looked at Russ. He smiled at me and nodded.

Alex posed us. Kat first, lounging on the bed, one leg up. Miriam leaning against the soft chair showing both her breasts with the nipples standing on end and her full bottom sticking out for the camera. Then it was me lounging on the chair, one leg hooked over the arm of the chair, and the other bending down from the seat to the floor. It left a full view of my panty covered pussy. I knew how wet I was and later Russ confirmed that everyone could see the large wet spot on my panties. 

"Honey pull the panties down to your knees on this side and slip your other leg out." My lover instructed.

Russ loves my panties partway down my legs, it makes his cock so stiff and me shudder with pleasure. So I slid them down. Slowly.

I looked up shyly. The men were all smiling and touching their pants. Miriam smiled at me and walked over and kissed me softly. "See it is all good".

"Now." Miriam continued; "It's the guys turn for pictures, only these will be live."

Quickly Miriam found a live feed on their open laptop and she turned Leonard to the camera. She slipped behind him and began stroking him through his pants. Kat moved behind the camera and zoomed in as Miriam defined the cock in his pants. She slowly unzipped him while Alex stood behind Kat gently stroking her breasts. He gestured to me to stand next to them and to Russ to stand behind Miriam. I knew Russ was going to have a wonderful time cupping her breasts and playing with her nipples while she slowly undressed Leonard for the camera. His large hands covered her breasts and then opened out as he pinched her nipples and pulled them out. A soft moan escaped her lips.

While Russ continued to play with her breasts, she was unzipping Leonard's pants and coaxing him out of them. As Leonard was stepping out of his pants, his short stocky cock sprang forward. She cupped his balls and my mouth started to water 

Miriam smiled at me and said, "Your turn honey. Go for it."

So while my husband fondled her breasts, I knelt down and took Leonard's cock into my hands. I ran my tongue around the tip, down the shaft and up again. After licking his cock up one side and down the other, I licked around the tip, dancing my tongue, teasing him. His cock moved and twitched as the veins became more clearly defined. I followed those veins with my tongue, smoothing them and loving the electric feel of his hardness and the twitch against my tongue connected wildly with the growing wetness between my legs. With a moan I sucked and pulled the entire head into my mouth. I heard his deep sigh. 

I felt that familiar electricity that seems to move from a cock down my tongue and straight to my pussy. As I sucked his cock, I felt my pussy get wetter and wetter and I slipped one hand into my slick pussy.

"Not yet," I heard a soft voice say. It was Alex. I looked up. Russ was licking Miriam's pussy and she was making soft cooing sounds and had both hands on Russ' head, pulling him deeper. Kat took my place at Leonard's cock while Alex stood behind me softly caressing his cock through his pants. I could see it was very long, so I moved to him and slowly unzipped his pants and pulled them down. He looked down at me and smiled as he stepped out of his pants.

For a while I just caressed his hard cock while he watched Kat. I looked at him and slowly moved my mouth to the tip of his cock. It was delicious to lick up and down the length of it. Each track up and down sent intensified electric feelings down my throat straight to my pussy which was glowing and dripping.

Miriam had switched to sucking Russ' cock and his head was back and his eyes closed. He opened them as I looked over. I saw the desire, the lust, that held kind of feeling, as the orgasm begins. Suddenly I began sucking Alex more intently, I wanted to feel this new cock come as my husband was coming, when I felt my face held and stopped. I glanced up at Alex. 

He smiled and said. "Not yet. Too quick." 

He moved me to the bed and lay me down, ,my legs spread wide. He left me there, quickly moving to Kat, and positioning her beside me on her stomach. Next to her he brought Miriam and had her lay on her back, like me and put her legs in the air.

The men stood back and just stared at us, while they played with their cocks. I felt the desire notch up.

"My pussy is on fire guys, please fuck me." I said.

"Russ, your woman is impatient." Alex said. Then slowly he began to tease my clit but then moved to put his fingers in Kat's pussy and then slip them into her rosebud, smearing around the outside before moving in. 

Leonard moved to Miriam and began blowing on her pussy. Then he moved back and angled the laptop so that our pussies were on display, he clicked numerous pictures. I felt my passion begin to ebb as I felt neglected but Russ moved up to me and began kissing my breasts and rubbing my pussy. His fingers brushed my clit again and again. I began to moan and move and I felt Alex move towards me and begin to click his camera. Leonard meanwhile looked at Alex, who nodded and Leonard began to move into Kat's ass. He slipped his fingers into her pussy and Russ moved over to suck and fondle her breasts. Miriam and I watched fascinated as she came loudly and fast. I looked a little shocked at the intensity of watching all of this up close when I felt myself being pulled back on the bed. Alex began sucking my nipples and Russ moved into my pussy. He slammed into me and with one quick move was deep inside me, and then he pulled out completely. Leonard picked up the camera and said, "Russ. She is so hot and so wet I think she could take all of us." I realized I wasn't being neglected, they were building me up. And all three were going to have me.

Russ moved into me harder, thrusting strongly and slowly. I felt a hand move in and play with my clit. It was Alex. Soon he moved so his cock was at my mouth. I licked, but he slid it all the way in. I heard myself begin to moan around his cock. Russ pushed harder and then came loudly. Shudder after shudder shook me. My pussy continued to throb. He pulled out and Leonard slid right in and began fucking me. I either came many times or had one long come. After he came with spasms that shook me he slipped out and Alex moved his long cock quickly into me. I was coming the whole time and had no idea how long it was until he came. 

Wow. I was beyond thinking of anything but the sheer pleasure of the sounds and smells and the feeling of really being fucked hard and fast

I looked over to Miriam. She was smiling. I think she wanted me to experience the triple fucking. Just then I was sure she had. And I would again.

Russ moved over and held Miriam's small legs up with one hand and Leonard knelt down and licked around her clit. Russ rubbed and slapped her ass and Alex moved and began to play with her breasts. She began to moan into her orgasm. 

When she was done, Russ went to play with Katrina's clit and Leonard twisted her nipples. 

I looked at the guys cocks. Leonard was hard again, and he rolled Kat over and rode her, we saw her push into the bed again and again and she moaned and screamed until she collapsed shaking.

Russ was semi hard again and Max was soft. For a second I wanted to take him in my mouth and feel him harden. But really I was satiated. Almost exhausted. Almost.

We were all covered with sweat. 

I threw everyone their towels and we grabbed robes, although no one wore them and soon we were recuperating in the hot tub. I was still a little shaky and starting to get turned on again when I remembered the front desk.

"Is anyone else coming?" I asked.

Just then the bell rang. I grabbed on the nearest small robe and headed back to the room, dressed quickly and ran down the stairs thinking and wondering what might happen next. My pussy purred. 
