 I looked down at the smooth tight ass and hips that my hands were grasping hold of. I then watched my cock slide in and out of her velvety smooth and wet pussy. I heard the slapping of skin each time my groin met her ass. She was moaning and tossing her blonde hair as we fucked.

She had to be fifteen or twenty years younger than I was but I felt like a king fucking such a tight young pussy. I had nearly forgotten what a young tight pussy felt like.

I then glanced across the room where a young guy with a cock that had to be ten or eleven inches long was busily fucking. His large piece of meat was causing the woman he was slamming into to moan and scream in what sounded like a mix of pain and pleasure. Her big tits were swaying beneath her body as he fucked her from behind. She was on her hands and knees and her head was against the floor. Her whole body was undulating back and forth from the force of his thrusts.

My young blonde partner then suddenly pulled off my cock as I watched her turn and lay on her back. She grabbed her ankles and spread her legs so far apart I just knew she was going to split apart. Her pussy was gaping wide open as her juices moistened her swollen pink lips.

I leaned over her, placed my hands on the floor at her sides, let my cock part her swollen lips, and then plunged deep inside her. She was so limber, something else I had missed as my wife had aged and was not as limber as she once was.

I plunged in and out of her letting my heavy balls slap against her ass.

I glanced across the room again to see the young stud stroking his cock above the woman's ass. She was also now very busy with another cock in her mouth. The guy at her head had his hand on the back of her head pushing and pulling her on and off his cock as the young stud behind her released his cum all over her back and ass. She was gagging slightly at the abuse her throat was taking as he fucked her mouth.

I looked back down at the little blonde beneath me as her firm full tits undulated on her chest from my thrusts. I leaned down and sucked one of her nipples in my mouth. I had also forgotten what a firm nipple felt like. When I sucked, there was just a hard little nipple in my mouth.

I moaned and my little blonde pushed me back as she quickly scrambled to a sitting position in front of me. She then grabbed my cock and sucked my entire length down her throat.

"Fuck." I groaned as I felt the head of my cock slip down her tight throat.

"Where do these young girls learn such tricks?" My mind asked me.

I looked across the room as the woman was being flipped onto her back. The guy who had been fucking her mouth now looked like he was doing push ups over her head but was still fucking her mouth. Another guy got between her legs. His cock was not as long as the young guys cock but it was fat. He leaned over the woman and then guided his cock to her pussy.

I could hear her moan from across the room as he entered her.

I looked down at the blonde head moving back and forth on my cock. Her lips were tightly wrapped around my shaft. I was attempting to hold on as long as I could but the incredible sensation of her throat wrapped around the head of my cock was more than I could tolerate.

"Oh fuck." I moaned as my cum shot up my shaft and exploded into the throat of the young girl. The sensation of her swallowing my cum down her throat felt like a vice on the head of my cock. I watched to see if any escaped and none did. She swallowed it like a pro and then licked my cock clean.

When she was done, she released my cock and it fell flaccid against my thigh. She got on her knees and kissed me on the cheek. 

She then got up to look for more adventures in the room. I watched her tight little ass walk away and my mind reeled with thoughts of amazement that I had just fucked that young cutie.

I got up and glanced across the room at the woman on her back. Her big tits were wobbling back and forth on her chest as she was being fucked hard. The guy fucking her mouth moaned and shot his load into her mouth. She was attempting to swallow his massive load but some of it escaped her mouth and ran down her cheek. Her legs were now wrapped around the guy fucking her. She was spurring him on with her heels like a rider on a horse.

"Oh gawd." The guy moaned as he planted his cock deep inside her and released his load.

I looked over at the couch where there was a beautiful redheaded woman. Her legs were spread apart and her fingers were busy fingering her clit. She motioned for me to come over to her.

I glanced back at the other woman as the guy crawled from between her legs and another guy was ready to take his place. He got on his knees and then guided his cock to her pussy.

I walked over to the redhead. She simply pointed to her pussy, "Lick me." She said.

Her pussy was shaved smooth and looked like a tight little peach. I got on my knees between her legs and leaned forward. I could smell her essence as my tongue touched her pussy.

She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me deeper and harder into her pussy. My tongue slipped between the smooth lips of her pussy and quickly found her hard little clit. The smoothness and lack of hair around her pussy was intoxicating. My wife has always stayed trimmed but never had I licked a hairless pussy. The lack of hair left more options for sucking her into my mouth. As I did I could hear her moan.

Her hard clit was in my mouth as my tongue flicked against it. Her sex juices began to flow into my mouth as I continued to suck and lick her clit. Her clit began to swell in my mouth as she pushed harder against my head. Her thighs snapped shut on my head and all I could hear was the muffled moans as she convulsed into an orgasm. She had me held so tightly against her pussy that my nose was against her and I could barely breathe.

She finally released the back of my head and from the firm grip of her thighs. She rolled over on the couch leaning against it with her hands on the back of it.

"Fuck me." She said.

I then noticed that my cock was rock hard again, which surprised me that it was ready so quickly. I grabbed the base of my cock and guided it to her glistening wet pussy. I leaned into her and could feel my head split the tight lips and slip inside her warm pussy.

I pushed into her until I was fully planted inside her.

I took the opportunity to look across the room as the guy who had been fucking the woman pulled out and shot his load onto her big tits.

I was slightly bent over fucking the redhead when I felt someone grab my ass cheeks and spread them apart. I naturally was shocked and turned to see a woman older than myself on her knees. She leaned to me and then I felt her tongue lick my rectum.

"Fuck." My mind raced.

I had never had my ass licked before. I turned back around, grabbed the hips of the redhead, and began moving in and out of her. The gal behind me swayed with me continually licking my ass.

I glanced back over at the woman across the room. She was on her knees now with a hard cock in each hand stroking them. She was taking turns at sucking them into her mouth.

Although I had never had my rectum licked and probed with a tongue before, I was finding it very enjoyable as I fucked the redhead's pussy.

The little blonde I had just fucked sat on the couch next to the redhead and spread her legs wide again. The guy with the big cock placed his hands on the back of the couch and I watched as his cock split the little blonde's tight pussy lips.

"As tight as her pussy was she will never take him." I thought to myself.

I was wrong as he leaned into her. Her pussy lips wrapped around his cock and looked like it was swallowing him. 

"Oh gawd yessss." She groaned as his cock continued to furrow deeper and deeper into her.

In my mindless state of watching the big cock slip into the tight little pussy, I had taken my mind off my ass being licked when suddenly my rectum was assaulted by an intruding finger.

"Fuck." I moaned as her finger slipped inside my ass. 

It was not painful as she apparently had some lube, but more of a shock.

Her finger was moving around in my ass as she found my prostrate. She then began massaging it.

New sensations I had never felt before were racking my body with electric shocks of pleasure. 

I had not stopped fucking the redhead and now was fucking her hard and deep as the finger in my ass continued to stroke my gland.

I could feel the cum boiling in my balls but it was as if it was stuck there and would not allow me the release of ejaculation. My knees were going weak on me as I fucked the redhead's pussy.

"OH MY GAWD!" I very loudly exclaimed as my cum began a slow advance up the shaft of my cock.

Then when it reached the head of my cock, it exploded. My knees buckled and I felt like I was going to black out as I shot load after load of cum inside the pussy I was fucking.

The finger slipped out of my ass and I found myself missing it and wanting it back.

My cock went flaccid again and slipped from her pussy. I turned to find my anal intruder but she was already gone. I looked at the redhead's pussy to see my cum running out of her and down her thigh.

She stood up, turned to kiss me, and then left.

I sat on the couch to regain my composure. I had never, in my life had an orgasm like that before.

I then realized I had sat down next to the little blonde who still had her legs splayed wide open and the big cock was sliding in and out of her. He was so large that her pussy lips looked like they were going to be ripped off each time he withdrew from her.

She suddenly grabbed my hand, placed it on her youthful firm breast, and said, "Pinch my nipple."

I grabbed her hard nipple between my thumb and finger then rolled and pinched it as she was being fucked.

I looked around the room at the people fucking and sucking in every corner until I found the woman who had been sucking and stroking two cocks at once. I found her again. This time she was riding up and down on a cock. She was straddling a younger guy again. Her big tits were bounding up and down as she rode him.

She saw me looking at her and smiled then winked at me.

She then leaned forward continuing to ride the cock and pinched his nipples causing him to groan.

I watched her thinking, "She truly is a MILF."

"Oh FUCK!" The little blonde next to me screamed as her body convulsed with an orgasm.

As she squirmed on the big cock, he suddenly withdrew from her. He grabbed the base of his cock and pointed it at her stomach. I watched as his cum shot from the head of his cock and splashed against the stomach of the blonde.

In my trance, I had not seen the MILF walk up to me.

"What's the matter honey? Did you wear out your poor dick?" She asked.

I looked up at my wife. She had dried and fresh cum on her body. Her tits were coated as well as her stomach and thighs.

"For now anyway." I replied.

"Are you having a good time?" She asked.

"I am and how about you?"

"I am having a wonderful time. But, if you are ready to go home we can." She replied.

The little blonde and the big cock moved away.

My wife sat down next to me and grabbed my soft cock. She began stroking me.

"Maybe you just need a little encouragement to get in one more fuck."

"I'm fine. It will come back around. The blue pill will kick in again soon I'm sure. You go have fun and I will watch for a while."

She leaned to me and we kissed. She then got up and headed for a guy who was sitting in a chair across the room stroking his cock.

I watched my sexy MILF walk across the room and drop to her knees in front of the guy. She took his cock from his hand and opened her mouth to suck him. Her lips were tightly wrapped around his cock as she stroked and sucked him.

Jean and I have been married now for twenty-three years. We are both now fifty-one years old. This is both of our second marriage. We both were married too young and divorced. We have had many years of an exceptional sex life and she is my true-life partner. In the last five or six years things had cooled off in bed to the point of having sex only once every few weeks. We have tried fantasy play, toys, light bondage and several other kinky attempts to fire things up. 

I again was pulled from my thoughts as Jean got up and turned around. She reached between her legs, grabbed the guys cock, and guided it to her pussy. She sat down on him while facing me. The look of pleasure on her face as the cock slipped inside her was incredible. She began to fuck him while I watched his cock slide in and out of her pussy. Her big tits were bounding up and down as she fucked him.

We had been looking for a new sexual adventure when Roxie who is a friend of Jean's, about a party that she and her husband were going to have.

Jean was nervous to bring it up to me but one night after having a somewhat humdrum sex session, she brought it up. We laid there and discussed it knowing too well, what the problems could be with such an adventure. Jealousy, being the big one, and then the concern about one or the other of us being so wrapped up in it that we worried about the other having affairs or fucking someone behind our backs.

I looked back at Jean who was now rubbing her clit as she fucked the stranger. She was looking back at me and smiling.

During our discussion, we finally agreed that we could trust one another and that we would attend the party.

As I sat there watching my wife fuck another man and seeing her covered in other men's cum I was could not help but to have a small twinge of jealousy overcome me.

Just then, Roxie stepped in front of me. Roxie is a beautiful woman and has a body at the age of forty-five that most twenty five year olds would be jealous of.

"What are you doing over here sitting alone?" Roxie asked me.

"I'm just taking a break waiting to recoup my energy." 

"Let me see if I can be of some help."

Roxie got on her knees between my legs and wrapped her warm hand around my soft cock. She leaned to my lap and sucked me into her mouth.

Jean looked over at me as Roxie was bent over in my lap, and winked at me. She was still riding the stranger's cock. I watched as it slipped in and out of her. 

Apparently, between the little blue pill, Roxie sucking me and watching Jean fuck, my cock began to get hard again.

The guy Jean was fucking moved her from his lap. She stood up and he stood behind her. I saw his hands wrap around my wife as he grabbed her full breasts and cupped them in his hands. He was kneading them and rolling them as his fingers rubbed against her hard nipples. She had her eyes closed and her head rolled back enjoying the attention to her tits.

He then moved her to the floor and positioned her on all fours. He got behind her and guided his cock to her pussy. He leaned into her and I again watched as his dick slipped inside her pussy.

Anytime a woman was in this position at this party she was more than likely going to get a cock shoved into her mouth and again this time was not an exception. Some guy got on his knees in front of Jean and put his cock at her mouth. My wife eagerly opened up and sucked him into her mouth. Jean's tits were swaying beneath her body as one guy fucked her from behind and the other reaped the benefit of the rocking from the other end.

Roxie had also left herself in a very vulnerable position as the young stud with the big cock got behind her. He put his finger to his lips as he looked at me prompting me to say nothing. He grabbed the base of his big cock and guided it to Roxie's pussy. 

"FUCK!" Roxie pulled off my cock and exclaimed as the big cock penetrated her.

She stopped sucking my cock and stroked it as the young stud pushed further into her.

"MY GAWD!" Roxie nearly screamed as he pushed further.

Roxie adjusted her legs so she was spread wider for the big cock.

He pushed again, "Fuck yesssss." Roxie moaned.

The young stud was now fully implanted in her and he began to withdraw.

"OH GAWD FUCK ME!" Roxie screamed.

He obliged her request and began moving in and out of her pussy. As she adjusted to the cock, she once again began sucking my cock but more ferociously this time.

I looked over again at my wife just as the guy fucking her groaned and leaned into her planting his seed deep inside her pussy.

Roxie was groaning on my cock with each thrust of the big cock inside her. 

Jean was still on all fours sucking the cock in her mouth. The guy moaned and grabbed the back of Jean's head as his head looked up at the ceiling he held her tight against his cock as he apparently was shooting his load in her mouth.

The young stud fucking Roxie began pumping into her hard and fast. She pulled her mouth off my cock and groaned with each of his forceful thrusts.

"OH FUCK" He groaned and leaned fully into Roxie cumming inside her pussy.

When he was done, he pulled out, got up and walked away.

I then noticed my wife standing next to me as she watched Roxie again sucking my cock.

"Roxie, what are you doing sucking my husband's dick?"

Roxie again pulled off and looked at Jean, "Well he looked lonely over her so I thought I would help him out."

"Ok. Say do you have some place I can wash off?" Jean asked.

I looked at her. She had cum running down the inside of her thighs and dried to various parts of her body.

"Sure, I think I have your husband kick started again. He should be fine now. I will show you the shower."

Roxie got up and said, "Follow me."

I watched the two beautiful naked women walk away and go up the stairs.

Without Roxie stroking and sucking my cock began to deflate again. I sat there and watched the various fuck scenes playing out in front of me. The young stud with the big cock was already fucking yet another girl.

"Oh to be young again." I mumbled to myself.

The girls had been gone about ten minutes and Roxie had not returned yet so I decided to see if I could find them.

I got off the couch and headed up the stairs. 

I could hear a shower running as I got to the top of the stairs so I went toward it. I was in the master bedroom and the shower was running in the master bath.

The door was slightly agape so I slowly pushed it open to see if Jean was actually the one in the shower.

What I saw reflecting in the mirror surprised me.

The shower was a huge shower wrapped in glass. I could see Jean and Roxie in the shower together. Jean was leaning over in front Roxie and was sucking on Roxie's nipple.

I stopped just outside the door and watched the scene as it played out reflecting in the mirror.

"Mmmmmmm." Roxie moaned and rolled her head back as my wife continued to suck on her nipple. Jean's hand then slipped down to Roxie's pussy and she began to massage her clit.

"Mmmmmmm," again escaped from Roxie's lips.

I stood watching in astonishment, as Jean had never said anything to me about wanting to experiment with another woman. We have always been very open about our wants, desires, and fantasies.

Jean then stood back up and grabbed the soap. She began running the soap all over Roxie's body. Roxie was covered in suds and Jean was taking advantage not to miss a single body part.

Roxie then stepped under the water to rinse off and Jean stepped behind her. Jean wrapped her arms around Roxie as she rinsed and caressed her tits, rolling her nipples between her fingers.

Roxie turned to Jean and they kissed. Not just a peck on the lips but a deep passionate lover's kiss.

Roxie then grabbed the soap and began to run it over Jean's body. Roxie also took advantage and took extra time to clean Jean's pussy.

"Mmmmmm," Jean moaned as Roxie massaged the soap into Jean's pussy.

Although I was in shock at what was happening my cock was again rock hard. Watching these two beautiful women lather each other's bodies was far too erotic.
