 "What a blast!" Janice exclaims as we walk down the hallway to our room at a hotel only 35 minutes outside of San Diego, California. "I still can't believe I got to take a picture with Chris Pratt!"

"I know, I was there, I took the picture." I beamed back at her. As I turned toward the door of our ground level suite; I slid the room key into the lock and the door beeped admitting us access to our room for the last night on our vacation to the San Diego Comic-Con. This was my present to her to celebrate our upcoming 3 year anniversary. "Would you like to order some dinner? The 4-Cheese Lasagna from the hotel restaurant sounded great. Shall I call Room Service?" The in room menu boasted the best Italian food in Oceanside, California and the Lasagna featuring Mozzarella, Parmesan, Provolone and Cottage Cheeses slow baked with handmade pasta sounded particularly appetizing.

"I think I'm going to slip into the bath while we wait for dinner." she responds as she slips out of her black skirt and nearly see-through blue top that show the faint outline of a lacy blue 36DD bra underneath.

"Aren't you glad I convinced you to wear lighter clothing today? I thought you were going to overheat and faint yesterday, and I didn't want you to miss getting an autograph from Star Lord." I replied as I waited for room serivice to pick up.

Our suite, the last one at the end of this wing of the hotel, includes an outdoor jacuzzi and patio with table and two chairs. The patio has thick curtains that can be drawn to provide more privacy than the palm bushes and short trees planted neatly around the sides of the patio provide. The rear side of the patio, opposite the door to the suite, is left open to show off the great view out over the beach and Pacific Ocean as well as to allow access to the outdoor pool and activity center toward the main area of the resort. The sun is just setting and there is a glow on the beach of a group of people having an evening campfire near the water. 

She draws the curtains before removing her panties and bra and slipping into the bubbling Jacuzzi as the hostess takes our order; Two Lasagnes, Garlic Cheese Bread-sticks and bottle of Rosé wine to compliment the main course. As I hang up the phone I step on the toes of each sock to remove the last of my clothing which now lays on the floor beside the King size bed. I walk toward the Jacuzzi as she slips into the frothy water; her breasts start to bob on the surface of the water as she rests into one of the seats. My cock starts to stiffen as I climb the steps up and into the warm water. I crawl over on top of her and kiss her on the lips softly. My right hand reaches up and starts to caress her left breast, my left hand supporting my weight. I continue to kiss her sweet lips, she gently bites my bottom lip. "Wow, that's something you haven't done in a while." I whisper into her ear as I plant kiss after kiss from just below her ear all the way down her neck and to her shoulder. I adjust my left hand from beside her right hip to between her legs which have been slowly moving apart. I let go of her breast and use my right hand to steady myself as my left hand reaches up and slide my index finger over the soft folds and brushing past her clit. I move my fingers back down and slide my middle finger inside and feel the moistness that is much more slippery and slick than the water we are in. Her eyes close and she lets out a small moan as the base of my middle finger presses against her clit. She reaches down and massage my balls, now extremely soft from the heat of the water. She slips her hand forward and grabs the shaft of my cock and glide my foreskin forward and back over the head of my penis. Gripping tighter and tighter, my shaft grows larger and harder. 

"I want this inside me." Janice moans out to me, almost begging for the feeling of my cock inside her sopping wet pussy. "All I could think of all afternoon was getting you back here and fucking me."

I roll over and take a seat in the low sloping back of the Jacuzzi's bucket seats. My cock is pointed up toward the ceiling of the patio. She quickly rolls over and pounces on top of me, kissing me with a little more fervor than when I was on top. She is sitting on my stomach; a small pool of water is trapped between her legs and my chest, small waves lapping at her pussy as she slowly grinds forward and back on my abdomen. She starts sinking back into the water, stopping momentarily as the cheeks of her bum hits my rock solid member. She continues to push down my cock gently bending it as the head of my cock glides past her ass and slips easily into her waiting vagina. She starts by rocking her hips forward and back slowly ensuring that my shaft is well coated in her slick natural lube. She bends her head back and lets out a louder and harder moan as the first wave of pleasure takes control of her body. My hands grab her hips and lead her into a faster rhythm that pushes the next wave of pleasure over her, "Yes, oh god, YES!" she lets out. I can feel her pussy pulsating, grabbing my cock with each thrust into her. She stops as she let the waves in her head as well as the Jacuzzi settle down. This is one thing I love about her, she's multi-orgasmic and can cum over and over all night long. She leans in and kiss me, slowly pressing her tongue past my lips and carresses my toungue. I can still feel her warmth over the heat of the hot water and warm evening air, as her pussy pulsates and squeezes my penis. With one final kiss she sits back up and starts rocking her hips forward and back again. Her thrusts start to match that of the waves in the hot tub. The sound of water splashing over the side with each change of direction as her pussy slips up and down the shaft of my cock. Her body begins to convulse again as 2 quick orgasms almost on top of each other causes her to scream out again. "Yes, Fuck, Yes, oh Fuck Yes!" She reaches down grabbing and rolling my balls in her hand. The slight squeezing makes my cock pulsate from its regular stiffness to rock solid and back again.

I can feel my load getting ready to make its escape; my eyes close as the feeling of all my sexual energy builds in the base of my brain. I know that any second it will race down my back and cause my whole body to stiffen. "Oh yes, here it comes, here it comes, here it comes." I warn her. I no longer have control over the muscles in my arms and legs; the wave has travelled down my spine and into my cock. I grow harder and larger for the few split seconds as my cock forces my load from the base of my cock out and into her waiting pussy. As she squeezes the last drops my swollen erection causes her to crest one last wave of orgasm. I reach down and can feel the warmth of her peach; my boner has left and is now flaccid and retracting back, getting ready of the second round which is expected soon. 

We sit in the hot tub making out and touching each other for the next 5 or 10 minutes until we hear a knock at the door. 

"I dare you to answer the door completely naked." I challenge her. "Have him bring it in, I'll clear room on the table." 

She gives me this teasing look as I throw my robe on, and she struts to the door in nothing more than a sheen of water glistening off her sexy curves. She looks out the peephole to ensure it wasn't anyone other than the waiter, Ben, who has been serving us since we arrived here 4 days earlier. I'd noticed the slight smile on his face every time she opened the door; especially last night when she was wearing just a bra and rather short skirt. As she slowly opens the door, trying to keep mostly out of sight by standing behind the door, Ben pushes the dinner cart into the bedroom area trying to hide a grin. 

"Just place it here on the patio table, we are eating outside tonight." I tell him as he looks around for an appropriate spot to unload the cart. He places the two orders of Lasagne on the table in front of the two chairs, the Garlic Cheese Breadsticks are then placed in the middle of the table and surrounded by two wine glasses as well as two water glasses and a pitcher of ice-water. From under the second level of the cart he pulls out an ice filled wine chiller and a small bucket of ice. He places the $28.00 bottle of Rosé Wine in the bowl and fills the surrounding volume with the ice. 

"Ben, you have been awesome," I start as I reach into the pocket of my robe. "this is for you." As I pass him a $20.00 bill. "I was wondering, what time are you off tonight?"

"Thank you very much, and actually I am off in about 25 minutes, why is there something I can do for you before I leave?" he asks wonderingly. 

"Yes, I was hoping that just as you get off, would you mind dropping by with a Chocolate Lava cake and a New York Cheesecake, and another bottle of this wonderful wine. $50.00 should cover the desserts, wine and tip I think." I propose to him. 

"Tips aren't necessary and any food can be billed directly to your room like all other dinners you've ordered this week." He replies. "But, not a problem, I'll drop by in about 25 on my way out." He nods at me and gives into the grin just a little as his eyes take an impulsive glance over her still dripping body. 

I notice her giving him the same teasing look she gave me a moment earlier. "What do you have planned?" She asks tantalizingly. 

"I don't know, we'll see I guess..." I respond.

***

The Lasagne was just as good as the menu had promised. The Chef's passion for great food was more than evident. The richness of the cheeses was balanced nicely with the heartiness of the meats and the noodles were proportioned as to not weigh too heavy on the stomach. The wine was the perfect complement to the pasta dinner, so well in fact that after nearly three glasses each in the just over 30 minutes since Ben had left, we were both feeling a touch on the tipsy side. We had finished the food and had already slipped back into the bubbling hot tub. 'Where is he?' I wonder just a split second before there was a rapping on the door.

"Come in!" I yell at the door, "It's open!" Having unlocked and left the door slightly ajar, awaiting the arrival of more wine and desserts. Ben peeks inside the door before stepping through. 

"Should I just leave it on the table?" he asks.

"Sure thing," I respond "Hey, do you have any plans for tonight? If not, why not join us in the hot tub. You've busted your ass for us this week, and I'm sure we haven't been your only guests since we checked in. Come relax a bit." 

Ben kind of looked hesitantly toward us, sitting side by side in the tub facing the patio table. "I... I don't know, I don't have a bathing suit here."

"Don't worry about it." I assert, "We don't mind, it's more fun without." 

"I don't know, I've never done anything like this before..." He fumbles.

"It's your call buddy," I try to reassure him, "we're not from here, you'll never see or hear from us after we check out tomorrow morning. Give it a shot for a bit, if you're too uncomfortable, you can just take off." 

He sways back and forth from left to right before succumbing to the idea. "Ok, I guess it can't hurt." He says as he takes his shirt off and pulling his shoes off at the same time, showing off a slight outline of six-pack abs. A golden bronzed skin tone from head to toe as well as a fine overall muscle tone flaunts the fact that most of his free time is spent soaking up the beautiful California Sun. He pulls his socks off an stuffs them into his shoes, unbuckles his belt and drops his black khaki shorts into the pile of clothing. He stops with his fingers in the elastic band of his boxers and looks up at us, watching him nonchalantly. After a slight pause he slides his boxers down revealing a 7" uncircumcised penis and a neatly shaved sack containing two large testicles. He quickly steps up into the hot tub and immerses himself to just above his nipples. Sitting across from us in one of the reclining bucket seats he lays back to enjoy the movement and heat of the water. 

Over the next 45 minutes we get to know the person that has been serving us for the past couple days, he tells tales of him and his buddies surfing nearly every beach from Santa Barbara to the Mexican border. He starts describing the restoration he is doing on his late-grandfathers '55 Chevy. After which I briefly describe the '78 Camaro that is still awaiting some love back in Canada. 

Bored of talking about 'car stuff', Janice gently floats over to his side of the hot tub, moving his glass of wine that we had poured about 20 minutes earlier. She positions herself on his left side, pressing her naked body against his. I can tell by the way his body is stiffening up, that he starting to get aroused in curiosity as to what she is going to do next. She reaches over, concealed by the frothing water, and takes a firm hold on the shaft of his cock. She gently starts rolling her hand up and down, exposing the head of his cock and covering it back up with each thrust of her hand. She looks at me and silently mouth out the words 'I want to fuck him'. With a slight nod I acknowledge and give my blessing for her to do with him as she wants. She gently floats over and sits on his knees about a foot below the water, he reaches up and grabs her breasts and rolls her nipples between his thumb and fore-fingers. She leans in toward him and whispers in his ear loud enough that I can still hear, "Let's move to the bed, I want to suck your cock."

It doesn't take anymore persuading as he stands up and helps Janice out of the water. She leads him into the bedroom area and lays him down on the bed, head resting on the pillows in the center of the bed. She climbs in between his legs and curls in to take his penis into her mouth. I shift from a reclined seat to an upright bench on the side opposite the sliding glass door between the patio and the bedroom area of the suite. I sit facing my girlfriend and Ben watching as she licks up and down each side of his cock, rolling his balls in her hand. He arches his back slightly as she races her tongue around the head like a tornado, both letting out small moans. 

I'm sitting in the hot tub, warm bubbles rolling up past me, my cock is thickening up and swelling as I watch Janice and Ben, her head bobs up and down on his cock. I can see the shape of his cock as it rubs the inside of her cheeks. I stand up, step over the edge of the hot tub, slowly making my way to my luggage. I know what she is going to be wanting very soon, so I reach into the inside compartment and grab a condom. Not that we had needed them in a while, it seemed a good idea to keep one handy 'just in case'. Janice glances over at me digging around my luggage, and give me a slight grin with his cock still deep inside her mouth, knowing exactly what I was doing and why. I passed the condom to Ben, telling him "You'll need this shortly, but not yet." 

I sit on the end of the bed, reach under Janices ass and start massaging her pussy lips. I slide a finger up and start rubbing her sensitive slit while I slowly start sliding my hand up and down my cock, gripping the base of my foreskin and rolling the skin onto and off the crown of my cock. Janice is moaning now as she is taking Ben's cock slowing gliding up then plunging down taking his full length all the way into her throat. She pauses there for a moment then slides back up. She repeats this motion for a couple minutes before Ben asks, "Before I, ugh, fuck her, can I, ugh, lick her pussy?", trying to get the question out without moaning too much as Janice drops down again to fully envelope his dick. 

"Sure." I respond still sitting at the foot of the bed slowly jerking myself enjoying the show. Janice licks his cock one last time before running her tongue all the way up his abs, over his chest and along the side of his neck as she makes her way up toward the headboard. His saliva coated cock slipping all along her sexy body before her pussy follows the trail left by her tongue up his body until she is seated just about his head. Straddling his head, he lifts up slightly take her pussy lips in his. She quivers slightly as his tongue makes the first contact with Janice's sensitive clit. 

I'm still sitting at the foot of the bed, one hand rolling my balls while the other strokes my cock. As I roll the foreskin over the head of my cock, I can feel it getting a little tacky. I stand up and walk across the bed toward Janice and point my now solid member at Janice's face. She leans forward and starts sucking my dick. This sends her over the edge. She lets out a shriek as the first wave of orgasm take control of her. She shakes her pelvis around his face as he tries to land his mouth on her pussy again. Janice grabs onto the headboard, white knuckled as he reaches up and grabs her by the hips and tries to slow the convulsing of her body as the waves diminish. Little does he know that as soon as his tongue hits her clit again, she is sent spiralling into another bout of extreme pleasure.

"Goddam you cum quick!" he mumbles as she sits down on his head, her legs unable to hold her up any longer. She lifts up a bit and he mumbles some more, "Maybe, can we try a 69 position."

"Um, ok." Janice lets out, I can tell she was on the verge of another release, but he didn't seem to notice. She releases me from her oral deathgrip and I sit back down at the foot of the bed, massaging the head of my cock watching as she leans in, taking his cock in her mouth again. 

"I want to try something." I tell her. I don't know if she heard that because Ben had resumed using his hurricane tongue on her clit and thrown her into more convulsions. I reach over and spread Ben's legs apart, I readjust myself so I am now sitting between Ben's thighs, my ball sack in now squished against his, we are lying on the bed like conjoined twins joined at the ass, both on our backs with our heads facing each end of the bed. My legs are arched over his thighs and Janice is still straddles over him in the 69 position. 

My penis, slightly shorter than his, is standing at full attention next to his. "Suck us both at the same time." I instruct her. Ben takes a few seconds to catch his breath and her most recent orgasm had now faded. Janice raises one eyebrow at me giving a slight 'hhmmmm' sound of curiosity as she starts to lower herself toward our waiting hard on's. 

She opens her mouth as wide as she possibly can, taking us both in. I can feel her tongue probing between my cock and Ben's, licking up and down with each bob of her head. Ben starts to shake and his legs looks like they are getting weak, "I think he's about to cum." I warn her. She keeps bobbing sucking a little harder, as Ben thrusts his pelvis up, lifting my entire body up and releases an explosion of cum inside her mouth. I can feel her trying to swallow the load, but with both of our cocks inside her at the same time, she can't. Janice pulls up; releasing us from the hold her mouth had on us and immediately take his cock back in her mouth as he continues to pump his white cum into the back of her throat. I can see the wave running down her neck as she pushes his load down her throat. 

After she finishes cleaning his cock of any last drips Janice looks into my eyes and says in a stern tone, "You are going to fuck me on the edge of the bed now." as she starts to stand up, dismounting from the bed in one fluid movement. 

"I guess you won't be needing that condom now, will ya?" I ask Ben as I come up to the edge of the bed, Janice is already lying on her back, legs in the air, exposing her soppy wet pussy. He leans over kisses her deeply, moving his kisses down her neck toward her breasts which are ouncing up and down with each thrust of my cock into her pussy. Ignoring my rhetorical question. 

Janice almost immediately starts screaming as orgasms line up one after the other in quick succession, only taking a few seconds between each one to gather enough breath to release another scream as she is flooded over and over again. 
