 I finally hit the big time. 5 years out of college and my education finally paid off. I landed a huge promotion at the bank I was at and was in a financial position to purchase a lovely house a few blocks off the beach. 

I still enjoyed hanging out with a few of my college friends. Travis, one of my former roommates, picked up a part-time job as a poolside bartender in one of the larger hotels along the beach. The weather in Southern California is pleasant all year and a few of our friends and I would usually spend a couple of weekends a month hanging out at the hotel pool. We often had a round or two of free drinks while enjoying the sunshine and watching the scenery at the pool. Occasionally, we managed to hook up with a girl we met poolside for a date.

Labor Day was coming up and Travis was going to be working the long weekend. One of my friends had relatives coming in from out of town and two more were leaving for a quick trip to Mexico. I had no particular plans and decided to spend a couple of days at the pool.

Saturday rolled around and I woke up late, lounged around and about 2:00 headed down to the hotel. I spent a couple of hours relaxing and enjoying the pool. It was a particularly stressful week and I just was looking to unwind. I packed up close to dinner time and went home.

Sunday was an unusually hot day and I decided to get a little pool time in earlier. I got there about 11:30 and Travis was just getting ready to start work. He called me over and told me that after I left on Saturday, a couple who were staying at the hotel approached him. They noticed that I had been talking to Travis on and off and they were asking questions about me. Was I staying at the hotel? Do I come to the pool often? How well did Travis know me? At first, I though Travis was kidding around but he convinced me that they really showed an interest in me.

I went for a quick swim and then sprawled out on a lounge chair. About 20 minutes later, a couple approached me and started making small talk. I glanced over at Travis and he gave a nod so I knew it was the couple from the day before. They were a little older than I. The woman was very attractive. She had long wavy brunette hair, was nice and trim and I couldn't help but notice her firm breasts under her skimpy bikini top. She was definitely a looker. The guy was a little taller than me, close cropped brown hair and also in fairly good shape. You could tell they took care of their appearance.

They guy offered to buy a round of drinks and I am not one to turn down a generous offer. They pulled up a couple of chairs and we sat around chatting. After we finished our drinks, I got up to get the next round. Travis didn't say a word but gave me a grin as he was fixing the drinks.

The hot sun and the drinks had us loosening up. I told them my name was Patrick and was born and raised in Southern California They introduced themselves. His name was Douglas and her name was Sarah. Both were in their mid-thirties. They traveled down from Washington and were celebrating their tenth wedding anniversary. He was also in banking, they both liked surfing and sailing so we had plenty in common to talk about. 

We finished our drinks and Sarah said she was getting very hot and suggested we all hop in the pool. By this time, I was also getting hot staring at her sexy body and already had a semi-erection that was concealed by the towel across my lap. Sarah hopped up and started heading for the water with Douglas close behind. One look at her nice firm ass had my cock twitching. At the edge of the pool, Sarah turned around to me and said "Patrick, what are you waiting for? Come on in with us." I was self-conscious about getting up with the tent pole I had in my suit, but decided to go for it. I quickly jumped up and made a mad dash for the pool and dove in hoping that they didn't notice my hard on.

We splashed around for a few minutes and luckily my erection started to subside. Sarah swam the length of the pool, her strong arms cutting through the water as her legs propelled her lithe body. When she got to the other side, Douglas turned to me and asked if I like what I saw. I was a little confused, be he said that he noticed my stiff cock as I was watching Sarah. I felt the blood rush to my face, but he told me not to be embarrassed. Both of them noticed me on Saturday and they both liked what they saw. He asked if I would like to come up to their room and have a few more drinks. I was dumbfounded but readily agreed. My erection returned.

After drying off, we headed up to their room. We entered and I saw they had one of the larger suites. It had a separate sitting room with an over-stuffed sofa, a couple of chairs and a huge TV. The other room had a king-size bed and there was a small kitchenette adjoining the sitting area. Off the entryway was the bathroom. Sarah told us to make ourselves comfortable while she took a quick shower. Douglas went to the kitchen area and came back with a few drinks. I sat on the sofa, and Douglas took a seat in one of the chairs. A few minutes later, Sarah came out. She wore one of the robes supplied by the hotel with only the sash tied around the middle. It was open enough to almost expose her breasts. Her hair was piled up on top of her head. The only word that would describe her was "stunning." Douglas told me there was another robe in the bathroom and suggested that I go shower as well. As I got up o go to the bathroom, I noticed Sarah staring at my erection with a smile on her face.

I got into the shower, the hot water feeling great cascading down. The whole time I was wondering what these two had in store and I reached down and gave my huge dick a few light strokes. I got out of the shower and wrapped myself in the robe and went out to join them. Douglas had a few more drinks ready for us and excused himself as he got up to shower. I sat back down on the sofa and Sarah quickly slid next to me. By now, after a couple of drinks at the pool and a couple in the room, I was really feeling loose and relaxed.

Sarah rested her hand on my thigh and slowly began to massage my leg. I felt a little uncomfortable with her running her hand up and down my leg with her husband in the next room. She put my mind at ease by telling me that it they both wanted to try a threesome and when they saw me at the pool yesterday, I had made them both horny. They fucked like crazy last night just thinking about me. If I wasn't interested, they would understand. She leaned over while she spoke. The top of her robe opened enough to give me a look at her tits. They were firm with hard little nipples that protruded out. Her hand was now under my robe as she worked her fingers up to my hard cock.

My sexual experience up to that point had only been one on one with women. I certainly didn't know what to expect especially after she had said that both her and Douglas were aroused seeing me. What would it be like with another man present, I wondered? One look at her fabulous body and any inhibitions running through my head began to fade.

She was stroking my cock when Douglas reentered the room. He had on a small white wrap and although I didn't really take a look at him before, I noticed that he was, in fact, very muscular with a washboard stomach. I also notice that his cock was straining at the material.

Douglas grinned and said "I see you started without me." Why don't we take it to the bed and get more comfortable. He turned towards the bedroom and as he walked, he let the wrap drop to the floor. His ass was as firm as his stomach. This was turning out to be an interesting encounter.

Sarah got up and I followed. Douglas lay on his back with his cock in the air. I have a true 7" fully erect, circumsized dick but his was larger and thicker than mine. He was circumsized like myself and it had a very slight curve to his left. It was a most impressive member. Sarah sat on the bed facing me. She put her hands inside my robe and caressed my chest and arms. She reached up and from the inside of my robe, slid it off my shoulders then removed her hand and gently undid the belt. My robe fell to the floor and I stood before her with my cock pointing at the ceiling. She reached out and began stroking it. Ever so gently at first, gradually increasing in intensity. I was in heaven. Her hands felt so good on my body. With her free hand, she undid her robe and slipped it off. All I could do was murmur an approval. Her body was beautiful. I'm a leg and ass man and she did not disappoint.

She pushed me back on the bed and got on her knees. She caressed my body paying special attention to my pecs and tweaking my nipples. I moaned in pleasure. She worked her way down along my sides and her hands finally came to my manhood. With one hand she stroke my hard on while cradling my balls with the other. I leaned back and let her continue.

Soon, I felt her tongue trace the head of my dick while another set of lips began nibbling my nipples. I opened my eyes to see Douglas fondling my breast and sucking and gently biting my nipples. I was so excited from Sarah's handy work that when Douglas joined in, it was just an added sensation. I knew if that was to keep up, I would shoot my load fast. I held Douglas' head to my chest as I started to sit up. He reluctantly let go when I stood up and gently pushed Sarah down on the bed.

I spread her legs getting a good look at her luscious pussy. She was dripping and I couldn't wait to bury my face between her thighs and taste her nectar. My tongue traced her outer lips as she began to slowly thrust her hips towards my eager mouth. My tongue lapped at the moist folds of her pussy. I licked gently from her pretty pink asshole to the top of her vagina. As I approached the top, my tongue flicked lightly on her hardening clit. She whimpered with each lick and soon was thrusting her pelvis to meet my tongue. I flicked my tongue quickly and more forcefully across her clit and within a minute, her body convulsed in the throes of a wonderful orgasm.

Hopping up on the bed, I lay on my side and started sucking and licking on her hard nipples as her body came down from her orgasm. Meanwhile, Douglas got on the bed beside me with his head down toward my feet. I felt his mouth encircle my cock. He licked and sucked and to be honest, it felt even better than when Sarah was sucking me. His hand gripped the base of my cock. His hand followed the up and down motion his mouth was doing to my cock. He flicked his tongue rapidly across my frenulum and swirled his tongue over the head of my painfully erect cock. Here was a man, a man who knew what a great blowjob should feel like and who knew how to duplicate the effort to give me the most incredible feeling that I ever had. My body turned to jelly as the beginning of a powerful orgasm welled up inside. Moaning in unabashed pleasure, I tried to pull away telling him that I was just about ready to cum, but his other hand grabbed my asscheeks and he pulled me closer. There was no escaping his expert mouth and soon jet after jet of my hot jism pulsated into his eager mouth. He swallowed every bit and as the last of my cum was drizzling out, he flicked at my pisshole to get every drop.

Out of breath, I lay exhausted on the bed. Sarah had a mind-blowing orgasm. I came like never before. Poor Douglas was the only one left to receive pleasure. Sarah had already recovered and move between Douglas' legs. She started to lick and suck his engorged cock. I was already coming down and I really was grateful to Douglas for the fantastic blowjob I received. I thought, "What the hell." With that, I joined Sarah as she stroked and sucked Douglas. Tentatively, I ran my tongue up his shaft. It didn't taste bad and the smooth stretched skin of his cock actually felt good. I never thought that I would ever suck another man';s cock, but that is exactly what I wanted to do at this point. Following Sarah's lead, I gently swirled my tongue around the head of his cock. I licked up and down his shaft. Parting my lips, I slipped the head of his prick into my warm, wet mouth. Again, he was larger with a bigger circumference than my cock and I though I wouldn't be able to fit it all in. Slowly I took him in deeper and deeper until I had almost the whole length in. With my thumb and forefinger forming a circle, I stroked him up and down while my mouth worked him over. I took my mouth off his member and Sarah immediately replaced it with her mouth. I let her continue the blowjob while I move slight down on the bed and started lapping at his heavy balls.

It was obvious that all our efforts were not going unnoticed by Douglas. His breathing changed and his body began to stiffen. Sarah sucked harder and I licked and gently mouthed his nutsack. Without warning, his body arched as hot spurts of his seed shot into Sarah's waiting mouth. She held his cock in her mouth until the last of his load shot out. She then reached over and gave me a full kiss, her saliva mixed with his cum being deposited in my mouth. Slightly salty, not bad tasting, I was eager to swallow her offering.

We cleaned up a little, had a couple more drinks, recovered and finished off the night with round two.

To be continued...