 Hotel Threesome

The hallway was quiet as Jack walked towards room 235. It was a budget motel, small, quiet and dimly lit; a tinge of cigarette smoke hung in the air. It certainly wasn't a place where he'd normally stay, but the furnishings were the last thing on his mind.

Jack stopped and entered the keycard he'd been given and turned the door handle firmly. The room was dark, as he expected it to be. He'd purposefully arrived about an half-hour early so that he could shower and try to get comfortable. This was only the third time he'd ever met anonymously for sex, and the previous two had only involved swapping blowjobs with other men whom he'd met over the internet. This time though, since he planned on being completely naked, he wanted to be sure to be clean.

Jack turned on the lights as he entered the room. A small bathroom was immediately to his left, and beyond were two full beds separated by a small bedside table, on which laid the customary lamp, phone and clock. Letting the door shut behind him, he put the old duffle bag he'd brought down on the closest bed and unzipped it. From it he removed a towel, shower gel and a change of clothes, as well as a small bottle of lube and a few condoms. Lastly, he unpacked a small DVD player that he'd been asked to bring. He could only assume that someone was bringing some porn, which was fine, but given that he could already feel himself getting hard, he doubted it was necessary.

Twenty-five minutes to go. Jack stripped off his clothes and walked into the bathroom. The hard tile floor was cold beneath his bare feet as he set down the towel and shower gel. He turned on the shower, and as the steam began to rise, he unconsciously ran his hand down the length of his upright cock and cupped his balls in his hand. He squeezed them softly, twice, three times, and his cock hardened more each time.

Jack let go of himself and stepped into the shower. He stood still in front of the water as it hit his back and tried to think of something else. Even though he knew he could cum at least twice, he didn't want to do anything that would decrease the pleasure he'd be sure to feel later. Besides, he needed to hurry if he wanted to be showered by the time the others arrived.

The scent of spring filled the shower as he squeezed the shower gel onto his washcloth. Jack swiftly worked up a lather over his arms and chest, and bent down to scrub his feet, calves and thighs. He worked his way up and, with the washcloth in hand, grabbed his shaved balls again, then his smooth cock, then reached down again between his legs. Years ago, he had shaved his pubic hair first just around his cock, then his balls, and eventually all the way underneath to his asshole, and he still loved the feel of the washcloth, or anything else, on that soft smooth skin. 

"Hello?"

Jack froze, and even though he was standing beneath the constant warmth of the shower, a chill went through his body. He could hear the door to the room close, and then light footsteps approaching on the tiled bathroom floor. Like the lather he had worked up, his brief nervousness quicky washed away, and again his cock grew suddenly harder. Apparently he wasn't the only one who wanted to be early.

The female voice came through the sound of the shower. "I can see you through the shower curtain, you know," and Jack could hear the naughty grin on her face as she asked, "Is there room in there for two?"

Jack pulled back the curtain and looked at the woman standing only three feet from him. She looked exactly like the picture she had provided him. She was in her late twenties, a year or two older than he was, standing a little over five feet tall, with nice curves, blond hair and blue eyes. She wore a simple overcoat and flip-flops, and, if she had indeed done as Jack had requested, that was all.

"Hi. You must be Mandy," Jack said, trying to keep himself from blushing. Horny as he was, it wasn't often he stood naked in front of strangers...but it was a good feeling. "I'm Jack. It's nice to finally see you in person."

Mandy smiled as she eyed the body before her up and down. "It's nice to finally see you, too." She kept her eyes in his body as her hands moved towards the large buttons of her coat. "So, you think there's room for two in there, or am I going to have to drag you out of there?"

One by one she unfastened the buttons until the coat fell open, revealing what Jack had hoped for: nothing. Mandy slid the overcoat from her shoulders, fully revealing her small frame, ample breasts and fair skin. Jack could see a small tattoo, unidentifiable in the steam-filled room, just above her light brown trimmed bush. The picture she'd sent him, clothed though she was, had not done her justice. 

Jack stepped to the rear of the shower and waived his hand invitingly. "I think there's plenty of room."

Mandy's smile widened as she stepped into the shower, and she gasped slightly as the hot streams of water hit her. She immediately stepped close to Jack, reached around and grabbed his ass with both hands and pressed her breasts into him. "I thought you'd never ask." Still holding onto Jack's ass, Mandy slid herself to her knees so that her face rubbed against Jack's fully erect cock. Slowly she began to lick around his testicles and up his shaft, until her mouth hovered open around his large purple head. She could taste the pre-cum already oozing from him as she enveloped him with her mouth.

Jack moaned with pleasure. He looked down at Mandy's head, bobbing up and down, and he could feel his dick going deeper and deeper down her throat. Her hands kneaded his ass, spreading his cheeks apart and pushing them back together. Jack loved having his ass touched, he always had. Somehow Mandy seemed to instinctively know how to please him, and as he watched her mouth travel the length of his cock, he wanted nothing else but to return the favor.

Jack reached down and raised Mandy from her knees, kissing her passionately before she could say a word. He could taste the pleasant saltiness of his cock on her tongue. She again pressed into him and returned his kiss. "I want you," he finally said between breaths. Thoughts of her body ran frantically through his mind. "On the bed. Now." 

Mandy's eyes widened at his words. "Oh no you don't," she said, picking up the shower gel. She took Jack's hand, upturned it, and squeezed a large amount of soap into his palm. Mandy then lifted one leg and propped her foot on the outset shelf of the shower, exposing her inner thigh and glistening pink pussy. With a mischievous grin she said, "I need to get clean too."

Jack reached down, keeping the soap in his palm, until his fingers just teased the slick warmth beneath her bush. The soap spread across his fingers as he slid his hand further and further between her legs, pressing harder as he went. Mandy's head fell back as he slowly slipped his middle finger into her pussy then out again. Reaching further, his wet middle finger rubbed the smooth ring of her asshole, and he could feel her muscles tense at his touch.

"You're a naughty boy," she said through sultrily. "Very, very naughty."

"You have no idea," Jack replied, and again he reached and softly traced the edge of her hole with his finger.

Mandy tightened her rear, trapping Jack's finger between her cheeks. "Why don't you show me?" She pressed herself against Jack's chest again, stared into his eyes and suggestively ran her tongue up his chin and bottom lip, then turned, washed the lather from between her legs and stepped out of the shower. Then, after smoothing back her wet shoulder-length hair, she winked at him, turned and left.

Jack needed no further prompting. He rinsed the remaining soap from his skin and exited the shower and bathroom, turned and saw Mandy on the furthest of the beds, laying on her back, her legs raised and spread, giving him a full view of her pussy and ass. It was what Jack had been looking forward to all day. 

Wetting his lips, Jack walked towards her and climbed on the bed, and without saying a word, laid down on his stomach and eagerly licked up the full length of her pussy. Again he licked, and again, faster, hungrier, until his face was coated with her warm juices. Jack felt Mandy's legs spread apart even further, and he could tell she was pulling her knees back as far as they could go. Putting his hands beneath her ass, he brought her closer to his mouth. She tasted sweet and ripe; her juices flowed over his tongue as he slipped it into her pussy.

Mandy's head fell back against the bed and her breathing became heavy. She could feel Jack's tongue inside her, reaching deeper and deeper. He licked her again slowly, up to her clit and he sucked it hard, sending a shiver through her body, then down, over the slick folds of her cunt, down to her perineum and finally, gently, his tongue brushed her asshole. Still wet from the shower, she felt his tongue again make contact as he pushed her legs back towards her head, forcing her cheeks to spread wider. She was almost completely on her shoulders, her knees to her ears. Jack's warm tongue pressed fully against her ass, and she could feel her rectal muscles clench excitedly.

Jack began to move his tongue more quickly, flirting with Mandy's hole, smiling inside as he heard her moan below him. Again he pressed his tongue into her, and gradually her muscles relaxed, allowing his tongue entrance. He loved her flavor, a mix of salt and cunt, and he pushed deeper, until his entire face was flush with her ass and pussy. In and out he moved his tongue, and he could hear her sharp breaths becoming faster. 

"I love it," Mandy finally said, her voice heavy between breaths. She grabbed Jack's head with her hands and pushed his face harder into her, and she felt his tongue move furiously in, over and around her asshole. She gripped his hair tighter and couldn't help but buck her hips. She'd never felt sensations like what she feeling now, and she didn't want them to stop.

Jack withdrew his tongue slowly, then licked upwards towards her cunt and sucked it hard again before rolling her back down flat. His face glistened with her juices. "Don't worry," he said as he began to reposition himself. "I'm not done yet."

Walking around the bed so that Mandy's head was closet to him, Jack's eyes took in all of the naked body before him. Mandy's nipples were dark and hard, her breasts rose and fell quickly with her breaths. The tattoo below her navel that he had seen earlier was now clearly a butterfly; he smiled as its shape reminded him of the position that Mandy had just been in, legs wide and spread. 

His eyes found hers as he climbed onto the bed so that his knees straddled Mandy's head. Scooting himself forward, he watched as her face disappeared under his own precum-leaking cock. He felt her face instantly rise to meet his balls that hung over her, and pleasure raced through him as he sunk lower towards her.

Mandy reached hungrily upwards, desperate to taste the cock above her. As his body lowered onto her, her tongue traveled eagerly across his balls until the shaved-smooth skin behind his sack was against her mouth. She guided her tongue upwards across the soft skin upwards to his ass. She'd never been this close to a man's hole before, but as she felt Jack bend over, lift her legs and burrow his head again into her pussy, she let go of her inexperience. 

Taking a moment to suck her thumb, she placed it squarely against Jack's asshole as she returned to licking and sucking beneath his balls. She immediately felt Jack's response. His cock hardened against her chest and his pussy-muffled groans sent waves through her clit. She guided her thumb in circles around his ring as his dick throbbed, faster and faster between her breasts. She felt the warmth of Jack's tongue travel down, into her ass, around it, faster and faster as he pulled her ass cheeks further apart. She felt his body tremble and shake above her. The sensation if his moans grew stronger and then stopped. His breath grew heavy against her ass, his tongue left her, and then she felt the thick satisfying warmth of his cum pulsing onto her stomach. Mandy giggled at the feeling and gave Jack's balls a final suck as he lifted himself from her and laid beside her.

Still catching his breath, Jack gazed at the pools of cum on Mandy's body. "I'll get you a towel," he said.

"I'll take care of that," said a rich voice from the edge of the room.

Jack looked up and saw a man standing by the door, half-concealed by the wall adjoining the bathroom. He was also in a long overcoat, though his had already been unbuttoned, proving that he too had followed Jack's suggestion of arriving nude. The man's handsome light brown skin was healthy and smooth, and his cock, framed nicely by thick curly dark hair, stood tall and measured at least seven inches, an inch or so longer than Jack's.

"Looks like I'm a bit late," the man said as he removed his coat and tossed it the floor. 

Mandy propped herself up on her elbows. "You're Chris, right?"

The man smiled and nodded, taking his first steps towards the bed.

"Then I think you're just in time." Mandy's face regained its mischievous grin, and she motioned her head towards Jack. "Jack here has just made quite a mess. Can you help clean it up?"

Chris' smile widened. He'd arrived just after the pair had begun their sixty-nine, but instead of announcing himself he had stood and watched silently, mostly to satisfy his own voyeuristic desires. Now, having seen Jack's orgasm and the cum he'd produced, and despite the selection of porn movies he'd brought with him, he couldn't wait to join in.

As Chris walked toward the bed, Mandy lowered herself from her elbows, careful not let the cum on her stomach slide off onto the bed. Jack didn't move, but paid close attention as he massaged his spent cock, slowly stiffening it again. Chris knelt down in front of Mandy, bringing his head only inches from her wet pussy, deeply inhaled the scent of her, then pushed himself upwards and took a long taste of Jack's cum. Mandy stifled a tickled laugh as Chris repeated himself, swallowing each time as cleaned the cum from her body. 

Licking his lips, Chris stood up and pushed his hips forward, proudly displaying his erect cock. Accepting his invitation, Mandy eagerly sat up on the bed and crawled to Chris' dick, grabbing it with one hand as she held herself up with other. She looked up briefly into his satisfied eyes before plunging her head downward, taking as much of his dick into her mouth as she could. He tasted saltier than Jack, mustier, but she loved it all the same. Her tongue swirled around the large round head of his penis, and loved the feeling as his cock grew and hardened in her mouth.

From the corner of her eye she saw Jack turn and bring his head closer to hers. He reached under her bobbing chin, gently taking hold of Chris' sack. Sensing what he really wanted, Mandy lifted her head up and off of Chris' dick, and with her hand pointed the spit-covered shaft towards Jack. She watched as Jack immediately took the dick into his mouth, sucking hard, pausing as she had on the large cap. He ran his tongue down the shaft, then back up before taking it again into his mouth.

Mandy had always fantasized about sharing a cock with another man, but right then she realized that Jack could be put to better use. Guiding Chris' dick back towards her own mouth, she leaned towards Jack and licked his pre-cum-covered lips. "Fuck me. Hard."

Jack took one last lick of Chris' shaft as Mandy again took it into her mouth. His eyes followed the round, hourglass curves of her stretched torso as he made his way back across the bed. Her ass and inner thighs were still slick from earlier, and as he positioned himself behind her, he couldn't help but run his tongue through her cunt once more, and then up, into the her rear. Savoring the taste as he raised his head, he scooted himself closer to her, straightened his hard-again penis with his hand, then slid himself completely into her pussy.

Even with Chris' dick deep in her mouth, Mandy moaned with pleasure as she felt Jack enter her. She loved the feeling of Jack's cock behind her, pumping and pushing her forward, each thrust forcing her mouth further down the cock in front of her. It had been years since she'd last enjoyed two men at once, a dick on either end and four hands exploring her body. Chris' hands held either side of her head, guiding her head gently up and down, while Jack's hands roamed her hips, butt and lower back. Her anticipation rose as she sensed his thumb travel down the middle of her back, then slowly into the crack of her ass. Her muscles clenched again and his thumb pressed lightly on her asshole, but with each thrust of his cock she relaxed. She moaned again, louder, as his thumb entered her ass, past her inner ring, deeper until she could tell it was all the way inside her.

Chris' pre-cum began to flow freely in her mouth, his salty flavor and scent filling her senses. Her mouth watered even more from his taste as she began using her hand to jack him off. She needed his hot cum to course over her tongue and down her throat, and sucked him as hard as she could. Behind her, Jack's thrusts became harder and faster, and with her mouth, pussy and ass filled, Mandy's breaths became quick and shallow. Throughout her body her muscles tensed; her fantasies were happening. Jack's thumb began swirling in her ass, doubling the pleasure within her as his cock pounded her pussy. Chris hands gripped her head harder, forcing her face onto him as his cock hardened. Mandy worked her hand furiously, up and down his wet shaft, and in her mouth his cock grew, pulsed until Chris gave her head one final push. He exhaled suddenly above her, and what seemed like gallons of molten cum shot into her. 

Mandy's body shook as she tried to swallow it all, but as Jack rammed his dick into her pussy she couldn't help it. Cum fell from her lips as she screamed. The flood walls within her opened, and her body convulsed as she came, all over Jack's cock and all over herself. Her breaths ragged, she fell against Chris' softening dick, not caring as the last of his cum smeared across her face and hair.

Chris took another deep breath and backed away from Mandy's head. His dick was still semi-hard and wet with a combination of Mandy's spit and his own cum. He looked at Jack, who was withdrawing himself from Mandy's pussy and ass, and part of him envied him for being able to stick his cock into her. Looking around, he saw on the bed behind him clothes that Jack must have brought, and beside them a bottle of lube and some condoms. The lube, Astroglide, appeared new and unopened. Chris picked up the bottle and examined it further.

"Ever use that stuff before?" Jack asked, looking at Chris read the label.

Chris turned to him, picking up on the hint in Jack's voice. A slight grin lifted the corner of his mouth. "Not yet."

Jack kept Chris's gaze and crawled onto the bed beside Mandy, turning his body so that his ass was raised just in front of Chris. He lowered his head and shoulders to the bed. "Why don't you try it out then?"

Chris smiled and twisted the cap of the Astroglide. "Sounds good to me." Then he handed the bottle to Mandy, who had recovered enough from her orgasm to see what was happening.

Mandy lifted herself and straddled Jack's shoulders, pinning his head beneath her soaked pussy. "This should be fun," she said, amused as she squeezed the bottle hard. Slowly she directed the stream of silky liquid all over Jack's ass and watched as it slid between his cheeks and down to his hanging balls. She smeared the lube over his ass, making sure to thoroughly massage it into his rectum, and with her other hand pulled Chris forward by his cock and pressed it against Jack's now slippery hole. She let go of Chris and held either side of Jack's ass and watched as the head of Chris' cock pushed, retreated then pushed again, disappearing into Jack.
