 It was early evening and I was driving back with my husband Chas and his two mates Dave and Rick, from a conference we had been to.

 We had been driving for about one and a half hours when Dave said he was parched and could do with a drink. We all agreed.

At the next pub we came to we pulled into the car park. It looked quite a rundown place on the outskirts of a small town. Chas parked the car and we went inside.

 The inside wasn't any better than the outside, being scruffy, with rough wooden floorboards, and tatty looking furniture. A rather seedy looking place in all.

 As we were only stopping for a couple of drinks this didn't bother us much.

We went over to the bar, and ordered our drinks and sat at the bar. I looked along the bar and noticed a man looking at us; he smiled when he saw me looking.

 He looked about in his late thirties to forty. He had quite a muscular body and was wearing tight jeans and a tee shirt showing the muscles in his arms and legs.

 Chas saw me looking and said to me "I bet you would like his cock between your legs wouldn't you?" the others laughed and I said, "Too right I would."

He must have heard what we said and walked over and asked if he could buy us all a drink, vodka and orange I replied the others had lager.

 He sat down beside us and started chatting. He told us his name was Adam, and asked where we had come from. Rick and Dave told him we had been to a conference.

 Adam was looking at my bare legs, as I had quite a short dress on, so I said "Do you like what you see?" and parted my legs slightly.

 The others were grinning at what I was up to. He smiled and as a reply he put my hand on my leg and slide it up the smooth bare skin until he reached my panties.

 He looked at Chas, who grinned and nodded to him, so he then started to rub my cunt through the thin material, then pulled them aside and inserted a finger up my shaven cunt.

 My mouth opened slightly and I gave a soft moan. Rick on the other side saw this and put one hand on my tits, squeezing and playing gently with them.

 The barman had a wide grin on his face, and leaned across the bar to Dave and said, "You'll have a good time with her, looks like she likes to get a good fucking."

 Dave laughed, and said, "Yes, she does. A couple of weeks ago we stripped her naked at a pub down where we live, then fucked her over the pool table. 

A few of the locals had a go with her as well and one even fucked her ass with a pool cue."

 The barman laughed and said "Christ what a fucking slag."

After another drink, Adam said "Why don't we go and have some fun; I know a place not to far from here."

 We were all up for this, and we were all soon in the car. The two men in the back with me were having fun touching me up, Chas had to drive.

We arrived at this rather rundown hotel in what looked like a rough area of the town, parked up and went inside.

 Adam went up to the counter and asked the guy behind it for a room. He looked across at me and grinned.

 "Twenty quid for the night" he said. We handed over the cash and then headed for the lift.

 Once in the lift between floors, Rick pressed the stop button and they soon had their hands all over me. 

My dress was soon off, followed immediately by my panties. Their hands were all over my nakedness, exploring my cunt and ass, pinching and squeezing my tits and nipples.

 I was pushed down on to my knees by Adam and told to get his cock out and suck it, I did this sliding it between my red lips, and boy was it good as he fucked my face, I was taking his whole length in and licking and nibbling around his balls.

 He pulled out before he cum, as he said he wanted much more fun in a short while. All the while Rick and Dave were playing with my tits and cunt while Chas watched.

We started the lift off again and when at our floor got out and made our way to our room. I did not mind one bit that I was still naked in the corridor on show to anybody who might come along.

 In the room they soon had their clothes off and joined me on the bed. I was one hot slut, willing to do anything they wanted me too.

 Chas soon had my legs bent over his shoulders ramming a cock up my juicy cunt.

 Rick was next in line, turning me over into doggy position and fucking me furiously from behind.

 Dave couldn't wait his turn and went around my front and shoved his fat cock in my mouth.

 Rick pulled out of my cunt and told me he was going to fuck my tight ass hole.

 He rubbed his cock over my ass hole then pushed it in slowly until it was in to the hilt, then started to fuck me hard.

 This was making me suck even harder on Dave's cock. Adam had positioned his self under me and had his cock in my cunt, now all three holes were filled.

Just then there was a knock on the door, Chas slipped a towel around his waist and answered it.

 The desk guy was standing there with a broad grin on his face as he could see me naked, on my hands and knees on the bed, having all my holes fucked.

 "I just came to see if everything is all right," he said, "But I can see it is." 

Chas said, "Yea fine, why don't you come in and join us, the sluts got enough for everyone." 

He didn't take telling twice, and was soon naked on the bed with us. They each took turns with me, fucking my ass, cunt or mouth.

 While one was shagging me, others were biting my tits or pinching my nipples, doing whatever they wanted to do to me.

After we were all knackered, I still wanted more, as I was lay on the bed, my legs still wide apart fingering myself.

 The deskman said "You know what, I recon we could make some money with this fucking slag," "what you saying," Chas said.

 "Well as you can see, this isn't exactly the Ritz" he said, "And I'm sure a lot of the people here would pay to fuck or do whatever with the slag." 

They looked over to me as I was now frigging my self-hard with a large vibrator that I keep in my handbag.

 Chas nodded to Dave and Rick, and then said "sure, why not." The deskman got dressed and said, "Wait here why I go and check it out."  

Chas, Rick, Dave, and Adam got dressed while he was away, and told me to stay as I was, and after about ten minuets he came back and said "Right, lets go, we've already got a few customers."

 I had heard their plan and was keen to play, Rick grabbed me by the arm and pulled me off the bed, and out of the room

The deskman who said his name was Ron, took us to another room and knocked on the door.

 Two men opened it, and on seeing me there naked said, "Come on in."

 Ron said "First things first, ten quid each for fifteen minutes, you can do what you like to her in that time."

 They paid and I was pushed in. They did not waste any of their fifteen minuets, and soon a cock at both ends was pummelling in to me.

 I was bucking back and forth as to get as much cock up me as possible.

The fifteen minuets were soon up, and we made our way to another room. This time it was a man and women.

 First the man fucked my ass, and then the women strapped on a 12-inch dildo and gave my soggy cunt a good stretching.

 I shouted what a fucking bitch she was which earned me a slap across the face and my nipples to be twisted and pinched causing me to scream out loud.

 "Do you like that whore" she said, "Yes" I gasped.

 A grin spread across her face as she slapped me again across the face several more times and pulled and mauled my tits and rammed her artificial cock in further and harder up my cunt. All the while all the men watched.

 All the time between rooms I was paraded naked, with the fresh cum dribbling out of my holes and all over my used body.

 The men had written across my belly "Slut for sale" and "These holes for hire" above my ass and cunt.

The next room we came to had three men in, and when they saw me they said to Ron "How about a deal," "What do you have in mind," Ron said.

 They said there were several of their mates in other rooms, so how about a price for a group booking. Every body laughed, and they agreed a price to abuse my body.

 I was taken down to the dining room where there was more room, while the three men went and fetched their mates.

 In all about 20 men appeared in the dining room and all eyes were fixed on me as I was standing there starkers my legs apart and my hands on my hips. “A few mates,” I said, looking at all these men. “A fucking whore like you can cope with that lot, so shut the fuck up bitch,” Ron replied.

 Ron took the money and Adam grabbed hold off me by the hair and threw me on the floor at their feet.

 "Here's the fucking whore slut for your use he said, do what ever you want with her until you've had enough."

 One of the men tossed an empty beer bottle to me and told me to wank my self off with it, put on a show for them while they stripped off.

 I picked up the bottle and started to use it on my cunt, holding onto the neck and pushing the wider end in and out of my cunt. 

"Fucking hell" one said, "Look at the dirty cunt take all that bottle" to laughter all round. Next I used the neck end up my ass.

 I was moaning all the time as I shafted my self with the bottle.

When they were all ready, there were men all over me, fucking my body in all positions.

 There were cocks up my ass, cunt and in my mouth. Several times all three orifices were filled at the same time.

 I was enjoying sucking cock and licking all around their balls, also licking from their balls up the crack to their ass holes.

 The men loved this as my tongue licked all around their ass then as I pushed my tongue up as far as I could up their ass hole.

 Men where quite often shagging my ass while I done this, which caused my face to be pushed right down between their ass cheeks.

There were now more people around watching, and a lot taking pictures or video of the whole event. I couldn’t help but think of all the people who were going to see me. A forty year old married women, naked and being gangfucked and abused by dozens of people.

 They were walking around me to get good close ups and views of all the cocks going into my naked abused body, and also all the cum that was being sprayed into and onto me. Ron was also charging for this.

 In amongst the crowd were several women who were urging the men to fuck the bitch until she couldn't walk, and calling me obscene names.

 One of them even gave me a fisting, Ron didn't charge her for this as he enjoyed watching this women ramming her fist in and out of my cunt up to her wrist making me cry out. She spat a load of white frothy Spit on to my body, it landed on my tits mingling with the cum all ready there. The rest of the women took this up as well spitting all over me as she fisted me. It ran down my belly, between my tits and down the cheeks of my face. “Fuck pig” they shouted. 

A couple of men then bent me over a table and started to give my ass a good beating with some table tennis bats they had found.

 They each took it in turns slapping my ass, which caused me to scream and cheers from the crowd, as my ass cheeks glowed red. 

They were telling me what a dirty slut I was, how I deserved this.

 The women in the crowd were screaming to whack her ass good and hard, hurt the fucking cum slut.

 One of the men took hold of a handful of my hair, yanking my head back, and said "Tell us you like having your ass whipped bitch."

 Through my cries of pain and ecstasy I shouted out "That I loved the pain, and to hurt me more, turn me over and whip this sluts cunt and tits, make me cum doing it."

 Three women pushed forward and said "You heard what the slag wants," and turned me over, one of them holding my arms down above my head, and the other two holding a leg wide apart each. 

Some men stepped forward with thin leather belts, the women shouted to them do it, whip her cunt.

 The belts were brought down and made sharp cracks as they made contact with my soft exposed skin, I screamed out loud. 

Crack another belt landed across my tits, causing my large nipples to stand out even more, another belt made contact inside my legs, then higher up on the soft flesh of my shaven cunt.

 I was screaming and my body was contorting, but they could all see that I was enjoying it.

 "Come on punish the fucking slut" the women were shouting, "whip the cunt." 

Another belt landed across my tits, then another across my cunt, this time the pain from it caused me to piss, and urine flowed from my cunt down my thighs and onto the floor.

 People just laughed and shouted look the slag as pissed her self.

During this show a lot of men had wanked into a glass, and a couple had pissed into it as well.

 This glassful was brought to me, "you must be thirsty after all that, drink this" the women said, I hesitated for a second, a sharp slap across the face, and a belt across the ass soon changed that.

 I put it to my lips and drank it down, licking my lips at the end and saying that wasn't to bad. Now who wants to fuck me some more? 

"What a dirty fucking slut she is" a woman shouted out, "Yes, a real fucking cunt" another said.

  I shouted out, "Yes I am a dirty cum loving slut, who loves to fuck and suck cock, so come on who wants seconds, who wants to fuck this cock sucking whore some more."

Several more men decided to take up my offer, but their cocks were slipping in to easy into my gapping cunt, so it was mentioned that they wanted to try some water sports and piss over me.

 Ron said, "Not in here, you'll make a mess" so while the men got themselves straight, he took hold of my arm as I was still lying on the floor.

 He then dragged me on my belly and ass out through the main entrance into the street, and along to a back alley, where he threw me onto a pile of rubbish.

 "Do it here," he said. All the men had now gathered around and got their cocks out. “Come on men, piss on her. She’s where she belongs now, a piece of trash on the floor in a dirty alleyway,” one of the women shouted.

 Streams of piss were aimed at my naked body, flowing over my cum covered tits and belly.

 "Open your fucking mouth slag" one man shouted as the streams of warm yellow piss were directed between my legs onto my cum covered cunt, and onto my face, filling my mouth as I opened it.

 During this I was fingering my self and rubbing the mixture of cum and piss into my tits and face, making my self cum.

When all the men had finished, I was drenched in piss and lying in a large pool of piss, my hair and body soaked.

 Ron said to me "What's your address cunt?" I didn't reply, so he took hold of a handful of my hair and pulled me up then twisted my nipples hard, I screamed out, "Address bitch" he said again.

 I told him. "Good" he said.  "I'm going to send your husband and his mates some of the pictures and videos so he can show everybody what a filthy dirty fuck pig he’s got for a wife."

 I said, "He already knows, and he will enjoy watching me abused." Ron also said that I was going to be a star around the area, as twice a week at the hotel he was going to show the videos to the public for a fee.

 "I bet you will like that, the thought of hundreds of people seeing you naked, all those cocks being fed into you, being whipped, wanked over and pissed on. Used you as a cum slut," Adam said. 

Ron twisted my nipples again and rammed his fingers up my cunt, "Yes" I cried, "It turns me on knowing all those people will see me naked and know I am a whore, and all I'm good for is for fucking, a slag to abuse and empty there cum into or onto. A sex slut for their pleasure."

 He pulled his cum and piss covered fingers back out of my cunt and said, "Look at the fucking mess on my fingers you dirty cunt, lick them clean" I did so.

It was now late and the crowd had seen or done enough to me, so they began to disperse. Ron threw me back on to the ground into the dirt. “Fucking filthy slut,” he said as he looked down on the naked mess lying sprawled on the alley floor. He then gave me a kick up my ass as I got up onto my hands and knees which sent me lurching forward into a smelly pile of rubbish and rotting food.


When everybody had gone, Ron and Chas split the money between them, then said cheerio to us and went back to the hotel and locked up.

 They looked down at me lying there in the dirt, "Well Kathy, what a fucking mess you look" they said.

 Chas said that I had surpassed myself this time; he didn't think that even I could take so much cock in so short a time. 

Adam said he had never seen such a slut and that he had enjoyed using me and watching me be used. I said "My pleasure." Adam said his farewells and went on his way.

 We went back to our car making me having to walk naked from the alley; nobody seemed to remember where my clothes were.

 Chas said he would buy me a new dress anyway from the money I had earned.

 When we got back to the car they washed me down in the street with a couple of bottles of water that was kept in the boot and I dried off the best I could with some old rags in there.

 They had said they did not want me sat in the car smelling of cum and piss and whatever else was on the alley floor. I must admit I couldn't blame them.


As we drove home we got a lot of looks and hoots from lorry drivers who passed us and could see me sitting naked in the car, a lot of the time with the guys in the back playing with my tits or cunt.

 Rick was amused at how big my cunt was saying he could easily get his fist up there, which he did several times.
 Dave laughed and told him was he surprised after all the cocks, and other objects that had been pushed up there.

 They all agreed I was one hell of a fucking hot whore.

 Chas is waiting for the video and photographs to arrive, and he is also going to give a copy each to Rick and Dave.

 Chas has also told me there is a stag party he is going to in a couple of weeks and he has told them he will show the video there. 

They had asked him why didn't he bring along the star as well. You never now, I may just go to give the groom his last bit of fun and probably the rest of the party guests as well.

Comments to Kathy at the link below.