 Frank and Ann had known each other for a short while and became lovers soon after they had met. They knew that they could never be more than secret lovers but they accepted that fact. Frank had learned many of Ann’s desires and he planned on fulfilling as many as he could. He loved hearing the things Ann wanted to have done to her and what makes her so wet. Soon Frank had a plan to assist Ann in one of the things she talked about but wasn’t sure that she would ever do. He spoke to her of this plan and she was very nervous and didn’t know if she could actually follow through on it. Over time and after Ann had thought on it for a long time, she decided that she wanted to give it a try. The plan was set in motion and the more they talked about it and the closer it got, the more intense Ann became. 

Anne had been emailing Kelly for some time now Kelly was a friend of Franks. He had given Kelly, Ann’s email and Kelly had sent Ann an email that had started things off. Ann would read Kelly’s emails over and over and even sent Kelly a few hot emails herself. All these emails back and forth made the wanting inside Ann increase. She knew that Kelly was experienced with women and maybe that made it better. It also made Ann a bit apprehensive since this was to be her first time. Frank and Ann had read Kelly’s erotic stories together and enjoyed wonderful sex as a result. Could she be for real? 

The day came when things were set and the plan was about to turn into reality. They plan was to meet Kelly a good distance away from where they all lived so that there was less pressure. They could get away to an area where they wouldn’t have to be worried who was watching or who might see. As they drove Ann felt the warm wetness grow between her legs as she thought about the possibilities of tonight. She smiled at Frank and he knew exactly what was happening. He took her hand and placed it between his legs for her to feel the growing hardness there. They both smiled a knowing smile and the drive continued. 

There were lots of questions too. Was this going to be a night of fulfilled fantasy or a night of disappointment? They had both anticipated this for so long and wanted it so much but was it too much to hope that it would be all they dreamed about? Ann wanted to be with a woman so much and she knew that Frank wanted to be there for her first. Her fantasy and his were all tied up together and each wanted it for the other more than for them selves. 

As Kelly drove through the mountains her mind was filled with the anticipation over tonight. She had done threesomes before and she had made love to woman since she was a teenager so why should she be so excited and hesitant about this encounter. Well one reason was she was going to see Frank he had been a man that had filled her thoughts and body with so much pleasure. Things hadn’t worked out for them because they had different directions in life. They both knew and understood that the only thing they agreed upon was sex and that wasn’t enough for a full time relationship. They had remained friend and even though they didn’t see much of each other they were in contact by emails all the time. 

Ann seemed really excited about being with a woman but Kelly had been there before. The woman would say it was her ultimate fantasy and she loved having her pussy eaten and her nipples sucked and, yes, even the kissing…but when it came time to turn the tables many of them found a way out of it. They had fulfilled their desire but found that they weren't really that interested in being with another woman. Maybe Ann would be this way too but it didn't seem this was the case. Kelly had read Ann’s emails and there was so excitement in her words – but… 

That was okay though – she loved making love to a woman and she loved watching a man make love to one as well. She got so hot watching a woman suck a man's cock and she knew that no matter what else happened she would have an incredible orgasm just watching that. Just let things progress as they would and no one would be disappointed. 

Frank and Ann pulled into the parking lot of the Westend Lake Inn and Frank went and checked them in. They had only about a half hour before Kelly was supposed to meet them in the restaurant. They went to their room and began to freshen up. Both of them had butterflies in their stomachs but they were good butterflies. It was hard for Ann not to stay wet and with Frank it just wanted to stay hard. They were almost ready to go meet her. 

Kelly drove her little sports car into the parking lot and took a deep breath. Why on earth was she so nervous this was a piece of cake? But somewhere inside her she knew this would be different. She really liked these two people and she wanted it to go so well for both of them. She wanted this new experience to be one that Ann would never forget and would want to carry out again even if it were with someone else. 

She got out of the car and went into the restaurant at the Inn. She had brought an overnight bag but decided to leave in the car just in case things didn't work out. She checked the bar and the tables but didn't see either one of them so she took a seat at the bar and ordered a soda. No liquor for her tonight – she wanted all of her senses in good working order. Just then she heard her name called and her stomach did a flip-flop. There they were and the night had begun. She walked over and gave them both a big hug, which was returned in full measure. Ann was beautiful and very sensual just as Kelly knew she would be. She had seen a few photos but they never do anyone justice. She looked at Frank and smiled, it had been some time sense Kelly had seen Frank in the flesh and he looked better than ever. Her groan instantly started flowing and she had to squeeze her legs together for the fear that her juices would run down her leg. Needless to say she still found him very attractive. 

Dinner had been light and the conversation had a nervous laughter. The food was delicious and the staff very attentive. Somehow none of them had their minds on dinner. After they finished eating the tension grew even more. Finally Frank suggested they go up the room and get comfortable. They all laughed. The room was a very nice it was very large with a great view of the mountains. There was one large bed that seemed to dominate the entire room. Kelly took a chair and looked around and was impressed with the room. She couldn't believe she was still this nervous. Ann offered her a glass of wine and she decided that it might not be such a bad idea. Ann poured and Frank offered a toast to the two lovely ladies. This time the laughter was genuine and seemed to ease the tension some. 

After a few drinks things became lighter and the conversation seemed to flow and everyone was becoming less nervous. Kelly decided to ask Ann why she wanted this so much. How do you explain things like that? Ann stated that it had been a fantasy of hers for a long time but she was always too afraid to follow through on it. As the years passed the need to feel the touch of another woman just seemed to get stronger and more intense. Then when she had met Frank and learned that it was ok to open up and discuss her deepest desires without judgment. Frank had encouraged Ann to explore her sexuality and that it was ok to look outside of the box. Kelly had to laugh because she remembered the things she had done with Frank for the first time and told Ann that she knew exactly what she meant. It was obviously that Ann was becoming comfortable with her own sexuality and open to trying new things. As they talked George sat on the bed next to Ann. He began to rub her back and without even thinking about it Ann’s body moved to his rhythm. Kelly watched the comfortable exchange between them and it helped her relax some. 

Frank’s hand moved down Anne’s arm and then up to her shoulder. Slowly he moved down to her breasts and cupped them in his hand. Anne sat up a little straighter. Kelly found this movement so sensual. It pulled at something in her that made her want to be part of their lovemaking. Anne began to unbutton her blouse and Frank slipped it over her shoulders and let it fall to the bed. She had beautiful breasts, hidden only slightly beneath her sheer bra. Her nipples were already hard and her breathing a little more shallow. Kelly's desire grew. Slowly Frank traced the outline of her nipples with his finger as his tongue licked her neck and down her shoulders…stopping occasionally to nibble at her soft skin. Kelly had on a dress that buttoned down the front with no panties and now she wanted to touch herself so badly. She began to unbutton her dress from the bottom up and let it fall to the side, revealing her secret place. Anne watched Kelly so intently, looking into her eyes to see what was there. She saw them grow heavy with desire and it only heightened her need. Frank had removed her bra and Anne's breasts rose and fell with her breathing. Frank wanted to suck on those lovely nipples but he also wanted Kelly to see how lovely Anne was. It was working for all of them. 

Anne's hand reached over to unzip Frank's pants and allow his growing erection to be released. Kelly's eyes moved from Anne to Frank – a veritable feast for the senses. Slowly Anne began to massage Frank's engorged member while he sucked on her nipples. His hand moved up Anne's thigh, sliding her skirt up and revealing that she too wore no panties. Kelly could stand it no longer. She moved her hand over her hot and very wet pussy, rubbing her clit, inserting her fingers into her own wetness. Frank laid Anne back on the bed and slowly removed her skirt. He spread her legs ever so slightly and Anne's body shivered… so did Kelly's. His hands moved over Anne's body in soft easy circles. He turned his head and watched Kelly massaging her pussy and he was in heaven. He nodded his head only slightly to Kelly indicating that he would like for her to join them on the bed. Kelly's knees were so weak from desire that she wasn't sure she could move. Frank sensed her hesitation and went over to her. He took her by the hand and lifted her out of the chair, taking her over to the bed. He placed her hand on one of Anne's breasts and that was all it took. The invitation was accepted. 

Frank continued to stroke Anne's legs and pussy and Kelly took one of Anne's nipples in her mouth. She sucked so gently and then flicked her tongue over the hard nipples. With her hands she fondled Anne's other breast, ever so slightly pinching the nipple and feeling it grow even harder. Anne reached up and put her hand behind Kelly's head, pulling her to herself. Kelly could not resist the urge to kiss those soft lips and the two women kissed as only women do – with a tenderness born out of knowing a like spirit. Frank moved down to kiss Anne as well, but he was kissing other lips – lips that were swollen with desire. His tongue moved along that tender clit as Kelly's tongue softly traced the outline of Anne's mouth. Frank knew Anne so well and he felt the explosion so close. He wanted Kelly to be the one to bring it about. He moved up to the two women and kissed each of them gently then said to Kelly, "You do this for her please." Kelly looked into Anne's eyes and knew it was okay. She slid her body down, touching both Anne and Frank as she moved closer to that sweet juice. Her body was on fire and her pussy was so wet and hot. She wanted to taste this beautiful woman, to bring her pleasures beyond measure. 

Her fingers gently spread Anne's outer lips so that she could have full access to her clit and all of her juices. Anne was so wet and Kelly licked up all of the juice she could. Now she went to that bud that waited for her mouth, her tongue. She flicked her tongue across it ever so lightly and felt Anne tremble. Then slowly she guided her tongue up and down each side of her clit, massaging it with each stroke. Anne was trying so hard to hold back. She sensations were incredible and she didn't want them to end. She knew now that she was right – a woman's touch was different. It wasn't better than a man's only different. It was knowing the amount of pressure to use because you were a woman, knowing what would bring you up to the highest peak but then bring you back down just enough to keep you from cumin. Kelly flattened out her tongue and slid it from Anne's pussy up over her clit and then down again several times. Kelly glanced up to see Frank watching every movement as he played with Anne's nipples. His erection was as hard as blue steel. She could feel Anne so close to cumin and she couldn't prolong it anymore. She sucked that needy clit into her mouth and flicked her tongue over it even as she sucked. It was the end…Anne exploded into an incredible orgasm, her body shaking all over, and her hips moving back and forth. Kelly continued to suck until Anne could take no more – then Kelly proceeded to lick all of those luscious juices from her. She decreased the pressure but softly kissed the throbbing clit. Then she put her hand over Anne's pussy and used just enough pressure, rocking her hand back and forth to bring about those aftershocks that are so nice. She did this until Anne began to relax and her breathing slowed. 

No one said a word. It wasn't necessary. The reality had been as good as the fantasy…but it wasn't over. Anne pulled herself up then moved to take Frank's hard cock into her mouth. She took all of it in as her fingers massaged his balls. Kelly watched in wonder at this marvelous sight. Anne let his cock slide out of her mouth as her tongue worked its way up the shaft of that blue steel. When she got to the head she made little circles around it with her tongue, all the while pumping it gently with her hand. Frank groaned as the wonder of having his cock sucked and being watched by another woman overwhelmed him. Kelly began to play with her own wetness. Watching this was such a pleasure for her. Frank reached over and slid two fingers into Kelly's pussy as she twirled her fingers around and around her clit, such pleasure for all of them. Watching Anne deep-throat Frank was almost enough to bring her to orgasm but she held back. She saw Anne watching her and it made the hunger grow for her pussy to be eaten by this woman. As if she sensed Kelly's thoughts, Anne reached over and laid her on her back. She would not let this fantasy be incomplete she wanted all of it. She ran her fingertips up Kelly's legs, over her belly and to her breasts. She loved the feel of a woman. Her skin was different from a man's, the feeling of her so new. With Kelly on her back, Anne straddled her and dove into what she had been wanting for so long. Oh the bliss…this was all she hoped it would be. She had tasted her own juices so many times but this was heaven. She loved the feel of the soft skin that surrounded Kelly's clit. She loved the little shock waves she felt go through Kelly's body each time her tongue passed over her clit and then lingered, barely moving back and forth. 

Anne felt Frank move behind her and insert his hardness into her. Could this be any better? Tasting a woman and being fucked by her man. Each time Frank thrust into her it made her head move deeper into Kelly's pussy. Finally she started to suck on that clit, to lick it as she had felt Kelly do, to do to Kelly all those things she loved as a woman. Kelly reached up and massaged Anne's clit as George's cock dove in and out of her pussy. Kelly thought she could not stand another minute. This was more than she had hoped for. She couldn't believe this woman had never done this before. It was as if she were meant not only to be fucked by a man and to suck his cock, but also to lick and suck a woman until she came. And cum she did… Kelly came repeatedly as Anne sucked and licked her and at the same time watching Frank's cock move in and out of that wet pussy. She pulled a pillow under her head to she could reach Anne's pussy with her mouth. She used her tongue on Anne and on Frank's cock but all the while she was shuddering from the orgasms that had started. Anne did not stop; she continued to suck Kelly's juices from her and then to play with her clit. She tongue fucked her until Kelly thought she could cum no more. All at once it happened, the three of them reached a peak at the same time. Frank pumped his hardness in and out of Anne faster and deeper while the women ate each other's pussies. All three of them came together in a rapturous orgasm. 

The heat in the room was almost stifling as they lay on the bed totally spent. Anne rose up on one arm and looked at Kelly as she lay there panting. "Thanks for making this fantasy a reality for me and bent over Kelly and placed a soft tender kiss on her lips. You are wonderful Kelly said to Anne as Anne laid her body next to Kelly’s. Frank smiles at the both of them knowing this wouldn't be the last time…not tonight or for a long time to come.