 A couple of days after my weekend with Kate, I was in the back of the house, finishing up some yard work, when Liz, Adrienne's oldest daughter, walked in the yard with her friend Alexis, or Alex as she was known.

"Hi ladies," I said as I looked over their bodies, glad that I was wearing dark sunglasses. Liz was about 5' 3", with a slim body that she kept in shape by swimming on her college team. With her long, shiny black hair, she looked like a younger version of her mother. She was incredibly beautiful. As I overheard my son tell a friend of his, after meeting her, "She's not hot. She's FUCKING hot!"

Alex was about an inch or so shorter, also dark-haired, and carried a couple more pounds than Liz, but she was still gorgeous. She also was a swimmer, with an equally toned body. Both girls would be any college boys walking wet dream.

Both girls were wearing bikini tops with short skirts and flip-flops, making it very difficult for me to keep my composure. 

"Hi," Liz responded. "We're bored. My mom is out on the town for the evening with Kate, so we thought we'd come over here and visit. What are you doing?

Trying to get the thought of Adrienne and Kate, two women that I've slept with in the past week, out on the town together out of my mind, and at the same time wondering why these two girls wanted to come over here and visit, I explained that I was just doing some landscaping..

"Cool," she responded. "So you're not really doing anything important?"

"No, not really," I told her. "Why? What's up?"

"Well, we could use a man's opinion on something," Liz told me.

"Ok," I responded, putting down the lawn tools. "What do you want to know?"

Before she could answer, we heard some yelling coming from next door. Mary Beth and her husband were having yet another argument. It seemed like they were fighting almost every day, and getting louder each time.

"I could go for a drink, inside" I told the girls. "Would you like one?"

"That sounds great," Liz answered. "It IS getting kind of hot out here."

I led the girls into the house, and sat them down in the living room as I made them a couple of Margaritas.

"So, what can I do for you ladies?" I asked as I sat down with my beer.

They looked at each other, and after a couple of seconds, Liz asked me, "Do you think that Alex is pretty?"

"Alex is beautiful," I answered. "You are both two of the most beautiful, younger women I have seen around here."

"Why would you ask something like that?" I asked, wondering more specifically why they were asking ME that.

Alex started crying, and Liz put her arm around her to comfort her. "Her boyfriend just dumped her, because he said that she wasn't hot enough for her. He also said ..."

Alex shot her hand out and said "No!" sharply to Liz, and Liz stopped talking.

"What?" I asked. "Is he blind, dumb, or gay?"

They both laughed, and I actually saw a small smile come to Alex's face.

"Well, he's certainly not that smart," Liz answered.

"Obviously," I responded.

We continued to sit and drink for another few minutes, until both girls had drained their glasses.

"Would you care for another?" I asked, as I stood.

They both said yes, so I went back to the kitchen and made another batch for them, and grabbed another beer for myself. 

We continued to sit and talk for a couple of minutes, and I soon had Alex smiling and laughing again as I reassured her that it was her ex-boyfriend who was the problem, and not her. Before I could finish my beer, both girls held up empty glasses.

"These were good," Liz said. "Can you make us some more?"

"Sure," I said, as I stood. 

As I took their glasses, Liz asked, "Why don't you make a pitcher? It will probably make things easier for you."

"I can do that," I told her, and I went off to do just that.

"I'll help you," Liz said, standing and following me into the kitchen.

"Um, OK" I responded, wondering why she would suddenly want to help me with something that I had been doing by my self earlier.

"You've had a busy week so far, haven't you?" Liz asked as we were in the kitchen, mixing the drinks. 

"How do you mean?" I asked.

"Don't play dumb with me," Liz responded, hands on her hips, and a smile on her face. "I know that you're the reason that my mother and Kate have been walking around with their heads in the clouds and smiles on their faces the last couple of days."

"I don't know what you're talking about," I tried to tell her.

"Bullshit," Liz responded bluntly. 

"Excuse me?" I asked, trying to sound firm. 

"Do you think that I can't put two and two together?" she asked, getting cocky. "They both spend an evening with you, and then, the next day, they're walking around like blissed-out zombies. Just because I'm young, doesn't mean I'm stupid."

Looking her in the eyes, I knew that there was something else that she wasn't telling me, and my first thought was that she had seen me with both women. I remembered hearing noises coming from the bushes both times, but at first, I wrote it off as a critter. Now I was starting to have second thoughts.

"What are you getting at?" I asked, trying to see what she knew, or thought she knew.

"I'm getting at the fact that you fucked both my mother and Kate, and it must have been one of the best fucks either of them has had, from the way they acted the next day," she responded bluntly. "You must be damn good with your tongue, and really know how to use your cock!"

"I really don't think that my sex life, or that of your mother or your neighbor, is any of your business," I told her, again trying to sound firm.

"Hey, I'm not judging any of you," she responded. "Hell, if anything, I'm happy for my mom and Kate. Maybe even a little jealous, to tell the truth. No guy as ever had that effect on me!"

"So what is it you're getting at?" I asked. 

"I want you to fuck Alex," Liz told me bluntly. "Her asshole ex-boyfriend couldn't appreciate her, and from what she said, wasn't even able to make her cum. She should know what a real man can do, instead of some tiny-dicked jerk like him."

"You want me to seduce your friend?" I asked, shocked.

"No, I want you to fuck her," she answered. "Today. After this drink, she should be nice and ready. She's already told me that she thinks that you're hot, so it shouldn't be too hard to do. The best part, for both of us, is that I'll even help you."

"You're going to help me seduce Alex?" I asked. I was becoming more shocked, and disbelieving, by the second now.

"Well, I know Alex well enough to know the best way to soften her up," Liz said. "Just follow me. I'll lead things along, and then I'll say that I'm running home for a second. That's when you make your move."

I laughed, and said, "And you think that it will be that easy, huh?"

"Trust me," she replied bluntly. 

"How long will you be gone," I asked, not believing that I was actually thinking about going along with her crazy idea.

"Oh, I'll only be gone for a minute or so," she told me. "But I'm going to sneak back in quietly, and just watch."

I laughed loudly this time. "So you're not only going to set the two of us up, but then you want to stand in the doorway and watch?"

"Don't worry," she answered. "I'll only be in hiding until you get things going. Then I'm just going to walk in, sit down, and enjoy myself while I watch the two of you."

"And you don't think that Alex is going to be just a bit freaked, with you sitting there, 'enjoying yourself', while we go at it?" I asked.

"No, she'll freak," Liz said with a naughty smile, "but in a good way. The last time we got drunk together, she told me that her biggest fantasy was to have her brains fucked out while someone else watched. We are going to give her that fantasy."

I looked at her like she had lost her mind, but at the same time, thinking that this might just work. 

Liz smiled at me, and said simply, "Trust me. Now, let me go in there and start on her, and then you follow me in a couple of minutes."

With that, she turned and walked back into the living room, shaking her ass at me as she left the room. 

When I returned a couple of minutes later, the girls were whispering to each other, and Alex was giggling and blushing. I set the pitcher down in front of them and let them pour their own as I sat back down..

"What's so funny?" I asked as I handed them their drinks.

"Oh, nothing," they both replied.

"Well, you stopped talking as soon as I walked in," I replied. "If I were paranoid, I might think that you were talking about me."

"Maybe we were," Liz answered, and both girls giggled again.

"Well, just be careful girls, you know what they say," I teased them. "Most women are only a half bottle of Tequila away from getting naked, or having a lesbian experience."

The girls looked at each other and laughed. "Hell, it doesn't take that much for some of us," Alex said, laughing.

"And you know this from experience?" I asked.

They looked at each other again, and they both replied, "Maybe."

Speechless, I just sat there with a smile, as I envisioned these two women enjoying themselves, and each other. Finally, after a couple of minutes, Liz got up and excused herself.

"I have to run home for a few minutes," she explained. "I have to check on something before my mom gets home."

"You're going to leave us here alone?" Alex asked.

"Of course," Liz responded. "I can trust you two alone, can't I?"

As Alex blushed, I told Liz, "No promises. After a couple of drinks, alone with a beautiful woman ..."

Liz laughed, and Alex looked at me and smiled.

When we heard the door shut behind Liz, Alex looked at me and asked, "Do you really think that I'm beautiful, or were you just being nice?" 

"I told you before, you are one of the most beautiful women that I've seen," I replied.

Looking at me, Alex blushed. She then looked down, and said softly, "Thank you."

"Honestly, if I was closer to your age, you wouldn't be safe right now, knowing that you were single again," I said softly.

"What does age have to do with anything?" she asked as she walked over to where I was sitting.

"Now, why would a beautiful woman your age want to have anything to do with a man my age?" I replied, as she sat next to me.

"Because you probably know more about pleasing a woman than any guy my age," Alex said softly as she looked into my eyes.

"You think so, huh?" I asked, teasing her.

She looked at me and then stood. Standing in front of me, she slowly reached behind her neck and untied her bikini top, letting it drop to her chest.

"Are you going to try and tell me that you don't know what to do with these?" she asked, as she cupped and squeezed her breasts.

I just smiled as I sat back, enjoying Alex's display.

She untied the rest of her bikini top and let it fall to the floor, and then reached back and lowered the zipper on her mini-skirt. 

Letting the skirt drop to the floor, she stepped out of it wearing only a ping thong. Staring at me, she slowly ran her hand over her panty-covered mound. "And are you going to tell me that you don't know what to do with this, either?" she asked, her voice lower and softer.

"Oh, I not only know what to do with them, I know how to do it," I told her as I gazed at her full, perky tits and the rest of her firm body.

"That's what I'm counting on," she said, as she continued to slide her hand over her thinly covered mound as she slowly walked towards where I was sitting.

Standing, I took her in my arms and softly kissed her. As she wrapped her arms around me, she let out a soft moan, and I slowly turned us around.

With her back to the chair that I was just in, I softly pushed Alex, until she was seated. Her breathing was getting heavier, and I smiled at her as I knelt on the floor between her legs.

Looking her in the eye, I took one of her legs in my hands and gently kissed her ankle. Alex moaned softly and sank back into the chair, sliding herself forward.

Marveling to myself at the firmness of her leg, I slowly started to kiss my way up it's length, as I slid a hand along the other one, matching the progress of my lips.

"Ohh!" she gasped, as I quickly flicked my tongue at the back of her knee, and continued up her firm, taut inner thigh.

I could almost feel the heat radiating from her pussy as I reached the top of her leg, and I placed that leg over my shoulder as I started to kiss the inner thigh on her other leg.

With every kiss, Alex was moaning more, and breathing heavier. Finally, I decided to stop teasing her, and I pushed her legs back towards her chest. As her hips moved, her thong slid over to the side, and her wet pussy was exposed. 

I sat back on my heels for a second, enjoying the view of her bald pussy lips, already spreading open, with just a "landing strip" of hair above.

Looking up at her from between her legs, I leaned in to her and placed a kiss just above her open pussy lips. I could smell her musk as I planted my lips, and she moaned loudly.

I pulled back slightly, stuck out my tongue, and slowly dragged it up the length of her glistening slit, from the top of her seeping hole to her clit.

"Oh, yeah!" she gasped, as my tongue passed over her hard little bud.

She reached down and held her legs in place as I slowly slid my tongue around her pussy, looking for her most sensitive spots.

Soon, as I flicked my tongue along the right side of her clit shaft, Alex let out a long, low moan.

"Oh yeah!" she gasped as I started to concentrate on that spot, slowly and lightly sliding my flattened tongue up and down, occasionally flicking the end of my tongue across the tip of her clit.

Her breathing was getting heavier, and her hips were starting to move more as I continued to slowly bring her to orgasm. I stopped licking her for a second, reached up to the top of her wet pussy lips and spread them open wide. I wrapped my lips around her clit, and started to gently suck on it. 

"Oh my god!" she exclaimed as I softly pulled on her clit with my lips, while I flicked my tongue across it. "Oh yeah! That's so good!"

While I was sucking on her clit, I slid my fingers back down, and started to tease the opening to her pussy, which was now flowing with her juices.

She let out a soft, low moan as I wiggled my finger just at the rim of her wet hole. Alex started to move her hips forward, to get more of my finger into her pussy, but I continued to tease her with only the tip.

I started to slowly slide my flattened tongue along one side of her clit shaft while my finger inched it's way into her hole, which was soaked with her juices.

I started to quicken my pace as I added a second finger to her pussy and slowly slid them in further. 

Alex gasped as my tongue flicked along the sides of her clit, occasionally crossing the tip, and I began to slide my fingers in and out of her wet pussy faster.

"Oh my god!" she moaned in a high pitch, as I slid the pads of my fingers along the top wall of her pussy, reaching in deep behind her pelvic bone.

It didn't take long before she started bucking her hips again, faster this time. Her hands reached down and grasped my head, pulling me in tighter, then dropped down to the seat cushion, then up to the arm of the chair, gripping it tightly.

"Oh! Ohh! Ohhhhh!" she started moaning, her hips moving faster now.

"Oh my god! Yes! I'm gonna cum!" she yelled.

I felt her pussy clamping down on my fingers, and I buried them deep inside her wet hole, her juices flowing over my hand. As I alternated pressure with my fingers, I slowed my tongue back down , and Alex reached down and grabbed my head again, holding on tight.

"Oh shit!" she exclaimed. "Oh yes! I'm cumming! Oh yesssss!"

Her body started shaking and jumping, and suddenly a surge of fluid exploded from her tight hole, soaking my hand, wrist, and face.

"Oh my god!" she screamed, as her body continued to shake.

I slowed my pace down until she stopped shaking, and Alex's body relaxed and slumped into the chair. 

Her body jumped as I continued to slide my tongue along her pussy lips, licking up her juices. Finally, she pushed me back and told me I had to stop. 

"I can't take anymore," she gasped. "I'm too sensitive right now. That was fucking incredible!"

I smiled as I sat back on my heels, and I saw Liz standing in the doorway, watching us. When she saw me looking at her, she raised her finger to her lips, motioning for me not to say anything, and I saw her finger glistening with wetness.

As Alex recovered from her orgasm, she stood in front of me. "Now it's my turn," she said, reaching down for me. 

As I stood, she turned me around and had me sit in the chair. Sitting in my lap facing me, she saw all of her juices coating my face.

"Oh my god!" she whispered. "Did I do all that?"

"Yep," I answered with a smile, licking my lips. "You squirted all over me."

"Damn!" she gasped. "I've never done that before."

"Well, I'm glad that I could get you to do it," I told her.

Alex leaned in and kissed me, and whispered in my ear, "Thank you for proving me right. You DO know more about pleasing me than any guy my age."

"It was all my pleasure," I assured her.

"No, not ALL of it was YOUR pleasure," she said.

She leaned in and started kissing around my face, and I felt her tongue licking up her juices.

"Mmm," she said softly. "I taste pretty good on your face."

Without saying another word, Alex slid off of my lap and knelt between my legs.

I started to pull my shirt over my head as she began to unbutton my pants and lower my zipper.

When she had my pants open, she slid her fingers into the top of my boxers, and started pulling them both down.

"Oh my god!" she whispered, as my hard cock sprung free. "You're huge!"

Alex reached up and tried to wrap her fingers around my shaft, and I smiled when she realized that she couldn't get them completely around it.

She slowly started to stroke my hard cock, never taking her eyes off of it, when I heard Liz behind me.

"Oh my god!" she exclaimed, startling Alex. "No wonder my mom and Kate were so happy! Look at that thing!"

Alex jumped when she heard Liz's voice, but never stopped stroking me. "How long have you been here?" she asked, smiling.

"Long enough to know that this guy must have an incredible tongue," Liz answered. "You've never squirted for me!"

"I've never squirted before, period!" Alex responded. "Now, why don't you sit down and watch, while I repay this man for sharing his talent."

Liz smiled as she walked across the floor, and Alex leaned in to me, slowly stuck out her tongue, and dragged it up the length of my stiff shaft, starting at my balls, and ending up at the head of my cock.

When she reached my head, Alex held firmly on to the base of my cock and wrapped her lips around the head. As she started to slowly stroke up and down on my shaft, she sucked on the head, flicking her tongue across the very tip.

As I sat back and moaned my enjoyment, I watched as Liz started undressing. She shook her long black hair free and untied her bikini top, letting her firm tits free. 

While she didn't have her mother's chest size, her aureole were just as big, with the same thumb-sized nipple sticking out of the center.

Alex started sliding her lips down over my cock, continuing to stroke me, as I moaned again.

"Oh yeah, baby, that feels nice!" I told her as her head started to bob up and down. 

When she started to take me in as deep as she could, holding her head still and moaning her pleasure, I started to think that her now-ex boyfriend must have been a real idiot. For a girl that claimed to have been with only a couple of guys, she had a lot of skills!

I reached out and held her head down on my cock as I looked over at Liz, who continued to watch us. 
