 They had known each other for years. They went to the same college, the same parties, and as time went on they got closer. 

The four of them started out as 4 separate individuals, and over the years they became two couples.

Haley and Jonah were the wild ones. They had been married for 13 years, by this time, and no one could deny that they were great together. Jaylynne and Harry were more conservative. They often boasted that they kept the other two in line. They were a great couple, but it had taken them longer to get things together than their friends, and they were only in their 2nd year of marriage.

Tonight was a monumental one, of sorts. The boys had started their own business a few years ago, but only yesterday they had gotten their first big break. 

The four of them were supposed to have dinner and drinks at their favorite place and then go back to the office for more celebrations.

The girls were very proud of their men and wanted this night to be extra special. They had been talking about it for years. Just the normal drunken jokes back and forth, but they both harbored a deep fantasy. Something that the men in their lives would be very embarrassed to talk about.

They sat down at dinner, just like any other night, and talk of the impending fortune to be made hastily became the topic of discussion. The guys didn't even notice when Jaylynne ordered the champagne.

Dinner was just as good as it has always been, but with the added haze of champagne, the boys decided that dessert was in order. They ordered the night's special, and raised their glasses again to their success. When the fondue style dessert arrived at the table, they were on their second bottle of the very expensive champagne. They had never had the taste for champagne before tonight. They had always stuck to the traditional Jack and Coke for the guys and the girls rotated with whatever vodka martini they favored at the moment, but tonight was different. Tonight was all about celebrations. 

New beginnings.

Soon they were full of chocolate covered fruit and their 3rd empty bottle of champagne had been taken minutes ago by the waiter, who looked rather annoyed. 

They decided that it would be best to take the party back to the office.

When they walked in, the building was deserted and the familiar twinkle of the florescent lights above their heads was a welcome brightness after the dimly lit restaurant. Harry went around his desk and brought out 4 glasses and a sniffer of brandy and poured each of them a measure of the dark red liquid, and then held up his own and toasted to life long friends.

They all drank deeply, savoring the rich and bitter taste.

"Where did you get this stuff?" Haley asked with a distinct look of curiosity on her incredibly beautiful face.

"I got it from our new client as a show of good things to come" Harry said taking another draw from his glass.

"Well," Jaylynne said smirking, "To good things to come." With that they each raised their glasses and drained what was left in their glasses.

Jonah refilled everyone's glasses and sat the cravat back on Harry's desk. 

Harry and Jonah went off in search of music and comfortable chairs, and left the girls alone in Harry's office.

"Well, this is it." Haley said, "You, sure you're up for this?"

Jaylynne looked her best friend right in the eyes and smiled, her eyes sparkled with a mischievous glint that Haley had never seen. "I have been waiting on this for a long time; there is no way I am backing out now."

Just then they heard the music. The guys had turned on the stereo and were on their way back.

Haley took the lead. She put her glass down and moved closer to Jaylynne.

Jaylynne was beautiful. She had a great body, and she had always looked much younger than Haley even though they were the same age. She was beautiful so naturally that even she didn't notice most of the time. Her short brown hair teased her facial features and brought out her large green eyes. She was very slender every where except her breasts. She said that she hated them most of the time, but tonight they were on display in her low cut dress. Every inch of her skin glowed and shimmered. Her long bare legs looked even longer in her stilettos.

When Haley moved across the room toward her friend, she moved with confidence. This was not the first time that she had thought of this day, and she didn't want to waste anytime by being bashful. She pushed her long red curls out of her face and she moved in to kiss Jaylynne.

The moment that Haley's glossy red lips touched Jaylynne's pursed lips, all of their hesitations melted away. They slowly deepened the kiss, tasting each other for the first time. As the kiss grew more heated Jaylynne moved her limp hands to Haley's waist and pulled her closer. Haley's mind was racing behind her closed eyes, and her hands were now simultaneously unzipping Jaylynn's dress and gripping her hair, deepening the kiss with every second.

When Jonah and Harry reached his office door, Haley and Jaylynne were undressing each other as they stayed connected at the lips. 

Harry looked embarrassed but as he went to announce their presents Jonah stopped him. Jonah put his fingers to his lips and looked back at the girls.

Jonah couldn't believe it. Sure he and Haley had talked about it, and he had never denied how hot it would be, but he had never thought that this would ever happen. Him standing here, watching his wife make out with one of their best friends. It was extremely erotic.

Harry could feel himself hardening in his slacks and he knew he wouldn't be able to hide it for long, but still, he had no idea what to do. Was he supposed to just stand back and watch? Was he supposed to join in? And what would Jonah do? He was starting to freak out when the girls finally noticed that they were in the room.

Haley just smiled, as she walked over to Jonah. "So, I hear that you fixed the music situation..."

"Yeah, it wasn't too hard. Looks like you girls kept busy while we were away." He said returning her wry smile with his own.

Jaylynne was stunned and unsure of what to say and more unsure that she would collapse if she tried to move. She tried to adjust her dress as Harry walked toward her, but it was only barely there when zipped and the more she fussed with it, the more skin she showed.

The fact that the two women had stopped kissing had no bearing on his now rock hard cock. He tried to hide it as he walked toward her, but ever time she tried to hide herself the more she showed and all he could think of was that he wanted to touch her.

He didn't say a word as he stepped in front of her and wrapped his arms around her. He kissed her passionately and she lost hold of her dress and it pooled at her feet. He didn't notice, or didn't care, because he just kept right on kissing her. His hands roamed all over her body, cupping her ass in his hands and teasing her nipples with his fingers. When his fingers finally grazed over the crotch of her lace thong he could feel her wetness. 

Haley was surprised at the ease of Harry's movements. She had thought that it would take much more to convince him. She was admiring Harry's visible hard on when Jonah kissed her neck from behind. He knew that would get her attention and he was right, she spun around and greeted his smiling lips with a heavy kiss. When she came up for air he smiled again as he unzipped her dress and let it fall to the floor. 

There they stood, each involved in their significant other, barely noticing that there were others in the room. They went on like this for a few minutes, and by the time that they realized that there was more on the horizon, they were all standing naked, clawing and suckling whatever they could get there hands on.

Jaylynne noticed Haley first. Haley had been pushed into a rolling chair and now had her legs spread wide as Jonah was licking and sucking on her pussy. Jonah had been thorough about removing her clothes and the only thing that remained on Haley's body was her high heeled sandals and her diamond necklace. A cascade of red curls spilled over her large supple breasts covering her nipples from view. Jaylynne could see her hips moving uncontrollably as Jonah continued on. 

Harry had stopped to watch as well. Haley looked so incredibly sexy. He could tell that she was going to climax, and he wanted to be a part of it. But how? His hard on had not waned in the slightest, and he wanted to fuck. He longed to feel the warm tight flesh around his cock. 

Harry was still watching when Haley opened her eyes and saw him stroking his long hard dick. She winked at him and Harry instantly flushed. Jonah was fingering her ass and pussy now as he teased her clit with his tongue and she was on the edge. 

Jaylynne had seen Haley wink at Harry and she was tired of waiting. She decided to use the wink as an invitation. She moved closer to Haley and Jonah, leaving Harry staring aghast, and when she reached them she leaned over and stifled Haley's moans with her mouth. As they kissed Jonah finally looked up from his task and noticed that Jaylynne's firm ass was directly in his face. He looked over he shoulder and motioned for harry to join them. He looked back to Jaylynne's perfect ass and lightly smacked it. It got her attention, but she didn't take her lips away from Haley's, instead she spread her legs, putting her luscious pink twat on display. He continued to finger fuck his wife as he tasted Jaylynne for the first time. She was already wet, and her moist lips tasted sweet on his tongue. Haley was now moaning and he knew that she wanted to be fucked, but the sweet nectar on his lips was something he wanted to explore more, and he didn't have a second thought as Harry moved in to take over for him. 

Jaylynne had begun to tremble as she moved from Haley's lips down to suckle on her nipples. Jonah was just as good as Haley had always boasted, and she wanted nothing to interrupt her growing orgasm. 

Haley could tell what was on Harry mind and it was exactly what she wanted, but he still seemed hesitant. She would have to take control. She leaned forward so that Harry's cock was right in her face and she grabbed him and moved him closer, and then she took it into her mouth. He gasped and slowly began to relax as he watched Haley take all of him deep into her mouth. He glanced over at his wife who was now bent over the chair, moaning and grinding her ass into Jonah's face. 

God, all of this is so weird, Harry thought, but it didn't last long, because Haley was now attacking his cock with her mouth, teasing the head of his penis with her tongue and playing with balls. He could no longer think of anything other than the growing need to fuck her. She continued to take him deep in her mouth grabbing his ass, pulling him in deeper and deeper. He was going to explode, and his gaze kept going from Haley's talented mouth to his wife's dripping twat. He pulled back and Haley looked up at him. She knew what he wanted, and she wanted it too. She got up from her chair and guided him over to his desk. He followed her intently staring at her voluptuous ass as she sauntered. When she got to the desk she asked him how he wanted her. Such a simple question, but instead of answering her, he just turned her around and bent her over the desk. She obligingly bent over the desk and presented her throbbing pussy, he entered her with such force that she thought that she might scream, but nothing came out. He pounded her sopping wet twat over and over. She could feel herself peaking with every thrust. He was hitting her g-spot with amazing accuracy and she greeted each trust with one of her own. He knew that he would be done soon and that was not a part of the plan. He reached around her and started tweaking her erect nipples and with his other hand he played with her clit. He could feel her pussy tightening around him and it was taking every ounce of control that he had not to blow his load. When her orgasm came, she screamed out his name, and her twat throbbed around him.

The scream overpowered Jaylynn's senses and sent her over the edge. She writhed trying her best to stay on her feet and Jonah continued to finger her ass as he sucked on her clit. Her juices poured over his face. 

Jonah cleaned her up with his mouth, as she trembled with pleasure. He was on his knees and his cock was aching for some attention.

The orgasm was too much for Jaylynne to bear, she was going to fall if she didn't get off her feet, so finally she turned around and caught sight of Jonah's long thick cock for the first time. The smile came to her lips before she could think of anything else and Jonah saw it immediately, and returned her smile. Using the toe of her four inch stiletto she pushed him on his ass. He was leaning up on his elbows when she stepped over him. He could see that she was going to mount him, and he was more than ready. She slowly lowered herself over him staying on her feet. She teased him by keeping herself hovering right above the head of his cock. He had been waiting too long so he brought his hips up and entered her wet slit quickly and she through her head back and moaned as he filled her.

Haley was still recovering from her orgasm when she noticed Jaylynne riding Jonah, but the sight of them made her juices flow again. She took Harry by the hand and guided him over to the other two. Jonah smiled at the sight of his wife and lay down flat on the floor so that she could straddle his face. As Haley dropped to her knees over Jonah's face and he began to feast on her dripping pussy, Harry watched his wife as she impaled herself on Jonah's cock. He moved closer to her and grabbed her short brown hair and moved her mouth onto his waiting cock. Jaylynne continued to move up and down on Jonah as she sucked Harry's cock. 

Jonah's mind was racing as he ate his wife pussy while being fucked by Jaylynne and he knew that he wouldn't last much longer. He could feel Jaylynne's juices flow on his cock as she came and seconds later Haley came filling his mouth with her fragrant orgasm. He needed a change of pace, or he was going to explode.

Haley could see Jonah's body tensing up and she knew he wouldn't last much longer if they didn't change things up. She got to her feet and moved Harry away from Jaylynne. She wanted to taste her. She grabbed her hand and led her to the chair. Jaylynne fell into the chair, still reeling from her latest orgasm. Haley dropped to her knees and parted Jaylynn's legs and tasted her for the first time. She was already soaking wet from the night's previous events and the taste of her was amazing. She teased her swollen clit with her tongue, slowly flicking it across her lips and clit. She could hear Jaylynne's moans and she was getting wetter with every little sound. She was more than ready when she felt the cock enter her from behind. She didn't know who it was at first, but when Jonah came up beside Jaylynne presenting his cock to be sucked, she knew it was Harry behind her. Jaylynne was now sucking Jonah's dick as Haley ate her pussy veraciously. 

Haley could not have hoped for a better outcome. She was thoroughly enjoying herself as Harry fucked her and she ate out Jaylynne, but there was more to her fantasy. Could she pull it off? The instant that she looked at Jonah, she knew that she would be able to. 

Jonah knew that Haley had been waiting for this for a while and he knew what would put her over the edge. He motioned Harry to come and sit in the chair, and he did so with no argument. Harry moved the chair closer to Jaylynne's and Haley move her mouth from Jaylynne's now throbbing pussy to Harry's waiting hard on. As she sucked Harry's cock she fingered Jaylynne's pussy and ass. She was very intent on making them come at the same time, so much so that she didn't notice where Jonah had gone. Soon it was clear, because she felt him enter her ass moments later. He entered her slowly fingering her twat as he did so. She was so tight. He knew that he wouldn't last long, but he knew that she wouldn't either. She could feel it coming and she wanted them all to finish at the same time. She sucked and stroked Harry as she pounded Jaylynn's pussy with her other hand. She could feel Harry's balls tightening and knew that he was about to come. Jaylynne had become totally silent and her body was in a fit of tremors.

Jonah was at the end of his rope, and with one final thrust into Haley's ass he let loose the orgasm that he had been holding back. He tried not to cry out, but it was too much and he moaned loud as he emptied into her. Haley's pussy gushed over his fingers and onto the floor. Seconds later he saw Harry grip tighten on the arms of the chair, as he moaned, knowing that he was shooting his load into his wife's mouth. Jaylynne's orgasm was the last to come, but when it did it shook her entire body and she let out the deepest growl of a moan that Jonah had ever heard. 

They all collapsed where they were, too spent to speak. They all just lie there with their eyes closed and enjoyed the waves that were crashing through their bodies.

Needless to say, they all became much closer that night, and that first time led to many more nights of fun. 

They joked later about their odd relationship, but they were all glad at the way things had transpired. There was never any need for jealousy because they all shared equally, and everyone was well satisfied. They were now more inseparable than ever.