 "Chuck, are you almost done with those hors d'oeuvres?" Phyllis asked me.

Placing the last one on the plate I replied, "Yep, and I even have the drinks chilling."

Coming around the corner of our bedroom, Phyllis said, "Good everyone should be here soon."

Phyllis was wearing a black cocktail dress that ended in the middle of her thighs and framed her 36DD breast nicely. 

Sitting down on the couch to put her thigh-high stockings and heels with the ankle straps that I liked so much on she said, "I'm so excited that everyone R.S.V.P., aren't you?"

I was lost for a moment in watching her slide her stockings on her long freshly shaved legs that I didn't answer right away.

"Dear, did you hear me?" she said interrupting my daydream.

Nodding my head I said, "Yes, I'm excited to. I can't wait to get this party started.

She stood up from the couch and walked by me, stopping just long enough to give me a kiss on the cheek, before she went into the kitchen to pour herself a glass of wine. I turned my head to watch her shapely ass go by. 

Although I was 35 and she was ten years older than me, she still had a body of a 30 year old. I found myself getting a little erect just watching her, thinking about how many times I had her bent over fucking her deep and hard in the ass.

"I think this house warming party is what we needed to make our new house feel like a home," she said.

I told her "yes" and continued to get ready for the party.

About 30 minutes had past when our guest started to arrive at our new home.

There was Mark and Jill, Steve and Karen, John and Nancy and last but not least Mike and Sarah. 

All of them arrived on time and brought either bottles of wine or liquor as house warming gifts.

Mark was a friend from my college days. He stood 6' and weighed 195 pounds. He had neatly groomed short brown hair and spent a fair amount of time in the gym.

Mark's wife Jill was a cute blond, about 5'4" and only 100 pounds, but she had really nice curves to her body and her chest was a 34C.

Karen was Phyllis' friend from way back. They were the same age, but like Phyllis, she didn't look it. She was tall, 5'9" and about 135 pounds with red hair. She had the same size chest as my wife, 36DD and an incredible ass too.

Her husband Steve was a nice guy with salt and pepper hair and a posture that demanded attention. He was 5'11" and 180 pounds and had an intense look about him. I think Phyllis had mention he served in the Special Forces at one time.

John was another good friend of mine. We grew up together. He wasn't as tall or lean like the other men at the party, standing only 5'9" and he was kind of "frumpy", weighing about 190 pounds, but I knew one thing about him that most people didn't, he had a massive cock. The damn thing had to be at least a good 11 inches! 

We use to play baseball together and the first time he came walking into the shower I said to myself, he will make a girl happy one day.

As for John's wife Nancy, well what can I say? She should have been a model. She was young, stood 5'10" had a 36C chest, flawless skin and legs that went on forever. I even joked with Phyllis one time that I would "do" Nancy in front of her if she would let me.

Both Sarah and Mike were our neighbors from our old neighborhood.

Mike was a professional stuntman. He was 6'1" and weighted a good 210 pounds of solid muscles. He kept his head shaved and was an avid workout fiend. Although he looked like a type of person that would rip off your head and shit down your neck, he was a big pussy cat. He could be a little wild at times, but he was still a pussycat.

Sarah reminded me of Doris Day. You know what I mean, the type of lady that spends her days cooking, cleaning and would never marry a man like Mike. 

She was 5'5 about 115 pounds with short brown hair that was always neatly done and she had a 34C chest. Her make-up was done to perfection as well as her nails.

To be honest with you to see Mike and Sarah together was a bit of an enigma, but they say opposites attract.

Our new home had a scenic view of the L.A. basin and was nestled up in the hills, away from any other house. This was perfect for privacy, so as the night went on and if the music got louder we didn't have to worry about disturbing any of our neighbors.

The girls were busy, being given a tour of the house by Phyllis, and the guys and I were standing around drinking and talking about the Dodgers.

"So are you all having a good time?" I asked the guys.

"I'm having a blast!" Mark said.

"Me too," Steve replied.

"Can't complain here," John said before he took another sip of his drink.

Mike simple shrugged his shoulders, but for him that was a compliment. If he wasn't naked, on fire, riding a motorcycle at 100 M.P.H. he wasn't happy.

There was an awkward moment of silence when Mike broke it by saying, "Where did the ladies go? I know you got a big house and all but it isn't that big."

We all laughed at his corny joke but soon realized he was right.

Looking around the large living room I said, "You know you're right. It has been awhile since we've seen them. I wonder where they could be."

John said, "Maybe they are trying on each other's bras or something." 

All four of us looked at John like he just fell of the "short bus" for saying something like that and started to laugh at him.

"What? Ladies try on each other's bras, don't they?" He said trying to defend his comment.

I looked at him and said, "Uh...no they don't." I turned away from the guys and called out for Phyllis.

Phyllis called back from the master bedroom. "We will be out in just a minute sweetheart."

I faced the guys. "See, they are still on the tour. You know how predictable the ladies are." I said confidently.

I would soon be eating those words.

20 minute later the ladies came out of the master bedroom wearing lingerie. Nancy was wearing a purple corset with black thigh-highs and panties; Jill was wearing a blue lace baby doll nightie and white panties; Karen wore a silky red Camisole with a matching G-string; Sarah was strutting in a pink bustier, black thigh-highs and no panties; and Phyllis showed up last deck out in a leather corset dress and knee high boots.

Needless to say, all of us men jaws dropped and John even dropped his drink.

The ladies stood there, just staring at us for what seem like an eternity, when Mike said, "Now this is what I call a party!"

"Phyllis?" was all I could say.

Phyllis stepped up and said, "Boys, I need you all to sit down and relax. We are taking charge here."

Mike again was the only one to speak, "Yes ma'am." Then he quickly sat in a chair.

I looked around the room and realized I was the only one still standing. Each man had their own unique look on their face. Mike was revved up; John looked like he just fucked the neighbor's cat, Mark looked excited and even the normally stoic Steve had a smile on his face. I was beginning to feel like I was the only one that didn't know what was going on.

Phyllis looked over her shoulder and said, "Ladies."

With that one word all five ladies came to the center of the room and started to explore each other's bodies.

Phyllis looked over to us men and said, "You can watch for now, and if you behave we might let you play." Then she turned to Nancy and began to kiss her deeply.

There I was, sitting in my leather recliner confused and excited at the same time. Right in the middle of my living room I was watching my wife and four other sexy ladies kissing and caressing each other and I had no idea how or why this got started. But to tell you the truth, I didn't care at that moment. I just sat back and watched the show.

For a few minutes all five ladies took turns kissing and feeling each other's breasts but then broke into two groups.

Phyllis, Sarah and Nancy ended up on the floor, with Phyllis on her back. Nancy had found her way in between Phyllis' legs and was laying soft kisses on her inner thighs, while Sarah had straddled her head and lowered her pussy down to Phyllis' flicking tongue.

Karen and Jill were still standing and were kissing each other deeply. Both ladies had slipped a hand into their lover's panties and started to play with each other's pussy.

I could feel my cock grow hard in my slacks and I knew the other guys were probably just as hard as I was now.

"That's it, ride her tongue!" Mike yelled out.

Sarah looked over to Mike and said, "Sssh you, another outburst like that and I won't let you play!"

Mike lowered his head and didn't say another word.

I watched Phyllis grab onto Sarah's hips and lift her head up so she could get more of her tongue into her pussy. I could tell that Phyllis was doing a good job because Sarah's eyes closed and she started to breathe harder.

Nancy now had her face buried deep in-between Phyllis' legs and I could hear Nancy making soft moaning sounds. I could also her Nancy's tongue make wet lapping noises while she ate Phyllis' pussy.

On the other side of the room, Karen and Jill had slipped their panties off and had sat onto the floor. The two had scissor their legs and were feverishly rubbing their pussies together and pinching their own nipples.

I was so turned on. I could feel my pre-cum leak out of my cock and onto my thigh inside my pants.

I had never in my life seen two ladies go at it before and now there were five of them fucking each other on my living room floor. And one of them was my wife. This was truly a "Dear Penthouse" moment.

It was Sarah that came first. She started to rock her hips on Phyllis' face faster and her head tilted back with her mouth opening up wide.

Sarah screamed, "Oh fuck...I'm cumming!" 

Sarah's body began to convulse and she made high pitch squealing sounds that almost sounded like a dolphin. A couple of us guys chuckled because it sounded funny.

"Shut... the... fuck...up... or you won't... get to...fuck me!" Sarah said in-between gasping breaths while she came on Phyllis' face.

Mike looked over to Steve and John and said, "You better listen to her, she means it."

I looked over to Mike and realized at that moment who really wore the pants in his house, but seeing her body and how she fucked, I didn't think he mind.

I heard Karen and Jill getting louder from the other side of the room. Their faces were contorted from pure bliss and I knew it wouldn't be long before they would cum as well.

Both of them were crying out to god and saying "oh fuck" and "holy shit" while they grind their pussies faster and harder against each other's. 

It was beautiful to watch them. Their breasts bounced together: their bellies quivered and when the moment they came, they flung themselves in a tight embrace and muffled their cries of lust in a deep kiss. 

Jill came so hard that she squirted, covering Karen's hips and thighs with her cum. She also left a large puddle of her cum on my hard wood floor which was truly amazing to see.

A minute or two had past when I heard my wife's cries of passion filling the room. I looked over to where she was and saw that Sarah had freed Phyllis' breasts from her leather outfit and was licking and biting at her right nipple and than her left one. The whole time Nancy had her face buried deep in-between Phyllis' legs devouring her neatly trimmed pussy.

Phyllis had one hand on Sarah's head and the other on Nancy's so she could control their actions. Then Phyllis did something that both shocked and excited me.

Right before she started to have a mind blowing orgasm, she turned her head and looked me straight in the eye and said, "Do you like seeing me getting my pussy eaten?"

I nodded my head up and down vigorously.

Then Phyllis' eyes closed and her breath became ragged. I knew that look from years of fucking her; she was going to cum soon.

"Oh...my...," Phyllis screamed out while she slammed the heel of her boots onto the floor while at the same time lifting her hips a good 6 or 8 inches off the ground, almost snapping poor Nancy's neck. 

Nancy didn't miss a lick and grabbed Phyllis' hips to control her violent movements and continued to eat her pussy while Phyllis came from her talented tongue.

The ladies were beginning to calm down from the love fest and I was a loss for words. I thought to myself, "Did this just really happen?" Then I thought that Mike had put something in my drink, that, or I had a stroke and my brain was shutting down and all of this was the last brain cell dying, granting me my one fantasy.

But I wasn't drugged and was in good health so it couldn't have been a dream. It was too real. The sounds; the smells of sex assaulted every sense of my body. So I was able to determine everything that just happen was real.

Phyllis and the other ladies had gotten off the floor and stood before us with seductive looks in their eyes.

"Okay boys, since you were all very good we decided to give you a reward, right ladies?" Phyllis said.

The four other ladies smiled and nodded their heads in agreement.

For just a few seconds none of us guys knew what to do or say, but leave it to Mike to break the silence with his bluntness.

"So are we going to fuck or what? He asked.

Sarah looked at him and said, "Oh yea we're going to fuck." Then she walked over to John.

Mike looked a little confused at first but when Karen and Jill came over to him his confusion was replaced with a cheesy grin. 

Phyllis went to Steve and Mark that were sitting on a couch together and pulled out their cocks.

Nancy slowly moved to me and stood in front of me. She then took my hand and guided it between her legs. Her panties were soaked through and she shivered from my touch.

I looked up and Nancy and asked, "Are you okay with this?" 

She smiled and replied, "I wanted to have your big cock inside of me since the first day we met."

That was all I needed to hear. 

I stood up from the chair that I was in and pulled her close to me and started to kiss her, softly at first but deeper with each passing second.

Nancy's hand slid between my legs and began to massage my hot hard 8 inch cock through my cotton slacks. I almost came right then and there because I was so turned on from watching my wife and my fantasy girl just have sex in front of me. But I quickly thought about the Dodgers and the urge to cum went away.

While Nancy and I kissed, I turned her around so her back was to the chair I was just in. I slid her panties off her hips and gently pushed her back onto the seat.

I glanced over to Phyllis and saw that she was on her knees in between Steve and Mark. She had Steve's cock in her mouth and was stroking Mark's meat with her left hand. I had told Phyllis in the past that I had always wanted to see her with another man and now she was with two at the same time. Needless to say, I was very excited.

My goofy but big dick friend John had already had Sarah mounted on his 11 inch cock and I could tell it was something bigger than she was used to, but she was loving every inch of him.

As for Mike, Well he was lost in a sea of breast, ass and pussy. Karen was riding his cock and Jill was having her pussy eaten out by him. About the only thing I could see of the man was from the knees down with his pants still wrapped around his ankles. I guess they didn't want to wait for him to finish getting undressed.

I turn my head back to the sexy lady that I was going to get to fuck, Nancy. She had already put her feet onto the armrests of the chair she was in and had a "come and get it look" in her eyes.

I dropped to my knees and kissed my way up her smooth thighs until I reached her completely shave fuck hole. 

She moaned as the tip of my tongue began to part her pussy lips and work its way up to her swollen clit. I first circled around the clit with my tongue but then began to lick it fully.

She grabbed the top of my head and pushed my face forward so she could feel more of my mouth on her clit.

Once I had her moaning loudly and her pussy pouring juices out of it, I sucked her clit in my mouth and nibbled on it with my teeth. That sent her over the edge.

"Oh fuck!" Nancy cried out as she came for the first time that night.

Nancy's body shook wildly as she came multiple times and her pussy oozed sweet cum onto my tongue. It tasted better than I had ever fantasized. It was thick, sticky and sweet and it covered my entire face.

When she could control her body long enough to speak, she looked down at me and said, "I want you now! I want your big cock pounding my tight pussy right this fucking second!"

Hearing Nancy talk so dirty turned me on and I quickly gave her what she wanted.

I stood up and damn near ripped my pants off. I removed my underwear and almost fell in the process. 

Nancy looked at my pre-cum dripping cock, smiled and asked, "Is someone a little excited?"

I didn't answer back. Instead I grabbed her by the calves and slid her ass to the edge of the chair she was in. At the same time I spread her legs apart and lowered my hips to her wet pussy, driving my cock deep inside of her.

"Oh God...Fuck me hard!" she screamed.

I slammed my cock into Nancy as hard as I could and she dug her sharp fingernails into my ass, helping me to drive my cock deep and hard inside of her.

"That's it you mother fucker! Fuck my pussy!" she demanded of me.

While I fucked Nancy hard I was getting a little subconscious about all the cursing she was doing. I looked around the room to see if anyone was paying attention and realized they were too busy doing their own thing.

John now had Sarah face down on the ground and was pulling her hair while fucking her from behind.

Karen and Jill had moved into a 69 position with Jill on top. Mike was slamming Jill's pussy and I could swear that Karen was taking turns licking his balls and eating Jill's pussy.

Phyllis found herself sandwich between Steve and Mark. Steve was below her filling her wet pussy while Mark was on top, fucking her tight ass hard. By the look on her face she was taking pleasure in having two cocks filling her at once.

Once I realized that no one cared what Nancy and I were doing, I began to loosen up a lot.

I looked back into Nancy's eyes and asked, "Do you like having you pussy fucked whore?" 

"Oh god yes, I love it! Fuck this filthy whore!" she said in a ragged voice.

I plowed Nancy's pussy faster and harder and our bodies made loud slapping sounds each time our hips crashed into each other's.

"Whose pussy is this?" I asked in a demanding tone.

Her breast had fallen out of her corset and she was pinching her own nipples as hard as she could, while she was biting her lower lip.

I spanked her ass, leaving a faint hand print on her left cheek and asked her again. "Whose pussy is this?"

She let out a sharp yelp and I could feel her pussy spew a little juice on my cock. I would have never guessed that Nancy had a kinky streak in her, but after her almost cumming on my cock from my well placed hand, I found out otherwise.

After I spanked her, she looked up at me, smiled and said, "It's your pussy!"

I smiled back at her and said, "Good girl."

I pulled my cock out of Nancy's pussy and pulled her up from the chair. I took her by the hand and led her to the couch where Steve and Mark were busy fucking Phyllis.

Once I got Nancy to the back of the couch, I bent her over the edge so her face was near Phyllis'.

I spread her legs again and circled her tight ass with the tip of my cock, using her own pussy juice as lube.

"I want my whore to kiss my wife while I fuck her in the ass!" I was a little surprised that I said that, but I was so lost in the moment that I probably would had said and done anything to keep this fuck fest going.

Without delay Nancy leaned over and kissed my wife deeply while she was riding two cocks. At the same time I pushed myself into Nancy's tight ass. 
