 HOUSEBOAT WEEKEND - Day Three

The digital clock on the wall informed me it was 7:10am. Walter’s arms were still holding me tight against him. We’d both slept through the night without either of us moving. I kissed Walter lightly on the cheek, not wanting to wake him. I closed my eyes and went back to sleep, not waking for another hour.

I could hear someone in the bathroom next to our stateroom. I assumed it was Walter taking his morning shower. I decided to surprise him. I opened the door slowly, hoping to catch him in the shower. The whirr of the exhaust fan was sucking the steam out of the shower stall, leaving a heavy mist of water on the translucent shower doors. I grinned as I slipped my robe off and placed it on the vanity’s countertop. I crept quietly to the shower door and pulled it open. I don’t know which one of us was more surprised, Russell or I!

“Good Morning!” Russell exclaimed. “Care to join me?”

I quickly glanced down, viewing all of Russell’s well-tanned body, before I shut the door. I started to put my robe back on but the thought of Russ and I sharing a shower together did seem intriguing. I put my robe down, opened the shower door and stepped in. Russell was standing under the spray of warm water with a big smile on his face.

“Not having second thoughts, are you?” Russell quipped.

I took the soapy washcloth from his hands and started washing myself. Russ took another washcloth from the rack and soaped it up. I washed my breasts, tummy and especially down between my legs. I washed away the sticky substances from last night’s threesome with Walter and JoAnn. Russell turned me around in the shower and gently washed my back, butt and the backs of my legs. Having someone give me a shower was something I hadn’t experienced since the first year Walter and I had been married. I had a suspicion; Russell wasn’t going to be satisfied with just soaping me up. I hoped my suspicions would come true.

I washed Russell’s back, soaping his broad shoulders. He turned around with his back to the spray head and rinsed himself off. I held his magnificent cock, thoroughly washing it and his warm balls. 

“I’ve already taken care of that.” Russell said, grinning. “But I certainly don’t mind if you want to wash it again.”

“Well!” I quipped. “Maybe I just wanted to make sure it was clean before you started using it on me!”

We quickly rinsed off and half-heartedly toweled ourselves dry. Russ kissed me hard and passionately. I returned his kisses trying to outdo him. Russell’s strong hands rubbed down my ass, pulling me hard against his heated body. I felt his hard cock between our bodies.

“Bathroom or the bedroom!” Russell whispered.

“Bedroom, your bedroom!” I exclaimed.

Russell opened the bathroom door and the two of us stepped naked into the carpeted hallway. We walked the short distance to his and Shauna’s stateroom. I hoped it would just be the two of us. Russell engaged the deadbolt lock on the door. I stretched out on the bed, motioning for Russ to join me. He didn’t need any coaxing. He practically pounced onto the bed beside me.

“Walter won’t mind, will he?” Russ asked, smiling.

“No, I’m sure he’d be cool with this.” I replied, trying to keep from grinning.

We put our arms around each other, kissing softly for several minutes. Russell was a great kisser for a sex partner. He didn’t compare to Walter as far as a lover. Russell’s strong hands massaged my breasts, my nipples growing erect under his touch. I closed my eyes as Russell’s warm lips made their way down to them. He pulled on my nipples tenderly with his teeth, flicking his tongue over them. My nipples were a little sore from all the attention they’d gotten since Friday morning. Still, Russell managed to get me worked up. I was breathing hard as ever. 

Russell kissed down over my tummy, flicking his tongue at my bellybutton. I spread my legs slightly, feeling his hand gently rubbing up and down my legs. Russell spread my legs even more so he could lie between them. I raised my legs till my feet were flat on the sheets. Russ kissed the inside of my thighs, leisurely working his way up to my pussy. Russell spread me wider, his lips kissing all around my pussy. I grabbed the back of his head with both my hands, pulling him into me. Russ held my hips tightly as his tongue darted in and out of me. I ground my pussy hard, still holding his head to me. Russell tongued me hard, flicking up and down my hot, juicy slit. His tongue bounced all around my clit till he got me off.

“OHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh…Yessssssssssssssss” I moaned. “Hmmmmmmmmm”

I held his head tight till my orgasm gradually dwindled away. I was panting for air, excited by the sensuous orgasm and the thought of Russell fucking me. Russell kissed up towards my face, his lips traveling back over my tummy and breasts. He kissed my softly on the lips. My hands brushed down over his taut stomach till they held his huge cock. I stroked it gently with both hands. 

Russell stretched out on his back, his huge dick standing erect. I slid up over his body, straddling him. I put my hands on Russ’s shoulders pinning him to the bed. Russell held his cock so I could ease down on it. I felt the bulbous head split my pussy lips apart. I took a deep breath and eased myself down on him. My juices lubricated his cock, allowing me to slip him all the way inside me. I bucked my hips slowly, my pussy adjusting to the thickness of Russell’s hard cock. Russ cupped my ass in his hands, lifting me up and down. My tight pussy was fucking him in long, slow strokes. I started lifting up faster and slamming down harder on his rigid fuck pole. My deep moans filled the stateroom. I was gritting my teeth trying to fight back from cumming to hastily. I had to slow my motions down or I wouldn’t make it.

Russell lifted me off his hard cock, positioning me on all fours. He quickly got behind me, impaling me with one long thrust. My mouth gaped open as his rod plunged deep into me. Russ liked to fuck in long hard strokes. He held my waist tight. I felt him pull his cock all the way out of me and then plunge into me hard. My head snapped back at his brutal thrust. Russ fucked me fierce and fast. Our bodies slamming together so hard, loud smacking sounds drowned out my constant moaning. Feeling my body nearing another orgasm, I fucked back against him ruthlessly. I wanted to cum so bad!

“Now………..Nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwww, damn it” I cried out. “Fuck Meeeeeee“

Russell almost fucked me through the headboard of the bed. I was pinned, not able to move. Russell exploded his hot, sticky load deep inside me at the same moment a colossal orgasm overtook my entire body. 

“Arrrrrrrrhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh” I screamed out

Russ held me tight against him. He held his pelvis against my ass till his climax subsided. I felt his body slowly relaxing. His tight grip on my waist eased. Russell slowly pulled his still hard cock from my cum-filled pussy. I looked down between my breasts and legs, watching his cum drip from me. I didn’t move till I got my breath back, cum still dripping from me. Russell held my hips till he caught his breath. He slapped me hard on the butt.

“Let’s go grab another quick shower!” Russell said. “Everyone’s going to wonder what the hell happened to us!”

We jumped in the shower together and rinsed off. Russell and I toweled each other dry. We shared an intimate kiss just before exiting the bathroom. Russell was ahead of me walking down the hall. It was my chance to get even. I still had the towel in my hand. I swatted him with it, making a loud cracking sound. A big red welt quickly appeared on his cute little butt.

“That’s one I’ll owe you!” He exclaimed, grinning.

I entered our stateroom, looking for my brush and comb. I fixed my hair and put on a little make-up. I couldn’t make up my mind what to wear this morning. It was the last day of our mini-vacation.

I remembered the yellow thong bikini Shauna had talked me into buying. Well, this was our last day on the houseboat! Why not wear it? I took the tags off and slipped it on. I checked myself in the full-length mirror. It didn’t make my butt look big at all! I might get into this thong craze. I walked down the stairs to the first level. Everyone, including Russell was sitting out on the front deck. It was a bright, sunny morning. Other than yesterday afternoon’s brief storm, the entire weekend’s weather had been perfect. 

“Hey, let’s see what it looks like from the back!” Shauna exclaimed. 

I did a slow pirouette so everyone could get a good look at my ass. Walter applauded, motioning me to come and sit with him. I sat on his lap, putting my arms around him. Walter gave me a hug and a loving kiss. I’m sure he knew what had just happened between Russell and me. After last evening’s threesome, he seemed more at ease with my sexual wantonness. 

We fixed breakfast for the guys, while they got their fishing gear ready. We kept shuttling fresh coffee out to the guys. We all sat down at the deck table, reminiscing about the past two day’s experiences. We shared a lot of laughs. No one mentioned anything about anyone’s sexual antics. Everyone seemed to want to keep it private, especially me.

All three of the guys fished off the front of the “Double Trouble” while we cleaned up the galley. It gave us girls a chance to chat. JoAnn and Shauna listened while I talked about Walter and me, our marriage and how much we loved each other. Tears almost came to my eyes when I let them know how much Walter had changed since we set foot on the houseboat.

“I just hope we can come back again soon.” I stated. “This houseboat has changed the both of us so much. It’s like our marriage has been rejuvenated.”

Shauna and JoAnn both acknowledged my remark. They’d seen the same thing happen with other couples. The houseboat seemed to create a romantic atmosphere and couples responded to it. I know Walter and I certainly did. 

It was almost 11:00am when we decided to head back to the main marina. Walter and Russell untied the ropes from the shoreline and we cast off. Kyle got me behind the wheel of the houseboat and instructed me how to get it away from the shoreline safely. I did as he instructed, knowing he was right behind me if I got into trouble. I maneuvered the houseboat out into the mainstream of the lake without any problems. We proceeded up the lake at a fairly good clip. Walter came in and stood behind me while I guided the “Double Trouble” up the lake. He put his arms around me, gently holding me. I leaned back to give him a quick kiss. 

What do you think about this houseboat thing?” He whispered.

“I love it. I want to come back soon and as often as we can.” I replied. “This has been the best time of our marriage.”

“These last three days were what we needed.” Walter stated. “We should have done this a long time ago.”

Kyle came into the cabin, smoking a cigarette. He asked if I wanted one. I looked at Walter, seeing if he’d mind. We seemed to want to do things that pleased each other. He didn’t mind, knowing it was what I wanted. I took Kyle up on his offer for the cigarette. 

I kept my eyes focused on the water ahead as I guided the gigantic houseboat. Walter was still standing behind me, his arms still around me. 

“I think we’d definitely like to see about making another reservation for another weekend trip.” I stated to Kyle.

Kyle grinned at my statement. He said we could check and see what dates were still available. 

We were coming up on the marina where we stopped briefly Saturday morning. 

“Let’s pull into the marina and top off the fuel tanks.” Kyle suggested. “I’ll let you handle the docking.”

Walter stepped out onto the front deck and over to the side so he wouldn’t block my view. Kyle stood behind me. He gave me instructions as I piloted the “Double Trouble” up the marina’s fuel station. I shut the engines down right on cue, the houseboat floated right up to the dock without so much as a bump. I did my little “end zone” dance rewarding myself for doing such a good job.

There wasn’t much activity at the marina at the time. The attendants waited on us right away. Russell and Kyle secured the boat to the dock. We all stepped up onto the dock. I wrapped a towel around my waist, not wanting to show my bare butt to everyone. We stood around till the “Double Trouble” was refueled. It didn’t take much to top off the dual tanks.

The elderly couple with the houseboat for sale were loading a couple of cardboard boxes onto one of the marina carts. They waved and shouted at us. We all walked down the dock to talk with them. Kyle knew them quite well. He should, they were his grandparents! Kyle introduced me to them. They appeared to be in their late 60’s or very early 70’s. They asked if we’d like to take a tour of their houseboat “Miss Behavin’”. 

I wanted to see what it looked like so Walter and I both jumped at the chance. JoAnn was familiar with their houseboat. It was identical to theirs except for the blue accent color and the two waverunners. We looked at everything on all three levels of the houseboat. It had everything you could possibly want and then some. I had to admit; I liked it as well as the “Double Trouble”, if not more. I assumed it also had a nice price tag.

“Wonder what they’re asking for it?” I asked JoAnn.

“$200,000 for everything.” She replied. “At their ages, they’re getting tired of making the long trip down from Columbia. It’s hardly been used at all.”

Our home didn’t cost as much as this houseboat! Of course, we didn’t get to live on the water either. I guess the price seemed reasonable, not knowing what houseboats cost. We stepped back up on the dock. Walter and I took one good, long look at the houseboat before we headed back to the “Double Trouble”.

I slowed pulled out of the marina, not hitting any of the other boats. I was becoming an old hand at captaining the houseboat. We drifted back out to the main lake and proceeded towards home.

“What’d you think of that houseboat?” Walter inquired. 

“It was gorgeous!” I exclaimed. “Wouldn’t it be nice if we had one?”

Walter put his arms around me, hugging me tight. I put my arms over his. 

Walter whispered in my ear. “I’m glad you liked it. Happy Anniversary!”

It took a minute for me to comprehend what he was saying. I wasn’t exactly sure. I looked around at him. 

“What do you mean?” I asked.

“I bought it.” Walter said, grinning. “I bought it for us!” 

“Actually, I put a deposit on it yesterday morning!” He added.

I couldn’t say anything. Tears were streaming down my face. We held each other the whole trip back. We took possession of the houseboat two weeks later, mortgaging our house to finance it. We renamed the houseboat the “Miss Behavin’ II’some”.