 It all started when Theresa accepted her girlfriend's offer to housesit her beach condo in Santa Monica for 2 weeks. The place was a dream, it had a very private sun deck, a wonderful view of the beach and ocean, and was the coziest, most comfortable place she had ever lived in. Two weeks there was like being in heaven.  After raving about the place to her best friends at work – 2 guys, Jeff and Brent – she accepted their challenge to fix them dinner at her new "pad". They would bring the groceries and wine, she would work her magic in the kitchen, and they would all share in the results.  The date was on; both guys would arrive at around Noon on Saturday morning for a weekend of relaxation. Since the condo had 2 bedrooms and 2 baths - the guest bedroom with 2 double beds – the boys would be comfortable staying over.   She had been close to these guys for over 3 years now, sharing her hopes and dreams with them after going through a rough divorce and getting her life back together. Having them to talk to really made a difference, they were like 2 gorgeous big brothers to her. She felt completely at ease around them and felt she could share anything with them – even her escapades in dating the seemingly unending stream of "eligible" guys that never quite made it. 

They were a killer trio at work, an incredible team that took on the toughest clients and problems with the practiced ease of professionals that knew exactly what each other's thoughts were. The 3 of them were the top performers for the entire company, unbeatable in delivering results for their clients.  Saturday morning arrived and she had the house spotless. It was a beautiful day with perfect weather. The temperature was in the high 70's and would get to a high of about 83 degrees. When the boys arrived at Noon with bags of groceries and 4 bottles of white wine she welcomed them dressed in her 2-piece swimming suit. After helping her put the things away, they immediately peeled off their shirts to reveal their massive chests, shoulders and arms. 

She was in heaven, although she had never thought of the guys as bed partners, they sure were hot to look at. She could feel herself dampen and her crotch convulse at the sight of those well-defined arms. Mmmmm... Oops, back to business.  They both disappeared into their bedroom and emerged shortly in swimming suits. She couldn't help herself and checked both of their "packages". Even relaxed, she could tell that they were both large and her crotch pulsed again as she let her gaze move up to their chests. They were both grinning and asked her to put some oil on their backs before they hit the deck. 

She followed them out, glad for the chance to get her mind of those arms and chests. Brent had a bottle of Hawaiian Tropic suntan oil, which he handed to her. 

Opening it, she was taken back to when she was a teenager, madly in love with a cute blonde guy named Matt. The smell of the tanning oil reminded her of the summer that she lost her virginity. It was 3 wonderful months of sun, sea and new sex, all punctuated with liberal applications of Hawaiian Tropic.  Brent had seated himself on the lounger with his back to her and was asking her to pour it on and get going. He wanted to get every minute of this wonderful sun. She poured some on his muscular shoulders and began spreading it on his back and arms. Ooooh... there went her crotch again. The sensation of the oil sliding on his well defined arms and shoulders really got to her.  Meanwhile Jeff was standing there taking this all in. After a few minutes of watching her work on Brent, with a big grin on his face, he said "my turn" as he sat on the other lounger. 

She poured some oil into Brent's hand so he could do his front (there was no way she was going to do it considering the shape she was in) and moved over to where Jeff was sitting. As she poured the oil onto his shoulders, she noticed that his arms and chest were not as hairy as Brent's but just as muscular. 

On cue, her crotch convulsed again, harder this time and she could feel the wetness on her swimsuit. She quickly worked the oil into Jeff's shoulders and back, getting lost in the sensation of the oil sliding across his firm muscles. 

She moved over slightly so he could turn around and lie face-down on the towel he had there. 

After she worked on his legs with the same delight in feeling the rest of his body, he looked at her with that infectious grin and said "now the front" as he flipped onto his back. 

Maintaining her self-control, she poured some of the oil in the middle of his chest and almost got lost in the way it beaded on the dark hairs. As she began to rub it in and around, she felt his nipples harden in response to her touch. Oh! . . . there goes her crotch again.   Finishing his chest, she went to his legs, which were not as hairy as his chest. Pouring the oil on, she worked some into each foot and moved up his leg to the bottom of his suit. God, she was getting wet again. 

With that big grin on his face, he raised his hips up and slid his suit down, saying, "please get this too". There was his beautiful cock, resting in a soft nest of dark hair, half-hard and beginning to grow as she watched. 

Taking a deep breath, she poured more oil onto his tummy and began to work it in, getting closer and closer to his now hard cock as she worked. 

It was all she could do to stay focused on applying the oil as her crotch was beginning to take over. She loved the way the oil glistened on the hairs around that magnificent erection. 

Without thinking, she poured more oil in her hand and begin pumping it, sliding her hand slowly up and down its length. God it felt good in her hand, beginning to throb and get even harder. 

She looked at it and marveled at the smooth, now shiny head, stretching the skin as she tightly slid her hand down the length of his cock.  At this point, Brent went "Ahem" and said, "if you aren't too distracted, would you mind finishing me?" Flashing her a big grin as he asked.   Flustered, she said "Oh . . yes . . I'm sorry, I got lost for a moment.  

His reply was "yes, I noticed".   Moving back over to where Brent's lounger was, she sat down while he lay back on his towel. She poured oil onto his chest and began spreading it. 

He was hairier than Jeff but his skin was so smooth that it could have been a girl's. She worked the oil into his chest and then moved down to his feet, massaging the oil in as she had done with Jeff. 

When she touched the bottom of his feet, he jumped. It appears that he was ticklish. She held his foot tightly at the ankle and lightly stroked the underside of his foot, sending him into fits of laughter. 

After a minute of this, he said "I give, I give, please stop, stop".  She grinned and said "OK, ok, I'll get back to work". She then moved up each of his legs, working the oil into his hard muscles, stopping at the bottom of his suit.   She looked him directly in the eye and said "Well?"

He grinned and slid his trunks off to reveal an absolutely beautiful cock. Apparently, the tickling had the effect of turning him on. 

Hmmmm, she would remember that. Pouring oil into both of her hands, she slid them down his cock, alternating slow, tight strokes with each hand. The head of his cock glistened with a drop of his pre-cum, beading up on the oil that coated his entire cock. He seemed almost ready to explode so she stopped, turned around and said "Ok, guys, now it's my turn".   She moved to the third lounger and sat on the towel there. Jeff came over with the oil and poured some onto her shoulders, working it into her back and arms. He had wonderful hands and she could feel the tension release from her back and neck. She lay face down on the towel and, reaching around, unsnapped the back of her top. 

Jeff worked on her entire back, kneading the muscles while she lay facing Brent, who was grinning at her and stroking his now hard cock. She was in heaven and her crotch was soo wet that it was practically dripping.  Jeff moved down to her feet and started in on them, working the oil into each foot slowly and methodically. He worked on each toe and spent extra time on the sole of her foot, alternating firm strokes with a light touch of his finger that sent shudders all the way up into her crotch. She got distracted from the sight of that lovely hard cock in front of her and lost in the sensuality of the massage she was receiving from Jeff.   After working his way up her legs, paying special attention to the insides of her thighs, he lifted her hips and slid her bikini bottoms off her. She thought about objecting but was floating from the sights and sensations she was experiencing and just accepted it.

He then poured some oil onto her ass and used those wonderful hands to work it in, creating an intense need in her to be touched. She began moving to his strokes, raising her ass to his hands, inviting them to enter her. He concentrated on the massage though; which had the effect of making her still hotter.  Finally, she turned over and allowed him access to her tummy and crotch. She was soo wet and could smell the spicy odor of her sex. God she was horny! 

He poured on some oil on her tummy and concentrated on massaging her, staying away from her sex, and driving her even higher in the process.  Then he stopped.  God, what was he doing, she thought. He stopped touching her. Now her body just screamed with desire. Here she was, so aroused and just left hanging. Ooooh . . . she could feel her sex pulsing with desire, wet and hungry for attention.  Brent spoke up and said "Hey guys, let's relax and get some sun. We can play later". With that he turned over, exposing that tight muscular ass of his to the sun and relaxed. 

Jeff got up, moved to his lounger and did the same. Like it or not, she was left on her own. She turned over and did the same, relaxing into the warmth of her erotic thoughts and the sun. She floated off into a half sleeping state, thoroughly aroused and thoroughly relaxed at the same time. Several hours passed while they all enjoyed the warmth and sun, flipping over occasionally to tan evenly.  As the sun dropped and the fog began to move in, cooling the shore, they all decided to move in and clean up for dinner. The boys grabbed their suits and towels and headed into their bathroom to shower. 

Theresa did the same after they came out, stepping into a warm shower that made her skin tingle. It took a bit of work to get off the tanning oil but when she finished her skin was soft and had a warm glow from the sun.  Brent came out, went into the kitchen and opened a bottle of wine. After pouring 3 glasses, he said, "Here's to the three of us" when the others were present.   Immediately they set about fixing dinner. The boys had brought fresh shrimp, rice and salad materials, a loaf of wonderful French bread and some light sorbet for dessert. 

Theresa put on the rice and immediately set out to fix a sauce for sautéing the shrimp. Jeff fixed the salad while Brent set the table and kept them well supplied with wine and whatever else they needed. The same teamwork that was their trademark at work came into play here and dinner was ready in no time at all.  As they relaxed at the table enjoying the dinner and the sunset, Jeff kept squirming in his chair. When asked what the problem was, he explained that his skin felt dry and itchy from the sun. 

Theresa said she had the solution for him. She told him that she had some "after sun" lotion with aloe that would make his back feel much better. She would get it for him after dinner.   When the meal was done and the sun was down, the team got together, quickly cleared the table and had the dishes rinsed and loaded in the dishwasher in just a few minutes.  Remembering her promise, Theresa got the skin cream from her bedroom and walked back into the living room, asking Jeff to take his T-shirt off so she could put it on his back. 

He quickly complied and she again delighted in pouring the cream on his shoulders and back. She gently worked it into his skin, taking special care to be gentle with his arms and shoulders, which caused her sex to twitch as she stroked his body. 

She stopped and said "there, that should do it". Jeff grinned and said "uuh, not quite, can you get the rest"? 

With that he stood up and dropped his jeans and boxers. Taking a fresh towel that Brent handed to him, he put it on the leather couch and lay face down. 

She immediately understood that he needed some of the soothing cream on the back of his legs and on his tight, hard ass.   Oooh . . . there it goes again. Her sex is twitching and getting wet just looking at his butt.   Working from the soles of his feet upward, she gently massaged the cream into his skin. By the time she reached his ass, she was dripping again and could hardly keep her mind off her sex and on his ass. 

She started to work the cream in, reveling in the feeling of his firm cheeks sliding under her hands. She worked on every inch of his butt, even sliding the cream around his rosebud while watching him arch up in response to her touch. She was in heaven.  Jeff then flipped over and there, in all its glory, is that magnificent cock. With that infectious grin of his, he says "that was wonderful, would you do this side too"?   Now she is really wet. Looking at that beautiful cock, half hard and hanging in his soft nest of hair, she can feel her sex tighten and pulse with her desire. Focus, focus, focus she told herself.  Again starting at his feet, she could not resist first working the cream in and then tickling the bottoms of his feet. He jumped as she ran her fingernail up his sole and his cock got rock hard – beautiful. 

She slooowly worked up his legs, carefully massaging in the cream until she was at his crotch. His cock is now rock hard with all her teasing and is dripping with pre-cum as it stands there pulsing. 

She stops and says "OK, you're done. Brent what about you?"

 Brent, who has been enjoying Jeff's discomfort at Theresa's hands, quickly strips off his clothes and flops face down onto the couch where Jeff was. 

Jeff went to get his wine and to try and relax a bit from the teasing he just received.   Theresa now got to start the process all over with Brent. His body was even more of a turn-on for her because of the mat of hair on his chest and his arms. There goes her sex again, hungrily pulsing with desire. She was sooo wet!   Pouring the cream on his shoulders, she began to work on his back and arms, again getting completely lost in the sensation of those muscles moving under her hands.  She worked down his back to his waist and then started in on his feet. She could hardly keep her eyes on her job with that magnificent ass there in front of her. She could even see the hairy nest at his crotch where she knew that beautiful cock was.  After working up both his legs, she tells him to flip over. Ooooh! . . there he is, that beautiful hairy chest and that delicious cock resting in his "nest" of soft hair. Now she is so wet that she feels like she is dripping through her panties. She can feel her sex pulse with every glance at his body.  She starts at his neck. Pouring the lotion on and working it into that wonderful hair and those hard pectoral muscles, playing with his nipples and watching them become hard little nubs. Again, she finds herself getting lost in his body. Finally she gains enough self-control to make it to his flat tummy.  Taking a deep shuddering breath, she starts back on his feet. Quickly finishing with them she moves up his hairy legs, watching the cream glisten on the hairs as she works it in. Higher and higher she moves, concentrating on the inside of his leg and watching his cock begin to stiffen as she moves closer and closer to his crotch. She can see his full balls resting there in that hairy nest.   She is so hot and so wet by now that she is having trouble sitting still. All she can see is that hard cock head and it's tiny pearl of pre-cum. 

Without thinking, she leans over and licks the tip of his cock. Oh, it is so slick and tastes so sweet. She slides her mouth down on it, feeling the hard smoothness of it filling her throat - God, what a feeling. 

She reaches into her panties with one hand while she holds his balls with her other, trapping his cock so it can't move out of her mouth. She slides up and down on it, swirling her tongue and savoring the way it feels. 

Every nerve ending in her mouth and throat is alive with the wonderful sensation of his huge cock filling her mouth. Her sex is now in high gear, dripping and pulsing every time she goes down on that hard cock. She is in heaven.   Suddenly she feels a spongy softness at her cheek. 

Pulling off Brent's cock, she engulfs Jeff's hard cock in her mouth, drawing it in as far as it will go, hearing him gasp as she swallows him. 

Her sex tightens as he takes hold of her hair and forces her down onto his hardness. 

After a moment, she switches back to Brent's cock, delighting at the different feel of it in her mouth. It is huge and rougher than Jeff's; she can feel the raised veins running up it, as if it was made to be more stimulating in her mouth. It is so swollen that it's all she can do to get it into her throat. It is hard to believe that his cock is harder and bigger than it was just a moment ago. 

All this time her hand is frantically working on her sex. Her fingers are sliding around and around the hard nubbin of her clitoris. She is so hot, she frantically slides her panties down so she can have better access to her hungry crotch.   Meanwhile, Brent moves up and out of her mouth. In her head, she protests, not wanting to let go of that wonderful hardness. Both guys work together and quickly remove all of her clothing. Jeff replaces Brent on the couch while Brent moves up and behind her.   Jeff's hands quickly find her hair and pull her onto his cock. He guides her head with her hair, sometimes pulling her hard onto him and thrusting his hips up at the same time; sometimes moving her rapidly up and down so she can barely swirl her tongue around it; sometimes allowing her to lick the length of it and feel him jump as she reaches the underside of the head.  Somehow, Brent has worked his way onto the couch under her and is tonguing her painfully aroused clitoris as she has her face fucked by Jeff. He also has his hands on her breasts, lightly stroking and pinching her nipples, which are now rock hard and aching with desire. God, she is in sensory overload. All she can think of is cock and that wonderful licking between her legs. She has died and gone to heaven.   She comes quickly and just as quickly comes again. Under Bent's expert tongue, she begins a long series of intense rolling orgasms, each more powerful than the previous one. She is barely aware of the cock filling her mouth and the strong hands using her hair to guide her head as it thrusts deep into her throat.  After what seems like an eternity of cock sucking and climaxes, Brent moves out from beneath her, stands up and enters her from behind. She is so swollen and so wet that she can feel every little bit of his big cock as it slides into her. 

Ooh! . . She comes again as he is sliding it in, arching her back to thrust her ass up to meet him and convulsing around his hardness.   Now the guys start working together. Brent is timing his thrusts into her with Jeff's forcing her down on his cock. As they flow into a rhythm of fucking her at both ends, she feels as if she is one giant vagina, consumed with the pleasure of servicing those wonderful cocks. She is a wild animal, mounted and being taken at both ends by a pair of savage beasts.  The cock in her mouth is getting harder, if such a thing was possible, and she can feel Jeff's balls begin to tighten as he gets more forceful in pulling her mouth down onto his cock. 
