 When my balls had emptied themselves, I collapsed onto Anita's back and slowly rolled off, landing on the bed next to her.

"Oh my god! That was amazing!" she moaned, as she rolled into my arms a couple of minutes later. "I have never felt anything like that before!"

"That was incredible," I said, agreeing with her.

"And it looked damn hot, too," we heard exclaimed from the doorway.

"Oh my god!" yelled Anita, jumping up and trying to pull a sheet around her.

Elke laughed as she walked into the room. "It's a little late for that, honey. I've already seen everything."

"Oh, shit!" Anita moaned. "I'm so sorry! I don't..."

"Stop," Elke told her, placing a finger on Anita's lips. "It's ok. I liked watching you."

Anita looked at Elke shocked and confused. "You don't mind that I was just..."

"Just what? Fucking my boyfriend?" Elke asked, smiling.

Anita just hung her head and nodded meekly.

Elke smiled and said, "Not only don't I mind, I wanted it to happen. Granted, I didn't expect it to happen THIS soon, but I'm glad that it did. In fact, I'm VERY turned on right now, after watching you two."

I sat up and watched as Elke moved closer to Anita, and gently pulled down the sheet that Anita was trying to use to cover herself with.

"However," she continued, her voice getting softer and her eyes taking in Anita's body, "if you REALLY feel guilty, I think that we can come up with a couple of ways for you to make it up to me."

"How?" Anita asked, her voice quivering as Elke gently slid her fingertips across Anita's body.

"Get up on your knees," Elke told her.

As Anita started to rise, Elke began to unbutton her blouse. She reached out her arm and took Anita's hand in hers. 

"Come here," she told her, firmly but softly.

Anita knee-walked to the edge of the bed, where Elke was standing. Releasing Anita's hand, Elke took Anita in her arms and gently kissed her. I heard Anita whimper softly as their lips met, and she wrapped her arms around Elke.

As I sat back and watched, I could feel the blood start to migrate back down to my cock. I'd been lucky enough to have been with a two women at the same time twice before, but neither time was as erotic, and exciting, as what I was watching this time.

Elke's arms started to slide across Anita's back, until she had one hand cupping her ass. Pulling Anita in closer, Elke grabbed a handful of her hair and started to kiss her harder.

Anita moaned again and returned Elke's kiss, holding on tight to her body.

I continued to watch as Elke's hand slid further down Anita's ass, and then stretched further, trying to reach her pussy.

Elke then pulled back an Anita's hair and looked over at me. "So, did she tell you anything good while you were fucking her little pussy?" she asked me.

"Oh, yeah," I replied, smiling while Anita gasped softly. "She told me lots of juicy stuff."

"Like what?" she asked, leaning in to kiss Anita's neck.

Anita moaned as Elke's lips touched her neck, and her body melted into Elke's.

"Well, not only did she tell me that she thinks that you're sexy," I said, "but she also told me that she's been with a woman before."

Elke pulled back slightly and looked at me in surprise. "Oh really?!?" she asked, as her hand squeezed Anita's ass.

"You've been with a girl before?" she asked the younger girl, whispering loudly in her ear.

"Yesss," Anita whispered. "Once."

"Did you kiss her?" Elke asked.

"Yes," was the whispered response.

"Did you suck and lick her tits?"

"Yes."

Elke pulled Anita's hair back and looked her in the eyes. "Did you lick her pussy?" she asked.

"Yes," Anita whimpered.

"And did you like it?" Elke continued.

"Oh, yes," Anita admitted.

"Good," Elke told her. "I like to lick pussy, too."

Anita moaned long and soft as Elke pulled her in and kissed her firmly. The younger, smaller girl's body almost melted into Elke's as she gave up control.

Elke looked at me as her hands held tightly onto Anita's body, and I could see the smile in her eyes. 

After a couple of minutes, Elke pulled her lips away from Anita's. "Undress me," she told the younger girl.

Anita didn't waste a second as she started to unbutton Elke's blouse. When her blouse was fully undone, Elke shrugged it from her shoulders as Anita reached around her back.

"It's in front," she told Anita.

Anita's hands flew to the front clasp and opened Elke's bra. Elke pulled her in close and Anita started to kiss her chest as she peeled the bra from Elke's shoulders. 

This time, it was Elke's turn to sigh, as Anita held her large tits in her hands and leaned in to kiss her stiff nipples.

While the young girl started sucking her stiff nipples, Elke looked at me and smiled.

"Honey, I think that Anita and I need some time alone. Would you mind?" she asked.

Reluctantly, I nodded my head and started out of my own bedroom, knowing that when I did join them, Elke would make it well worth my time.

As I left the women, Elke was laying back on my bed, pulling Anita down with her. 

I went to the kitchen, still naked, and took a beer from the refrigerator. As I walked out onto the patio to enjoy the night breeze, I realized that I could hear the sounds of contentment coming from my bedroom. I laid down in my hammock, and listened while I drank my beer.

I soon finished my beer and set the glass on the ground, closing my eyes and enjoying the night air, along with the sounds coming from my room.

I must have dozed off in the chair, because the next thing that I knew, the sun was coming up, and Elke was sitting next to the hammock with my hard cock in her mouth.

"Good morning," she said, letting my shaft fall from her lips. "You were so nice, leaving us to play last night, I thought I'd reward you this morning."

"Not a problem," I muttered as she stroked my rod. "Where's our little friend?"

"I think we wore her out," Elke replied. "She hasn't moved since we both fell asleep."

"I'd ask if you had fun, but I could hear everything down here," I told her. 

Elke chuckled as she took my hard cock back into her mouth. I lay back, moaning softly, and enjoyed the best way that I could think of to wake up in the morning.

Soon, Elke had me ready to blow, and that I did. When she was done swallowing down my morning load, she let my softening shaft pop from her lips, and then rose from the chair.

"Well, now that I've had my cream, it's time for some coffee," she said, smiling at me as she started walking into the house.

A few minutes later, I walked into the house and was greeted by the aroma of freshly brewed coffee and the sight of a naked Elke.

She handed me a full cup and we went back outside. We were both still naked, enjoying the cool morning breeze along with our coffee. We had almost finished with our first cup when Anita walked into the kitchen with the sheet from the bed wrapped around her.

"Good morning!" Elke and I said, as Anita walked towards the patio.

"Hi," she replied softly. 

"Oh, honey, you can drop the sheet," Elke told her. "After last night, there's really no point in modesty."

Anita blushed, looking at Elke and I sitting naked. "Where are my clothes?" she asked.

"Your bikini is right where we left it," I told her, nodding my head towards the chair that we started in.

Elke and I looked at each other as Anita walked over to pick up her clothes, not looking at either of us.

"Anita, sit down for a minute, and join us," Elke told her.

Anita looked first at Elke, and then at me. Wordlessly, she gathered her clothes and sat a few feet from us, trying to cover herself with the clothes in her lap.

"Are you alright?" Elke asked.

Anita just nodded, looking down at the ground. 

"Look at me," Elke told her.

"Talk to us, sweetie. We can tell that something is bothering you," she continued.

Anita looked up at Elke. "I'm a little embarrassed about last night," she said softly. "I've never done anything like that."

"Either have we," Elke assured her as I sat next to her silently. "Did you enjoy yourself, though?"

"Yes," Anita replied.

"That's what's important," Elke told her. "No one was hurt, and everyone enjoyed themselves, and each other."

"But wasn't it kind of weird?" Anita asked her. "Watching me with your boyfriend?"

"I'll admit, it was a little weird, at first," Elke said. "But that only lasted a couple of minutes. You two were so hot together, I just got too horny, too fast. I wanted to join you, but I decided to just watch this time."

"This time?" Anita asked.

"Yes, this time," Elke replied. "At some point, all three of us will be having some playtime together. At least, I hope we will."

"Kurt and I had a talk a while ago," she continued. "I told him that he is the best man that I've ever been with, the most patient and understanding lover, and while I have no desire for any other man, I do like to play with a woman once and a while."

"I also understand that if I get to play with someone else, it's not fair to him, if he can't also. Since he doesn't want to play with another man, it's going to be another woman. As long as I know about it, and get to chose her, I don't have a problem with that."

"And you chose me for him?" Anita asked.

"Yes," came the reply. "I knew that you had the hots for him, and needed to know what it's like to be with a man who knows what he's doing, and he thought you were pretty hot, so..."

Anita sat there silently for a couple of seconds, looking at the ground. Finally, she started giggling.

"What's so funny?" Elke asked.

Looking up at both of us, Anita smiled and answered, "My parents were the ones who talked me into moving in here. If they only knew!"

Elke stood and walked over to Anita and took the younger girl's face in her hands. "So, are you ok with everything?" she asked her.

Anita looked at Elke for a second before responding. "Yes," she replied softly. "It'll take some getting used to, but if last night was any indication of what I'm in store for, I think I can get used to it pretty quickly."

"Good," Elke said, leaning in to kiss her.

I sat and watched as the two naked beauties kissed, until Elke finally pulled away. 

"Do you need any help unpacking?" she asked Anita.

"Sure," replied Anita. "I'm not going to turn down ANY offers of help!"

"Good. C'mon, then," Elke told her, helping Anita out of her chair. 

As I watched the two naked asses walk towards the coach house, Elke looked over her shoulder at me. "We may be busy all day," she said. "Is that ok with you?"

"I'll be fine," I told her, realizing that those were the first words that I'd spoken since Anita walked out of the house.

"Ok. Bye!" she replied. 

I spent the rest of the warm, late summer day cutting the grass and catching up on the landscaping, before I finally relaxed pool side with a beer.

Later in the afternoon, as I was switching back and forth between channels, watching both my beloved Cubs AND the White Sox blow yet another ninth inning lead, Elke finally came back.

"Hi honey!" she said, beaming as she walked up and kissed me. "Didja miss me?"

"Of course I did," I told her. "Did you have fun helping Anita get unpacked?"

"Yes, I did, as a matter of fact," she replied. "She really is a sweet girl."

"Yeah? And just how much did you get accomplished, with both of you walking around naked all day?" I teased her.

"Just the unpacking, mister dirty-mind," she chided me. "I think that we're both too tired to do much else, after last night!"

"I bet!" I chuckled. 

"I told her that I'd take her shopping," Elke said, getting up and going to the bedroom. "She doesn't have any groceries, so I said that I'd show her where the store is."

"That's fine," I replied, but if you're both too tired, we could always order in, and all eat here."

"I'd love that, and maybe we can do that, but I think that she wants to spend a little time by herself tonight," Elke said. "I think that she's still a little freaked out about last night, and needs to gather it all in."

"Is she going to be ok with it all?"

"Oh, yeah," she replied. "But after the way that she was raised, she just needs to get it into her head that it's all alright, and that we're both alright with it, and with her."

"Well, I'll take your word for it," I told her. "You're the expert in these matters around here."

"Yes, I am," she reminded me, as she ducked into the bedroom. A few minutes later, she came out fully dressed and kissed me. "We'll be back in a little bit," she told me.

-----

The next week went by quickly, between work and showing Anita what her duties were around the property. Elke and I talked every day, and I saw Anita almost daily, but I didn't get a chance to spend any "quality" time with either woman.

Friday, Elke called me at work and told me that Anita was giving her a ride to my place that night, and that I should count on dinner for all of us.

I made a simple meal of grilled chicken, and as we ate, Elke asked if we had any plans for the next day.

"Not that I'm aware of," I told her. "Why?"

"Well, tomorrow is Anita's birthday," Elke stated, "and we are taking her shopping, and then out to dinner."

"Ok," I replied, looking over at Anita. "What are we going shopping for, and where?"

"Well, this poor girl is turning 23 tomorrow, and she doesn't have a little black dress, or really anything for a night on the town," Elke explained. "So, I thought we'd go into the city and do a little shopping at the Water Tower Place, and on Michigan Ave." 

"Tomorrow's your birthday?" I asked Anita. "Well, happy birthday!"

"That sounds like fun," I continued. "Spending a beautiful day downtown, with two even more beautiful women? Celebrating a birthday? I don't see a downside there!"

"Where do you want to go for your birthday dinner?" I asked Anita.

"I don't know," she replied. "I haven't really had anytime to think about it!"

"Well," I told her, "you've got until tomorrow to decide. You at least have to decide what type of cuisine you want."

"Ok, Anita replied, smiling.

The next morning, Elke told me that she had to run out for a bit, so I let her take my car. About an hour later, she came back driving her sister's mini-van. When I asked her about it, she replied, "I just think that this would be nicer than your old car, and roomier than your truck."

Knowing Elke and her famous ulterior motives, I let the issue rest. It was a nice mini-van, with swivel captain's chairs in the front, an excellent stereo system, and tinted windows, so I really didn't have much to complain about anyway.

By early afternoon, we were on the road, heading into the city. Elke and I were already dressed for a nice dinner, Elke had helped Anita do her hair properly, so our first goal was finding something for Anita to wear.

I went to a nice indoor, four-story garage just off Michigan Ave. that I knew about, and parked there. 

I followed in amusement as the two women dragged me from store to store, looking for "the perfect little black dress" for Anita. 

Finally, they hit the jackpot at the women's shop where Elke found the dress that she wore to her store's party. There, they found a dress AND shoes to match, along with some "appropriate" lingerie.

When Anita walked out of the dressing room, I had to admit to being stunned. They picked out a halter dress, cut low enough to show a tantalizing amount of cleavage without being too daring, and the skirt was mid-thigh, showing off her firm legs. I could tell by the cut of the top that she wasn't going to be able to wear a bra, which just made it even hotter for me.

The shoes that they found had a heel that showed off her legs and ass very nicely. She was beautiful, almost giving Elke a run for her money. Elke talked her into going bare-legged, like herself, telling her that I loved the look.

"This may take some getting used to," she said, as she looked at herself in the mirrors. "I've never dressed like this before, unless it was for something special."

Elke walked up behind her as she appraised the younger woman. "Well, get used to it," she told Anita. "Besides. This IS something special."

Anita smiled at Elke in the mirror. "Ok," she said softly, as she looked herself over.

Elke walked into the dressing room and picked up all of the clothes that Anita wore there, and handed them to the saleslady. "Will you bag these, please? She'll wear the new clothes now," she said.

As I paid for the clothes, I heard my two women talking softly behind me, and I wondered what they were up to. 

Walking out of the store, I had one woman on each arm, and I almost felt like it was my birthday, with the looks that I was getting from some of the men that we passed.

"Ok," I said, turning towards Anita. "Now that we've found you a dress, have you decided what you want for your birthday dinner?"

Before she could reply, Elke spoke up. "I think that we should drop her old clothes off at the car, before we go anywhere," she said. "Unless you want to lug this bag around with us."

"No, that's a good idea," I replied, leading the way to the parking lot.

As we got to the van, I opened the side door and tossed the bag in back. Before I could turn around, I felt a pair of hands on my ass, gently pushing me into the van.

I turned around and saw Anita standing right in front of me, with Elke just behind her. Anita put her hands on my chest, and gently pushed me again.

I looked at Elke, and she just smiled and nodded, so I got into the van. The two women followed me inside, and Elke closed the door behind her as Anita directed me to the bench seat in the middle.

"Anita wants to thank you for buying her the dress, and the shoes," Elke explained, as she sat in the passenger's seat and turned it, facing the middle, as Anita knelt between my legs.

Anita smiled up at me as she slowly unbuckled my pants and then lowered my zipper. "Ok," I said, simply. "I won't argue."

As I lifted my ass, letting Anita pull my pants and boxers down to my ankles, Elke smiled and started sliding her hands inside her dress.

Anita wrapped her small hand around my quickly thickening shaft, still smiling up at me from her knees. My cock was almost at full strength when she leaned in and lowered her mouth over the head, sliding her lips down the length of my pole.

"Oh, yeah," I moaned softly, as I felt Anita's soft, warm lips take in as much of my cock as she could manage.

I watched as she began to slowly slide her head up and down in my lap, her lips and tongue caressing my hard shaft.

"Oh my god!" I moaned, feeling the back of her throat pressing against the tip of my cock as she tried to swallow it.

"Does that feel good, baby?" I heard Elke ask.

When I looked up at her, I saw that Elke had one hand inside the top of her dress, teasing her nipple, and the other hand was under her skirt, obviously playing with her pussy.

"Oh yeah!" I replied, both to her question, and to the sight that she presented. "Very nice!"

Anita, encouraged by my response, began to work on my cock with even more enthusiasm, quickening her pace and intensity as she stroked and sucked it.

Elke leaned in to Anita and took a handful of the younger girl's hair. "Do you like sucking his cock?" Elke asked her.

"MmHhmm!" replied Anita, nodding her head and sliding her lips back until just the tip of my cock remained in her mouth.

I watched as Elke slid both hands out of her dress and pulled a hair scrunchie out of a pocket on the side of the seat. Leaning in, she handed it to Anita, and said, "Put this on, so her can see your beautiful face as you suck his cock." 

Releasing my shaft from her warm mouth and tight grip, Anita quickly pulled her hair up and tied it back. 

Wrapping her fingers back around the shiny shaft, Anita looked back up at me. "You've got such a beautiful cock," she said, just before she plunged her face back down as far as she could, engulfing me.
