 On Monday she called up her husband's work and talked to Keith, asking if he had any plans for a going away party. He replied that there was some lame office party. She suggested he come over for dinner that Friday and she and her husband would make sure he had a good send off. She listened as he agreed that he had always liked her and admired her husband. She smiled and gave him explicit directions to their home in the country.

She didn't tell her husband all week and knew Keith hadn't either. Friday came and she begged off the office party saying she didn't feel up to it. He said he'd stay home but she told him to have a good time and drink a few extra for her. 

She ate lightly and made sure her entire body was clean before dressing carefully in a demi cup black lace bra and matching garter set. Something about being fuckable yet clothed appealed to her mindset. She slid on the smoky stockings and slide on a pair of black stilettos. She slipped on a mere wisp of dress that under normal lighting was transparent. She waited for the cars to pull in and listened as her husband found out she'd invited Keith over. He muttered something about of course that she was always doing something like that. 

She moved to kitchen listening to them talk about work and say they'd miss working together. She slid up behind her husband flaunting herself to Keith whose eyes went big the instant he saw her. She slipped a blindfold over her husband's eyes and asked him to guess who. He seemed tense as he said her name.

"Be a good husband and play along," she whispered in his ear as she led him to chair and had him sit down. She took his hands and tied them securely behind his back. He struggled only a little, as he was confused. She noticed the tent in his pants though and knew he'd play along.

She stepped towards Keith and before he could say anything she placed a finger over his lips. She did a slow turn allowing Keith to look at her body. She raised an eyebrow and saw him lick his lips. Her fingers ran up and down to pinch her already hard nipples. She placed a finger on his lips then on her hard nipple, pantomiming her wishes. He caught on and leaned over to suck the nipple through the fabric. He husband was struggling with chair as he heard her moan.

"What's going on?" he said in a husky voice.

"You'll see eventually," she replied, as Keith moved to her other nipple.

Her moans filled room and she glanced over at her husband's pants. She pulled Keith's face up and put finger over his lips again. She moved to her husband and undid his pants and slid his boxers and pants down to his feet, effectively keeping him from moving and displaying his pulsing hard red cock.

"Honey?" his voice wavered between need and lust.

"Not yet," she replied as she moved back to Keith and gestured towards a chair opposite her husband. He sat slowly down, and she saw the questions in his eyes. He was being perfect for her plans with his silence.

She sat on his lap facing him at first pulling her dress off, exposing her body. His hands slide along her sides and butt as he settled her in his lap. She drew her finger from one nipple to the other and he smiled before feasting on one dark nipple and then the other. She whispered into his ear just loud enough for him to hear to strip. She watched him take off his clothing, and sit back down. She moved back to her husband and leaned forward so her nipples brushed his face, somehow he latched down on one and it was a while before she could move.

She smiled she didn't know who to fuck first, her incredible hard husband's cock that was dripping with cum or Keith's clean cut cock that also deserved to be fucked. She moved back to Keith and sat in his lap again guiding his cock into her heated cunt. He bit back a moan as she rode him, and she murmured, "I wanted to make this a night none of us would ever forget." Her lips met his and she devoured him taking control of his mouth. It was a rush to have two powerful men under her control. "I should thank you Keith, when Heath came home he was like an animal, we fucked for hours."

"Why thank me?" it was partly moaned between licking and sucking on her breasts.

She heard Heath grunt and glanced back, his cock was still dripping. "He was so aroused from seeing you shower that he couldn't wait to come home and fuck me, he said he jacked off four or five times just thinking about you watching him."

"It was more like six," Keith murmured a stunned look on his face, as he let go and came inside of her with the statement.

"You were watching," Heath said in strangled moan.

"It was hard not to," Keith countered he watched trail of cum flowing from her cunt to his cock as she pulled away.

She moved over to her husband's lap and slowly fit his cock into her cum filled cunt, facing Keith letting him see her guide her husband's cock inside of her. He moaned and gasped as he realized she had fucked Keith. She rode him, rubbing her clit staring at Keith until she came. Then she pulled away, knowing her husband still hadn't cum his cock now covered in mix of herself and Keith. She removed the blindfold and watched his cock begin to spurt as he saw her and Keith and his own wet cock. She stepped back watching spurt after spurt of cum explode from his cock. When it had stopped she felt Keith behind her, looking over her shoulder. Heath was still rock hard and she was amazed, Keith was fingering her with one hand the other tugging a nipple. Heath groaned but didn't protest, not even when Helen begged Keith to fuck her again. 

Heath watched in shock as his coworker fucked his wife from behind, watching the pale white cock slide in and out of his wife's slick cunt. He felt his cock spurting off again as he watched her cum again and again from Keith's fucking. His cock was still hard but aching and he wondered if he could cum again. He saw her whisper something to Keith and he agreed with whatever she said. He shivered at what it could possibly be as she finally pulled away. She replaced the blindfold and he was again basked in darkness. He felt a tongue running along his cock, and then two. O lord he thought Keith and Helen were both licking him. One person left as other began to suck his cock, and he knew it was Helen even before he felt Keith's cock brush his lips. He was so turned on he didn't think twice as he sucked the smooth tip. He was amazed at how it felt to have his mouth fucked as Keith pushed his cock deeper and deeper. He felt as if he was going to gag and then his throat relaxed and he felt it all go down. He was in shock even as his own cock throbbed and filled his wife's mouth. He took a deep breath in from his nose when he felt it. The tip was swelling and fluid was dripping down back of his throat. He sucked eagerly swallowing as Keith came.

Keith slowly pulled out, his cock still hard. He glanced down to see that Helen had achieved the same results from Heath. He grinned and figured that was it as he had cum three times and Heath four or so. Helen whispered something to him and he grinned.

She removed the blindfold and noticed how her husband's eyes followed Keith as he went to go get something for her. She helped her husband to stand. He was helpless and loving every moment of it. She moved him to table and had him lean on it. He felt so exposed, and wondered what she was thinking. He couldn't see much from this position except Keith returning with something in his hand. Then he felt his wife's wet cunt grazing his ass, he jumped a little at the sticky feel of cum sliding down his ass. It didn't prepare him for what happened next. Her fingers or Keith's it was hard to tell maybe both were pulling his ass cheeks apart and lubing them up. He didn't dare protest as his ass opened up under their touch. He looked over and saw Keith putting on a condom and was unable to speak. They only had condoms in house for one reason that was so that if Helen ever felt like having anal sex, they would be safe. 

Keith moved from his view and the next thing he felt was what had to be Keith's cock knocking against his ass. He felt his ass tighten at first and then loosen up and in that moment the tip slide in. Keith groaned as Heath's ass tightened around him. He had never done this but when Helen asked as a special favor he agreed, and there was no turning back. His hands gripped Heath's ass kneading the flesh as resistance faded and inch after inch disappeared. He began gently thrusting in and out listening to Heath's strangled moans. Helen watched in disbelief, as Keith fucked her husband. It was intensely erotic and she wished Keith wasn't leaving so soon. She wondered who else she could get to fulfill this fantasy of hers and Heath's in the future. She smiled as she noticed thin strands of cum dripping off her husbands cock as he came once more. Keith groaned deeply and gripped her husband's butt tightly as he shoot off. He withdrew and thanked Helen for this opportunity. She helped him take the condom off noticing he was slowly fading. He gave her a brief kiss on cheek before collecting his clothes. He said good-bye to Heath and said that he would certainly never forget them and that he wasn't sorry they hadn't done this sooner.

She smiled and waved as he headed out door, she moved to Heath and helped him stand. His knees were weak and his cock utterly hard. She sat him down as she removed his shoes and pants. Finally untying him she sat down in his lap fitting his hard cock inside her. 

"I love you," he huskily whispered holding her close, unable to think straight much less take in all that had happened.

"We should do this again sometime," she whispered before snuggling up to him feeling perfectly content with his cock inside her motionless.

"Maybe next time it could be with another woman?" he softly suggested not wanting to push her but thinking now was a good time to implant the idea.

"Maybe," she whispered back. They sat there for long minutes before he finally stood holding her on his cock and carrying her to bed. She rode him in bed until she could take no more, his cock seemed unable to deflate or cum again. It was an interesting phenomenon, one she had plans on using as she finally pulled away and cleaned up herself. In the absence of stimulation Heath fell asleep but his cock didn't rest until morning when he woke up with his normal semi.

On the drive home Keith was barely able to believe what had happened, Helen and Heath had been incredible and he wondered if he'd ever enjoy such an intensely erotic and loving couple again.