 The actors in this script are of legal age. This is a work of adult erotic fiction and contains descriptions of sexual acts between consenting adults. If you're under the age of consent where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it is illegal to obtain adult literature where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it's entirely legal for you to read sexually explicit material, I hope you enjoy the story!

This story cannot be posted or reused elsewhere without the permission of this Author.

16

The remodeling is finally done and the place is like a Fur Palace. 

Martha has hired Gretchen. She has been enticed to join the shop as an in house Furrier with her own full facilities in the back. Gretchen has been setting up her new operations in the work rooms. Martha has authorized her to hire one or two part time helpers as well.

The Back Showroom is as fine as the upstairs with two nice large skylights to give it a nice open feel. There is a large kidney shaped couch fully capable of generously supporting a copulating couple with all the furs they could want. There are several other copulating Showrooms and a Fur Grotto Den with fireplace in the basement which is a general social area or can be used as a copulation Fur Den.

Other spaces as needed such as Toilets with shower and an Office. Also General Storage and other minor spaces. The basement of the building to the rear is being transformed into a large state-of-the-art Fur Cold Storage facility. The main floor of that building has a long term lease to an Insurance Agency which covers the mortgage payments for the whole building plus half the fur shop.

The little Furrier Couture Shop on the Boulevard with the cute garden entrance is financially secure and has unexpected depth. A perfect escape and Club House for those neighborhood Desperate Housewives who need some fantasies in their dull and uninteresting lives. They can stop in for a good cup of coffee, socializing, a fine fur and the finest copulation in the most magnificent of furs with a fine young stud.

Phil finally gets his first housewife. Since he's both shy and a virgin it's taken a bit for him to work up the nerve to make his first approach. This is after watching the other guys for several days now. It hasn't been for lack of instructions or desire. He has grown to love the furs and women with a passion. The idea and thrill of being able to do this has kept him in generous wet dreams since he was first introduced to the possibility hanging at the shop.

Most of the women who are clearly 'available' who come into the shop make themselves rather obvious. Some are here from word-of-mouth by now.

Phil senses Peggy's nervousness and choses her. She simply drops in quite by chance. She's offered coffee by Phil which she accepts in a very surprised manner. She hadn't expected such an offer in the Furrier Couture. She sits rather nervously at a small table in the midst of the furs.

Phil sits with her .... "Have anything particularly in mind for a fur ma am?"

"Not really. I'm not even sure why I stopped in. Just looked like such a warm and friendly place. I do think I would like a fur however. I've been thinking about it for some time now. What do you think would be a nice fur for me?"

Peggy hasn't been thinking of being unfaithful with her husband .. even thought she strongly suspects him of being unfaithful with her routinely. Their sex life is in the toilet anyway for no reason she can see having to do with herself? The young guy is being so nice and friendly in ways her husband never is. She's been wondering why she stays married to the guy? 

Peggy is average build and shapely. Her features are pleasant and distinctly Mediterranean with light olive skin and very dark, thick and curly dark brown hair. Phil is fascinated and enamored by her subtitle exotic beauty.

"Have you thought about what type of fur you would like?"

"Not even that."

"You just sit here and I'll bring some over for you to see and feel."

Phil goes for several of his favorites ... pulls the equivalent of a shopping cart, a small hanger rack on casters and loads it up with some furs. He brings it over to Peggy and pulls his chair up beside her. 

While she's sitting he drapes a nice dark Sable coat over her. It's very full and with a hood. She's instantly stroking and fondling it with a wry smile creeping across her face while looking at the fur then at Phil. Phil compulsively strokes the fur with her.

"I'll bet you like women in furs a lot .. don't you?" grinning very big and running her hand over his in the fur.

"Uhh .. yes ma am I do. Kinda why I got the job here." scooting a bit closer to her in his excitement.

"You sure picked just the right fur for me like you really knew exactly what I would look best in."

"You would look really beautiful wearing this one and many others we have."

"Yes I know .. and I know you are very sincere about your choices too .. You would like to do more than just stroke the fur while I'm wearing it ... wouldn't you?" 

Peggy wraps the Sable around her body in a seductive manner she never thought herself capable of. 

Phil is weak with lust for her.

"You are super wonderful wearing the fur. What guy wouldn't want to make love with you? Why don't you try this one?" getting another huge Sable an draping it over her.

Peggy stands up while Phil is doing this and backs into the fur racks. Phil wraps his arms around her and pulls her face into the Sable he's wearing. Peggie is quietly going crazy and shaking like crazy from what she knows she's about to do. Phil is fur fondling her energetically with his own excitement.

"We have more furs in our rear showroom. Would you like to see what we have there?"

"I sure would." as he leads her further back into the store.

Peggy is thrilled with the sight that greets her and lays back in the fur covered couch. Phil begins to pull out more Sables for her to examine. The door closes behind them quietly while Phil is standing by Peggie. She slowly and sensually slips down on the couch, pulling some of the furs around herself.

"Seems you could do anything with me you would like young man." pulling him down to her in the furs.

Phil straddles Peggy and begins slipping her sweater over her head without protest as she lifts her arms in the air to assist him. She's not wearing a bra for her small and firm tits. She helps him take off his shirt and is unbuckling his pants in her excitement. She pulls down his pants and shorts together.

"OH MY GOD boy!! You're twice my lame ass husband!"

Phil pulls down her skirt and panties. He's sucking her out instantly. Peggy slips into soft orgasms with the thrill of being eaten out by this young guy. Her thrill is all consuming as she grips his thick hair tight to her pussy. She's already having finer sex than ever in her life. The trill of wallowing in the soft furs while getting seduced by Phil is an overwhelming thrill as she orgasms again.

Peggy is now wanting Phil's big cock deep in her pussy and tugs at him to be on top of her. She grips his Sable and pulls him into her without preliminaries. Phil screws her with wild abandon. 

Peggy is thrilled beyond belief as she launches into uncontrolled orgasms like never before. It's then she decides she'll never have sex with her husband ever again. Not that he seems to be at all interested?

Phil is screwing her without pause. Seems he's as capable as the other guys. He's becoming quite proud of his new abilities as he continues to screw Peggy with more focused intent. She's getting the message and is craving more and more.

They screw until they can no longer hold themselves up and fall in the furs beside each other. After a long time of Phil fur fondling her with soft kisses she kisses him softly and dresses. She picks up the nicest of the Sable coats and wraps it back around herself.

"I'll take this one." and they go out to the sales counter to write up the sale. 

Peggy calls Veronica aside.

"I have to confess that I just had the most incredible sex of my life with your sales guy Phil. I'm not complaining in the least. So much so I would like to come back for more. I'm sure I'm asking too much?"

"We're so glad you were so completely satisfied ma am. We were aware of your actions and you are welcome to come back for all the gratification you feel is necessary. Maybe join our Club."

"I didn't know you had a club? What kind of club?"

"The Desperate Housewives Furrier Couture Club. Just agree to buy a fur from us with some regularity and you will be placed on our Register with preferred privileges."

"Wow ... are there others?"

"Not on the Register ... yet. You are the first to confess other than myself so you deserve to be our first official member."

"Oh my .. you make out here too?" 

"My new husband-to-be. He's an Architect I met here."

"So what are the privileges?"

"Discount on your fur purchases and lounging privileges with the sales guy of your choice. Well except for Fred. He's already taken .. Gennie's guy." 

"Sign me up. You won't have to worry about any sexually transmitted stuff either. My husband and me haven't had sex in well over a year and we won't at all now." she says with a grin

"Welcome to our club." Veronica says with a smile and just a bit of relief.

Veronica is glad that even if only on a speak easy level, the facts of what actually happens at the Furrier Couture is acknowledged. The stress of total secrecy was getting to her. Gennie and Fred seemed to thrive on it and so does Martha. 

That might have been OK when there were no more than half a dozen folks who knew what was going on but it's getting to be a larger number of housewives now. 

It's not that anyone is going to call out the Vice Squad, indeed a few have been nudged here by others. This will probably happen more often, Veronica is thinking.

17

In less than an hour another young woman cones into the store and is approached by Phil. His second today.

"Hi ma am. What can I do for you?" grinning large.

She's nervous and clearly new to furs. The real thing at any rate. She's tall and slender with long straight real blond hair. She clearly takes very good care of herself with her hair full and thick. She's stroking the furs carefully and with shaking hands and a look of amazement on her face. She's clearly getting very excited and jumps when Phil speaks to her. Phil is feeling much more confident now and she's not nearly so secure herself in the situation.

"Oh my .. I'm new to real furs and not sure what I want. I certainly would like some help."

"Maybe we start with fur types?"

"Sounds like a plan."

"What you were stroking is Norwegian Blue Fox. It's a very soft and luxurious long hair fur, especially in the thick full pelts like that and here is Shadow Fox which is even thicker and more luxurious." taking the large and very full coat from the hanger and draping it over her shoulders. 

Terri clutches it to her body like a lover as she grips the thick fur and buries her face in the huge and thick collar. She softly moans with the soft sensations.

Terri is becoming very distracted by the softness around her and by what she is now wearing. The more Phil talks to her about the softness of the furs and shows her the  other furs and pays such close attention to her the more excited and eager she is and the less nervous she is. 

She's removed the nice suit jacket she was wearing so she's down to her silk blouse without a bra so her nice nipples are showing very prominently with the soft draping silk flowing over her chest. Phil's eyes can't leave her sweet nipples. Finally Terri notices and just blushes as her nipples get larger and harder. 

She's beyond shy now but can't help but blush. The young guy ogling her tits is also very exciting for her. She finally realizes after Phil has been putting the make on her and has her sexually excited over the furs and now him ... the idea of having sex .. making love in furs is even more exciting to Terri.

"There are more fine furs in the rear showroom I would like to show you ma am." leading her willingly with both carrying some choice furs Terri likes.

"Oh my ... this is incredible!!" gasping at the acres of furs in the small room. 

Phil pulls out a grand Golden Island Fox coat which smothers her. She's instantly in love with it and Phil begins fondling her more generously than before. Terri responds by wrapping her arms around Phil and the Arctic Fox he's wearing. They hug and begin kissing passionately in the middle of the room. Terri is overcome with sexual passions like never before. The thrill alone of this illicit behavior has her heart racing.

She pulls them down to sitting on the fur covered couch while hugging Phil to her. She wants the physical contact she has been missing and craving for quite some time now. The situations are just too tempting for Terri. The furs have simply taken her over the top. The door quietly closes and they are alone together with all the furs. 

Terri is being more generously and directly fur fondled. Her silk blouse is little protection from Phil's firm grip even with the furs. Terri moans with delight as her tits are being firmly fondled. They kiss with Terri nudging and sucks on Phil's lips like she's eating an ice cream cone. She's hungry for love and passion in her life. Phil is already pulling her skirt down and she's taking off his pants. Her blouse is open and her tits are being fur fondled with a Crystal Island Fox throw to her delight. The soft furry sensations on her breasts is more than she can handle. 

Phil has pushed her back on the couch furs and she's wantonly squirming in the softness.

Terri spreads her legs and Phil plunges into her pussy to her surprise and delight. He's passionately sucking her out and she's fur fondling herself softly as she squirms in the couch furs, drifting off into an incredibly lush and sensual dreamland like none before. Her husband or any other man has never come close to doing this for her. 

Phil is deep into her before she fully realizes she's being screwed as never before .. it's so seamless and sensual that in her dream state it's a wonderful and lush wash of softness and passion. She's humping back to him as hard as he thrusts into her. She's like an ocean wave to Phil as he thrusts long and smoothly into her long, undulating body.

Terri is wracked time and time again with massive orgasms. She was never able to orgasm very often and most often not at all with her husband. She fakes them with him. Now she can't control them they are coming so strongly and rapidly. They are incredibly wonderful as she shakes with powerful contractions and release. Terri realizes she can't live without repeating this experience.

After what seems an incredible eternity to Terri they lay back in the furs, looking up at the cloud mural with birds and two cherubs painted on the ceiling well lit by the skylights.

"Looks like someone expected us to be looking up at the ceiling at some point in your sales effort Phil. Pretty mural ... Phil is still fingering her wet pussy and she's still in a euphoric state of mind ... Can we do this again?"

"I'm certain of that Ma am. Just talk to Veronica when you pay for your coat. The big Crystal Island Fox ... right?"

"Of course." rolling over and kissing Phil. 

They dress and Terri wraps the Crystal Island Fox around her like a lover as they go out to the sales desk. Gennie writes her up and Terri asks Veronica if she could talk in private.

"I'm not sure what to say other than I took advantage of your young sales person today and it's something I would like to repeat .. often."

"Would you like to join our new Fur Club?"

"Huh?"

"The Desperate Housewives Furrier Couture Club. Just agree to buy a fur from time to time and we will put you on our preferred register with all the privileges and perks like an automatic discount after two or more furs. Of course this is in strictest confidence." 

"Oh my! You mean I can come here and socialize with Phil anytime I would like?"

"Pretty much .. that is unless he's busy with another customer. It would be good to call ahead for an appointment."

"I can't tell you what this means to me. I have truly been desperate. Sign me up but please don't send me any mailers. Email me please."

Terri gets her card and leaves with a grin of ultimate satisfaction hugging herself in her magnificent fur.

When Terri's husband gets home that evening, late ... "I know you are screwing many different women George. One's from your office and elsewhere. You can keep it up without any pretenses but in exchange I get to buy any and all furs I wish and you stay totally out of my life as well. Separate bedrooms as well. Agreed?"

George sits in stunned silence for long moments while he's being found out and the terms of this agreement sink in.

"Oh and if you have any reservations .. my Lawyer will slap divorce papers on you within an hour. Complete with photographic evidence."

Further silence while the non-negotiable situation sinks in. Finally .. "OK."

"You sleep in the Guest room tonight. Oh .. and if you want to bring home your whores after we get our own rooms set up .. that's OK too. Don't want you to be too uncomfortable with this arrangement."

Terri leaves a message for an appointment with Phil for the following afternoon. Nancy calls back on her cell phone right after opening the shop and they set a time. Nancy calls Phil to clear it with him. Also she calls Greg to cover for Phil. It's Phil's regular day.

That afternoon Terri comes into the shop and is greeted by Phil.

"Hi Terri. I have a special display set up for us in a private room." and she follows him to the basement like a pet puppy.

They enter a small but opulently fur appointed room in the basement with a large couch which is covered in Lynx and other furs around the room. Terri is quickly loosing her clothes and is in the furs in expectation of Phil fucking her into her finest fantasies. She's not disappointed. Phil screws and makes love with Terri for over an hour. 

As they are leaving she hears soft moaning from another room in the basement and has a sudden flash of passion. She realizes other housewives are having their needs fulfilled as well. She feels an unexpected satisfaction .. like she really does belong to a very special club of other wives seeking satisfaction.

When Terri gets upstairs she goes over to Gennie and hands her two hundred dollar bills. 

"Please put this to a fur account for Phil?"

"I certainly will. I take it you are satisfied with our customer service?" with a huge grin.

"I have never been so totally satisfied .. anywhere over anything I've ever done."

She leaves hugging herself again in her magnificent fur.

A bit later Debbie comes up from the basement having made love with Bob for well over an hour. She has a big grin and is still stroking her tits with her fur. 

"Say Gennie .. here is a hundred fifty for Bob's tip jar. It just gets better and better with him." smiling big while still fondling herself.

All the way home Debbie fur fondles her tits and pussy up her skirt with her furs.

18

Martha, Veronica, Frank, Nancy, Fred and Gennie get together for a business discussion in the upstairs Studio after the shop closes that afternoon.

"I created the Club from our joke because it had become a reality." Veronica says.

"Boy .. I never in my wildest fantasies ever thought this would end up where we are now. I guess we have to tend to the beast we have created." Martha says.

"I think it's a marvelous idea .. wherever it came from." Nancy says.

"This is why the remodeling if you haven't guessed." Frank says.

"It's creating an embarrassment of wealth however. Each guy is now accumulating a Fur Account from the women wanting to financially reward their lover. Too embarrassed to call it payment for sexual services. We're running a male whore house!"
