 Andie woke when a pair of hands parted her legs. The tall redhead opened her eyes, then decided it was of no use in the dark bedroom. She briefly wondered who her visitor was as a warm body settled between her parted thighs. She sighed as the thick tip of a firm cock slowly nudged her labia apart and penetrated her. Although she had her own room, as the only woman in a house full of men, Andie was used to such late-night visits. Truth be told, she would have been disappointed if no one had crept into her room.

The man slid into her quivering pussy easily and began to gently thrust into her. As the pleasure spread through her trembling body, Andie thought back to how she had come to be in such a situation . . . 

As a bartender in a popular local club, Andie had just about seen or heard it all. She had watched the nightly pick-up game played out thousands of times. While she hadn't quite become cynical, she had lost a certain degree of respect for her gender. It seemed no matter how sleazy the guy, there was a woman more than willing to jump into his arms, and probably his bed. Andie just shook her head and did her job, unwittingly helping the sleazy men in plying their prey with the alcohol which was so necessary to complete their plans.

Andie considered herself lucky. She was rather tall, about 5'10", and very good looking. Nature had graced her with a fine body, which she worked to keep in shape. She had a good job, a decent guy, a dependable car, and a nice apartment. Her boyfriend, Jerry, was a sales representative for a large warehouse equipment company. Although he had asked her several times, she had resisted the temptation to move in with him, preferring to keep her own apartment and, therefore, her independence. All in all, she had a happy life. At least she had a happy life until the night the bar manager had called her into his office.

He explained to her that the owner had had a sudden heart attack. While he was recovering nicely, he was expected to retire. The night club would be closing. Andie took the news in stride. She knew she could find another job easily, but was rather saddened by leaving her regular customers.

Finding another job had proved to be a bit more difficult than she had expected. There were several other nightclubs in town, but they had all told her the same thing: they would gladly accept her application, but they were currently fully staffed. As her savings slowly disappeared, she grew more and more sullen. After a particularly bad day of job hunting, a dejected Andie finally gave in to Jerry's offer to move in with him.

"Move in with him," was a rather ridiculous phrase. Jerry didn't live alone. Living near an Army post, and having a very large house, Jerry supplemented his income by renting rooms to some of the soldiers. He currently had eight roommates. While living in a house full of men didn't really appeal to her, she saw no other way at the moment. Jerry and three of his roommates helped her move her belongings into Jerry's house.

The first few weeks went by uneventfully as she struggled to settle in, find a job, and get to know everyone all at the same time. The guys gave her plenty of space. At first she was concerned about her privacy, but the guys were all very nice men and went out of their way to make her feel at home. Andie quickly began to feel like a part of "the family." 

Jerry's work schedule demanded that he go out of town for long periods of time for sales calls and customer service requests. It was during one of these trips that Andie's whole life changed.

On a Friday night, her third week of living in the house, the guys decided to have a barbecue. Huge amounts of steak, sweet corn, potatoes, and beer were soon brought into the house. The smell of food slowly cooking on the grill quickly brought her out of her funk. While Andie usually just left the guys to their own devices, she was feeling particularly lonely with Jerry away. She readily accepted their invitation to join them for dinner.

Tying her long, red hair into a pony tail, she helped the guys prepare the food. The stereo was turned up, and the beer flowed. Andie found herself having more fun than she'd had since moving in. Although she wore a simple tank top and pair of shorts, she thought she noticed the guys paying a bit more attention to her than usual. She shrugged it off, thinking it was just her imagination.

After a fabulous dinner, the stereo was turned down and the group settled down in the living room. Andie found herself sitting in a chair, opposite David, Jim, and Ed on the couch. As they chatted, she noticed the guys on the couch paying particular attention to her lower body. Glancing downward, she saw they were peering up the leg of her shorts and had an excellent view of her panty-clad crotch. Trying to act as nonchalant as possible, she excused herself to her room to change.

Andie felt their eyes upon her as she walked down the hall. She smiled to herself and added a little more swing to her hips as she stepped into her room. Entering her room, she quickly closed the door and leaned against it. Feeling flushed, she tried to calm the sudden butterflies in her tummy. As she steadied her nerves, she removed her shorts. On a sudden whim, she slipped her hand into her panties and over her fiery red pubic mound. She inhaled sharply when she discovered her labia were thick and distended. Her pussy was absolutely soaked.

Andie's mind was in turmoil. She admitted to herself that she was extremely excited by the guys peeking at her that way, but knew she couldn't encourage anything further. Jerry was a nice guy and she could never do anything to hurt him. Her middle finger traced its way upward, from between her wide-spread labia, toward her clitoris. She moaned to herself as the finger tip spread her moisture over the firm little bud. Biting her lower lip, she steadied herself and pulled her panties off, tossing them onto her bed. She felt herself blush as she pulled her shorts back on and opened her door.

After a brief stop in the bathroom, Andie reappeared in the living room. Ed was in the midst of putting a tape into the VCR. Moving toward her chair, she noticed the furniture had been rearranged to where her chair was opposite all the others. She knew all eight of the guys now had an unobstructed view, up her shorts, of her nearly nude pussy.

Sitting down in the chair, she saw the guys looking at her in an embarrassed silence.

"What's wrong?" She suddenly asked.

"Well, we thought you were going to your room," Jim answered after a long pause. "We were going to watch a tape."

"Well, let's watch it," she replied, getting up to move her chair to where she could see the TV.

The guys looked at each other nervously. Ed actually blushed beet red as he said, "Well, it's not exactly the kind of tape you show to just anyone."

Quickly catching the hint, Andie smiled broadly at the embarrassed group. "Ahh, you guys were going to watch a porno movie,"she giggled. "Well, don't let me stop you. I haven't seen one in years."

The guys were taken aback, to say the least, at her openness. Truth be told, Andie surprised herself with her sudden admission, not to mention her sudden excitement. 

"What am I doing?" She thought to herself as she placed her chair next to the couch.

Swallowing deeply to catch her voice, she said, "Well, let's see it."

If anything, Ed blushed a deeper crimson. "Are you sure?" He stammered.

"Yeah,"she nervously replied.

Ed silently pushed the "Play"button on the VCR and moved away from the TV. Andie watched as a cute little blonde appeared in the middle of the screen. The amateurish camera work told her that this was definitely not a professional product. The girl on the screen was talking to someone off camera as she undressed. Andie watched as the blonde moved closer to the camera and knelt before the cameraman. She swallowed hard as the girl unzipped the man's pants and drew out a rather sizable penis. Andie's eyes remained riveted to the screen as the girl abruptly swallowed the erect cock to its base. 

"Wow,"she heard one of the guys mumble as the blonde's head bobbed back and forth on the rigid organ.

"Who's the lucky guy holding the camera?" Barry asked from his chair.

"Her husband," Ed replied with a smile.

The cameraman did a reasonable job of holding the camera still as the blonde enthusiastically worked on his cock. A pair of hands suddenly wrapped around the girl, cupping her tiny breasts. It appeared they weren't alone. Quickly looking over at the group of men, she noticed bulges growing in their laps. Greg was surreptitiously stroking his growing erection through his jeans. Her attention returned to the TV when she heard the cameraman announce that he was getting ready to cum.

The girl swallowed the organ to the base once again and groaned. Another hand held her head as she swallowed repeatedly. Her throat muscles appeared to be working overtime as they struggled to keep up with the flow of semen. Finally it appeared she had succeeded in draining the cameraman, and leaned back, admiring the softening penis as it fell from between her lips.

Andie felt her pussy moistening even more as she wriggled in her chair. The guys glanced over at her at times, gauging her reaction to the tape. She felt their eyes on her as she repeatedly crossed and uncrossed her legs. She chanced a look over at the guys and saw Greg's hand stroking the fully grown lump in his crotch with a bit more determination. Looking upward, she found herself looking directly into his eyes. She quickly turned her head back to the TV.

The girl had climbed into the center of the king-sized bed and was holding her legs wide open for a nude man who was positioning himself to go down on her. Andie looked closer at the vaguely familiar shape of the man's head as he obviously penetrated the blonde's clean-shaven pussy with his tongue. Looking back over at the guys, she saw them all staring intently at her, smiling. She instantly recognized the man on the screen.

"Is that you Ed?" Andie asked.

Ed smiled and nodded. "Greg is in this too," he added.

Greg's smile grew broader as Andie returned her attention to the tape. The blonde was now licking Greg's rather large cock as Ed tongued her pussy. The woman groaned as her hips thrashed about on the bed, very obviously cumming.

Andie watched in rapt fascination as Ed lifted himself from the writhing woman's crotch and slid himself upward. Andie's held her breath momentarily when she saw the size of Ed's cock. It was absolutely huge. She shuddered inwardly as the head of the huge erection slowly began to disappear into the moaning girl. Her pussy immediately became even wetter. She suddenly jumped when she felt a pair of hands touch her shoulders.

Ed stood behind her, smiling. Andie swallowed as she felt a tremor in her tummy. Her vagina was soaked, she was sure. As the tiny blonde on the TV screamed that she was cumming, Andie looked deep into Ed's eyes. She then felt a hand on her leg. A shudder crept through her as it traveled up her thigh. The redhead resisted the temptation to look down to see who was touching her. She inhaled deeply as the hand slid up the leg of her shorts and finally touched her bare pussy. Ed leaned down and kissed her deeply, allowing his hands to travel down to cup her now heaving breasts. 

A sudden chill hit her tummy as her tank top was lifted and her shorts were slid down to her hips. Breathing heavily into Ed's mouth, he lifted her hips to allow her shorts to slide down to her ankles. The hand returned. A finger teased its way between her thick lips and toyed with her wet opening. It then retreated to find her clitoris. It stayed there, spreading her lubrication, rubbing tiny circles over the throbbing organ.

Andie suddenly broke the kiss with Ed and slumped forward as the finger retreated and a tongue split her labia, penetrating her. Her hips thrust upward of their own will as her upper body fell backward into the chair. She closed her eyes when she felt Ed's hands tease her now nude breasts. A mouth suddenly covered one of her nipples. Andie groaned as the other nipple was quickly engulfed by another gently sucking mouth. Ed tilted her head back and kissed her deeply once again. Her muffled moans soon added to the impassioned squeals coming from the TV.

The tongue on her fiery pussy slid in and out of her, sending chills throughout her body. Her hips undulated in the same rhythm, driving it deeper inside her. A finger traced its way down her tummy and found her clitoris. Andie groaned heavily into Ed's mouth as the finger tip traced tiny circles over the throbbing bud. She breathed deeply through flaring nostrils as she felt her first orgasm approaching.

Andie squealed into Ed's mouth as the waves of pleasure flowed through her. She reached out and pulled the head between her outstretched thighs tighter into her spasming pussy. Hands gently stroked her body as the mouths teased and tormented her pert nipples. Suddenly she seemed to collapse inward upon her self as the orgasm washed through her.

She vaguely heard the guys murmuring to each other, then felt her body being gently lifted, then placed on the couch. Her mind told her that she had to stop. She couldn't do this to Jerry. The girl on the TV screen thrashed about as Ed's huge cock slammed into her tiny pussy repeatedly. Andie's hips writhed in silent invitation as she felt someone crawl between her widespread legs. Her apprehension was short lived as she felt the head of a very thick penis slide between her engorged labia and begin to tunnel its way into her quivering pussy. Andie's eyes opened and grew large as the thick organ continued its way inside her. Greg whispered into her ear for her to relax as he steadily drove his cock into the redhead. The girl on the TV twitched as Ed's cock withdrew from her, his cum leaking out of her pussy and trickling down to her ass. The redhead panted heavily under the man as his cock finally filled her to the hilt.

Greg held perfectly still as he felt her inner muscles begin to twitch around his heavy cock. He looked up at the rest of the men gathered around them and smiled. The TV was quickly forgotten as her hips began to undulate beneath him. She whispered huskily for him to fuck her. Greg looked back down at the woman's heaving breasts and began to slowly rock his hips forward.

Andie felt her excitement rise as the first stroke threatened to make her orgasm. She moaned to herself as the thick organ slowly slid back and forth inside her. Her hands clutched at Greg's buttocks as she pulled him deeper inside her, grinding her crotch into his. The redhead inhaled deeply as the cock filled her repeatedly. Sensing someone else standing over her, she opened her eyes to see Larry stroking his now rigid cock. She looked at the hard cock and opened her mouth wide in invitation.

Larry stepped forward and slipped his rigid cock between Andie's lips. He shuddered as her warm mouth closed around him. Her tongue bathed the underside of the rubbery tip, then slid down the firm shaft. His hips moved forward, sliding more of his hardness into her mouth. The redhead sucked him greedily.

Greg watched the woman hungrily take his friend into her mouth right in front of him. He watched as her mouth moved along the shaft, her cheeks hollowing slightly as she sucked him firmly. He increased his tempo as the sight increased his excitement. Andie reacted by groaning and undulating her hips even faster. Greg knew he couldn't hold out much longer. Her tight inner muscles milked at his cock as he began plunging himself into the writhing woman. She inhaled deeply and began to orgasm around him as his own climax overtook him.

Andie dropped the hard cock from her mouth and pulled Greg's erupting cock deeper into her spasming pussy. The jets of hot semen splashed inside her as she thrashed about beneath him. Greg froze as his climax thundered through him, his hips locked fully forward. She slammed her hips upward into him as she milked him of his hot liquid. Greg suddenly collapsed on top of the woman, pinning her body under his considerable weight. When his senses finally returned, he lifted himself off of her and withdrew. Getting to his feet, he made room for David, who was stroking his already hard cock in preparation for his turn to fuck the hot redhead.

Andie actually growled as David's hard cock slammed into her. David fucked into the woman with a fast, furious pace, driving Greg's cum out of her pussy to pool on the cushion beneath her. She moaned loudly as she held her shaking breasts. Her fingers split around the stiff nipples, as if offering them to the man furiously pounding into her cum-filled pussy. She felt the previous load spill out of her pussy and trickle down to her ass. Larry again placed his stiff cock into her mouth in an attempt to quiet her impassioned screams.

With the pace David kept, he couldn't control his climax for long. His hips were a blur as he pummeled the woman with his rock hard cock. Andie sucked even harder on the cock filling her mouth as David's cock swelled and exploded inside her. Her hips jerked violently as his scalding semen burst forth into her clutching vagina.

Larry lunged forward with a shout and erupted into her mouth. Tears streamed down Andie's cheeks as the two cocks bucked and jumped, unloading themselves into the woman simultaneously. She gulped noisily as she worked to swallow the healthy spurts of semen. Her hips ground into David as his emission mixed with Greg's and flowed out of her soaked crotch. She was approaching another orgasm as David slumped forward with a groan. Larry withdrew from her hungry mouth and stumbled backward to sit on a nearby coffee table.

Several hands quickly moved David out of the way, then lifted Andie to her hands and knees. Resting her head on the back of the couch, the panting woman knelt on the couch, ready for the next man to fuck her to climax. Cum ran down her thigh in a steady stream and pooled behind her knee. She closed her eyes and wiggled her hips a little, inviting the assembled crowd to fill her again.

Jim unzipped his pants and stepped forward. Andie groaned as he held her hips and penetrated her completely in one stroke. Her cum-filled pussy gave no resistance as he quickly stroked himself in and out of her. Her breath came in short gasps as the man fucked into her hard and fast. Ed walked around behind the couch and offered his massive cock to her hungry mouth.

Andie's eyes grew wide when she saw Ed's huge organ. She leaned forward and gave the huge purple head a tentative lick. A lone droplet of pre-cum drooled from the very tip. She lapped at it greedily as her lips parted to accept the organ. Ed slowly slipped the head of his heavy cock between her moist lips and shuddered. Andie groaned as she felt the wide cock fill her mouth. Although she could only take the first two inches of the massive shaft, she reveled in the velvety soft feel of it.

Jim continued to pound into the woman from behind, driving her forward onto Ed's cock. He wet a thumb in the combined liquids pouring from the woman's still tight pussy and gently rubbed it over her upturned anus. Her hips wiggled as the digit teased her rear passage. Andie exploded in orgasm as the tip of the thumb pried into her ass and slowly slipped inside.

The redhead dropped Ed's rigid tool and screamed as the convulsions overtook her body. She suddenly felt hands hold onto her breasts as the thumb slid further into her. The cock dancing deep within the walls of her pussy seemed to expand as the man fucked her faster. She shook all over as the sexual tension crashed through her, slowly draining from her, only to increase as the thumb wiggled inside her tight ass. Ed held her head still and slid his cock back into her mouth. She inhaled deeply as her inner muscles convulsed around the cock drilling into her so deliciously. Jim groaned as he suddenly exploded, releasing his pent up load of hot semen to wash through her velvety vagina, only to be driven out of her with each forward thrust.
