 Author's Note: The only thanks we get are your comments and e-mails. Please let us know how you like these stories. What's good, and what's not so good. Thank you.

Chapter 13 

John's Turn

A round of polite applause rang out, filling the bedroom and strangely enough, caused Argie to blush. A stranger to Argie approached the bed upon which she and the black Adonis lay. It was the "Voice" who turned out to be a handsome man in his mid-forties, and he took Argie's hand in his and said, "Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you the newest member of The Club! Wasn't she just grand?"

A roar of approval went up from the onlookers, and Argie's heart filled with pride. She looked frantically about for her husband, and found him standing behind a woman who appeared to be about thirty, wearing a skimpy black cocktail dress. Instinctively, she knew the woman had designs on him. Jealousy flared up for a moment, and then died. She had after all, sucked ten different cocks. John had as yet done nothing. And this was their initiation. 'Would he be going down on as many women?' she wondered.

"And now, Ladies and Gentlemen, would you all please join me in the Green Room for the second of this evening's initiations? Mr. John Franck, will you please follow me?"

"Argie," Adonis said, taking her arm, "let's see how good a man you're married to."

"He's good, Adonis," she replied. "He's probably too good for his own good." Then she laughed and hopped off the bed to stand next to him, her breasts jouncing in the process.

"My, I knew you were big, but I didn't realize just how big," she said teasingly as she stood next to him.

Adonis made his cock jump, and she recoiled in surprise, and then began laughing. "I hoped you were quick to recover," she said, taking his ebony member in hand.

"No, don't start," he said. "Not until your husband is finished. Then we'll have the evening to ourselves . . . or I should say to whomever."

"Are you saying you'll be sharing me with someone else?" she asked impishly.

"It's the house rules, my dear. We share and share and share and share. Until dawn's early light."

"I like these rules, Adonis, I really do. So, let's see how my Johnny boy does."

 *****