 For years we had flirted, teased, and come tantalizingly close to sexual exploration, but had managed to unfortunately keep our distance through high school, college and several years beyond. Then an unexpected alignment of the stars brought us together and led to one night of incredible sexploration. At the time our marriages were crap and falling to pieces. When we returned to our separate lives both of our marriages completely crumbled. Over the next six months, Jack and I exchanged numerous e-mails and phone calls. We were living on different coasts which prohibited sexual play, and we were also openly dating other people. 

Ironically, about a year after our divorces we both received a small chunk of money and had a week off without children. We talked about various possibilities for our first official date--Barcelona, Amsterdam, Vancouver, Buenos Aires, but I don't think there ever was any question on where we would end up. Repeatedly we talked about a nude resort and discussed the fruit of our separate internet searches, reservations were made and off we traveled to an adult resort outside of Cancun.

Notions of fun and adventure circulated through our brains, along with a good deal of intrepidation. Despite my nerves, I also had to smile at the fact that in a little over a year I would be knocking off two of my lifelong fantasies. 

Stepping off the plane we were soaked with warm humid sunshine and the invigorating smell of the tropics. My shoulders relaxed and my special regions began to tingle in anticipation of the unknown that lay ahead. The warmth and sunshine made this a most perfect place.

After gathering our luggage, we were met by a greeter then joined another couple for the drive to the resort. They looked to be in their mid-thirties. She had naturally curly brown hair that floated down past her shoulders, a splendid olive complexion, big brown eyes and a fabulous figure. He was much lighter, with light brown hair, dark blue eyes and an athletic build. Hell, if these were the type of people that the resort drew, than I would be in heaven as I would not have any problems sharing myself with either of them. 

We introduced ourselves and learned they were Mr. and Mrs. Eelam who lived outside of Seattle, Washington. This was their second trip to the resort, and said their first trip had been on a dare, but they loved it. We asked general questions about the resort, and of things to do in the area. As they answered I couldn't help but stare at her gorgeous, full, succulent lips, and how tempting her breasts looked. It would be heaven to run my fingers through her hair while kissing her lips and playing with her body. It was all I could do not to ask them a million sex questions. Whenever he answered one of our questions, his blue eyes sailed right into me, which made my tingle worse. 

Less then an hour later we drove across a bridge, with the driver enthusiastically pointing out the alligators and advising us to swim naked in the ocean, and not under the bridge. After crossing the alligator infested lagoon we pulled up to a beautiful wide open building and checked in. Our room had an ocean view, and we were told that nudity was allowed throughout the resort except in the restaurants. We then were escorted to our room. Inside it was much larger then expected. The floors were made of clay tile, a large king sized bed sat in the middle, with white gauze canopying down, and mirrors above the bed emphasized this resort was about sex. 

The restroom was small, but there was a balcony outside a French door with a small table and chairs. This would be an excellent location to watch the sunset and admire the nude sunbathers below. 

We tipped our baggage carrier, closed the door and then I breathed a huge sigh. "Jack, can you believe we are here? What should we do?" His response was to softly pick me up, and than toss me onto the bed.

"How about we get undressed and see what grows?" Jack was certainly not going to move slowly as with our previous bit of fun. He lay down on top of me as I spread my legs to ensure we were comfortable. Our lips met and we hungrily explored one another's mouth, as we began to grind hips. A few minutes into our kissing session, he sat up and began to disrobe me. Once I was naked, he stripped his clothes off and returned to the bed with his erect cock sticking straight up. 

A minute later, he was back between my spread legs and guiding his cock into me. It felt delicious as it entered my tight slit. Despite my horniness pushing him into me, I teased him by asking, "Where is the foreplay?" But my beaming smile likely betrayed that sometimes there is nothing wrong with a good quick fuck. 

"It'll cum my darling, but I just want to screw you so bad as I have rerun our last session a million times through my head and just can't wait another second to be buried deep within you." His cock felt so good inside of me. Hard, ridged and warm which meshed perfectly with my pussy. Almost immediately, his hands jumped to my small breasts and began to tease and pull on my sensitive nipples. 

This time it did not seem like Jack would never cum, rather he reached his climax much too quickly. A little teasing was in order, "That sure was a quickie." 

"All part of my plan, my little nymph. Here, why don't you lick me clean and I'll see how well I can dance this pocket rocket around your flower." 

I just wanted a little relief and easily would have accepted either of his offers as I do love to tease a cock with my tongue, and to have an orgasm at the same would be nice. Having both was marvelous.

It didn't take long for me to have his cock shining and hard, and to get a little much welcomed relief. Jack helped me along by using both the pocket rocket and a small soft dildo. After about five minutes of teasing and swallowing his cock, I gave up. The pleasures he was causing me down below were too much.

At first Jack worked me towards a tizzy by lightly applying the rocket all over my outer lips and then teasing my clitoris. In no time, I started to slowly push forward to gain more contact. Jack complied by putting the rocket directly on my clit. This began to distract me from my task. When I began to softly moan, Jack took the dildo and placed its head at the entrance of my pussy then slowly began to push it in. My natural lubricants were flowing in excess. After another minute, I could only focus of my pleasures and let his cock slip from my mouth.

Soon I had the bed sheet clenched in my fists and hungrily arched my bottom upwards to meet the growing thrusts. The soft gel cock felt nice, but was nothing like the real McCoy. However, in combination with the rockets vibrations it placed me on a soon to come path. It didn't take long for my relief to arrive. A tingling electric buzz spread from my inner pussy outward, and rapidly spread across my body causing tremors and seizures of bliss. I never wanted this to end.

Jack shocked me by pulling the fake cock out of me and turning off the little toy. A few big orgasms had already rocked my body, followed by several small ones that gave me a taste of electric bliss. I was building towards a big one when Jack stopped his loving. "Michelle, put this on," he instructed as he tossed me a sheer black robe. 

"What are you doing, Jack?"

"Get a move on, it is part of my plan. Here I'll help you." He grabbed me and pulled me off the bed while feeding my arms through the robe, which barely covered me as it only came to my thighs and was completely shear. My nipples and pussy were easily visible. 

"Michelle, do you still feel horny?"

"Yes." I turned to face him and grabbed his cock and began to stroke it in a firm gentle manner. "And how do you propose to help me?" His resistance and determination were weakening so I continued my massage and moved in for a charged kiss and to grind his loins. 

"You are a seductive vixen, aren't you my horny one?"

"Ahhh, alas, I must disagree for I have no ill temper, just a will to temper this rock." As I continued to stroke his shaft I went in for another kiss. 

"Damn you Michelle!" Jack grunted. He then picked me up by my ass until my pussy was at the head of his cock. I reached down to help guide it in. Once the head was inside he practically dropped me and filled me all at the same time.

"Unhhhh," was my only response. I got exactly what I wanted, and inside was beaming with myself. Slowly, he began to take slow steps, but not towards the bed. As we thrust together I suddenly felt him reach for something and heard the door open. Just as I turned around in disbelief to confirm my suspicion, Jack pulled me off and escorted me outside. 

"Jack, what the hell are you doing?"

"All part of my plan my little seducer. You wanted to live on the edge and that is what we are going to do. Our first stroll through this nude playground of paradise will not only be nude, but with your lips fully swollen, dripping and so so ready for more attention." 

When Jack told me about his plan my mind initially screamed "no.' Then I thought about it, and realized the stroll could be fun---Assuming I kept my cool, and hey Jack was beside me with a raging slickened hard-on. We walked halfway down our steps when Jack announced he forgot our shades. He bounced up the stairs and entered the room to retrieve them. When he returned a few minutes later I noticed his erection was gone and asked what took so long. 

"Had trouble finding my shades, here are yours."

"What the hell happened to Mr. Hardie?"

"Ahh, you noticed. Amazing what a little cold water will do. It's called shrinkage. I didn't want it to distract anyone from noticing your state." With that he pulled me into him and began to kiss me. As he did so his fingers snaked into my pussy and opened my lips wide while his thumb tweaked my clit. He was damn right about my pussy being swollen, wet and aching for attention. A minute later he pulled away, grabbed my hand and said, "Let's go."

Our room was on the far side of the resort, approximately two blocks from the nude beach, pool and large upstairs jetted pool. It was mid-afternoon so I didn't expect too many people out. Jack led me down the path towards the pool. The first person we passed was a lady in her mid-40's with a reasonably fit body. She smiled and said hello, but her eyes were hidden behind sunglasses. 

A block further we arrived at the pool. There were five or six couples in the pool and a half dozen or so ladies sunbathing on loungers. Jack pulled two loungers together near the pool's corner and draped towels over the chairs. He surely picked this spot as anyone who wanted to refresh their drink would have to walk right by us or navigate the jungle of recliners behind us. 

"So Michelle, would you care for a splash of Mexican tequila or something else?"

How cute of him to remember my drink of choice at the conference. "How about a Tecate and a shot of their best tequila. And don't forget to get a ton of limes and some salt." Jack trotted off with a smile, and as he walked towards the bar I had a wonderful view of his butt. It was a good thing that Jack remembered our sunglasses as now I was free to ogle and stare at all the bodies and activities going on around the pool. 

The ladies tanning were, of which I was now one, pretending not to notice the open nakedness about them or reading a novel. However, the people in the pool were active. One couple was playing tag, two couples huddled together and laughing, one couple appeared to be trying to actually work out by doing laps and then there was the couple in the corner opposite me. She would dive underwater and then come up gulping for air then share a hot kiss with her partner. There was no doubt in anyone's mind about what sport they were enjoying. 

A gentleman walked by and turned his head to admire my body. Even with sunglasses on it was obvious he noticed, and was staring at, my swollen vulva. When he was about five feet away he finally looked upwards, smiled and mouthed a hello. As Jack was returning with the drinks carefully balanced in his hands, another gentleman walked by and had an identical reaction which was entirely witnessed by Jack. 

"Looks like people are enjoying the fine pussy view. And hey, how can I blame them? It looks so yummy."

Jack's comment caused my face to flush and in response all I could do is smile then look away. Jack used a foot to push a small plastic table next to my chair and set the drinks down. He handed me a shot glass, rimmed with salt, and a lime then added, "The bartender said you better drink it quick as the flies in the area love to dive into the shot glasses and drink themselves into oblivion." 

"I haven't seen a single fly here. And who cares. Bottoms up!" With that I tilted my head back and the not so smooth tequila raced down my throat leaving behind a trail of fire. Quickly I bit into the lime and then squealed out an "ahhhhhhh." Jack had taken my cold Tecate chaser and was rubbing the metal can against my nipples. "You shit!" 

"I love the way your tits look when your nipples are tightly puckered up, and together with your swollen lips you look fucking hot. And the prize for hottest girl at the resort is one thirst quenching cold Tecate, and it goes to you Miss Michelle." 

I grabbed the cold beer from his hand and took a swig to quell the tequila flames. Jack was still standing there ogling my body and his cock was starting to demonstrate it could once again defy gravity. We smiled away at each other for a few seconds, and then he bent down on one knee and brought his face within a few inches of mine. As he raised my shades, Jack asked, "Are you having fun Michelle?" 

My answer was a simple, "Yes!"

Jack then closed the gap and we began an open mouth kiss. As our moist tongues massaged their counterpart, Jack tweaked my nipples then slipped his hand down between my legs. It was a bit alarming to have someone play with my pussy in public view, yet thrillingly exciting. The longer our kiss continued the further Jack teased my opening. Initially, I tried to keep my legs closed to limit the access of Jack's tingling fingers. While my mind was unsure how I would respond if "caught," my pussy sure didn't care and gradually my legs eased open. 

Eagerly, Jack pumped a finger and then two into me. A new wave of wetness was released and hungrily I pulled Jack towards me to prolong our kiss. His fingers felt marvelous. At some point I noticed someone walk by and that the pool people were smiling at us and one lady gave me a thumbs up. I couldn't believe I was doing this and getting off on it. Another minute of play went by and Jack pulled away. I let him go, but with not much prodding I would have easily relented to a greater demonstration.

"Just want to make sure we keep your love unit moist. Hope you don't mind. Open your mouth." I complied with a questioning look. Jack then placed his wet fingers onto my tongue. "Taste your velvet."

With a smile I softly sucked on his digits and enjoyed my taste.

After a bit, I stopped and looked directly into Jack's eyes, "Just wish that was your cock. And may I ask what your plan is to relieve this growing desire within me?" 

"Sometimes honey you just have to shoot from the hip. But don't worry you have no worries. Just look around, look at how many people here are lusting to aid in your release." After this delivery Jack eased back into his recliner, cockily placed his sunglasses on, and then took a long gulp from his drink. 

I looked around and there were several people smiling at us. Also, I noticed that one of the ladies who was sitting across the pool from us was approaching. She walked right up to our feet, said "Hello, I'm Keri." We introduced ourselves and shook hands. Kari then commented, "Nice show you two just put on. You trying to get people all worked up? Not very nice. I'm having enough problems dealing with this jungle heat, and now in addition have a bad case of 'I need it' heat." 

She was forward, gorgeous, and in her early thirties with long dark hair, light blue eyes, runner's legs, medium sized firm breasts, an Australian shave and wonderfully fit. After her comments, and checking her out, I replied, "We didn't mean to bother you with our little kiss." And with a serious face I added, "I hope we didn't cause you any discomfort." But with the last word out I couldn't keep a straight face and cracked a big smile.

Keri laughed, and retorted, "Nothing a little kiss and attention wouldn't cure. Where are you two from?" 

And so began our conversation. We gave her an abbreviated version of our lives and let her know that technically this was our first date. She was from Minnesota and her husband was off touring the local pyramids for the day.

As we continued to chat, Jack took an order and returned with three margaritas. While he was away, Keri sat down at the base and remained sitting when Jack returned. He passed out our drinks than sat down in the lounge so he was facing me and about a foot away from Keri. She thanked him for the drink with a "Thanks" and a soft pat above his knee, where her hand remained. 

Gradually our conversation shifted to whether we had ever been to a nude resort before or played in the lifestyle. I replied in the negative, but added that we were curious about the "lifestyle." She changed the topic by stating, "So am I, and seriously you guys looked incredibly sexy when Jack was giving you that deep massage." I gulped slowly and felt that familiar tingling sensation. Jack obviously wasn't experiencing my reservations.

"Did you enjoy watching us?"

"Yeah. Guess I'm a little bit of voyeur and just couldn't help myself."

"Michelle does have a great body. I love it when her body shows her excitement. Did you notice how puffy her lips were?" 

"I think they still are," Keri replied with a chuckle. It was strange having the two of them carry on about my body as if I couldn't hear them, yet also sexy. 

"All of her lips are incredible," Jack replied as he grabbed my right knee and pulled it towards him which provided Keri with an unobstructed view of my pussy. "When they are swollen it is tough to keep one's lips and fingers away. I've had a great time teasing her with my tongue while my fingers knead her breasts. And after she cums her pussy just wants more attention. It is such a horrible position to be in and then to be forced to please her." 

"Sounds just so so awful," chimed back Keri. "I don't know what I'd do if I found myself in such a position. One can only wonder." As the last words tickled out of her lips she pulled one leg up onto the recliner with her knee bent so that her lower leg was touching Jack and her vulva fully exposed for both of our viewing pleasure. 

I was no longer willing to stay mute. "Looks like I'm not the only one who is a little excited." 

Keri replied, "Glad you noticed, thank you. And Jack's cock is coming to life." As she said this she reached across and fondled it for ten to twenty seconds before releasing it, then raising her eyebrows and asking, "Why don't we all get a drink upstairs at the big Jacuzzi where we can soak for a bit and chat some more." 

"Sounds good to me," I said, then stood up, stretched in front of Keri and tossed my towel over my shoulder. Keri stood up, grabbed my hand and led me away, while Jack followed behind and made occasional comments about the nice views in front of him. 

As we walked up the long flight of stairs Jack took the opportunity to fondle both of our derrières with his hands. They gently glided over our behinds as he uttered comments about them being silky firm and gave us each a sharp pinch as we reached the top of the stairs. 

The layout was incredible. A large Jacuzzi butted up against a full bar and there was an underwater bench that circled the entire Jacuzzi pool. Behind the pool were five or six beds, each with its own canopy covered by yards of sheer gauze. We walked straight to the Jacuzzi where Keri got in first, then guided me next to her while Jack sat on the other side of me. 
