 Author's Note: The only thanks we get are your comments and e-mails. Please let us know how you like these stories. What's good, and what's not so good. Thank you.

Chapter 14

Orgy at the Club

"Ladies and Gentlemen," the voice called out in his sonorous voice, "Let us retire to the "Garden" for libations and games." 

But before John and Argie could leave the room, they were intercepted by Doctor Coughlin, who said, "Please join me for a cocktail in the next room. We'll join the others momentarily. I have some things you need to know now that you've passed the initiation.

Actually this was a ploy to keep them from the "Garden" as the room, or rooms were called, while the others got started. It was another thing that newcomers had to put up with before being truly welcomed into the Club.

He kept the couple distracted for about ten minutes and then grandly waved them into the "Garden."

Argie and John were taken aback, as Doctor Coughlin led them into the so called "Garden." It wasn't a garden at all, but a fairly large room with at least six other rooms feeding off of it. A giant HDTV had a porno movie with three men and three women entangled as they tried every debauchery known to man. There was a wet bar against the wall on the far side of the room, but what got Argie and John's immediate attention was the hot and heavy action going on all over the room.

A J-shaped sectional couch was centered in the room with the base of the J facing the large screen television. Seated at the base of the J was the woman who had worn the skimpy black cocktail dress.

"That's Jenna," Doctor Coughlin said, casually pointing at her.

"She's definitely hot," John replied.

"Absolutely. She thought she'd be the one you'd make come. You fooled her. I hope she's not the resentful type," Coughlin said, and laughed immediately afterward.

"Yeah, me too," John said. "I intend to try her out this evening."

"As will several others, John. Good luck there. She's a little spiteful; she may reject you."

"Incidentally," Coughlin added, "the two gentlemen sitting on either side of Jenna are Ajax and Thor." 

Both men sat back, shirts open, pants around their knees, legs up on the coffee table before them. Jenna, wearing nothing but high heels, stockings, and a black, lacy garter belt, had her legs spread and draped over the two men. She had their cocks in her hands, and was slowly stroking their erections, as all three watched the couples cavorting on the large screen TV.

John recognized Ivana, the long, lean, sultry looking brunette, who along with a dirty blonde haired woman he would soon learn was named Callie, were between the coffee table and the television, on the floor, and oblivious to the film. Both were stark naked, and in a heated sixty-nine, with Ivana laying on her back, and Callie kneeling over her. They both were slurping noisily.

After staring at the two women for a moment, John returned his gaze to the couch. On the long side of the J, the blond haired Scandinavian sat in the center of the sofa. He too was shirtless, with his pants around his ankles. A slim brunette named Bobbi had her sundress pulled both down and up to her waist. She was sitting in his lap, facing away from him. Her thigh high stocking clad thighs were wide spread, and his massive dick was deep in her cunt. 

Doctor Coughlin, his arm around both Argie and John, guided them to the J-shaped couch.

"John, Argie, I'd like you to meet Bobbi and Morgan." Morgan, like the two blondes John had eaten earlier, wore only a tan, and a pair of high-heeled shoes.

"And, with them," Coughlin continued, "are Jeff and Dave." Jeff, the Scandinavian, grinned at them and continued to pump his erection into Bobbi's cunt.

"You were both terrific," Morgan said pleasantly, and then bent to retrieve Dave's longish, but thin prick, and brought it to her mouth and began blowing him.

Bobbi spoke for the first time, saying, "Argie?" 

"Yes, Bobbi?"

"Want to get together later? We could sixty-nine for a while and then find us two big cocks."

"Sounds like a plan," Argie said with a big smile.

"Watch this," Bobbi said, and promptly sent two stiffened fingers into Morgan's twat, causing the blonde to shriek in surprise, and then recapture the cock that had flopped from her mouth.

John took Argie by the hand and was making for an armchair across the room from the sectional couch.

"Ah, sorry, John," Coughlin said coming between them. "I'm sorry, Argie, but you two can't be partners this evening. Argie, I think Adonis, your black stud awaits you. And, John, I think this lady has the hots for you." 

He watched his wife go off with Adonis, and then turned to face the woman mentioned by Doctor Coughlin. 

"Hello," a stunning brunette said, "My name is Martina."

John looked at her. She was wearing a silky, almost see-through dress. 

"John," he said, "but you know that, right?"

"Right," she said, as she smiled at him.

John liked her smile, and soon realized that with all the nude women around him, this one was more interesting simply because she still had her dress on.

"Shall I kiss you for starters?" he asked.

"By all means," she replied, and closed her eyes and pursed her lips, much as a high school girl might on a first date. He kissed her. It was evident that they both enjoyed the kiss, and afterward, John looked around the room while idly caressing her smallish breasts and her ample, but firm, rear-end. 

Obviously pleased with this languid approach, Martina responded by casually caressing his erection, every so often giving it a light slap. The slaps told John that Martina probably liked rough sex, and he made a mental note to see if he was right about it.

For a few minutes they carried on a low-keyed conversation, discussing those around them. Martina mentioned several of the men, and their particular likes and dislikes.

"And what about the women?" he asked.

She told him about them too, and then she told him what she liked. He smiled, for she did prefer rough sex.

He glanced across the room and saw his wife, Argie, leaving the room, hand in hand with the black man named Adonis. At about the same time, Martina raised her dress to her hips, hooked her leg around him, and pulled him inside her. 

"Wow!" wheezed Martina, as John hoisted her up in his arms and sank deeply into her wet cunt. She wrapped her legs around his waist and he continued fucking her standing up.

Slowly a growing crowd gathered around them, calling out complimentary remarks as the couple continued with their methodical fucking. Gradually John tired, and still penetrating Martina, he made his way to an armchair, and after turning slowly, sat down with a beaming Martina still attached to his appendage

After some light applause from the on-lookers, John rearranged them so that Martina was lying across his lap. Someone handed him a glass of beer, and he took a long swallow and gave the glass back. 

"Show me your tits," he said to her.

Martina promptly tore her dress open, revealing a pair of tiny, pear-shaped breasts with pointed nipples. Then she asked for a taste of beer and the gentleman who had provided a drink to John, offered her the same glass which she drained and then rubbed the condensation off the glass and onto her nipples.

His cock lurched inside her and she giggled happily.

It was the beginning of a long evening that would leave John worn out, but incredibly satisfied. He would have sex with many of the women there; none of whom seemed to mind if he left them before he came, as long as they got to come.

