 He heard noises he couldn't recognize. This was troubling to him because he didn't know where he was. His eyes were closed but the light was intense and he was afraid to open his eyes. 

"Brad, are you awake?" A voice he recognized said. 

Brad opened his eyes and then slammed them shut again because of the intense light. "What's going on, "Brad said.

"You've been involved in a traffic accident," the voice said.

Brad thought for a minute and then said, "Alice, is that you?"

"Yes Brad it's me. The doctor said you are going to be okay but need to stay here for a few days to run some tests. You had a car wreck and suffered bumps, bruises and a pretty bad concussion."

Brad opened his eyes slowly, letting in a little light at a time until he was able to open his eyes. He saw Alice standing there with tears in her eyes. She was Brad's roommate with benefits. She was breathing heavily and the rising and falling of her breasts was making him horny has hell. He smiled at her and reached for her hand. He pulled her hand under the covers and placed it on his already throbbing cock. 

"Oh Brad, we probably shouldn't do this." Alice said.

"Please help me out, I don't know why but I've got to cum or I'm going to bust." Brad said.

Alice released her grip and went to the curtain surrounding the bed. She pulled the curtain fully around the bed and returned to the bed. She pulled back the covers and unleashed his manhood from under the gown. She stroked it gently up and down until he was at full erection.

Bending over him she put her mouth full on his cock and began to suck him from head to pubic hair like she had done so many times before. She knew what he liked from months of practice. She cupped his balls with her free hand, her other hand circling his cock and jacking him up and down as she sucked deeper and deeper down the shaft of his cock.

Brad began to moan and pushed his pelvis up to get her deeper onto this cock. 

Alice knew he was about to come and began to suck harder and harder. 

Brad began to buck on the bed as she worked his cock and balls with all the rapidity she could muster. Brad couldn't stop. He exploded an eruption of his sperm into her mouth. She gulped it down, wave after wave until she had sucked him dry.

"Sorry to bother you, but visiting hours are over," said the voice of Brads doctor, who was standing inside the curtain with a wide grin on his face.

Alice gasped, grabbed her things and raced out of the hospital room without saying anything.

Brad just laid there and smiled up at the doctor, not trying to cover himself up.

"You should try and get some sleep. That exercise might have been a bit much for you." The doctor said.

"I think I might be able to sleep now," said Brad.

The doctor turned to leave and Brad drifted off to sleep.

*****

Brad hadn't slept long when he woke up with a raging hard on. The curtains were pulled open and the door to his room was open. He didn't care and kept pulling on his cock. 

People were walking by in the hallway but he still didn't care. He had to release the intense yearning he had to cum again. He turned his back on the hallway and continued to masturbate. He was working his cock up and down as fast as he could. He wanted to cum so bad it hurt.

He continued to jack off. He stopped listening to the sounds around him and frantically pumped his cock for all he was worth. It was starting to work. He felt the sensation building to a crescendo. He pulled the covers off himself as he began to cum. He squirted off the bed and onto the floor and kept pounding as his cock until every last drop was out. He wiped the end of his cock off with his bed sheet and rolled over onto his back.

He rolled just in time to see his nurse standing there. "I am so sorry," Brad said. "I don't know what's going on with me. I have never been like this before. I just can't control my urge to ejaculate and I am just mortified by getting caught again."

"Again?" the nurse said.

"Yes, the doctor caught my girlfriend giving me head earlier."

"Actually Brad, I have seen a case like this before. If this is in fact a new phenomenon for you, it might actually be a medical issue caused by the accident. Let me do some research and I'll get back to you."

"Is that for real?" Brad asked.

"It's for real. Try and get some rest and I'll be back. Until then do you need anything?"

Brad shook his head and watched as she walked away. She had a tight fitting uniform, tight around her ass. She undulated as she walked in a very special way. Her front wasn't bad either. She had small but pert breasts, full lips, blue eyes and beautiful blond hair. "Aw shit, here we go again?" Said Brad as his cock began to rise up again.

Brad began to stroke his cock under the bed sheets, slowly. He saw an orderly coming into his room pushing a chrome cart. Brad stopped masturbating but couldn't hide his erection. 

The orderly didn't try to hide the fact that he saw Brad's massive hard on. He just nodded; in what Brad thought was approval. 

The orderly pushed the cart to the side of the bed and returned to close the door. After shutting the door he came back to the bed and pulled the curtain closed.

Before Brad could ask the orderly what was going on, the orderly said, "I'm Paul; it's time for your sponge bath."

"I don't think this is a good time for it," Brad said as he looked down at his still throbbing penis.

"It might just be the perfect time." Paul said.

The intensity of his lustful cock gave way to common sense and he just said, "Okay."

Paul removed all the bedding off of Brad and helped him off with his hospital gown. He looked down at Brads cock with approval. He pulled the cart closer and dipped a clean wash cloth in some warm soapy water. He started on Brad's shoulders arms and under arms. He wet the rag again and worked on his back and chest. Brad's cock was screaming to be held, so Brad took hold of it and squeezed. Paul wet the cloth again and worked it between Brad's legs, washing his ass and balls. He worked it around, moved Brad's hand and started washing his cock.

Paul continued washing and playing with the most beautiful ten inch cock he had ever touched. He worked slowly, trying to savor every moment with this beautiful thing.

Brad's intensity grew as he savored each gentle touch of Paul's hands. Paul grabbed a towel and dried Brad off. 

Brad didn't want Paul to stop playing with his cock. He needed to cum even worse than before. 

Now that Brad was dry, Paul gently caressed Brad's cock. He stroked it up and down squeezing it during the up stroke and loosening his grip on the down stroke. With his free hand, Paul opened a tube of KY jelly and squeezed some onto his hand. While continuing to jack him off slowly, Paul worked his lubed fingers around the rim of Brad's sphincter. He worked a finger into his hole slightly and rimmed him again. He continued in and out, each time sinking his finger deeper into Brad's butthole. 

Although Alice had played with his ass from time to time, Paul had a handle on just how to make it more sensuous. Paul had three fingers in Brad and was fucking his ass deeper and deeper.

While continuing to masturbate Brad, Paul lowered his head to the raging cock that was staring him in the face. He took it full into his mouth and pushed it deep into his mouth while pushing his fingers deeper into Brad's ass.

Fucking and sucking, sucking and fucking, Paul was working on Brad's cock, trying to get him to cum. About the time Paul started thinking about insuring Brad came, Brad came. He shot load after load into Paul's mouth. Paul gulped each wave down and sucked ever harder while pushing his fingers as deep as they would go into his ass.

Paul smiled at Brad and said, "I think that might have taken care of your little problem, or should I say big problem."

"I haven't ever had sex with a man before Paul. I didn't know it could be so enjoyable."

"I aim to please," Paul said. "Any time you need release I'll help you out. I haven't seen a cock that beautiful in a long time and I'd sure like to get some more of it."

"Well you know where I'm at and I can't seem to get enough release so I can just about promise I'll be ready anytime you are." Brad said.

"Good to know," said Paul.