 This is my first submission. My name is Barb. I am a 52 year old, white female, 5' 5", 138 pounds, with 38D breasts. I think I still look very good for my age with a nice body. I have two sons, 24 and 27, and a 31 year old daughter. This is a true story that happened just over two years ago, a month before my 50th birthday.

I think I might have blown my youngest son once. It was the night my divorce was final from my second husband a couple years ago and I had gone out with my girlfriends to celebrate. I came home a little tipsy, but not drunk. My son had some friends over partying and playing cards. I knew everyone and said hi. I then went upstairs and took a bath, laid down on the bed and started masturbating. A few minutes later I heard a loud bang downstairs so I jumped up, grabbed one of my robes and went down to see what happened. I was at the bottom of the stairs when I realized I still had my vibrator in my hand. I stuck it in the pocket of my robe before anyone saw it. This robe happened to be missing the tie for it, so I just had to hold it closed.

Anyway, one of the guys had leaned back to far in one of the dining chairs and fell back into a bookcase. Nothing was damaged, it was just loud. They were playing some kind of card game and insisted that I join them. One of the guys gave up his chair for me and I sat down. Now my dining table and chairs are the tall bistro style where you sit just as high as if you were standing up, like bar-stools with backs. We started talking and they made me some kind of mixed drink with chunks of fruit in it. After one of these someone lit up a joint and of coarse I had some of that too. I was feeling really relaxed and unknown to me at the time my robe had been pulled open at the bottom from the weight of the vibe still in my pocket, sitting on the bar stool as I was, my shaved pussy was completely on display. My son, who was 22 at the time, had passed out about then. 

Some of the guys were whispering something to each other and then asked if I wanted another drink, which I did. After I got my drink and took a few sips, one of the guys came up behind me and started massaging my neck and shoulders. I let him know this felt really good and I closed my eyes. He gently pushed me forward and started working further down my back and even down my arms which were hanging loosely at my sides. I was definitely getting turned on since I hadn't had a man touch me since I broke up with my husband few months before. He then had me lean back into the chair and started rubbing my chest and breasts. I don't know how he did it, but I suddenly realized he had managed to slip my robe off me while I was leaning forward and I was now sitting there completely naked sitting on my robe, which was still under me. 

I didn't even care, I was so relaxed and feeling good. I remember later someone mentioned something about Ecstasy, but since I've never taken it I don't know if there was some slipped in my drink or not. Well the one guy was still massaging my breasts and I guess he had noticed my vibe when he slipped my robe off. One of the other guys came up and they turned my chair to the side. Now he started rubbing my thighs and worked his way up to my pussy. I remember he slid a couple fingers into me and commented on how wet I was. He continued fingering me for a few minutes and then grabbed the vibrator. This is an anal vibe with the narrow, beaded rubber shaft, though I had never used it for that. He stuck it in my pussy a few times and then slide me forward on the chair so my butt was just on the edge. He then began working the vibe into my ass. I admit in the state I was in it felt really good and I let out a moan. 

I didn't know it at the time, but the third guy was taking pictures of all of this on his cell phone and sending them out to some other friends. Someone said we should move to the living room to get more comfortable. They helped me to the couch and I started unzipping the boy in front of me. I love sucking cock and had his in my mouth as soon as I got it out of his pants. Soon I had all three cocks in front of me, so I moved to the floor on my knees so I could move around easier and began sucking all three. After a few minutes of this they bent me over the coffee table doggie style. Someone slid their cock into my pussy and began fucking me while I kept sucking on the other two. 

At some point they traded places and someone else was inside me. I then felt my vibrator sliding into my ass while he was still fucking my pussy. This felt incredible and I came hard. Then he pulled the vibe out and slipped his cock in my ass and started pumping hard. This was the first time I had ever been fucked in my ass and I felt great. I came again when I felt him shoot in my ass. 

After that I continued sucking whatever cock was stuck in front of me while they took turns fucking both my pussy and asshole. At some point I realized there was more then just the three guys in the room. The pictures that were sent out were inviting other guys to come over and join in. I was in such a lustful stupor I didn't care. Somewhere during this they had maneuvered me onto one of the guys laying on the floor and another guy started fucking my ass. I was also still sucking someone's cock, so I had three guys cocks inside me at the same time. I don't know how many times I came, but I kept going. I remember one of the new guys was this black friend of my son that I knew pretty well. He's an athlete 6'5" and very muscular. He had the biggest cock I had ever seen, at least 10 inches long. He said he was going to fuck me in all three of my holes.

They moved me onto the coffee table on my back and he started fucking my pussy. I felt so full, but I was so juiced up it didn't hurt at all, but I could feel him hitting bottom without getting it all in. After a few minutes he pulled out and started pushing into my ass. It did hurt a little at first, but he went slow and was soon all the way in to his balls. He started pumping with a slow, but steady rhythm, sliding all the way out with just the head of his cock inside, and then all the way back in. 

While he was fucking my ass one of the other guys tilted my head back and started sliding his cock into my mouth. I had never deepthroated before, but I was to wasted to stop him. His cock slid into my throat with ease and he came after just a few strokes. I coughed a bit and insisted that anyone else had to cum on my tongue so I could taste it before swallowing and not down my throat. 

I had a couple more guys fuck my mouth before the black guy finally pulled out of my ass after what seemed like an hour. He then moved around to my head and started working his big cock into my waiting mouth. It took a lot of effort to keep from gagging, but he got it all in and his balls were against my nose. He would pump a few times and then pull back so I could take a breath. He start squeezing my breasts kind of roughly and then pinched my nipples really hard. I tried to scream out, but at that moment he slammed his cock into my throat and came. I could feel him throbbing and I could swear his cock even swelled up a little. He held it there until he was finished spurting and finally pulled out. I coughed and gasped for air.

I must have looked a mess and was totally spent, but someone said there was one guy that hadn't cum yet and pointed me to someone sitting on the love seat in the darkened corner of the living room. I crawled over, unzipped his pants, pulled his cock out proceeded to suck him off until he came in my mouth. 

I woke up the next morning still naked on the living room floor feeling sticky and sore. Nobody else was around and I went to my room upstairs. I must have been fucked by 9 or 10 guys that night in my own house. I don't remember everything that happened, or who all was there. 

I don't know who the guy on the love seat was, but it could have been my passed out son. It's not something I would do again if it was him, and I'm certainly not going to ask him about it. 

He's never mentioned anything about that night. Some of my kid's friend's that come to the house were either there that night or at least saw pictures. A couple of them have grabbed my ass and stuff like that, while grinning wildly. No one has actually said anything about it, so maybe I was drugged, I just don't know. I have become quite the little slut since then and will do most anything now. I now have a number of fuck buddies that I meet with so I can get laid almost every day of the week.

I would love to try another gang-bang sometime, but not with friends of my children.