 All persons in this story are 18 yrs of age and older.

This story could have gone into the incest and taboo catergory but I decided to put it in group sex. Hope this doesnt offend anybody?

After my threesome with Tony and Carol I wanted more. I needed more, more sex with strangers. The mystery and danger it supplied was like a drug and I knew I would soon need my next fix. And it came in the way of Greg.

Greg was forty five years old and I had been talking to him on the net for a while. By the time I had arranged to meet Tony and Carol I was already exchanging sexy photos with Greg. He wasn't particularly good looking and if I'm being honest he wasn't really my type, what with his balding head and pot belly, but he had a way of talking dirty that turned me to jelly. 

His cock looked average, but judging by some of the photos he had sent me he could produce an impressive load. He loved the photos I had sent him of myself and he described, with some filthy choice of words, what he would like to do to me. Again, just like Tony and Carol he wanted to dominate me, and I was only too happy to oblige.

I was shaking like a leaf when I entered his hotel room. Greg had a fantasy, and that fantasy was for me to do as I was told, right down to the very last detail. When I entered he was sat in a chair by the window with the curtains drawn. The only light was the two lamps hanging above the king size bed and a lamp that was dimly lit on the table beside him.

"Stop right there." He ordered, as soon as I closed the door behind me. I was so nervous standing in my long coat and high heels and I could feel my little ankles shaking as I tried to keep my composure.

He sat for a few moments staring at me before he finished, what looked like, a glass of whiskey. My body was tensed, waiting for his next instruction, but it didn't come. Instead he remained still, looking, watching, and staring at me.

"Tulip," I said to myself in silence. That was my safe word in case I wanted to stop. We had both been pretty honest and detailed with what we wanted. But fucking yourself in front of a computer as you image your fantasises coming true is very different to actually going through with them. It may only have been a game, but it was also a very serious game. After all, this guy was a complete stranger.

I don't know how long I stood there but my feet were starting to hurt. I tried to hide my discomfort before he gave me his next instruction. "Remove the coat." His words were gentle but firm.

I reached for the top button and slowly slid it through the eye loop, one, two, three, four and then five. "Good girl." He said as I released the fifth and final button. I stood holding the coat for a moment, wondering how best to remove it. "I said remove the coat." His words weren't so gentle this time and I quickly opened the coat and dropped it on the floor behind me. I could hear his groans from across the room as I stood in his daughters, actual, school uniform.

I was a little concerned when he first told me about his fantasy, but eventually he convinced me and I soon wanted to role play his daughter, Amber. He sent me some of her things through the post and I quickly sorted out what was suitable.

Amber was a little younger than me and judging by the size of her clothes a little smaller too. Before I tried on her clothes I took a long hot bath and shaved my pussy completely bald. After my bath I gently moisturised my body with some designer body lotion and got ready to squeeze into Ambers school uniform. Greg knew my measurements and he obviously knew his daughters too. The thought of my curves bursting at the seams of Ambers clothes turned us both on.

Before I got dressed though, I had to arrange my makeup the way Greg had instructed. He told me to put my hair in a nice, high pony tail, using Amber's hair bobble, and to make sure I was wearing lots of her red lipstick and black eye liner.

By the time I had finished dressing and applying my makeup I looked and felt like a slut. Everything on my body, except for the body lotion, was Ambers. And it showed. The black bra, which was clearly visible through the thin school blouse, was so tight that it thrust my larger C cup bust upwards, emphasising our difference in the chest department as my breasts looked as though they would spill over the top of the bra cups at any moment. The blouse was also too tight, so tight in fact I couldn't fasten the top two buttons, so instead I flashed a rather impressive cleavage.

I'm not sure how tall Amber is or was, but the black school skirt was so tight and short that whenever I bent over or stood carelessly I displayed my backside, showing the outline of a very tight pair of cotton panties. I didn't see the point of the panties until I put them on. They were so tight that they hugged my shaven pussy and created the most prominent camel toe ever.

Thankfully he didn't send me a pair of his daughters' shoes, but he did ask me to surprise him, so I chose a pair of black three inch heels. Finally I lit a cigarette and looked myself over in the mirror. I nodded my approval before grabbing my long coat and covering my slutty appearance. I was ready to play the role of Amber.

Back at the hotel I reached for Amber's necklace, the one Greg said he liked to watch her put in her mouth, and I smoothed it between my fingers. 

"You are only allowed to say, Yes, daddy and no, daddy, unless, of course, you decide to use your safe word. Do you understand, Amber?" Greg said. I felt a chill through my body when he called me Amber, but then I replied, "Yes, daddy."

"Good," he smiled, "now crawl to me. Crawl to daddy." My eyes widened with the sudden realisation that I was about to go through with it. I was actually going to pretend to be his daughter. I closed my eyes tightly, took a deep breath, bowed my head and then sunk to my knees. "Yes, daddy," I said, obeying his command.

The trek across the room on my hands and knees was a long and painful one. The carpet was smooth but it was starting to burn my knees and feel rough on the palms of my hands. My back arched every time I dragged one leg forward and put a hand out in front of me. I started to feel ashamed and it somehow heightened my arousal. I couldn't look at him; instead, I looked at the floor and concentrated on the patterns in the carpet. I noticed my red polished nails. It was Amber's nail polish.

"Stop," he said softly when I reached him. I looked up and noticed he was rubbing his cock through his pants. He then stood, grabbed my pony tail and raised me onto my knees. He held me still forcing my head back so I had nowhere to look other than at him. "Sit back on your heels and spread your legs for daddy, Amber." He said, loosening his grip on my hair and allowing me to sit. He then sat back down and leaned in close. "You are to look only at me, Amber. Do you understand?" "Yes, daddy," I whispered through trembling lips.

Suddenly, he reached for my blouse and tore it open. I gasped in surprise but managed to keep my gaze fixed on him as he looked down at my cleavage and smiled. He then stood up again and reached over me to unclasp my bra. In a matter of seconds I was kneeling in front of him with my blouse down around my arms and my bra loosened with my tits hanging over the tops of the cups. I didn't have to look; I knew he was smiling at my swollen globes with their stiff nipples.

He surprised me once more and, somewhat, disappointed me when he resisted the temptation to feel my breasts. Instead he chose to sit back down with a cocky grin on his face.

"Daddy has a surprise for you, Amber," he grinned, "do you want to know what it is?" It was now time to play the innocent daughter. "Yes, daddy," I replied and nodded. "Good girl. Now come a little closer and unzip daddy."

I shuffled further between his legs and reached for his belt. I looked into his eyes and I could see the perverted lust he had for me as I gently unbuckled his belt. I tried not to smile and show my enjoyment as I released the button on his pants and took the zip between my finger and thumb. His breathing was ragged and I noticed the moisture that had flooded Amber's panties. I wondered briefly if she had ever soaked them the way I had done.

"Good girl," he said when I eventually pulled down his zip. I was about to yank down his trousers when he grabbed my pony tail and pulled my head backwards again. "Do you want it, Amber?" He hissed. "Tell me, do you want it?" "Yes, daddy," I gasped, wishing I could say a lot more.

There were a few moments of silence before he spoke again. "Lick daddy's cock." His fingers tightened their grip before he tugged my head closer to his throbbing cock. "Lick it." He told me and then let go of my hair.

My body was trembling with excitement as I lowered my head into his lap and parted my lips, allowing my tongue to slide out and lick him. "You can do better than that, Amber." He told me. I licked his cock again, applying more pressure this time so he could feel it moving up and down, from base to tip, before making little circular motions around the slit, tasting his salty pre cum. I waited eagerly for some encouragement, praise even, but he said nothing, leaving me wondering if his daughter was giving him good head.

I desperately wanted to suck him deep into my mouth and show him what a good little cock sucker I was, but I was under strict orders to do as I was told.

"That's it, Amber," he groaned, "your daddy's little girl now." I closed my eyes and continued to lick his cock, running my tongue over it, coating his hardness in my saliva. "Do you want to suck daddy off? He smiled. I looked up into his eyes and placed my tongue at the base of his cock. "Yes, daddy," I moaned before forcefully sliding my slippery tongue all the way up the sensitive underside of his cock. He grabbed my head and grunted. "Fuck!"

Inside I was begging for him to ram his cock inside my mouth and fuck my face, but on the outside I could only tease and allow him full control.

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. I stop licking his cock and sat back on my heels looking very concerned and my heart started to race.

"Don't be alarmed." He was quick to say. "Standing on the other side of that door are two very good, trustworthy friends of mine. What happens next is entirely up to you?" I was about to speak but he quickly cut me off. "Wait a minute, listen. If at any time you are not happy just shout your safe word and everything will stop. I know I have betrayed you but I have long fantasised about you, Amber, my daughter and sharing you with my friends.

I gasped and opened my mouth as if to speak, but no words came out. This fantasy was kinky enough, but to watch me with his friends and without telling me was taking it too far.

"Come in!" He shouted. "What the fuck!" I exclaimed. "Listen, it's ok. Just trust me and play along. And remember, just say the word if you want to stop."

If I want to stop, I thought. I didn't want to start. The whole situation was so bizarre I didn't know how to react. I quickly stood up and turned around to face the door. But by the time I had there were two guys, who looked to be in their fifties, smiling at me as though it was Christmas.

"Glad to see you finally agreed to our demands, Greg." The taller one said. "Yes, your daughter is very tasty indeed." The other one added. I looked at Greg, still in shock, and he silently mouthed "I owe them money, just play along."

"Hello, Amber darling, don't be scared. My name is Harry and your daddy owes us some money." The taller one spoke again. "And this here is my good friend and business partner Terry."

There seemed to be an air of reality around this fantasy and I didn't know what to think, let alone what to do. My pussy was still soaking wet and I knew if I shouted "Tulip" I'd be going home a very sexually frustrated woman.

But I didn't have time to decide as Terry came up behind me and grabbed my pony tail, twisting my head round to face him. "You see, Amber, your daddy has agreed to let us ... oh, how can I say it ... yes, have some fun with you in way of payment."

"Lovely pair of tits your daughter has got." Harry said to Greg before cupping them in his hands. Terry loosened his grip on my pony tail and, with his free hand, pulled the hanging blouse from my body. My bra fell with it and both men groaned.

I had never felt so vulnerable, yet sexually excited in all my life as I suddenly accepted what these dirty old men were about to do to me. 

Harry was still playing with my tits when Terry let go of my hair and unzipped my skirt. Before it had even reached the floor he was tugging my tight panties down and lifting my legs out of them. Out the corner of my eye I saw him throw them to Greg. I glanced over and he smiled at me as he wrapped the panties around his cock, but not before he sniffed the gusset.

I was left standing in just my black heels before Terry quickly seized the opportunity to feel my wetness by ramming a hand between my legs. His actions were rough but his touch was gentle as he began to circle my clit with his thumb. It wasn't long before he had me panting for breath and he knew he had me right where he wanted.

"Get on your knees, Amber!" Terry hissed. I did as he instructed and was quickly rewarded with the sight of him unzipping his pants. "Get it out and suck it!" he hissed again. Within seconds I had it out and I was impressed with its size. I looked back at Greg and gasped. "Oh, daddy, what have you done?"

I was quickly presented with two hard cocks when Harry quickly followed suit and released his own impressive cock. They were both thick with their veins visible but Terry was longer, much longer.

As Terry pressed his cock up against my lips I gladly parted them and welcomed his swollen helmet. I knew I was horny, but at that very moment I realised just how horny as I tried to swallow as much of him as possible. Then suddenly my head was yanked back by my pony tail. It was Harry; clearly he didn't want to be left out as he pushed his cock into my mouth and started to fuck my face.

For about ten minutes both men took turns with my mouth before deciding it was time to fuck me. "You take her pussy and I'll take her arse." Terry told Harry as if I wasn't present.

Now up until this point in my life I had never experienced anal sex. I had fantasised about it and had even slid a small, very well lubricated vibrator up there, but never a cock. This was something I was not prepared for and Greg could sense it when I looked at him.

"I'm going to fuck your slut of a daughter up the arse, Greg." Terry chuckled as he led me to the bed. Harry climbed onto the bed first and led flat on his back. "Yeah, I'm sure he can't wait to see his precious little Amber taking two cocks in both of her tight holes." Harry joined in, and laughed as he pulled me on top of him.

As I straddled Harry and guided his cock to my soaking wet hole I spread my pussy lips with my other hand and used his swollen tip to rub my clit. Eventually I lowered my body down onto his cock and began whimpering as my sensitive insides were forcefully stretched to accommodate his size. Once I had taken his entire length I sat still, enjoying the wonderful feeling of being so full.

That wonderful feeling was cut short though as I suddenly felt another person, Terry, stood behind me pushing me forwards. It felt nice at first because the movement caused Harrys cock to go a little bit deeper and he had started to suck on my tits. But Terry was now pressing his cock up against my tight puckered hole and it was hurting. I squeezed my eyes shut and winced in terrible pain as his cock very slowly stretched my sphincter, then he was inside and it started to feel nice again.

It took a few painful minutes to find our rhythm but once we found it I was quickly sent to heaven. As I rode them both, Terry had established a way of fucking me with deep, hard thrusts without spoiling it for Harry or me. I was even able to reach down between my legs and rub my clit as I gave my body to these two old men.

Harry was first to cum. I felt his legs tense beneath me as he tried to ram his cock deeper inside me. I leaned forward and began to push down harder on his cock until neither of us could take any more. He grabbed my tits and grunted like an animal as he started bucking his hips wildly and shooting his cum deep inside my pussy.

Knowing that he was coming inside me quickly triggered my own climax. My inside walls clenched around the squirting cock ensuring it had no more spunk to give before I collapsed forwards, squashing my breasts in Harrys face. Then it was Terry's turn as he thrust his cock as deep as he could and held me still. My body was so tired and weak that his powerful blasts sent shockwaves through my body as he filled my arse with hot cum.

As I was lying on the bed with two loads of thick spunk leaking from my body, Greg silently approached me. "Are you ok, Amber?" he whispered. "Yes, daddy," I managed to mumble. He was stroking his cock inches from my face and I noticed how small it looked compared to the two I had just taken. "Open wide for daddy, Amber." He said. I shuffled to the edge of the bed, closed my eyes and opened my mouth. "Good girl." He moaned before the first jet landed on my face, leaving a thick streak across my left cheek. I don't think he was aiming for my mouth as the only cum I tasted was what landed on my lips. By the time he finished shooting his load, my left cheek was plastered and I could feel and taste it as it dribbled down my face and into my eyes and mouth.

"Goodnight, Amber." Greg softly whispered into my ear as I drifted off to sleep. "Tulip." I replied.