 My wife Dana and I moved to Tampa, Florida about six months ago. We've been married almost 20 years and had lived in northern Indiana our whole lives. We were both tired of snow up to our knees. I've been in the printing industry my entire life. I had just gotten laid off for the third time in 10 years because the plant I worked at had closed. It was time for a new start.

We bought a neglected old print shop from a couple that were retiring, thinking we could update and build it back up. After six months, things weren't going as planned. Sales were building but slower than expected or needed. We were struggling to pay the bills. Something needed to change and soon. We needed to increase sales. Dana would've made a great sales person. She's absolutely stunning in my eyes. 5' 10", wavy brown hair that flows down her back, big beautiful brown eyes, and a shape to die for. 38DD-28-36, with long tan legs that reach to the sky. What male would be able to resist that saleswoman? But she doesn't have the personality for it, she's to shy to make cold calls. She occasionally visits an existing client to pick up something or deliver something small, but make a cold call? Not a chance.

One day I got a tip from a customer that had been a long time client of the previous owners. He told me he had heard through the grapevine that the local Chamber of Commerce might be looking for a new printer. That would be a great client! They put out a monthly magazine, not to mention all of the little flyers and hand outs. I was on it.

I got a meeting with the director of the Chamber of Commerce. In order to even be considered I had to me a member of the Chamber. I joined that day before I left. The director, Jim, wanted to tour my facility to make sure it actually existed, that I wasn't farming the work out, and he felt comfortable with my ability to produce a quality product.

The day Jim was scheduled to visit I was nervous as hell. I mean, our shop wasn't all that impressive but I knew we could produce a quality product for him. I had Dana there as back up. Having a beautiful woman by your side couldn't hurt, right? I was wearing my best pair of slacks, dress shoes and a dress shirt. I didn't wear a jacket or tie. This was Tampa! We like to keep things fairly simple. Dana wore a mid-thigh pencil skirt, high heels that accentuated those long legs, and a button up white blouse, unbuttoned down far enough to give a hint of the cleavage created by those 38s. When the light hit her just right you could catch a hint of her lacy bra. She was stunning.

She knew I was nervous and tense. This was a big day. It could really help things turn around. She started to rub my shoulders.

"My god! You're so tense! You need to relax."

"I know, I know. I just don't want to screw this up."

"You won't! You'll be great. They'll love you."

I turned to look her in the eye. "No, they'll love you. They'll tolerate me." We both laughed. "You know what would help me relax?"

"A beer?" We both chuckled.

"Well, that too." I could feel a crooked smile crossing my face. "No, I was thinking a blow job."

"What?! Here? Now?! They'll be here any minute!"

"Then we'll have to make it quick then, won't we?" Dana knew how to give head, that's for sure. And she loved giving it.

"Are you serious?!" She knew by the look on my face that I was dead serious. "Oh my god, you're terrible."

From my chair behind my desk I could keep an eye on the front door through my office door. Not only for Jim but also the occasional walk in we would get. I loved her tits -- I mean I loved them -- but I couldn't set them free here. If somebody walked in she wouldn't have time to fix her bra and button her blouse back up. So I would just have to deal with getting a blow job. I know, I know, life's a bitch. I could still fiddle with them through her shirt, though, so all was not lost.

She knelt down, unzipped my fly, and pulled my trousers and underwear down far enough to allow my pole to pop out. It wasn't anything to be ashamed of. 8" long, good and thick. She loved everything about my cock. She said it was like Goldilocks and the 3 Bears. Not too long, not too short. Not too thick, not too thin. It was juuuuust right.

She took one last look at the front door, making sure the coast was clear, and dove in. She gobbled it up, the tip hitting the back of her throat on the first thrust. Her mouth was hot and wet. All I could muster was a low groan.

Before long she had forgotten about any possible visitors. Her hand was at the base of the shaft, stroking it up and down with the rhythm of her head. It was like I was getting a hand job and a blow job at the same time. I'm telling you, she's good. I had two fistfuls of tits, both hands squeezing them through her blouse. 

Then it happened. The front door swung open. I was so close to shooting a load down the back of Dana's throat! I made a split second decision that I hoped I wouldn't regret for the rest of my life. I didn't say a word.

Jim walked into the front office area. Oh boy, he'd brought a guest. "Ohhhhh, this probably isn't going to end well for me," I thought to myself. They saw me sitting at my desk, and the back half of Dana's head popping above the desk, then disappearing below it. In no time the two men figured out what was going on. Jaws dropped. Dana was oblivious to the whole thing. 

I released a tit and held my finger to my lips, silently telling Jim and his guest to be quiet. They nodded. I saw bulges growing in their pants, which they began to rub. I placed my hand on the back of her head and started to push with a little force. She knew I was close. She sucked and stroked harder and faster.

"Yes...that's it...right there...you know it...I'm gonna...grrrrrrrrr...I'm gonna..." With that I shoved down on the back of her head so she couldn't move, busting a nut down the back of her throat. She gagged a little, her airway passage blocked with cock and cum. I released the pressure on the back of her head, allowing her to come up for air.

She wiped a couple droplets of cum that that had escaped her lips with a finger and stuck it in her mouth with a devilish look on her face. "Mmmmmmmmm," she moaned.

Then she caught a glimpse out of the corner of her eye of two strangers standing there. Watching. Rubbing their crotches. That had obviously bulges. A look of shock and horror crossed her face.

She looked at me. "How...how...how long have they been standing there?!"

"Long enough," I said with a sly grin.

She slapped my thigh. Hard. "Goddamnit, Mark! Why didn't you say anything?!"

"Because by the time I saw them it was too late. We were busted. So I thought I'd finish and let them enjoy the show."

She slapped my thigh hard again. She looked at the two men rubbing their crotches, then back at me. "Goddamnit, Mark," she said in a defeated tone, knowing she'd been caught sucking her husband's dick.

She got off of her knees and straightened her skirt and blouse. I zipped up and stood up. I walked around the desk towards the two men.

"Hi, guys. I'd offer to shake your hands, but..."

Jim spoke up. "Totally understandable." He paused. "Mark, this is Bill Williams, Vice President of the Chamber."

"Nice to meet you, Bill." I motioned towards Dana. "This is my wife, Dana." Her face was red with embarrassment.

"Hello, guys," she said, barely making eye contact.

"Ahhh, this is Dana. Hello, Dana," Jim said.

Bill spoke. "Nice show there, Dana, well done." Dana turned a deep shade of red.

"If you'll excuse me," and she brushed past them.

"Guys, come in, have a seat." I waved to my office and led them in. They sat down in the two chairs that were in front of my desk.

"So, guys, let's talk about MD Printing becoming your print supplier," I said, trying to act as professional as possible after what they'd just witnessed.

"I've got a better idea," Bill said. "Your wife is gorgeous, sexy as hell. Let's talk about her." We chuckled. "No. Really. Seriously." Jim and I looked at him. He really was serious.

"Ummmm, okay. What would you like to know?" I asked.

Bill paused. "Will she suck anybody's dick, or just yours?"

The question caught both Jim and I off guard. We both looked at him in amazement, shocked those words just came out his mouth. Especially considering we had just met five minutes ago.

"Uhhhhhhh...excuse me?"

"Does she suck anybody else's dick or just yours?"

"Ummmmm...well...uhhhhhh...just mine as far as I know." I couldn't believe we were having this conversation. I'm sure Jim was thinking the same thing. He looked like he was about to have a stroke.

"Look, let's cut to the chase," Bill said. He was totally calm but serious. He'd had this conversation before, I could tell. "We've proven you're for real, you have a brick and mortar building, and you're in our district. Anybody with a decent computer and copier can do our magazine. But, if she'll suck my dick, you've got the job."

My mind raced. I couldn't believe I was even considering it! But, truth be told, I was giving it serious consideration.

I looked at him. "Are you fucking serious? If my wife...gives you a blow job...we'll get your business?"

"Every bit of it."

I leaned back in my chair. What's wrong with me to even consider this? But...this could be a game changer. This is why we moved to Tampa, for this kind of opportunity.

"Will you gentlemen excuse me?" I asked.

"Absolutely."

I needed to find Dana.

She was coming out of the bathroom. She had washed her face and straightened her hair. The redness was starting to leave her face, the natural flesh tone returning. I pulled her into my arms and kissed her.

"Goddammit, Mark."

"I know, I know." I paused. "I gotta tell you, though, them watching us? I thought that was hot as hell."

She hit me in the chest. "Seriously?!"

I nodded. "Seriously."

"You really are terrible."

"Listen, they've made a proposal."

"Oh?"

"They're willing to give us ALL of their business."

Her attitude did a 180. "Really? That's great!"

"With one catch."

"Oh? What's that?"

"You have to give them a blow job."

"WHAT?!?!" Her eyebrows raised, a look of shock raced across her face. "No! No way! No fucking way!"

"I understand," I said, trying to calm her down. She was walking -- stomping -- around the room. "I totally understand." I paused, choosing my words carefully. "Listen to me. If you won't, I totally understand. I'll totally support your decision." 

She stopped and looked at me. "You aren't seriously considering this, are you?!"

"Listen. This is a game changer. We could pay ALL of our bills -- every month -- with just this one account. Anything else would be gravy, goes straight into our pockets." Her eyes were slits staring at me. "Think about it. Just think about it. That house with the pool you want? That vacation to Europe you want? That new car you want?" He let that sink in. "It's right there. One blow job. It's right there."

"Goddammit, Mark." She paced around a little. "Goddammit." She stopped to look at me. "And you're okay with that?"

"Baby, I'm not excited about the thought of another man's dick in your mouth." I paused. "But, in this case, I think the positives outweigh the negatives." I paused again. "But I'll support whatever you want to do."

She stopped for a moment. "Fuck!" and she stomped her foot. She shot me a look. "Give me a minute." She headed towards the bathroom.

When she came out of the bathroom it was obvious what decision she had made. She'd obviously removed her bra because I could plainly see her nipples that were now erect and pointing through the thin material of her blouse. She had also unbuttoned her shirt well below her breasts, exposing plenty of tit.

We walked back into my office. I sat down behind my desk, Dana stood next to me. Jim and Bill's eyes widened and smiles crossed their faces when they got a look at Dana. They still had bulges.

I was the first to speak. "Ok, gentlemen. The deal is Dana takes care of you today and we get ALL of your business for the next 12 months. Yes?"

Bill nodded. "That's the deal." He paused. "We'd like to fuck her, too."

Dana and I were both taken aback. I shook my head. "Not a chance in hell. I'm the only one fucking this lady. Period."

Jim finally spoke up. "What if we say the deal's off without fucking her?"

"Then you'll have to get a blow job somewhere else because it ain't happenin'. Not today. Not ever." Hopefully I made myself perfectly clear.

Jim and Bill looked at each other. Without even a word they unzipped their fly's and out popped two raging hard ons. Both began to stroke their meat. Dana started in their direction. I stopped her.

"I want a contract on my desk first thing tomorrow. Or security video goes to your wives." I was bluffing. I didn't have any security system in place.

Jim and Bill looked at each other again, cocks in hand. "Done," Jim said.

With that, Jim and Bill scooted their chairs back to give Dana room to work. Dana untucked her blouse and slowly unbuttoned the rest of it, the blouse just hanging from her shoulders, the material hanging on for dear life trying to still cover her breast. Then she unbuttoned the cuffs. All the while staring into their faces. She lifted her right hand up, reached under the blouse, and covered her left breast. With a shrug of her shoulder and a shake of her arm, the left arm of the shirt fell off. Then, like a magician using slight of hand, brought her left arm over and covered her right breast with her hand and her left breast with her forearm. With a shrug of her shoulder and a shake of her right arm, the blouse fell to the ground. She then covered both breasts with each hand. She was torturing them and I loved it. I could feel a bulge growing my pants. 

Slowly but surely she moved her hands from the front of her tits to underneath them, cupping them, exposing her erect nipples to them. Their hands were pumping their cocks. She lifted a nipple up far enough that she could lick it with her own tongue, never taking her eyes off of Jim and Bill. Oh man, she was going to try and make them cum as quickly as possible. She was going to let them pump themselves into a frenzy.

She let them take in the beauty of her nakedness from the waist up, hands on hips, giving them the sexiest look possible. She was workin' it. She began to walk around the desk, stopping in front of the men, looking down on them. She placed a hand on each man's thigh and lowered herself to the ground. I unzipped and pulled my hardening cock out, stroking it, watching my wife about to take two strangers into her mouth. This was the moment of truth.

She slid her hands up the inside of their thighs until she reached the base of their rods. She grabbed each one. Each man gasped and groaned. She slowly stroked them, looking from one man's face to the other. 

Then she made her move. She took Bill into her mouth first, giving him the blow-job-hand-job combination she was so good at, while pumping on Jim's meat. This went on, with her alternating between the two men. Each time she released a cock it made a "pop" sound, she was sucking it so hard until it left her mouth. They were lasting longer than either one of us thought they would. I couldn't take anymore.

I stood up and started to make my way around the desk, my cock bouncing with each step. "Hang on guys, hang on."

Both men looked at me incredulously. Dana turned to look at me with a confused look on her face.

"Guys, get up." They looked back at me about half pissed off. "Come on, get up. Turn around and plant your asses on the edge of my desk." The thought of their asses on my desk wasn't particularly appealing to me but it was a means to an end. "Dana, can you stand up, please?" She did as requested.

I spun her around, so she was facing Jim and Bill again, and bent her over, her ass sticking out towards me. "Ok, Dana, get busy." Still with a confused look on her face, she went back to work.

I undid the zipper on the back of her skirt. It slid it to the ground, revealing a sexy little g-string. I tugged on her skirt until she lifted a leg so I could remove it from one leg. I repeated the process with the g-string.

She knew what was coming. She spread her legs, head still bobbing on the cocks in front of her. I inched up behind her and rubbed the tip of my cock against her pussy. Oh my god, she was soaked. Juices were running down her legs. I slid the head in past her lips, bringing a muffled squeal from her. With that I buried my beast balls deep in one thrust, which brought a loud, muffled moan from her. 

With only a few pumps, Dana's pussy throbbed, her body quivered. Being the trooper that she is, she never stopped servicing the men. But she let out a long, muffled groan, letting everyone know she was having an awesome orgasm. Her moaning eventually quieted, her body relaxed.

I continued to pound her pussy from the back, forcing her head to bob even more with every thrust from me. Everyone involved knew Jim and Bill were close. But there was something I wanted to do before this was over.

I removed my cock from her love hole. She released a cock from her mouth and looked back at me.

"Hey, what the fuck?" she asked panting.

I grinned. She didn't have to wonder long. I briefly held the tip of my cock against her rosebud, just long enough to warn her, then shoved it into her ass, going balls deep with the first thrust. This brought an "OHmyfuckinggod!" from Dana. I started to pump and she went back to sucking.

I looked at both men. "Man, she loves it in the ass. Can't get enough of it."

That was all for Jim, who was in her mouth. He grabbed the side of the desk, his body tensed. She could feel his cock begin to pulsate. "Cumming...cumming...cumming!" Dana's head stopped bobbing, her lips wrapping just the head of his dick. Her hand continued to stroke while he pumped his load into her mouth, his hips bucking.

Once his hips stopped bucking she released him from her mouth, looked up at him, and opened her mouth revealing she hadn't swallowed a drop. Then she closed her mouth and swallowed with a gulp and an evil grin.

That was all Bill needed to see. The only warning Dana got was a "Fuuuuuck!" from Bill. A stream of jizz shot out from the end of his cock. It shot straight up her arm and partially onto her tit. She was able to spin her head around and engulf him before he shot anymore of his spunk onto her. She repeated what she had done with Jim, opening her mouth to show what she had sucked out of him, then swallowing. 

The two men were huffing and puffing, they were spent. I was close, we both knew it.

I pulled out and, instinctively knowing exactly what I wanted, Dana spun around, dropped to her knees, and cupped her tits while I stroked my throbbing cock. 

"Yep, hold 'em up, hold 'em up...ugghhhhhhhh!" I shot a load, covering the top of her tits and dripping down through her cleavage. After the first two spurts she wrapped her hot lips around my rod and sucked every last drop out of it.

Dana stood up and turned to face the men. She gazed at them for a moment. Then she lifted a breast to her mouth so she could lick some of the cum I just shot onto it off.

She licked her lips. "Mmmmmmmmmmm..."

She picked up her skirt, giving them perfect view of the ass I had just fucked, turned, and left the room. The men tucked their limp penises back into their pants and zipped up. I tucked mine back in and zipped up also.

I was between the men and the exit of my office. I looked them dead in the eyes.

"I want a contract. On my desk. First thing tomorrow morning."

They both nodded. "I'll get going on it as soon as I get back to the office," Jim said.

I stepped aside. "Gentlemen, it's been a pleasure doing business with you." I grinned.
