 Hi reading all this stories got me the courage to write my story. This is not a fantasy. I have been trying to get this load of my chest for a long time. It's been quite a long time I have written online. My name is Sally Dey. I come from a middle class Indian family. I was taught from childhood that I must always listen to my husband and never make him unhappy.

My husband Santosh and I are married 5 years now. From the beginning he loved to see me naked. At first it was only fun to be naked in front of him. He loves to see me naked all the time. I thought it was weird but then I enjoyed the attention he gave me. We had great sex all the time. 

But this led to more that changed my life. 

He made me wear transparent clothes in front of his office colleagues, when he invited them over for dinner. At first I refused but I love him so much that eventually I agreed. I would serve food and drinks to them in my see through Salwar kameez. I was not allowed to wear any under garments so his friends can see my huge breast and nipple. I tried to cover as much as I can with my dopatta but my husband would give me an angry look and I would remove it. This continued for few months. And his friends would come to our house frequently to visit. They would talk to me more than my husband. And I could see the joy in my husband's face of me getting all the attention. I started enjoying it also. After they would leave I would strip naked as I was not allowed to wear anything in the house in front of my husband. We would have amazing sex those nights.

But one day I got so much used to being naked in the house that I opened the door to his friends wearing nothing. I could see their eyes looking at my boobs and my pussy. I didn't know what to do? But before I could move and hide myself my husband came behind me and stopped me from going any were. He welcomed his friends in with one hand holding me tightly. There I was butt naked in front of his friends. He said to me "Sally why don't you sit with us." I obeyed him and sat down opposite to his friends. There I was completely naked and sitting and chatting with them, as if nothing had happened and this is common to me.

Each weekend I had to host naked to his friends and colleagues. At first I was embarrassed it took few months to get used to my husband's wise. But then it became easy, the faces become known. It started making me horny. And I started getting wet, very wet...i was dripping to my feet. Everyone noticed it. But my husband forbid me on fucking any of his friends. Being naked is different and fucking them is different, he made it very clear. BUT I WAS SO HORNY...

Then one day I finished my household work and I felt like having a drink in the late afternoon, I am now a days always naked in the house. I normally get quite drunk in my second drink so I thought I only have one. I was almost finishing my drink when the doorbell rang. I thought my husband came early today. But one of his friends came to our house before my husband came home from work. It was Vinod. I welcomed him in but also told him that his friend was not home. He smiled and said he will wait. 

I offered him a drink, he said "if you're having one I will join you." So I poured another glass for me and made Vinod one also. We sat and talked casually. Al this while he was looking at my naked body. I could see his dick getting hard. I was getting very horny. I was quite drunk with the second glass. I couldn't talk properly. I was so wet that Vinod could see my pussy screaming to get fucked. Unknowingly I spread legs and was showing Vinod my wide open wet pussy. 

He knew exactly what to do and walked towards me and stood in front of me with his dick very close to my mouth. I couldn't wait and took of his trouser as fast as I can. I was shocked to see his dick. It was the size of my arm. It was surly double the size of my husbands, even more. 

I took his dick in my mouth and started sucking it. I was licking and sucking his dick like I have never tasted a dick that tasty. At that moment my mobile rang, it was my husband. I answered the phone with one hand and I had Vinod's dick in the other. He said he got caught up in work and will be late. I told him, "Vinod has come to meet you." Before I could finish Vinod put his dick in my mouth and started face fucking me. 

My husband said "dear please be careful of him and ask him to leave and come back later, he is not a good person." But I was so aroused with dick and also I was drunk, I could not hear all he said so I replied "ok dear".

As soon as I hung up Vinod took his dick out of my mouth and shoved it right inside my pussy and started fucking me. I screamed Ahhhhhhhhhh! In pleasure. Oh yes! yes! Fuck me... he was fucked me so hard that I was in ecstasy. He fuck me for 20 minutes and then stopped and asked me to bend over. I obeyed him like a good puppy. He put dick in my pussy and fucked me doggy styel. I shouted like I have never enjoyed like this before. "Fuck me Vinod... Ohhhhhh yessssss ahhhhhh! Fuck my pussy, fuck me like a bitch, yes! Yes! More... "

Vinod fucked me for hours before he sat me down on the floor and ordered me to beg for his cum on my face. "I obey him like I had no control "Oh Vinod please through our hot cum on my face please." And then hot cream just plunged all over my face and mouth, I have never tasted such tasty cum from my husband.

I lost track of time. All I know was that I had orgasm 4 times with him. This was the first time I had so many orgasm. My whole body was shaking in pleasure. 

We took a shower together and then Vinod left kissing me passionately and said "I will come tomorrow if you want." I smiled and nod my head in approval. That was the biggest mistake in my life.