 It was more than an hour Vinod has left, but I was still not sure of what the fuck just happened. The surprising thing was that I was not feeling guilty and was looking forward to seeing him tomorrow. Why am I thing this way, this is wrong. I should not be thinking this way. I am happily married and my sex life is fine. Then why suddenly I feel to want more?

My husband came home around 7:30pm. He was very tired from work. I knew he would cheer up see me naked usual in the house. i hugged him very tightly and he kissed me very passionately. i had made his favourite dish for dinner. While eating I wanted to tell him what had happened but word were not coming out of my mouth. I didn't know what and how to say to him. Then suddenly 

Santosh said "what did Vinod want?"

I said "Nothing, just wanted to meet." Keeping my eye on the plate. I was afraid to look at him.

He said "Did you ask him to leave as I told you?"

I stopped for a second and then realized that he had told me to do that but I was in too occupied with his cock in my mouth and was also drunk to have actual hear what he had said.

So I just nod my head and asked him, "He works with you. Right? Then why was he not on duty?"

Santosh said "He has done something very wrong in the office so we suspended him for a week to solve thing out in the office." You should not allow him to come in our house if I am not there."

I said "OK." And thought what fuck have I done. My husband will kill me if he ever found out that I allowed him to fuck me.

I could not sleep the whole night, thing what will I do if Vinod comes back tomorrow...

Next day started as usual. Me being my naked self, doing my regular household work. Santhosh left for work at 7am. It was passed 10am when the doorbell rang. I knew it had to be Vinod as no body come to our home at this time. I ran and wore a shirt of my husband that was lying on the bed. The shirt was too short and my butt was not nearly covered and a button was missing the bottom, so if I walked or sat down my pussy would be wide open for anyone to see. But it was better than Vinod seeing me naked again. 

I opened the door and saw Vinod standing there. He asked if he can come in and I said "NO." and told him what we did yesterday was a mistake and should not happen again. And I loved my husband a lot. If he ever finds out he would end our marriage, even worse he will kill me. To my surprise Vinod understood and apologised and left.

After 20 minutes he came back and rang the bell. I had already taken of the shirt and was naked again I didn't think he would come back. But when I opened the door he was standing there looking at me and said he felt really bad and it was not right to keep this thing hidden from my husband. So he will go to him now and confess all that had happened yesterday. 

I screamed "ARE YOU MAD."

And pulled him inside the house to talk to him properly and convince him not to destroy my life. We sat in the living room side by side almost too close to each other. My tits was touching his cheast. I was talking and talking to make sense to him that it was a mistake. but then suddenly he kissed me slightly. And I kissed him back, and hell loose broke...

In my mind I was saying NO this is wrong but my body was in full control. It was urging to get that amazing orgasm I had yesterday. I jumped on him and stuffed his mouth with my huge tits and beg him 

"OH Vinod suck my tits please."

Vinod suck on my tits and played with them. I was wet like a running tap. My pussy was itching like hell. I would do anything to get fucked now. I tried to take Vinod's trouser off but he did allow me yet, he said "wait not yet, I want to play with your body a bit more."

"But I want it now" I exclaimed.

"Not before I play with your pussy for a while." He said.

I smiled and spread my legs to invite him to play as much as he wanted. He held my legs with his hands and put his tongue in my pussy and licked it till I was about to cum. I was shivering to in ecstasy and he was enjoying to see me crying to cum. I would put anything in my cunt to cum. At that time he took a piace of black cloth out of his trouser pocket which was laying on the floor and tied my eyes. I could see anything. He whispered in my ear.

"Do you want me to fuck you?"

OH YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! 

I screamed. He then picked me up and put me on sofa. I could hear him walking around the flat. Then suddenly came up to me and asked me to lay down and spread my legs. I did as he asked, by this time I was quite exsited and ready to do anything for him to fuck me. 

I heard the main door open and then silent. I asked are you going to fuck me or not? Cause I can't take it anymore.

And then I felt a cock touching my pussy. I just grabbed him and shoved his shaft in me and he started fuck me slowly. "Oh yes fuck me, fuck me hard," I said. While he was fucking me I felt another cock on my face trying to face fuck me. I started socking it, and realized by the taste that this was Vinod. I held his cock with hand and sucked it like I was thrusty for his cum.

The feeling of not knowing the person who is fucking me was mind blowing, but still I removed the blind fold and got a shock!

It was Mr Singh. He is the Asst manager to me husband. He had come to our house often and has seen me naked all the time. And hear he was fuck me in my living room with one of his staff.

Mr Singh suddenly said "Oh Sally how I always dreamed to fuck you like this." "Only Santosh never allowed to touch you." 

I said "OOOOOOH! YES!! Mr Singh please just fuck me. Fuck me harder please..."

And then Vinod suddenly said" Mr Singh that's enough, please let me fuck her also." And picked me up and put me on my hands and knees, and shoved his huge cock in my wet pussy. His cock was so hard that I could feel it in my belly. And Mr Singh cam around and stuck his cock in my mouth, it was still wet with my pussy juice. This is the first time I tasted my pussy. I was completely out of control.

I love that cock in my pussy! Ohhhhhhh! Yes! yes! Ahhhh! Ahhh! Fuck me fuck harder vinod...

Do you love this cock sally vinod said.

Yeeeesssss! I love it ohhhhh! Ooooohhhhh!

Yeah! You love it. Don't you? You fucking sult!

Yes I am a SLUT! I am your SLUT! Ooohhhhhh! fuck yes! I am cumming...ahhhhh! yeah! Ahhhh!

Mr Singh came first and splashed his hot cum on my face. I have never see so much cum in my husband. Mr Singh fill my complete face with his white cream. While Vinod was fucking me hard from the back it was impossible to move and clean my face, so I let it be as I was about to cum again...

I was having orgasm after orgasm. More I came the more I wanted. Mr singh and vinod took turns to fuck me. They fucked me all the ways I could imagine. I don't know how long we enjoyed. But when I got up I was covered all over with Vinod and Mr Singh's cum. I wanted to wash up but Vinod didn't allow me. He wanted to see me all covered with their cum. 

They got up and dressed. I asked them if they would like to have some tea. They smiled and said yes. So I made tea and sat down together and realized it was late afternoon already. I never knew anyone can fuck that long. 

Vinod and Mr Singh kissed me and left. I sat down in the coach and said to myself.

"WOW!" 

I picked up my cell phone and saw 7 miss calls 2 SMS from Santosh.

The 1st message read "where are you? Call me back."

The 2nd message read "Big issue in office. Guys want to party at our place. They are missing your sexy body. Love you... miss you... see you soon. Santosh.

I was feeling scared and guilty for not being able to answer his phone. I was thinking if I should call him or not. My hands were shaking. But the courage and called him. To my luck he didn't answer. Maybe he is busy in meeting. So I went for a bath to clean all the cum on my body and face. Later I made some snacks and dinner for my husband's friends, who are coming to celebrate.

Santosh came around 6:30pm, I opened the door and jumped on him and kissed him. I told him how much I loved him and I missed him. He also hugged me tightly and kissed me passionately all over my body. He put me on the couch and sucked on my tits. I became wet and asked him to fuck me. We had amazing sex for a while. Then he went for a shower and said his friends will be hear soon and ask them to sit, he will come out soon.

I asked him what the celebration was about. 

He said Vinod was suspended from work because of something he did at office. But today afternoon Mr Singh had forgiven him and he would be joining back tomorrow.

I was happy to hear this, because I think I know why Mr Singh did what he did.

To be continued...