 When I got divorced from my husband of ten years, I was pretty naive and inexperienced when it came to sex. Well, I had had a lot of sex, but I had no idea what sex could truly be like. Over the next ten years or so, I experienced some crazy, awesome sex and some crazy, boring sex. I had men with large cocks but barely knew how to use it, and I had men who weren't all that big but knew how to use it. I've had men who could do things with their tongues and their fingers and various toys and props, and it was clear their priority was to get me off...a lot!

Often, I'd start out feeling a little nervous, slightly restrictive even, but it wouldn't take long for me to lose all inhibitions and completely let go and give in. About five years ago I started living with a man, I'll call him Joe. We always had great sex (or so I thought). It was sometimes passionate, sometimes hot and heavy, sometimes we'd make love and for the first time in my life, I would have major orgasms by simply sucking his cock. 

At first he'd talk a little dirty, telling me how hot I looked with my lips wrapped around him, and then his dirty talk and single proclamations turned into him describing his fantasies. The fantasy (or what I thought was just a fantasy, but I would soon learn it was more), that really got me off was him telling me how hot he thought it would be to watch me suck another guy. He'd tell me how he'd love to sit behind me and watch my pussy drip as the other guy fed his cock into my throat. Each time we had sex his stories got a little longer, filled with a few more details.

He soon moved onto how he'd like to feel my mouth on his cock as another guy fucked me, he said it would be hot to hear my moans from another's large cock fucking me hard and shoving my mouth further onto his cock. He began to ask me if I was turned on by the idea of a threesome, and before I knew it, he had me talking dirty and telling mine own stories of him being cuckold and/or me getting gang-banged by two or three guys. 

He eventually introduced porn into our sex activities, and often times he chose MFM or MMFM, sometimes cuckold, sometimes the husband was sharing with another guy or two. I don't know why, probably because I had become so into Joe's stories, I now need a story or a plot that tells me why the people in the video are fucking...I can't just have three people start fucking and enjoy it. Well, Joe knew this and he would always pick just the right movies. And if the video didn't come with its own plot, Joe would narrate. He would break out my toys and have me masturbate while watching porn and listening to his stories. 

We really got into mutual masturbation, and depending on the night, we could do it for hours. We'd switch it up and he'd fuck me with a dildo or I'd suck his cock for a while and then one day he busted out a camera. He started filming me playing with myself using my various toys. He always picked out sexy lingerie and high heels for me to wear and he'd direct me on what to do for the camera.

Do you remember earlier in this story I said I thought these were just his fantasies? Well, I soon learned that he was well experienced in the lifestyle. Since he was a teenager Joe shared his girlfriends with other guys, and it was the details of these stories that really turned me on.

Oh, he had so many, you'd think it would turn me off to hear about his sex life before me, but it had the opposite effect. He told me how one friend, I'll call him Brad (he's in a lot of Joe's stories) would come over and instantly Joe's gf would drop to her knees and suck Brad off while Joe watched. Sometimes the GF would do things she wouldn't normally do or allow but because Joe would be so turned on watching certain things happen to her, she gave in. Joe told me stories of how this same friend, Brad would go out with Joe and his gf to a bar or club, and Joe would tell me how Brad would "handle" Joe's gf. He would grab her ass, play with her tits, follow her to the bathroom or outside to smoke and bend her over and fuck her. It didn't matter if other people saw him, in fact, Brad and Joe got off on making Joe's GF a slut, they both loved knowing other guys wanted her and that she would do whatever and whomever they told her to. 

Joe told me how he looked forward to Brad fucking her because Joe liked sloppy seconds, thirds, or fourths. He would interlace his stories of the past with his fantasies for me and how he really got into it when Brad took complete control. His favorite stories were of Brad and another guy sharing Joe's GF, he said it was like porn and live porn is awesome. He then began to tell me how Brad and a friend or two would come over in the middle of the night while Joe was sleeping, and he'd wake up to find two or three guys fucking his GF. He said he'd try to stop them and every time he ended up being tied to a chair so he couldn't stop them. They'd place the chair real close to where they were fucking her so he couldn't help but watch as multiple men stuck their cocks in every hole she had. Here's the part of the story that gets me wet every time I hear it, and I'll tell you why in just a little bit...when Brad and his friends were done fucking Joe's GF, they would just get dressed and leave.

Now, even though this a slut story, and Brad is in control when the three of them are together, there were rules that had to be followed. Brad wasn't into pain, nor did he want to degrade or hurt anyone, all sexual interactions had to be safe, pain-free and hot; and although both Brad and Joe liked her sloppy, only Brad was allowed to come in her, everyone else had to come on her. I'm not big on most bodily fluids, and I don't like to swallow, but the idea of my man watching me get fucked hard by a couple of strangers is beyond orgasm. But that's not the end of that scenario, and I'll tell you later how my boyfriend and I really got into it, but for now Joe would tell me how he fantasizes that the guys finish by tying me up so I can't move, or shower or get dressed. They leave me with my legs spread open, my pussy right in front of Joe, so he could see Brads come dripping out of my used pussy...did I mention they would not untie Joe before they left? They just leave him there, me just out of reach, forcing him to look at my face and tits covered in jizz from guys we don't know. They would leave him his cell which allowed him to call for help.

Joe would go on to tell me how he would call one other guy for help and how once the guy arrives he sees me too, not just Joe. He'd go onto tell me how he'd tell the other guy to fuck me as payment for coming to help, he'd say things like "do you like my girlfriends pussy? And, "she's a slut, she just fucked five guys in front of me, do you like sluts?" He'd continue talking smut and telling the guy how to fuck me until I was wiggling all over the bed, begging for the new stranger to stick his cock in me. The guys cock would get so hard, and I'd beg for him to first put it in my mouth. I love sucking off another guy while Joe watches because it makes Joe so hot, he always tells me how pretty my mouth looks wrapped around a hard cock, and even though I was fantasizing about the story as If it was me, and my pussy was throbbing from the intense story, I became incredibly wet again, and I told Joe that I would totally be begging the guy to fuck me, and before I knew it, I was telling the story. I'd tell Joe how hot it would be if we had a friend like Brad to fuck me or who would make me fuck strangers while Joe watched. I really started getting into these fantasies and Joe knew it, so we began to look for a regular fuck buddy.