 So, we decided we would try a threesome, a MFM. And although I was really into the "fantasy" of Joe sharing me with another guy and of him watching other guys fuck me, I wasn't completely ready to just start fucking whomever he wanted...I had a couple rules, at first.

I didn't want any of our friends or Joe's employees, I wasn't sure any of them would be able to separate play time from regular time. I wanted us to find someone and chat a bit first, maybe find someone who had experience being with other couples, who could be discreet and mature about the situation and hopefully hang for a while. I wanted to meet the guy first, I wasn't looking for love or to replace Joe, but there had to be some attraction and for me that comes by seeing someone carry themselves, interact with others as well as have very good personal hygiene. I mean, it wasn't the seventies...I didn't like afros and if you need to shower, then for kink's sake...take ten and get clean, make me wanna suck it. 

Joe created a profile for us on AFF and he started to find guys he thought I might be interested in. He'd engage in a couple back and forth chats and eventually we met a couple that we thought we'd try. They were all very nice and agreed to meet in a public place knowing we may or may not hook up that night. The first guy was young, he was cute and his pics, showed a well-hung, clean cock. But when we invited him over it was evident he did not have the MFM experience he had claimed. He made a few immature comments, giggled quite a bit and although this was new to me, I was comfortable with the intensity of smut-talk Joe could produce...I just wasn't sure this young guy could hang too long if he got too excited (without giving away too much of the story, let me say I was quite pleased at his hang time). We started pretty slow, I made cocktails, Joe turned on some soft porn and we chatted for a while. I guess Joe was giving him all kinds of signals to make a move, but he was nervous, so Joe started caressing and kissing me. We were sitting across the living room from the young stud and he had a clear view. Joe lightly rubbed by pussy, the gently spread my legs apart and pulled my panties to the side. 

Then he reached up and exposed my tits and began to suck on one while kneading the other between his fingers. As we heated up his pace sped up too and he began to knead and suck a little harder, and he moved his hand back down to my pussy and just as hard as he was sucking my tit he started finger fucking me. He had me moaning and I was getting wet and then he started with the instructions...look at our guest, look at him stroking that huge cock...then he asked, "do you want to suck it?" A breathy 'yes' came out of my mouth, I wanted to suck it and I wanted Joe to watch. I was so excited by the idea of one of our fantasies coming true, I said yes over and over until Joe pulled his fingers out of my pussy and slid them into my open mouth and I couldn't say yes anymore. And before I knew it, Joe had replaced his fingers with his cock, his hard, thick, wet cock and he was telling me to suck him first...and I did, for quite some time. Right as I was about to come from sucking his dick, Joe pulled it out of my mouth, I begged for just a little more and he told me I'd have to wait.

I got up, pouting just a little, then I looked at our guest, his cock in his hand, it was slightly pink, juices coming out of the tip and just as I began to move towards him, Joe pulled me back just a little and said to me, "not quite yet." Joe asked me to fill his drink and offered another to our new, young friend and so into the bar I went to fill all our glasses. I couldn't quite hear everything they were talking about, but just as I walked into the room they began to laugh a little and our guest said very clearly, "yes!"

I walked over to Joe and handed him his drink and then sat next to the young man handing him his glass. I took a quick sip of my cocktail and then set it aside. Feeling a little nervous, I began to remove my heels and then my stockings, explaining that I was pretty warm and I asked if it was ok if I took some things off so I cool down. I stood right in front of our guest as I peeled off each item, one by one, leaving my panties for last and as I placed my finger in the waist band to pull them down, I placed my leg on the couch next to the young man so he had a clear view of my completely shaved, open, and glistening pussy. I placed my free hand gently behind his head and brought it forward until I could feel his hot breath on my lips. I held it there, just out of reach for a moment and as I pushed my hips forward his tongue slipped right between my pussy lips. 

Joe watched for a while, letting me enjoy the soft lapping of this tongue until I was about to explode, when I heard Joe's voice telling me not to scare the young lad, he laughed a little saying I shouldn't come all over his face until we knew if he liked it. I was so caught up in getting my pussy licked by this stranger that I didn't realize that Joe had pulled his chair across the floor, closer to the couch our guest was sitting on and so when I turned to sit near him, he was right there, he quickly had a hand on my hip and I could feel gentle pressure encouraging me to get down on my knees. 

I thought for sure he wanted me to go back and forth between them, sucking their cocks, but then I heard Joe say, "I want you to suck me again for a bit...cuz then I want to watch you suck him, and I don't want any distractions, so get on your hands and knees, stick that hot ass up and wrap these red lips around my cock one more time." Joe was asking our new friend if he liked his view and telling me to rub my clit and spread my pussy to show our guest where I wanted him to fuck me, then he told the young man to "go ahead, touch her, lick her, fuck her if you want, I love the way my woman's mouth feels around my cock while some other guy fucks the shit out of her pussy, so go ahead...do whatever you want. In a couple minutes, I gonna pull out and let you stick that hard cock of yours down her throat, and I'm gonna watch you fuck the shit out of her mouth." 

My pussy was quivering with anticipation, waiting for him to do something with my pussy and then I heard him ask, "I really want to fuck her, but I really want her to suck me, will she suck me after I stick my dick in her pussy?" I couldn't say anything with Joe's cock in deep to my throat, but I knew what he was gonna say and as he told our guest, that I was a slut in training and that I would do as I was told, I began to squirt and my ass was pumped up hi, my pussy was open, I was begging for him to stick his cock in me and I knew I'd gladly lick it clean whenever he pulled it out of my pussy. He quickly fumbled with a condom and soon I was filled with the swollen head of his cock and I could feel my pussy stretching to take all of him in. I tried to moan and gasp, but couldn't as Joe held my head firm against him, he was whispering to me to try and tell him what I was feeling, but he knew I couldn't and I knew this is what he had been talking about...the part he loves, another guy fucking me, making me moan and gasp for air while my mouth is wrapped tightly on Joe's cock. 

I could feel his throbbing dick slide a little in and almost out and then farther down my throat and I could hear our guest telling Joe how wet my pussy was and how he wanted to fuck all my holes, and just as quickly as Joe pulled out of mouth, I was turned around, looking right at one of the largest cocks I had seen in person, pulsating in front of my face. It all happened at once, Joe stuck his dick in my ass, I was so wet it slid right in, I barely felt it, but he pushed just enough that my open mouth took in all of the juicy, hard cock that had just been in my pussy...I felt it slide right to the back of my throat...and just as quickly as they had begun to fuck my ass on one end and my mouth on the other, they both came. Joes jizz was coming back out of my ass dripping down into my pussy and down my legs and our new friends' cum bubbled out of the sides of my mouth, despite his efforts to shoot it down my throat I couldn't swallow it all.

OMG, I was exhausted, but still so very horney...the both sat back as I rolled onto the floor. We were all sweaty, I was feeling a bit vulnerable, completely exposed to them both, I nervously slid my hands up my body. Maybe I intended to cover myself but as I felt their cum beneath my fingertips I couldn't help but smile as I began to rub the cum from between my pussy lips with one hand and down my chin across my tits with the other. Instantly I felt a new surge of horniness and I couldn't help myself...I started vigorously fingering myself while I pinched and licked at my cum-covered tits while they both watched, spewing slutty, cat calls to me and then before I knew it, I was coming again. Well, actually, I was squirting again, I was squirting up into the air and I was squirming about for several minutes until my orgasm finally subsided. Now I was done...I needed to rest.

When I woke a couple hours later, Joe's cock was fucking my pussy and our young friend had gone home. Joe and I continued to fuck for a while, talking over the details of the previous night's activities and we came together as Joe's last words were, "I can't wait to do that again!" Hmmm...neither can I!