 Mark could feel the sweat as it ran down his cheek. He watched as it fell to her chest, forming a small pool between her breasts, then trickling down her abdomen. She was still wanting more, as he slammed his body down, penetrating her will the full length of his shaft. She moaned in delight with each thrust, biting at his nipples, the nails of her fingers digging deeply into his ass. She was pushing her hips toward his, meeting each thrust with one of her own. "Fuck me damn it," she screamed as if he were holding something back. "Harder, Harder," she reiterated, as she stuck a finger in his ass. 

His thrusts intensified as she worked the finger deeper, demanding he pick up the pace. He could feel her hot juices streaming around his member and onto his thighs, causing an intense slapping sound with each of their thrust. Somewhere deep within him he heard the moan escape his lips as he felt his member spasm, ejecting his seed deep within her. She bucked wildly as her own orgasms peaked. She looked up into his eyes and smiled seductively. She pushed him over and kissed his lips and began nibbling and biting her way down his chest and abdomen. She took his limp, flaccid member into her mouth and sucked gently as if pulling the last ounce of nectar from it. He was stunned at how beautiful she looked at that moment. Her short brown hair, and soft complexion just amplified the innocent look of her eyes, as she looked up at him. She was every bit as good as he had imagined she would be. She let his member fall from her mouth and smiled as she jumped to her feet. How could this angel have so much energy, he thought as he watched her. He had just met her in his favorite bar. She was not a regular there, and he was frankly amazed when she suggested they go to his place for some fun and games.

"Do you want to come with me," she said, as she pulled the small dress over her head. "Sure, but where do you want to go," he asked as he got up from the bed. "It's a surprise," she said. The look in her eyes intensified as Mark watched her. It made him feel uncomfortable. "Come on, we'll take my car," she said as she led him to the street. She hurriedly opened his door and pushed him in. She sped through the streets, and before long he was not sure where they were. It was not a part of the city he was familiar with. It was more warehouses and vacant buildings. He shifted nervously in his seat. "Don't worry," she giggled, "You'll love this place." He was not so sure, as she pulled into a dark alley behind one of the buildings.

He looked around as if expecting someone to jump out and kill them. He could see the glow from a street lamp at the other end of the building. She walked up to a door and knocked, as if tapping out a series of notes. A small window in the door opened for moment, recognizing her then opening the door. Mark could see a small camera above the door also. There in the doorway stood one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. "Kerri," she said, as she reached out and pulled the two of them in, closing the door behind them. Kerri, so that was her name. Hell, they had talked, and had sex, yet it was the first time he had heard her name. 

"Where have you been," the beautiful red head asked. The two of them swapped stories for a moment. He heard Kerri call the red head Jen. She was striking, wearing a short red dress which revealed her exquisite form. Kerri took his hand, "This is Mark, he is with me tonight. Jen smiled as she looked him up and down. He wondered if she could see through his clothing. Jen took Kerri's hand and led her to another door. She punched in a code on a pad at the side of the door. Mark could hear the door unlock. She pushed the door open, "Have fun you two," she said winking at Kerri.

Mark could here music and the sound of people. They walked through the door and down a hallway coming to a large room. There was a bar at one end, a dance floor in the middle and several smaller rooms around the periphery. Each of the smaller rooms had glass windows. There were small crowds of people standing around each of the windows. "What are they doing," he asked Kerri. "You'll see," she said as she pulled him to the bar. She ordered them each a glass of something to drink. Mark sipped the pink liquid. It was sweet, with a strong after taste. "What is this," he asked. 

"A little something to loosen you up," she replied, "trust me." She pushed the glass to his lips and saw to it that he finished it's content. She kissed him hard, sucking on his tongue as her own explored his mouth. She pulled him over to one of the open windows at the edge of the room. As they approached the window he could see a group of men, naked, in various positions with a woman. It was a gang bang for all to see. He looked around the periphery of the club, all the rooms with glass windows. "Now you get it," Kerri said laughing, "Your first time to a sex club, uh?" Mark only nodded.

He stood there watching the scene before him. There was a man standing in front of the woman with his cock sliding in and out of her mouth. There was a man under her, with his manhood in her hungry pussy, with yet another pounding her anal canal. "My god," he said, watching the scene. He looked over at Kerri, she was smiling, "Want to join them," she asked. "I don't think so," he said. He felt flush and lite headed. "You will later," she said, as she let her hand run down his crotch. He felt it stir with her touch. He watched as the woman in the glass room, hungrily bobbed up and down the mans throbbing cock. He was thrusting in and out, moaning, as she increased the intensity. She reached up and grabbed his balls, squeezing and pulling. He let out a deep moan, and grabbed his cock. She pulled the head of his cock out of her mouth, just as he erupted, letting his white hot seed shoot up over her head, falling on her back and the floor.

The other two men continued to pound away, moaning with each continuing thrust. The man behind her was huge, with a massive tool that looked as if it were going to rip her anal canal open and split her in half. The other man below her was raising his hips, bucking with each thrust. You could tell he was close, the look on his face as he was trying to keep up and hold back. It did not take long and Mark could see the white jism dripping from the woman's swollen vaginal lips. She was screaming now, as orgasm after orgasm ripped through her. It was amazing to watch, here in the open with so many others. The man was slamming his massive manhood into her now with such force it looked as if her breasts where going to swing up and into her face. He was moaning loudly, and the force of his thrusts was making loud slapping noises, each of which were met with screams of "fuck my ass, baby," as the woman was being pounded to orgasmic overload. 

Mark saw the man standing by the glass booth door stroking himself, his hard erect cock throbbing as his hand moved up and down the shaft. The man opened the door and walked in, the crowd outside around Mark and Kerri started cheering as he thrust his swollen member into her mouth. She immediately started working on it, the moans still coming from her throat. The man behind her pulled his huge cock from her ass just as he exploded, letting a long stream of whit cum shoot up her back. The woman quickly pulled the other man from her mouth and went to work sucking the last few drops from the twitching cock that had just been pulled from her ass. The new man sensing he had been abandoned, shoved his cock between the womans swollen labial lips and continued his quest for gratification. The woman again began to moan her approval. Mark was shocked at her stamina and ability to take on so many men. It was as if she wanted the orgasms to be continuous. 

He looked at Kerri, she was rubbing her hand up and down her skirt, massaging herself through the thin cloth. She took his hand and began to lead him across the room. He could see a darkened glass window in the direction they were headed. He wanted her now. He watched looked down at her tight ass as she led him to the room. He wanted to put his aching member inside her. She stopped at the door and looked up at him and kissed him on the mouth, biting his lip as she pulled away. "I want you to fuck me," she said, as she walked in the room. It stunned him to hear her say it in such a vulgar way, but it was true. He barely knew her, so what else could it be called. 

He walked in the room. She had already pulled the dress from her body and instantly began to pull at his pants, freeing his now throbbing member. He felt as if he were on fire, and the heat was radiating down to his swollen, aching, throbbing cock. It was amazing at how fast she managed to get him undressed. She immediately went to work sucking his member. The saliva from her exploring tongue, offering some relief to the excruciating pain. She was moving slowly up and down his shaft, her tongue flickering over the hole within its head, teasing it. She took him deep, all the way down and held him there for a long period. He closed his eyes, the sensations pulsating throughout his body. She pulled him from her mouth and looked up at him, those beautiful eyes, pleading with him for more. He grabbed her hair and pulled her head back. "You little cocksucker," he said, "you want me to fuck you." She nodded her head. He slapped her across the face, then rolled her over onto her stomach. "What are doing," he could here the words in his head but he couldn't stop his actions.

He slapped her on the ass several times, before letting his fingers explore her anal opening. He could feel the muscles tighten as his finger tried to penetrate the sphincter opening. He slapped her hard on the ass this time, bringing a yelp of pain from her lips. "Loosen up and relax," he demanded. She complied with his requests as his finger slid into her. He felt the warm heat emitting from her. She pushed against his hand, "please, give it to me," she said. He worked his finger in and out, loosening her up for what was to come. He pushed another finger into the tight opening and again she squealed in pain or delight. He didn't care which, he only knew he wanted her. No, he wanted to be in her ass, to feel the tight muscles as they clamped around his throbbing tool.

He began to rub his other hand, up and down her moist vaginal opening. The wetness coating his hand. He could feel the swollen bulb of her clitoris with each pass of his hand. She moaned her delight, and began to rock against him harder. He felt the juices running out of her as her thigh muscles quivered with orgasmic relief. He put his swollen cock to the anal opening, feeling the resistance to it's size. He pushed against it, trying to gain entrance. He slapped her ass even harder this time. 

"Relax," he said, wiping some of her own orgasmic juices on the opening. He slammed his throbbing cock into the anal opening, feeling it give up it's resistance as the head of his cock passed the sphincter guard. "Oh my god," he screamed as he felt the muscles clamp down on his swollen member. The fire and heat radiating from her was engulfing him, sending rippling waves of pleasure from his buried cock to all parts of his body. He began to slide in and out of her tight hole, feeling the heat and pleasure building. She was rubbing herself to orgasmic relief with each of his thrust.

He heard the door open and saw the Red head from the club door walk in. She was nude, with erect nipples. He saw the moisture between her legs. She bent down and kissed Kerri on the mouth. The site of them kissing so passionately, was the most erotic thing he had ever seen. He began to pound her ass with all his might. Feeling the excitement building within his balls. He watched as the red haired raven disappeared beneath Kerri. It was only a moment until he felt her tongue and lips on his balls. He impaled himself within her ass, holding himself deep within her, letting Jen, the red haired beauty work his balls with her tongue. He could not hold back any longer, the heat from Kerri and Jens tongue sent him over the edge. He began to quiver, thrusting wildly, as the hot seed exploded from his cock. It felt like his soul was being was expelled within her. It was an orgasm unlike any other. He watched as the thick liquid streamed from around his cock and down to the Jens awaiting tongue. She continually worked on cleaning up the liquid, all the while, paying attention to the swollen thick clitoris of Kerri.

Kerri was moaning loudly, bucking, and screaming obscenities. Jen, pulled a large dildo from under the ledge. It was enormous. Mark had never seen one so large. He sat back watching as Jen, shoved it into Kerri's hungry hole. She rode the enormous rubber tool up and down, screaming for more. Mark crawled over to her, the site of seeing her on the object was bring his member to life again. He pushed his cock to her face. She moaned loudly but did not take it. He grabbed her by the hair and looked into her eyes. They were glassy and full of desire. He slapped her across the face again, and she screamed "Fuck me," Jen, "Fuck me." 

Jen worked the object like a pro, and he could see she was going for the g-spot as she pushed it in at an angle. Kerri let out an orgasmic scream, that was deafening, and he could see the liquid shoot from her full vaginal opening. He did not know a woman could expel orgasmic juices so far and in such quantities. His cock was throbbing again. He walked over to Jen, and grabbed her by the hair pushing his swollen cock to her mouth. She took him and began to suck his cum covered tool. It was shear bliss watching her move up and down his shaft. He closed his eyes as she worked him. It didn't take long and he could feel the last of his soul boiling to the top. He felt the contractions within his cock, and just as he began to eject his seed within her mouth, he felt her finger as it suddenly worked it's way into his ass. He exploded as he realized the grunts and groans filling the room were coming from his lips. He fell to the floor spent. As he was looking upward toward the ceiling he saw them for the first time. There was a platform above them, with dozens of people watching and smiling. He had become the nights entertainment. He looked at Kerri, she was smiling that same erotic look she had had in his apartment. Thanks, she said, as she kissed Jen deeply, while holding his hand. He knew he had found a new club.