 Everything is quieter in the winter. Cock hunting in the freezing weather is frustrating – the army guys did some winter endurance with me and my duties at the bar kept my ass busy enough. Although the cold weather stuff for the army seemed a bit dumb. The last war anyplace cold was the one with Hitler... 

Life in winter was much like in everyone else's world, cold, grey and too fucking long. 

Christmas and NYE were fun, There was a vodka bar outside for the New Year's party, complete with a custom ice sculpture built by some Finnish dude who was the brother of one of the lorry drivers. He made an impossibly large, but anatomically correct ice sculpture cock, hard packed which I was impaled on for long enough to lose internal feeling before it began to melt. They kept me in furry boots and gloves and ridiculously furry ear muffs. My other extremities were pissed on to keep them warm - because hypothermia and frostbite might spoil the fun... I don't think my nipples have ever been that hard. The coating of spunk and piss on my nipples formed honest-to-fuck miniature icicles; my hair glistening with frozen cum pearls and piss diamonds. And I'm not gonna lie, the freezing pussy was kind of a weird feeling. But when they started filling it up with hot spunk after was fucking awesome. Ice princess eat your cunt out... I can't quite reach it, but they did manage to angle me so I got a faceful of my own squirt juice... 

Happily, now the warm weather was back, as a treat I got to go dogging again. Dan and his brother had got hold of an old Range Rover and 'modified' it into my hobby car, including an gadget to hose me down after wards. It was big, comfortable and the leather seats were easy to clean. My favourite 'modification' was the towbar. The biggest one we could find, fixed so there is room for me to mount it, facing forward. Having my pussy impaled on that with the engine purring is indescribable. 

Being fucked is always good. Always... But what I love to do most while dogging is to be mounted on the chrome hitch, topless and suck cock after cock and have them unload on my face and tits...The tow bar stunt always went down well with doggers... 

Dan had built up quite a good circle of locals and a few from further afield who didn't mind travelling, and a few who where on the road anyway, like lorry and cab drivers that he would text and there were always by passers... 

I had built up a decent collection of slogan outfits that made my intentions / purpose obvious, but would pass entry into a straight nightclub. My favourites were sheer t-shirts that had slogans like 'cocksucking slut' glittering across the front in rhinestones...heels or boots and a thong. Dan didn't like me to wear bras so I mostly don't. Strangely he did like me to wear panties, albeit skimpy ones. Usually a skirt, short denim with pockets jammed with condoms and wet wipes for contributors that wanted them. I tend to prefer having my skirt shoved up and under wear yanked aside... but shorts round my ankles works just as well. And the thing is with the shorts, the damp patch looks good. And the thing is, I seem to dress like this most of the time now. 

I had quickly learned that squatting for a piss is always a good ice breaker, especially when Dan has me on a leash or by the hair while I go, holding a workman's torch over me like a spotlight. The first guy that approaches us is so ready he jams deep into my willing mouth while piss is still gushing out of my waxed pussy, the small knot of guys with him cheering him on as he pumps spunk down my throat in under a minute. 

The leash is tugged when he is finished, and I'm led over to a car, where a freshly fucked, nicely shaved pussy is waiting for me to clean. My face is buried in the faceless woman's cunt, busily tounging her clean. 

I can feel my ass cheeks being spread, then a cock probing - I had no way of knowing it was Dan until he was in, bareback and the rhythm felt familiar....the meat that soon joined him in my ass is sheathed and the joint invasion makes me scream delightedly into the cunt of the faceless woman...My own neglected cunt begins to drip on the ground. As usual, the penetration of my ass makes me squirt, my hips bucking fiercely as the force of the thrust from behind shove me harder against the woman. I can feel my mouth filling up with the salty taste of pussy cum and I work my tongue harder against her clit. 

I get pulled away by my hair, I'm reluctant to leave the slippery, tasty musk of her cunt, my whole face covered in her juices and dregs of the spunk I'd sucked out her hole. My face is quickly replaced by between her legs by another guy pounding at her juiced up cunt. 

The two cocks inside me are grinding agonisingly and pleasurably deep as (finally!) a third cock enters my pussy from the front, filling me completely – my holes stretched so tight I'm afraid I will spilt apart , even though I'm crushed between the three men, barely able to breathe, yet another guy somehow works his way into my mouth, just at the point I thought it would never end, a hot flood burned hotly up inside my ass, followed swiftly by the clean spasm of the condomned cock, then a merciful release in pressure as they began to deflate...The multiple penetration had stretched and lubed me enough to spend a while on the towbar, so Dan yanked my clothes off, and helped me mount the solid chrome lump and I went to task, entertaining the crowd orally, getting plastered with, and swallowing spunk until I told Dan that my jaw felt like it was going to dislocate...