 GUYS NIGHT OUT

Rick and Tom had planned to go clubbing Friday night after work. They met at their favorite bar for a drink before heading to the clubs. The place was packed and they were able to get the last table with two stools. As it turned out they did not need to go clubbing after all. Rick spotted two women who seemed to be searching for a place to sit their drinks down and he went over to them. Tom watched Rick chat with the two women and noticed that they smiled and nodded. Rick led them over to the table and introduced them to Tom.

"This is my friend Tom. Tom, this is Meagan and Naomi," Rick said making the introductions.

"Pleased to meet you both, please sit down," Tom said offering his seat.

Meagan and Naomi sat down gratefully as they had been standing for a while. The four of them talked freely and got comfortable with each other. The guys learned the girls were visiting for the weekend. They had several rounds of drinks and got pretty loose. Meagan seemed to be the leader of the two so Rick focused on her. He was standing close to where she was seated and placed his hand on thigh. She smiled and let her hand drift toward his crotch. She was surprised and pleased to find him hard.

"Is that really all you that I feel?"

"I'm afraid it is. I hope that you are not disappointed."

"Hardly disappointed," she answered as she ran her hand across his crotch.

Meagan then said she had to go to the ladies room and Naomi said she would join her.

"Decision time," Rick quipped knowing that the girls would decide on how far things would go tonight.

"What do you think will be the verdict?" Tom asked.

"Well Meagan seemed to like my cock. My guess is that she is game and is trying to talk Naomi into it."

Just then the girls returned to the table and they sat around chatting some more. Rick then asked Meagan, "Where are you staying?"

"The Continental," she responded

"That's a marvelous hotel."

"Would you ladies like to invite us for a night cap over there?" Rick asked.

"I think we could have you over for one drink," Meagan said with a smile.

The four of them left the bar and hailed a taxi. The two girls got in the back with Rick in the middle as Tom sat in the front. Meagan immediately put her hand in Rick's lap and rubbed against his crotch. Naomi looked at her and smiled as she also put her hand in Rick's lap. The two of them rubbed his erect cock through his pants. 

Rick noticed that the girl's miniskirts had ridden up showing a lot of leg. He put his hands between their thighs and they parted their legs slightly for him. He stroked both pussies through their panties as both girls gasped softly. In minutes their panties were soaking wet. The taxi arrived at the hotel and he removed his hands from the girl's mounds. Tom paid the driver and the four of them got out of the taxi. Rick's state of desire was very noticeable and Naomi giggled as she patted his cock.

The four of them went straight to the hotel room as they opted to use the mini bar rather than stop in the hotel cocktail lounge. On the elevator the four of them kissed and had a session of tongue dueling. Rick first kissed Meagan as Tom kissed Naomi driving their tongues deep into the girl's mouths. The girls kissed back and tongued the guys as well. Rick then kissed Naomi who sucked his tongue like she had a cock in her mouth. Rick thought Meagan would be the assertive one but Naomi had gotten very aggressive. Tom and Meagan then French kissed each other.

The elevator arrived at their floor and they went into the hotel room. Once inside, everyone had a nightcap from the mini bar. It didn't take long before they were hugging, kissing and fondling each other. Tom steered Naomi into the bedroom and they were followed by Rick and Meagan. The four of them quickly shed their clothes and then quietly admired the naked bodies.

Meagan had a nice body and she was a natural redhead. She had a nicely trimmed red tuft of hair just above her pussy. Her fair skin contrasted beautifully with her red hair and for the first time Rick noticed her green eyes. She was a beauty. Naomi was a cute brunette who wore hair pulled back. She was almost flat chested but she had long hard nipples on her small tits. She was straight lined from her breasts to her waist but then her hips flared out to a shapely ass. Her ass was definitely her best asset. 

The girls looked at the two erect cocks before them and they realized just how big Rick was. Neither of them had had a cock that big before and they were a little timid. Tom had an above average cock but it was slender and not intimidating. He had more of a cock that the girls were used to. The guys were surprised to see a king size bed rather than two queens. They suspected that these girls had fun with each other too.

The four of them got on the king size bed with both girls on their back. Rick got between Meagan's legs and Tom got between Naomi's legs. Tom slid his cock easily into Naomi's sopping wet pussy and the two of them began to rock back and forth. Rick eased his thick cock into Meagan's tight cunt and worked it slowly until he was balls deep in her pussy. She had never been so full and she swore that she could feel every ridge and vein on his cock touch her vaginal wall. She gasped as he hit bottom.

The girls were so hot that they both had mild orgasms when the cocks first entered them and rubbed against their clits. Naomi was working Tom's cock now and she really knew how to fuck. She had her legs wrapped around his torso and she humped her hips at him and kept his dick in constant contact with her clit. He could feel the friction of his cock rubbing her clit and the contractions from her pussy.

Meagan on the other hand hard a hard time moving as she was so stuffed with cock. Rick was doing a marvelous job of bringing her from one climax to another as he pounded his cock deep into her pussy. His cock never lost contact with her clit and she came so much that his cock moved easily now in her soaked pussy. She was grunting and groaning as she went through multiple orgasms. Her last one was the most intense one she had ever had and it was finally brought on when Rick fired a barrage of cum into her. She felt the warm liquid flood her innards like never before. No one had ever cum that much in her before. 

Naomi and Tom tensed up next to them and he shot his wad into her cunt as she too experienced yet another orgasm. Naomi couldn't wait until she sampled Rick's big cock. The two guys rolled off the girls and lay next to them on the bed. Naomi slid down and took Rick's wet soft cock in her mouth and sucked it clean of Meagan's and Rick's juices. Meagan lay there with her body still quivering from the intense fuck session. Tom smiled down at her and then moved between her legs. He began to lick her quim and both girls were surprised that he didn't seem to mind that Rick had cum in her pussy.

Rick was soon hard again and Naomi mounted his cock emitting a gasp as she slid all the way down on it. She began to move her hips and clench her buttocks as she fucked his big cock. Tom watched her hot ass and then he decided to test the water. He grabbed some lotion from the bathroom and applied it generously to his cock. He knelt behind Naomi and fingered her asshole applying lotion to it as well. She just kept on fucking Rick as if she knew what was coming.

"Come on get your cock in there," Naomi yelled back at Tom.

Tom pushed forward and his cock slid right into her. Naomi had obviously been butt fucked before but he wondered if she had ever been double fucked. She was ecstatic with two cocks in her and she thrust her hips wildly fucking both cocks. The three of them were humping each other with abandon now. Rick would thrust his hips up driving his cock deep into her pussy as she slammed her cunt down on his cock causing Tom's cock to almost slip out of her ass. Then she pushed back against him and his cock filled her rectum as she lifted herself off of Rick's cock. Rick made sure that his cock did not leave her pussy.

The three of them pounded each other as Meagan watched. She had never seen anyone take two cocks at the same time and it was exciting to watch her girlfriend get skewered in both holes. Naomi tensed her body as it was rocked with a massive orgasm.

"Oh sweet Jesus, I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Please hold me, hold me!" she cried out as her body shook with tremors from the intensity of her orgasm.

Tom shot his load deep into her ass as he shoved his cock in as far as it would go. Naomi's sphincter milked his cock as if her ass had a mind of its own. Rick stiffened below her and flooded her cunt with his spunk. She felt his cock throbbing in her pussy as rope after rope of semen bounced off her vaginal walls. She collapsed on top of him as he held her tightly. He could feel her hard sharp nipples pressing into his chest. Tom knelt back and caressed her shapely ass. He massaged her ass cheeks and toyed with her bung hole as his cum trickled out it.

"God, I have never been fucked like that," she gasped.

Naomi then rolled off of Rick and lay on her back with cum oozing from her pussy and anus. Meagan looked at her and she had never seen her girlfriend so sexually drained. She had fingered herself during the threesome fuck but she had not yet got off. Naomi saw her frantically frigging herself so she rolled over and put her mouth on the redhead's pussy. Naomi loved to eat pussy especially Meagan's and she loved to make Meagan cum in her mouth. Meagan welcomed her girlfriend's mouth on her pussy even though so wasn't sure how the guys would react. The girls had no idea what these two guys had been through in the past. 

Naomi picked up her pace as she licked and sucked the firm swollen clit while her fingers entered her pussy and located and stroked her G-spot. She next shoved a moistened finger into the redhead's ass. Meagan climaxed as her body bowed up and her pussy slammed against Naomi's mouth. She sucked her girlfriend's clit and ran her finger around inside the sweet sex. Naomi felt Meagan's pussy and asshole clamp down on her fingers as she screamed out her passion. Suddenly Naomi felt that familiar gush of juice against her lips and she quickly moved her mouth down a little to let it squirt into her mouth. Naomi popped her finger out of Meagan's ass causing her to squirt again.

"Oh, yes make me cum. Make me cum. I'm so hot. Please!" Meagan cried out as her entire body lifted off the bed and collapsed.

"Nice show girls," Rick quipped.

"I'll say," Tom added.

The next 30 minutes or so Rick and Tom discussed their lifestyle in college. They shared some stories with them but they were careful with which ones as they did not want to shock the girls entirely. Rick and Tom did not talk about their bi-sexual encounters either. The girls were all ears and hot talk had aroused them again and they were ready to fuck and suck some more. 

The foursome started out in a daisy chain like position where Rick ate Meagan pussy as Meagan sucked Tom's cock. Tom ate Naomi's pussy as she sucked Rick's cock. They stayed like this until they were ready to pair off. Naomi wanted Rick to fuck her doggy style so she got on all fours with her head on the bed and her ass pointed in the air. He slipped his cock into her hot pussy and began to fuck her from behind.

Meagan decided that she too wanted to be fucked doggy style, so she and Tom assumed a similar position. The two women were side by side on their knees with their faces turned toward each other on the bed. They reached out and held hands as the two cocks pounded their pussies from behind. Tom massaged Meagan's shapely ass as he fucked her pussy and let his finger trail over her anus tickling it at the same time. She had a sensitive ass but she had never been butt fucked. Only her own finger and Naomi's finger had ever penetrated her nether hole.

Rick already had a finger in Naomi's rectum and she seemed to like it as he rubbed his cock through her thin membrane. She was groaning softly with the double penetration and his finger felt almost as thick as Tom's cock. She wondered if he would try to put that monster in her ass or would she let him. She could feel another orgasm building in her loins as he slid his huge cock in and out of her pussy. She reached for her clit and pinched it slightly as she climaxed again. Her body shook with her orgasm and she felt him hold onto her hips so that she didn't pull off of his cock.

Naomi shot her juice all over her fingers as she stroked her pussy. Her ass felt fuller as she thought that he must have added another thick finger to her bum. She then realized that he was holding her hips with both hands and it had to be his cock in her ass. What Naomi didn't realize at the time was that Rick had just pushed the head in past her sphincter but he still had a ways to go before his cock filled her ass.

Tom had inserted one of his fingers in Meagan's ass and she seemed to be okay with it as he fucked her pussy thoroughly. She too had reached for her clit as his ample cock filled her pussy. He moved his finger around in her rectum and she could feel his finger and cock rub together through the thin membrane separating her passages. She could never do what Naomi did having two cocks in her pussy and ass at the same time. However the finger felt good along with the cock in her quim.

Rick continued to press his cock deeper into Naomi's ass and she surprised herself with her ability to take it. He was gentle he fed her a little at a time and then stopped to allow her to adjust to his girth. He was patient as it took quite a while before he was able to really start fucking her ass. Her body was tense and she found herself holding her breath. Rick whispered to her and told her to breathe and relax. Then she felt his cock begin to saw in and out of her tight ass. She relaxed and let herself breathe then her fingers dug into her own pussy and diddled her clit. She had never felt so full in her life but there was no pain just a bloated full feeling.

Meagan was experiencing yet another orgasm as Tom's cock pounded her pussy from behind and her fingers danced all over her pussy and clit. She tensed briefly and then thrust her hips with the intensity of her orgasm. Just as Rick had done to Naomi, Tom did to Meagan. He seized the moment of her orgasms and slipped his cock into her ass. She felt an increased pressure in her rectum as she was climaxing but she couldn't stop her body from thrashing about. As she did, she further impaled herself on the cock. She couldn't believe that his cock had made its way into her virgin ass. Whatever pain there might have been passed quickly and she felt the fullness and bloatiness that one usually feels when their ass is fucked. He was stroking his cock all the way in and out of her hot ass now and she just relaxed and let her butt be fucked. She was thankful that his cock was slender and not thick like Rick's.

Meagan looked at her girlfriend and called to her, "Naomi he is fucking me in the ass. He is fucking my virgin asshole. I am no longer an anal virgin."

Naomi held her girlfriend's hand tighter and replied to her, "Oh Meagan Rick is fucking my ass too. He has his entire big cock in my ass. God it feels so good."

Meagan tried to imagine Rick's cock in her girlfriend's ass and thought that Naomi would never be the same. Tom's cock in her ass was more than she ever thought would be there and she couldn't fathom what Rick's cock would feel like and she had no plans to find out. The guys continued to bang at the two beautiful asses and the girls fingered their pussies and rubbed their clits as they all drove toward another orgasm.

Tom shot his load into Meagan's ass and for the first time in her life she felt a man cum in her ass. She liked the feeling of his warm seed filling her rectum. It was a feeling that was hard to describe but one that she would look forward to again. Rick stiffened and pushed his cock all the way into Naomi's ass as he blasted another good sized load into her. She was rubbing her clit frantically and she too came as she felt the hot spunk fill her rectum once again.

The four of them uncoupled and lay down in the bed. Naomi and Meagan lay between Rick and Tom. It was apparent that the guys now intended to spend the night. Rick and Tom were glad that they would be around for some morning sex. The four of them dozed off.

SATURDAY MORNING AT THE HOTEL

Meagan and Naomi were about to be introduced to Rick's morning ritual. He woke up and looked at the two women lying between him and Tom. Meagan was the closest to him and she looked so vulnerable in her naked state. Her red pussy hair glistened in the soft light. He moved her legs apart and slid in between them. He then positioned his big cock at her entrance and slowly filled her cunt with his shaft. She moaned as she stirred and then she looked up and smiled at him. She reached and pulled him toward her as his cock sank all the way in her snatch. He fucked her slowly at first and then picked up the pace. She was moaning and groaning as he fucked her pussy thoroughly. She kept waiting for him to cum and for him to slow down but he was relentless and he just kept fucking her. Meagan orgasmed countless times as her body thrashed about and lifted off the bed. Her pussy was drenched with her own cum and Rick's cock slid easily in and out of her. Finally she screamed with an extreme climax and her body seemed to go limp.

"Rick, please stop, no more. I can't cum anymore. Let me rest, please," she begged. 

Naomi and Tom woke up during the fuck session and they just watched Rick and Meagan as they lay there. Rick pulled his cock from Meagan's pussy and moved over to Naomi. She anxiously spread her legs and welcomed the big cock into her hot pussy. It was a repeat performance with her as he fucked her into orgasmic submission. Tom had moved over to Meagan but she pleaded with him to give her pussy a rest. He rolled her over on her belly and then he played with her ass. He fingered her anus and lubricated it thoroughly. He lifted her by her hips and pulled her ass up to the right height. He slipped his cock into her well-greased hole. She was exhausted and let herself be maneuvered into position for her second ass fucking in the last twelve hours.

Meagan turned her head toward Naomi and she watched her friend get pummeled with Rick's cock just as she had been earlier. She felt Tom's cock sliding in and out of her nether hole and she anticipated his cumming in her ass. Rick fucked the daylights out of Naomi who normally was insatiable herself but this time he would out last her. Naomi's body was rocked with countless orgasms as he pounded away at her pussy. She finally submitted and begged him to let her rest. Tom stiffened and he shot his morning load into Meagan's ass. She felt his cum and the warm liquid seemed soothing to her. She collapsed forward on the bed as the cock slipped out of her ass. Rick, whose bladder seemed ready to burst, got up and went to the bathroom leaving the three others lying exhausted on the bed.

Tom rolled over toward Naomi and held her body close to him. He loved the feel of her rock hard nipples pressing against his chest. He began to stroke her lovely ass and he felt his cock start to harden again. Naomi sensed his renewed desire and she spoke to him.

"Let me rest a little bit longer and then you can fuck my ass again," she whispered to him.

Just then Rick returned from the bathroom and surveyed the three people in bed. Tom and Naomi were embracing but an exhausted and drained Meagan lay face down on the bed with cum oozing from her anus. Rick took the lubricant and applied it liberally to his erect cock. Then he knelt down behind Meagan and lifted her by her hips fixated on her luscious ass. The exhausted Meagan offered no resistance and allowed herself to be placed in the doggy style position.
