 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story and series contains gay, bisexual and straight sex encounters. 

*****

Rick and Tom had been living with Danni for nearly two months and for Rick everything was perfect. He was getting his share of pussy and Danni's mouth and ass were always available when needed. For Tom it was a bit different as he was spending more and more time with Vivian and he wasn't into Danni at all. Still because he was living there for free, he let Danni suck his cock and he would occasionally fuck the pretty gay too. It was a Saturday morning and the three of them were sitting around chatting when Tom broke the news to Rick and Danni.

"I'm going to move in with Vivian. She has been after me for a while now and I decided to do it."

"Wow that is a shocker, what about you Rick? Are you moving out too?"

"No Danni, you're stuck with me for a while longer. I like the arrangement here."

"Well that's good to hear. Tom if things don't work out you can always move back in."

"Thanks Danni, I appreciate that."

"So when's the move?"

"Today Rick, I was wondering if you could help me."

"Sure, when do you want to get started?"

"As soon as we can, I'll call Vivian and tell her I'm moving in this morning."

Rick and Tom finished their coffee and minutes later they were loading up Tom's car with clothing and personal items. They drove over to Vivian's condo and carried everything inside.

"How long do you think you're going to stay at Danni's place?" 

"Well I certainly can't afford anything decent yet and without you to share the cost; I'll be there for a while. Besides, as I said earlier, I like the arrangement."

"Okay, good luck with that and stay in touch."

"I will and I hope we will still stop for drinks after work."

Rick and Tom shook hands and Rick returned to Danni's place. Friday night had been a slow night and Rick had not gotten laid. He was already thinking about fucking Danni that morning when he got back to the condo. As if he had read Rick's mind, Danni was already naked in his bed with his bottom well-greased. Rick entered the condo and Danni called out to him.

"I'm in my room, Rick."

Rick walked in and saw the pretty naked blonde gay lying face down on the bed. Danni pushed up slightly on his knees to raise his ass just a bit. He knew the effect it had on Rick when the shape of his curvy bottom was emphasized. No words were spoken as Rick took off his clothes and then climbed in bed with his gay lover. His cock was rock hard and he eased into the sweet receptive ass. 

He was in no hurry to cum as was Danni. Rick placed his hands on both sides of the lovely body and slowly fucked the shapely ass. Danni pushed his bottom up on each down stroke and relished the feeling of the cockhead hitting his prostate. It seemed that they fucked for hours and then Rick felt that familiar surge.

"I'm going to cum Danni."

"Don't cum in me, cum on me."

Just as Rick felt his load travel through his shaft, he pulled out and shot his wad onto Danni's buttocks and anus. Five forceful streams hit the curvy ass and Danni squealed in delight.

"Oh I feel it. I love it. Now put your cock back in me."

Rick had done this before and he reentered the shapely bottom pushing some semen in at the same time. He did that several times, pulling out, scooping up his seed and reentering Danni's ass.

"Let me turn over and put your cock back in me."

Rick pulled out again and Danni quickly moved to his back. Moving between the shapely legs Rick eased his dick back in Danni's ass. He resumed fucking him slowly as Danni stroked his cock. Rick had gotten used to fucking Danni missionary style as he masturbated. He actually that the gay looked cute jerking off with his eyes closed. Soon Danni ejaculated and fired several forceful ropes. The first stream shot passed Danni's head and landed on the bed sheets. The next round hit him on the face and neck. The next streams landed on his chest and abs before the remainder puddled around his pubes.

Rick eased out and sat back on his haunches looking at the pretty gay covered in his own semen. "That was quite a load Danni."

"You too, I guess we were both turned on this morning. What do you want to do today?"

"Not sure but let's go out for breakfast and we can talk about it."

Where do you want to eat?"

"I like that French coffee shop, Café di Paris."

"You do know it's in the LGBT section of the city."

"Yeah, I'm cool with that. I love the food and outside dining."

"Okay, let's shower and get dressed."

"Danni, dress like Danielle this morning.

"Really, you mean get dressed up?" 

"No, wear shorts and a top but wear your wig and makeup."

"Okay, I like that."

They showered and dressed. When Rick saw Danni he let out a soft whistle. Danni was wearing short tight tan shorts that displayed his shapely legs and hugged his curvy ass. He wore a padded bra with a pink top that looked great with his blonde wig.

"You look great Danni."

"I'm glad you like."

They left the condo and Rick drove over to the French café. They were fortunate to get a table outside and ordered a couple of lattes before they ordered food. Rick always liked to have a latte first before eating and then enjoy a second one with the meal.

MISSY AND ROBIN

They had just ordered breakfast and a second latte when Rick spotted two women he knew approaching the café. All the tables were taken but there were still two extra chairs at their table. Rick whispered to Danni.

"Don't freak out but I know those girls and I'm going invite them to sit with us."

Before Danni could respond Rick called out to them, "Missy, Robin, come join us."

The two women looked in Rick's direction and smiled. "Oh my God, Rick, how are you?" Robin blurted out.

"Good, I'm good. You can sit with us if you like. All the tables are taken."

Missy looked at Danni and smiled, "You must be Danni. You look beautiful, doesn't she Robin?"

"My god Danni, you are prettier than Missy and me."

"You know about me?" a confused Danni replied.

"Just a little, only what Rick shared with us. You are quite lovely though and I can see why Rick likes you."

Rick then explained that he had met the girls several weeks ago and that they had partied one afternoon. Danni looked confused. Missy explained that they were lesbians but at times bi and they took a liking to Rick. The girls ordered lattes and breakfast and the conversation continued. Danni got more comfortable with the two lesbians and soon they were laughing and enjoying the morning together. Robin and Missy excused themselves to use the ladies room and asked Danni to join them. He declined and remained seated with Rick.

Minutes later the girls were back and they posed the big question, "We were discussing it in the bathroom and we wondered if you two would like to party with us today."

Danni blushed but Rick replied immediately, "Absolutely."

"I don't think that I can do this," Danni said nervously.

"Trust us Danni you will have a good time, I promise," Missy told him and Robin concurred, "We will make you feel very good."

Danni looked at Rick who encouraged him, "These girls are very creative. I'm sure that you will be happy."

Somewhat reluctantly Danni agreed. They settled their bill and then headed for the girls apartment. Rick drove everyone sand the girls showed him where to park. They were walking to the apartment and the girls admired Danni's ass. 

"I can see why Rick likes to fuck your ass Danni, it is absolutely gorgeous," Missy said as she grabbed one buttock.

The four of them entered the apartment and everyone except Danni was anxious to get things going. Rick and the two girls disrobed and stood naked in the living room. It was the first time since school that Danni had seen bare pussies. The girls smile at Danni and approached him. He stood frozen to the spot as they undressed him. First the top came off and then the padded bra. Next his sandals and his shorts were slowly lowered down his shapely legs leaving him in just his silk panties.

"You have beautiful legs," Robin said admiring them as she stroked them.

Danni was surprised that his loins tingled and his cock twitched from the caressing of his legs. Missy received for the waistband of the panties and pulled them off of Danni at a painstakingly slow rate. His semi-hard cock popped out and Missy held it in her hand.

"Oh look Robin at what a big clit it is. I just have to suck on it."

Missy then suggested a daisy chain to warm up so that Danni was comfortable with the action. They arranged themselves on the thick shag carpet so that Danni was sucking Rick's cock while Rick ate Robin's pussy. Robin ate Missy's pussy as she sucked on Danni's cock. Missy proved to be a wonderful cock sucker and Danni soon forgot he was being sucked off by a girl. He was focused on Rick's cock and it felt good to have someone sucking his.

Much to his surprise Danni came first and fired round after round into Missy's mouth. She blocked most of the discharge with her tongue and let the semen run out of her mouth. Still she was surprised by the volume and force of the ejaculation. Danni let Rick's cock slip from his mouth as he cried in ecstasy. "Oh god, oh god, that was so good."

"Jesus that guy can cum," Missy sighed.

"Did he cum a lot?" Robin asked.

"It was like drinking from a fire hose."

They all laughed and Danni was getting comfortable with the girls at that point. Rick said that he wanted to make the day special for Danni. Missy then had him get on all fours and suck Rick's cock. Robin ducked underneath and sucked Danni back to hardness. Missy began to lubricate Danni's bottom and then she donned a strap-on dildo. She eased the fake cock in Danni's ass and fucked him slowly. Danni loved this, sucking on a cock with one in his ass while his was being sucked.

The fake cock kept hitting his prostate just as Rick's cock always did. He was beside himself as he enjoyed sucking, getting sucked and getting fucked. It didn't even seem like a fake cock in his ass. Suddenly the fake cock was pulled out and Danni felt a huge void buy not for long. Missy was back with anal beads this time and she pushed them one by one into Danni's ass. Rick smiled as he remembered what it was like the last time and how the beads intensified his ejaculation. 

Danni felt good with his ass full again and he went to town sucking Rick's cock. He felt another surge in his loins and Missy sensed it too. He was just about to cum when Missy pulled the beads out slowly one by one. Each time one cleared his sphincter, his body jerked and he fired another stream in Robin's mouth. Danni had never experienced the anal beads before but he then knew he had to get some. He was done for the time being as it had been his third ejaculation of the day.

He rolled on his back as the girls and Rick got together. Missy mounted Rick's dick and Robin straddled his face. The two girls kissed and fondled their breasts until they both orgasmed. Robin drenched his face and Missy coated his cock with their juices. Missy then wanted it in the ass again and she wanted Rick to cum in her rectum. Robin got under her girlfriend and licked her pussy as Rick slowly fucked the lovely ass. It didn't take long for them to cum and Rick flooded Missy's bottom with a huge load. Some of the semen trickled out into Robin's waiting mouth. It was finally time for a break. 

The four of them were so comfortable with their nudity by then that they sat naked in the living room. Robin served drinks for everyone and they chatted about their sexual experience. Missy posed the question about the riskiest or exciting encounters. 

"Rick what was yours?" she asked.

"It has to go back to when I was in college between my junior and senior tear. I was dating this girl named Susan and we were at a party when I ran into a girl I hadn't seen for three years. She and I worked at a grocery store one summer and we had sex quite often. She was four years older and she did it all including oral and anal. Anyway Linda was now engaged to this wealthy portly guy who was less than impressive. During the party she pulled me aside and told me to meet her outside which I did. Within seconds she was squatting down and fishing my cock and balls out through the fly of my slacks. Sucking on it she had me hard in no time and then she wanted it in her pussy. She stood up, raised her skirt, pulled the panties to the side and guided my cock into her. Linda told me how much she missed my big cock. We fucked until she came and then she sucked me off until I came in her mouth. I mean here we were at a friend's house having sex while our dates were inside. We went back inside separately and Susan was pissed as she had been looking for me. I told her that I needed some fresh air which is why I went outside. I don't think she believed me because the rest of the night she kept glaring at Linda."

"What about you Missy?" Rick asked.

"This is pretty wild. It happened before I met Robin. I went to a Halloween costume party dressed as a guy in a tuxedo. I wore my hair up in a bun and I really looked the part. There were people all ages there and this one woman who was there with her husband kept staring at me. At one point I had to use the bathroom and when I came out the woman was waiting for me. She took me by the hand and pulled me into one of the bedrooms. She whispered to me. 'Do you know what happens to girls who dress like boys? They get fucked in the ass.' Then she pushed me over the side of the bed and pulled my pants and panties down to my knees. She had a double dildo with one end in her pussy and she shoved the other end in my ass. Thankfully she had it well-greased. She fucked me until she orgasmed and then she left the bedroom quickly. I straightened myself up and returned to the party. I wondered why she would have a dildo with her. I learned later that she and the party hostess, also married, had a thing going. So she knew where the sex toys were kept in the house."

"Your turn Danni," Robin urged.

"The riskiest has to be the one time with Rick. We were at the swimming pool at the condo and it started to rain. Everyone left and hurried back to their condos except us. Rick told me to get in the Jacuzzi. We did and we were protected from the rain. The Jacuzzi is in a gazebo like structure enclosed on three sides. We just made it before the skies opened up and it was pouring. Rick sat on the edge of the Jacuzzi and pulled his swimsuit to one side freeing his big cock. He told me to suck it but I was nervous doing it in public. 'No one is around and if anyone comes I'll see them,' he told me. So I sucked his cock until he came in my mouth. Minutes later he had me lean over the edge of the hot tub and he pulled my swim suit down to my knees. He used the suntan lotion to lube my bottom and then he eased his cock into me. It was really raining hard by then and one wouldn't even be able to see inside the gazebo. Rick fucked me and I masturbated until me both came. It was so exciting to have sex outdoors in a public place."

"I like that. I guess it's my turn," Robin said.

"My encounter was before I met Robin. I was shopping in this boutique and an attractive middle aged saleswoman offered to help me. I selected a couple of outfits with her help and I was surprised when she entered the fitting room with me. I stripped down to my bra and panties to try on the outfits. When I put on the halter top the women stopped me and told me to try it on without my bra. I turned my back to her and removed my bra. She tied the top in the back and behind my neck. I looked in the mirror and I could see the lust in her eyes. Unable to contain her emotions she let her hands slide under the top and she held my breasts. She fondled them and tweaked my nipples and I was turned on. Next she untied the top and turned me toward her. Starting with my breasts she kissed her way down my body and then removed my skirt and panties. She had me sit on the small bench in the fitting room and she knelt before me. Lifting my legs onto her shoulders she dove right in and ate my pussy. I came quickly but she went right on eating me and I came a second time. I was surprised when she left the fitting room quickly leaving me there naked. I got dressed and gathered up the outfits and went to check out. I looked for the saleswoman but she was not around. I asked another woman where the saleswoman helping me was and she told me that there was no one else working there. I realized that I had been seduced and had by another customer."

"Wow that is very hot. I have one more but it doesn't involve sex in public," Danni offered.

"My cousin Winnie also a cross dresser was in town. He and I dressed up like girls and we went to dinner with Rick and Tom. It was just like a double date. No one knew that we were guys and the waiters even made a fuss over us. We even went to the ladies room together. The valet parking attendant held the car door for us and stared at our legs as we got in. Winnie and I were so turned on that we had to have Tom and Rick fuck us as soon as we got home. We didn't even undress at first and we just knelt on the floor with our miniskirts pushed up and our panties down around our knees. Rick drilled my ass and Tom took Winnie. It was an exciting night."

"That is hot. Are you guys up for watching some porn?" Missy asked.

The guys both said sure. Missy popped a DVD into the player and told them, "This is one of my and Robin's favorite. Watching gets us in the bi mood and thinking about a cock again. We only go bi once or twice a month."

The screen lit up and the title showed on the screen, "Switch Hitting Blondes." It started with a blonde couple who were presumably married arriving at the house of another blonde couple also married. The girls were pretty with nice bodies, medium size natural tits and great asses. The guys looked like surfer types. They were fit and tanned. The early part of the movie showed them catching up on news and then turning in for the night. The one couple named Randy and Mandy were shown to the guest room. The other couple Jill and Dave went to their bedroom. 

During the night Mandy was unable to sleep and got up to use the bathroom and take a sleeping pill. Dave heard her and checked to see is she was okay. The next thing they were kissing and Dave steered her into another bedroom. Within minutes they were naked in bed and Dave was lubricating her bottom. With Mandy lying face down on the bed Dave entered her ass with his average size cock. 

Randy woke up and saw that Mandy was missing. He got up to look for her and found her and Dave fucking. He spotted the lube and applied it liberally to his cock. Randy then got behind Dave and eased his cock into the super fine ass. Both actors were well tanned except for the bottoms and pubes. The tan lines really emphasized the shapely asses. The camera panned in and focused on the two cocks drilling the two lovely asses.

Randy was the first to cum and he pulled out and ejaculated on Dave's buns. Then he put his cock back in and fucked Dave a while longer. Finally Dave said he was cumming and Randy backed off as Dave pulled his cock out of Mandy's ass and sprayed her buttocks with his seed. Mandy rolled to her back and begged someone to fuck her pussy. Randy fucked her while Dave returned to his bedroom. Minutes later randy and Mandy were back in their bed.

The next day the couples hung out by the pool wearing skimpy bikinis and Speedos. The guys decided to run out and get some beer and while they were away the girls had some fun. First they took turns eating pussy and then they used strap-on dildos to fuck each other. The guys returned but Dave had to go back out and get something from the store. Randy went out to the pool and saw the girls getting it on. He stripped off his clothes and joined them.
