 I showed everyone where they could hang up their clothes and headed into the Jacuzzi room. As people drifted in, Ann took up a position right next to me. The two of us watched everyone as they came in and reached the same conclusion.

John had no pubic hair at all. Either he had undergone the same treatment I had or he was weird and shaved all the time.

Jody, Mona and Lois, however all had a full complement of cunt hair. Ann looked at me, smiled and said that the hair had to go. I agreed and quickly we decided on a course of action.

Ann was to wield the comb and scissors, taking off the most of the hair. John and I would use the shaving soap and razor the give us a smooth playground for the night.

As the group approached us, Ann and I announced "No pubic hair was allowed in the Jacuzzi." The girls looked at our loins and then at theirs. I could see how intrigued they were by our lack of pubic hair and it didn't take a lot of convincing.

They said O.K., but we had to assure them there wouldn't be any pain involved. Ann and I both told them that, as long as they did as we said without question, there would not be any pain.

Ann took up the scissors and comb and motioned Jody to lie down on the long counter between the sinks. With the scissors, Ann began to remove as much pubic hair as she could.

Meanwhile, I got a washbasin and filled it with hot water. I also got a razor, shaving mug, brush and a washcloth. John, Mona and Lois sat down at the edge of the Jacuzzi to watch.

When Ann finished with Jody, she sent her to me and told Mona to move into place. I had Jody lie on the edge of the Jacuzzi and began to work on her. First, I made sure that her pussy was warm and wet, using plenty of hot water and the washcloth.

After I was satisfied that her pussy hair was ready to shave, I began to lather up the brush. Then, I rubbed shaving soap all over the area. I took pains to make sure that her pubic hair was well lathered.

Meanwhile Jody was getting turned on. Her breathing became ragged. Jody's pussy was wet and ready. I took the razor and began to shave her. To make sure I didn't cut her, I had to manipulate her pussy lips a lot. This was as much fun as it was work. Every minute or two, I'd slip a finger into her pussy to check out how juicy she was getting.

Ann finished with Mona before I had Jody done. I told John there was another razor in the other bathroom. I thought he was going to break a track record getting it. He had Mona lie down on the edge of the Jacuzzi.

After he had made sure that she was wet and slippery, he lathered her up. Then he began to shave her as I had Jody.

Ann had positioned Lois on the counter and was trimming her pussy hair.

I finished with Jody and turned her around so her feet were in the Jacuzzi. Moving between her legs, I splashed water on her pussy to make sure that all the soap was gone.

She began to moan and wriggle her ass as I splashed and rubbed the Jacuzzi's hot water on her. I'm sure that the shave job had really been a turn on, but the hot water and the rubbing just made her hotter.

I couldn't resist. I leaned forward and planted a wet sucking kiss on her pussy lips. I thought that she was going to cum right then so I flicked her clit with my tongue a couple of times and quit. The hotter she got would make it all the more interesting later.

By this time, Ann was through with Lois. Placing her in position, I began to shave off her pussy hair as I had Jody's.

Lois was more turned on by the shaving that Jody had been. She just couldn't hold still. I kept telling her that she was only doing more harm than good with all that moving. By the time I finished, she had cum twice. I told her that she would be lucky if she didn't get a rash with all that moving she did while I was shaving her.

While I was working on Lois, John was having a good time with Mona.

Mona had very thick, high pussy lips like Jody had. Both of them had pussy lips that were large and fleshy. Pussy lips that were begging to be sucked and fucked.

When John finished shaving and rinsing Mona's pussy, he too took the opportunity afforded him. John buried his broad flat tongue in her pussy and she loved every minute of it.

With the shaving done, I thought Ann deserved some attention.

I got out of the Jacuzzi and went over to her. I asked her how she would like a massage. She said that she thought I'd never ask. I don't know if she really knew what I had in mind, but she was in for an experience.

I placed her on her stomach on the massage table and warmed up some scented oil. I told Ann that she had to keep her eyes closed throughout the massage and she agreed.

While the oil was warming, I motioned Lois and Jody over. Holding my finger to my lips, warning them to be quiet, I motioned for them to join me. The three of us were going to give Ann an erotic massage. They nodded yes and we began.

I took a palm full of oil and handed the bottle to Lois. I motioned her to Ann's feet and positioned myself astride Ann's butt.

Lois took some oil and handed the bottle to Jody. Jody took up a position so she could work on Ann's upper back.

I started the action by applying the oil to Ann's lower back and working my way down her butt and legs. As I rubbed, I concentrated on her inner thighs and ass.

I heard a little gasp when Jody began working on Ann's lower legs and her feet. She hadn't expected me to have any help.

Lois started working on Ann's upper back. Ann relaxed and purred like a kitten. After a few minutes of this, I told Ann to roll over. We poured more oil into our palms and started on Ann's front.

Lois worked on her neck and shoulders. Occasionally, she would reach down and rub around Ann's breasts, being careful not to touch her nipples.

Jody was working on Ann's feet. She ran her hands up Ann's legs, rolled around to the inner thighs. Sometimes she brushed Ann's pussy lips. She didn't massage them, just gently brushed them in passing.

I was working on Ann's stomach and the area just above her pubic bone. Once in a while, I would work a little lower and brush her pussy lips. Each time I did, she'd give a little jerk and try to raise her pussy up to my hand. I could tell she was getting hot.

Jody had gotten bored with the project at hand and decided to get in a little action of her own.

She had been brushing my cock as she worked on Ann's thighs. Now, she just reached up and began to stroke it. With oil on her hands, the slippery feeling was indescribable. My cock began to swell and I knew this time that I had to do something about it. 

Since Ann was in position and hot to boot, I moved between her legs, spreading them until her pussy was open wide. Placing the head of my cock at the entrance of her pussy, I eased it home. It felt so good. Her pussy was warm and clung to my massive cock. 

As I stroked in and out, Ann's pussy got a mind of it's own. It started milking my cock, like a warm mouth sucking on it. I hadn't known that she had this talent. It was great.

As Ann's pussy was milking my cock, Lois began to massage Ann's large nipples until they were rock hard. Then she began to suck on them. Ann was in heaven.

After a couple of minutes, I could feel Ann coming. I reached one of my "false cums." Ann looked as if she needed a rest, so I climbed off her.

Jody watched my cock slide out of Ann and licked her lips. I could see what she wanted. I moved in her direction and she dropped to her knees.

Taking my cock in her mouth, she began to suck on it. I looked over at John and Mona. John was just finishing fucking Mona on the ledge around the Jacuzzi.

As he stood up, his cock looked even larger than before. I was beginning to have trepidations about having additional treatments.

Mona headed to the bathroom and Lois moved over the John. Taking his cock in her hand, she started to milk it. It was still hard as a rock.

Lois sat down on the Jacuzzi ledge and pulled his cock to her mouth. After tonguing it for a few minutes, she lay down and spread her legs, beckoning him to fuck her.

John leaned down and inserted the head of his cock between her pussy lips and began to stroke back and forth. Soon, he had the full length inside her and he stopped. When Lois began to make little back and forth movements with her hips, John began to ram his cock in and out.

Meanwhile, Ann had gotten down from the massage table and headed to the bathroom.

Jody noticed that the massage table was vacant and motioned for me to lie down on it. She told me to roll over on my stomach. It was time for her to give me a massage.

Taking a handful of the warm oil, she began working on my feet and legs. She replenished the oil and began working a little higher. As the reached my ass, she began working a finger in an out of my ass hole. The feeling was very erotic.

Suddenly, I felt another pair of hands on my back. Kneading and massaging away all the tension. It felt heavenly. It was Lois.

She and John had finished fucking and she wanted to join in the fun with Jody. Then, they rolled me over and began working on the front.

Lois rubbed oil on my chest and stomach down to the area just above my cock. Jody worked on my feet and legs, occasionally stroking my cock and fondling my balls.

I was lying there with my eyes closed when I felt something brush my lips. Thinking that Ann had returned and was rubbing a nipple on my lips, I opened my mouth.

It was John's cock. I took the crown in my mouth and began to work on it. I rolled it around in my mouth, using my tongue to work on the sensitive area just below the slit. I could feel his cock harden further as I knew mine was.

I had never sucked a cock before and the feeling was different from any I had ever known. His cock had a velvety texture to it. Smooth and spongy, yet hard as well.

Just then, I felt my cock being sucked. Jody was at it again. I could feel the heat in my loins. My balls began to swell and I thought that I was going to cum. Another false alarm, another of my "false cums."

Jody then got into position above me and slid my cock into her juicy pussy. As she began to ride me, John took his cock out of my mouth and moved behind her.

Taking some of the warm oil, he began to massage Jody's ass cheeks and her tight little ring. Then, he inserted a finger in her ass hole and began to lubricate it.

Putting some of the oil on his cock, he placed the crown against her ass hole and pushed.

I heard her give a little grunt as the crown of his cock slipped inside her. Then he was still. He was giving her ass time to get used to that huge cock inside it. Then he pushed again and another inch or so went in.

John continued this way. Pushing a little then stopping to let her get used to it, then pushing some more. Soon, he had a good 10 inches inside of her. I never thought he could get it all in. Then he began to stroke in and out. I could feel the movement of his cock against mine through the thin membrane between her pussy and ass hole.

Faster and faster he pumped. Each time he plunged in, he forced Jody forward on my cock. As he withdrew, he pulled her back down on it.Jody didn't have to move. All the work was being done for her. It was good she didn't. Her eyes were glassy and she was outside herself with passion.

After a few minutes of John plunging in and out, Jody's body began to quiver. Her body was out of control. She experienced orgasm after orgasm until she collapsed on me.

John withdrew his cock from her ass and, with Lois's help, managed to get Jody off me.

I had another of my "false cums," as I suspect John had also. It was nothing to what Jody had.

The three of us carried her over and put her in the Jacuzzi. The warm water would help soothe her ravaged body.

John climbed into the Jacuzzi with her to make sure that she would be all right.

I went into the bathroom to wash up and found Mona and Ann in the shower. Both of them were well lathered up. You could see that they had been helping each other. I decided to join in. Since they were already soaped up, maybe they would share.

Ann opened her eyes and pulled me to her. I got wet and turned off the shower. The two of them decided to make a sandwich with me in the middle.

Ann began soaping my back and rubbing it with those long nails. Mona began working her way down my chest toward my cock. It wasn't long until she had me hard as a rock again. Her steady stroking of my cock and fondling of my balls got me hotter.

Ann asked if I was ready to cum yet. When I replied that I wasn't, she suggested that I fuck Mona. Mona lit up at the suggestion and said, "let's get rinsed off and go fuck in the Jacuzzi."

With a little help from both her and Ann, we finally managed to get rinsed off. Mona's first priority was to keep my cock as hard as she could which she managed admirably. As she helped rinse me off, she continued to stroke it and give it little sucks, teasing me to full hardness.

The three of us headed for the Jacuzzi to join John, Jody and Lois. They were laid back, enjoying the whirlpool action of the water when we climbed in.

I leaned against the side and Mona straddled my legs. Taking my huge cock in her hand, she guided it to the entrance of her pussy. Putting the crown inside, she leaned hard against me. Forcing me tight against the side of the Jacuzzi as she forced my cock inside her.

Her pussy managed to take the full length of my massive cock on the first try. After the fucking that John had given her with his massive cock, it was no wonder. Then, she started a little bouncing up and down action that soon had the desired effect.

I could feel the tension building up in my balls. My cum juice was making it's way to the top.

Mona's head rolled back and I put my mouth on one of her large nipples. Mona didn't have any tits, but she had enormous nipples. They were even larger than Ann's and felt just like a small cock.

As I sucked her nipples, she started to cum. With a few fast strokes, Mona reached orgasm and slid off me.

I told Ann to cum on and climb aboard. I was ready to give her a ride. Ann came over and, putting my cockhead at the entrance, slid my cock inside her warm wet pussy. Then, the two of us began to stroke back and forth.

Within seconds, both of us reached a fantastic orgasm. Every time we fuck it gets better than the last.

Watching Mona and Ann riding my cock made John hard. He pulled little Lois on top of his massive prick and began to fuck her. I wouldn't have thought that so small a girl could take such a large cock.

The warmth of the Jacuzzi water and the erotic fucking they had seen provided all the lubrication they needed. John began pounding his cock into Lois and within a minute or so, both of them were coming. Lois said later that the force of his cum hitting her walls felt like molten lava and it just flowed and flowed.