 My friend Anita and I were out dancing. My husband didn’t come with, because he really doesn’t like to dance and would just sit there and watch us anyways. I feel guilty dancing with other guys in front of him, even though we both know it means nothing and he isn’t bothered by it. But, nevertheless, he didn’t come with us.

We were drinking pretty heavily and were having a great time. Anita is very cute and slightly more petite than I am. There were a lot of guys hitting on us and as well, a few girls. I had always thought Anita was attractive, and we were flirting for fun, but it never occurred to either of us that it might be deeper than just friends having fun.

Anyways, when the dance club closed, we drove back to my house. Anita's car was there, but she was too drunk to drive home. I shouldn’t have been driving either, but... well, we made it home ok. Lesson learned. Anyways, we sat in the living room, all drunk, trying to be quiet. Then I thought, ah hell, I'll go wake him up. It was the weekend, so he can sleep later. I told her I was going to wake him up and she nodded and giggled at me. 

I went into the bedroom and whispered to him. He's a deep sleeper, and he was snoring away. It was in the summer and still hot in the room. All the blankets were off him and he was wearing my favorite boxer-briefs I had gotten him. I decided to wake him up in a more nice way. I crawled onto the bed and slowly pulled down his boxers. Leaning over, I ran my tongue along the length of his cock. He stirred, but was still asleep. But other parts of him were waking up just fine! I kept licking his cock slowly until it was fully hard. Then I took his long hard cock into my mouth. This woke him up. He looked down at me and couldn’t help but laugh a little.

He relaxed and laid back. I had forgotten about Anita, and was very much intent on ravaging him, when I looked to the door and she was there watching me. I was caught red handed and I laughed. She said "you're not going to leave me out there are you?" 

My husband looked up embarrassed, cause he didn’t know she was there. His cock was in my hand fully hard and in plain view for her. He nearly laughed but he didn’t say anything. I thought about it a moment and smiled at her. I figured. Well, I don’t think he would mind, and as drunk as I was, somehow I made it seem logical and right in my head. So I asked her if she would like to share it. Indicating his long thick cock. She nodded her head and slowly moved to the bed.

She hesitated, and then knelt over him. I was already sucking his cock again, and paused to turn it to her. She looked at me one last time as if to say, are you sure? I smiled and nodded. It was kind of strange watching his cock enter her mouth. Drunk as I was, it certainly did turn me on, but it was kind of disturbing at first as well. 

Anyways, I watched her for a minute or two, and then took a turn. We did this for about fifteen minutes, taking turns sucking his cock. Then, during one of my turns, I felt her tongue touch mine. I was swirling my tongue over the head of his cock, in the way I know he likes so much. But she had moved in to help. It sent a spark straight through me and my eyes met hers. We began licking and sucking his cock together as one. Our tongues were sliding over each other’s with his head between our lips. I felt an urge, and decided to kiss her. I was still very drunk though, and his cock was still between us. But our lips managed to meet anyways.

My hand was still around the base of his cock, slowly stroking it up and down and I could feel it tremble. As we were kissing, suddenly he shot his white-hot load. Its steaming droplets sprayed over our faces. I kept stroking his cock to milk it dry as me and Anita kept kissing each other, licking at his come that had washed over our faces. He had said later at some point, that it had been one of the most intense orgasms he had ever had. Even drunk I could tell, just by how intensely his cock was pulsating in my hand.

Anyways, the entire event had me raging and aching. I was incredibly turned on. I sat up and quickly stripped out of my clothes. She watched me a second, then followed suite. Still kneeling, and now completely naked, we were still kneeling over his cock. He watched us as we began to kiss again. This time, more intimately. I could taste his cum on her tongue as it slipped into my wanting mouth to find mine. My hand somehow found her breast and was massaging it. She cupped my face with her hands and licked it clean of my husbands cum. I could feel my pussy about to explode I was so excited by what was occurring.

I hadn’t intended to have her there at all. Once she was there, I hadn’t intended anything but a straight threesome. But now I wanted her so badly. I wanted my husbands cock deep inside me while I tasted her. I didn’t stop to think nor did I care. I knew only what my body wanted at that very moment.

I think she was feeling the same, cause she slowly pushed me onto my back. Her soft hands parted my legs and she lowered her head between them. I gasped at first as her tongue slithered across my aching pussy. Oh my god, it was intensely different than with a man. Not that my hubby is bad at it, contraire. It was simply different, but also in a good way. She had never done this before, nor had I... but instinct was leading us both. My fingers wrapped through her hair, guiding her as her tongue slid and flickered over my wet pussy and clit. 

I looked over to my husband and he was fully erect again. That beautiful cock of his was gleaming in his hand as he watched. I looked at him then down to Anita and nodded. I wanted to see him fuck her. If she didn’t want to go that far, she would let us know. He smiled as if to thank me. The perv! Anyways, she was making it hard to think as her tongue was slipping all over and deeply into me. I watched as he moved behind her. His hands slid over her ass and she parted her legs for him. He slid his giant cock into her from behind and she gasped against my pussy. I shivered with delight.

We had to get our timing down in this position. It was awkward at first. My husband’s thrusts were knocking her off rhythm, but soon it was fluid motion. She would lick in unison with his slow hard thrusts. Her breathing was ragged and interrupted by heavy moans and suddenly her hands clamped tightly around my thighs. She bit my clit tenderly, thank god, as she came. Her body was shuddering and her mouth was pressed against my heated pussy. I was so close! But then she stopped to catch her breath. My husband now directing, moved her to the side to lie on her back and indicated I should do what she was doing to me.

So we switched places. He entered me as I lowered my head. I just took my first taste of her wonderful pussy, sucking it wholly as I exploded in orgasm. My husband knows my body well, and he reached around my waist, using a finger to strum my clit, sending me into multiples. He is so well tuned to my body that he can do this to me pretty much whenever he wants. Anyways! He made me cum about four times consecutively then eased off. He moved over to Anita as I recovered and began licking and sucking at her pussy. She leaned over, pulling him by the cock, guiding it to her mouth. She sucked on his long thick cock as I gave her pussy my all. After several minutes, my husband slid and lay down, twisting me so that suddenly the three of us were in an oral triangle. Now it was he on my pussy. And I was on hers and her on his cock.

We did this for maybe half an hour, or perhaps an hour, until each of us had cum again at least once. We were so wiped out, but god we were in heaven. We laid there in our triangle and all drifted off to sleep. Anyways, that was how my first time went and came about.