 Trevor anxious to start the class so he could start pouring over his student's questionnaires, walked deliberately around the front of the auditorium. The questionnaires always gave him an erection as he discovered this year's virgin, how often she masturbated, and what sexual fantasies she might have. Finding virgins with intact hymens was especially rare but so far he had managed to find at least one every quarter. He would then borrow medical equipment from the anatomy instructor to give the seminar a clear view of the inside of a woman who had never let another man touch her. He used a colonoscopy scope that lit up and gave a great picture that he projected on the large screen. He was always very careful not to penetrate her to leave everything intact for his favorite part of the series "fucking a virgin".

The students began filing into class. He watched as they drifted in saying pleasantly, "Please fill the front seats first, we will be watching a film today". 

He would say this every few minutes or so as the rest of the students sauntered in before the class started. Trevor introduced his TA, Eric, to the class. Eric was one of his returning seminar students and a personal favorite. Eric was a PE major with an exceptionally large cock and a very muscular demeanor. The site of him soaked more than one or two panties Trevor was sure. Eric would be running to the computer lab to print Trevor's seminar extra credit invitations after he read the questionnaires and sorted out the students who would make the cut for the Role Play Erotica seminar over the Understanding & Treasuring your Body ~ a discussion on safe sex and mutual monogamy. He liked to teach the Erotica seminar the weekend before he taught the course on responsible sexuality. It always amused him the adoring looks he got from his mature, responsible, conservative students as he thought of his virgin and teaching in front of her knowing what he did for the remainder of the quarter. Often he would engage in a mutual sexual relationship until she moved out of his class enjoying the taboo indulgence. 

Trevor wondered if anyone noticed his erection as he excitedly panned the room and his students with his gaze.

"Please pass your questionnaires to the center aisle so Eric can collect them." 

He busied himself setting up the film with anticipation. He'd leave Eric in charge of the film so he could spend the next hour and a half separating out the papers. When Eric collected from the last row he quickly walked up taking them into his hands as he left to read them privately in his office. 

Trevor's office was around the corner a few doors down from the auditorium. It was a small office without a window but he had it well lit. Sometimes he liked to lock the door when he had students in his office so he could have some privacy. He liked to tell his colleagues that his subject matter was sensitive and when a student had a question he wanted them to feel safe and at ease. He didn't share that often when girls that attended his seminar came into his office they were looking for more than answers to Human Sexuality topics. He put in a comfortable sofa and had his bottom file filled with adult toys he liked to take out and explore with these girls who, before they attended the seminar, had never heard of or even seen some of the adult products that were designed to vibrate and massage their G spots. 

Trevor walked around and set the papers down in front of him then did the initial sort. Some of his favorite questions: 

Why are you attending a course on Human Sexuality? What do you hope to learn from taking the class?

What kind of birth control do you currently use? What is your current knowledge of STDs and safe sex practices?

How many sexual partners have you had since you've become sexually active? 

Describe your sexual experiences and your attitude towards your own sexuality.

How do you feel about masturbation? How often do you masturbate?

Please describe any fantasies and fetishes you would like to explore in more depth with the class. 

Have you ever watched a movie that excited you so much you became noticeably aroused? Please describe what the characters in the movie where doing that excited you.

Trevor always did the initial sort on how many sexual partners his students had. He really didn't care about the question unless the answer was N/A or none. He was happy to see he had several students both male and female that had never had sex with anyone. This year he had 5 students. 

Their answers:

Kara Johnson:

I am taking Human Sexuality to understand the historical aspects of human sexuality from a multicultural perspective. I would like to understand my own sexual anatomy better and to explore other sexual lifestyles in a safe environment. I don't fully understand STDs and the different types of contraceptive choices available. 

I've been fearful to have sex with anyone because of the social stigmas behind having an STD and I don't want to catch anything. I'm taking birth control pills currently because my doctor recommended them for some menstruation issues I have.

I haven't had any sexual experiences yet but I'm hoping after taking this class I will have a better understanding of sex and to feel comfortable exploring my own sexuality and finally getting away from my parents domineering religious crap. 

Masturbation has always confused me. I've wanted to touch myself many times but when I talked to my mother about masturbation she invited a priest over to talk about the spiritual ramifications of touching yourself before you're married and I've always felt guilty for wanting to touch myself. I haven't masturbated other than to feel how wet I get when I get excited about something and sometimes it does feel good to rub my clitoris when I know no one is watching.

I have had a fantasy after watching a movie. I was at a friend's house whose parents watch Showtime and HBO. I liked watching Gladiator with Russell Crowe but Spartacus "Blood and Sand" & "Gods of the Arena" really excited me. One scene had a Patrician come to the Ludas wanting to have sex with a virgin and he put his hands into two naked beautiful girls (slaves) to see which one was tighter and then had a gladiator take her virginity roughly while he watched. Next, he violated her from behind at the same time. I'm not sure why I was so excited by the idea of losing my virginity to a gladiator while some rich perverted man also had sex with me in the ass but it does excite me. It's probably a good thing I can't lose my virginity that way because it would probably hurt but seeing it in the movie really turned me on.

Trevor nearly fell out of his chair. He stood up to go lock his office door and sat down to read the paragraph over and over knowing he was going to offer her what she was fantasying about and that he would be the one to drive it home in her ass for the first time if she let him. Eric would be the perfect gladiator he was built like a brick shithouse with a cock that was larger than most and he looked like a gladiator it was perfect. Trevor unzipped his slacks and reached his hands in to gently stroke the head of his penis picturing being next to them while Eric roughly pulled her close and inserted himself into her breaking her hymen violently while he watched. Trevor was stroking more passionately now as he took a break to enjoy the story play out in his head. He'd seen this scene. The gladiator drug her down and roughly inserted himself inside her then the Roman demanded she be on top fucking the gladiator so he could shove her down and violate her from behind. The slave was crying and was devastated. He was surprised this excited Kara. He exploded while he visualized how different being turned on by a movie to actually doing this in front of the other students in full costume would be for her. 

He went to the next paper.

Kristy Nelson:

I am attending human sexuality this year to learn more about sex, sexuality, and my body. I would like to explore male/female anatomy and learn more about how a large class explores and interprets this subject together. I would like to hear women that are a larger size talk about how they overcome body issues and how they feel about sex and being naked in front of someone else. I'd like to learn how to be more comfortable with my own body.

I am not sexually active so I don't need birth control. I don't know too much about the different kinds of STDs but I think society spends too much time worrying about them. Many of them are treatable and the permanent ones really are prevalent and not that big a deal. Getting aids wouldn't be an interest. I would like to avoid that. 

I haven't had sex yet. I am a little worried my weight would put someone off and am embarrassed by the idea of a man seeing me naked.

Masturbation embarrasses me. I've been excited by movies and books and have felt drawn to play around afterwards but I've always thought maybe someone would hear me or walk in or that someone would know I've been doing it. I'd rather not do it then have someone judge me for doing it.

I guess my fantasy would be to find a man who loves my size that I feel comfortable getting naked with. I would like to have sex and learn how to feel comfortable. I'd like to hear about how other people masturbate and how they feel about it. I guess I'd like to learn how to relax and enjoy my own sexuality.

I do get turned on by movies. I watched "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" and I loved watching her go from being shy and awkward to being more confident. I also liked "The Mirror has Two Faces". Movies where women overcome issues around weight and men who enjoy them unconditionally excite me. I watch "Drop Dead Diva" and feel I could be more like her and learn how to be comfortable in my own skin. I'm hoping this class will help me with that.

Shawn Trebar:

I am taking this class to learn more about sex. How to find it, how to get a girl to agree to it, and where one goes to seek it out without paying for it. 

I don't care about STDs but I guess learning about them would maybe make my mother feel good that she's helping me pay for college. I'll probably bring that up next time I see her.

I've not got laid yet but I'm hoping this class might help me change all that. Maybe a horny student will latch onto me and want to help me get rid of my virginity. 

I masturbate all the time and love porn. I read stories online. I like amateur porn that looks unrehearsed without all the dumb music and fake looking porn stars. I like the younger girls with the older guys or the stepdaughter does the stepfather. Taboo topics turn me on.

Trevor enjoyed reading this one. This kid was in for a good time his first time out. He had a feeling he'd being seeing him again as a returning student for other seminars. 

Jane Brooks:

I am taking this course to learn more about responsible sex and safe practices. I want to learn more about our bodies and how to keep them healthy. I'd like to see how other people interact and discuss sexuality as a group.

I've never had sex because God intended for me to be pure for my husband. I'm saving myself for my husband. He will be the only man to ever touch me. 

Masturbation is wrong and this questionnaire is almost inappropriate for a college course. 

Trevor quickly dropped this one in the Safe Sex Seminar pile. This student didn't interest him. She was uptight and he felt sorry for her future husband but knew he'd probably be as uptight as her. Erotica Role-play was not for her.

Jim Baker:

I'm taking this course because I think learning how other people handle sexuality and topics around sex and sexual behavior will help me with my seminary courses and it's important I learn other peoples thoughts and values so that I can be the best pastor I can be for my congregation when I finish school.

Trevor stopped reading and moved him into the rejected pile. Someone dedicating their life to bringing people closer to God didn't need a two day hands on practicum in Erotic Role Playing. This guy would enjoy the guest speakers from local religious groups. He set his 3 virgins in the Erotica pile and set aside the other two. 

Trevor enjoyed reading and separating the more experienced students. Nikki Johnson was maybe one of his favorites. 

Nikki Johnson:

I'm taking this class with an old friend. We wanted to learn more about Human Sexuality together and thought a group class would be an interesting place to talk about sex and our bodies. 

I've had surgery so I can't get pregnant. I would like to learn about the different kinds of STDs. I've been lucky about not catching anything and would like to continue so I do ask about a man's history with STDs but I enjoy having sex without any latex or barriers so I am I guess higher risk. 

I've had sex with around 30 different people give or take a few. Most of those were with people I was dating. 

My sexual experiences? I guess I like boring sex the best. I like the man on the top. I like things to be gentle and to feel a man's weight on me when we are having sex. I like my nipples to be nibbled on and pinched. I like to be kissed and talked to when a man is having sex with me. I really like having sex with my friend who's taking this class, Edward. 

Masturbation is something I do every day if I can't have sex. I'm a very sexual person. Edward actually bought and mailed me a vibrating rabbit to play with for when he was off on a job or not around. He's called me and listened while I used it while I listened to him touching himself. He's introduced me to erotic fiction online after he got me to write him some erotic stories based on a character he developed. Some of my best relationships were with people who weren't uptight about masturbating in front of me. If one person has an orgasm before the other one sometimes it's fun to finish off with the other person in the room watching.

Fetishes and fantasies, I like reading rape stories, step parents with their step kids, I have kind of a perverted sister my family adopted and I wouldn't mind fooling around with her and watching Edward fuck her while I'm fiddling with her clit and pinching her tits. She tried to show me her breasts last time we hung out together then kissed some horny blonde chick right in front of me. I'd really like to have an opportunity to do the wrong thing with her rather than the "Catholic guilt" thing. Fucking my sister would be amazing and watching Edward fuck her in front of me would be a shocking diversion especially if she let me touch and play with her while they fucked in front of me.

I watch Californication, Spartacus, porn, & lots of sexual movies. On Californication I enjoy watching the X-files guy having sex with all these different women while being such a gentleman and a nice guy. His character, although a horn dog, is still likeable and someone I would actually want to fool around with. Spartacus is just straight up violence and porn. I love everything about that show. I liked when he was fucking the blonde bitch whose husband was responsible for putting his wife into slavery and when they took off the masks when they were tricked into fucking each other he went into a murderous rage and started strangling her. I'd have liked it better if they kept fucking while he strangled her to death. I also liked the scenes where the slaves were forced to have sex with people. One in particular was a wife who was honorable and faithful to her husband but she was a slave so was forced to fuck the champion gladiator and she suffered through it then towards the end she got turned on and started enjoying having sex with him. 

Trevor poured over each answer from his students especially interested in the Twins, Teva and Deborah, unfortunately Deborah's answers really did put her in the other seminar but Teva's interested him enough not to separate the girls. 

Teva Baker:

I am taking your class because I have no idea what a Human Sexuality course will be like and am curious about how an instructor approaches the topic.

I am taking birth controls pills. I've never had an STD but do practice safe sex with men I'm not planning on having a relationship with.

I've been with a few men and women. Probably around 20ish combined. 

I think masturbation is wonderful. You're in complete control of your body and how you manipulate your hands and toys. I often masturbate while reading erotica, watching cable, watching boyfriends on the internet touching themselves. I love it.

My biggest fantasy is to have sex with my sister. I know she's never been interested in having sex with me because it's "incestuous" but we are identical twins. I want to kiss her, I want to suck and bite her tits, I want to use toys to excite her. I'd love to put on a strap on with a vibrating dildo and fuck her. I'd love to have sex with her and someone else. 

I did watch a movie on Netflix called "Dairy of a Nymphomaniac" which I watched a few times. I liked watching her with the black man in the Jacuzzi tub. When he went in to fuck her with a bottle it shocked me. She wasn't in the mood but did it anyway because he liked to fuck her with it. I liked watching her in the Jacuzzi tub while she leaned completely back exposing her breasts as he pumped into her.

Her sister's answers were very different. She'd only been with a few people. Deborah was much more conservative then her sister. She might be a problem in his seminar. He really wanted to keep them together because they were gorgeous and had great figures. He was starting to see them maybe with an older man playing the role of their step father or a black student which seemed to excite Teva.

Trevor sorted the papers into two piles then walked over to his PC to type out the names for Eric. He grabbed the list off the printer and headed back to the auditorium. Eric would need some time to prepare the seminar invitations. Once printed with the student's names he would call them forward and watch as they walked to the front of the class to grab their extra credit assignments. This gave him the opportunity to look over his innocent student and get to know the other students who would partake in his yearly class orgy. Eric enjoyed this part too as he made the invitations he would check out the girls who he might be able to screw that coming weekend. He was particularly excited about the twins. They had made the Erotica pile. Eric had no idea the Prof. was going to give him a special treat and one of his virgins. 

Eric came back in and handed off the invitations to Trevor. His confident walk, athletic frame, and cheerful disposition were intoxicating. Eric stepped out of the way leaning casually against Trevor's desk with a great view of the students walking to get their invites. The class was almost over.

Trevor began, "I am inviting each of you to attend my extra credit seminar. These seminars can add 20% to your course grade. You are welcome to attend. I have separated you into two different groups based on your answers to my introductory questionnaire. When I call your names please come forward and then you can enjoy the rest of your afternoon."

"Nikki Johnson and Edward Roberts" Nikki and Edward stood up, they were toward the back. They both looked like they were in their late 30s early 40s. Nikki was overweight but walked with the confidence of a thinner younger lady. Both were dressed well. Edward was muscular and attractive. "I'd like to talk to both of you in my office about this weekend's seminar. I'd like your help setting up and help with the first demonstration. You can meet me in about 15 minutes down the hall in room 217."

"Kara Johnson." Kara came forward she was a few rows back. She had a near perfect figure with full perky breasts. Her hair was dark brown almost black and straight. She looked quite a bit like Natalie Portman. An innocence about her that was intoxicating. He would be watching her walk away fantasizing about Eric fucking her while he pushed her forward violating her virgin ass from behind. He wasn't disappointed. Her firm heart shaped ass looked incredible in jeans. Eric watched her come down the stairs and when she turned to walk away his breath caught in his throat. He remembered her name being on the good list. Even if he didn't get the opportunity to fuck her he would enjoy watching as someone else did.
