 Ethan was crossing the diagonal on the Quad, between two large buildings of classrooms, and didn't notice her. He had his head down, reading the last part of the chapter he would be tested on, and nearly jumped when she spoke to him.

"Excuse me. You're Ethan McCullen, aren't you?" she said.

He stopped and backed up a step.

"Yes."

"I'm Melinda Dolinski. Maybe you remember me?"

"Sure," he said, although he wasn't really sure.

She looked hot, though. He wouldn't mind remembering her.

She smiled. "Good. This is a rather delicate situation, but I couldn't help noticing the other day when I was over ..."

"Yeah?"

"Well, you see ... " She laughed and looked away. "I don't know how to say this. You, um ... have the biggest penis I've ever seen."

"Thanks," he said.

"I'm sure you're aware of the survey my sisters and I are conducting?"

"I remember."

Her face flushed. She looked uncomfortably warm. But he watched her closely. Was it all a part of her act?

"You see, I was hoping that you ... that you might share it with us."

"You want me to drop my pants so you can see what I've got?" he said.

She blushed an even deeper red.

"Something like that."

"Uh huh. And what do I get out of this?"

"Well, you get the honor of being known as the man with the biggest penis on campus."

"Is that all?"

Melinda looked around and lowered her voice.

"You know, there are certain girls on this campus who are only interest in men who are ... well endowed."

"Well endowed?"

She nodded. "The bigger, the better."

"And that's what the Hung Jury is all about?"

"We're looking for men who are more than eight inches in length."

"Does Rick fit that requirement?"

Melinda smiled.

"Rick is right at eight inches." Her expression changed and she touched his arm. "But I'm sure no man on campus can compete with what you have. The girls of Theta Chi Epsilon would be very interested in meeting you."

Ethan shook his head. "I'm afraid I can't do that."

Melinda's grin fell. "What do you mean you can't do that? I'm offering you the chance to have sex with more than twenty girls."

"I don't need you to hook me up with twenty girls," he said.

Melinda moved closer. Her thigh rubbed against his.

"Then how about just me? Think how it would feel," she said.

She slipped her hand down along the inside of his leg, rubbing his erection through his jeans. Her voice became a breathy whisper.

"You're so big. And I'm so tight. You can't stand it, can you? You wanna put it right here."

She rubbed her warm crotch on his hard lump.

"And look at my lips. Wouldn't they look so good around your cock? I can blow you all night. And I'll lick up your cum and make you cum inside me again."

"What about Rick?"

She shrugged.

"What about him? He doesn't have to know. But think about it. You can do it with twenty other girls, all at once or one at a time, whatever you like."

Ethan shook his head. "I'm afraid I can't do that," he said.

Melinda looked astounded. Her mouth hung open. Her hand lingered between his legs, rubbing the lump that hung down the leg of his jeans like she didn't want to let it go.

"Sorry," Ethan said with a shrug. He stepped back.

"How? How can you say no? Any guy would jump at the chance to fuck twenty girls. Don't you even want to fuck me?" Melinda said.

Ethan shook his head again. "I can't do that."

"Why not?"

"I don't agree with the rules of your sorority."

Melinda's eyes narrowed.

"You mean Tanya and Michelle, right? They're just a couple of stupid bimbos. They screwed up and got kicked out. They deserved it."

"No, they really didn't" Ethan said, and walked away.

*  *  *  *

He finally found a place to park the GTO, but it was three blocks from the dorm building, on the other side of the Quad. He shut the car off and let out a sigh. His backpack, with his notebook and textbooks, was on the seat next to him. He reached for it and paused. He also had a huge hard on in the leg of his jeans.

Already, he regretted turning Melinda down. He chewed his lower lip. She had one hot looking ass. He rubbed the ridge of his erection and shivered. He would have loved to get his hands on her ass, and stuff his cock into her tight hole.

She was hot for him, there was no doubt of that. How could he turn her down? And the whole thing about the twenty sorority girls. What if she wasn't making that part up? How could he be so stupid to pass up a chance like that?

Rick was making macaroni and cheese when Ethan got back to the dorm room.

"Hey, dude, I owe you one," Rick said.

"What for?"

"Melinda, dude. Her and me got it on good last night. She was so hot, I couldn't believe it. She saw your dick and it turned her on. She couldn't get enough. I owe it all to you, dude."

"Oh. Sure. Any time."

"Oh, hey, dude. I got a message for you on my cell phone from that Tanya chick. I guess she didn't have your cell number," Rick said.

He pulled out his cell phone, punched a couple of buttons, and handed it to Ethan. He tossed his backpack on the chair and held the phone to his ear. Tanya's nervous voice made him smile. His cock was still half-erect, and twitched. She could turn him on pretty good, too.

"Thanks," Ethan said, and handed the phone back to Rick.

He opened the door.

"Dude. Where you going?" Rick said.

Ethan paused at the door.

"Looks like I'm gonna get pizza for dinner," he said, and closed the door.

*  *  *  *

Ethan parked the GTO in the lot behind Sylvia's Sub Shop, on the other side of the campus. The parking lot was packed with cars, and he had to put the GTO in the last spot at the back, next to the light post. Inside, the sub shop was packed as well.

At the center of the crowd were Tanya and Michelle. They were with several other attractive young women at a pair of tables set end to end in the center of the dining room. The tables were covered with pepperoni pizzas. At one end of the first table was a sign with the words Fund Raiser, and a picture of a smiling girl in a cheerleader uniform.

The crowd around the table were buying up slices of pizza from the girls. Michelle was collecting money from a man in exchange for two slices of pizza on paper plates. Tanya saw him and waved. He waved back. She nudged Michelle and pointed at him. Michelle looked at her, then in the direction she was pointing, and waved when she saw him. He waved to her, too.

He tried to move around the tables, but couldn't get close. Tanya came out from behind the tables to meet him.

"Hey Ethan. How's it going?" she said.

"Great. You guys look busy."

Michelle laughed and looked back at the tables, where Michelle and the other girls were passing out slices of pizza.

"Yeah. We're having a fund raiser for Erin Wheeler. Did you hear about her? She broke her back in a cheer leading fall yesterday. She's in the hospital and her parents need money to help with the bills."

"I think I'll buy some pizza," Ethan said.

"Did you hear?" Tanya said.

"Hear about what?"

"Me and Michelle, we got kicked out," she said.

"I know. Melinda told me."

Tanya looked away and shook her head. Her face turned black with anger. When she spoke, her teeth were clenched.

"That God damned bitch. She always wants the best for herself."

She turned to Ethan with a disgusted face.

"We're supposed to get points for every guy we find who's longer than eight inches. The bigger his cock, the more points he's worth. You, of course, are worth the most. That bitch kicked us out so she could claim you for herself."

"That won't happen."

"Why not?"

"I turned her down."

Tanya's mouth fell open.

"You did what?"

"I turned her down," Ethan said.

"What'd you do that for? Don't you know all the girls at PKK are waiting to sleep with you?"

"I don't care about that. I turned her down because I don't like what she did to you and Michelle," he said.

"Wow. That is so sweet. Thanks."

"Forget about it. Where are you and Michelle gonna stay now?"

Tanya shrugged.

"We're staying with Michelle's friend, Rod. He's gay. He doesn't mind as long as we don't bother him when he brings a guy home."

Ethan nodded. "That's cool."

"I'm really sorry," Tanya said.

"About what?"

"That you won't get to sleep with all those girls."

Ethan laughed. "Is that a line they tell you at the sorority?"

Tanya looked puzzled. "I don't know. Why?"

"Melinda told me the same thing, like it's every guy's dream to sleep with twenty women."

"You mean it isn't?"

"Not for me. I've slept with a few girls before. Come on. I'm getting hungry. I'm gonna get a couple of pieces of pizza."

Tanya followed him back to the tables, where more people were gathered to buy pizzas. Michelle smiled at him. She was passing four plates of pizza slices to a woman and her four kids.

"Hey Ethan. Thanks for coming," she said.

"No problem," he said, and stuck his hand in his pocket for his money.

"How many?"

"How about two?" he said.

She slapped a couple of slices of pizza on a plate and handed it to him. He gave her a ten dollar bill.

"Thanks. That's so generous," she said.

She stuffed the money in a metal box with all the other money, and turned to the next person to get them some pizza. Ethan stuffed half of a slice of pizza into his mouth. Tanya was still behind him.

"So ... What can I do to help?" he said with his mouth full.

She shrugged. "We got it covered."

He pointed to the other girls behind the tables, working with Michelle.

"Are they the girls in your sorority?" he said. Tanya nodded. "Do they know about you and Michelle?"

"Oh yeah. Melinda had this special meeting at the house yesterday and made her big announcement. We were so humiliated."

She rolled her eyes and shook her head. Then she giggled. Her eyes shifted with a deviousness She leaned closer to him and lowered her voice.

"But we haven't told them," she said.

Her eyes looked around the restaurant. He looked around, too.

"Haven't told them what?" he said.

"The other girls. We haven't told them about you. I mean, we did, but we only told them that we found a guy with a twelve inch cock. They don't actually believe us, and Melinda won't back us up, of course," she said.

"So what are they gonna do?"

Tanya shrugged. "I don't know. They'll probably go ahead with the Hung Jury without us. Come on. You can help pass out pizzas."

The demand for pizza slices lasted about another hour. Ethan helped carry the pizzas to the tables as fast as they could make them. In the kitchen, Sylvia and her sister Julia were shuffling one pizza after another in and out of the ovens.

By nine o'clock, most of the crowd had diminished. People were still coming in to donate money and buy pizza slices, but it was much slower. The kitchen was low on pizza sauce, and Ethan volunteered to run to the store to buy a case of tomato sauce. One of the sorority girls, Heather, went with him.

On the way back from the store, with two cases of tomato sauce in the back seat, he could see that she was nervous about something. She was looking around, and her hands were folded in her lap.

"This is a nice car," she said.

"Thanks."

"I never rode in one like this. It's so old, and so ... loud."

"Yeah. That's the way I built it. Sounds great, doesn't it?" he said, and revved the engine.

Heather jumped, and looked frightened. Ethan's eyebrows arched. He watched her out of the corner of his eye. Was that all it took to scare this poor girl?

"C-Can I ask you a question?" she said.

"Sure."

"Well ... I saw you talking to Michelle and Tanya. Are you, uh, the guy they said they found, the one with the ... I mean, are you the guy with the really big dick?" she said.

Ethan chuckled and shift into fourth gear.

"I guess I am," he said.

Heather's eyes got wide.

"No kidding? Is what Tanya and Michelle told us about you true?"

"Uh ... I don't know. What did they tell you?"

"That your dick is like twelve inches long. They're making that up, aren't they? That's, like, not even possible, is it?" she said.

She glanced down at his lap, as if there was a chance she would see it just sticking out in the open.

"I don't know. They're the ones who measured it," he said.

He downshifted and pulled the GTO into the parking lot behind the sub shop. There were a lot fewer cars, and he parked close to the back door. When he shut the engine off, Heather had a smug look on her face.

"Why don't you let me see it so I can see for myself if it's real?" she said.

"What about the other girls?"

"Why should I care if they see it?"

Ethan folded the driver's seat forward and picked up the cases of tomato sauce.

"Yeah. I'll let you see it. For five bucks," he said.

She looked puzzled. "Five bucks?"

"Yeah. You donate five bucks to the fund raiser and I'll let you see it."

She put her hands on her hips and sneered.

"I already donated twenty bucks. And I still belong to the sorority, unlike Tanya and Michelle. So drop those pants and let me see it," she said.

He stood in front of her with both cases of tomato sauce in his arms and his mouth hanging open. He blinked.

"Oh. Ok. Uh ... Sure," he said.

She held the back door open for him and they went inside. He put the two cases of tomato sauce on the stainless steel counter by the oven. Heather went through the kitchen to the front of the shop, where she started to talk to Tanya. They turned and looked in his direction. Tanya smiled and waved. Ethan waved back, but frowned. What were they saying about him?

"Thanks for the tomato sauce," one of the sisters said.

"Sure. No problem," Ethan said.

She was the younger of the two sisters, the one with the blonde hair. He smiled at her. But was she Sylvia, or was she Julia?

She reached for one of the cases of tomato sauce. Her eyes glanced down and flashed open wide. He tensed. She was looking straight at the front of his jeans.

"Whoa, dude. Is that your dick?" she said.

"What?"

She pointed at the front of his jeans.

"That. What is that?"

He looked down. The light in the kitchen was bright. The bulge hanging down the leg of his jeans was clearly visible.

"Yeah. That would be my dick," he said.

The older sister came over to get the other case of tomato sauce. She paused with one hand on the case and one hand on her hip, looking straight at the bulge as well.

"That is a hell of a dick you got there, if it's for real," she said.

"Uh ... Thanks," Ethan said.

The older sister pointed to herself with her thumb to her chest, between her breasts.

"I'm Sylvia. This is my sister, Julia. You mighta heard. We're both gay. Well, my sister here, she's bi," she said.

Julia smiled at him.

"I like girls, mostly. I just, you know, like to get it on with a guy once in a while, you know, when it's the right guy."

"Hey, Ethan. Would you do us a favor?" Tanya said, and touched his arm.

"Sure. What?"

She glanced back to the dining room, where all the sorority girls had gathered, and were looking in their direction.

"We thought of a way you can help us with the fund raiser," she said.

Julia pointed to the bulge in his jeans.

"You could use that thing to make a lot of money," she said.

"Hey. Do you mind?" Ethan said, and covered the front of his jeans with his hands.

Tanya looked at his bulge. She reached down and rubbed it.

"That's just what we're gonna do," she said, and grinned.

Sylvia let out a short laugh.

"You could use the men's room. Someone who owned this place before us cut a hole in one of the stalls. We covered it up because I don't pretend to know what they used it for," she said, and rolled her eyes.

"A glory hole?" Ethan said.

Tanya looked at him funny.

"Glory hole? What's a glory hole?" she said.

Julia cupped her hand over her ear and whispered something to her. Tanya's eyes got wide and her mouth opened in an O shape.

"It's perfect," she said.

Julia stayed in the kitchen to make pizzas. Sylvia took Tanya and Ethan into the men's room. There were two stalls, a pair of urinals, and a sink. The stalls were divided by a wall. On the dividing wall, behind the toilet paper dispenser, was a patch, covered on the edges with duct tape. Sylvia ripped off the tape and pulled off the plastic patch. Beneath it was a hole through the wall, right at crotch height.

"There it is," Sylvia said, and threw the patch and the tape in the trash.

Tanya was beaming.

"It's perfect," she said.

But Ethan was shaking his head.

"This is ridiculous. I'm not doing this," he said.

Tanya put her hand on his arm.

"Come on, Ethan. There are five girls from our sorority here. They'd love to have a chance to handle your cock. I can make one call and have a dozen more girls down here," she said, and held up her cell phone.

"And how am I supposed to last for all those girls?" he said.

Behind them, Sylvia humphed.

"If you're like most guys I know, you won't last long enough to get your dick through that hole," she said.

"Come on, Ethan. Just do this for us. You can help us make a lot of money for Erin. Then, later, you know, maybe you can come back to Rod's place with me and Michelle and we can, you know, finish what we started?" Tanya said.

He looked into her sweet eyes. She was pleading with him. How could he turn her down? He sighed.

"All right. But I'm not staying here all night," he said.

"Great. I'll go get Heather and send her in," Tanya said, and gave him a kiss on his cheek.

The door squeaked as it swung shut behind them. Ethan let out a breath again. He stood in the stall, staring at the hole in the wall, shaking his head. How did he get himself into this one?

He unfastened his jeans and dropped them to the floor. His long, fat dick stood straight out, pulsing and throbbing, as if it was ready for action, even though it didn't know what kind of action it was going to get.

The hole in the wall was lined with rubber. Someone must have thought that the sharp edges of the metal wall might cause some pain. Ethan nodded. That was smart.

He aimed the head of his cock at the hole. It was throbbing in his hand. He put the head through the hole, but hesitated. This was the men's room. What if a man came in before Heather and wanted to use the stall? He probably wouldn't be the kind to be too happy to see a big, fat cock sticking through the wall.

The door squeaked, and he froze. Someone had come in. Was it Heather, or a guy? Whoever it was knocked on the door of the stall, and he nearly jumped.

"Ethan?" Tanya said.

He let out his breath.

"Yeah?"

"You ready?"

"Yeah. I'm ready," he said.

"Good. I'm gonna send Heather in. I told her she's got three minutes to check you out, then she's gotta come out so I can send the next girl in. They're all outside. They can't wait to come in."

"Ok. Great," Ethan said.

His cock throbbed in his hand, as if it was trying to tell him that it never heard better news.

"Here's the best part. Don't say anything to any of the girls. And I told them not to say anything to you, ok?" Tanya said.

"Yeah. Ok."

"Ok. I'll see you later."

The door squeaked shut. She was gone. Ethan let out his breath. He slipped the end of his cock through the hole. His hands were shaking. This was nuts.

His shaft was about halfway through the hole when it started to get tight. He paused and bent down. Was his cock really that thick? No wonder it made girls scream.

He pushed. It was a tight fit. He pushed again, and rolled his eyes. What the hell was he doing fucking a wall in the men's room?

He pushed again. The rest of his cock slipped through the hole, and his balls pressed against the cold wall. He held it there for a second, then pulled back. The hole pinched, and he winced. It was stuck. He hoped he would be able to get it back out. 
