 Tanya folded the last table and set it off to the side. Gayle and Heather took the table and put it in the back of Sylvia's truck. She wiped her hands on her jeans and looked around the sub shop. All of the girls were helping to clean up, and they all had smiles on their faces. They stopped to talk with each other in low voices.

Tanya reached for the broom and started sweeping. She knew what they were talking about. The feeling was contagious, and she couldn't help smiling herself.

Each girl that came out of the men's room had the same dazzled look on their faces. Tanya's smile became a big grin. She knew exactly what they were thinking. She felt the same thing the first time she saw Ethan's cock. She had heard about guys with cocks that big, and she knew they were out there, but she never thought she would actually see one that big, or that it would make her want it so bad.

Chloe finally came out of the men's room. She had the same dazzled look on her face. Tanya set the broom against a table and went over to meet her.

"Well?" Tanya said.

Chloe's eyes got real big.

"Wow. I mean, like wow. I never knew they made them that big. I can't wait to get myself alone with that beautiful monster of a cock," she said, and rolled her eyes and touched her hand to her chest.

"But ... Aren't you afraid how much it's gonna hurt?"

Chloe put her hands on her hips, and her face became very stern.

"You fucked it, didn't you?"

Tanya shrugged. "Well, yeah. I mean, I had him inside me."

"If you can do it, I can do it. So, how soon until I get to do it with him?" Chloe said, and rubbed her hands together.

Tanya put the broom in Chloe's hands and put her to work. Her attention had turned to the door of the men's room. She frowned. It had been a long time. Why wasn't Ethan coming out? She wiped her hands on her jeans and headed for the men's room.

"Tanya? Is everything ok?" Michelle said.

"I'm just gonna check on Ethan."

She pushed on the men's room door, and it opened with a squeak.

"Ethan? Are you still in here?" she said.

"Yeah. I'm here," he said.

His voice sounded strained. Tanya started to say something, but hesitated.

"Uh ... We're all done, Ethan. You can come out now."

"I, uh ... I can't," he said.

"What do you mean you can't?"

He was quiet for a second, then he cleared his throat.

"I'm stuck."

"You're stuck?"

She opened the door to his stall. He was standing flat against the wall, with both hands holding the top edge, and was glaring at her.

"Are you serious?" she said.

"Of course I'm serious. It won't come out," he said.

Tanya just stared at him, then opened the door to the opposite stall. She blinked. His huge cock stuck through the hole like the trunk of an elephant. She put her hand around it and bent it to the side.

"Oh my God. That's so funny," she said, and giggled.

"It's not funny. It hurts," he said.

Tanya stopped laughing and cleared her throat.

"What, um, what are we gonna do?" she said.

"I don't know," Ethan said. She cringed. The tone of his voice was angry, but she could also hear the pain in it.

"Should I get some grease? Would that help it come out?" she said.

"I don't know. You could try it."

Tanya went to the door of the men's room. It squeaked when she opened it. She called Michelle.

"What's wrong?" Michelle said when she came to the door. Then her eyes narrowed. "Are you taking an extra turn with Ethan?"

Tanya lowered her voice to a whisper.

"No. Don't be silly. Look. His dick is stuck in the hole," she said.

Michelle's mouth dropped open.

"No way," she said.

"Forget about that. Look. Get some oil from the kitchen, will you?"

Michelle ran to the kitchen. Tanya waited at the door until she came back with a bottle of olive oil.

"Thanks. We'll just be a few minutes," Tanya said, and let the door swing shut.

She cracked open the door to Ethan's stall and held up the bottle of olive oil.

"I got the oil," she said.

Ethan nodded, but he just looked annoyed. She nodded. In the next stall, she opened the bottle and drizzled the oil over his shaft where it was stuck in the hole.

"There. How's that?" she said.

The oil ran down the shaft of Ethan's cock. It glistened like it was carved from polished granite. She squeezed her legs together and bit her lower lip. It was so long and so thick, and looked so good. If only she could just ...

"It still won't come out," Ethan said.

Tanya put her hand around his thick, glistening shaft, and pumped slowly.

"Did you cum yet? Did any of the girls make you cum?" she said.

She let out a slow, ragged breath through her mouth. Her heart was pounding. His cock was hot and hard as a rock in her hand.

"No. I haven't cum yet."

"That's your problem. How about if I make you cum?"

She continued to stroke his beautiful cock. He didn't answer. Was that a yes?

She sat on the toilet sideways, facing Ethan's cock where it stuck through the wall. She held it up, stroking it slowly. His heavy breathing echoed off the tiled walls. She wiped a drop of oil off of the fat, swollen head. It was a good thing she liked olive oil.

She licked the head. Her eyebrows went up. She looked at the bottle. That was some good olive oil. She was going to have to find out from Sylvia where she got it.

"Tanya?" Ethan said.

"Yeah?"

"What are you doing?"

"I'm licking your cock. In a minute, I'm gonna suck on it," she said.

"Oh. Ok."

Tanya grinned. She liked this guy. He was so easy going.

She licked the head again. Her hand squeezed the shaft tighter. She stretched her jaw open wide and closed her mouth over the end of his cock. He groaned.

She moaned, too. His cock felt great in her mouth, even though she could only fit the head and the first couple of inches. How cool would it be if she could suck on it all the time?

"Are you sucking my dick?" Ethan said from the other side of the wall.

"Mm hm," Tanya said, with the end of his cock in her mouth.

Ethan groaned. Tanya smiled, as much as she could with his huge cock stretching her mouth so wide, and moved her head back and forth a little faster. She put her other hand around his shaft. It was going to take both hands to control this beast.

The head of his cock jammed into the opening of her throat a few times and made her gag. Was it going to be to difficult to make him cum with her mouth? And what was she going to do if he came in her mouth? Was he going to drown her in a flood of cum? Besides, her pussy was so wet that she probably wouldn't need the extra oil to lube it up.

The head of his cock came out of her mouth with a pop and she gasped. Her saliva had run down her chin to her neck, and wiped it up with her hand.

"Tanya? What's going on?" Ethan said.

She stood up. Her saliva and some of the olive oil had stained the neckline of her shirt. She unsnapped her jeans and pulled down the zipper.

"Nothing. I just decided I'm gonna try something else," she said.

She wiggled out of her tight jeans, pushed them all the way to the floor and pulled one foot out. She placed her feet carefully at the side of the toilet so she wouldn't brush against Ethan's cock and bend it the wrong way. She would never forgive herself if she broke his cock. Hell, the other girls would probably kill her.

She bent way over, with one hand on the back of the toilet. The head of Ethan's cock poked her ass.

"Tanya? What are you doing?" Ethan said.

There was a touch of panic in his voice.

"Hold on. I almost got it," she said.

She reached between her legs for his hot, greasy cock. She rubbed the head on her wet slit and sighed. Her eyes rolled shut. Already, it felt fantastic. It was just too bad she had to be doing it with him this way in a men's room and not in her warm, cozy bed.

She wiggled her hips. The head of his cock felt like it was rooting around between her legs, trying to find her slit on its own. It nestled between the moist, puffy lips of her pussy. She leaned back, and gasped. For an instant, there was a sharp pain of being stretched, like it was splitting her open.

"Tanya? You ok?" Ethan said.

She nodded, with her lower lip between her teeth, but of course, he couldn't see that.

"Yeah. I'm fine," she said.

She squeezed her lips together. Her own voice sounded strained. She hoped he didn't hear it.

She was still, like a statue, with just the head of Ethan's cock in her pussy. She didn't remember it being that big. It hurt a little that day when she was trying to fuck him in his dorm room, but not as much as today. Was it even bigger?

The sharp pain had eased a bit. She rocked herself back and forth juts a couple of inches. Her heart was pounding, and she was breathing hard.

"Come on, Tanya. Do it. Fuck me, please. Fuck me," Ethan said in a weak, choked voice.

Tanya frowned. That poor guy. All he wanted was to get his cock out of that damned hole, and it was her idea to get him to put it in there in the first place. It was up to her to get him out of this mess.

She leaned back, with her teeth clenched. Another inch or two of cock pushed into her pussy. She huffed. How was she ever going to get this done?

She rocked her hips back and forth, and groaned. Her eyes rolled back in her head. God, it felt so good, even with only a few inches of his cock inside her. How good would it feel if she had all of it inside her?

Her hands squeezed the toilet and she pushed herself back. His cock pushed deeper a tiny bit at a time. She groaned. On the other side of the wall, Ethan groaned, too.

Her head drooped. Her hair hung over her face. She was panting and her heart was pounding. Her eyes were on the toilet paper dispenser attached to the opposite wall, but they would not focus. She swallowed. This was going to be harder than she thought. Never before did she feel so filled. How much of his cock did she have inside her, anyway?

She shook her head and took a deep breath. That didn't matter. It didn't matter. All that mattered was that she made him cum, and she had enough of his cock inside her to make that happen. All she had to do now was the fucking.

She rocked herself back and forth to make his cock slide in and out of her pussy. She groaned and her blurry eyes rolled back in her head again. Her legs were shaking. Her arms gave out and she fell forward on her elbows on the toilet seat, with her ass high in the air. It felt so good. How was she going to make him cum before she passed out?

The echo of footsteps on the hard tile floor was like a ringing in her head. Tanya was so focused on rocking her hips back and forth and the incredible feeling of Ethan's fat cock inside her that it didn't register on her until the stall door opened and the bright light shined in her eyes. She turned her head up to see through her straggly hair.

"Tanya? What in God's name do you think you're doing?" Michelle said.

Tanya brushed her hair out of her face. She grinned. Her face burned.

"I, uh ... Ethan's cock is, well ... It's stuck. I'm helping him, you know, get it unstuck," she said.

"With your cunt?" Michelle said with her hands on her hips and a snarl in her voice.

"Don't make her stop," Ethan said from the other side of the stall.

"What?" Michelle said.

"I said don't make her stop. She's fucking me. She's gonna make me cum," he said.

Michelle had a strange, confused look on her face.

"You guys don't need to bullshit me. If you guys wanna fuck, all you gotta do is fuck."

Tanya was still bent over the toilet at a funny angle, with her ass high in the air. She reached back and pointed at Ethan's cock, where one end was stuck through the hole in the wall and the other end was stuck in her pussy.

"What does this look like? Do you think if I wanted to fuck him I'd be doing it like this?"

"Come on, Michelle. Just let her finish so I can get out of here," Ethan said.

Michelle put her hand on the door and pointed at Tanya with her finger.

"Ok. Fine. But when you're done with him, I get a turn," she said, and slammed the stall door.

Tanya was still as a statue again, holding her breath. Michelle's footsteps echoed off the tiled walls, then the door squeaked and Tanya let her breath out.

"Thank God she's gone. We can get back to fucking now," she said.

She readjusted her stance and when she leaned back, Ethan's entire cock slid into her pussy and her ass smacked against the cold metal wall. The head of Ethan's cock bumped up against something deep in her belly. Her eyes bulged and she gasped.

Ethan grunted. His cock throbbed inside her. The pressure of his cum shooting into her pussy made her gasp. It felt like someone stuck a hose inside her and turned it on full blast. Just when the first pulse ended, his cock throbbed again and more of it filled her up, so that her belly felt like it was swelling out.

There was not much room inside her for all of that cum, and it gushed out of her pussy and ran down her legs. And his cock was still pumping more of it into her. Was it ever going to stop?

Ethan groaned again. More of his cum ran down her legs to her ankles and soaked her socks and her jeans where they were bunched around one foot. It kept pumping into her. She was afraid if she pulled his cock out of her pussy it would shoot all over the place. She turned her eyes up to the ceiling. How much cum did this guy have, anyway?

It was only a few more seconds before his flood of sperm and juice slowed to a trickle. Tanya looked back over her shoulder, as if she might be able to see Ethan through the wall. She could hear him breathing. His fingers were still holding the top edge of the wall. And his cock was still in her pussy, deep inside her pussy. She hated to just pull it out, so soon, when she just got it there. If only there was a way she could keep it inside her, or at least get him to put it in her again.

"It's loose. I think it's loose," Ethan said.

His cock moved inside her, rocking her side to side. Tanya grunted. It started to slide out of her pussy and she grabbed the toilet before she was sucked with it through the hole in the wall.

The head came out of her pussy with a pop that reverberated off the walls. In the other stall, Ethan let out a deep groan.

"Oh God. That feels so much better. Thank you so much, Tanya. I was so scared I wasn't gonna get it back," he said.

Tanya slumped over the toilet. Her long, straggly hair hung over her face.

"Sure," she said, but frowned.

She couldn't let it end this way. She couldn't just fuck him once and let him get away. Hell, it wasn't even a proper fuck. It was only half a fuck. Who fucks a guy through a hole in a toilet stall, anyway?

She straightened up and put her foot back into her jeans. His cum was still running out of her pussy and she was sore between her legs. It was that good kind of sore. She took a beating with that huge cock, and it was the kind of sore that hurt so good.

Her frown curled up into a grin. No, she couldn't let it end there. She had to see the Hung Jury all the way through to the end. And in the process she would figure out a way to get him to fuck the hell out of her two or three more times.

"Ethan? Are you all right?" she said.

Her legs wouldn't close all the way. Her crotch and her thighs were sticky with cum. She hobbled the few steps from her stall to the door of the next stall.

"Ethan?" she said, and pushed the door open.

He was sitting on the toilet seat, holding his penis with one hand. It wasn't as hard as a few minutes earlier, but it was still long and thick and purplish. Around the base was a painful looking red ring. He just looked at her with his blank eyes.

"Oh, you poor thing," she said.

She bent down to try to help him, but he held up his hand.

"No. Not now. Just don't touch it. Not right now," he said.

Tanya looked up into his beautiful brown eyes. Her heart was breaking. He was sweating. She reached up and touched his cheek with her hand.

"You shouldn't be alone tonight, baby. Why don't you come home with me and Michelle? Let us take care of you," she said.

He was quiet for a moment, gazing back into her eyes. Then he nodded.

"Yeah. Ok. I'm starving," he said.

Tanya smiled and let her eyes flash at him a few times. She was going to give this gorgeous hunk the best kind of tender loving care he had ever seen.