 The steering wheel felt warm to the touch under my palms. I leaned my face towards it, resting my chin on the top as I stared at the apartment in front of me. In a small suburban complex with life teeming at every corner, the apartment looked unassuming and safe, but the visual appeal couldn't stop my pounding heart. I twisted my neck down to glance at the phone in the center console and recalled the last message I had sent.

"I'll be there in twenty!" I had typed, adding a smiley emoticon to express my excitement. At the time, I had been excited. Really excited. Now, sitting in front of their apartment, my excitement changed to anticipation. I didn't have to go through with this. They were sweet people. They'd understand if I got cold feet. I shook my head. I couldn't ditch now. I'd already driven to their doorstep. The least I could do was try.

Sitting back from the wheel, I switched off the radio that droned in the background and flicked off the air conditioning. I turned the key in the ignition and pulled it out. Grabbing the door handle, I stepped out of my car without a second thought.

When I knocked on the door, I didn't have to wait long before footsteps echoed behind the wooden barrier. I wiped my sweaty palms on the stiff cotton of my dress, hoping I could hide my nerves. The door swung open without hesitation, and my gaze connected with a bespectacled pair of eyes. A wide grin broke out on the stranger's face.

"Monica!" he said, stepping away from the door and extending his arm inside to invite me in. "We've been expecting you. Come on in!"

I grinned and stepped past him. "It's nice to finally meet you face to face, Austin," I said.

He clasped his arm around my shoulder, guiding me deeper into the apartment.

"Likewise. Kaitlin's been talking about you nonstop today. You'd swear she thought you were a long lost friend from grade school or something."

"Oh really?" I felt my nerves bubble closer to the surface. "I couldn't stop thinking about you both, either. It was hard not to."

I followed Austin to a large room at the back of the apartment. A plush bed dominated the space, and a slender redheaded woman lay upon it. She sat up at the sound of our entrance and scooted off the edge of the bed before I could finish my examination of the bedroom. She wrapped her arms around me, pulling me into a close hug, as her voice hit my ears.

"You're here!" she said. Her body vibrated against mine as the words left her mouth. I returned the hug, feeling welcome in the arms of a stranger.

"I'm here!" I said with a laugh.

Austin stepped to my side as Kaitlin released the hug. I breathed deep, shifting my gaze between the two. Kaitlin slipped up against his side, and he wrapped his arm around her, securing the embrace.

"So, how does this work?" I asked, a tremor creeping into my voice. Damn my nerves. Austin smiled at the sound.

"Well, everything we talked about over the phone still stands. Nothing is off limits, but we don't have to do anything you don't want to do. This is a huge fantasy for Kaitlin and I, but we want you to feel as much a part of this as we are," he said.

I nodded. That made sense. "But do we just...start?"

Kaitlin giggled, picking up on my nerves. "I know I'm dying to see what's under that dress you're wearing, but we won't rush you," she said. "We figured we could put on a movie or something if you were too nervous to get started right away."

"A movie sounds great," I said, jumping at the chance to get acclimated in their presence. "Something to set the mood, I presume?"

She nodded. 

"We know you're not huge on porn, but Austin took the time to find something that all of us would enjoy," she explained. 

I turned to Austin.

"Putting those film school skills to work, right?" I said, cracking a smile at the thought.

"They come in handy in all forms of film," he said, returning my smile. "Even porn."

I turned towards the bed and walked towards it, kicking off my shoes as I went. 

Sitting on the edge of the bed, I turned towards the couple. 

"Turn it on! I'm intrigued," I said.

With Austin preparing the movie, Kaitlin settled into the bed next to me. Her hair splayed out on the pillow behind her, red tendrils falling down near my own brunette locks. Austin crawled into bed and wormed his way between us, tucking an arm around us both.

I'm not sure how long the film had played before I felt movement next to me. Absorbed in the erotic actors writhing in pleasure on the screen, I almost missed the extra sounds that accommodated it. Turning my head, I saw Kaitlin and Austin locked in a kiss that rivaled that of the actors in the movie. I blushed, never having been so close to such an intimate moment as the one the unfolded before me. I watched as their tongues wrestled, soft moans escaping in the fray. Austin's arm tightened around my shoulder, pulling me closer to the embrace he held with Kaitlin. I turned on my side and cuddled against him as Kaitlin reached her hand to intertwine her fingers with my own. The couple continued to kiss as I watched, the erotic film long forgotten.

Breaking the kiss, Austin turned his head to mine, and I watched his pupils dilate and contract, a fire sparked in their depths. His lips found mine, and my breath hitched at the contact. With my eyes closed, I followed the movements of his tongue. Lost in the moment, my hand left Kaitlin's as I tangled it in his curls. I felt her hand fall to my thigh and tug my dress up and over my hips. Austin broke away to help her peel the dress up and over my head, leaving me half-bare in front of them. My cheeks burned as I watched their eyes rake over me.

Austin braced himself over me, rolling to my vacant side to allow Kaitlin to wiggle closer. With Austin on my left and Kaitlin on my right, I felt them trail their fingers across me, their gentle touches hot against my skin.

"So you've really never been touched by a woman?" Kaitlin asked.

I shivered as her fingers moved up my stomach.

"No. This is completely new territory to me. I've never—" The words died in my mouth as her hand reached my breast. She tugged the cup of my bra down, exposing my right nipple to the cool air of the apartment. It tightened under her gaze, and she pinched it. My back arched off the bed towards her, my eyes following the movement of her fingers.

I felt Austin's fingers dip into my panties, exploring where Kaitlin had not. His fingers approached my center, and I felt liquid pool between my thighs as he made contact. I moaned when he rubbed harder, soaking his fingers in my wetness.

"Kaitlin, she's so wet," he said with a groan, slipping two fingers into my pussy. My thighs tensed at the intrusion, and I braced myself against the pleasure erupting in my lower body. Kaitlin slipped her hand beneath my arched back, unhooking my bra and tugging it from my chest.

"Are we turning you on, Monica?" she asked, dipping her head towards my bare chest. Her breath hit my nipple, causing it to tighten even further. I tried to speak, but when her mouth enclosed around my nipple and Austin's fingers dove deeper, I lost my train of thought. The sensations were overwhelming. I wrapped my arms around them both: one hand tangled in Kaitlin's hair, the other gripping Austin's shoulder. His fingers left my pussy and slipped into his mouth as Kaitlin dragged herself away from my chest to hover over me. Hooking her fingers through my panties, she slid them down my thighs. I raised my hips to allow the removal, blushing beneath the gaze of the clothed couple.

"Kaitlin, you have to taste her," Austin said, holding his fingers in front of her mouth. She sat up, resting her body on my thighs, and sucked Austin's fingers deep into her mouth. His other hand reached forward to unbutton her shirt, revealing a lacy black bra beneath. I watched, trapped beneath her body, as she licked his fingers clean. She helped him tug her shirt off and unhooked her own bra, letting it fall to my lap. My eyes widened as her breasts fell to rest on her body without the confines of a bra, the milky skin beautiful against her fiery hair. She rolled the nipple of her right breast between her fingers as she finished cleaning Austin's fingers. Letting his fingers fall from her mouth, she winked at me before rolling off my body.

"She tastes perfect," she said to Austin. Stepping off the bed, she unbuttoned her jeans and and wiggled them down her hips, a dance for both Austin and I. Her panties followed as her eyes met mine. "I'll have to eat you out later."

To my left, Austin had followed Kaitlin's motions to strip down to nothing. Turning my head, I watched as he held his stiff cock in one hand. With a leisured pace, he stroked it up and down and smiled as I found myself entranced by the motion. I'd always loved to watch a man fondle himself, and it only helped to surge my arousal.

Something pink flashed from the corner of my eye, and Austin caught the projectile in his free hand. Stepping back towards the bed, he dangled the object from his hand as he climbed up next to me. A silk scarf. My right arm was raised above my head, and I turned to watch Kaitlin wrap another pink scarf around my wrist and secure it to the headboard of the bed. I clenched my thighs tight, feeling more liquid drip from my pussy at the thought of being tied down. 

"Relax," Austin said in a quiet voice, his fingers finishing the knot.

With both my arms secured above my head, the couple sat back and watched me. Trailing their hands down my closed thighs, they met in a passionate kiss above me. I wiggled in my bonds. I felt my body burn in desire as I watched the couple engage in a heated French kiss.

As they broke apart, Austin pried my legs apart, allowing Kaitlin to settle between them. Her hair pooled over in front of her, tickling my thighs as she leaned closer, blowing softly on my pussy.

"You don't mind if I have a taste, do you?" she said in a soft tone as her lips approached me. 

Held down by my bonds, I could do nothing but nod, feeling my heart pound erratically against my chest. From the side, Austin watched the exchange. His hand brushed the loose strands of hair away from my forehead. He spoke. "You know we don't have to do anything you don't want to, right? Nothing's required."

Kaitlin's lips hovered at the edge of my pussy, the touch light and soft. I could feel myself dripping. 

"Please," I said, a panicked tone coating the word. I lifted my hips closer, too aroused to consider Austin's proposal. She grinned.

"I'll take care of you," she said. Her tongue slipped out to glide over my pussy. I arched at the first contact, head falling back into the pillow beneath me. Her tongue lapped against me, and each lick brought me higher and higher. My hips writhed as we both moaned from the intimacy, and I felt my surroundings slip away as I surrendered to the feeling.

Too lost in the pleasure, I didn't feel when Austin stretched his hips over me until his warm cock rest against my lips. I opened my eyes to see him kneeling above me, hands resting against the wall as he gazed down at me. I opened my mouth to allow his dick to slide between my lips, the warmth spreading down my throat as I sucked. His dick was hard, but the skin felt soft against my tongue, and I moaned at the feeling of his dick sliding against my tongue as Kaitlin's tongue glided over my clit. He pumped his hips towards my mouth, the rocking motion bringing his dick in and out of my mouth. I sucked hard, causing him to moan. He dropped one hand from the wall and closed it around my cheek, keeping my head still as he fucked my mouth. 

My eyes stayed locked on his until I felt Kaitlin slip her fingers into my pussy to accompany her exploring tongue. I moaned louder around Austin's cock, and my hands clenched into fists in my bonds. I felt my pussy grip her fingers tighter, and the temperature of my body rose higher. Her fingers pushed against the ridged inside of my pussy, and her lips closed around my clit as she sucked it between her teeth. My body jolted at the sensation, and I lost control as her teeth grazed my clit. Widening my lips, Austin's cock dropped from my mouth as I writhed on the bed, cumming on Kaitlin's fingers and tongue. She continued to thrust her fingers against me, allowing me to ride out the orgasm. Austin dropped down next to me to capture my mouth in a searing kiss, quieting the moans that dropped from my lips.

When I came down from my high, the kiss ended. I looked down to see Kaitlin grinning up at me from between my thighs. She licked her lips, removing any last trace of my cum from her mouth.

"That was fucking hot," she said. "See? You do know how to cum."

Austin untied my bonds as she crawled up beside me, wrapping her arm around my waist. I tucked my head against her neck, feeling tired from my release. Austin turned my body to the side, wrapping his chest around my back. I was cuddled between the two, the warmth encapsulating me in comfort.

"How was that?" he asked, running his fingers along my side.

"That was...I don't even know," I said, a giggle slipping out. "I didn't know I could feel that turned on."

Austin and Kaitlin made eye contact above my head. I could feel their grins as they reveled in my comfort.

"If you think that was awesome, wait until he actually fucks you. Then you'll really feel satisfied," Kaitlin said.

I felt Austin's cock twitch against my ass and grinned. I turned my head to the side to catch his gaze from the corner of my eye.

"You didn't cum, did you?" I asked.

He shook his head and gripped my hip. "I wanted to feel your pussy once before I did," he said. He grinded his cock against me.

Kaitlin sat up next to me. She propped a pillow against the headboard and rest against it. She tugged me away from Austin's embrace, pulling me against her. I settled between her legs, resting my back against her. I felt her breasts press hard against me, her nipples rubbing against the soft skin of my shoulders. She tucked her feet around my knees and widened her legs. My legs were trapped between hers, and my body spread open as she pulled her legs back. Her hands slid around my waist, resting against my curves. I felt her head nestle in the open spot to the side of my head, and her body hummed as she spoke.

"Feel her pussy, baby. I want you to tell me how good she feels," she said. Her hands slipped down further to tug my thighs wider. One finger dipped into my pussy, wet again from my exposed position. She brought the finger up to her mouth and moaned as she licked it. My body trembled as Austin drew nearer, his cock hard and pointing away from his torso. He grabbed one of the silk ties and inclined his head towards my hands, raising an eyebrow. I raised my hands toward him, offering my wrists. He grinned as he tied the material tight, enclosing my wrists in a single bond. He raised my tied hands to rest them behind Kaitlin's head. My breasts rose higher at the elevated position, standing proud for both to see.

Austin settled between Kaitlin and I, bringing his cock closer to my pussy. I watched in anticipation as he nudged it against me, slipping the tip into the entrance. Kaitlin's fingers trailed up and down my sides, the touch tickling me.

"Are you ready to take his big, hard cock?" she asked. I panted as the tip slid in and out of my pussy, desperate to feel the length of him inside of me. I tried to wiggle closer, but Kaitlin gripped my thighs and held them back, giggling at the attempt. "I know you mentioned you were a good girl, but you really have a naughty side to you."

Austin grinned at Kaitlin as he joined the teasing.

"You're our naughty girl, aren't you?" he asked. "You want us to play with you until we're satisfied, right?"

I moaned at their words, tugging at Kaitlin's hair behind her neck. She breathed against my neck, peppering small kisses against the exposed skin.

"Answer him," she said in a whisper at my ear.

My gaze zoned in on his cock teasing my entrance, and I felt my body warm.

"Yes," I said, the word quiet as his cock slid an inch deeper.

"Louder," she said. Her fingers traced my stomach and found my nipples, pinching them hard. I gasped at the tender pain.

"Yes!" I said, louder. "Please, fuck me!"

His dick twitched at my words. "Trust me, I can do that," he said.

Kaitlin's fingers released my nippes, circling them with a gentle touch. With her hands on my chest, she settled further into the pillow, using her grasp to pull me harder against her and widening our tangled legs further for Austin. He used the movement to slid his dick deep, reaching a depth Kaitlin's fingers hadn't reached. I moaned as my pussy stretched around his cock, loving how full I felt. I grinded my hips into his, matching his deep thrusts. He gripped my hips as his dick slammed into me, pulsing at each thrust. Kaitlin's fingers continued to play with my nipples, pinching and flicking them when my hips met Austin's. She whispered erotic words in my ear as I watched Austin fuck me. She coaxed Austin to fuck me harder, wanting to feel my body convulse in ecstasy against her. I felt her wet pussy rub against my ass.

At the peak of my orgasm, I felt Austin slip out of me, my pussy contracting at the loss of him. Kaitlin's deft fingers tugged my hair back over my shoulder as Austin tugged at his dick. Cum burst from the head, coating my chest. I moaned as the wet cum slid against my breasts and torso. Kaitlin untangled herself and slid from behind me. Her mouth followed every drop of cum on my body, licking it up with quick strokes of her tongue. As she cleaned my body, I watched Austin recover from behind her. His hands slid across her back and down her ass, widening her legs for him. I felt the moment his hands touched her clit as she moaned against my stomach. He met my gaze and smiled at me as I watched him bring Kaitlin closer to an orgasm. He smacked her ass hard as she bucked against his fingers, her task of cleaning my body long forgotten. Crying out, she fell on top of me, her hips raised in the air for Austin. 

As her orgasm finished, she settled deeper down onto me, and Austin pulled his hand from her pussy. He took each finger deep into his mouth, groaning at the taste of her. With my hands still tied, I brought them down from above my head and wrapped Kaitlin in a hug. Austin tugged at the knot, releasing my trapped wrists and allowing me to relax. Satisfied, he settled next to us and wrapped his arms around us both.

"How was that?" he asked, rubbing his hand along Kaitlin's spine.

I wiggled my hips beneath her, satisfied by the tingle that radiated in my tender pussy.

"Incredible," I said. "Both of you are."

Kaitlin raised her head to smile at me before leaning over and pressing her lips against Austin's. 

"He definitely knows how to fuck a girl into bliss," she said.

Austin removed his arms from around us and rolled off the bed, heading towards a door different than the one we had entered. I heard the sound of running water and assumed he was cleaning himself off. Kaitlin turned onto her back, her body still close enough to rub up against my own. She rested an arm over her eyes before shifting her head to face me.

"Can I ask you something?" she said.

I shrugged an affirmative, unsure of what her question would entail.

"How do you feel about anal?"

I raised an eyebrow. Was she suggesting that we—

"I mean, have you ever done anal with a guy before?" she continued.

I nodded, twisting my body to face her fully. "Yeah, why?"

She glanced over her shoulder at the bathroom door before speaking.

"I know Austin's always wanted to try it, but to be honest, I'm just not ready for it. The sex is great already, and I don't want to ruin it with a bad experience," she said.

I tucked one arm under my head to settle closer.
