 I am a husband that has been married to the same woman whom I love very much for over 25 years. 

However, I like many husbands have this recurring fantasy to watch my wife being fucked by another man and to watch her climax with wild abandonment. There is nothing I can imagine as thrilling than to watch your wife being fucked by another man or men, unless however if that person happens to be a hung, Black or Hispanic. My wife is a very attractive woman 54 yrs young that stands 5'6" with green eyes, frosted blond hair, 36C breasts and nice long legs I have often spoken to my wife regarding my fantasy and the truth is nothing gets me hotter than thinking of Lee's beautiful face and body covered in CUM. Our sex life is good but predictable and unimaginative although she enjoys oral and anal sex and often likes dressing like a Slut/Whore. She is very sexy and absolutely breathtaking when dressed as a depraved slut in her black seamed stockings, sexy garter belt, 5" open toe pumps and heavy whorish makeup. She enjoys having me watch her masturbate with her 9" black dildo but she seems reluctant to live out my fantasy? 

On many occasions, she has posed while I have taken pictures of her dressed as a Slut in her black seamed stockings and heels fucking her pussy and asshole with her large dildo and have even taken several pictures of her licking and sucking my balls while covering her sweet slutty face with loads of CUM. We watch interracial Porn movies together where black men with enormous thick veined cocks fuck and suck beautiful white women cumming in buckets over their face and body and I know she gets HOT and wet thinking about having a large black cock fucking her pussy and asshole. Lee adores oral and anal sex and I always remark to her that she could probably fuck the hell out two or three studs when she is sexually aroused. I have asked her when making love if she might ever be interested in fucking a well hung black stud and in the heat of lust she has openly admitted that she found it to be exciting.. We or I should say me, constantly mention swinging with another man while we are having sex but it is only fantasy talk because it never proceeds to anything and always ends there{with our love making}. 

That is until recently!!

The Internet has really opened my eyes and has given me access to otherwise obscure information like –

Adult Swinging sites, interracial sex stories, stories about men who enjoy watching their wife's engage in sex... An internet site that addresses Alternative life styles and focuses on adult sex for both married and single people. The site contains forums, stories, pictures and contacts for 3-somes, swinging... 

I finally had the nerve to contact a member from my area. I contacted Mel {a 34 yr old large muscled, 6'2" black man who enjoys swinging with married couples} and arranged a meeting between us to discuss the possibility of him joining my wife{Lee} and myself for a "3-some". We met a week later and I brought the pictures of my wife dressed like a Slut and he brought photos of himself with another married couple. In his photos, the couples' wife was sucking this huge black cock that was not only Big but very thick with enormous hanging balls{my wife has a fetish for big hanging Balls}. I asked Mel exactly how large his cock was and he responded rather shyly but proudly about 10'' Long and 4" Thick – Wow! was my only reply. The photos also showed him skewering the wife's asshole and blasting the wife's face and mouth with massive amounts of Cum juice. It covered her face, eyes, hair and dripped from her chin and as I looked at his photos, my dick got instantly hard imagining my wife taking that monster cock in her pussy and asshole. Pre-cum leaked from my erect cock as I thought of Lee on her knee's dressed as a slut in her black seamed stockings adoring Mel's balls and sucking his huge black veined cock with cum dripping from her face and mouth. I told Mel that I was really interested in getting together but didn't know how to get Lee to take the next step and asked for his advice?

Mel suggested I take Lee to a local dance club Friday evening and asked if I could get her to dress Slutty like she dressed in our pictures. 

Friday evening after dinner we smoked a joint and I talked Lee into going to the dance club. She knows I

like for her to dress provocatively so I easily convinced her to wear her short black slit skirt{which exposes the tops of her stockings and garter straps when she crosses her legs or bends over} and a sheer black blouse, which displays a good portion of her large breasts. Before she went to change clothes, we were playfully kissing, hugging and caressing and I took the opportunity to suggest she wear her long black seamed stockings, black garter belt, 5" open toe pumps and of course NO underwear. I was pleasantly surprised when she returned looking incredibly sexy in her Slutty outfit. She seemed to like how lustful she looked because she had carefully applied whorish makeup to complement the way she looked in her heels and seamed stockings. As we were leaving the house, I commented to her jokingly that she looked gorgeous and sexy just like a "Slut-Whore"on the prowl for Cock at which she smiled and replied; 

" I bet you would really enjoy that – Wouldn't you?!". On the way to the club I couldn't help myself from stroking her stockinged thighs and fingering her shaved cunt – she was dripping wet and we almost didn't make it to the club however, I was determined to execute the plan Mel and myself had designed which was to watch/join in her being ravaged by a huge black cock. 

At the club my wife couldn't help by notice several men eyeing her with lusty stares and this added to her excitement. She knows that men love to see women act and dress like wanton sluts and I told her that dressed like she was she could probably fuck whatever man she desired if she wanted to. The combination of drinking, the pot we had smoked, the slutty manner in which she was dressed and the lusty way men stared at her began to effect her libido and excited her in ways she never experienced before. The bar/club was crowded so we sat at the end on the bar, ordered our drinks and decided to dance to a nice slow tune. During our dance as we grinned, I told her how beautiful and slutty she looked and couldn't resist caressing Lee's sexy garter clad thighs. Returning from the dance floor, Lee playfully grabbed my crotch remarking how very erect my cock was? As we returned to our seats at the bar, Lee carelessly allowed her skirt to slide up her legs exposing the tops of her black stockings and garters. I couldn't help from staring at her sexy exposed stocking thighs and my cock was in a constant state of arousal thinking of what the rest of the evening might be like if I could get my wife to take that "next sexual step" – "menage-a-trios" with a hung black stud!

Being an advid voyeur, I found it intensely exciting to think I was going to help Lee expose her exhibitionist side and hopefully bring out her submissive side as well. Lee had taken the first step by dressing like a Slut in public and needed a little coercing to give her the confidence and conviction she required to have her act like a submissive Whore! 

Mel{my black AFF friend} came over to us at the bar and we began a conversation. I told Lee that Mel was a friend of mine from the gym I belong to and I could tell Lee was not only enjoying Mel's company but found him to be sexy and attractive. After a few drinks, Mel asked Lee to dance and I was surprised to see that after a few slow dances, Mel began to grind his cock into Lee's pelvis and her response was instinctive as she passionately rubbed her dripping pussy into his crotch. 

As they danced longer, Mel started massaging Lee's lower back and working his hands down over

her ass. By now I was really getting excited and from the look on my wife's face, Lee was really enjoying it too!!

I watched Mel fondle Lee while they danced and was shocked when she allowed him to raise the back of her skirt exposing the tops of her black seamed stockings. She now began to behave and certainly looked like a Slut in Heat!!

Watching them on the dance floor really excited me and when they returned from the dance floor I could see my wife was also excited as her face was very flush and her erect nipples protruded thru her sheer black blouse. I also couldn't help but notice the enormous protrusion from Mel's pants that looked like he had a fucking bat in his pants. I seized the opportunity; I told Lee that I had to make an important business call and asked if we could return to the room. Then while staring at Lee, I asked Mel if he wanted to join Lee and myself for a drink while I made my business call. Although this announcement somewhat surprised Lee, she didn't object and we left the club for our room. I must admit that me cock was bursting with excitement as I looked at how sexy and unbelievably Slutty she looked strutting in her 5" heels with Mel at her side. With her heels clicking and her legs encased in shiny black seamed stockings, she exuded the epitome of Sex and turned the heads of many men when we left the club. 

As we were about to experience my evening of fantasy, I was thinking of the great sexual encounter we were about to indulge in. I was actually going to witness, participate and take of pictures of Lee being

Ravaged by Mel's enormous black cock. I felt confident Mel could transform Lee's shyness into wild whorish abandonment. He would make my wife his submissive slut and she would revel in her new whorish role. 

Everything was set! The room I had selected had mirrors on the ceiling and walls, I had several Viagra capsules, and Lee was feeling high with sexual excitement. I couldn't stop thinking that this was to be my own personal porn movie with my wife staring as the slutty white bitch who was going to be treated as a submissive whore for a dominant black Satyr possessing an enormous cock with terrific staying power! 

No one was disappointed with the evenings outcome least of all me wife! Well that evening Mel and I made my wife Cum like she was a Wild woman and transformed her into a Slutty nymphomaniac. She must have had 15-20 mind boggling climaxes. 

Once in the room we had a few drinks and I hugged and kissed Lee feverishly while Mel poured the drinks. Although Lee didn't know of our plans, she suspected something so I decided to begin our adventure immediately. As I kissed Lee deeply and caressed her she began to moan sofly while I removed her blouse and skirt. Meanwhile, Mel was busy rubbing his erect cock against her ass while exploring her stockinged thighs and breasts. I told Lee how much I loved her and assured her that Mel and myself would make sure that she would experience more pleasure than she thought was humanly possible. Her face flush with excitement and breathing heavily, Lee looked me directly in the eyes and asked me: 

"Is this what I really wanted – Did I want to watch her fuck a black man"? I answered Lee's question eagerly : "Yes! and reiterated to her that this is and has been my greatest sexual fantasy". 

She understood smiled and licked her sultry lips while moaning louder. I then asked Lee - "Would she find it exciting to suck and lick Mel's huge black uncircumcised cock"? 

And wouldn't she like to taste and lick his large black CUM filled balls?. I told her that although Mel was extremely well hung, he would be gentle and she could allow him to do anything she desired and assured her that Mel and myself were to be her Studs for the evening. Her body began to tremble and she groaned loudly - Oooohhhh ...! Mel had unzipped his pants and released his humongeous cock and in her excitement Lee wrapped her small hand around that large black cock and stroked it until it was hard as steel with bulging veins. She gasped at the size and thickness of Mel's black horse cock and we were both amazed at the amount of pre-cum fluid that oozed from those large black balls. I told her that I wanted a remembrance of this evening and I was going to watch and take photos of her dressed in her slutty black seamed stockings and garter belt sucking Mel's black cock and licking his large hanging balls until he covered her face and hair in Cum. As the evening was to progress, I took pictures of Lee performing many nasty slutty sexual acts with this big black cocked stud. Acts so raunchy that Lee surprised herself and shocked me! – but that's getting ahead of my story... 

. 

After I removed Lee's clothes we laid her on the bed dressed in stockings, garters and heels, I began to lick and suck her beautiful hairless pussy. I teased and sucked her wet clit while she feverishly squirmed and I tongued and fingered her tight asshole. Mel was busy teasing Lee's breasts and nipples while caressing her face with his enormous black cock. Lee's cunt was dripping wet and she moaned loudly as I watched in awe as my wife stretched her mouth to accommodate Mel's large cock with the enormous head. She managed to swallow the head of his thick cock and tried to stuff her mouth and throat with as much of that fat black cock as she could handle{almost 8" of hot thick sweaty black meat} before gagging. I almost came immediately as I watched Lee lick the foreskin of Mel's cock as he slowly fucked her mouth and rubbed his huge cock and balls all over her face. Her saliva dripped from his ebony cock and hung from his big black balls as he rubbed it all over her slutty face. Her forehead, cheecks, nose and lips were dripping wet from Mel's pre-cum jizz. Lee was really getting into sucking this large black cock and her saliva dripped from his cock and balls onto her breats like a water facuet! 

Seeing how wet and excited Lee had become, Mel started treating her like a nasty slut and swore that she would have to Beg for his big black Cock. 

Mel continued to jerk his huge cock while he fed it to Lee slapping her face and lips with that spewing monster and Lee simply moaned with whorish delight and intensified her licking of his big black balls. Her groans got louder and louder and Lee experienced her first organism when he began shouting these obscenities at her At the onset of her first mind shattering climax, Mel continued to call her a cock sucking Whore and really began to jerk that huge black monster. Lee's climax was the most intense I had ever witnessed and must have lasted 30 seconds. Her entire body trembled uncontrollably as she grabbed me by my hair and forced my mouth deeper into her CUM-drenched pussy. She moaned loudly as her ass sphincter tightened around my fingers that were busy fucking her asshole. My wife was really into having this big hunk of Black Cock Fucking her tonsils and Mel had made her cum simply by making her suck him and Fucking her slutty face with his huge cock!"

Mel continued to jerk and Slap my wife's face with his hard ozzing cock and as her orgasm began to subside he made her Beg for his CUM. Lee was now moaning as her face was Fucked... her throat swelling as his thrusts grotesquely stretched her checks and mouth. 

"MMMMMmmmm... MMMMMmmmmm... MMMMMmmmmm. " 

"Slurppppppp... " "Ahhhhhhhhhh..."

Mel was now sweating profusely while jerking his swollen cock furiously and taunted my wife –

"Hey Bitch, tell me how much you love this big black Cock" ... 

"And what my big black balls - You love them too – DON'T You"...

Mel shouted: "Tell me Whore!"... 

Mel was close to cumming and while my wife continued to lick and adore his balls he smeared and drenched her face with his huge oozing black monster while continuing to verbally humiliate her: 

In a very dominant tone, Mel shouted to my submissive wife:

"Lee, - Tell your husband how much you Love black cock – You fucking Whore!"...

"Tell him how much you love for me to Fuck your face"...

"You want me to CUM all over your face Slut?"...

"Is that what the little Ms. Whore wants!" ...

"Beg me you fucking Bitch...!"

"Go on and tell your husband how much you want my CUM! " ... 

With Lee still shaking from her climax she was barely able to answer but grunted like an animal in heat and

mumbled:"Please CUM all over my face"...!

"God, I want your CUM"!.. ..."I want your CUM dripping from my face"... Ohhhhhhhh...

" I want to taste your CUM" ... Aggghhhhhhh ...

"PLEASE eeeee"... 

Just then, Mel jerked his horse cock, gasped, and Exploded like a Volcano!

"Here it Cums - Slut!"...

GUSH... Gush... Gush...gush... gush... gushhhhhh... 

He blasted Lee's entire face and hair with several enormous loads of CUM. 

The first blast hit her forehead with such force that it covered her forehead and splattered into her hair, the next two blasts plastered both her checks and dribbled toward her ears and the last three spurts completely soaked her eyes, nose and mouth. – Mel must have unloaded a quart of slimy CUM and Lee was covered in Mels white spunk with his cum even going into her nostrils and she loved it!

She moaned even louder experiencing her second organism within minutes... 

 

Watching all this action was too much for me, I moaned while grabbing one of Lee's stocking encased legs and rubbed and jerked my swollen cock against her shiny nylons. I yelled:

I'm CUMMing... I'm Cumming.... and furiously jerked my swollen cock until I shot a large load of cum on her black stockings and feet. My CUM landed on her thigh above her garters and spread to her feet encased stockings. 

After I came I massaged my cum into Lee's stockings and resumed tonguing her sensitive clit and asshole. 

Amazingly, Mel never lost his erection after emptying his balls all over my wife's face and made her lick and suck his black cock clean which she did with renewed passion. She rubbed that black monster all over her CUM laced face and sucked and licked it until Mel tore his saliva dripping cock from her CUM hungry mouth. Lee was being transformed into a CUM loving slut and she seemed to love it!

Mel told me to move from between her thighs as he had something big and hard that he knew she was waiting for and he then moved between her CUM stained stockinged legs and spread her thighs high and wide while he massaged her clit with his stallion cock for several moments before ramming all 10" up her soaking wet pussy. Lee was beside herself with a mixture of pain and unadulterated Lust and eventually shouted at Mel to fuck her until her cunt was raw. He fucked her hard for almost an hour stretching her cunt to capacity while pinching and biting her swollen nipples. I took the opportunity to pop my first Viagra while I watched Lee going ballistic and literally screaming in pleasure as wave after wave of orgasm washed over her, 

"I'm cumming. ... I'm Cumming... I'M FUCKING CUMMING"!!... 

" Fuck me all night"!...

" Use me ...!! -- Fuck Me like a WHORE"!!... 

 

"FUCK ME eee... "!!

"Ohhhhhhhhh"... 

"Agggghhhhhh"... 

Lee's orgasms rippled through her body like shock waves and her CUM was so intense that she actually Squirted CUM from her pussy! 

Her climax was so violent that the CUM literally squirted from her engorged pussy as if she was urinating. Mel removed his cock from Lee's pussy as her orgasim began and spanked her clit with that huge black Pole while her pussy squirted 

Gush... Gush... GUSH...

a good five or six times all over Mel's balls and cock. 

With her climax subsiding, Lee turned to me and said in whorish tone:

"Honey, is this what you wanted? Look at your wife, Darling, " she purred. 
