 I can't say for sure when my fantasies first began, but I knew that at the age of 31, they had been a part of my life longer than any real lover I have ever had. I am an attractive woman, slim due to the athletic nature of my job, with real blonde hair, green eyes, and unusually long legs. It had taken me several years of experimenting before I found a man that could keep up with my higher than normal sex drive, as well as satisfy my need for more intense sexual experiences. When I met Jack, I knew I had to spend the rest of my life with him. His sexual appetite was never filled, and our first naughty date ended up with an entire day of sex in more positions than I had even imagined possible. While his charm and handsome face made me want to say hello, the things he did to me made me sure I could never say goodbye. We moved rapidly into threesomes with other women, and then full blown swinging, although Jack never played with the men.

So when Jack finally seemed interested in sex with another man, I could feel myself get wet almost instantly. I had never really told him that I have fantasized about dirty, almost violent sex since I was old enough to be interested in sex. I have no desire for pain, and I don't like to be tied up or anything, but it thrills me to think of having a sex slave begging for me to fulfill every last exhilarating dirty thought I have ever had. 

I went the obvious route and checked Craigslist looking for someone who might fit the bill. Since my boyfriend had never been with a man before, I knew it had to be someone submissive, and very, very willing to do anything we could come up with. So when I found an ad that said the authors dream was to have a dominant couple turn him into a dirty slave, I knew I had found my man. After some necessary emails and texts, I arranged for Greg to come over to the house to begin his new part-time career as the fulfillment of my darkest sexual fantasies. 

Greg was not exactly gay, but he wasn't exactly straight either. He obviously liked girls, by the way he ogled my breasts through the skimpy top I wore when he came over. But I could tell he was as attracted to my lover as I am by the way he melted when Jack turned on his characteristic charm. The moment that Greg fell under our spell completely though was the moment when Jack slipped his jeans down to reveal the erection that I had been helping him with as we waited for Greg to arrive. It was a very solid, and thick, nine inches and the look on Greg's face told me that he was ready for all we had to offer.

My instructions to Greg were to come to the house wearing loose pants, a tank, and nothing else. Like the good little boy he is, Greg complied exactly. I had seen pictures that he had sent over the previous days as we had emailed back and forth, but the blurry camera phone pictures did not do justice to the man who stood in my doorway eyeing Jacks throbbing cock. He was slender, a nice contrast to Jacks muscular body, had dark hair and dark eyes, and skin as soft as a girls. He was by no means feminine, but it was easy to see that the strength I so loved in Jack would not be challenged in any way.

Unbearably eager to step into the role of dominatrix, I reached over and yanked the pants off of Greg's slim hips and onto the floor. I felt him tense a little as I went behind him and pulled his shirt over his head. I wrapped the material quickly but tightly around his wrists, a neat little trick I had learned in college. Still holding his bound hands, I gave him a sharp nudge with my knee, forcing him to kneel as I shut the door behind him.

"Greg, I am very pleased that you followed instructions. Now, I want to see just how good you can be," I said, smiling as I ran my hand across his smooth ass. Suddenly, I slapped his firm butt with my hand, my excitement growing as I watched him jump a little.

"Greg, I want you to show me what a good cock sucker you are. Jack has been waiting for a blow job all day, and I want you to give it to him. Be a good boy and swallow it all down, OK?" I looked over at Jack and motioned him forward. Although he seemed a little reluctant, Jack could tell that I was excited as my nipples hardened into little points under my shirt. Greg obediently opened his mouth as Jack slid his already glistening cock into Greg's mouth. From his emails, I knew that Greg had a thing for sucking cock, and as he began to take Jack into his mouth, I could tell he had a lot of practice. I watched intently as Greg moved his mouth up and down Jacks shaft, surprised that he could take so much in his mouth that his tongue would dart out and flick Jacks balls with each stroke. Greg's eyes were closed as he concentrated on the thick meat in front of him, and I could see Jack quickly reaching the point of no return. Suddenly, Jack grabbed the back of Greg's head and shoved his cock all the way into Greg's mouth. I knew from experience that Jacks first orgasm of the night would be massive, and thick, and from the look in Greg's eyes, he was feeling that cum slide down the back of his throat. Watching the show in front of me had made me so hot and slick, I knew I was going to take advantage of Greg's throbbing erection that was becoming more and more pronounced by the second.

"That's a good boy," I praised my new pet as Jack pulled his already hardening cock from Greg's lips. "Now, I want to watch you walk upstairs and get on my bed. If you lose that hard-on, there will be consequences," I warned. Greg stood and nodded, and I smiled back at Jack, letting him know I was enjoying the show. 

I looked at Jack, and asked a question I already had an answer for, "Are you having fun?"

"This is turning out to be a very interesting evening love, I can't wait to see what's next," he said with that sparkle in his eyes that told me he would be hard and wanting again in minutes.

I laughed, and then turned to follow Greg up the stairs. He had made his way to the bedroom, and was laying on the bed with his round ass in the air, ready to please whoever came in next. Not realizing that I meant to use his rod to satisfy myself, he was unprepared for the swift slap across his ass that came next. "Never assume, you naughty boy. "You'll have to pay for that one," I told him as I reached into the nightstand for one of my many toys. I saw his eyes widen as I removed a large vibrator that was too big to be pleasant, even for me. 

"Please, miss, I don't think I can..." he trailed off as I lay the vibrator down, finding what I had been searching for. Jack had come into the room as well, and I knew he would enjoy watching what came next. Jack loves to watch me with another man, but we have always had the rule that I don't allow another man to come inside me. With other females in the room, this has always meant that the wife or girlfriend finishes the job, so to speak. For Greg however, it meant something much different.

I pulled the vibrator I had been searching for out of the drawer. It was unusually slim, with just a tiny curve on the tip, designed for men. As Greg watched with worried eyes, I dripped a little bit of lube down the sides, turning it. 

"Are you ready for this? Do you want to please me by taking this little rod in your little ass?" I asked.

"Yes, miss, anything you want to do to me. Please, I want to feel that inside me. I'm yours, you may use my body any way you wish to," Greg responded, knowing that was what I wanted to hear. I removed the shirt that was still binding his wrists together, and gave him another sharp slap on his ass. I could see a slight reddening where my hands were beginning to warm his skin.

"Get on your hands and knees, show me where this goes," I ordered. Greg scrambled to comply, looking back for my approval. From the corner of my eye, I saw Jack slowly stroking his cock, which had already become impossibly thick. I swirled the tip of the vibrator against Gregs quivering hole, knowing that he had only ever taken small cocks in his tight ass. He tensed, and I responded by slapping his swinging balls. 

"Relax, you dirty boy, by the end of the night, you'll thank me for starting you off with something this small," I chuckled as I forced the first inch into his puckered hole. After the initial invasion of my buzzing toy, Greg began to relax, and I was able to insert most of the vibrators eight inches, leaving just enough to allow me to retrieve it later. The curved tip had found its intended target, and I could tell that Greg was becoming more excited by the feel of the buzzing pressure against his most sensitive spot.

"Now, get on your back. I plan to fuck you, and you had better please me," I said, pushing him onto the mattress. I have always preferred being on top, being able to control the pace and rhythm to ensure my orgasm comes quickly. That being said, when I am as turned on as I was right then, I come hard and quick. 

I reached back into the nightstand and retrieved a pair of real police handcuffs. I quckly cuffed Greg's hands, and secured them to the hook at the head of my bed for just that purpose. Again, not sure how I would proceed, Greg tensed and pulled against the hook. "Baby, that thing is anchored in the wall, and you won't go anywhere until I tell you to," I laughed. Greg seemed calmed by my statement, and I could see in his eyes that his submission was becoming more complete.

I straddled Greg, and my wet pussy easily slid down his straining rod. Knowing what would happen, I deliberately leaned back a little, knowing it would press his balls against the buzzing toy still embedded deep in his ass. Greg reacted as though he had been hit by lightning. He arched his hips against me, striking that spot inside me that Jack always reached but I worried Greg's smaller cock would be unable to touch. Almost instantly, I knew I needed to cum. I quickly climbed off, and then looked at Jack. No matter how many times I have tried, I never get a better orgasm than I do when Jack is at full mast, buried inside me deep. He grabbed me with his expert hands, flipped me on my back at the edge of the bed, the bulging head of his cock slamming against the spot I needed filled. I gasped, shuddering at the release that I had been waiting for so long. After closing my eyes for a minute, I could feel Jack's cock pulsing inside me, demanding my attention. This was Jack's night, and I felt bad that he hadn't had more action.

"Okay baby," I cooed, "time to fuck that ass waiting for you over there!"

Jack again gave me a slightly worried glance, but from the way his cock throbbed as he slowly pulled out of me, I knew that he was OK with the plan. I freed Greg's hands from the cuffs, knowing that he would want to grab on to something as Jack penetrated him. Even after several years together, my pussy could barely stretch to contain Jack's cock when it was as thick as it was right now. Greg reached back and slowly removed my toy, handing it back to me. I could see in his eyes that he had been enjoying that curved tip, and he was reluctant to stop the delicate pressure. 

Knowing that Jack had summoned the courage to finally fuck Greg, I couldn't wait much longer to see it happen. My state of arousal had been dimmed only slightly by the quivering orgasm I'd had just a few minutes before, and so I did what I had imagined Jack would want- I motioned for Greg to get off the bed, then grabbed his hips and bent him over the bed, just the way Jack had fucked me countless times before. With my hand still on Gregs head, I used my foot to nudge his feet wide apart, then ran my hand across Gregs ass. Smiling, I lifted my head to look at Jack, just inches away from me, and whispered, "Honey, I have something here that you've always wanted."

Lowering his head to kiss me, Jack ran one hand down my spine over my ass, and I felt the other settle next to mine on Greg's ass. Although I wasn't the one about to take Jack's huge cock in my ass, I felt like a nervous virgin as I smiled and stepped back. Not wanting to miss any part of the experience, I quickly climbed on the bed and settled myself in front of Gregs head, leaning back against the pillows so I could comfortably watch the scene in front of me. I know Jack loves to watch me watch him, so I wanted to make sure he could see my enjoyment. I reached over to the nightstand and grabbed the bottle of lube still sitting there from earlier, and passed it to Jack. Jack took the bottle, and then dribbled some of the clear liquid down the crack of Greg's ass, smiling his sexy grin as Greg jumped. I could tell Greg was nervous, but the anticipation was killing me. 

"C'mon, Jack, fuck him, please?" I whined from my place in front of Greg. Jack must have been as eager as I was, because he grabbed Greg's ass, spreading his cheeks to expose that tight little hole. Jack lifted his heavy cock, and guided the head of it to Greg's puckered cavity. Jack pushed the head of his cock against Greg's sphincter and began to slowly push. Greg squirmed and moaned beneath him, but Jack continued his steady pressure. Greg began to moan with pleasure even as he gripped the sheets, trying at once to escape and take more of Jack's throbbing cock at the same time. With a low growl, Jack grabbed Greg's hips and slammed against him, filling Greg in an instant with his hard member. Greg's eyes flew open, and his chest lifted from the sheets. Amazingly, I could see that Greg's cock had hardened and was now pushing against his belly. Looking up at Jack, I felt my pussy moisten as I took in the look of bliss on his face, head thrown back, eyes close. This was exactly what I wanted to see, I realized, Jack's pleasure was causing my pussy to start undulating as if his cock was inside me. 

A little bead of sweat formed on Jack's brow, and I knew it was killing him to stay still. I was about to tell him to fuck Greg for all he was worth when Greg took the words right out of my mouth, moaning "Ooooh, that feels so good, please, fuck my ass. I want to feel you cum."

Jack snapped into action, pressing Greg's hips against the bed as he thrust hard. Something about feeling a man below him gave Jack permission to pound him more furiously than he had ever taken me, and the bed shook with the force of Jacks thrusts. Greg began biting his lip, and I could tell he was taking far more pleasure from this than my little toy had been able to provide. The whole scene had me so hot and wet that I found my hand slipping between my legs to finger my clit as Jack slammed into Greg again and again. I rapidly felt my orgasm approaching and decided to take advantage of Greg's nearby mouth. I scooted forward until my pussy was pressed against Greg's parted lips, then grabbed his hair and pulled his face into my moist folds. "Fuck me with your mouth," I whispered.

Greg took to this new challenge right away, and I could feel his tongue slam into me with each thrust of Jack's hips, and felt my body tighten as the orgasm began running through my body. I pulled back, allowing my supersensitive folds a break from Greg's mouth. I opened my eyes, and saw that Jack too had been effected by my orgasm. With a final deep thrust, Jack buried his cock in Greg's ass and began coming with excited gasps. Jack's orgasm went on for what seemed like hours, and when he finally started to breathe normally, Jack began to slowly pull out. I watched Greg's face fall as the tip of Jack's cock slid from Greg's ass, and saw that Greg's organ was still standing at attention.

Realizing that Greg had yet to cum, I crawled forward on my belly and took the tip of Greg's cock in my mouth. The intensity of the evening's experiences must have left Greg on the edge of orgasm for some time, for as soon as I drew the head of his cock into my mouth, Greg gave a whimper and started to cum in my mouth. Knowing that the feeling would drive him crazy, I sucked hard on Greg's cock as he came, flicking my tongue against the underside of his cock. Greg's whimpers turned to loud groans as his cock grew soft in my mouth. Sliding his cock out of my mouth, I sat up and looked around the room. Jack was lying on the bed, with his hands stacked behind his head and a naughty smile on his face. Greg was sitting on the edge of the bed enjoying the last tremors of his orgasm. I smiled to myself, thinking that this was an experience none of us would soon forget, although hopefully, it would be the first night of many.