 Amelie had no idea that it had leaked. Not until everything started.

She entered the subway carriage and as was her habit on the way home from the lab, ignored the empty seats and took hold of the overhead rail. She liked to stretch her legs, to ride the sway of the train, to loosen her taut muscles after her lunchtime squash match and too much sitting in the afternoon.

As the train pulled away she busied herself with another ritual: looking around at the other passengers. She liked to people watch. She started with the fit young college jock reading his football magazine on the nearest seat - attractive but at least five years too young; the business woman sat opposite him, legs crossed, pummeling her Blackberry; the row of grey suits reading papers; the sixth form girl wearing her uniform as provocatively as she could - shirt unbuttoned to reveal the firm swell of her newly-formed cleavage, skirt a little smaller than it should be and showing three inches of thigh. 

That was when she first felt it - when her eyes passed over that girl's body, lingering on the small waist, the long tapering neck, the pretty brown eyes. Her pulse quickened. Her stomach tightened. A warmth spread between her legs. 

But in truth she was barely aware of these things amid the lurch and judder of the carriage. It was the eyes of the scruffy, bearded builder down the carriage that gave it away. He made no attempt to hide it. He was staring at her chest, drinking in the sight of her breasts. 

She had beautiful breasts, she knew she did. She had breasts that drew glances from men and women alike, that boyfriends had loved and worshipped, dreamed of and photographed. But no one had ever stared at them like this - not in public. It was brazen and rude, unnerving.

She glanced down wondering if her blouse had unbuttoned. It hadn't, but she saw at once what had drawn the builder's attention. Her nipples were swollen, pointing upwards through the thin fabric of her blouse, creating sharp peaks, leaving little to the imagination. And only then, when she saw them, did she realize that the friction of the satin was intensely pleasurable. That her nipples were engorged as she had known them only in the wonderful, unbearable tension of good foreplay, with her lover's fingers creeping between her legs, or his tongue sliding up her thigh. It was the kind of pleasure that made her desperate to brush her hand over her breasts, just to feel her fingers catch on her nipples, to feel that delightful resistance and release.

But more than that, it was the kind of pleasure that made her wet. Hopelessly wet. Wet so that she felt it down the inside of her thigh. So that she just had to clench her thighs and her pussy - to feel that sharp, almost unbearable pang of pleasure. And suddenly the wetness was seeping down the inside of both thighs, edging towards the hem of her summer dress. 

Jesus, if she didn't get hold of this thing it might even show! She pressed her thighs together but that was the worst thing she could do. She got another shock of pleasure, a deeper one this time, one that made her convulse, her breasts quivering so that they rubbed deliciously against that blouse. She felt her cheeks begin to flush and she pressed her eyes closed. She knew what was coming next. 

Oh God, she thought, not here! Not here!

But it was too late. It was already gripping her belly, swelling in her pussy, surging through her body. She glanced about her and caught the builder's eye. He knew, she was sure, and he wasn't going to look away. It was weird, freakish, but something about that was welcome, arousing. For some reason, she held his eyes. Then she clenched the overhead bar and waited for the tsunami to hit her. 

It came as the train swerved around a bend, making her hips jerk and her muscles convulse, making her pant and hang helplessly from the rail, bucking as she rode out the aftershocks of pleasure. She felt the wetness between her legs meet the cool air of the carriage and she knew it must be visible, but she didn't care: she was still cumming, still consumed by her pussy. She even opened her legs a little to feel the coolness ride up inside her dress. She didn't care. 

Perhaps that was why she let herself groan so loudly. Loudly enough to be heard by the whole carriage. The eyes that were not already on her shifted in her direction, taking in her jerking hips, her erect nipples, her blushing, sweaty skin. 

They saw. She knew it, but she didn't care.

It was all she could do to stop herself reaching down and lifting her skirt to slide her fingers into those soaking wet panties. She wanted to reach for the front of her dress and tear it away to expose her quivering breasts, to touch them, to squeeze those bullet-hard nipples. But she didn't. She just gripped the rail and rode out the orgasm, panting and gasping, swinging with the sway of the carriage.

And when she opened her eyes she saw that sure enough, everyone was looking at her. The business woman in some state of outrage; the builder with amused, lustful eyes; the young jock with his mouth open as though he was ready to drool. Her eyes fell to his shorts and saw that they were straining at the front, showing the distinct line of a promisingly large cock down one leg.

To her amazement, even as her orgasm was fading she felt a new surge of desire. She wanted to walk over to that kid, undo his shorts and release that thing. She wanted to hold it. Suck it. Fuck it. 

And that was when she realized what was happening. She looked down into her bag and saw that the stopper was missing from the test tube, that it had fallen to one side, spilling some of the clear contents over the label marked "H.Y.P.A.".

Shit, she thought. She must have breathed in a massive dose. She had wanted to try it - of course she had - but in a tiny dose, and in the safety of her own bedroom, with her boyfriend. This was all wrong. She felt excited and at the same time, frightened - excited that after all their research, this was it - the aphrodisiac to beat all aphrodisiacs - this stuff that would change her life forever. Christ, it would change millions of lives. Frightened, because if the lab experiments were anything to go by, if it affected humans as it did animals, this wasn't going to stop. On a fraction of this dose, the chimps had gone wild. They had fucked anything that moved. 

And now - Jesus - just the thought made her hotter than ever.

She wanted to fuck. She needed to fuck. 

She felt her stomach starting to tighten again, her cheeks begin to flush. She looked around the gawping faces in the carriage, taking in their surprise, their horror, their lust. And then she saw the pretty girl again, her cheeks a little flushed too, those big eyes travelling down over her breasts, her waist, her legs, no doubt seeing the wetness trickling between her knees.

And that was when she decided, if that was what it was - a decision - it felt more like an animal impulse. 

She reached into her bag, grabbed the test tube and tossed it down the carriage. It smashed on the second bounce, spraying clear fluid across the floor and onto shoes, making the business woman cry out and stare at her furiously. But she didn't care, and she knew the woman wouldn't care for long either.

Unsurprisingly it was the young jock who responded first. She heard him grunt quietly and she looked down to see him staring in bewilderment at the front of his shorts. They were up like a tent, straining under the pressure of a massive erection. He glanced up and met her eyes, panting, knowing that she had something to do with this but not understanding. And then, robotically, as though it was beyond his control he reached down and gripped his cock through the fabric. He pressed his eyes closed and groaned loudly, brazenly, so the whole carriage heard, and then he reached for his zipper. As he drew it down his immense cock flipped out, twanging upwards and slapping against his stomach. Then it stood like a throbbing tower.

Amelie gazed down at it and licked her lips. It was beautiful. Long and thick, curving upwards towards his face, its purple, shiny head glistening in the yellow light. She barely hesitated. She knelt down at his side and reached for it, closing her small fingers around the burning shaft, feeling its muscular hardness swelling at her touch.

And that was all the jock needed. The touch of a delicate female hand. 

He threw his head back and cried out and in that instant his cock went into spasm, jerking and leaping in her grasp, sending out spurt after spurt of creamy cum that sprayed first across his chest and neck, then the window behind him and then, as she pulled it forward, across the aisle and onto the business woman's legs and Blackberry and chest. He came and came, thrusting his hips and cumming over himself, over Amelie, over the business woman, watched by the whole carriage. Amelie held on long after the final spurt, feeling the cock still leaping in her hand as the kid kept cumming. His shirt was drenched with cum and sweat and his muscles were tight and clenched so that the veins stood out on his neck and arms. He looked insanely hot, so hot that she wanted to fuck him then and there. But just then a sound made her turn and look behind her.

There she saw the business woman staring at her cum-splashed legs, trailing her fingers through the streak of cum on her wrist. Her chest was heaving, her face flushed. Amelie saw for the first time that beneath the glasses and power suit she was an attractive woman, with an unbelievably small waist, elegant frame and incredible, toned legs. Slowly, those legs uncrossed and then, hesitantly, they drifted apart. The splattered blackberry fell to the floor and the woman's freed hand slid up between the legs, sliding deep into the shadows of her skirt. And then, as that hand began to move there was a groan - a deep but feminine moan - a moan that drew all the lustful eyes in the carriage. She pushed her hips forwards and they began rocking uncontrollably as she pushed her finger into her pussy. Her other hand travelled up to her blouse and pulled at it until the buttons flew off to reveal small but beautiful breasts, the fine skin flushed pink, the brown nipples hard and pointing. She took one between thumb and forefinger and squeezed. Instantly she began to shake and quiver, the hand between her legs moving faster and faster. 

"Oh my God!" she breathed. "Oh... my... God!"

She was bucking with abandon now, panting and writhing, but her eyes were fixed and steady, focused on a point behind Amelie. And Amelie knew what it was. It was her hand, still wrapped around that young cock. She had felt it swelling again and now it was harder than ever - ramrod stiff - pulsating to a quickening rhythm. And even as she became aware of it again, it moved, rising up from the seat. She turned and saw it, thick and proud, bobbing in front of her face. She was just about to lean over and to take it between her lips and suck it, when to her surprise, the jock took the lead. He leaned down and grabbed her around her waist, lifting her to her feet. With irresistible confidence he stepped behind her and pushed between her shoulders, making her bend forwards. She knew what he was going to do and it sent a new thrill through her body. She lowered her shoulders further still and arched her back, presenting him with her beautiful, curvaceous ass - her wet, expectant pussy. She luxuriated in the sensation of her dress riding up over her still-wet thighs. 

"Oh my god... oh my god... OH... MY... GOD!" 

It was the business woman, thrashing her hand between her legs, staring at Amelie's ass, at that gigantic cock, at the jock lifting the dress and guiding his raging erection forward, trying not to come before he was even inside her. And then, as he took a firm hold of her hips, positioning her, as he inched forwards and slid his jerking cock slowly into her pussy, all three of them let out a loud, guttural groan. He thrust forwards, once, twice, three times probing deep inside Amelie's pussy, making her legs tremble and her body shake. Then he came with muscular spasms, spurting, splashing her hot core with yet more cum. And as she felt his leaping muscle, his hot flood inside her, she felt another splash against her legs. The business woman had arched backwards and she too was cumming, squirting a stream of juice over her thighs, her rucked-up skirt, the floor and Amelie's quaking legs. 

It was beautifully, gloriously, gut-wrenchingly hot and Amelie couldn't hold back the tide. She too was coming now, grunting and gasping as she clung onto a pole, feeling her own juices dripping from her pussy, mixed with the young stud's cum. She rode it out, the cock still leaping inside her, the businesswoman's juices dripping down her calf, the eyes of the carriage on her. Instinctively she pulled her blouse wide, ripping off the buttons, letting her breasts swing as she looked with bleary eyes down the carriage.

The sight nearly made her cum all over again. 

The carriage was a writhing mass of motion. Two guys in suits, already streaked with their own cum were pumping their cocks, their eyes on her breasts, and in that moment they spurted for the third or forth time. Another wearing a blazer and jeans was lying back on the bench, a woman's head bobbing over his groin. Seeing Amelie watching he smiled at her and pulled the woman's hair back to reveal the base of his engorged cock, her red lips sliding down as she swallowed the full length of his shaft. Just then his hips began to twitch and as they did so, he pulled at the woman's hair, lifting her slowly off his cock. As it emerged amid a trail of saliva he turned his gaze back to Amelie and held her eyes as he came, his loose cock throbbing, jumping and spurting over his chest. The woman fell back on the floor and thrust her hand down her skirt, grinding her hips and rubbing her pussy until she groaned and convulsed. But she was not looking at the man or at Amelie when she came, she was looking the other way.

Just as Amelie felt the kid's cock swelling inside her again, as she felt his hands back around her ass and his hips begin to thrust deliciously backwards and forwards, she saw what the woman had been looking at. It was the pretty college girl, who was standing now, facing her, her blouse ripped open to reveal unbelievable, voluptuous, firm breasts with pointing nipples, an inconceivably tight little stomach and a tiny waist, all coated with a sexy sheen of sweat. Her white skin was flushed pink across her chest and her elegant little neck was burning red. She was staring direct at Amelie, her dark eyes twinkling in a half smile - a conspiratorial, dirty little smile. 

Behind her, the giant form of the builder was rocking backwards and forwards, his massive hands around her rucked-up skirt. He was thrusting so hard that she was jolting and quivering, her firm breasts jiggling with every stroke of his cock. And she was loving it, pushing back against him, fucking him as much as he was fucking her. But that was not all. She was using one hand to steady herself but the other was sliding slowly up and down the rampant cock of another college kid who had dropped his shorts at her side. He came even as Amelie watched, spraying his spunk first over a woman on the nearby bench, then over the girl's breasts and stomach. The builder watched this with wide eyes and plunged ever more deeply into her, making her squeal and shudder. Even then she shifted her feet wider, opening herself to him, willing him to fuck her harder, deeper. 

Just then a voice sounded out over the intercom.

"The next station will be Watford Junction. Alight here for..."

Amelie felt a wave of disappointment and panic - they would pull into the station at any moment. But she wouldn't stop fucking, the kid was building up to a frenzy now, thrusting into her with long, powerful, beautiful strokes and she could feel her own orgasm building. She couldn't stop even if she wanted to, and after this, she wanted to fuck again and again. 

Her eyes were still on the girl, and the girl's were still on hers. She too was building towards and earth-shattering orgasm, she too had no intention of stopping. She was panting, bucking and all the while smiling that cheeky little smile. Then her pretty eyes travelled away from Amelie, drifting up towards the roof of the carriage. Amelie followed her gaze, bracing herself as the kid fucked her ever harder from behind. 

Then she too smiled that dirty little smile.

She leant over, the cock feeling wonderful as it slid wetly against the side of her pussy. 

Then she reached up, grabbed the emergency cord, and pulled.