 "This is a load of crap." I threw the book on the floor and sat back in the chair with a huff. "Explain to me again why I want to get a degree?"

I could see Tom trying not to laugh, knowing the next thing thrown would be at his head. "Do you need some help?" he offered.

"No, I don't, thank you very much. I hate accounting and no amount of help is going to change that." I stood up and retrieved the book, setting it on the table beside me, leaving it for later. Walking towards the kitchen, I threw over my shoulder, "Do you want something to drink while I'm in here?"

"Nope, I'm good. But if you're done studying, I can think of something to take your mind off of it," he looked at me with a distinct leer in his eyes. Well, it wasn't like I could blame the poor man. I'd been strutting around the house naked all day, but that was his fault, really. He was the one who didn't want me wearing clothes when I was at his house, was it my fault I had other things to do than engage in sex all day?

I decided a little teasing was in order. "Sorry, I've got to run home and get ready for tonight. My cat needs to be fed and I've got to pick up my mail, I've been expecting some things." Walking over to the front door, sashaying my behind for his benefit, I leaned over, giving him an eyeful, and picked up my pile of clothes where I had left them when I came in.

"Woman, you're going to be the death of me." He walked over and stopped me before I could finish getting my shorts on. "I've been waiting patiently for hours, and now you're going to leave?"

"After last night, I'm surprised you have anything left in you," I smirked. We had had some mind-blowing, marathon sex the night before, I was still tired from the lack of sleep. Leaning into him now, I curled my arms around his neck and kissed him primly on the lips. "I'll be back soon and we can take care of business then. Having the guys over was your idea, not mine, remember."

I finished dressing and left him looking forlorn by the door as I hopped in my little car and sped towards home, a little apartment a short distance away. Not wanting to completely give up my independence when our relationship had taken a serious turn, I had refused to move in with Tom, although we spent almost every night together anyway. I still worked three nights a week at the sports bar where he bartended. Whether to keep my eye on him, or not, I wasn't sure. He was so good looking, and women seemed to flock to him. I wanted to make sure they knew he was unavailable. I was taking a full load of courses at the university, hoping to finish up in the next year, now that Tom was helping me pay my way and I didn't have to work as much.

As soon as I got home, I took care of the cat, looked through two days' worth of mail, noticing the clothes I had ordered online hadn't come, and tossed most of it in the recycling bin. There really wasn't that much to do to get ready for tonight, I just wanted to shower and shave, and spend a little time getting myself into the right frame of mind.

The last time all the "guys" had been at Tom's had been the night I had sucked each one off, and each one had fucked me either in the pussy or the ass. By the end of the night, Tom had decided enough was enough and didn't want to share anymore, even though he had orchestrated the entire thing. 

The fact that he had invited them all over tonight told me that he was comfortable enough in our relationship that he didn't mind seeing me with another man. I was pretty sure it turned him on immensely, but I wasn't sure how far I intended to let things go tonight. But worrying about it wouldn't change things, so I decided to just let things play out as they would.

It was funny how the other five guys from that night had taken me under their wing. Brian, the sheriff's deputy, made sure to do drive-by patrols at all hours since my neighborhood wasn't the best. Keith, the banker, had set me up with an IRA account, advising me on how to save my meager salary. The local high school football coach, Jason, stopped by occasionally and did handyman stuff around the house when I needed it. Jeff was a bodybuilder and kept my car in tip-top shape, since he had admitted to loving cars and I had begged for help one day. I had received numerous free tickets to baseball games featuring my favorite team, the Rays, from Tyler, the retired pro baseball player.

They were all sweet guys, and had never breathed a word about that night last summer, just as they had all promised.

With nothing left to do at home, I made the return trip to Tom's, walking in and stripping before I even got to the living room. My breasts swung free, my nipples hardened as the cool air brushed over them, my pussy was smooth and clean. It amazed me how I had changed in the last few months. I had lost most of my inhibitions, and with Tom's gentle coaxing, had learned to enjoy just about any of the games he wanted to play, or toys he wanted to try out on me. It occurred to me that boys never grew up, they liked their games and toys no matter what age they were.

I found Tom sitting out by the pool, sunbathing in the nude. His eyes were closed and I don't think he had heard me come out, so I walked silently up to his side, knelt down and licked his cock from the base to the head as he jumped in surprise. "Ann! God, you scared the shit out of me."

"Who'd you think it was? Your old neighbor?" I grinned, licking him again, letting my lips close around the smooth head and flicking my tongue on his sensitive underside. He groaned, laid back, and said, "Have at me, darling, I'm all yours."

I needed no more encouragement as I turned to straddle him, placing my pussy directly above his face while I took the very tip of his cock in my mouth, bringing it to life. He grabbed my hips and pulled me down on top of him, where his tongue began licking my slit, finding my nub and circling round it, teasing me. I, in turn, teased him, just barely pulling the head between my lips, nibbling on the sides, flicking my tongue back and forth. 

When I pushed myself farther down onto his face, he relented and pressed his tongue hard against my clit and began stroking it, sending shivers rushing through me, despite the warmth of the sun beating down on my body. I reveled in the sensations, his cock in my mouth, his face buried in my pussy, the sun on my upturned ass, the knowledge that anyone walking by on the beach could see us if they looked hard enough. I had discovered that I was quite an exhibitionist.

My mouth traveled down to his scrotum, hairless and waiting to be nuzzled. I leaned farther down and licked his perineum, the area between his balls and ass. He had taught me how much he enjoyed it, and I loved to oblige, his orgasms were so much more intense when I applied pressure to this area. Replacing my tongue with my fingers to continue stroking him there, I moved back up to take his velvety cock into my mouth, sucking gently at first, then increasing the pressure, bobbing my head up and down as I took him in and out. 

He groaned loudly, and while he sucked and licked my clit, two of his fingers were furiously fucking me. A finger from his other hand joined the two in my pussy to spread some of my juices and his saliva back to my tight asshole. Once he was satisfied it was wet enough, he began pushing his finger into me, meeting resistance at first, then as I relaxed, entering me completely. He held that one still and deep, and as I moved back and forth sucking his cock, he finger-fucked my pussy at the same time as he licked my clit, bringing me to a violent orgasm. Feeling me convulse, his control slipped and his own orgasm quickly followed, his cum exploding into my mouth. 

Having learned to like the taste of his cum, I had no problem swallowing it all, then softly sucking on his limp cock still in my mouth. I gently played with it for awhile before finally collapsing, laying sprawled out on top of him. His hands were softly massaging my thighs and we lay like that for what seemed a long time, relaxing and savoring each other.

A slap on my ass had me rolling off of him. "I need a shower, come on in with me." Tom stood and took my hand as we went inside. I showered again with him and we took turns washing each other and copping feels, before drying off and finishing up.

He dressed, I didn't. It wasn't always like this, but sometimes I enjoyed walking around topless or completely nude, and today was one of those days. If it was the weekend and I wasn't working, I sometimes went without clothes for two or three days straight. I hadn't heard Tom complain yet, either. 

"Who's coming tonight?" I asked as I leaned against the kitchen counter snacking on some grapes. 

"Tyler, Jason and Brian. They'll be here soon, the game starts at 7:30." The plan was to watch a college football game on TV, but we both knew what else was on the agenda. 

Within minutes, the doorbell rang and in walked the three friends of Tom & Ann's. Tyler and Brian each carried a 12-pack, Jason had three boxes of pizza with him. Bringing everything into the kitchen, each one of them passed me and leaned in for a kiss. Tyler pinched my ass, making me jump and smack him on the arm, Brian tweaked a nipple, and Jason kissed a breast instead of my lips. 

"Tom, you're a good man to share occasionally, and Ann, you're an even better woman for allowing us to." Tyler said, while he popped his beer can open, draining it almost immediately and reaching for another. At that rate, they were going to run out of beer quickly, I thought.

"Guys, don't get used to this, it won't happen often." Tom and I had discussed this and both wanted to try it again. "Here's the plan, during the game, we're going to each have Ann for a quarter. Anything goes, but at the end of the quarter, you quit, even if you're not ready to." They all laughed and hoped if it happened, it was to one of the others. 

"Agreed?"

"Agreed!" The response was unanimous.

"Okay, let's go determine who gets what quarter." They all left the kitchen, arguing good-naturedly, and I turned my back on them, picking up the mess they had left before I joined them in the living room.

When I walked in, the TV was tuned to the game, the opening kickoff was moments away, and Brian was the obvious winner of the 1st quarter, because he was unzipping his shorts and kicking them off at the same time as he pulled his t-shirt over his head. "Come to Daddy," he beckoned, I laughed and walked over, kneeling in front of him as he pushed down on my shoulders. 

"Let those beautiful lips work on me for awhile," he sat down in the chair, leaning back and opening his legs. His cock was standing erect, the veins in the sides thick and pulsing. The game began as the team winning the coin toss chose to receive and the opposing team ran down the field, kicking the ball high in the air. That was the last I saw, as I turned my head and took the velvety tip of Brian's cock into my mouth, running my tongue around the edges, into the slit to lick away the pre-cum. One of my hands moved down to cup his balls, gently squeezing them as my lips opened wider and I took him deeper into my mouth. 

"Ahhh," he murmured, "heaven." I continued to suck on his cock, making slurping noises as my mouth worked up and down, never stopping, his hips thrust upwards to meet each stroke of my mouth as it came down. I could feel his balls getting heavier and tighter in my hand as he came closer and closer to getting off. He grabbed my head, holding it in place as his hips moved faster and faster. I could feel his climax only seconds away when I sat back and pulled him from my mouth. "Don't stop!" he cried. 

"Don't worry, we're not done." I patted him on the leg and stood up, moving around behind the chair and leaning over it, sliding down across him to land in his lap face first. I positioned a leg on either side of his head, opening my pussy wide for him, holding myself up by my elbows, before taking his cock back into my mouth. 

"Oh my God," was all I heard before he dove into me, licking my pussy, sucking and nibbling on my outer lips, before zeroing in on my engorged clit. His tongue flicked it back and forth, then he sucked on it, hard, then licked it, before pushing his tongue into my pussy, lapping up my juices. He let his tongue slide upwards, as his hands, which were on either side of my ass, pulled my cheeks apart and opened me up to him. His tongue rimmed me, before pushing into the outer edges of my asshole; he began fucking me with this tongue, pushing in and out, sending shock waves racing through me.

I pushed myself back, burying his face in my ass, his nose in my crack. I was trying to rub my clit across his hair-stubbled chin, but it wasn't quite working. The orgasm building inside of me promised to be a good one, and I wanted it desperately. My mouth was working on his cock, but I stopped each time I felt him getting ready to cum. He returned his attention to my clit, and with a nip and a suck, I went off, wiggling, thrashing, moaning loudly, as each wave coursed through me. I had let his cock fall out from between my lips, and laid my head down as I felt the last few shudders deep within. 

"Excuse us, you two, but there are exactly 2 minutes left in the first quarter." Tyler reported. I didn't move, but Brian said, "Oh shit!", and pushed me down and off of him, before grabbing me back up and bending me over the arm of the chair. 

"Hold on, darlin', for the fuckin' of your life!" he cried before jamming his cock into my waiting pussy, pumping for all he was worth. As the clock ticked down to end the quarter, the guys started counting, "10...9...8...7" Brian shuddered as he exploded, his cum pulsing deep into my pussy "...6...5...4" he leaned over me, breathing hard, "...3...2...1," they all shouted! 

"Has anyone scored yet?" he asked as he smacked me on the bottom and pulled his shriveled cock out of me. 

"Nope, still a zero-zero game," came the reply. Brian strutted bare-assed to the kitchen to get another beer.

I stood up, and since it was a commercial, announced that I'd be right back. I headed into the bathroom and with a wet cloth, washed myself off before returning for the second quarter of play.

Looking around, I saw that Tyler was now sitting naked, sprawled back into the corner of the couch, beer in one hand, pizza slice in the other. He grinned up at me, and whispered as I sat down beside him, "Still want that spanking, darlin'?" He had threatened me with one before, and rather than turn me off, I had found myself responding to the idea.

"You heard the man," I whispered back, "anything goes."

"Oh man, are we gonna have us some fun." He finished his pizza, set the beer down and gestured to his lap. "Bend over for a lickin' you're never gonna forget." Everyone groaned at his attempt at humor, which was quickly followed by their grunts as I did just that. I wrapped one arm around his leg, the other I rested on the seat cushion to balance me, my head hanging down. My legs draped over him, hanging down the other side, my ass in place, right on his lap. He began rubbing my ass cheeks, massaging them with both of his huge hands. Each time he squeezed, my cheeks spread apart, then closed as he released the pressure.

I could imagine the view the others had, as I was facing away from them. Rather than embarrass me as it would have months ago, it now caused excitement to flare up. I loved the idea of being watched. Of course, it helped that I knew and trusted all these men.

Tyler continue rubbing me for awhile, relaxing me completely, when suddenly, without warning, the palm of his hand landed with a crack on my upturned ass, causing me to jerk uncontrollably. His hand came down again and again on my ass and upper legs. I moaned and found myself getting excited, pushing up to meet his downward strokes. He spread my legs farther apart, pushed me forward more, until his hand was also reaching the swollen lips of my pussy. I tried to close my legs, not sure that I liked that sensation as it hurt a lot, but he held them open. No one was watching the game anymore, all eyes were transfixed on Tyler's hand coming down over and over and over on my ass, which was on fire.

Brian put his arm out to prevent Tom from coming to my rescue, a gesture unnecessary when Tyler stopped as suddenly as he had started. His hands began caressing my reddened skin, soothing it. I could feel his cock pressing into my side, reminding me we were far from done.

"Holy shit, Ty, you hurt her!" Tom was angry.

"No, I didn't. She liked it. Check this out." He spread my legs and turned so the other three had a clear view of my dripping pussy. "If she's hurting at all, she's hurting for me to fuck her sweet ass." He took two fingers and dipped them into my wet pussy, turning them around, curling them inside. I was ready for anything he wanted, just give me my orgasm, please. Not looking like he believed I was okay, Tom sat back in his chair tentatively, watching me intently.

Scooting his legs out from under me, Tyler helped me up onto the couch. He stood up in front of me and took his engorged cock in his hand, stroking it a few times while he waited for me to find a comfortable spot. My ass was on fire and it was not easy to sit. Finally settled, I took his cock into my mouth and immediately began to suck on it in earnest. I reached down and started rubbing myself, seeking a release from the incredible lust building in me. I sucked on him and then licked the entire length of him, taking in Tyler's own individual scent.

Before either of us could cum, he pulled out of me and told me to turn around. On my knees, head lying on the back of the couch, I saw Jason toss him a tube of K-Y, which was soon being worked into and around my ass. He worked a finger in, then another, then a third, slowly stretching the muscles. Satisfied that I was ready for him, he aligned the head of his cock with my hole, gently pushing his way in. He let me set the pace, I pushed back as far as I could and then stopped. He pulled almost completely out, then pulled me back onto him while I pushed into him. We continued this until he was entirely embedded inside me.

He began to slowly move in and out. I loved the feeling it gave me, the fullness in my ass, the decadence of doing something so 'nasty'. Don't get me wrong, I don't want it all the time, but there are times when nothing else will satisfy. The nerve endings that are stimulated by the presence of a cock pounding in and out is unlike any other feeling in the world, and you either like it or you don't. I do. And right then, I was on another level, soaring high. He quickened his pace, unable to go slowly, finally pounding into me, his balls slapping my pussy, faster and faster. My hand was rubbing my clit as he fucked my "sweet ass", and we both reached our climax at the same time. I shuddered, the contractions reaching all the way to my toes. I could feel his cock jerking inside of me, knowing he had just filled me with his load. 

As I lay still, exhausted, it occurred to me that a psychiatrist would probably have a field day with me. Who in their right mind would actually like what I was doing right now? Here I was, freshly fucked in both my pussy and my ass, I'd sucked two guys cocks, one had gone down on me, and three guys were watching as everything happened. And there were still two more to go. And I didn't have a problem with that? I decided to ponder that problem later.

"Halftime!" called Jason. "That was great timing, Tyler, my man." 

He only groaned in return, letting his cock slip out of me, his cum dripping out and starting to run down my leg. He grabbed a t-shirt from the floor and pressed it to me. "Here darlin', use this." I smiled brightly at him, and leaned over to give him a full kiss on the lips. There was a special bond growing between the two of us.
