 "This is a continuation of this series, if you don't read at least part 1, you probably won't understand the setting very well.)

*****

Shel Snyder was practically Mike's second mother, despite being a different race. She had been a close friend of his mother, and by extension their family, since before Mike was born. Shel had actually started to hope that a relationship might spark between her own daughter, Tina, and Mike. But the two were more like siblings than a couple. And then Tina went off to college before becoming a vice detective. She wasn't even sure if the two had talked since she left. 

When Mike's parents moved cross country for his mother's work, Shel promised to check in on him periodically. So, about once or twice a month, she would visit his apartment and bring him some home cooked meals. She knew that he was unable to leave his apartment with his condition and she pitied him. Shel would visit more, but she could see the discomfort having to wear clothes put on him.

Today was one of her regular visits. She knocked on his door and was surprised when a young Chinese woman answered. "Can I help you?" Chen asked brightly.

"I'm sorry, is Mike here?"

"Yea." Chen called over her shoulder. "Mike, you have a visitor."

"Oh yea? Who is it?"

Shel quickly raised her voice to let him know it was her. She knew he typically walked around nude and didn't want him to accidentally expose himself to her. "It's Shel. I brought some of your favorite meals."

"Oh, hey. Give me a second to wash off and put on a robe. I was just working out."

"OK, I have my eyes covered, you can move freely now."

"Thanks." Mike quickly grabbed his robe and moved into the bathroom.

Chen was worried that this woman was just like Mike's landlady at first. Very prudish and insisting on him wearing a robe. "It's just a human body, and I'm sure at your age you've seen your fare share of them."

Shel blushed and explained her connection to Mike.

"Oh, OK, well it's all clear, you can come in with that. Let me help you with those bags." Chen offered.

"Thanks." Shel said as she handed off a few of the bags to her. "Are you Mikes new roommate?"

"Yea, one of them."

Shel's eyebrows raised as they began stowing the food. "One of them?"

"Yea, yesterday was my first day. Technically, I'm his live-in maid. My friend Aahna got me the job, and she was his roommate first."

"Where does everyone sleep with only two bedrooms?"

"Currently Aahna and I are sharing a bed until Mike can get another one."

"Well, I'm just happy he has people to talk to now."

About that time, Mike walked in wearing a white cotton robe and hugged his guest. "Shel, how are you?"

Every time Shel came over they hugged, and she could feel his manhood under the rob pressing against her leg. She pretended she didn't, and she pretended even harder that it didn't turn her on. "I'm good, how are you?"

"I'm great, so much as happened."

"Why don't you to go catch up in the living room and I'll put these up?"

After a few polite protests of wanting to help, the two went and sat down in the living room. Mike proceeded to tell her everything that had happened over the last two weeks. Shel was shocked to hear about his sudden sexual explosion, but not really that surprised. Mike had always been almost too open and honest. She also crossed her smooth black legs and tried to convince herself that she wasn't getting turned on by his story. 

Dr. Rebecca Stuart was fairly fresh out of college when she stumbled upon the research opportunity of a lifetime. There was a little known condition called Hyperactive Testes Disorder, and when she heard about Mike, she was very interested in exploring the oddities of his body.

She would come by once a month to take samples and do a physical exam. Surprisingly, she had never been cum on once. She had extracted many samples, but managed to stay clean. Also, when Rebecca was in research mode, she was laser focused. She didn't see Mike as an attractive male with a large penis. She saw him as a problem to solve. 

Rebecca knocked on his door and Mike answered a few seconds later. She didn't even greet him as she brushed past him into the apartment. "OK, so we will get a regular sample like normal and I have a shot I want to give you to see if that reduces production." Then Rebecca looked up and saw that he was wearing a white robe. "Why aren't you naked?"

Mike closed the door and gestured towards an attractive black woman in roughly her fifties sitting on his couch. She had long, straight black hair that reached to her butt and large breasts that gave her ample cleavage in the dress that she was wearing. Her brown eyes were oddly piercing. "I'm sorry Dr. Stuart, but I kind of have a guest."

"So?"

"She's a little more than just any other guest."

Shel looked at the thin white woman in blue scrubs that just walked in. She had thick hipster glasses over piercing blue eyes on a thin oval shaped face. Her hair golden brown curly hair reached just beyond her shoulders. Then Shel looked at Mike by just moving her eyes. "Mike, who is this?"

"This is Dr. Rebecca Stuart, and she has been researching my condition for years. She comes by about once a month to get samples and try a new medication."

"Oh, well, by all means, don't let me get in the way."

"Well, the thing is, I have to strip so she can get the sample." Mike felt naked already explaining this to her.

Shel suddenly felt awkward. "That's OK, I'll just come back another time then."

"No, you just got here, and there is still so much I have to talk to you about."

Shel thought for a moment. "You know what? Why don't you just go ahead and strip and do the experiments while we talk?" Shel wished she could say her statement was completely pure hearted.

"Wouldn't that be weird?"

"Honey, I used to change your diaper regularly, so it want be the first time I've seen you naked. Now, obviously you've changed a lot since then, but who cares. It's like Chen said, it's just a body." 

"OK, if you insist." My stepped to the center of the living room, and after taking a deep breath, he dropped the robe. Mike didn't want to admit to himself that this was thrilling. It was like he was exposing himself to a woman for the first time ever. 

Shel tried not to stare, but her eyes couldn't help but dart back and forth between Mike's eyes and swelling shaft. She felt herself starting to get a little wet, so she tightened her crossed legs, which only put more pressure on her clit and turned her on more.

Dr. Stuart, the consummate professional, simply dropped to her knees and clamped a transparent pump to his penis. It had a tube on the other end that led to a sample jar the size of a coke bottle. She turned the little motor on and a soft whirring sound indicating that the pump was working. 

About that time, Chen walked into the room and sat down beside Shel. She unabashedly stared as the machine milked Mike. The machine was ever efficient. It pumped a load out of him and into the test container in under a minute.

As Dr. Stuart was disconnecting the pump, she asked if anything unusual had happened since her last visit. Mike laughed and proceeded to tell her the entire story. He even told her his theory about his sperm being an aphrodisiac because of how it affected Stephanie.

Dr. Stuart frowned in thought. "That's not the craziest idea. It's easy to test to." She picked up the sample bottle and grabbed three small vials. She looked over at the women on the couch and asked, "Will you two help me with an experiment?"

Shel looked worried and asked, "I'm not sure, what kind of experiment?"

"We each take a smell and then taste of his cum to see how it affects us."

"WOW, WOW, WOW! That is just a step to far." Shel exclaimed.

"Calm down. This is all to help Mike right? Just do it. It's not like you're related." Chen argued.

Still a bit skeptical, Shel finally agrees. "Alright, let me see it."

Stuart offers each a vial of Mike's cum. "First smell." They did so. "Any reaction?"

"Yea, feeling more turned on than I was just staring at Mike." Chen said.

Stuart sniffed again thoughtfully, like it was a fine wine. "Yes," She began in a very clinical tone, "my vagina does appear to be getting a little warm. Shel?"

Shel blushed then smiled then tried to repress the smile. She tried not to make eye contact with anyone as she played down the emotion she was feeling. "Yea, I guess, a little bit."

"Well," said Stuart, "that makes since. Women of your age typically have a lowered sexual response."

"Excuse me?" Shel asked offended.

"Time to drink." Stuart said, and they downed the vials.

Dr. Stuart had her answer from Shel when she saw her trying to stick her tongue down the small test tube to get every last drop. Shel's tongue probed the bottle for a good thirty seconds while the other women watched. When she realized what she was doing, she was embarrassed and quickly gave the vial back.

Mike was rock hard after seeing Shel do that. Dr. Stuart saw this, and said, "Great, I'll get to see if my new shot works. It should repress your testes activity, so you don't cum so easily." She pulled out a syringe and jabbed him in the arm, emptying the contents into him. Then, without thinking, she picked up the rest of the bottled sample and downed it, gulp after gulp. 

Realizing what she just did, she said, "Maybe it affected me more than I thought." She suddenly felt her loins burning. She had never felt such an extreme desire before. "Well, there goes objectivity." She said as she dropped to her knees in front of Mike. She sucked him into her mouth and was going to town on him. 

Chen and Shel were feeling very similar, and seeing the Dr. blowing him didn't help their lust. Chen looked at Shel and immediately started kissing her passionately while fondling her breasts. 

Shel was reacting favorably at first, but quickly shoved the woman off. "What are you doing? I'm not a lesbian." At that moment, Mike came in Rebecca's mouth. It took her by surprise, and she couldn't handle it, so most of the cum sprayed over her face and scrubs. 

Both women on the couch looked ate the cum covered woman like she was a gazelle and they were hungry lions. They pounced on her and started licking every ounce of cum they could off.

During this process, Mike felt even more aroused than normal. He watched the ravenous buffet and couldn't help but look down Shel's top. The massive boobs giggled and bounced in a lacy black bra. He instantly felt guilty and icky for looking at that part of her. But as he watched them, the connection between whom she was, and the sexiness of her tits, began to separate in his mind.

Finally, he couldn't help it any longer. He reached down the front of her dress and fondled them through the bra. That got Shel's attention. But instead of reprimanding him, she still had the hungry look in her eyes. She stood, turned, and moved her hair to the side, so that he could see the zipper on the dress. 

What she was implying was obvious, and with hands shaking in excitement, he reached forwards and slowly unzipped. When the zipper reached it's endpoint just above her butt. Mike reached inside and cupped her cheeks. Apparently, she was wearing a thong, because he felt smooth warm flesh.

Shel peeked over her shoulder and let the dress fall to the floor. She hadn't been touched like this since her husband ran out on her five years ago. She missed the touch of a man so much it hurt. She also missed several other things. All of which she was going to reclaim now, starting with the simplest.

Shel turned and moved close to Mike. His penis pushed between her legs and poked out the other side. She kissed him hard and fierce, like he was her only source of air. His hands moved from her butt up her back to the hook on her bra. He undid the latch easily and discarded the bra.

As his hands moved around to her now bare tits, he suddenly felt a warm mouth around his tip. Shel felt a nose between her cheeks. He came instantly in Chen's mouth. Since she couldn't get a good seal on his shaft, she only got a small amount in her mouth, before the rest landed on her face and shirt.

It was Rebecca's turn to push Chen to the floor and lick the cum off her face. Rebecca was now topless. Her tits were small, but perky and cute. Mike was more focused on the woman in front of him, though.

He kissed his way down her neck and chest until he was at her magnificent breasts. Her areolas were jet black, and her nipples were huge. He had seen this online before with porn stars like Diamond Jackson, but never in person. He sucked her nipple into his mouth and sucked hard on it. Shel was jerking him back to attention.

Mike continued kissing his way down her body until he reached her thong. He quickly pulled it down and buried his tongue deep into her pussy. She gasped and moaned as she held the back of his head. She was so aroused that she came in a matter of seconds.

Mike stood and helped Shel to the ground. He was on his knees between her legs. He started rubbing his tip against her pussy lips, but then he saw her face and remembered who she was. He froze. Was he really about to have sex with his mom's best friend? Practically his third parent?

"Don't tease me now." Shel said as she hooked her legs behind his butt and pulled him into her. Once in, Mike realized that their weren't many other places he would rather be. He knelt down and kissed her while playing with her tits. Their hips flexed and circled as they had sex. They came at the same time a few moments later. When she got too tight, he pulled out and released several loads onto her stomach.

Mike didn't have much time to rest, as a now nude Chen and Rebecca came over. Rebecca pulled him over to her, while Chen began licking up all the cum on Shel's belly. Once that was gone, she started sucking it out of the woman's pussy. Shel hips were quickly responding to the new stimulus. She no longer cared if she was with a guy or a girl.

Rebecca pulled my gaze back to her body. It was thin, and her breasts were small but perky, with erect gum drop nipples at the top. Her pussy was a small slit, and her butt was barely there. Mike had never seen her naked before and was soaking in her beauty. Rebecca got tired of waiting for him to get his eyeful, and she shoved his mouth onto her breast. Mike opened his mouth wide and fit the entire thing into his mouth. He sucked on it and dashed the nipple around in his mouth.

Mike heard Shel and Chen's moaning and he glanced over. They were sitting up tribbing now. He reached down and started toying with Rebecca's clit. She was moaning instantly. Then he surprised her by picking her up and sitting on the floor right next to the other two women. They mirror imaged the tribbing girls position. As the four humped mere inches from each other, hands and lips reached out everywhere. Kissing lips, tits, stomach's necks, whatever could be reached. 

After the next mass orgasm, as they had managed to start syncing up. Rebecca went to Shel, and Mike went to Chen. They traded up every time they came. With the woman who was covered in cum serving as a buffet for the other. Mike ended up cumming in every hole multiple times, and the floor was covered in his fluid. This went on for hours until everyone was exhausted.

Mike led the group to his bed simply to sleep. Just before they all drifted off with Mike in the middle. Dr. Stuart said, I think my shot might of had the opposite reaction. He would have to agree, this was the most he had ever cum, including his night with Aahna and Sophia, and his day with Stephanie and Fifi. They all passed out and slept soundly cuddling together. 

About midnight, Mike awoke to something warm and moist encapsulating his shaft. He opened his eyes and saw Aahna. The other girls were still asleep, and Aahna gave the hush gesture before motioning him to come with her.

Mike carefully extracted himself from the mass of limbs, trying not to wake anyone. Then he followed Aahna to her room. She instantly kissed him lovingly and tenderly. She had him sit on her bed as she gave him a slow blow job. "Tell me about your day."

Mike did, and when he finished, Aahna stood and pushed him onto his back. She climbed on top of him and guided his member into her. As she lazily rode up and down she asked, "Want to hear about my day?"

"Absolutely." Mike said as he tenderly caressed her thighs. For the first time that day, his eyes were actually fixated on the face of the woman he was having sex with. 

Aahna droned on about class and work, but Mike felt this was one big story leading up to something important she wanted to say. She even seemed bored by her own words until she got to the end. "But you know what I was thinking about during all of that?"

"What?" Mike asked.

Aahna bent down and gave Mike a peck on the lips. "You."

Mike smiled and said, "Funny, I had the same experience."

Aahna smiled and laid her head on his chest as she continued to flex her hips against his. "I said I liked to take things slow in a relationship, but I think five days is enough." She joked. 

Mike laughed and wrapped his arms around her. "I'm happy to hear that."

"Oh, and don't worry about me getting jealous of your new daily activities with Chen, Sophia, and whoever else. I understand that with your condition you need to drain it frequently. So, why not enjoy it? As long as I'm the only one that has your heart."

"You have always been the only one with my...my...my...HEART." Mike said as he came inside of his love. She tensed up and squeezed his torso tight with her arms as she orgasmed too.

"I guess we don't need a third bed now." Mike joked. He then kissed the top of her head, and they fell asleep.

(To be continued.)