 The following night, Klaus stunned me asking me if I had ever made love to another woman.

"No, Sir ... I never even thought about it."

"I can't understand why you haven't," he replied. "I know I've been attracted to the occasional male. Why in my teens, while exploring sex for the first time, I sucked a cock or two and even had a friend stick his cock up my ass. I can assure you that I'm anything but gay; however, I have done it with men and boys, and may even do it again sometime. I can assure you it's quite pleasant when done properly. And, Emily, I have just the girl for you."

"You ... do?"

"Yes, her name is Rosalie. And although you never mentioned being with another woman in your list of 'Wants' I believe it was implied."

"Implied, Master?" Emily gasped in surprise.

"Yes, it was certainly implied when you wrote that you would submit to me and further, that you wanted me to use you as I saw fit."

"Well, yes, I did say I would submit, but I meant submitting to you, Master, not to some woman. "

"What about using you as I see fit, Emily?"

"Um, I ... I didn't...."

"Well I see fit to watch you perform sexually with anyone I choose, and I choose Rosalie for tomorrow night. I suggest you ready yourself for the occasion. I shall fuck the both of you at some point, but be advised; I will not tolerate you refusing to couple with Rosalie. I expect the two of you to start without me. Be warned, Rosalie is a dominant, she is submissive to me, but she is to be obeyed by you at all times. Is that understood?"

"Yes, sir," I answered softly and received a generous kiss and a hard slap on my derriere.

____________________________

I didn't get much sleep that night, but the following morning after Klaus left I realized that I was paying more attention to my hair and makeup than usual; and instead of remaining nude as Klaus would have me do at all times while in his home, I carefully selected a black silk outfit from among those left out on the bedroom dresser for me to wear that evening. By five in the afternoon I realized that I was excited about what was to come and willfully masturbated in the bathtub, cumming twice before stepping out of the tub and drying off.

I was still tingling when the doorbell rang and I admitted Rosalie to Klaus's home. She was about my age, slightly taller than me, with dark brown hair and big breasts. I took her coat, flushing as her eyes raked over my body.

"I love your outfit," were her first words.

"Thank you, Klaus left it out for me to wear for this evening."

Rosalie extended her hand and lightly grazed my nipples which were poking out against the tight silk material. A strange tingle crossed my senses, almost like a spark from static electricity. Then as she released her fingers from my chest she whispered, "Your nipples are already hard, are you as excited as I am, Emily?"

Hearing her say my name sent another tingle directly to my clit. Now I was sure I was blushing profusely, but I couldn't bear to answer her.

I stood completely still when she leaned into me and kissed me on the mouth. I dropped her coat on the floor, unable to hold it.

"Shocked you did I?" she laughed.

"Umm, I didn't expect ...."

"No, I guess not. Klaus told me you've never been with a woman. Is that true?"

"Yes, of course it's true," I blurted, forgetting my station in the equation.

That earned me a slap across the face, I staggered backward and lost my balance and fell onto the couch.

"Watch that mouth, Emily!" Rosalie said sternly as she stood towering over me. 

My heart was hammering in my chest as I quietly apologized, "Yes, I'm sorry. I forgot myself for a second." Then to emphasize what I'd said, I repeated it, "I'm really sorry, Rosalie."

She laughed and said, "I accept your apology, now let's have another kiss, eh?"

I responded by kissing the corner of her mouth. It was warm and soft, and I could smell a faint hint of citrus and bourbon. Rosalie never said a word, but her eyes never left mine. 

I was overcome with emotion and desire. I'd been thinking about this all day -- how I'd react to her when she kissed me; when she began touching me -- and now I was kissing her. 

I was initiating the sex between us as I kissed her again; this time taking her face in my hands, not thinking of anything but the comfort of skin on skin. I kissed the corner of each eye, the tip of her nose, moved to her chin, and the corner of her jaw. And my hands were busy too, my thumbs traced over her stubby nubs under her blouse and bra, then caressed the formidable mounds of her breasts which had to be at least 38-D.

There was no sound, no objection from Rosalie. Somewhat confused, I pulled back ready to laugh the whole thing off as a stupid mistake.

And then her arms embraced me and her mouth sought mine. Our tongues touched and a fire blazed in my cunt. I began tracing her throat with my fingertips, brushing upward toward her ear, she shivered, and her hands gently rubbed over my very wet mound.

I groaned. At least I think I groaned when her tongue flickered playfully over my lips; first the lower and then the upper, before reentering my mouth.

I had to fight off a laugh: the first time I'd kissed a boy, I'd been desperately wondering where the noses went. Now I was wondering where all the breasts were supposed to go. 

I bent my head to Rosalie's slender neck and kissed it where her warm pulse beat; it was an open-mouthed kiss that left a moist trail on her skin. 

"Wait ... wait," she moaned, and quickly removed her shoes and dress, tossing and kicking them into the far corner of the room. Now she stood in front of me clad only in a lacy black bra and panties under a pair of pantyhose.

We kissed, more tentatively than before, as if to savor the kiss for our respective memory banks. I kissed her throat and turning my head, I found myself listening to her heartbeat; then with a raucous hyena-like cackle, I shook her right breast out of its bra cup and all but swallowed the fat nipple that beckoned to me like a flame to a moth.

Rosalie sucked in her breath, and we sank to the floor and holding tightly to one another, rolled around the floor like teenagers in a pillow fight without the pillows.

Only we did find some pillows on the couch and brought them down on the floor with us as we kissed and laughed as Rosalie climbed on top of me panting, "I got'cha ... I got'cha! Before wantonly licking the hollow of my throat and sending a pulsing thrill directly to my cunt.

A second later she squeezed my breast and when I reacted I found that it was only a ploy she was using to maneuver me into raising my legs slightly and allowing her to push them up to my shoulders. It wasn't a move that wrestlers make use of, but we weren't wrestling, only playing, and having put me at a slight disadvantage, Rosalie leaned in and kissed me passionately, and with our hands clasped, pulled me up with her when she rocked back to a sitting position. 

All this moving caused her other breast to fall from its confinement and I recall thinking, Oh, delicious, simply delicious, and I reached out for the closet breast with my right hand, rubbing that nipple into hardness while my other hand ran down her side, bumping over her ribs to her waist. Rosalie's hands, light as birds, rested on my head, tangling restlessly in my hair, and I realized that the only sound in the room was coming from me, as I sucked feveredly on Rosalie's hard nipple. 

"You like that?" She murmured.

"Oh, yes!" I hissed and moved to her other breast.

Moments later we were kissing again with Rosalie's hands roaming freely over my breasts, sending lightning bolts to my nether region. 

Klaus had been so right in putting us together, I was all too eager to sample the folds of Rosalie's cunt ... all too willing to have her sucking away at me.

And then her palm was rubbing on my mound and I almost came from the instant pleasure that rippled through me.

We kissed again; our tongues dueled frantically, until Rosalie suddenly broke away and deftly spun me around while plunging her fist between my legs.

I screamed out my delight, heard her cackling laugh and knew I would let her do anything she wanted with me.

But I was not accepting her actions docilely. Oh, no. I waited for the opportune moment and stuck quickly, launching an attack of my own that caught her off-guard and ended with me on top, knees astride her waist.

"OH!" she gasped in surprise.

I grabbed her breasts in my hands and tweaked her nipples. Rosalie screeched with pleasure. Reaching behind me and between my legs, I found her cunt and poked at it with two outstretched fingers. I felt her dampness through the panties and pantyhose she wore and felt a certain smugness at my having aroused her as she had me.

Then she either pushed me backward, or I fell back of my own accord. I don't remember which, but it left Rosalie free access to my cunt and she took full advantage, rubbing frantically at my pussy through the silky material I wore over it. The sensations were unbelievable. I took her foot in hand, brought it to my mouth -- I had this sudden urge to suck something, anything that was part of her. That turned out to be her panty-hosed encased toes.

"I love it!" she crowed and allowed me to suck on them for a short time, then she turned the tables on me, Drawing a finger from the cleavage between my breasts down to the small triangle of pubic hair I'd carved out just above my cunt.

It was my turn to shriek with delight.

Tugging my pajama bottoms down enough to reveal most of my twat to her, Rosalie sent four fingers clawing down my bared midriff as I swayed precariously above her as she dipped two fingers, (at least I think it was two) into my slick folds, and as I watched, brought them ever so slowly to her mouth and sucked my juice from them.

I groaned with want.

An entirely different set of 'wants' flashed through my mind.

I wanted to kiss her forever.

I wanted to suck her nipples.

I wanted to taste the salt in her navel.

I wanted to lick her toes, perhaps suck each one individually.

I wanted to kiss and lick the backs of her knees.

I wanted to go down on her and hear her scream, "I'm cumming! Repeatedly.

I wanted to lick her anus.

My list went on and on, and I realized that this list was longer than the one I'd sent to Klaus.

I started to laugh uncontrollably.

Rosalie slapped sharply me across the face then brought her mouth down to mine and we kissed, sucking one another's lips, licking noses, kissing eyelids and all the while her fingers prodded and probed at my vaginal entrance, not venturing more than a half inch inside, as if waiting permission to delve further.

Suddenly, she ordered me to stand up. 

I did, and Rosalie immediately clawed my pajama bottoms down with her panty-hosed toes.

A moment later I let out a soft hiss of air as her big toe entered my pussy.

My God, this was heavenly!

"Turn around, Emily!"

Wondering what she had in store for me next, I obliged her. Rosalie's arms went around my thighs a moment before she nuzzled my anus with her nose and then her mouth.

I shrieked with surprised joy at the strange sensation. I bent over to give her better access and felt her tongue plunge into my sopping pussy.

"Mmmm, you taste so sweet, Emily!"

I could only grunt in reply because she'd added her fingers along with her tongue.

I was on the verge of a huge orgasm, when Rosalie backed away leaving me hanging on the precipice of cumming, and shouted, "Hey, look who's here!"

I looked and saw a strange man standing on one foot as he shed his slacks only several feet from me.

"Do you know Raphael, Emily?"

"God!" I sputtered in embarrassment, trying to cover my exposed body. "What the fuck's going on, Rosalie?"

"Didn't Klaus tell you we're having a threesome?"

"No, he didn't mention anything about it. He just .... He said he would be coming over ...." There was no sense in going on, I was there, I was certainly ready for more sex, and with the first glimpse of Raphael's long, thin cock, I saw no reason not to have that baby pronging me for the remainder of the evening.

I did, however, distance myself from them, curling up on the couch as Rosalie helped him off with his shoes and took his cock in her mouth while he unbuttoned his shirt.

I wasn't sitting there long, for Rosalie waved me over and a second or two later I was on my knees next to her licking the base of his cock while she sucked away on his cockhead.

Between sucks, she told me to pay some attention to his balls. So I did. Moments later, Rosalie relinquished his cock to me and I took him into my mouth, reveling in the comingled taste of him and Rosalie's saliva.

"Suck it!" Rosalie laughed and forced me to take him much deeper than I'd wanted too. I was making "Gluck -- gluck" sounds when she allowed me to back off and finally to let him fall from my mouth as she replaced me in fellating him.

I was more than impressed with her skills in giving head as she took him deep. (I learned later that Raphael was eleven inches long, and that he was capable of sustaining his erection for very long periods before ejaculating.)

Taking him from her mouth, Rosalie brought me close and kissed me. Knowing his cock had just left her mouth made it a different kiss from those preceding it. Both our tongues were greedily absorbing all the available flavors within our mouths. I recall her tongue exploring my gums as if seeking out any available scrap or morsel of food adhering to my teeth or gums. I took pride in the fact that having carefully brushed my teeth before meeting with her that her search was without result. That is, unless that was what she wanted to find out.

As we ended the kisses, she took his cock and lightly slapped my lips and eyes with it while we both laughed like lunatics at our antics. Strangely enough, Raphael was completely silent for the most part, not saying word throughout this time.

During this time, my feet were angled between Raphael's and Rosalie knelt by my side. She fed his cock back into my mouth and when I took him deep without "glucking" she yelled, "Good girl!" pleasing me no end.

When she resumed sucking his cock, I nursed at her breasts, imagining that I was sucking her cock, or cocks, while fondling his testicles.

"You take his slimy cock, darling," Rosalie chirped and slapped me on the ass.

I shifted position, got on my knees and absorbed his length down my throat, pleased that I was capable of doing it without gagging. I was pleasantly surprised when Rosalie maneuvered herself under my backside and began eating my pussy.

I was panting with excitement even before she added two fingers, and almost choked on Raphael's cock before gaining a semblance of control.

Raphael pulled away from me and sat down on the couch. But I failed to realize he was still within reach of me since I was totally absorbed with Rosalie's cuntlapping and fingering skills. Raphael reached out and took hold of my hair and snapped my head back.

It hurt, but I made no sign that it did, thanks to my earlier training under Klaus. A moment later, Raphael was urging his middle finger into my ass. Now I made a kind of bleating sound of protest, but another yank on my hair quieted me and I suffered in silence as his finger made its way into the deeper recesses of my anus.

I remember moaning, "This is amazing!" as Rosalie brought me to the edge of another climax, only to be admonished by her when she took her mouth away from me to say, "Don't you dare cum!"

It took most of my willpower, but I managed to hold it off, even when Raphael began licking my anus. I came oh so close, but he slapped my ass so hard I was distracted, at least momentarily. But I was moaning non-stop and they knew I was going to explode soon. 

My entire body rippled as raised my as perceptibly off the floor so as to press against his heavenly mouth. He pulled back, keeping the pliable flesh firmly in his mouth and stretching it, bringing a sharp, but oh so pleasurable pain with his action.

Then in a swift motion, he folded his thumb deep into my well lubricated ass. To add to my dilemma, Rosalie's questing fingers found my G-spot and before I knew it, I was cumming and squirting into her mouth as she screamed with pleasure at having gotten me to squirt. And while I was cumming, Raphael continued tonguing my anus and then sent first one and then two fingers into my ass. I hardly felt the penetration as Rosalie was jamming at least four fingers into my cunt which was as wide open as it ever had been and probably wider, as I couldn't recall having anything that big in there before.

All this combined to make my mind-warping orgasm last an extremely long time.

I was still shuddering from the force of my release when there was a movement behind me. I realized that Rosalie had crawled alongside me, one hand buried in her pantyhose as she fingered herself. Raphael was now sitting on the edge of the couch and leaning his head back.

"I told you not to cum!" Rosalie screamed in my face.

"But you seemed to like that I squirted ... that you made me squirt."I said, frightened of the potential consequences of my having cum.

"Raphael, give her the treatment!" Rosalie snarled, while I cringed fearfully.

But when he leaned in and began to eat me out I became confused. What kind of punishment was this?

Each time his tongue passed over my labia there was just the slightest increase in pressure. It was tantalizingly beautiful. I would have thought only a woman could manage it, and yet here he was, just as skilled, or even more skilled than Rosalie. Admittedly, I had limited experience in cunnilingus, and yet I knew talent when I felt it -- especially down there.

And when his magnificent tongue reached the top of my vagina, he gave the little darling there just tiniest flick that caused me to see stars. Of course, foremost in mind was Rosalie's admonition not to cum; and I had all I could do to keep it from happening. 

I knew this was a test, and I concentrated on other things in order to control an impulse that was driving me over the edge despite my intentions to the contrary.

Several minutes passed, Raphael continued teasing me, flirting at my entrance and never darting inside my folds. I was dripping juices. Off to the side I heard Rosalie giggling at my obvious discomfort. 

And when Raphael blew gently on my vulva and then caught one fold with his teeth and pulled, I screamed out, begging them to let me cum!

"No, you fucking whore, you better not cum!" Rosalie's harsh voice echoed throughout the room, and she slapped me so hard I almost blacked out.

He was drawing my clit into his mouth as I regained my senses. Perhaps that's not an accurate description, for my senses were certainly both dulled from the force of Rosalie's blow, and yet highly acute from the sexual heights Raphael was bringing me toward. And now as he sucked upon my clit as I had sucked upon his penis, time stopped, or so it seemed.

Rosalie had her hand on my throat, slowly choking me. I shuddered. My body tensed. I was at the edge of my abyss, on the verge of a tumultuous orgasm and yet terrified of allowing it to happen. 

I recalled reading somewhere about people choking themselves to heighten their orgasms. Was this what she was doing?

It wasn't long until I found myself floating in a kind of no man's land as he continued his gentle sucking pressure, apparently waiting for the right moment to send me barreling into my much craved climax.

But he did not send me anywhere. He kept me there -- balancing me like a circus juggler ... keeping me just out of the reaches of the incredible pleasure I hungered for.

I couldn't move. I couldn't think. I couldn't breathe. I had already arched my body, contracting from his tantalizing mouth; unable to form the words that would allow me to beg for the release I so desperately craved.
