 Over the days that followed Ella came to my house often. We talked, we went for walks, we watched movies, but Ella seemed to retreat away from me. I knew she was planning something -- she had told me to make sure I was free the next weekend, but it was as if she wanted to keep me at an arms length until then. Was she changing her mind about us being together? Did she regret sleeping over? Or did she want to make me wait so that I wouldn't be able to resist what came next? Whatever it was, it was a long week. I would spend all day with Ella and then, as soon as she went home, I would unbutton my pants and let my hard, sore cock out and spend the rest of the night touching myself. Usually I didn't even need porn to make myself cum. I would think back to something Ella had done -- that day in science class, the field trip to the woods, or our recent night with Adrian, and I would work my hand up and down my cock, felling the shock of pleasure as my fingers ran over the head. And then I would spill my load all over myself. 

On Saturday, the day that Ella had asked me to keep open, I spent most of the day on a long bike ride in the woods behind my house. It was all I could do to keep my attention on the trails in front of me -- images of Ella's body kept popping into my mind -- the gentle curve of her hips, the flat smooth beauty of her stomach, the way her perfect breasts looked through her shirt when she wanted them to show. Ella definitely knew how to use her body to get what she wanted. What was still hard to believe was that she wanted me.

When I got home I leaned my bike against the garage door and walked in through the front door. It was open, which was strange, but I wrote that off to having forgotten to lock it. Part of me wondered if Ella had somehow opened the door itself, but she would need her own key for that, and that didn't make sense. I was a little disappointed -- part of me thought that she would have been waiting for me in my room, but it had been empty. Upstairs I shed my dirt-stained clothes and jumped in the shower. It was only when I was finished and sat down at my desk that I saw the note. 

It was just a small piece of paper, but I recognized the handwriting at once. "James," it said, "meet me at 8:00 at the bar on Hawthorn. I know you don't have an ID (loser) so come to the back and I'll let you in."

It was raining by the time I reached the back door of the bar. It didn't look like a door I was supposed to use, but when I looked closer I noticed that someone (it must have been Ella) had left a brick in front of the door. I slipped in. It was dark inside at first. I could hear the muted sound of music and talking from the bar coming through a back wall and the smell of smoke was heavy in the air. Ella was standing just inside the door. She was wearing a loose white linen dress and her hair was up. She looked peaceful -- almost angelic. She smiled when I walked in. That old smile. What was I supposed to do.

"You're a little late," she said, stepping forward.

"Nice to see you too," maybe tonight I could get the upper hand?

Ella rolled her eyes, but she was still smiling. "Come with me, I want you to meet some old friends of mine," she said, and she turned around and walked down a short hallway and into a nearby room. So much for the upper hand. I followed her, wondering what would come next.

Inside the room, sitting on stools or leaning against the walls were four men, and the way their eyes followed Ella as she walked to the center of the room, I had an idea of what was going to happen next. I tried to take in the scene around me: the room was sparse. There was a single, dim hanging lamp lighting everything from above and a mattress with a fitted sheet spread across it lying on the bare floor. The walls were concrete and unpainted, and there was a small table in the corner of the room with a few bottles of clear liquid and no cups. Ella stood for a beat in the middle of this circle of watching eyes and turned in place, taking in the room around her. Her smile was bigger now, still contained, but she was clearly excited.

"These are my friends, Hank, Todd, Bill, and Steve."

I swallowed.

She looked me in the eye and continued, "They want to play. I think you should play too...I know I want to..."

Ella walked over to the table and picked up one of the bottles. She raised the bottle up to her lips, tilted her head back and took a long pull. Her neck was exposed as she drank and I could see her throat swallow several times. I wanted to run my tongue along her neck, I wanted to feel her ass in my hand and taste the alcohol on her lips, but I couldn't move. None of us could as we watched Ella lower the bottle away from her mouth. A single drop of clear liquid slid down her chin. She smiled, wiped her lips with the back of the hand that was still holding the bottle and shook her head. Ella seemed to sway in place for a moment, eyes closed, but then she snapped to and walked back to me. Still holding the bottle in one hand, Ella slid her free hand up my arm, across my shoulder, and around tot he back of my neck. I wanted to kiss her, but Ella held up the bottle instead and smiled that old smile at me to drink. 

It burned going down, but as the liquid warmed my stomach, I felt myself begin to let go.

Ella walked back into the middle of the room and looked around. A few of the men stood up and took a step forward. Ella stood still. Three men stepped forward again, close enough to touch her. I was transfixed. Ella seemed unsure for a second, as if she didn't know if she could go through with what was about to happen, but then the man closest to her left, Bill, unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. It was already hard and larger than she seemed to expect. Bill pulled off his shirt and pulled Ella by the hand towards himself. She moved willingly and kneeled in front of him. 

As I watched, Ella took Bill's hard cock into her mouth. She had to open wide to fit it all in and he pushed her head down as far as it would go so that I could hear her gag as he hit the back of her throat. In the mean time the two other men, Steve and Todd, who had stepped forward at first had positioned themselves around Ella. She noticed they were there and pulled Bill's man's cock out of her mouth so that she could shift her attention to her new playmates. She unzipped their pants in turn, pulling out their members and putting each into her mouth, one at a time. 

"That's right, baby, take us all" Bill one said.

"You slut, I didn't think you were serious when you introduced yourself this afternoon, but you really did want to party, didn't you?" Steve muttered, maybe to himself.

This afternoon? Had Ella just met these guys? The thought of her organizing this whole night made me nervous, but it turned me on too. I knew I wanted to join in, but I was still rooted to the spot.

By now all three men were naked and Ella, still in her dress, was kneeling between two men, one cock in each hand, pumping slowly as she moved back and forth between both men, taking turns wrapping her lips around their cocks. Todd was masturbating hard in front of Ella and she clearly liked the sight of his hand moving slowly up and down his shaft because even as she sucked Bill and Steve's dicks, she kept here eyes on Todd's. After a few minutes Ella turned her attention to him, taking him into her mouth, one hand on his shaft and the other playing with is balls. Watching Ella do this to herself -- watching her surrounded by hard cocks, lost in the lust of the moment was turning me on. I wanted to see her on the mattress, I wanted to see all four men on her body at once.

As if she were reading my mind, Ella stood up and shaky legs and led Todd (with the other men close behind) over to the mattress. As the fourth man, Hank, undressed, Todd pressed up against Ella's back, holding her hips as Steve kissed her from the front. Ella seemed to like being sandwiched between the two men and pulled each closer, a hand on each of their necks. As she twisted between them to be able to kiss Todd, Steve pulled the straps of her dress off of her shoulders and it fell quietly to the floor.

Naked, guided by the men around her, Ella lay down on the mattress and spread her legs. Her big, blue eyes were wide and hungry and she licked her lips asking for more. Todd rolled her onto her side and slid himself into her pussy. It was fast, and abrupt, and it looked like Ella wanted to protest, but she couldn't because at the same moment Steve had lifted her head onto his lap and guided his cock into Ella's mouth. Her eyes grew even larger as she was fucked from both ends, but her surprise only seemed to last for a moment. Soon she was back in control, grinding her hips around Todd's cock and gulping and slurping up and down Steve's.

Clearly the sight of Ella giving in to the men around her wasn't only turning me on because before long, Todd pulled his dick out of her and came hard on her ass. Ella seemed to smile into Steve's cock and that smile only grew when she felt Bill replace Todd behind her. Bill was larger than Todd and despite how wet Ella had become, she moaned loudly as he pushed himself inside. Ella was touching herself as the men fucked her and I could see that she was close to cumming herself. 

Steve finished next, covering her face with his load. Ella grinned and laughed as he came, opening her mouth wide to catch what she could.

Moments later, with no cock in her mouth, Ella allowed Bill to move her around so that he was lying back on the mattress and she was riding him. Ella was deep in the feeling in her pussy -- her head was down, her hair covering her face and she was supporting most of her weight with her arms as she moved her hips up and down on Bill's cock.

Hank, Todd, and Steve weren't ready to be left out on the fun, it seemed. As Ella continued to ride Bill, Hank slid behind her and held her hips still. Ella's head moved slightly as she noticed the change, but she didn't really react until Hank slid his cock into her ass. 

"Oh my god," she gasped, and for a moment I could see the surprise in her eyes again at this new level, but then that smile came back to her face and she moaned loudly, "that is so much, please, fuck me like this, both of you."

She didn't have to ask twice. Bill pushed up from below and Hank started moving from behind. Their two cocks pushed in and out of her like pistons and her ass shook with each thrust. Taking all that cock was clearly a lot for Ella -- her head was back down and it looked like she was concentrating on the sensation. She had stopped moaning and was breathing in gasps, mouthing "yes, yes, yes," as she struggled for air. 

Then Steve was back at her head, standing, and inviting her to take his cock into her mouth again. Ella happily accepted and now she had three men's members in her at once. Her body bounced back and forth between the two cocks in her pussy and ass and the one in her mouth. All four men were panting hard and I couldn't believe Ella was able to keep up with them. She was breathing hard too, and I could see the sweat on her back as she worked against the force of the men pushing into her, but Ella was in her element. She had lost all inhibitions, all sense of restraint. Ella was being fucked by three men while Todd and I watched, and she clearly loved it. 

Before long all three men were close to exploding, their breaths coming in short gasps. Ella could sense the impending moment and, after what seemed like hours of being fucked from both ends, pulled herself off of all three men and lay down on her back.  

"Come on, boys, it's time. Come on me, all of you at once"

Again, the men didn't need to be asked twice. Todd, having recovered from his first load, joined the circle of men now standing around her, pumping their hands up and down their cocks. Ella twisted and turned on the mattress, her hands moving up and down her body, squeezing her breasts and sliding in and out of her pussy. 

"I need it, give it to me," she whispered, almost in a trance at the sight of all those dicks, so hard, above her. And then the men came, their loads covering her face, breasts, and stomach. Ella let out a high pitched moan and spread her arms wide, inviting more, more, more. 

When the men finished they moved away from Ella's body and I could see the mess she had been left in. It was more than I could have expected. Ella made eye contact with me and stood up, still covered in the cum of her new friends. She walked over to me, just like she had that first day in my room, but this time she didn't leave me hanging. Without a word, but with that old familiar smile, she knelt down, unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock. 

I looked down at her, naked, glistening, and I thought about what I had just seen. 

"Those other men all had their fill, but I'm not going home with any of them," she said, loud enough that the other men could hear, "I just let them do things to me that they had only dreamed of, and I loved it -- I loved getting fucked like that, but none of them got to cum inside of me." She licked my penis slowly, from the base to the tip, her mouth open, her eyes locked with mine. "They all wanted me, and I wanted them to do that to me," her hands were working my balls and with each pause Ella took my whole cock into her mouth, "but I only want to swallow one man's cum tonight, yours." Ella moved her head up and down and her tongue hit that spot right below the head of my cock and I came hard into her mouth. She tried to swallow what she could of my load and the rest dripped down her chin, mixing with the rest of what was there. 

When I looked up, the room was empty. Ella took a few minutes to clean herself off, and then took my hand and led me to the door. 

"Any time you want to do that again, let me know," she said, as we stepped back out into the chilly night air, "the more, the merrier."