 My husband and I have been married for 25 years. We are in our mid-fifties. We are attractive and fit. Our sex life has always been very good. We have been occasionally been adventurous. WE have had a number of mfm threeways, we have a once in a while play time with a couple who are good friends and we have had the very occasional dalliance outside the marriage. We tell each other all about those. My husband is bi. I wouldn't say I am bi but have done things with the female half of the couple we play with but it's more to entertain the guys than any real predilection of mine. The point being that we are not an inexperienced couple.

Last spring we were at a barbecue at a friend's house. Lot of people. Lot of fun. I was talking to a good friend at one point. We had both had a few drinks. She pointed out the teenage son of another friend. He is 18.

She said, "you would not believe the cock on him".

I was shocked. I asked how she knew. She told me she had been with him. More shock. Apparently she had heard some girls at the swim and tennis club we belong to, talking about him. Both had been with him. One had fucked him while the other had only sucked him. She said that he was too big. My friend was intrigued and turned on. Bottom line she seduced him and fucked him a few times. She was very turned on by the fact that he was so young (legal but young). She ended it pretty quickly. She did not want to screw up her marriage.

She said he was very good. Not just because he was huge but he really knew what he was doing. Apparently had been with a number of older women. She said he was pretty dominant as well. More intriguing is that he is a pretty non-descript kid. Not bad looking. Just not "hot". He is about 5'8" maybe 150 or so. Good shape but not incredible. You wouldn't think of super-hot stud when you looked at him.

I mentioned it to my husband and we had a fun time in bed talking about him etc. After a few weeks that fantasy ran its course and we didn't talk about it for a while.

Fast forward to another party several months later. It was a pretty big crowd. We were having a nice time. Then I saw the kid, Mark. I managed to make my way over to him. I had known him since he was around 8 years old. We started talking about where he was looking at colleges, etc. The whole time my heart was racing, I felt my face getting flushed and I could feel myself getting wet. It was all I could do to keep focused on the conversation while thinking about his cock and what I had been told about him. I started flirting with him. Asked about girlfriends and hinted that I knew about him and my friend. He got the message. He asked if I'd like to go somewhere more private to "talk". I stammered that it would be a good idea. I told him to give me a few minutes.

I went to my husband and told him that I had been talking to Mark.

He smiled and said, "really, what did you talk about?"

I told him just chit chat, nothing big. He smiled again and said, "yeah, right. Are you going to fuck him?"

I told him probably if it was ok with him. He asked if he could watch. I don't know what came over me but I said he could watch but how would he feel about watching a kid with a horse cock do me. would he be humilated? I said he could watch if he would submit to me and Mark. We had role played dom/sub in the past but never with anyone else. He was very turned on and agreed. 

I said Mark and I would go upstairs and he should follow us about 10-minutes later.

I went to find Mark. He said he would head up to one of the bedrooms up stairs. I should follow a few minutes later. My knees were shaking as I went up the steps. I was about to fuck an 18-year old kid with a huge cock, in front of my husband who, at least for now, would be our submissive cuckold. My husband said later that it was a huge turn on watching me go up the stairs, knowing what was in store.

I found the room where Mark was. It was a guest suite. Large with its own bathroom and sitting area. He was sitting on the couch. I went to him and sat down. We started making out. His hands were all over me but not in the way I would expect from a teenager. He was caressing my body. He skillfully undid my bra and gently stroked my breasts, he started to gently suck my nipples. He undid my pants and slid his hand inside my thong. He worked around my clit without really touching it. As I swelled more and more he started to lightly run his finger around it. I was amazed. When I was at that age most of my boyfriends couldn't find my clit with a map. I was almost ready to cum. He sensed this and backed off. I practically screamed for him not to stop. He just smiled and said we would wait.

He then stood up and told me to take his pants off. We stood up and I started to undo his belt. 

He said, "no, on your knees."

My god I was so turned being meekly submitting to a 18-year old. I did as I was told. I undid his pants and pulled his cock out. He was getting hard. I have had some large cocks before. I had never seen this outside of a porn movie. Partially hard it was probably about 8" long and thick. Very heavily veined. He had huge low hanging balls. He sat down and I started sucking it. He grew in my mouth to his full size. He was literally a foot long (we measured it at another time) and so thick I could not fit my hand around it. I was mesmerized.

Just then, my husband walked in. I had never felt like this before. Here I was on my knees with a young kid's horse cock in my mouth, my clothes half off, my hair mussed, I could practically smell myself as my wetness increased. On top of that here was my handsome, masculine, alpha husband who basically agreed to be a submissive cuckold.

Mark tensed up and started to get up.

I said, "don't worry. he wants to watch and do what he is told. Isn't that right honey?"

He looked down and just said yes. 

Getting into dom mode, I said, "yes, what?"

He immediately picked up on how we would play it and said, "I'm sorry, yes mistress". 

As I stroked and licked mark's massive cock I told him that my husband would do as he was told. Mark smiled and said good. He liked it when the husband's were docile. I guess he had done stuff like this before. Later, we wondered if we knew any other couples he had been with. Kind of a turn on in its own right.

He told my husband to strip and get on his knees. As I mentioned at the start. My husband and I are very fit. He does cross fit. He is lean and muscular. 6'2" and about 195. Solid. To watch him strip down and drop to his knees as ordered by this teenager who, other than his huge cock would not be considered particularly hot, turned me on even more. 

My husband is bi. Most times we had played with other guys he was more of a top, even dom. I had seen him with a cock in his mouth a few times. Usually when both of us were working a guy. watching him watching me with this piece of meat in my hands with a look of desire and lust on his face, I knew he wanted it. Mark could see it too.

He said, "do you want it in your mouth?"

My husband quietly said yes.

As I had before Mark said, "yes, what?"

My husband stammered "yes, sir".

Mark directed him to crawl over and start sucking. He did, we both sucked and licked his shaft, licked his balls. Huge turn on. Mark pulled me up on the couch with him. I sat there with him stroking my breasts and watched my husband go to work on his cock. It was amazing how much of Mark's cock he could force down his throat. He made him gag on it. 

Eventually he said he was ready to cum and asked if I wanted to see him cum in my husband's mouth. My husband had never had someone cum in his mouth. I didn't know what to say. I wanted to see it but not if my husband didn't want to do it. I didn't want to force him to do it despite the role play.

Mark looked at him and said, "do you want it?".

To my amazement he said yes!

Then Mark said, "if you want my cum you'll have to beg for it".

My husband asked him to please let him take his cum, to please shoot it into his mouth, etc. Mark started to pump into his mouth and as he started to shoot my husband's eyes grew wide and I could see him swallowing several times. My friend had told me that Mark came more than she had every seen. Here was my husband talking a massive load down his throat with some spilling out of his lips and down his chin. Mark pulled out and shot the last few on his face. I was turned on but felt bad for my now humiliated husband. I got down with him and kissed him, licked his face clean.

Mark gave us a minute but then pulled me up and told me to get on all fours on the bed. Its a position I like but I rarely cum that way. But I did as I was told. Mark put me facing the edge of the bed and told my husband to kneel in front of me so he could watch as he put his cock in me.

I was really nervous. I had never had anything close to that big. He pushed his cock against the entrance to my vagina. It felt huge, like it would never fit. But he knew what he was doing he would push in a little bit and then pull back getting a little more in each time. I felt like I was being split in two. pretty soon I felt like I had opened up. He slipped the rest of the way in easily.

It was amazing. I had never been so full or been taken so deeply. I was gripping my husband hands and looking in his eyes. He had a look of both lust and shame. I was looking deep in his eyes as a came while being mounted from behind. He had never made me cum that way.

Mark told him to get up so he could watch his massive cock stroke in and out. Mark made him tongue my ass hole while he fucked me. It was amazing. My husband drove his tongue in me. I came again.

Mark instructed him to get underneath me in a 69 position. He did it. Later he told me it was very hot watching Mark fuck me in this postion. When Mark finally came again he pulled out and told me to sit bak on my husband's face. I could feel the cum flowing out ofme as my husband lapped it up.

Mark was insatiable. He stayed hard and had me ride him. My husband was rock hard and started to stroke himself. Mark told him to stop. Told him if he wanted to cum he would have to beg. He begged him to cum. Mark asked him if he was his bitch. He stammered that yes, he was Mark's bitch. Again, I could see how humiliated he was but also how turned on he was.

He told my husband he could jerk off on my face. He stood up and stroked his load onto my face as I came again. Mark came soon after. My husband ate it out of me.

We were a little worried about being away from the party so we left. The three of us went back to our house where Mark used us all night. We kept up this relationship for several months until we decided it was too extreme. We did have several months of hot times though.