 "Suck my cock." Dave whispered into her ear, his hot breath sending a shiver down her spine.

"Go to sleep." Jackie giggled and she lay beside him in the crowded room, her head on his bare chest.

"Go on, put it in your mouth." Dave urged before slowly licking around her ear.

"Not here, for God's sake just go to sleep." The room was pitch black, neither could even see the other just inches away, but around the room people slept drunkenly, the sound of snoring echoing softly around the room.

The house warming had been a great idea and a real success. Tom, Dave's best friend from university had been the first to get a place and it was the first time most of them had hooked back up after graduation, almost six months ago.

The party had started as soon as the first people arrived and the cork popped on the first bottle at half past two the previous afternoon. It was now almost four in the morning and the floor was strewn with sleeping bags and duvets where people had just crashed out wherever they had fallen.

"Go on. I dare you." He whispered, running his fingers through Jackie's long brown hair and pushing her head gently down.

Jackie groaned slightly. Dave knew she'd never refuse a dare. It had got them into some very tricky situations at university. The night they'd fucked on the pool table in his Halls of Residence and fled out of one door just as a group of lads came in through the other. Or the night in the shower block -- when they had actually been caught -- when what had started as a two had ended in a three. That had been a fun night!

Jackie peered into the darkness, but it was total. She ran her nails slowly down Dave's bare chest and heard his gasp as she wriggled her long fingers beneath the waistband of his boxer shorts.

Rolling over onto her side, she slowly wrapped her fingers around his thick and rigid cock. Sliding her fingers down his shaft from the top down, she stroked him as gently and as teasingly as she could until she felt him begin to push his hips up towards her hand, urging her to grip him more tightly.

Jackie looked around the room again, but still not being able to make out a single shape, she ducked below the duvet and painstakingly planted kisses down his chest, sinking further down passed his navel and eventually to the waistband of his boxers.

It was stifling beneath the duvet, but she was completely hidden and totally oblivious to anything going on around her.

Jackie licked around Dave's bulbous helmet, smearing a drop of familiar sticky liquid around and tasting his excitement first hand.

Running her tongue along the length of his shaft from his balls to his tip, she felt him twitch in anticipation and as he pushed his hips up towards her, she sank down until she could feel his girth pushing into the back of her mouth.

Dave immediately bucked his hips and she gagged, her cough muffled beneath the heavy duvet.

Jackie teased him further, sucking his balls one at a time, sucking them like sweets, then running her tongue all over his scrotum, before slowly drawing her wet tongue all the way up his shaft from the root to the tip.

This time, when she enveloped his cock, she felt his hand snare into her hair and he pushed her deeper. Jackie wrapped her long fingers around him, constantly working his shaft with her tongue as she bobbed up and down beneath the covers.

Up above, Dave desperately tried to stop himself from gasping out loud as her tongue tickled and teased him, but he also worked to control his rising orgasm, keen to make the most of this (almost) public display.

Confident that no one could see them and frankly, not really caring if they could, Dave pushed the duvet back a little so Jackie's head was barely covered, giving her a very welcome waft of cool, fresh air.

Dave still could not even see an outline of his girlfriend, but with her head now almost uncovered, he could hear the unmistakable soft suck and slurp as she ate his cock in a roomful of people.

As his ears tuned in to the surroundings, he also realised he could hear the soft and suffocated high pitched moan of a woman's rising pleasure and wondered who else was taking advantage of the blackness.

Jackie, grateful of the sudden supply of fresh air, continued to work Dave's cock around her mouth, until movement in the room caused her to pause briefly until she realised she no longer cared if anyone could see her, in fact the buzz of being watched just made her pulse race faster. But when she felt someone slip under the duvet behind her, she flinched instinctively away from their touch, until their fingers brushed along her neck and she groaned with a rising lust.

Hot hands immediately slid down her nightshirt, found the hem and pushed it up around her waist. Fingers began to knead her buttocks, creeping constantly down towards the top of her legs and when they met no resistance, she felt a finger first brush along her pussy, then as she pulled her legs apart it slid easily inside her. She moaned as a second one slid home and began to expertly work around the walls of her pussy.

Totally unaware of who was doing this to her, but eager for it not to stop, she threw the duvet off and knelt up to give her better access to Dave and so that she was totally exposed for whatever the unexpected newcomer had in mind.

With her arse pointing in the air and her legs apart, the fingers immediately withdrew and she felt a hot, wet tongue trace lightly along the folds of her pussy. She pushed her hips back to encourage him further as his tongue probed and searched her folds until it found her button.

She moaned, loud enough for the room to hear, but as yet, it seemed largely to still be filled with the soft snores of drunken sleep.

As the tongue worked inside her, she was unable to resist the temptation and crawled back up Dave's body and planted a kiss on his lips.

"Someone is licking my pussy whilst I'm sucking your cock." She purred into his ear, before licking her way back down his chest, until she found his pole, pointing at the ceiling.

She licked along his shaft again from the base upwards, then sank her lips down his over his tip.

Reaching between her legs, she grabbed hold of the strangers chin and pulled him deeper into her willing cunt. In response she felt him suck greedily on her pussy lips, pulling them completely into his mouth and working his tongue around until she came and every nerve ending in her pussy exploded.

She stifled her excitement by swallowing as much of Dave's cock as she could, but still her gasps of pleasure escaped her lips.

Having got so far unchallenged, the tongue was quickly replaced with a rock hard cock head. It was rubbed up and down her soaking lips a few times to lubricate the tip, then pushed easily inside her exposed cunt.

She gasped as he penetrated her, rapidly filling her up with his fat cock until his wiry pubic hair tickled her skin. He grabbed her hips and drove rapidly inside her, seemingly keen to have his pleasure before she changed her mind or he was caught. She wondered if he knew who he was fucking. It was still pitch black to her and she couldn't see a thing -- which she'd assumed to be the case for everyone.

Each time he drove himself inside her, she was pushed deeper onto Dave, his thrusting hips serving only to ensure his cock filled the back of her throat with every thrust. As the stranger fucked her, she could no longer hide her pleasure and she grunted each time he drove forward.

The pop of a switch turned on a lamp and washed the room in a soft, pale glow. Across the room, Jackie saw another girl greedily sucking a cock, but she jumped off and dived back under cover hiding her body from the rest of the room. She rolled over and her eyes met Jackie's. The look of distaste on her face was matched only by the look of lust of her boyfriend's as he watched Jackie being fucked on all fours, whilst she stuffed Dave's cock hungrily down her throat.

All around her couples still slept, but others watched her with a mix of disgust -- mainly from the other women - and jealousy.

She looked up at Dave who smiled back, he too could not take his eyes of her. Instead he, moved to kneel in front of her so he could hold her head and fuck her face as deeply as the guy behind her was taking her pussy.

The change of position seemed to spur them both on and as her pussy was fucked in rapid, deep strokes, Dave entwined her hair in his hands and used it to pull her lips deeper down his shaft.

The guy behind her came first. With a grunt, he pulled his cock -- courteously, she thought - from her dripping snatch and she felt hot cum splash up her back and across her buttocks before he wiped the final drop across her puckered ring, sending a shiver of lust down her spine.

She heard him move away and concentrated on pushing Dave over the edge, eager to taste his seed.

A second pair of hands on her hips made her jump, but before she had time to assess the situation, another cock was pushed forcefully into her cunt.

As the new team established a steady rhythm, Jackie felt Dave's cock grow harder in the mouth and he bucked his hips towards her more forcefully. She readied herself for his orgasm and wrapped her fist around the base of his shaft, pumping it hard.

He came with a grunt and his semen squirted into her mouth, coating her cheeks and tongue. She gulped the first volley down then held the second one, rolling it around her mouth.

Mission accomplished Dave collapsed onto the carpet and she had full view of the girl in the corner, still watching her with a look of disgust, but - Jackie noted - still watching her.

She peered back over her shoulder to see who was using her cunt for their play thing. It was one of Tom's new friends from work, someone she wasn't even sure if she had spoken to. He winked back at her and ran his thumb over her arse.

As he fucked her he gradually pushed his thumb harder and harder against her ring until it popped inside to the first knuckle. As he worked away inside, Jackie's lust was pushed to new levels and when another orgasm burst inside her, she buried her head in the duvet to stifle her cries.

The guy behind her gasped and thrust hard and so deep, she felt as if he would split her in two, then he too, whipped his cock out of her cunt.

This time, with only one cock to concentrate on, she spun around to catch his load. As he pumped his cock in his hand, she pulled her nightshirt off over her head and knelt before him naked, grabbed her firm tits and pushed them together. Taking the hint, he stepped closer to her and the first thread of jizz leapt from his cock and hit her neck. With his aim established, he grunted as his orgasm took hold and came all over her tits, standing and watching her once his orgasm was done, as she rubbed his sticky seed into her glistening skin.

She looked around the room, her audience had grown, but disappointingly still several people slept. There were only two other girls in the room and both of them watched her every move.

Jackie crawled across the carpet on her hands and knees, fresh semen drying on her back and coating her chest. When she reached the girl, who until the light had come on, had been eagerly pleasuring her now disappointed boyfriend, she ran her finger over her chest and scooped up some cum from her tits and sucked her finger clean. She bent over and kissed the girl firmly on the lips and when she opened her mouth, more in shock than desire, she thrust her tongue into her mouth. On breaking the kiss, Jackie bent close to her ear.

"Are you going to finish the poor lad off or do you want me to do it for you?" She panted before drawing away to see her reaction.

Their eyes met and they held each other's gaze, and after a few seconds, Jackie pulled the duvet off the girl's partner and exposed his still rigid cock to the room. Sensing that Jackie would be true to her word, she broke eye contact and slid back down her boyfriend's body to take care of his raging erection.

Apart from Dave, who still watched her in fascination, there were two other sets of male eyes on her, neither belonging to anyone she knew, or who had a partner - lying beside them at least.

Jackie crawled into the centre of the room between the two lads and stopped, kneeling on all fours. She glanced between the two of them seeing if either of them would make the move.

Moments passed and Jackie began to wonder if she would be able to tempt either of them, then one of them unzipped his sleeping bag and rolled out of it towards her.

Kneeling before her, his boxer shorts already a tent, he unbuttoned the fly and pushed his dick in her face.

It was red, angry and swollen and she wrapped her fingers around it, feeling its hardness. She peered around his hips to where the second man lay and beckoned him over. He was out of his sleeping bag in a flash and kneeling beside his friend.

Jackie took a cock in each hand and slowly began to rub them both in unison, licking one and then the other, teasing and tasting each new cock. When she was satisfied they were both hard and ready for action, she motioned for one of them to lay down.

Straddling him, she lowered herself all the way down his cock until she could feel his balls squashing against her flesh, then just rocked back and forth, rolling her hips to work his dick whilst keeping almost all of it inside her all the time.

Her second charge stood astride the first one's shoulders and guided his cock between her lips, immediately holding her head in place so he could push himself as deep inside her as he wanted to.

Jackie glanced around the room. The other two couples were now hard at it as well, both girls she noticed, being ridden doggie-style so they could all watch her debauchery unfold.

She could already taste glutinous threads of pre-cum on her tongue and cupped the man's balls, gently squeezing them to draw his fluid higher. She wondered briefly if he had been playing with himself as he watched her get double-teamed, but that thought was cut short as he started to fuck her face, holding her head and driving his cock between her lips.

Jackie gagged and gasped around his shaft, snatching a breath whenever he withdrew enough to let her. He grunted like an animal in his hurry to reach his climax and when he did, he pulled his cock out of her mouth and spat his jizz all over her face.

He held her head tightly to stop her squirming away and when his orgasm finally relented, he looked down at her cum splattered face and slapped her with his softening cock, before leaving her to concentrate on her one remaining suitor.

As she rode his cock she knew that Dave was directly behind her, presumably still watching from beneath his duvet. Supporting her weight on one hand, she reached around and started to play with her ring, slipping her little finger inside her arse, pushing it in and out, revelling in the extra sensation. After a moment she peered over her shoulder and smiled at Dave, his eyes burning holes in her back.

"Fuck my arsehole." She mouthed silently, then turned her attention back to the man she had pinned to the floor.

She shivered with excitement as Dave's hands grasped hold of her hips and she leant forward, pointing her buttocks towards him, making herself the meat in her man-sandwich.

Immediately, Dave's fingers caressed and pressed against her arsehole, already moist with a mixture of pussy cream and semen. Dave slipped his finger inside her and she gripped it as tightly as she could as he tried to work it around and loosen her up.

He replaced his finger with a thumb, then with two fingers as he slowly loosened her puckered ring in readiness for his dick.

With her head swimming, Jackie looked around the room at the two other couples fucking away. She smiled at the girl who still watched her with disgust and although she turned away, as soon as Jackie dropped her gaze, she knew that she turned back to watch her.

She felt Dave's helmet nuzzle gently against her ring and she stopped rocking back and forth to give him the chance to slowly impale her.

With slow insistence Dave pressed harder and harder, but with her pussy already stuffed he was struggling to find the room.

Dave stood and moved away, walking quickly towards where one of the girls was being fucked in the corner, he quickly knelt down in front of her. Before she had quite realised what was happening, he bunched her hair into two pigtails and pulled them sharply towards him. As she opened her mouth to cry out he slipped his cock inside, thrusting forward until it disappeared completely.

The girl thrashed around wildly, suddenly the new unwilling star in the public spit-roast, but her boyfriend held on tightly like a cowboy and rode her hard until the whole room could hear his balls slapping against her legs.

Satisfied that his cock was wet and slick Dave pulled it from her mouth with a pop and returned to Jackie. This time when he pushed his cock against her ring, it stretched for a few seconds before it eased inside, his shaft rapidly following his fat tip. 

Dave looked across at the girl. She wore a mask of shock and lust. Not quite believing what he had done, but not quite wanting it to stop now that it had.

"Jesus, you're fucking my arse." Jackie panted as she pushed gently back until her ring swallowed all of his cock. She resumed the rocking motion she'd had when there was just one, but now she was full to bursting, the two cocks almost rubbing together inside her, separated only by the thinnest layer of skin.

She gripped them both as tightly as possible. The guy beneath her pushed his hips up to meet her thrusts, whilst behind her, Dave gripped her tightly and slid his long cock effortlessly into her arsehole, using his length to make his strokes as long and fulfilling as possible.

"Oh fuck, that feels so good." Jackie whined. She had turned to look at the other two girls, revelling in the attention she was getting. "His cock feels so big. You should try it."

The two guys managed to develop a clumsy rhythm between them with one pushing in whilst the other pulled out. The result was that Jackie was full all the time, rather than very full then almost empty as she had been when she had tried to control the pace.

"Oh shit. Oh shit, I'm cumming." She wailed suddenly and Dave increased the pace, driving his cock into her arse with deep, rapid thrusts. Jackie came with a shudder, her body exploding in pleasure and shaking from head to foot. Her pussy contracted spasmodically, gripping both the cocks tightly, milking them both closer and closer to their peaks.

"Cum on me." She demanded tearing herself away from their cocks and squeezing her tits together as the two lads knelt either side of her pumping their cocks in their fists. The stranger came first and leant over her as his cock exploded, spraying her hair and face with his white seed. When his orgasm finally subsided, he wiped the final drop of cum across her lips and rolled onto the floor away from her.

Dave beat his cock hard, then walked on his knees to where the final couple where approaching their climaxes and again stuffed his cock into the girl's mouth. Holding her hair again, he fucked her face in deep strokes, feeling her cough and gag each time he thrust himself home. She struggled and tried to pull away from him, but at the moment her boyfriend came, she was pinned securely between the two thrusting cocks that threatened to meet in the middle as they both fucked her with boundless energy.

As her boyfriend's orgasm subsided and his grip on her relaxed, Dave made his escape just in time. Tempted though he was to give the girl a facial, he turned away and came all over Jackie's lips and nose instead.

Dave stared down at her filthy cum slathered body. The latest two fresh servings plastered her face, neck and hair whilst her tits and stomach still glistened from the earlier loads and the first one dried to a crust on her back and buttocks.
