 I have been happily married for 13 years now. My wife and I, like most other couples have had our ups and downs over the years. It just so happens we are on one of our downs now. I am not really sure how it all got started but the end result was me getting thrown out. I don't resent her for it, sometimes some time apart is good to regroup then rekindle your love. But during my time away I began a new chapter in my life. I only hope she can accept it and go along with it.

So our fight started about a week ago and within two days she told me not to come home. I was not sure what to do. I couldn't really afford a hotel, or another apartment. I just happened to be in a common area at work when my wife had called and told me not to come home. My friend Mitch just happened to see my face and ask what was wrong. 

I explained the fight and how I had been thrown out. He didn't even blink an eye, just offered me to stay at his house with him and his wife Jeanie. I asked if he was sure it would be ok with Jeanie, or did he want to check with her before I just came home with him. He agreed that it would be prudent to check. 

About an hour later Mitch found me and said he had cleared it with his wife for me to stay. They are older than I am; their kids are grown and gone. So they are always having parties and inviting people over, I think it is so Jeanie can ignore the empty nest. 

After work I drove over to Mitch's house and waited a few minutes for him to arrive before I got out of the truck. 

"Why didn't you go in?" Mitch asked. 

I replied that I didn't think that it was right that I be here when he wasn't. 

"Well you better get over it; I will be on second shift starting on Thursday" he stated. 

I guess I was just being silly. We went in the house to find Jeanie waiting. She hugged and kissed Mitch, and to my surprise and shock she then came and hugged me then kissed me right on the lips. I didn't say anything, I just kind of shook it off and we went about our evening. Now I think I should take a moment to describe my hosts. Mitch is 48; about five foot eight inches tall, medium build, and Chinese/American. Jeanie is 46 about five foot two inches tall and kind of thick, with great curves. She is fairly attractive and has a sweet motherly demeanor. I believe she is of French heritage. 

It was a fairly uneventful evening, we had a great dinner Jeanie had prepared, and when they sat down to watch television, I went and called home. No need to go in to details but it ended with a shouting match. I returned to the living room to try to calm down. Mitch was in his recliner, and Jeanie was on a small love seat. They didn't have any other furniture, so I sat on the love seat. It was just a little cozy. Around ten I decided I was tired, and asked where I would be sleeping. 

"Oh, I forgot to show you." Jeanie said. 

She jumped up off the love seat, and grabbed my hand, like a school girl, and I could barely say good night to Mitch before I was dragged up the stairs to the guest room. I could tell she had made up the bed and had done a warp speed cleaning of the room as it smelled of cleaners. Jeanie went immediately to the window and opened it. 

"There is usually a good breeze from the bay at night." she said. 

I thanked her again for here hospitality. She said to think nothing of it. Then again she shocked me. 

"You should take your clothes off so I can wash them for morning. I will be back to get them in a minute." 

She walked out of the room and down the hall to the bathroom. I stood there awkwardly not sure what to do, as I had no other clothes or pajamas. In an instant she was back. 

"Why haven't you taken you clothes off?" she asked. 

I squirmed uncomfortably not sure what to say. 

"I have seen it all before, I am the mother of grown son's you know." she said. Very politely I replied, "Yes ma'am, but I am not one of them." 

She didn't skip a beat, "I will turn away, and just hand them to me as you take them off." 

She turned away, and I began removing my clothes. I handed here everything except the underwear and began moving to the bed. 

"What about the underwear?" she asked. 

I wasn't sure how to reply, so I reluctantly took them off and dashed for the bed and under the covers. Jeanie walked to the door and turned back with a smile. 

"Good night." she said. 

In the brief instant before she shut the door I made a couple of observations. Her cheeks were red, her smile was coy, her nipples were rock hard, and I can't be sure but there seemed to be a small wet spot in the crotch of here gray yoga pants. Of course I could have imagined all that, except for one thing I just realized. On the dresser against the wall she was facing whilst I had undressed was an enormous mirror. Oops. I guess I have to be more observant. I also told myself I had to go home for cloths and toiletries tomorrow. 

I fell asleep quickly with the breeze in from the window. It was a restless sleep plagued with strange dreams. I awoke with a start. It was very dark; I turned and looked at the clock. Midnight. It was then that I noticed my bladder was full, I got out of bed and again was confronted with the fact I was totally bear assed. I didn't turn the light on and quietly inched the door open. 

All the lights were out except for a night light in the outlet by the bathroom door at the end of the hall. I stealthily made my way down the hall on high alert. I did notice that the door to the left was ajar about 4 inches and I could see a small light on in side. I continued to the bathroom and relieved myself. 

I was on my way back to my room, just passing the slightly open door, when I heard a soft moan then heavy breathing. I couldn't stop myself but gazed in. The sight I saw was unexpected. Mitch was on his back naked and Jeanie was riding him in reverse cow girl position. 

It was pretty hot, I guess I was watching longer than expected, because I was hard as a rock and I looked back and realized Jeanie was gazing at me with a smile and then let out a moan and said " Oh god, I'm Cumming! " 

I quickly sunk in to the shadows and made my way to the guest room.I had a hard time getting back to sleep. I was dreading having to face them in the morning. How was I going to explain my way out of this? Sleep eventually came, and only too soon I awoke to a light knock on the door. 

Jeanie came in. She walked over with a coffee in one hand and my clothes all cleaned, dried and folded in the other. 

"Good morning sleepy head." she said with a smile. 

"Good morning." I said with a little apprehension. 

"I left you a bar of soap, shampoo, and a tooth brush on the counter of the bathroom." She said still smiling. 

"Thanks." I said awkwardly. 

She then moved to the door, and before she left she turned, with a little pink color on her cheeks. 

"Be careful of the stairs at night when you sleep walk." she said. 

With a wink she was gone. I got up and scurried to the bathroom with my clothes. I did my bathroom routine in record time, and was surprised to find a full breakfast set out on the table when I got down stairs. I nervously sat down. But in a few moments I realized Jeanie had not told Mitch about what I viewed last night. 

"You slept like a rock last night," Mitch said. "you were snoring like crazy before I went to bed." "I was afraid you would rattle the place down. "He said with a chuckle. 

My day was uneventful. I went home after and got clothes and toiletries. We tried to talk but it ended as expected, with yelling and me leaving. I went back to Mitch and Jeanie's house. Things were normal and the next two days went without anything to report. 

Thursday Mitch started working second shift. I was a little apprehensive about being alone with Jeanie. But it seemed fine. We talked and watched television. I went to bed and slept well. 

After work on Friday I went and purchase some groceries and was scolded for doing so by Jeanie. But I knew by her smile that it was ok. 

I was able to call home and we were able to talk almost civilized. I hoped to talk this out and be home by early next week. When I was done I went in and sat to watch television. Jeanie suggested a movie and we began watching it. I was shocked at her selection as it was a guy movie with lots of "tits and ass." I can't lie; I was getting a little horny. We were mostly through the movie when Jeanie asked, "do you want some ice cream?" 

"Sure" I said. 

She hit pause on the movie and jumped up to get it. I began to stand, but she said to sit. As I waited I observed that it was ten and Mitch would be home just after eleven thirty. Jeanie returned with two bowls and handed me one. 

"Enjoy" she said. 

I was just like Cold Stone Creamery; she had mixed in all the toppings. It was delicious, and before long I had made a pig of myself, as I had eaten it so fast. Jeanie smiled, and we continued to watch the movie. 

It seemed only a short while later I was dozing off and Jeanie suggested I go to bed. It was then I realized how horny I was. My cock was rock hard. In order to not embarrass myself I swiftly moved to the kitchen to put my bowl in the sink and called goodnight as I went up the stairs. I had a hard time staying awake as I got undressed, and decided to sleep naked as my cock was still hard as hell and the underwear was being constrictive. It seemed I was unconscious the minute my head hit the pillow. 

I regained some consciousness but was still out of it. I was looking at the clock and a candle burning. It was eleven twenty. I was confused. My bed was moving. It felt hard to move, but I turned my head and being so groggy I was shocked to see Jeanie naked furiously riding my hard cock. I had to be dreaming. 

As if on cue, she said "It's just a good dream, be still." 

She had amazingly large tits that were swinging wildly. With the added visual stimulation it wasn't long before I felt the sensation deep in my balls just before I came. It felt like I filled her with buckets of cum. She just moaned as I did it. She slowed her ride to a stop and waited until I stopped spewing. She eased herself off my still rock hard dick, which had no intention of wilting, and moved quickly to straddle my face. 

"You have a mess to clean up, now start licking." she said. 

It seemed as though I was not in control of my body, because I just began to lick. It was a salty musky taste, but not bad. She began pushing and before I knew it my mouth was filled with a mixture of cum and here fluids. I had to swallow or I would suffocate. It was not very long before she began to moan loudly and then came about two cups of fluid that I also swallowed. She moved here hips to rub her pussy all over my face. She then eased off my face, down my torso and back on to my still raging hard on. 

"Now we will make a nice cream pie for Mitch to eat when he gets home." 

That's just what she did. She road me furiously again until I felt that sensation in my balls, then I filled here with cum again. She slowed her ride until she finally just climbed off. She held a hand to her crotch as she stood, then she quietly bent over me and whispered; 

"This is just a good sex dream, it didn't really happen, sleep well lover." 

With that she blew out the candle and before she had closed the door I was unconscious.

I awoke very groggy in the morning, or should I say afternoon. I came down at about noon and was greeted with a round of smiles and a hearty "good afternoon." I just smiled impishly but said nothing. Jeanie arose and asked it I wanted a sandwich? I nodded my head and just sat there in a daze. I had had very vivid sexual dreams about her last night. I only hope I could act normal. 

Jeanie returned with a cup of coffee and a ham sandwich. She reached out and lovingly ran her hand down the side of my face and she said, "is there anything else you want, sweetheart?" 

I was taken aback but regained my composure rapidly and looked her in the eyes. There seemed to be something there, it was affection, maybe even love. It only last a moment, as she turned and began cleaning the kitchen. 

After I ate I excused myself for a shower and then I left to go home and get my son. We spent a great day fishing together. We caught lots of fish, but like always we threw them back. When I brought him home I was able to sit down with my wife and talk. We made good progress, but she said she needed a few more days to calm down. I was ok with that. I kissed my boy goodbye, and even got a reserved kiss from my wife before I left. 

When I returned to Mitch and Jeanie's house I found them out on the patio. It looked as though they had been playing tennis. Mitch had shorts and a polo shirt on, and Jeanie was wearing a tennis skirt, shoes, and a V neck sweater with white under shirt. She looked very attractive. She was laid out with here shapely legs crossed on a chaise lounge. They both greeted me and offered me a seat. I sat down across from them. 

I felt as though I owed them a nice dinner for there hospitality. So I suggested that we go out so I could show them my appreciation. They agreed and suggested the local beach club. With that settled I began to rise, as did they. It was then, being a man I glanced at her legs again as she spread them, and was astonished to see her bald pussy. I glanced up to see her smile coyly at me and sit for a moment longer than necessary to ensure I got a good look before she got up. 

Mitch oblivious, walked past into the house. I stood slightly red faced as Jeanie walked past and again stroked my face saying, "Why are you so flustered?" 

With that hanging in the air, she went in the house with me following. I think she was having fun making me squirm. No sooner did I get in the house. I had to stop short because she had bent over at the waist to pick up the dogs water dish. she remained that way just a few moments too long to ensure I had a good view of her shapely ass and pussy. When she moved I swiftly moved past with a smile and up to take a quick shower so I didn't smell like an old fish. 

I was in the middle of my shower when I heard the bathroom door open. 

"I brought you some nice clothes to wear." Jeanie said. "How did things go with your wife?" 

I was feeling a little uncomfortable as they have unfrosted glass doors on the shower. I stood facing the wall and replied, " I think we are making progress, I hope to not be intruding on your hospitality by early next week." 

"Your not any trouble at all, we have enjoyed having you here." she said as she was doing her makeup in the mirror. 

I was beginning to think she really liked to see me naked as she was always there in the most awkward moments when I was nude. On the other hand I believe she likes this game of she sees me and I see her. I know I should not have but I just resumed my normal shower to afford her a good view. I could tell she had a good view by the twin points of her tits standing straight out. I finished up and without hesitation got out, unbashful, and said, "can you pass me that towel." 

She became very red in the face, but recovered, and passed me the towel. I began drying my hair, to afford her a good view which she took before she turned to leave. I was able to glimpse the small trickle of wetness running down her inner thigh before she closed the door. I had won that round.

Mitch drove us to the beach club. It was a nice place. I sat across from them at the table. We ate well, having sea food, and white wine. Actually we had a lot of wine. I was feeling a bit tipsy. 

I dropped my dessert spoon on the floor, and when I bent down to retrieve it from under the table I instinctively looked up and sure enough Jeanie had her legs parted and was still not wearing panties. Throwing caution to the wind I reached over and rubbed her clit up and down with my thumb until she was free flowing down her thighs. I then came back up to a seated position with my spoon. 

Jeanie was staring at me with a look of shock and desire. It was then that the waitress came with the check. I gave here my credit card. She was back in a flash and I signed for the check. Mitch stood and said he had to break a fifty to leave the tip, and made his way to the bar. I turned to look Jeanie in the eyes. 

"You are a naughty man." she said in low tones. "I will make you pay for that." 

When we got home, we all collapsed in the living room to watch television. Per usual Mitch was in his recliner, and I had to share the love seat. It wasn't long before Jeanie arose and said "I'm going to get ice cream, you guys want any?" 

Mitch just nodded, and Jeanie looked at me and said matter of factly, "You will have some too!" 

She whisked away and after a few moments she came back with a bowl for each of us. I ate slower this time. But just like before I began to become drowsy shortly after I ate. I was in and out but I was sure she had drugged me. 

To my shock they began talking aloud, "Did you do it to him again?" 

"Yes, she replied, It seems one Ambien and one Viagra will make him do anything." 

"Do you think he suspects what is going on?" Mitch asked. "I think he suspects about last night, and he has been returning my flirts all evening." "He also rubbed my clit under the table at the restaurant." 

"No he didn't!" Mitch exclaimed. 

She nodded. 

"Dirty fucker, he is going pay for that! Mitch said, "Lets get him upstairs."

With that I lost consciousness again. When I sort of woke, my clothes were being stripped off me. My room was dark again, except for a few candles and the digital clock light. I turned my head down to a sight I didn't expect. 

I was naked again, hard as a rock, and to my shock, Mitch was stroking my penis. Just then Jeanie straddled my face, facing the wall and said, "It's just a dream, now eat." 

I began licking and playing with her clit. She moaned loudly. That's when I felt the change, Mitch was sucking my dick. 

I have to take a side bar at this moment to say I have never thought of my self as gay, bi-curious maybe, but not gay. But it felt great. 

It was mere moments before I filled his belly with cum. Jeanie climbed off my face in time for me to vaguely see Mitch get up and wipe some cum from his chin and back in his mouth. 

"Wow, that's a lot of cum." Mitch said. 

Jeanie moved to straddle my crotch and as she had slipped me a Viagra, my cock was still throbbing hard. She then slowly impaled herself with my dick. She started out slow, then began to ride me wildly with her head back and a moan of ecstasy emanating from her lips. 

Mitch, not to be left out, crawled up to my chest and began to rub his semi hard cock on my lips. He had a large dick for an Asian, it was uncut and a fat eight inches long. I tried to resist, but I submitted and took him in my mouth. He tasted musky and I could feel him swell as I began to suck and run my tongue along the base of his cock. 

It wasn't long before he was at full erection with his head almost completely beyond the foreskin. I could taste his precum. I became so aroused, I really got into it and even though my body was feeling the affects of the Ambien, I reached up and began to stroke him and fondle his balls as I sucked. 

Jeanie meanwhile, was having multiple orgasms whilst she was riding my dick. I could feel her pussy in a constant state of quiver, and unmistakably clench just before I would feel her hot wet juices splash down my thighs. I knew I wasn't going to hold out long with all the stimulation. 

Mitch as well was moaning, and before I was aware what was happening, his cock became very ridged and swelled. Then he blasted off in my mouth. I attempted to pull him out but he pushed in deeper and I could feel his forceful shots of cum hitting the back of my throat. All I could do was swallow. He was hot and salty and had a sweet almost pineapple taste. 
