 When Jerry and I arrived Val gave me a raised eyebrow and shrug so as soon as he had a chance I cornered Jerry and told him Val's response. Jerry went off into the kitchen to talk to Jan and Val walked over to me.

"You have something for me later, sweetheart?" She asked as she reached down and caressed my cock.

"I would like to, but after twice today and the trouble with Jerry and Jan, I don't know if I can or not" I shrugged. As I looked at her I saw her nipples push against out against her flimsy halter top. "How is Jan? Is she going to be hard on Jerry?"

"No I think she'll be alright in a while, but she was upset. We talked quite a bit. But what do you mean twice?! 

I explained to Val what had happened after she had left. She listened intently and as Jerry and Jan came out of the house whispered in my ear "I want every detail tonight when we get in bed, you have me so hot I could cum with one touch."

Jerry wasn't smiling much, but he grilled the burgers and everyone visited and laughed as if nothing was going on. After things were cleaned up they all sat around the patio table, and Jerry brought out the cooler filled with beer and wine coolers. The girls excused themselves for potty call and Jerry and I sat looking at each other...

"I told Val what happened this afternoon, and by the looks of it I'm in a little better position than you," I said somewhat sadly, "I'm in for one hell of a ride tonight."

Jerry looked dejectedly and said, "That's good Stan, I'm happy for you. From what Jan said and all she would say was after dinner we would all discuss it." He opened another couple beers and gave one to Stan.

About then the girls came back and they had taken a few minutes to put on some makeup and brush their hair. Val still had her skirt and halter top on, but had brushed her hair until it shone in the evening sun. Her nipples were still erect against her halter top and I couldn't help but admire her, and think about the wild sex we would have in a few hours...but first to get this thing settled between Jerry and Jan. Jan had slipped into a long skirt and halter-top also, her light brown hair was brushed and framed her face. They sat down at the table side by side facing Stan and Jerry. Taking a long swallow of her wine cooler Jan looked at me and asked...

"So did you have fun today? Val brought this over to me." She held up the chat log.

I looked from Val to Jan to Jerry and stammered, "ah yeh I guess I did." My face was turning beet red by this time.

Looking to Jerry she asked, "I guess you had a good time too, didn't you? I didn't know you liked cock so much! You know we have a computer and you could get in a chatroom here and I could take care of your cock. Do you like cock more than my shaved pussy? And to top it off Val sucks your cock! Don't I suck you good enough?...I don't know what to do, Jerry..."

Jerry tried to talk but could only stammer...

With that Jan turned to me and reaching over pulled my zipper down and my cock out. Getting on her knees she took my flaccid tool and sucked it into her mouth...Val had a little smile on her face, Jerry just stared wide eyed and my jaw dropped...

Looking up at me Jan let the cock pop out from between her lips and said, "Damn Stan it IS uncircumcised!" With that she pulled the foreskin down and her tongue began to dance around the head, my cock growing with each lick.

Sitting back her hand maintained a steady stroke on my cock, which by now had grown to its full length the foreskin back tight on the shaft and the head getting a darker purple.

Looking over at Jerry she could see the bulge in his shorts. "Don't you even think about touching your cock you just hold onto the arms of the chair, and I guarantee you'll enjoy yourself. But this is my time."

Smiling she said to Val, "Undo the button and zipper on his shorts and let his cock lay against his belly so we can see it."

Val walked over and took his prick and noticed the head was dark purple and the veins were straining along the shaft. As she lifted his balls Jerry rose up and Val pulled his shorts down to his ankles. This provided the three of them a lewd picture of him sitting holding the chair arms, legs spread, pants around his ankles with his cock lying against his belly.

Standing up Jan pulled her skirt down so her shaved pussy was staring me right in the face, her clit erect protruding from between her lips. "Now watch closely Jerry." Stepping close to me she pushed it to my lips. Without hesitating my lips closed around it and began sucking. Jan undid her halter-top and taking my hands placed them on her breasts.

Jerry by this time was gripping the chair arms with both hands and Val was squirming in her seat watching the show. Jerry groaned audibly.

My tongue was beginning to make her legs weak and stepping back Jan sat on the edge of the table. Looking me square in the eye, "Take your clothes off and put that cock in my wet cunt!" This was the que for Val and she began slipping her clothes off.

I stripped down and before I could move to get my cock in Jan, Val stepped over and taking my cock in her hand she pulled me forward and held the tip against Jan's pussy lips. Bending over she sucked Jan's clit and let her tongue circle it...There was a groan from both me and Jerry at the same time...She moved my cockhead up and down the slit and just let the head enter Jan pussy. Lifting it up they could see her juices mixed with my precum covering the head of my cock. Opening her mouth Val took the head and let her tongue taste the mixture of juices.

Standing up Val pulled my cock deeper into Jan's pussy. Hopping up on the table facing me she lowered her pussy to Jan's open mouth. By this time I was pumping deep into Jan, my balls beginning to fill watching Jan's tongue lick my wife's sweet pussy. Val reached down and her fingers began to circle Jan's protruding clit.

Jerry could only sit and watch the scene before him...Stan's cock slamming in and out of Jan...Val jacking her off...her pussy pressed tight to Jan's mouth...

"uummmmmgggggg"...Jan moaned. Jerry could tell from the way her ass muscles were tightening she was close to cumming...

Jan's pussy muscles tightened around my cock...The sight before me increased the cum building up deep in my belly. Before me was my wife, her breasts bouncing the nipples hard the areoles tightened around them. Her pussy pressed against our neighbor's mouth. The lips spread open so the pink swollen inner lips were framed in her dark pussy hair. Jan's tongue licking her clit and gash as Val slid back and forth over it. In the chair sat Jerry his cock literally throbbing and flowing precum and glistening as it ran onto his lower belly. Looking down was my cock!!...pushing in and out of this naked pussy I had so often dreamed about...Jan's juices coating it..the clit fully erect and Val's finger and thumb holding it and jerking it off as she would my cock...The picture of all this!! The smell of sex!! I felt it begin deep in belly and flow to my balls. I didn't want this to ever end but couldn't hold it any longer...burying my cock to the hilt my balls slammed against her little puckered back hole, grabbing her ass cheeks I pulled tighter and the first load of cum traveled my shaft. Jan's scream was muffled as the first load was hot deep in her. Val pushed her pussy down into her mouth and her orgasm began, her cum flowing into her friends mouth. "Ohh yessss loverrr, swallow my cum!! Suck my clittttt!" Val moaned.

That was the catalyst for me.."Ohhhh myyy GoDDDDDDDD...AAHHRRGGGHHH" I screamed!! Holding tight to Jan I let my cock spasm and unload completely deep inside her.

I collapsed back in the patio chair, my cock limp against my balls and coated with my cum and Jan's. Looking between Jan's spread legs my cum was just beginning to flow out of her pussy, her pussy muscles still spasming, the lips dark pink, the clit head barely showing from the upper lips. I still couldn't believe I had just fucked that beautiful cunt!

Val slipped into her chair completely spent, her fingers between her legs and gently rubbing her pussy lips. Her clit hidden between her lips but still so sensitive to her light touch, it made her body jerk each time she touched it. She felt sorry for Jerry sitting there, his knuckles white from gripping the chair, his cock throbbing and precum coating the length of his cock shaft and belly. She never had seen something like this before. Glancing at Jan she wondered what was next...she knew this was Jan's "show" and by the look in her eyes this was only the beginning...

Jan couldn't believe how filled she was! When Stan began to cum she thought her insides were on fire, and it just kept blowing inside her. She could still feel his fingers pulling her ass tight to him as if he was trying to get his whole body inside her!! She could swear she could feel the foreskin moving back and forth in her pussy when he was cumming, along with the added pleasure of Val jacking her clit off! She had never felt anything so exquisite, her clit shaft was really tender from it, but her mind could only think of the future possibilities. She wondered if she spread her legs enough and her clit was really erect if she could get in a position to get it between Val's slit and against her clit. She would have to try it. 

Looking over to Jerry, he looked like he was going to burst!! His cock harder than she had ever seen, his balls filled inside his sack. Every muscle in his body tight. She remembered the chat log and wondered how erotic it would be to see Stan stroke that cock, she had only ever seen pictures of guys doing it on the Internet. Clearing her thoughts she looked over to Stan, smiling she said..."thanks that was fantastic, even better than this morning, and a couple days ago and last week and the week before that"...It took Stan a minute to comprehend what she was talking about and then he began to laugh...Jan and Val laughed with him...Jerry groaned and they all looked over to him. They had almost forgot his predicament!

Turning towards him Jan opened her legs so he was looking directly at her cunt..."Look what Stan gave me honey," she smiled, "your dinner was so good, would you like some dessert? Please don't lick my clit, it's really tender, but you sure can suck my pussy clean." She pulled his head to her naked pussy and he began sucking her clean...Motioning to Val she said, "Would you be a dear and take care of the load my man has in his balls?"

Val moved over between Jerry's legs and looking up watched his mouth tight against her lover's pussy. Her hand closed over the base of his shaft and pulling it towards her waiting mouth she enclosed her lips around it. Cupping Jerry's balls she could tell it wasn't going to be long!! His cock throbbed and his balls hung heavy against her hand. Holding the shaft she ran her tongue around the shaft and marveled in the difference of cocks...Stan's with the foreskin pulling back and forth when she sucked it and this cock of Jerry's circumcised and the pronounced knob just behind the head...her tongue circled it feeling the soft but hard sponginess of it. Pulling her mouth back she began to lick up and down the shaft then up over the head. Memorizing and enjoying each part of this strange feeling cock. Taking just the head between her lips she moved slowly over the knob and back to the tip..the precum literally ran out of his cocktip and she knew it would only be a matter of a few seconds and he would blow his cum down her throat... She thought to herself that this poor guy had suffered enough. Moving back off his cock, she looked to Jan and said, "I think he deserves this."...and lifting him up she guided his cock into Jan's open pussy lips. 

Jerry pushed into her and could feel the slipperiness of her cum filled pussy and before he could bury himself completely he began unloading his cum..."UUUUMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!"...and as he began slamming in and out of her his cum sprayed her insides. He could feel the heat of it as it flowed down his shaft, slamming into her Jan screamed and he knew she felt the heat and power of his cum which incensed him to slam harder... "OHHHH GAAAAAA" he moaned as he slammed against her. Watching this Val licked her finger and spreading his ass cheeks she pushed against his tight hole...as she buried her finger deep in him she could feel the throbbing of his cock completely emptying into Jan. Her finger went deep into his tight puckered hole and began finger fucking him. Jerry's body tightened at the strange intrusion and he felt one last burst of cum shoot deep into Jan's cunt! With her other hand she cupped his balls and gently squeezed making sure he was completely empty. "ohhhhhHHH NOOOOOOOOO!!!...ohhhhh yessssss...aaarrgggghhhh..." Jerry groaned as he emptied his balls... 

On her knees beneath him Val began to lick the underside of Jerry's cock as it began to grow limp and slip out of Jan's well-filled pussy. Val let the cock slip into her mouth and clean it...then as the cum flowed from Jan's slit her mouth covered it and she began to suck and swallow the mixed load of cum from her girlfriend. Jerry shuddered and collapsed back into his chair, his cock limp and the last remnants of cum dripping from the tip. Unconsciously he stroked his cock milking the last of cum from the flaccid shaft, and watched as Val's tongue and lips worked over his wife's well-used pussy.

I still sat in the chair, and I too stroked my cock while watching the entire happenings that had been, and was going on in front of me. My cock was semi-erect and watching this was so erotic it wouldn't raise any farther, but the feeling of the foreskin sliding back and forth over my cockhead was enjoyable.

Val helped Jan off the table and lay down next to her on the lounger. Their lips found each other and Jan took Val's face in her hands and her tongue began to search inside Val's mouth and lips. She wanted to taste what her lover had been licking from inside of her pussy. The mixture was heavenly.. her cum, my cum and Jerry's cum. Val's hand cupped her breast and her fingers began to roll the nipple slowly. Jan's body began to jerk involuntarily. Val moved slightly and lifted so her breast rubbed against Jan's. Jan fingers caressed down the slope and feeling the rigid nipple squeezed it and rubbed it against her own nipple. Val gasped and draping her leg over Jan's she pressed her slit down against her thigh and began to rub. Her lips traced around Jan's nipple along the side of her breast and down the middle of her belly, spreading Jan's legs she crawled in between them and her mouth found the opening. Cum still leaked...pressing her lips tight against her pussy Jan's fingers grabbed her lover's hair and pulled her mouth tighter to her cunt. Val's hands slid under her and holding her ass cheeks she pulled this naked pussy closer to her mouth, her tongue deep inside licking... tasting the cum. Val finished licking the last of the cum from Jan's pussy and sat back and viewed the slit before her. The pubic bone raised as if welcoming anyone to the naked slit below it...Jan's clit peeking out from the slit, all red and well satisfied...the swollen lips of her cunt soft and glistening...above this her breasts gently laying to the sides the nipples still erect in the evening coolness...her friends eyes closed and a small soft smile on her lips. Letting her finger slip into her hole she hoped that before to long she could feel cocks filling her empty pussy...

Val was the first to move and taking Jan's hand and as she helped her stand said..."We need to go in and clean up a little, we'll meet you guys in the livingroom in a few minutes."...

As the girls walked inside Jerry and I could only look at each other, our hands holding our empty pricks, and try to figure out what had just happened... 

We sat for a few minutes recovering our senses and as Jerry kicked his shorts off said..."Well guess I don't need these anymore."

I chuckled and as I got up out of the chair responded, "Nope don't think so.. let's go in and get your fireplace going it's beginning to get a little chilly..."

Grabbing another beer as we passed the kitchen Jerry got a fire going as I pulled the curtains. Sitting down on the big circular couch we sipped our beer and watched the fire crackle and pop contentedly.

I spoke up, "I never believed this morning that all this would have happened before the sun set!"

Jerry looked over at me and shook his head, "Me either! But what's with this you having Jan the past couple months?"

"I had no idea until a little while ago," I began, "I get online and will jack off or get "primed" for Val once in a while, one day I met this woman there and we got into having cybersex. I never knew who it was but she sure was hot. Now I know just how hot she really is."

"Print out the logs if you will I'd love to read them along with Jan," Jerry said...I nodded...Jerry looked over at me sitting naked and his eyes dropped down to my cock laying soft against my thigh. "This is the first time I've really seen you soft, we're about the same size hard and soft, but I've never seen the foreskin hide the cockhead."

I took my cock in my hand and opening my legs pulled the skin back over the head so Jerry could watch it slide back and forth. Although both our cocks were spent we watched each other gently stroke...

Upstairs Val and Jan were in the shower together...Val was soaping her breasts and Jan was on her knees in front of her soaping and scrubbing her friends pussy hair. "I've never noticed Val just how curly and soft your hair is, and the way it is so full and covers your slit...I love the feel of it." 

"I'm just as entranced by your shaved pussy, Jan," Val smiled, "The skin and lips are so soft."...she thought back to a few minutes ago when they had come upstairs. Jan had used a douche to clean the remaining cum from inside her and they stepped into the shower. Val soaped Jan and her hands had caressed her lover's body as the spray from the showerhead beat against their bodies. Her fingers had dropped between Jan's thighs and as she opened them Val had cleaned the inner thighs and then found the slit and watched as the shower rinsed the soap from them. She reached down her hand touching Jan's as Jan washed her love slit. "Don't rub too much Jan" she chuckled, "Remember I haven't had a cock in there yet and it sure wants filled!"

Jan stood and laughing with her friend said, "Oh yeh, I forgot, but aren't we lucky being able to have multiple orgasms! Men have to wait for another load to build up!"...Laughing they stepped out of the shower.

After getting dried off and their hair fixed Jan reached under the bed and pulled a velvet bag from under the bed. "I think the guys are drained for the time being so we may need some toys." she smiled. Still naked they started downstairs...

Jan set the bag down at the end of the couch where the guys couldn't see it and they both sat down between the guys. Sitting crossed legged their thighs opened as Stan and Jerry both just stared at the two beautiful women between them...

Jerry got up and said, "I have an idea" and walked out. He returned carrying the video camera and tripod and his 35mm. "It might be interesting to get some pictures, what do you think?"

Everyone at the same time said, "Great idea!!"

Jan moved over and sat at my feet and took my cock in her hand. "Now that things have calmed down I want to investigate this." With that using both hands she began to explore my cock. Holding the limp shaft with her fingers she used her other fingers to hold the foreskin just behind the crown and pulled it back to expose the head...Val slid down beside Jan and slipped her hand under my balls and held them, her head on my thigh she watched as Jan played with her husband's prick. 
