 My Wife and I have been married 7 1/2 years. Our sex life has always been satisfying, if not particularly adventurous, and she has always pleased me in the sack. While we have often talked about my bisexual urges, and she is comfortable with the fact that I have them, she never did seem interested in hearing too much about my sexual history. This has led me to years of secret encounters in the peep show booths in an adult bookstore of a neighboring town. 

Due to the fact that my wife never seemed to need sexual variety, I was surprised to learn last summer that she had been secretly reading and masturbating with a vibrator to my issues of a popular "letters" magazine. This led us to discuss sexual fantasies and my wife admitted a certain thrill when she read the letters about swinging and swapping. I quickly joined a swinger's website and found a couple that was interested in meeting us. I was especially excited because the husband admitted that he was Bi-curious. It turns out that this couple lived in the same town as the adult bookstore that I did my cocksucking at. Then my wife got "cold feet" about the whole thing and we decided to not follow through with it. I thought that was the end of it all and although I was disappointed, I let the other couple know we would not meet. I figured I had missed my chance, and got on with my life. 

Just two weeks ago, I was in that town to do some shopping, and as I had some time to kill, I stopped in at the bookstore to check out the glory hole action. It was a Saturday and the place was kind of busy. When I walked in I saw several guys standing around, looking at the magazines, and one male and female couple who looked familiar to me, but I could not figure out where I knew them from. Then I overheard the husband speak his wife's name, Karen. Of course! It was the couple we had been corresponding with about swinging. I recognized them from the pictures we had exchanged on the net. I must have been confused because they were in clothes. I walked up to say hello and they immediately recognized me. 

We were politely chatting when I really took a good look at Karen. Boy, her pictures didn't do her justice. She is a petite woman, probably 5 feet tall with deep brown eyes and wavy, shoulder length brown hair. Her c-cup titties looked really perky and firm, poking out at me through a tight sweater. Her shapely legs were covered in nylons sticking out from a short khaki skirt. Devon is also a good looking guy, not a model or anything, but definitely fuckable. His blond hair was cut short, not a flat top, but very short and he combed it with some kind of gel that gave it that wet look. He had blue eyes and facial features that were masculine, but still delicate. He was probably about 5'11 and 190 lbs, and he had an athletic build to him. 

We talked briefly about how disappointed we all were that my wife had decided not to try out the swinging scene. Then I told them that I was really disappointed because I found them both so attractive. We got real quiet for a second then Karen looked up at Devon. He held her gaze for a second then asked me if I was willing to go ahead without my wife. Was I!!! 

We left the store together and I followed them to their home in my car. We parked in the driveway and they waited for me and we all went in together through the garage and into the kitchen. As soon as we were in the house, Karen turned to me, grabbed the crotch of my pants and deeply kissed me, darting her tongue into my mouth while rubbing my quickly hardening cock through my pants. While she did this, I felt Devon reach around from behind Karen and grab her tits as they were pressed against my chest. We broke the kiss and Devon led Karen from the room and up the stairs by her hand while she grabbed me by the belt and pulled me along behind them. 

When we reached the bedroom, Devon released Karen's hand and then began undressing her. He pulled her sweater up over her head and exposed two of the most gorgeous tits I had ever seen. She had not even been wearing a bra, those firm tits stood up all by themselves. Her nipples were rock hard and stuck out, slightly upturned, a good half inch. Then Devon grabbed her skirt and with one yank, dropped it from around her waist exposing her stockinged legs and garter belt and the fact that she was not wearing panties. 

They both then turned to me and began removing my clothes. As Karen pulled my t-shirt up over my head, Devon unbuckled my belt and pulled my pants and boxer shorts down to my feet, allowing my already rock hard cock to spring out in all it's circumcised 7 inch glory. Karen then gently pushed me back onto the bed. While Devon removed my shoes and socks and finished taking my pants off, Karen crawled next to me on the bed and while gently stroking my cock began sucking on my nipples and kissing my chest and abs. This whole thing was so exciting and erotic that I told her she had to stop, or I was going to cum too soon. She just smiled at me then stood up and walked over to her husband.

"We don't want that, do we dear" she said as he was undressing himself.

Devon smiled at me and said "No, we definitely don't", Then he pulled his shirt off and began to undo his belt. He had already taken off his shoes. I sat up as he dropped his pants and I got my first good look at Devon's cock. It was magnificent! He was right around 7 inches long, like me, but he was a lot thicker than my cock, probably 3 inches wide at the biggest point. He was uncircumcised and the foreskin was still half-shrouding what looked like a fat head on the end of his cock.

I moaned like a wanton slut and they both giggled. 

"I guess he likes you" Karen said.

They both came over and climbed onto the bed, one on either side of me, only Karen had laid down in a 69 position to me. She looked up at me and said that I would only get to play with Devon after she was satisfied. Then she wiggled her hips at me and I got the hint.

I dove my face into her crotch and began licking and sucking the sweetest pussy I had ever tasted. Karen began sucking on my rock hard cock, but I had to stop her almost immediately and I told her I did not want to cum yet. She agreed and then straddled me lowering herself down so that her ass was on my chest and her juicy wet pussy sat on my face, and I again began to lick furiously at her engorged little clit, hoping to make her cum. Devon then stood up over us and stuck his fat cock in Karen's mouth. Soon she was moaning from my pussy licking and Devon was fucking her face vigorously, then I could feel her thighs clamp down on my head and she pulled her mouth off of Devon's cock and let out a scream.

"I'm COMMMMMING!!!!" she cried out.

And boy did she! I kept lapping at her pussy in long strokes while she had an orgasm that must have lasted for at least a full minute. She then reached down and pulled lightly on my hair until I stopped licking, and sat there panting.

"That was great she said, but I want a cock in my pussy" she said. Then with out a word she got up and spun around so that she was still straddling my head, but now she was on all fours and her face was in my crotch. Without any prompting, Devon kneeled right over my face and stuck his fat cock down into my open mouth, resting his shaved nut sack on my nose. I sucked at his cock like a cheap whore, trying to make him come in my mouth as quick as possible. I loved the feel of the foreskin and I darted my tongue all around the fat head of that cock, just playing with the sheath of skin. I was right, he had a wide fat cockhead on the end of that 7 inch fuck pole, and god was it thick. 

My jaw was already beginning to twinge from being opened so wide. Before I could really get into my cock sucking, Devon pulled that fat prick out of my mouth and began stuffing it into Karen's pussy. What a view, I leaned my head back to admire that big dick being eased into that super wet pussy mere inches from my face. When Devon was all the way in to the hilt, he sat there and held it in her pussy for a moment. I took that as my cue and began licking and sucking on his nuts as they were hanging right in front of me. He moaned loudly and began slowly sliding his cock in and out of Karen while I licked at his nuts. As he pulled farther and farther out, I began licking the exposed shaft of his cock, but soon he was fucking her too fast, so I concentrated on sucking on Karen's clit again. It was so hard and elongated that I could easily suck it into my mouth and suck and lick it. 

Soon Karen was moaning louder and louder, building herself up to orgasm after orgasm. I don't know how many times she came, but we continued this position for quite a while until my tongue was so tired I couldn't lick anymore and I laid my head back to watch the beautiful scene before me some more. Then I felt Karen's hand grasp my hard cock around the base and felt her hot mouth once again engulf the head of my throbbing cock. She began to give me the blowjob of my life, bouncing her head up and down while jerking off the base of my dick. It was wonderful.

Devon suddenly pulled his cock out of Karen's pussy and began rubbing it on my lips. I opened my mouth wide and once again was sucking on his big cock. The double sensation of this beautiful woman sucking on my cock, and this big cock fucking my face proved to be too much and in almost no time I moaned and began blasting load after load of hot cum into Karen's mouth which I could feel her swallowing. As I was just pumping my last blast into Karen's mouth, I felt Devon's cock begin to pulse in my mouth. I began sucking faster and harder, and I swallowed as much of Devon's cock into my throat as I could. I could feel his prick swell at the back of my throat and he blew a huge load of jism right down my throat which I also swallowed down every last drop of.

As we were getting dressed again, I promised to keep in touch. They also made me promise to try and talk my wife into joining us next time.