 *Trigger Warning* The following piece of art may be offensive to some people because it contains rape fantasy, which is not real. Real rape is wrong. This is for people who enjoy rape as a fantasy or role-play and is not intended to be real or to be reproduced in any way.

I didn't really see Stephen as evil, even though my friends did. Stephen was a bit nerdy, stocky, and socially awkward. I don't know what it was about him that made me find him attractive. All of my friends had warned me about him and yet I didn't listen. He was that irresistible to me and no matter how weird his behaviors, I made excuses for him and let them slide.

"He's a creep," my best friend Susie warned me.

"He makes me want to vomit," Krystal added.

"But he's cute, right?" I asked, begging them with my eyes to throw me a bone. I liked Stephen and I was crushing on him hard. I couldn't stop thinking about him.

"No!" they said collectively and with annoyance.

"Come on, you guys! Why do you hate Stephen so much?"

"He looks like the kind of guy that would chop a woman into tiny bits and sprinkle her remains in a lake to feed fish with," Krystal flipped her blonde hair over her shoulder and looked at me with a seriousness that scared me. "Stay away from him or you'll be fish food."

"Come on! No one actually does that!" I cried.

"Stephen will," Susie was laughing but there was a seriousness in her eyes as well. "This is one of those times when you should listen to your friends, Donna. We love you. We don't want to see you chopped up!" 

"Okay, fine I'll listen. But I have to go. I'm supposed to have this econ paper done by tomorrow morning."

"Good luck, Donna!" the girls kissed both of my cheeks and hugged me good-bye. It was perfect timing. Stephen was texting me. I knew that I should ignore him and work on my economics paper but I was horny and I knew that he would fuck me if I played my cards right. I hadn't told my friends that Stephen and I had already been seeing each other. They already hated him and I didn't want to make the situation worse by telling them about the things he'd already done to me.

My friends were right about one thing. Stephen was a total creep. He loved to tie me up and use me until I was begging him to stop. He loved to push me past my comfort zone but what I had failed to tell my friends was how much I loved this. I loved the rush of being made to take it, of being used and abused. Stephen was exactly what I craved and though I was ashamed of it, I couldn't resist.

"Meet me in the woods at our special place in one hour."

"I can't I have to work on my econ paper."

"I don't care what you have going on. Be there or there will be hell to pay if you aren't there," he texted. A chill spread from my spine to my extremities. I liked the way he threatened me. My pussy began to gush with wetness.

"I'll be there," I texted. My heart began to beat fast and I could tell that there was no way I was going to be able to focus on my paper. Instead, I made my way to the woods, to our special place. It was the first place Stephen had fucked me if you could call what happened sex. It was more bondage than anything. He had tied me up, fully clothed near the path that most people took to cut through the woods to get to town faster.

People I knew had walked past me, whispering and pointing. One person stopped to ask if I needed help and I declined. The thought that anyone could have stopped and taken advantage of me thrilled me. By the time Stephen had come back and untied me I was dying to be fucked. Except Stephen wouldn't fuck me.

"No one else fucked you so I'm not about to fuck you either. It's a disappointment."

"Please, Stephen! Why are you doing this?"

"I want you to understand something about me. I like my women used up. Do you get what that means?" He stared me down as he took the last of the ropes off of me.

"Yes."

"Are you willing to fuck for me?" he asked his lip curling a bit in anticipation.

"I'd do anything for you, Stephen," I admitted and the act of saying that out loud freed me. The next time I saw him he had tied me up naked, a dildo sticking out of my pussy and a ball gag in my mouth.

I wanted someone to rape me so badly, but instead, I sat there in the hot sun for hours with no takers. No one even walked by. Stephen had pulled me down in disappointment but to my shock, he had fucked me right there on the ground, pounding my naked body until he had gotten his cock off deep inside of me. I had limped home, full of Stephen's cum. I was so proud of myself for finally getting his cum inside of me.

There was no way I could tell Susie and Krystal about all of this. They would have thought that I was crazy and I didn't want to be the crazy friend. I wanted to keep my secret love for being used and tortured between Stephen and I. He was the only person who really understood me and I couldn't wait to see him. I rushed to the woods with excitement building inside of me. My pussy was wet and ready and I could only imagine what Stephen had in store for me this time.

"You're early," was all Stephen had to say when I reached the tree where he had first fucked me. It was our special spot. He had his bag filled with ropes and toys that he would use to tie me up.

"What will happen to me today?" I asked him.

"Shut up. You don't get to ask questions." He fastened a ball gag into my mouth. "That's better. Now I don't have to listen to you talk. Let's put this collar on you. Yeah. There we go. You look like a little rape slut now. Do you feel pretty?"

I nodded.

"That's a good slut." He fasted a leash to the collar and he pulled me. "Come on. You're my little bitch today. Let's go see what guys we can find. I'm getting you raped this time and hopefully one of them will fill you with cum for me. I love fucking in sloppy seconds."

I couldn't say what was on my mind but I was shocked as Stephen led me down the main path, the one that everyone used to travel quickly through the woods. I was worried that children might see but there was no need to worry about that. It was the middle of the day and all of the children were in school. It was mainly college students out smoking pot in the woods at this time and there was a large group of them laughing together when Stephen and I passed by them.

"Anyone want some free pussy? My girl wants to get used in the woods. She'll be by Turner's Tree," Stephen announced.

"Fuck, that is some twisted shit!" one of the guys called.

"What a whore," someone else said and this resulted in my pussy juices running down my legs. We passed by some other groups of guys, all of them getting the same announcement from Stephen. He finally led me back to Turner's Tree, where he had hung me once before. This time he made sure to secure me naked so that men had easy access to my pussy and ass.

"You ready for this Donna?"

I nodded.

"Let's stick this plug in your ass. I'm proud of you for holding this dildo in your pussy for so long too, during our walk. You're a good girl. Whoever gets to fuck these holes is a lucky bastard. Good luck, slut."

I watched as he walked away and I felt the chill of being alone as the afternoon sun began to fade. I could hear the sounds of feet on fallen leaves as a small group of guys made their way to me.

"There she is! Holy shit! He wasn't kidding!"

"Wow, should we fuck her?"

"Dude, you fuck her. I'll take a video."

"No, I don't want evidence. Don't record this. I'm going to fuck her!"

"Go ahead, bro!"

"Hey slut," one of them hissed in my ear. He pulled the plug from my ass and the dildo from my pussy. He shoved his cock into my pussy with one long, hard thrust. I made a noise, the gag still in my mouth. I was shocked at how roughly he was fucking me and I guess I was just a piece of meat to the guy. I had never been fucked like I meant nothing before and I suppose I should have been ashamed or upset, but I wasn't. I loved it.

I loved the way he fucked me without regard for my feelings. I loved the way he pushed his cock into my pussy and then into my ass. I didn't have a voice or a say. I had to let him use me however he wanted. I came hard so many times that I was getting weak. I could barely hold my head up.

"I'm cumming in your ass, you whore!" He grunted and shot his load. "I'm done. Anyone else?"

"Was it good?" another guy asked.

"Yeah. Her ass is tight."

"You fucked her ass? I'm in." The next guy fucked my ass roughly, using me harder than any guy ever had in my entire life. I took it, knowing that I had no choice. After him, there was another guy and then another.

I couldn't tell if Stephen was watching me but I knew I'd gotten a lot of loads in my pussy by then. The guys had all cum a few times each and I knew a lot of time had gone by. I was tired as Stephen finally made his way out of the brush.

"You ready for the real fuck, you slut?"

I nodded.

He got behind me and buried his face in my holes. He licked all the cum out of my pussy and ass, begging me to squeeze it all out onto his waiting tongue. I knew that Stephen was twisted and so this didn't surprise me. I was happy that he was happy with me. By the time he sunk his cock into me, I was so weak and tired that I could barely stand. The ropes were the only thing holding me up and my body was sagging against them, burning their imprints into my skin.

"You're a slut, you know that?"

I came hard for Stephen, my pussy and ass simultaneously spasming as he gripped me by the hair and pounded my pussy, and then later my ass. The sounds I was making were tortured but muted by the ball gag that was still in my mouth. My tits were coated with a layer of slime from my own drool as I came listlessly until Stephen was done with me.

I had no idea how many loads of cum I had taken or how many cocks but I felt different as Stephen finally untied me from the tree. He waited to remove the ball gag until last and when he finally did I took in a breath of cool, clean air. I hadn't realized how little I could breathe with it in.

"You did well today. Be here tomorrow at noon."

"But I have an economics test I have to study for."

"The only thing you need to know about economics is that sluts like you are in high demand. Now be here at noon or you will be sorry. Got that?"

"Yes."

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, sir?" I asked, not sure if that's what he meant. He handed me my clothes and I put them on while he packed up his bondage equipment.

"That's a good girl. Now come here," he pulled me to him for a hug. It felt so forced and unnatural and I didn't like it. I preferred being tied up and pounded to hugging.

"I don't like hugging," I told him.

"I can see that. Well, then, I'll be sure to give you a good pounding next time my cock is hard. I know you like that."

"I can make it hard again now," I told him.

"I think now is a bad time. Aren't those your friends?"

"Oh shit!" I tried to hide but it was too late.

"I thought you were working on your economics paper," Susie looked pissed as she walked toward me.

"I thought I heard that too," Krystal added.

"Guys! Sorry. I just ran into Stephen and he was helping me study economics."

"Bullshit," Krystal called my bluff. "Come on, Donna. Let's get out of here. Don't go anywhere with this loser."

"Yeah, you're right," I agreed. "Let's go! You guys got here just in time!" I lied.

"Wow, you were about to go with him, weren't you?" Susie asked.

"Yeah. Thanks for saving me, girls."

"Of course, Donna. What are friends for?" I followed my best friends down the street to Susie's car. I saw the text from Stephen.

"You better be there tomorrow at noon." I looked up to make sure no one was watching before I texted him back.

"I'll be there." My pussy twitched with excitement as I thought about what tomorrow would bring. My friends were right about one thing. Stephen was actually a sick, twisted fuck. I guess he was evil after all.