 I had to fuck for money to get home

Teen, prostitution, interr, threesome, oral, anal, cum swallowing, piss.

It was between my freshman and sophomore years at UCLA and I was taking a trip around Europe to see all the things that a tourist should see. I was in Paris for three days and on the second day, my purse was stolen. Then police found it an hour later but all my money and credit cards were gone. I was lucky that my passport and train ticket were still in it. The police said that they would try to catch the boy that had ripped my purse out of my hands but that it was unlikely that they would catch him or that I would get my money back. 

I knew that my parents could not afford to send me any more money and that this would need to be the end of my trip. I could cash in the train ticket but that would still leave me very short of the money I needed to get home. I sat in the police station crying when a man approached me and handed me a piece of paper with an address on it. "Maybe this man can help you get the money to go home." Then he turned and walked out the door.

I looked at the paper. Then I asked one of the policemen where that address was. He looked at it and gave me a big smile. He said it was about three blocks away. I thanked him and followed his directions to the address. When I got to the building, the sign on the door said, Renee Frankel - personal facilitator. I entered and found a man sitting at a large wooden desk, talking on the phone. "I was given this address and told that you may be able to help me got the money I need to get home." I told him about being robbed and that I did not know any way to get the money I needed. He listened intently.

"Yes my Dear, were you told what I can do to help you?" 

"No, I was just given this address and told that you might be able to help me." 

He looked at me with a kind of strange look. "I help people get the things they want, even when they are hard to find." I looked at him and asked how he could help me. "Very frankly, if you're willing to use your body to earn the money, I can easily help you make enough today to solve your problem." 

I looked at him in shock, "I'm not sure, but are you suggesting that I should let you sell me as a prostitute?" 

"Yes Darling, that is exactly what I am suggesting. If you are not willing to do that, then I can't help you and you may leave now."

I thought about it for a minute. "What would I have to do?" 

"Are you a virgin?" 

"No." 

"That's too bad. I have one man that would pay a lot of money for a beautiful young girl like you if you were a virgin and could prove it. I do have two business men who are in town and would like a pretty young girl to spend the night with them and please them sexually. You would need to spend the whole night and do anything that you are instructed you to do. They will pay me $800 US and you will get $600 of that. That is enough to get you home. Are you willing to do that?"

"I have never had sex for money but I don't have a lot of choices so I think I can do it." 

He smiled at me, "They have already given me my part of the money and they will give you the $600 in the morning. You must do a very good job for them. I hope you enjoy sex." 

"I do. I've never been with two guys at the same time but I have wondered what it would be like." 

"They have partially paid me for your services but you must also pay me for doing this for you." I told him that I could not give him money and still have enough left to get home. 

"I do not want money from you. You are going to give me a blowjob. You will strip and suck my cock till you empty it in your mouth." I thought for a minute. 

I had already agreed to let two strange men fuck me all night for money, so how much worse would it be to suck this guy's cock. Anyway, I enjoyed sucking cock. I had swallowed a lot of cum. I stood up and walked around his desk. He already had his cock out. He had been slowly stroking it most of the time that we had been talking. "Remove your clothes and get on your knees in front of me."

My name is Jennifer. I am nineteen and live in Arizona but am going to UCLA. I'm 5'3" and weigh 112 pounds with B-cup tits with big nipples that are usually hard. I have a large clit that is very sensitive and I cum easily and often. I am mostly Irish and therefore have very pale skin and bright red hair. I'm not a slut but I have enjoyed being sexually intimate with my boyfriends and over the years. I have had several boyfriends. Most of them were my age but one was my high school math teacher when I was eighteen. He was in his mid-thirties and married. I dated him for about four months even though I had a boyfriend at the same time and I learned a lot of new things from him. I mean sexual things. He told me that he could fuck his wife's cunt any time he wanted but that she did not like to suck his cock so that was what he mostly expected from me. We spent many great hours having sex in the sixty-nine position. I got really good at sucking cock and he got me to where I would easily reach an orgasm either getting fucked or eaten. Our affair ended when I left for college.

Renee stood and dropped his pants. His cock was not really big but it was nice and hard. It was about six inches and maybe an inch and a half across. I got on my knees between his legs and took his manhood in my hand. I stroked it and leaned over and kissed the tip. It was covered with clear, slippery, tasteless pre-cum. I licked it off. I decided to show him how skilled I was. I slid my lips tightly over his head and removed my hand. Then with one motion, I slid my mouth down over his cock till my lip touched the top of his ball sack. He moaned and his prick jumped in my mouth. I squeezed him with my throat muscles and he put his hand gently on the back of my head.

I pulled back up and let him come out of my mouth with a loud popping sound from the suction being broken. I looked up at him and smiled. Then I started bobbing up and down the full length of his shaft. He used his hand to show me the speed that he most enjoyed having me face fuck him. It only took a couple of minutes before I felt him swell and harden further. I held only his cock head between my lips, stroked his hot shaft with my hand and sucked even harder as his prick throbbed and emptied his load in my mouth. His head was back and he was tightly holding the arms of his chair as he groaned, "Oh yes. Oh fuck yes. Yesssss!" as he pumped a small load of thick cum into my mouth. "Young lady, if you do that good for the clients, I would not be surprise if they gave you a very nice bonus tip."

He gave me a paper with an address of a very high end local hotel and a room number on it and told me to be there promptly at seven o'clock. I went back to my space at the youth hostel. I showered and put perfume all over my body. I picked out a short skirt and thin blouse that showed a lot of cleavage. I did not put on any underwear. You could clearly see my hard nipples making bumps in the thin blouse. I checked with the hostel host about what bus would take me to the hotel I needed to go to. She never took her eyes off my tits while we talked. I wished that I had had time to offer to let her suck them, to nurse like a little baby at its mother's breast. I bet she would have jumped at the offer.

While standing on the crowded bus ride, someone reached under my skirt and pushed a finger between my ass cheeks till it reached my wet pussy. He took his finger out and brought it around to me face so I could suck my own fluids off my finger. Then he disappeared into the crowd. I arrived at the hotel and walked to the elevator. I told the operator that I wanted the eleventh floor. He wordlessly stared at me during the ride up. I exited the car and looked for the room number. I thought about what I was about to do, took a deep breath and knocked on the door at one minute before seven. I decided to put my best foot forward and let them think that I was excited and happy about being there to please them. I wanted to have the best chance of not having any problem getting my money and maybe even getting some extra.

I knocked and I heard a deep voice tell me to come in. When I did, the door shut behind me. Then I saw two very large, very black men standing there dressed in brightly colored robes and pill box style African hats. I had never had sex with a black guy and I almost chickened out right then but I thought about how much I needed the money. I stepped further into the hotel room and I heard one of them lock the door behind me. They looked at me and then at each other, "very nice." The two men were both about the same size. They were about 6'4 or 5" and probably each weighed about 240 pounds. 

I took a deep breath and smiled. "Hi, I'm Jennifer." 

Renee had told me to get my money before doing anything so I asked them for it. They agreed to put it on the dresser so I could get it when I left in the morning as long as I did as they expected over the night. They put a large stack of funny looking bills on the dresser and told me that it was equal to $600 US but in their country's money which I could exchange later. I decided to trust them about that and did not raise a fuss.

"Your name is Slut or whatever we decide to call you, and you will address each of us Sir. Do you understand?" 

"Yes Sir." 

"What is your name?"

"Slut, Sir."

"Now Slut, take off your clothes and give us a good look at your small white body." I stood and quickly removed the little clothing that I was wearing. "Now you may undress us." I moved in front of the first man and reached for his robe and opened it. He was not wearing anything under it. His body was huge but not fat. He was very muscular. And his cock, it was still soft and hanging in front of him. It was the thickest cock I had ever seen other than in porn movies. I reached for it and he swatted my hand away. "Disrobe my partner before you are allowed to touch our members." 

"Yes Sir."

I moved to the other black man and pulled open his robe. He too was naked underneath and as large and well-built as his friend. His prick was not as thick but it looked like it was going to be longer. "Fold our robes neatly and put them on the dresser. Then get your ass back over here and get to work." I folded the robes and put them away while they stood and watched with their pricks in their hands. I walked back in front of them and the first guy roughly pushed me to my knees. I looked at the two big black cocks in front of my face, took one in each hand and started stroking them. As I jerked the two, my mouth went back and forth, sucking on the head of each one's manhood as it grew in my hand.

Soon they were both hard. I was right, the thicker cock was the shorter one but not by much. The longer prick was about 8 inches. They both had bulbous heads and veins the stood out on the shafts and were the color of fine dark chocolate. They were not monstrously huge but they were the biggest cocks I had ever had anything to do with and it was the first time I had ever had two at the same time. The shorter one, if you could say short about a seven inch ball bat, was as thick as my wrist, threw me on the bed and one got on either side of me.

The longer cock was brought to my face and the other guy pushed his face between my legs. They never told me their names so I decided to call them L.C. for Long Cock and T.C. for Thick Cock in my own mind. I felt a tongue parting my labia. I moaned and when my mouth opened, L.C. pushed himself into my mouth. Now he was standing above my head with it tipped back over the edge of the bed to give him a straighter shot at my throat. Both he and I were happy that I had learned to control my gag reflex so that after just a few pushes, his long cock slid into my throat. He held the sides of my head and fucked my face like it was a cunt. I had to keep my eyes closed as his balls were bouncing against my face.

Meanwhile, T.C. was eating me to a good orgasm. I started to moan and push my pussy against his mouth. As I started to cum, he jumped up and rammed his thick prick into my pulsing, wet cunt. My cunt had never been stretched like that. It hurt with the first push but quickly it was a heavenly feeling. My orgasm continued. I was fucked hard, fast and deep at both ends and they both climaxed at almost the same time. Both my holes were filled with huge amounts of cum. I gagged on the load in my mouth as I could not swallow fast enough. Some actually came out my nose. My cunt overflowed and made a cum puddle on the bed. I didn't have to pretend to be having a good time being fucked by these two large black men. I really was in fuck heaven.

Amazingly, neither one of them went totally soft. They lay on the bed on either side of me and I was told to keep sucking their cocks till one or both of them were ready to fuck me again. While I was taking turns sucking one cock and then the other, they were pinching my tits and finger fucking my cunt with three big fingers. Soon I felt a thumb working its way into my ass hole. I had never had very much anal sex so I told them that I had to go to the bathroom. When I did, I took the tube of KY that I had in my purse and gave my shit hole a good lubing before returning to the bed.

When I got back on the bed, T.C. sat me on top of him and slid himself into my pussy. He held my waist and bounced me up and down on his big stiff pole. Then he pulled me down till my tits were pressed against his chest and held me tight. Next, L.C. got behind me. I was held still while he worked his prick into my shit tube. I was sure glad I had put lube in it. Once both of them were in me, they got a rhythm going as the fucked my holes together. Several minutes, and my having two hard orgasms on their cocks, later L.C. froze and blasted a big load up my rectum. As I had never been with two guys at the same time, so it stands that I had never been DP'ed. The sensation of it, especially with two large male tools, was something to remember forever. He pulled out and came to my face to be cleaned. I didn't want a cock that had just been in my ass, in my mouth but I wanted the money even more. It wasn't as bad as I expected. Then I was back up bouncing like I was on a trampoline till I got T.C. to blow his load in my cunt. I collapsed on his chest with him still in me.

The next several hours were spent with one or the other either fucking my cunt or ass hole or having his cock down my throat. While one was doing me, the other would either be taking pictures or taking a rest so he would be ready when it was his turn again. I never got a break till after 3 am when they had finally had enough and we all went to sleep.

At seven, the alarm rang and they got up because their plane left at 11. I was still half asleep but they dragged me into the shower. The room had a very large shower with plenty of room for all three of us. They pushed me to my knees. I assumed that they wanted blowjobs. I opened my mouth and took T.C.'s cock head in my mouth only to be shocked by a strong stream of warm bitter, salty piss splashing against the back of my mouth. Without intending to, I swallowed much of it as I chocked on it. They both had very full bladders and washed me down with what seemed like gallon of piss. They ordered me to keep my mouth open and I did. I had never had a golden shower, only seen it in pornos. After they finished and were satisfied, we all showered off. They gently soaped my body and enjoyed rubbing every inch of me. I spent a lot of time washing their cocks and balls with my soapy hands.

After we dried off and went out into the living room, they had one more small surprise for me. They had ordered room service to bring up breakfast. There was a knock on the door and I was instructed to answer the door. I reached for my clothes and they pulled them away. "Like that, Slut. Give the waiter a good show." I opened the door and stood there naked as a young Frenchman in his late teens teen walked in with the serving cart. He never took his eyes off me. To put on a show like I was told, I shook my tits for him and reached down and rubbed myself between the legs. Then they told me to give him a blowjob as his tip. I got on my knees and pulled his cock out. I sucked it till it was drained. It was easy to tell that he enjoyed being blown. 

The men were mostly dressed and just finishing their suit cases. The young waiter a good tip rushed out, probably to tell all of his friends what had just happened. Before we left the room, the men handed me my pay off the dresser and added a $100 US bill to it, telling me what a good job I had done servicing them.

That evening, Renee called the hostel and asked me to come over to his place. When I got there, he told me that the men had contacted him and told him how happy they were. He told me that if I wanted to stay and keep working for him, he could arrange for me to transfer to a college in Paris and he could guarantee me that I would make at least $1000 US per week working for him. I thanked him but told him that I wanted to go home. He talked me into doing one more thing for him. I pulled up my skirt and bent over his desk and let him fuck my ass. The next day I caught my flight home. I had a story that I would remember all my life but may not ever tell anyone else.