 My wife and I are your typical average couple when it comes to life and lifestyle. We have two kids and enjoy family time and being together. With a young family it is tough to get as much "alone time" as we might like -- let alone time like we recently experienced when we were invited to some neighbors for a party.

The time I just referenced is not something that was planned or that has ever been planned -- let alone executed...until now. We have discussed bringing other partners into our bedroom but nothing has ever materialized, although I often masturbate to the thought of my wife being taken by other men or groups of men -- and she has shared with me that she enjoys the thought of being taken by more than one man and that she has fantasized about other women pleasing me when we are together. 

I have written stories on the topic in the past and I have shared them with her to wonderful response -- but I had no idea what was to happen this cool January evening.

The scenario unfolded innocently enough. Driving through my neighborhood on a recent afternoon, I was flagged down by one of our friends, who I'll call Charles. We often stop on the street and small talk. This occasion was no different as we sat and chit-chatted about this and that until James mentioned that he and his wife, Emma, were going to be having a party that upcoming Saturday and asked me if my wife and I would like to attend, to which I responded, "we would love to."

I must tell you now that Emma is an absolute knockout -- a Mexican woman, who stands about five-two, weighing no more than 115 lbs., fit, trim and the owner of two of the nicest breasts ever. At the point of getting this invitation I had only seen them in a bathing suit at another neighborhood party last summer. To be honest, I was scoping her out big time at that party -- imagining what it would feel like to have her join my wife and I and massage her perfect breast and maybe stick my solid cock between them.

So after a few more minutes of small talk I got really lucky and Emma came out of their house to say hello -- something I ALWAYS enjoy and hope for when I am near their home because it gives me the opportunity to enjoy her beauty and hopefully cop a glance at her cleavage. As she approached she smiled and said with her sultry Latin accent "Hi there, how have you been? Did James invite you to the party?" "We're going to have a lot of grown-up fun." I didn't grasp this comment for what it was worth until much later, after the party. I just figured that she meant that no kids were allowed and that we would be partying and having a fun, kid-free, night...and boy did we.

Not immediately knowing the full meaning of Emma's comment I put no extra thought into the party and didn't even really think about it until Saturday came. We had arranged a sitter and the day came and went as usual, including the regular fondling and teasing my wife and I enjoy on a daily basis. I always love going upstairs when my wife is showering to get a nice eyeful of her tight body and help her wash her breasts and little body, as I call her pussy. This day was no different. When she announced she was going upstairs to shower, about five minutes later I made my way upstairs and stared at her for a couple of minutes through the steamy glass and my cock began to swell. Fully erect I went to the side she was using (we have a large shower with dual heads and room for a lot of fun) and opened the door to get an unobstructed view and to cop a feel. As I took in her 34D's I reached in and began massaging them together with a little soap. Her nipples became erect to my touch and she laid her head back into the water and I rubbed down her belly, circled a few times and continued south to where I was greeted by the swollen clit I love so much. It felt so good to circle her little button with my soapy left fingers and massage her left breast with my right hand. After a couple of minutes she spread her legs further apart by placing her right leg on the tile bench in front of her, which gave me access to penetrate her. As I slid one finger in she gasped, then two and she moaned. My left thumb was now on her clit gently pressing with two fingers inside her and my right hand firmly feeling her soapy breasts. Still gasping, still moaning my cock throbbed in my pants and I knew she would come any second. Then she moaned loudly and let out her telltale signal "I'm cumming, oh yes, I'm cumming" and she exhaled deeply in orgasm, her pussy pinching my fingers and her left hand coming up to on top of my right hand on her left breast pressing it tightly to her, as to fully absorb her orgasm. With that she reached her beautiful wet face towards me and kissed me with every ounce of love and told me it was my turn.

Without hesitating, she dropped to her knees, water cascading down her back and pulled me close to her and, in one fluid motion, pulled down my shorts freeing my solid, solid cock and engulfed the swollen head between her full lips. I knew it would not be long as she slid my length in and out of her mouth, deep-treating me from time to time and alternating with nice right-handed strokes of my shaft. As I looked down at my cock being sucked by the woman I loved I zeroed in on her jiggling tits. Side to side they went as I went in and out between her soft lips, stroking, sucking, swallowing, I felt my balls ready to explode as she took me deep. In and out three long strokes and I came in her mouth with the first shot and the second unleashing onto her chin and breasts. Oh it felt so good, my cock was twitching as she rubbed every last drop our of me -- licking me from the base of my cock to the head until he started going soft again. 

She rinsed and got out and I enjoyed toweling her dry before we enjoyed the rest of our day.

Around 7 p.m., after many sly grin exchanges throughout the day, the sitter arrived and we were ready to walk over to James and Emma's. My wife had on a nice dress, no bra and low heels.

When we arrived, we could hear people inside and rang the bell. After a moment, Emma came to the door wearing a skirt and a sheer loose fitting white top that subtly revealed her white lace bra. As always, I tried to get a peak at her nipples but could not see anything. She leaned towards my wife and embraced her close, mashing their breasts firmly together and they did that nice little kiss on the cheek thing girls do. My mind automatically went to a visual of them French kissing one-another and copping a little feel of each-others' breasts. God, I would love that!

Emma then came to me, gave me the same treatment, which I enjoyed tremendously, and we entered the party. 

There were about 10 or 12 people there total, including us. Friends were around just talking, drinking and having a good time. There were some familiar faces but no one we really knew. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary and we got a drink. After about an hour, I was on one side of the room speaking with a woman named Renee and Karen, my wife, was across the room speaking with a good looking guy I had never seen before. He had his hand on her shoulder, which made me think - but not too much. Renee asked me if I had ever been to one of James and Emma's parties and I told her "no" and that we were happy to be there. She said "they get better and better as the night progresses..." To which I responded, "nice, I'm looking forward to the evening." Not knowing at all what was to unfold.

Renee and I continued talking and she slowly got closer and was a bit flirtatious but I was not responding with Karen being right across the room -- even though she was apparently not minding the attention she was getting. It wasn't that the thought did not cross my mind because Renee was attractive Asian-mix of some sort -- a short, slender brunette with nice-size breasts and a great smile. Meanwhile, I was watching, and enjoying, the gentleman across the room getting a little friendlier with Karen. I kept imagining her dropping to her knees, unzipping him and taking his length into her mouth while Renee pleased me across the room, as the whole party watched. In the middle of this fantasy, Renee jarred me back to reality by saying "hey there, that was a deep thought," as my attention had drifted from her. I told her I was sorry and that she now had my undivided attention.

She then asked if I wanted to go outside to the bar and get another drink and I agreed that it was a good idea so we headed outside. After a couple of minutes Karen came out and joined us while Renee was speaking with another guy we had started up a conversation with and I asked her who her friend was and told her it looked like he was pretty interested in the conversation. She replied by saying his name was Jim and that she thought he was really nice but did feel that he was getting a little too friendly and that she was a little uncomfortable. I told her that I was sure he was harmless and just a flirtatious type.

A minute later Renee came back into our discussion and asked whom the pretty lady was and I introduced them to one-another and they exchanged pleasantries. Renee then said "So I hear it's your first time at one of James and Emma's parties" to which Karen responded "yes, it's been fun so far" and Renee came back with what she told me, "they just get better as the night goes on" and scampered back into the house.

Karen said, "that was weird, I wonder what she meant by that?" I told her she said the same thing to me.

We stayed outside for a while small talking with another couple and a single guy named Tim. We were really enjoying ourselves meeting these new people and taking in a new environment when Karen said she was getting a little chilly, so I suggested we go back inside and get her warmed up.

When we walked back inside we were surprised to see Emma passionately kissing someone other than James. It was another man named Eric, who we had met very quickly when we first arrived. 

Karen looked at me with a puzzled look as to ask, "I wonder what that's all about?" I shrugged my shoulders, put my arm around her and went back to my gin and tonic. I had my back turned to where Emma and Eric were making out and we talked for the next couple of minutes. But I kept noticing Karen looking past me. Obviously intrigued by something behind me. So I turned to look and Eric had his left hand inside of Emma's sheer blouse and was firmly massaging her right breast as their tongues were now openly exploring each other's mouths. I looked at Karen and raised my eyebrows but she just kept on watching the show, so I tuned back in.

We watched as Eric methodically massaged Emma as she began to feel the obvious bulge in his slacks. Her right hand was full of cock and his left hand was full of the tits I had fantasized about so many times before. 

We were so enthralled by the fun that was happening between Eric and Emma that we did not notice the action taking place on the couch to our left. Renee had sat down to watch the fun between Eric and Emma and was quietly rubbing her pussy from the outside of her skirt.

Karen then turned to me and asked if I knew that the party was going to be "this" kind of party. It was a legitimate question because I have expressed my interest in adding partners to our sex lives with Karen many times. But I responded with the truth that it was all a surprise to me. I asked how she felt and she said nervous but that it was strangely exciting.

I was very nervous even though I fantasize about it all the time and have masturbated to the thought of Karen being fucked by other men many, many times. But this was the real deal. It seemed to be unfolding right in front of our very eyes.

Karen then asked me what I thought and I did not respond. I just looked at her and began kissing her very passionately and purposefully. She responded by plunging her tongue into my mouth. My arms quickly embraced her and I pulled her tight, feeling her soft bosom pressing against my body. Over her shoulder I could see Eric still kneading Emma's tits, longing for a feel myself. Karen was now fixated on something unbeknownst to me going on behind me -- it was Jim was having his cock sucked by the beautiful Renee and curling his finger at Karen as if requesting her to come to him.

She was looking at him and I could see in her eyes that she was so wanting to do it. To go to this virtual stranger and see what he had in store...or in Renee's mouth. She looked at me and then back at him and back to me and then over at Emma, who now had her luscious breasts, which naturally hung and swayed to the outsides of her ribcage so perfectly, exposed and being sucked on by the lucky Eric and her husband James. Then, after about a minute of obvious deliberation on her part and some important decision making on mine, I said to her "if you want to go for this Karen, I am supportive and will enjoy myself, too -- are you ok with it?" Her eyes said it all and her response was automatic, "it's a little scary and I am nervous but we have talked about it and it feels right. Plus I know it's one of your fantasies -- so let's go for it." 

With that, I kissed her deeply and squeezed her tight, pressing my hard cock against her and whispered in her ear that I loved her, told her to make the most of it and turned her towards Jim and Renee and patted her on the butt and watched her shyly walk towards them.

My mind was racing as she walked agonizingly slow across the way to where Jim was leaned up against a wall with Renee down on one knee sucking on his cock with her eyes fixated on the approaching Karen. When she got to within about three feet, she stopped and just stood there. I wondered what she was thinking. Was she going to change her mind? But before she could do anything, Renee stood up and walked to her, gently placing her perfect hands around Karen's neck and rubbing her shoulders and down her arms and back up again before leaning forward and planting a nice sensual kiss on my wife's lips. A couple of gentle kisses at first and then Karen began responding, pushing her head and lips into Renee's. Opening her mouth I could see her tongue enter Renee's mouth and Renee's tongue circling hers. They kissed passionately for about a minute, maybe two, until Renee pulled back and took Karen by the hands and kneeled them both down together in front of Jim and his nice cock -- Karen on his left side and Renee on his right. I was standing on Karen's left about eight feet away watching all of this unfold. As Karen knelt down I saw her gazing at Jim's Cock and licking her lips. She looked up at me as if to half tease me but at the same time ask my permission -- at least that is how I saw it. But when her eyes met mine I simply nodded my approval and appreciation and she turned back to the task at hand.

Karen looked at Renee, who took the opportunity to plant another long kiss on my wife's full lips before pulling away and motioning Karen to take Jim's cock between her lips. Karen looked at me and opened her mouth and without losing eye contact wrapped her luscious lips around Jim's bulbous head. Sucking slowly at first, enjoying an inch, then two. In and out, just the head and a little more. Then she froze on the head and I knew she was circling that bad boy with her wet tongue. Jim's eyes were closed and I knew he was loving the job Karen was doing.

Meanwhile Renee was massaging Jim's balls with her left hand and thoroughly enjoying Karen's left breast with her right hand, pushing it up so it was protruding out of the top of her dress. 

Karen's pace was getting faster on Jim's cock and my cock was getting harder than it had ever been at the site of all Karen was doing and the incredible vision of Emma being had by two men.

During one extended gaze at Emma, she caught me staring and tilted her head back as if to motion me to come to her. Without hesitation I walked across the room, passing Karen and her full mouth along the way and having my ass grabbed by the beautiful Renee, until I was about four feet from Emma when she said "come closer." I got closer and she said with 110% of her Latin accent, "all the way to me." So I made my way right up to her in between Eric and James, who were still fully engaged on her boobs but now also rubbing her all over, and she kissed me. She kissed me deeply, wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling me tight, forcing her tongue into my mouth. She exclaimed that she had wanted me since the first time she laid eyes on me and that she couldn't wait any longer. She said, "let's go over to the table," pointing to the kitchen table, which had been draped with a very soft, velour-type tablecloth. She led me to the table, instructing James and Eric to follow. I loved watching her walk with her bare breasts motioning so nicely to her prance. 

When we got to the table she hoped up on top and laid lengthwise on her back and asked me to get between her legs and grabbed Eric and James to resume their attention to her breasts. I gladly obliged but when I got there she asked me to come up to her for a second. I walked up to her and she grabbed me by the waistline and began undoing my belt and zipper before pulling down my pants, springing my cock into view and bringing that big, beautiful Spanish smile to her face. I looked at Karen as she was now topless with Renee sucking her tits as she sucked Jim's cock. She winked at me, closed her eyes and continued her pursuit of Jim's cum.

With that, Emma took my all of my inches at once. Amazing! On big gulp and a long slow release and then back down again. Being in such close proximity, I took full liberty and began massaging the breasts I had desired on so many occasions. They felt like heaven - soft, natural and perfect. As she took my inches in and out of her mouth, I began thrusting towards her, fucking her wanting mouth, squeezing her breasts as Eric had moved between her legs and started eating her sweet pussy. Emma was moaning with her mouth full of my cock. I was moaning in ecstasy and Jim was about to unload in Karen's mouth.

As I enjoyed my cock being sucked so perfectly by Emma I gazed and my wife swallowing Jim's seven or eight inches. His stomach was tight, he was grimacing and moaning, thrusting his cock into Karen's mouth and he came with a huge sigh, shooting his first shot into her mouth and the second and third onto her breasts, which Renee happily lapped up. Karen's eyes caught mine -- and she was obviously interested in Emma enthusiastically going down on her man. She sat and watched as Emma took me in and out in and out and in and out. It was awesome to have my wife watch me get a killer blowjob from a beautiful woman.

I wanted to taste Emma so I withdrew my cock, leaned down and sucked her tits for a good while. Going from left to right and back again, paying ample time to each nipple, running my fingers through her hair and down around her swollen clit between Eric's licks. 

When I looked up, I saw that Renee had removed Karen's dress and had my wife nude and sprawled spread eagle on the carpet fully enjoying the taste of Karen's pussy. This was awesome. I moved down between Emma's sexy legs and buried my face in her shaved pussy and began licking her from the base of her pussy up to her clit, where I would stay and circle, bringing Emma to the brink of orgasm and slowing down again.

Meanwhile, Karen was moaning loudly "yes, oh yes, eat me, oh yes, my god, Renee, so good," and grinding her wetness into Renee's soft mouth as Jim massaged and sucked her tits.

It didn't take me long to get Emma to cum in my mouth. She writhed in ecstasy, squeezing her own tits and pinching her nipples to my licking.

Not two minutes later Emma got up on all fours on the table instructing me to fuck her from behind. This was perfect because from this angle I would be able to see the action Karen was engaged in so I climbed up on the table and swiped my cock up and down the length of Emma's slit. Looking up, I saw that Jim had gotten Karen onto all fours as well and was really giving it to Karen from behind while Karen had her face buried deep in Renee's pussy. Her tits were really rocking which made me increase my pace on Emma who was thoroughly enjoying my length as I slid in and out of her wonderful pussy.
