 I run a small-but-very-lucrative commercial real estate company in an upscale Midwestern town. I say small because it's a two person operation - just me and my secretary/office manager.

Her name is Donna, and she might be the best secretary in the Midwest. First of all, she's extremely smart, incredibly organized, and a very hard worker. Secondly, she's a flat-out beautiful and sexy single women: 26 years old, blonde hair, blue eyes, angel face, big, full, firm, perfect 38-D breasts, a nice ass, and a killer body. Thirdly, she likes to flaunt her looks and she has an outgoing, flirty personality that draws men to her like moths to a bright light - which is a valuable commodity because most of my clients are men.

And lastly - and best of all - she fucking loves sex. I wouldn't say that she's a nymphomaniac, but she's damn close. And she was often willing to engage in sex in exchange for what we called "special performance bonuses", which was basically money for sex with customers and clients,

Like my regular Monday morning $200 blow jobs for instance (which are so good they're a bargain). Or fucking the landlord for discounts on rent (which we split). Or "entertaining" big money clients and developers over dinner and drinks and...whatever happens. Or "sealing the deal" with a reluctant buyer of a 7 figure warehouse building.

In other words, she was a terrific asset to the company. And she was handsomely rewarded for her work. I paid her $75K a year (not counting bonuses), plus use of a company-paid-for Lexus, and an apartment in a ritzy high rise. Plus all the sex she wanted. So it was truly a "win-win" proposition.

She did a lot special performance "entertaining" of clients at our office. And one day, after a minor disagreement about the size of her bonus, she suggested that I install hidden video/audio cameras around the office so that I could see what she did and "fairly compensate" her for her efforts. Which sounded like a reasonable idea to me (not to mention the fact that I acquired a hell of a video library).

So that's what I did. I hired a company to install state-of-the-art voice and motion activated equipment to record whatever happened in our office. And reviewing it quickly became one of my favorite things to do.

Like two weeks ago, for example. A good old boy from Alabama named Junior Sample came to the office to discuss buying a large commercial building I had listed to open a call center. And from the minute he got there until he left, he was more interested in talking about Donna than talking about the building.

"Damn, Joe," he said at one point, "Your secretary is one fine looking woman. Are them titties real?"

"Yep". .

"How the hell can you work around that every day? You must be tappin' it on the side. Right?"

"Uh. Let's just say that we're familiar with each other and leave it at that".

"You lucky dog, " he said. "How 'bout I get right to the point, Joe. Does she ever "date" your customers?"

"Yeah. Occasionally."

"Well shit fire," he said. "If you can arrange for us to hook up for a little fun and games it sure would make my decision to buy that building a lot easier. If you get my drift." 

"I get your drift, Junior. Let me talk to her and I'll get back to you. Okay?"

"Great. I'm in town for two more days. Room 716 at the Hilton. I'll be waiting to here from you."

Then he left. and on his way out he stopped at Donna's desk for 10 minutes and chatted with her about what a sexy and beautiful women she was.

And when he was gone. I told Donna about our conversation, and asked her if she'd be interested in a $500 performance bonus.

"I don't know," she said. "He's kinda fat and creepy."

"Okay. How about $750?"

"Here at the office? And for how long?"

"Yes. And he doesn't look like a long-laster to me, so you can probably do it in under an hour."

"Okay. When?"

"I'll set it up for 1 o'clock tomorrow afternoon. Will that work?" 

"Yeah. There's nothing on our calendar for tomorrow afternoon. But what if he reneges on buying the building> Do I still get the bonus?"

"Absolutely. But he won't renege. He's a married man and we'll have him on video."

"Good point," she said.

So we shook on the deal. And I left the office at 12:30 the next day. And when I talked to Donna later she said that I owed her "a lot more than $750"

"Why?" I asked.

"Watch the video and you'll see," she said.

So I did.

After I left the office Donna changed clothes into a pair of tight "Daisy Duke" cutoff jean shorts and a thin, skimpy little white halter top with no bra underneath that showed a LOT of cleavage (the girl knew what her "money makers" were and she never failed to display them). And she looked like what a college guy would call "smokin' hot".

And when Donna answered Junior's knock on the front, I started to see what she was talking about. Because he had two young guys with him.

"Hiya, darlin", he said. "I hope you don't mind but I brought my two sons along for the ride. This here's Billy, and this here's Sonny."

Donna was obviously taken aback. "Uh. Nice to meet you guys. Why don't we go in Joe's office?"

They did, and as soon as they got there Sonny reached out and pulled down her halter top, and he and Billy started squeezing and fondling her tits.

"Damn, Daddy," Sonny said. "You weren't fucking lyin'. These are some great fuckin' tits".

"Uh, I think we should slow down a little here fellas," Donna said. 

"Slow down?" Billy said as he reached down and unzipped her shorts and pushed then down. "Why would we slow down?"

So now they had her naked, and pushed her down on the floor. And while Billy and Sonny continued to fondle, and lick, and suck her boobs, Juniior knelt down between her legs and started fingering and eating her pussy, And it was immediately obvious that Donna was suddenly enjoying the whole thing.

"Oh God," she moaned. 

And after about five minutes Junior backed up, pulled out his dick, and slid it up her cunt, and started fucking her. And his boys moved up and knelt beside her head and took turns fucking her mouth. And they weren't timid about it. And based on her moans and body language Donna seemed to be enjoying it quite a bit.

She pushed her hips up to meet Junior's thrusts, and she hungrily sucked the boy's cocks. 

"Ummph. Ungh. Oh shit!"

Then they changed positions. Sonny moved down and started fucking her, while Junior straddled her chest and fucked her tits, and Billy straddled her face and started fucking her mouth real hard, and fast, and deep.

And Donna's body stiffened up, and she came. And as they continued she came again.

Then they changed positions again. Junior layed on his back, and they lowered her down on his stiff cock - facing forward - and she started riding it aggressively. And Sonny moved up and started fucking her mouth. Then Billy got behind his Dad, and started fucking her ass. And Donna was quivering, and jerking, and moaning, and gagging, and going absolutely crazy with pleasure. 

And she came hard at least two more times.

And slowly but surely they all came hard too. Junior in her pussy. Sonny in her mouth, and Billy in her ass. Then they all rolled off of her, and got up, and headed for the door.

"Shit, darlin', Junior said. "That was an experience of a life time for me and my boys. And we sure appreciate it. Tell Joe I'll sign the papers on that building tomorrow. Okay?"

Donna just nodded. And she laid naked and exhausted - and apparently satiated - on the floor for about ten minutes after they left.

I called her after watching the video, and agreed to double her bonus to $1,500, 

And as he said he would, Junior signed the purchase agreement the next day.

Then he looked at me and said, "You got any more buildings for sale around here? Me and my boys would sure like an encore with that sexy, big titted secretary of yours."

They got their encore about a month later and he bought another 7 figure building I had listed. But I had to give Donna two grand for that deal.