 Kris was still a little flushed from the morning's sexual marathon when she ran into Sali in the driveway. They had discussed Kris's Saturday mornings several times so Sali was very open with her comments.

"Was it as good this morning as it usually is?" asked Sali.

"My god, it was the best ever. We woke up about 7:30 and read two stories out of a new collection of erotica that Dan brought with him. While he reads we always play with each other until we can't stand not making love. I know that I told you about my personal Richter scale. The little "O's" I call Richter 4's, the big ones I call the Richter 7's and the mega ones, which I rarely have, I call the Richter 10's. This morning I had more 4's that I could count, at least five 7's and for the very first time two 10's. And, best of all, Dan came with me during the second 10. It was absolutely incredible."

"Damn you. Damn you. Damn you. I am so jealous. It has been over nine years since Adam has even touched me," Sali told her. Kris and Sali had often talked abut the fact the Sali's husband, Adam, had totally lost interest in any sexual intimacy many years before.

"I really don't know what to say, Sali. You remember that until I started seeing Dan a couple of months ago I had a bit of a dry spell myself."

"Yeah, but you'll agree that your dry spell is measured in days, not years. But I have an idea ... but I am very hesitant to talk about it, even with you," Sali replied.

"I was just coming over to ask you if you wanted a cup of tea. So let's make some, relax and then you know that we can talk about anything."

A few minutes later they were comfortably seated in Kris's backyard with fresh cups of tea in front of them.

"OK," Kris started, "What's the idea that you are uncomfortable about?"

"Please remember that I am pretty uneasy about this but I am really going so crazy that I am ready to seduce the fat gardener that works for the Saunders."

"Yuck. How could you even think of such a thing?" asked Kris.

"You're not listening to me! I said that I was going crazy. I want to be looked at and touched even if I then have to bring myself off." Sali was getting very agitated.

"O.K. O.K. What's your idea? I am listening now and you know that I have always been on your side."

"Well, here's what I have been thinking about ... but you have to stop me if you start to fee uncomfortable with anything that I am staying. All you have to do is tell me and I will stop."

"O.K. I agree. Now quit wasting time and just tell me right out."

"Well, I want to listen to a story with you and Dan when he reads to you one of these Saturday mornings. I just want to be there. I won't interfere. I won't say anything. And when you are done reading I will leave, probably to go home and have one of the best orgasms I've had in a very long time. Just thinking about it makes me wet so I may not even make it home. I may just stop in your bathroom. Well, I probably said too much. By the way, I know that even if it is o.k. with you, you still have to talk to Dan about it to make sure it is o.k. with him."

"Let me think about this for a few days, and then talk to Dan about it if I am o.k. with the idea. How about if I talk to him in the next few days?"

"Absolutely. The sooner the better."

The next day Kris and Dan had a conversation during which Sali's name came up because she often helped Kris shop for clothes. In this case Kris and Sali had gone looking for a dress for an afternoon lawn party. Although Dan had not met Sali, he certainly knew from Kris that she had not had sex with her husband or anyone else for more than nine years. Therefore when the topic came up Dan readily agreed and, honestly, saw it as an opportunity to have two women in the same room while having sex with at least one of them.

When Dan got to Kris's the following Friday night they had another chance to discuss the plan. Kris started, "Here's what Sali and I decided. If you and I are o.k. with this, tomorrow morning about 8:00 I will go out and pick up the paper and leave the door unlocked. If either you or I have any problems with the plan, I will leave the paper in front and she will not come in. If the paper is gone and door is unlocked Sali will come into the back bedroom about 8:15. I will put the chair by the bed and she will come and sit down and listen to whatever story you are reading to me. She understands that no matter what we decide to do while you are reading, we stay under the sheet. If either of us is uncomfortable we'll just finish the story and ask her to leave. She'll probably be so aroused by that time she'll leave on her own. Are you o.k. with the plan?" Dave just nodded his consent and after watching a movie and having a brief but intense session of love making they fell asleep in each others arms about 10:30.

They slept close to each other and did not wake up until about 7:45 when the sun began streaming into the room. Their normal routine was to wake up slowly, go the bathroom, brush their teeth and then come back to talk and snuggle for a little while before Dan started reading. This morning they talked about the movie they saw the night before and confirmed that they were both still fine with the plan. About 8:00 Kris went out and picked up the paper and left the door unlocked. When she came back they both agreed that there was a chance that Sali would decide not to come over. Each agreed that if she didn't, they would both be a bit disappointed even though they weren't quite sure why.

Dan had written a new story of his own called "One Last Time" which he started to read. When Sali came into the room a few minutes later they all greeted each other with a very and somewhat awkward, "Good morning." Sali was wearing a brightly colored full skirt and a white peasant blouse with puffy sleeves and a broad neckline with just the hint of the top of her breast showing. Even though Dan looked as closely as he could he couldn't quite make out if she had a bra on. When she sat down in the chair as planned Dan went on with reading his new story. 

I had already gotten ready for bed and was under the light covers with just my shorts on. But as soon as she came out of the bathroom and I saw what she was wearing I got rock hard. We continued to talk about the events of the day as she appeared to continue to get ready for bed. But after turning her own covers down she came over to my bed and just stood there with her panties no more that a foot from my face. I reached under the blanket and did not hide the fact that I was starting to stroke myself.

As soon as she saw what I was doing, she spread her legs just a little bit so I got a better look up between her legs. This had long been a turn-on for me and when we were married she would sometimes tease me by standing on the bed so I could look up under her nightgown ... and she also had incredible legs.

By this time my sexual arousal was almost off the chart. Although I didn't want to risk breaking the flow, I just had to ask her to pull the leg of her panties to the side so I could better see her. Although she did not say anything, she slowly spread her legs a little more and used her right hand to pull the panties away giving me a perfect view of her lovely pussy. By this time I was totally crazed and pushed my covers off so she got a full view of my cock which by that time was sticking way out of my shorts. 

After standing where she was and watching me play with myself for a few minutes, she kneeled down on the floor and took my cock in her mouth, just like old times ... and she was always the best. When she could feel how close I was getting to losing complete control, she casually stood back up, stepped out of her lovely panties, unhooked her bra and then paused long enough to allow me to take in her full glorious nakedness. Then she moved back to the bed and gently straddled me. She eased down onto me and at the same time leaned forward so I get one of her nipples in my mouth.

By this time we were rapidly approaching the final moment and although neither of us was necessarily ready to have it end, we came together in a tremendous climax; with my lifting up and pushing deep into her.

After a few minutes of her lying on top of me during the beautiful afterglow, she got off and then stretched out and snuggled up next to me. Our last night together was spent curled up and naked in a single bed. 

As the story got more explicit so did Kris's activities, In fact when the story described Dan's ex-wife's going down on him, Kris totally ignored the fact that Sali was in the room and put her head under the sheet and began to suck on Dan's cock. It must have been pretty obvious to Sali that this was happening. But if there was any doubt the fact that Dan lost his place when Kris took him into her mouth confirmed it.

When Dan did get a chance to look up he saw Sali gather up her skirt high up on her legs, spread her legs apart and placed her right hand between her legs. It was soon clear that she was touching herself.

At the end of the story there was a very brief moment of silence and then Sali said simply, "Dan, please read the last few paragraphs again." Dan immediately went back to the part of the story when the ex-wife came out of the bathroom.

As he started rereading the section Kris climbed on top of him, making sure the sheet stayed well wrapped around her. By the time that Dan finished the story a second time Sali was far more animated, breathing hard and most definitely playing with herself.

When she saw Kris get on top of Dan, she blurted out, "Kris, please, please let me stay and watch."

Kris looked at Dan and he nodded that it was o.k. with him. Then he added loud enough for Sali to hear, "It only seems fair that Sali should at least take her blouse off."

Kris looked over at Sali and repeated, "OK, I'll take the sheet off but you need to take your blouse off first."

Sali smoothed her skirt down, then stood up and took her blouse off in one smooth motion. Dan and Sali both caught their breaths when they saw Sali's perfectly proportion breasts and their large dark brown areoles and very hard nipples. Her Iranian lineage was quite obvious in her sexy appearance and coloring.

"My god, I had no idea how beautiful your breasts were," Kris said in a loud whisper. As she said this she let the sheet drop away from her thereby revealing her own magnificent breasts with pinkish tips and aroused nipples.

"But yours are perfect," Sali answered.

"Actually both of you have absolutely perfect breasts and beautiful bodies," Dan said.

"Is it o.k. if I get up on the bed with you?" Sali asked.

Again, Kris glanced at Dan and both nodded to each other and Kris said, "Please come up here with us but you probably want to take your skirt off so it won't get wrinkled. O.K.?"

Sali got up and stepped out of her skirt. As suspected, she did not have any panties on. Her very dark public hair was carefully trimmed and the crease of her pussy was slightly visible. Sali got onto the bed and stretched out on her left side with her head resting on her left hand and arm. This allowed her left breast to rest on the bed.

By this time Kris was slowly beginning to move up and down on Dan and had experienced a few Richter 4's, as she called them.

"Kris, can I please hold your breast in my hand ... just for a second. I have never touched a breast other my own and yours are so perfect." Dan knew how much Kris liked to have her breasts fondled so he knew that she would say "yes," and she did.

Sali approached Kris's left breast slowly and carefully and because she was still laying on her side she placed her right hand on top of Kris's breast with her thumb coming to rest exactly on the nipple. Dan knew that this was going to drive Kris crazy and got even harder waiting for the reaction. Dan then lifted his head up long enough to get Kris's right nipple in his mouth and began sucking on it. Kris immediately had a Richter 7. As soon as Dan lowered his head back onto the pillow, Sali, without any warning, repositioned herself and took Kris's left nipple into her mouth. Kris immediately had another Richter 7 and Dan had to do everything that he could to not come with her.

Sali's impulsively taking Kris's nipple in her mouth was such a surprise to everyone, including Sali, that all three just looked at each other for a moment without saying anything.

Kris broke the silence. "That was totally incredible. I can't believe that you did that and I can't believe the incredible reaction I had. But Dan and I really shouldn't be so selfish. Would you like us to pay a little attention to you? I can tell you that I want to return the favor and get my mouth around one of those unbelievable nipples and I am sure that Dan does too, Here, slide over here between us, relax and let us do some of the work."

Dan couldn't believe it. Here was one of his most common and powerful fantasies coming true. It didn't take Kris long to help Sali get comfortable on her back and then position herself to take full advantage of Sali's fully aroused nipples. Dan was, at the same time, beginning to tease the other nipple between the thumb and forefinger of his right hand while beginning to move his other hand down Sali's stomach. When he reached the top of her pubic hair he paused to see what her reaction would be. Except for a slight lift into his hand there was none so he continued downward. As he began to explore her soft folds he realized that she was so excited that even the top of her thighs were wet. This was the only sign that he needed to move down on the bed until he could see her trimmed public hair and her much enlarged pussy. He carefully slid down until he was off the bed and could position his head directly over her by now very wet pussy.

As he gently spread her outer lips further apart he was able to clearly see her clitoris just begging to be licked with the tip of his tongue. And, even though he did so ever so slightly, Sali immediately exploded into an orgasm somewhere in the Richter 5 or 6 range, while all of the time telling Kris to keep sucking her nipple.

Dan paused only briefly letting Sali quiet down just a little and then placed his entire mouth on her mound while moving his tongue up and down. Within a few seconds she had another orgasm, this time more at the Richter 8 or 9 level. Sali then moved her hands down and firmly held Dan's head tight against her. In the next few minutes she had several more orgasms each one as powerful as the earlier two. Dan had always been very good at following a partner's rhythm and, as a Tantric practitioner, totally enjoyed feeling the energy of her orgasms infuse his entire body. After another two or three Richter 6's, Sali lightened her hold on his head and he slid back up along side of her, looked her directly in the eye and said simply, "You are totally incredible." By this time, Kris was also lying next to Sali with her hand gently resting across her breasts.

After a fed minutes Kris lifted her head up and asked Sali, "Is it o.k. if Dan and I finish what we had started a while ago? I can see that Dan is still very ready."

Sali was quick to answer, "Absolutely, but can I still watch?" Both Kris and Dan quickly agreed.

Dan then turned to Kris and said, "Kris, you just stay right there. I'll come around to your side." He then got up and walked over to the other side of the bed, making no attempt to hide his cock, still raging from all of the stimulation of the last several minutes.

But just as he was about to get down on the bed Kris stopped him, pulled him to the edge of the bed and pulled his cock into her waiting mouth. "Oh, god, that feels good," was his only response. Sali took special interest in this most recent activity and pulled her self closer for a better look.

Dan knew that Kris loved to give oral so he just stood next to the bed and relished the fantastic job she did. After Kris was satisfied she stopped and told Dan to get down beside her. But he slid down and buried his face in her pussy giving her another Richter 4 almost immediately. She then pulled him up and told him, "I want you inside me again."

"I have to tell you that I am very close to exploding so you just tell me when," was all he could say.

"I want to sit on you so I can feel you deep inside of me and you can play with my nipples while I move up and down on you." Dan immediately took her place next to Sali and by the time he was stretched out, Kris was climbing on top of him and positioning herself over his cock. Within a few seconds she had settled down on his cock and had begun to move gently up and down. 

Dan pulled her down so he could get to her nipples and began sucking one for a few seconds and then moving to the other. He loved going back and forth between her wonderfully sensitive nipples. She loved it too.

Within a minute they were both on the edge and when Dan asked if she was ready and she said, "My god, yes!" he lifted himself into her and the both exploded with full Richter 10's.

As they collapsed into each other arms, Sali snuggled up close and pulled the sheet over all three of them. Both satisfied and exhausted, they all quietly dozed off.

D.D.Carlisle

August 2006