 It seems my girlfriend, Barbara had put up with my tiny three inch cock long enough. And knowing that I loved being tied up and dominated while wearing panties, she thought I just might be bisexual. So one night she got me to put on her panties and bra and tied me to the corner posts of the bed, as she has many times before. Tonight I was in for a surprise. Barbara came right out with it and told me, "I'm tired of not getting a climax from that little useless cock of yours and burning up and buying batteries for my vibrator. So tonight, because, I really think, with your sometimes feminine ways and wearing panties that you really would also love sucking a real mans cock." 

You've met my ex-boyfriend, Jim and heard of his huge cock. Well I've made arrangements for him to be here tonight. About then her ex boyfriend came out of the other room, completely naked and with his huge eight inch cock sticking straight out and swaying with the motion of him walking. . 

Taking him in her hand, Barbara started slowly stroking him. It was clear that this wasn't the first time she'd had his cock in her hand. 

I was in shock, but at the same time, my tiny cock came twitching to life. Pointing at it and laughing, my girlfriend Barbara said, "Just as I thought." Then she told her ex, Jim, "Move over here and put your cock on his lips." 

As he moved closer Jim's musky scent envelops me. To my surprise, I didn't even hesitate for a minute, as the head touched my lips they parted and I took Jim's cock right into my mouth. And as if I'd done it a million times, started sucking and moving my mouth up and down his thick shaft.

I must have been doing it right too, because Jim started moaning, "Uuuuuum," and moving his hips back and forth. 

As I was bobbing up and down and slurping on his cock, Jim turned to Barbara and said, "You're right, he does have a tiny cock. But he must have sucked cocks before, because he does it so well.

Laughing, Barbara picked up the camera she'd hidden behind the bed and said, "That's great, because after I've taken his picture, he'll be sucking a lot more unless he wants his friends to see a picture of him wearing panties and sucking your cock."

At the time I was so horny and mesmerized by how much I loved having it in my mouth and sucking his cock that I didn't care if she took a picture of him fucking me up the ass. 

Barbara used her vibrator on herself while watching me suck away. She loved it when I got him off, not once, but twice. 

Then when Jim and I were done, Jim went over to Barbara and with me watching started kissing her and playing with her breasts. Her lips press against his, soft, smooth, warm, alive. They kissed and kissed again. A sigh escaped from her lips between kisses. Jim's arms tighten around Barbara's panty clad body as he held her even tighter in his embrace. 

Their mouths opened and Jim's tongue meets hers, both tentative, exploring, searching. A moan builds in his throat, and Barbara captured it with her mouth and return it in kind. 

When they broke the kiss, Barbara stripped off her panties. And as she put the now wet crotch in my mouth, said, "This'll keep you quite while you watch how a real man fucks."

And he did. Jim fucked Barbara two more times and I finally got to hear her scream from a real climax. As they sat on the bed beside me, Barbara's nipples, hard and dark, became Jim's next targets. His tongue flickered across the sensitive tips, biting them between his lips, stretching them out, and then allowing them to snap back into place. Sucking them hard, taking them deep into his mouth and rubbing his teeth across them, heated saliva trickled down the sides of her well-rounded breasts. As her right hand stroked his cock, Barbara's left hand ran fingers through his hair, pulling his face harder against her aching breasts, willing him to consume her.

Passion and tenderness gave way to heated lust, both bodies screaming for satisfaction and release. Rolling her onto her back, pinning her body beneath him, Jim's throbbing cock found her moist, lubricated slit. With a single thrust Jim was fully inside her, filling her completely with his massive manhood. His balls pressed hard against her ass as he held himself within her, the hot, tight confines of her pussy threatening to suck the cum from him prematurely. With great effort, Jim withheld his release, drawing away from her slowly, then brutally thrusting into her once more. Her fingers griped tightly to his upper arms, her nails digging into his well-tanned flesh, her head thrown back as heavy groans of ecstasy escaped her sweet pink lips. 

Over and over, Jim thrust into her, adhering to her call for him to take her harder and faster. Sweat ran from his body, dropping onto her steamy flesh and trickling down her sides onto the sheets. With a deep groan, Jim pushed into her one last time, his cock injecting her pussy with burst after hot burst of cum, her pussy contracting and squeezing every precious drop from him as another orgasm washed through her.

Spent Barbara struggled off the bed and stumbled towards the bathroom. Jim followed. Just inside the bathroom he grabbed her hair and twisted her around to face him. Pushing her to her knees, Jim fed her his sticky cock. What I watched after that was the most electrifying, intense, disgusting, and wonderful thing I'd ever seen before. Barbara gave Jim a blow-job, deep throating it until she gagged, for nearly five whole minutes. 

Then Jim pulled Barbara roughly to her feet and made her over the counter and spread her legs. I had a clear view of his massive cock probing at her pussy from behind as she grunted for him to fuck her and before too long, he did. I watched in awe as the swollen purple head of his cock popped into her glistening slit. Seeing it wasn't what I'd hoped for at all. No. It was much more than I could have hoped for. Jim's cock slid slowly into Barbara, who moaned loudly in response that the hairs on the back of my neck stood on end. As Jim pounded the grunting Barbara from behind, she spread her legs wider, not caring that she was being loud. The feeling of him squeezing his way inside her tight pussy was making her cry with pleasure. 

Suddenly Jim pulled his cock out of her and Barbara got back on her knees in front of him. For a moment I thought she was going to suck his cock again, but instead Barbara just smiled and told him to cum on her face, to cum now, because she wanted to taste it. Before I could figure out what "it" was, Jim's cock spewed forth his gooey white cum all over Barbara's pretty face. 

I gasped in surprise. Why would he cover her face with his cum? The scene ended with Barbara smiling, her face glazed with Jim's goo like it was a donut. She seemed to enjoy it. And though it made no sense to me, even that disgusting display intensified my burning desire to suck his cock again.

After seeing Jim cum four times, I couldn't understand why Barbara would ever leave this stud for me. But l found out later that it was because he was a real player and was fucking all her friends. 

I now wear panties and suck the cock of whatever man Barbara brings home. Then watch and masturbate while she sucks and fucks a real man's cocks and finally get satisfied. I guess it's a win, win situation, except I'm starting to think that I'm gay not bisexual. Barbara says, "I'm a gay sissy cocksucker but loves having me around to suck her new man's cocks and to show them my tiny little cock," and says it's always turned her on seeing me in panties and being such a girl.

The end...