 This story may be read and enjoyed by all over the age of consent provided it is not changed in any way or used for profit.

I am always interested to hear from readers.

Please note that this posting is specific to the Literotica web site. I have submitted this story to other web sites and in its original form one character is 16. In the UK this is the legal age of sexual consent. So as to respect the 18 age requirement of characters with the Literotica site I have modified the age where mentioned from 16 to 18.

Part 1. The Flat. 

I had been looking for a place to live for several months but the residential lettings market had hit rock bottom and there wasn't much around. Having given up with the agencies I resorted to local ads and word of mouth which led me to a first floor flat in a very large converted house. It seemed nice enough located in a quiet leafy side road not far from the centre of London, a conservative area with Edwardian houses seemingly very proper and ordinary.

The main door led through to a small hallway with two further interior doors, one to the flat on the ground floor and one on the first. I rang the bell to the flat and a few minutes later was met by a pretty brunette in her mid thirties. She was dressed in jogging pants and a loose sweatshirt with sport socks so it was hard to see what her body was like. She stood some 5'4 and was slim with very dark thick shoulder length, straight hair. Her face was pretty with large brown eyes topped with long eyelashes. Her lips were full and her smile intoxicating.

'Please come on up, I have been expecting you. I assume you are Cameron' she said without a backward glance as she climbed the stairs 'you will have to excuse the mess, it's my turn to tidy round and I have only just got back myself'

She led me into a hallway from which radiated a bathroom, kitchen and living room. The bathroom and kitchen were both quite large and nicely done out but the living room was a surprise. Big. Very big. It seemed to swallow most of the floor space and was furnished with all sorts of stuff, chairs, tables, bookcases, lounger but all centred around a large, deep sofa and several matching chairs, designed to make use of the coffee table and large TV. It was a bit untidy too, things clearly had been taken out and not put back.

As she led me in she introduced herself as Simone and said she would show me round as we talked. It turned out that the flat had three bedrooms and I would be the fourth occupant. There was herself and two other girls in their mid twenties but that they shared. She stopped at this point and gazed at me as if judging my response. Probably typical as the image of two girls sharing flashed through my mind.

'It's just that we have had two other flatmates who left after a few weeks. We need to know if you would stay. Kim and Sue are very open about their sexuality and it spills over completely into living here. I was a bit anxious when I came but I've got used to it' she bit her lower lip when she said this which had the effect of giving me a flutter deep in my stomach.

'um....what do you mean spills over?' I asked

'Well they tend to not to worry about whether or not they are clothed either partially or completely and if the mood takes them they have a tendency to become...intimate wherever and whenever. You might be watching TV and they just start making out on the sofa. They tend to leave their bedroom door open. As far as they are concerned they live here, this is their home and they should be able to close the front door and live as they are. If anyone chooses to live with them then they must accept that' she stopped, expecting me to comment.

'And what about you?

'Oh I'm straight, I was divorced two years ago and moved in here pretty much immediately after. I admit it was disconcerting at first but I have got used to it. Between you and me I find it a bit exciting. I haven't been asked to join them but I have got quite used to the idea of watching them. I don't date anymore, haven't since the divorce so in a way it helps to give me ....some excitement I suppose'

'And the others?'

'Couldn't handle it. The first was another woman, she lasted three weeks. The second was a man. He thought it was an opportunity to get involved but they weren't having any of it. Kept on and on and on. Eventually we asked him to go. Thing is we need a fourth to pay the rent. The girls left it to me to pick a candidate. To be honest I have run three ads and you are the only to call.'

'OK. I think I can manage the situation. Can I see the room' 

Now you are probably wondering how I could be so nonchalant after that, but it was one of those moments when afterwards you do wonder how you were so nonchalant. Accepting it seemed the only thing to do. Simone then gave me the tour and laid out the rules. The flat had three bedrooms off the living room, all a good size and the two occupied were in a mess with clothes strewn everywhere. The room essentially reserved for me had a small en-suite bathroom which I was told I would have to pay a little extra for in the rent.

The daily routines comprised every fourth day each of us would do the chores. Cleaning, tidying up and cooking. Given that I was going to work out of my room it seemed easy for me to fit into. My work was straight forward and involved me translating texts so I would be in the flat a lot.

After a half hour we had agreed that I could move in at the weekend.

Part 2 Moving In.



As I returned to my temporary digs to get my things together I thought, in the cold light of day about Simone comments. Looking at it from the point of a red blooded male the situation seemed somewhat, utopian. The idea of sharing a flat with at least one lovely looking woman who happened to be single and into men with a hint of sapphic interest was quite a draw. Add to that a couple of female twenty somethings running around in the all together pleasuring each other and the flat developed a magnetism.

Put it in the realm of reality though and things disintegrate. Firstly Simone might not be interested in me whatsoever and secondly the Pussy Cats, as I had come to think of them, may take on the appearance not of gorgeous, lithe fantasy girls but a couple of old boilers into extreme and bizarre practices. Anyway aside from the fantasy who was to say we would get on. Sex or no sex, I had to know that I would get on with them all.

By now I was at my digs, a dingy little bedsit with a battle-axe for a land lady who seemed to have this compunction to berate every man who crossed her path. This in itself made my mind up. Whatever happened it had to be better than this. Aside from anything else, being devoid of a girlfriend my sexual lusts were satisfied by rubbing off over a magazine. Not exactly ideal. At least having women around would give me mental material. 

So, now to the moving in. Saturday morning and I arrive with my stuff in the back of a small van. Simone met me again and gave me a key explaining that the Pussy Cats were away until mid week. Moving my stuff into my room with Simone around was difficult. My previous image had been wrongly grafted onto my mind. What with looking at the flat and being a little wrong footed I hadn't, it seemed taken in everything. 

Simone was gorgeous. No two ways about it. Her complexion was perfect and although white her skin had a slightly darker look to it. It transpired her mother was French. Her body was a dream. Being summer she was barefoot, which stirs my blood, beautifully smooth and wonderfully shaped small feet topped with legs to take your breath away. Cut off jeans and a close fitting T-shirt showed her body to be exquisite, medium sized breasts giving a perfect proportion to her frame. The more I looked at her face the more I felt myself wondering......

Anyway, we're not there yet.

Simone helped me bring things up from the car chatting all the time. I learnt more about her, the divorce had been amicable as far as any divorce could be, unable to have children her husband had eventually gone off with her best friend who it seemed had manipulated him away from her using her fertility as the draw. Some friend. The first year was just spent getting over him, still in love she had a hard time and in many ways the Pussy Cats had helped her becoming good friends. The last year she had been much happier and had started her life out again with a new job as an aerobics instructor. She was happy and enjoyed life.

The Pussy Cats were away with their work. They both worked for a travel agent which involved them getting cheap trips around the world. I also learnt that they were by all accounts nice girls. No heavy attitudes and to the outside world, beyond the front door they didn't express any stereotype image. They were two regular girls who just happened to enjoy each others bodies and their own, a lot.

Information like this served to get me feeling quite heady. By the late afternoon Simone had gone to work leaving me alone so I finished unpacking and straightening my new abode. Once done I was at a loose end and feeling a little horny. I showered and once dry wandered into the rest of the flat. Simone scent still lingered and was having an effect on me. In moments I was as hard as nails. Swallowing hard and feeling just a little nervous I went into her room. She probably wouldn't be back for a couple of hours but the chance.....well it spiced things up a little.

Her room was a mix of romantic European decor, a wide rosewood four poster bed with rosewood furniture. Soft cotton and lace bed linen with soft dreamy pictures on the wall of women in flowing dresses set in Paris. The room was filled with her scent, indiscernible. Then it dawned on me that it was her natural scent and my stiff cock began to take over my thinking. I lay on her bed taking hold of myself and as I moved her strewn clothes wrapped themselves around me. It was overwhelming. mentally drawing her into me I wrapped her panties and stockings around my cock and stroked. I was lost as my orgasm started to build and without thinking of the consequences I came in spurting spasms into the soft material which hours earlier had held her so close.

Calming I went back to my room and stashed her underclothes in a drawer. I had to admit, if nothing else happened this arrangement was going to be far more fun than my previous place. Truth is at this point I had no idea what I was in store for.

Part 3. The first few days.

That evening Simone returned from her aerobic session. I had recovered a little from my escapade on her bed but the sight of her just brought everything back. My throat felt tight, my stomach light and my cock heavy as it does moments before stiffening. Not being entirely sure of my position with her I sat down looking to hide the obvious swelling in my jogging pants. Trying to remain purely conversational as I watched the TV I asked how her day had been.

'Fine. Good classes on a Saturday, everyone seems really keen to take part. Some days you end up with a load of blobs fooling themselves. They think it sounds good to say they go.'

She obviously hadn't showered at the gym, not wanting perhaps to hang around at the weekend and slumped down opposite me in a chair. She had peeled some of her gym gear off wearing only a pair of tight leggings and a sporty crop top. Sitting as she was, her pussy was clearly outlined against the fabric. I was acutely aware that I now had a complete erection only hidden by the way I was sitting. 

I had only just moved in and Simone was acting as if I had been there for months. Completely at ease. She asked about me and seemed genuinely interested, it struck me that we really did seem to get on well quite naturally. As the time went by and the conversation picked up and dropped off in a natural cycle, I noticed that see kept looking at me differently. Her expression was....as if she was studying me.

At this point she jumped up and said she was taking a shower. Now the only shower was in my bathroom so it appeared that whilst I paid the extra, all had the use of it. It occurred to me immediately that this was no bad thing. The prospect of at least Simone slipping in and out of my room was attractive.

Anyway, away she went and a little later padded through to her room in a dressing gown. I went into my room as well thinking to read through the latest text I had been sent. I sat on the bed. Lying in the middle was a pair of my underpants, not left there by me. I picked them up and noticed immediately that they were damp. The scent hit me. Simone. Strong and pungent, heady, it filled my nostrils and wrapped it self round my brain. A flood of thoughts raced through me. Firstly she had done exactly the same as me but not even attempted to hide it, then I realised she must have known what I had done. I pulled the bedside drawer out. Empty. Bloody hell, she had taken back her lingerie soaked in my cum! My cock had already started to fill and bulge as the door opened and a smiling Simone walked in, naked, holding the lingerie.

'aahhh.....' was all I could say. Clearly breathless and with a glazed expression she crawled onto the bed and sat crossed legged opposite me.

'Don't say anything' she said ' the moment I saw you at the door the other day I went wet. It hasn't happened like that for ages. I lied, I had loads of people apply for the flat but I had to have you here' I was dumbstruck. She wanted me above all the others. 'and now it seems you feel the same way'

She smiled and I was lost completely. In some incredible way I felt I was falling not just in lust with this woman but in love. In such a short length of time and under, admittedly, unusual circumstances. Not one to tell the grandchildren!

'OK. Let me tell you what I want.' she said, clearly nervous and excited. ' I don't want you to fuck me yet. I want to know you better first. This has happened all very suddenly. I want to watch you pleasure yourself and I will rub my pussy for you.' I didn't say a word.

I quickly shrugged my clothes off and leaned back against the headboard with my legs open, either side of her. She lifted her own legs over mine. When her smooth warm skin touched me I groaned and my cock finally stiffened fully. I started massaging my balls, not wanting to touch my cock immediately. She stared as I worked my fingers abound my heavy sack. I could see the effect it had on her. Her nipples were erect and very pronounced, dark buds. Her fingers went straight to her pussy. She leaned back slightly on her left arm as her right hand started rubbing in a circular motion over her lips. She kept a steady rhythm going as my hand moved to my shaft and started to stroke, uncapping my cock revealed to her my large swollen head already glistening with pre-cum. The whole situation aroused me quickly but I kept stroking for her. I wanted to hold back. It dawned on me that the same urgency had hit her. Her scent filled me as her fingers pushed inside and she didn't once stop smiling.

'Shit I can feel myself cumming' she cried. She shuffled forward closer to me lifted her fingers and pushed them in my mouth. The juices on her fingers tasted like nectar, my mind swirled as she shifted position bringing her body in close contact, I desperately wanted her to lower her saturated cunt onto me and I almost threw myself forward to take her. The she dropped her hand, I thought to find her pussy again. I jumped as she hand joined my. She fisted her hand around my exposed cock head, squeezing. She rotated her fingers around the pulsing bulb, her thumb mercilessly massaging right on the sensitive skin underneath. I was reaching boiling point as I let go of myself and replaced her fingers with mine on her pussy. She was incredibly wet and as I touched her hard clitty she jumped and squealed. My fingers slipped inside her and out, massaging her whole fleshy area then settled into a steady rhythm, my middle finger circled her bud, my other fingers sliding up and down her lips.

I couldn't hold any longer, the pressure in my cock bursting up and out through her fingers, oozing hot cum, erupting into her hand. My climax triggered hers, she whimpered and moved closer still as her body convulsed and stiffened, her legs gripped me hard, her pussy pulsed and the lips seemed to purse and suck as if searching out a cock to drain. I looked into her wide open eyes, deep pools of dark brown liquid honey, her mouth hung open as she shuddered, I could feel the breath of tiny gasps on my lips, we kissed for the first time. A passive kiss, lips and tongues pressed together as the last of our orgasms subsided.

For a while we just stayed like than, still. My hand cupped her pussy, her fingers still clasped my cock, pressed against each other. As our heads cleared we parted slightly, but only a little not wanting to loose whatever it was that we had round. Her smile returned and her eyes said everything. I was aware of her still hard nipples against me. She released me and massaged my cum into her lovely flat belly. We relaxed and naturally slipped further down the bed holding each other. I hadn't even entered her yet I felt that we had consumed each other.

'Well. What now?' I said. She sighed

'I have not felt anything like that for two and a half years. What now? You stay in this flat and we will do everything together. Everything.'

Part 4. The Pub Garden

Making love with Simone and not actually entering her had had an incredible affect on me. We had dozed for a while and on waking, had each showered separately. Not at all embarrassed with each other but each of us respecting our thoughts, given the speed with which this had happened. Not so much the physical, at least for me, but the emotional. Falling in love had not been part of my mental picture but now I felt very strange. The fact that Simone had expressed her developing feelings so early on only added to the bewitching headiness of it all.

It didn't frighten me, in fact it made the whole situation more intoxicating. That evening we watched TV and ate a light meal. We sat close to one another legs and arms entwined and gently caressed each other finding the sensitive areas that aroused each of us. Nothing else happened but we kissed before going to our separate bedrooms. I came close to abandoning this self imposed, unspoken restraint when her soft, moist mouth closed over mine. Her tongue lightly traced the outline of my lips, then slowly slipped inside my mouth. I was struck by the vaguely symbolic image of her penetrating me. As if our roles had been reversed. We lay on the sofa, stretched out with Simone laying half on top of me. She had been wearing soft pyjamas all evening so I could feel her body heat. My shorts and T-shirt did nothing to hide my hard cock which she had studiously ignored, the tension almost excruciating. Her soft foot gently slid up and down my leg as I wrapped my arms around her tightly. I slipped my fingers into her hair and kissed her back, this time deeply, urging out tongues to meet and merge as one writhing sensual entity. 

We kept this up for a while and gently allowed it to slow down. Parting we went to our beds and agreed not to seek any self satisfaction. I realised then that this relationship, whether it lasted or not was going to be intense and inventive with a sexual perspective normally only dreamed about.

The following day, Sunday, we did the things new lovers tend to do when not shagging themselves stupid. We walked, talked, went for lunch at a pub, held hands and generally relaxed in each others company. This served to only build a sexual tension between us. In the pub Simone slipped to the ladies room and returned to hand me, under the table, her panties and bra. Now she sat before me wearing only a thin cotton summer dress. She then led me out to the garden where we found a quiet corner away from prying eyes. Simone seated herself with her back to the garden that was visible, slipped off her sandals placing her bare feet on my thighs and unbuttoned the dress. I could hardly swallow as her body came into full view. I gazed at her exquisite form, her breasts wonderfully firm with dark stiff nipples, her flat tummy leading the eye to a fairly thick dark bush, trimmed but still left at its basic natural shape and length. Her pussy lips were already parted and moist, her scent quickly lifting to my nose. She was still aroused from the night before as she ran her palm over her breasts and with the fingers splayed, across her tummy and into her bush. She finger combed herself allowing only the barest of finger tips to touch her skin. Her back arched as she sighed louder than she expected.
