 "You are going to keep your dick in your pants, your hand off of it and you are going to take pictures all night long." She said leaning toward me and whispering in my ear. "And right now, you are going to go home and get the family room ready, make sure the camera has batteries and there is beer in the fridge. And I am going to suck Scott's cock and anybody else I can find here."

My cock was hard. I wasn't sure I liked this, even though it was what I had been pushing for. She was acting as wanton as I had felt most of the time recently. No matter what we did, it was never enough, never nasty enough, never enough risk of getting caught.

But, I did as I was told. I left her there. I left here there knowing she planned on sucking and or fucking Scott. She would fuck anyone else that presented themselves. She seemed serious this time. She seemed as if was truly embracing a slut lifestyle.

So, I stopped at Weaver's liquors on the way home and got some beer and some wine for her. I stopped at Dollar General to get some batteries for the camera. Then I drove home.

The house was pretty clean because me having been alone at home all week, I had kept up with all the cleaning, and she was not typically one to create a mess at night, except on the bed. So, I changed the sheets and pillowcases and did a general straightening of the bedroom.

I expected her home soon, and I was disappointed. It was late, and I had been trying to watch TV to keep my mind off the passage of time. I went to the computer and logged on to our swinger's website. I chatted with some of the guys that had fucked her. I chatted with a few guys who wanted to fuck her.

That started to turn me on. I started private chats and talked to them about what they wanted to do with her. I made tentative plans. Some of them were interesting although nothing we had not done before.

Then, shortly after 1:30 am, I heard the doorknob upstairs. Before I could get up to open it, the door burst open, and as I topped the basement stairs, I saw Heather stumble in with 4 guys. There were the 2 guys from the movies, 1 guy I had never seen and Gene, the bartender.

Gene was holding Heather up on his shoulder with one arm wrapped around her and clutching at her tit on the other side. The guy I didn't know was kissing her neck and the two I did know were helping get her up the stairs since she was so drunk she could not stand on her own.

They shut the door behind themselves, and before I could get out a word, she called me over and kissed me.

"How's my baby?" she said in such a slurred voice it was almost unintelligible. "They are all gonna fuck me while you take pictures. Doesn't that turn you on?"

She dropped to her knees, hard, right there and pulled out Bobby's cock clumsily. She wrapped her hand around the tip and slowly slid her fist down the length of his cock with her mouth sliding down its length right behind her fist. Her hand went to the base of his shaft and held it while she pumped it against the back of her throat.

It was too long to go deep without work. She was good at deepthroating, but required some warm up to stretch her throat large enough to accommodate a cock the size of his. It was long, probably ten inches, with a lot of girth and a slight downward droop. He had not been circumcised. 

That shocked me, because Heather had always detested uncircumcised penises, but that was a prejudice that she had apparently overcome. She kept thrusting his cock to the back of her throat while reaching blindly for other cocks around her.

Slowly, but forcefully, she took Bobby's cock to the back of her throat and then she continued to push. Then her head was bouncing very slightly up and down on his buried cock while she sensually stroked Gene's cock.

Gene had seen her tits many times, and had made it clear he wanted to fuck her on many occasions.

I went up to the bedroom to get the camera, and left them alone for a few minutes so they could all establish their roles. When I came back downstairs, Heather was lying back on the sofa with Bobby's cock sliding in and out of her shaved pussy while her labia gripped his dick for all they were worth.

Gene was straddling her with his cock pumping her mouth. He held the sides of her head by her hair and she offered no resistance as he fucked her face. Her hands were working over the other two cocks, as the two boys who owned them had elected to drop their pants rather than remove them.

I began to snap pictures, framing them as best as possible, working in a semi-circle around them in order to get all the best angles. I tilted the camera to get those off-kilter shots that I was famous for. I zoomed in on the cock in her mouth. I got close-ups of her stretched labia massaging a cock on its way out.

She rolled over and climbed on top of Gene and he slid his cock into her waiting pussy and Bobby immediately went for her ass. She balked, but he was insistent. He pushed and as her ass gave up its resistance, she yelped right before she took one of the other cocks in her mouth.

She was on all fours, over Gene who had his cock buried in her pussy with Bobby towering over behind her, slowly trying to get her ass accustomed to the invader. She was supporting herself on all fours so the other two guys took turns shoving their cock into her awaiting mouth.

She finally got used to the feeling of being DP'ed and began to enjoy it, so her fellatio took on a fresh energy. As she sucked, one of the guys was obviously about to cum, and she began to work more intensely on his cock, taking it deeper, sucking harder, twisting her head as it slid out. 

When it seemed he could hold it no longer, she started to suck his cock in rapid, short strokes, never letting it leave her mouth until his body began to arch and spasm as he shot his load into her mouth. 

She continued to suck while her ass and pussy were now being pounded. As he ejaculated into her mouth, her eyes were locked on me. She was looking for my approval.

"Good slut". I mouthed the words and she smiled and began bucking her bottom against the cocks, driving them deeper and harder as she moved to the remaining dick. One guys cum was dripping from her lips as she took the other guys noticeably smaller penis to the base in her mouth.

She pumped the entire length of his cock with her mouth repeatedly as her ass and pussy were continually filled. She moaned with delight as her ass bottomed out on Bobby's cock.

Then, she suddenly rolled off and got to her knees between Gene and Bobby, taking their cocks in her mouth in turn, all the while watching me and posing for the camera. 

I snapped off every shot possible until Gene started to shoot his load as she stroked him while she sucked Bobby. Her mouth snapped onto Gene's cock, barely missing the first droplets of his cum, taking the rest as he pumped it into her mouth. Her hand never stopped pumping Bobby's cock and her eyes never left mine.

As Gene pulled out of her mouth, she gave him a final suck and a lick before she swallowed his cum and latched on to Bobby's spasming cock. He pumped his load into her waiting mouth as well.

She sucked him deeply one more time, then worked her way down to his balls. I was encouraging her with looks that urged her to continue. I was urging her to be dirtier and nastier. She passed Bobby's balls and worked her way toward his asshole.

From her angle, she of course, couldn't reach it.

"Turn around" I told him.

He did, and she immediately began to lick up and down his crack, pausing at the pucker of his asshole several times before she began to focus on it. She licked it. She tried to fuck it with her pointy delicate tongue. She sucked it.

He had saliva running down the crack of his ass as she focused on it.

She looked up at me, the guys spent for the moment, and lay down on the floor. She started to play with her pussy, spreading the lips wide and holding it as I snapped photos. She touched her ass, inserting fingers and holding it for me.

Then she climbed back on the couch, curling up with her legs on Gene's lap and her head on Bobby's. Bobby's cock was inches from her mouth and she began to lick it playfully. Gene, his cock raging hard again, climbed between her legs abd began to cuck her mercilessly and she allowed Bobby to use her mouth again.

Bobby came in her mouth again, but this time she held her mouth open so I could get pictures of cum on her tongue. Of her swallowing cum. Sucking cum off her fingers.

Then, as Gene finished fucking her, she lay there and let him, always posing for the camera, and when he started to pull out, she told him to cum in her as she ground her pussy harder into him to make sure he did just that.

When he did, she moaned as he pressed into her and his body tensed up, shooting his semen into her waiting cunt.

She lay there for a few seconds, but then proclaimed that she had to have something to drink, asking if anyone else wanted anything. She didn't bother to put any clothes on. She was just a naked service wench going to get beers.

As she walked away toward the kitchen, he firm ass swayed back and forth. As she came back with several beer bottles in hand, her tits bounced with each step. She handed each guy a beer, and she guzzled hers straight down.

She went back to the kitchen and I heard the beer bottle hit the trash can. As she walked back in the room, her hands were squeezing her tits, cupping them and pushing them together as she lowered herself onto the floor between Bobby and Gene.

The other two guys, whose names I still didn't know, had given up and pulled their clothes back on. But, Gene and Bobby were still naked, and she got on her knees between them. She reached for both of their cocks at the same time, licking her lips before taking Bobby into her mouth.

She was once again watching me with another man's cock in her mouth.