 Life is a strange thing. Just when you think you've got it figured out, it throws you a curveball. 

My wife, Kara, is an extremely beautiful girl with long blonde hair and a toned tan body. She also happens to be extremely modest in the bedroom. Whenever we try something new I'm always the one making the suggestion. 

Through the years I've learned that the best times to approach her with a new idea is after I've already gotten her in a nice horny mood. Slowly Kara has warmed up to trying new positions, toys, and has recently been able to relax so much that she squirted (ejaculated) for the first time. I have to say I'm very proud of how far she has come (sorry about the pun).

There is one fantasy though that I have never been able to persuade my wife into doing ... having a threesome. I would shyly bring it up while we shared our fantasies in bed, but the answer would always be a resounding "no." It had gotten to the point that I had pretty much given up on the idea. All of that changed though when Kara returned from a bachelorette party last week.

Kara's friend Jen is getting married in about a month, so a group of her best friends decided to throw her a bachelorette party at a beach house in Montauk. They spent the weekend drinking, dancing, and having a grand ole time. Kara was pretty vague about the details of the weekend (which was to be expected) and I tried my best not pry when she got home. All in all it seemed pretty harmless.

There was however one story that Kara did share that began very innocently, but proved to be quite interesting. On Saturday night after the girls returned from a night of partying, Kara and a few of the other girls decided to stay up and play the drinking game "I Never." The rules of this game are quite simple: One person begins by making a statement: "I've never ...". This statement can be something that they have done or that they haven't done. If you can honestly agree with this statement you don't drink, but if this statement is something that you have done then you have to drink. For example, someone might start this game by saying, "I've never had sex in a public place." Anyone who has had sex in a public place must then take a drink. As you can imagine the conversations heat up from there and the more you play the more honest people become.

Lucky for me, this game was very informative for Kara and served to arouse her curiosity. 

According to her as the game went on the conversation ranged from different positions they had done to whether they enjoyed anal sex or not, to the various sex toys they had used. When it came to Kara's turn she had had a good enough buzz going that she stated, "I never squirted." Then she proceeded to raise her beer and take a good long swig. 

Her statement must have caught the girls by surprise because each of them possessed a jaw-dropped stunned look.

I myself was quite surprised that Kara had shared this information with her friends. She must have noticed this because she said, "I'm sorry honey. I was really drunk." I quickly reassured her that it was okay with me, after all I'm sort of proud of this accomplishment. Kara continued with her story replaying the scene for me. The girls of course were full of questions. 

"How?" "Did it hurt?" "What did it feel like?" "How much came out?"

Kara told them all about the first time it happened; how long it had taken, the technique we used, and how she had to relax her entire body. The girls were still somewhat dazed by this information. 

The game seemed to stall there for a few minutes until Kara's friend Michelle raised her voice and her eyebrows and said, "I've never had a threesome." Then she slowly raised her glass of wine and took a sip. Her other friend Tammie also took a drink from her glass.

"Really!" Kara yelled.

"Yes. Really," they both replied in unison.

"Wait. Not together?" Kara asked.

"Yes," said Michelle as Tammie nodded her head too.

"No! Who was the third person?" asked Kara in complete astonishment.

"My ex-boyfriend Chad," said Tammie. "And to be quite honest, I would never do it again. It probably ruined our relationship."

"That relationship was doomed to begin with," Michelle chimed in.

"Wow," said Kara. "Michelle, would you do it again?" Kara asked.

"Well ..." Michelle paused. "I never say never."

I suddenly became even more interested in Kara's story. "This is amazing," I said. 

I couldn't believe two of Kara's best friends had had a threesome. Tammie being one of them really surprised me. She was the quiet type, but she was also someone who followed the crowd and could be talked into doing things. 

Michelle, on the other hand didn't surprise me at all. Michelle was a thin brunette with a bit of a wild child in her. You probably wouldn't notice it at first; she's very natural looking, but striking at the same time; with long brown hair and blue-green eyes. I have little doubt the idea of a threesome came from either Tammie's ex-boyfriend or Michelle.

Kara now had my complete attention. "So what happened next?" I asked.

"Wow! Aren't you interested?" Kara said.

Their game continued, but nothing else that was said had the same type of impact on the group. Little by little the girls drifted off to their respective bedrooms and couches until all that remained were Kara and Michelle. 

Michelle looked at Kara and said, "Okay, we can't go to bed until this bottle of wine gets finished. And you have to tell me more about this squirting thing."

"Okay," Kara agreed, "but only if you tell me more about this threesome thing!" 

They walked into the kitchen to grab Kara a glass. Sitting there at the kitchen table Kara did her best to explain what squirting felt like.

"Imagine total release. Have you ever seen the look on a guy's face after sex?" Kara asked.

"Yes. Total satisfaction. They're usually exhausted and lifeless," said Michelle.

"Exactly. Well that's how I feel after ejaculating. Before I did this, sex with John was always good, but I never felt entirely fulfilled. At least not like he did," Kara explained. "But now I can't have sex without it. I need him to make me cum every time."

"And do you? Every time?" asked Michelle.

"Not every time, but almost every time," said Kara.

"Wow, you've got me so interested now. I've got to go home and try this with the first guy I meet," Michelle said smiling.

"So now what about this threesome?" Kara asked.

"Oh it was nothing," said Michelle.

"Bullshit!" yelled Kara.

"Okay, okay. I'll tell you. I've always been interested in being in a threesome. I thought it would be a different experience for me. You know, something new," Michelle explained. 

"So one night Tammie and I were talking and she brought up how her boyfriend Chad had asked her if she would be interested in having a threesome with one of the girls he knew from work. Tammie told me how she could never do something like that, at least not with a total stranger. That's when I told her how I've always been curious about having a threesome, but wasn't sure if I could ever go through with it," said Michelle.

"And that was it?" asked Kara.

"Yea, pretty much," said Michelle. "We arranged to get together for drinks at Tammie's apartment and little by little one thing led to another."

"Hmm," Kara smiled.

"Hmm, what?" asked Michelle.

"I don't know. My husband has always asked me if I would be interested in having a threesome, but it never really interested me. I didn't want to share him with another woman, so I was never really curious about it," Kara paused. "Until now."

"Well, I'm glad I could broaden your horizons," said Michelle smiling. "Now we both have something new to try."

You could imagine how stunned I was as Kara told me this story. I had brought the idea of a threesome up to my wife hundreds of times before, but never had I even noticed an inkling of interest from her. Then she goes off to a bachelorette party of all things and comes back sexually liberated? Talk about a curveball.

"Honey are you okay?" asked Kara. 

"Yea, I'm just ... trying to take this all in," I replied.

"Well, this is the good part," Kara explained. "Since Michelle and I both have a new curiosity we were wondering if we could help each other out."

My jaw dropped even further to the ground.

"Michelle said that she could help us out if we wanted her to, but only if we helped her learn how to ... you know," Kara said shyly "squirt."

I could not have envisioned a better arrangement. I pretended to think about it for a second or two, not wanting to seem too eager and then calmly said, "That sounds okay to me."

Michelle was one of the few of Kara's friends that I could see myself with. She had a great body, tall and thin, dark brown hair, a really pretty face with freckles sprinkled around her nose and cheeks, and a personality that was actually enjoyable to be around.

"How do we go about arranging this though?" I asked.

"Well we thought of that too," said Kara. "I figured we would follow the same recipe that worked for Michelle last time."

"Drinks at Tammie's?" I asked jokingly.

"No! A couple of bottles of wine right here at our house," Kara said.

"Sounds like a plan. When is this little ménage à trios going to happen?" I asked.

"Next Saturday," Kara answered. "I figured that would give us a week to think about it."

"Think about it!" I thought to myself. The only thing to think about was what type of wine goes best in such a situation. "That's a good idea honey," I replied. 

I spent the next week trying to assuage any doubts and fears Kara might have had. I pampered her beyond belief and never stopped showing her how much I loved her.

The week went by quicker than I had expected. Before we knew it Saturday was upon us. Michelle was due to arrive at our house at about 9:00 PM. 

At around three o'clock I went out to I pick up a few bottles of Chardonnay, Kara's favorite wine, and a dozen red roses. When I came home an hour later I found Kara sitting at the kitchen table working on an old crossword puzzle. I placed the roses on the table. 

"Honey, these are for you," I said. "Because no matter what happens tonight I want you to know that I love you above all things, and I will always feel this way." "John you are so great, but you really didn't have to," said Kara as she got up to kiss me. "I'm not worried about tonight, actually I'm sort of excited." 

She grabbed hold of my hand and walked me into the living room. It was filled with candles, all waiting to be lit.

"Wow! You're really setting the mood aren't you?" I said.

"That's not all," she said as she led me to the bedroom. As she opened the door I could see more candles placed throughout the room.

"You are amazing honey! I think I could take lessons from you," I said smiling.

"Well I just thought it would make it easier for everyone to get in the mood," said Kara as she blushed. "Well it definitely got me in the mood," I said as I pulled Kara close to me, her waist touching my shorts as they strained against my now hard dick. "Oh honey!" Kara said. "You'll need to save 'him' for later. I don't want to tire him out." "Believe me Kara he will be ready for later. Besides I'll probably last longer if we do something with 'him' now," I said. "Well," Kara said as she placed her hand on my shorts and cupped my package, "what do you want me to do with 'him.'" "Whatever you're up for," I replied as Kara unzipped my shorts and pulled them down to my ankles.

Kara didn't say another word. She slowly sank down to her knees and gently grabbed hold of my dick. She touched its tip with her finger and seductively licked my pre-cum off it. 

I could feel her breath on my balls as she kissed up and down my shaft, sending shivers through my body. Then she teasingly licked my dick from base to tip before wrapping her mouth around it. I was barely able to stand. She slowly moved her lips further down until she had taken every inch of me into her gorgeous mouth. Her lips wrapped around my base for a few seconds as my hands fell gently on her hair. Then she slowly began to bob her head up and down my shaft, my hands guiding her movements.

Her head moved faster and faster as her tongue beautifully massaged my dick inside her mouth. 

"Oh Kara!" I yelled trying to hold myself back. This only caused her to work harder on my cock. 

Up and down her lips glided over my dick, pausing slightly at the tip each time. Then finally as I began to reach my climax, she shortened her strokes and worked her lips and tongue over my mushroom tip. This was all I could take. My dick exploded with cum and Kara swallowed down every drip.

"Oh Kara!" I grunted as my cock emptied into her mouth. 

She slowly got up, as I fell backward onto the bed. "Look at you. Are you sure you're going to be all right for tonight?" she said laughing. "We have to rejuvenate you somehow."

"Power-nap," I mumbled, "and maybe a cappuccino."

"Okay, you lie here for a bit and I'll wake you up when I get out of the shower," Kara said.

The power-nap was all I needed. We both washed up and then grabbed a quick bite to eat. After dinner Kara said, "I'm going to get changed into something a little nicer. Michelle should be here soon."

I put on the television and hoped to catch the end of the Yankees game. Kara returned from the bedroom looking stunning. She was wearing a pair of white pants that hugged her ass so nicely and a pink backless shirt.

"Wow!" I said.

"Easy there big guy. I don't want to get you started all over again," Kara said.

"You're right honey," I replied and I sat down to watch the game, hoping that would relieve my momentary arousal.

At about ten after nine the doorbell rang. I opened the door to find Michelle looking as sexy as ever, her little yellow sundress complimenting her golden summer tan. She ran her fingers to comb her long dark hair out of her face and handed me a bottle of wine. "Hi John," she said as we greeted each other with a friendly kiss on the cheek.

"How are you Michelle?" I said holding the door open for her.

I could hear my wife calling from the living room, "It's about time Michelle. Come on in."

I watched Michelle walk through the kitchen to our living room, still not fully believing that she had come over for more than just drinks. My wife quickly gulped down the remains of some wine she had in her glass, and opened her arms to greet Michelle. They gave each other an innocent hug and kiss, but for me it was more than that – it was a foreshadowing of things to come. My mind raced, picturing their tanned bodies together in that embrace.

As I opened the bottle of wine Michelle had handed me I could hear Kara pouring three new glasses of wine in the other room. It was obvious to me that my wife wanted the wine to work quickly on any inhibitions she might have. Lucky for me my wife is a bit of a lightweight when it comes to drinking. Michelle took a seat next to Kara on the couch and I placed the new bottle on the coffee table and sat on the opposite side of my wife. 

"So, I don't know about you Michelle, but it took me a full two days to recover from Jen's bachelorette party," Kara said as she placed a friendly hand on Michelle's knee.

Michelle laughed, "That's because you don't get out enough anymore. Are you two becoming that boring married couple already?"

"Hey! Don't place me in that category," I said. "Kara's never been one to recover quickly from a good night out. Besides we've found that sometimes a 'good night in' is better than a good night out." I raised my eyebrows and smiled at Kara.

"Yes, that is definitely true," said Kara as she turned and kissed me on the mouth, teasingly slipping her tongue through her lips for a quick moment. 

As she turned back I could see that Michelle had placed her hand on Kara's knee. "I've heard about that," Michelle said smiling. Little by little we danced around the task at hand. Flirting back and forth with each other. Feeling more and more comfortable as we emptied our glasses of wine. 

"So what usually happens during these famous 'nights in' that you two have?" asked Michelle with a sly smile.

"Well that depends, do you want the G-rated version or the X-rated version? In the G-rated version we usually rent a movie and Kara falls asleep midway through it," I said. "The other version is quite different."

Kara elbowed me in the ribs.

"Oh I know all about those G-rated nights, tell me about the naughty ones," Michelle said as she moved her hand further up Kara's leg. 

Kara looked at me. Her cheeks we getting pink, but I couldn't tell if that was from the wine or from blushing.

I got up off the couch and turned on the CD player, "Well on those nights I usually put on some Motown." I returned to the couch and placed my hand softly on Kara's other leg. I continued, "Then I begin by kissing her right about here," my lips barely touching the skin on Kara's neck just below her jaw line. I could feel my wife's body shudder slightly.

"Sort of like this," Michelle asked as she leaned in to kiss the other side of Kara's neck. I heard a soft sigh escape Kara's mouth as my eyes turned upward to see Michelle mirroring my actions on the other side of my wife's body. The sight of another woman kissing Kara's neck had an immediate impact on my body. My cock strained against my pants, longing to be freed.

"Then I might run my hand up her leg," I said softly not wanting to ruin the mood. Michelle followed my lead as both of our hands slowly ran up Kara's pants delicately meeting at her crotch.

Not wanting to sound like a directions manual I stopped my commentary and Michelle and I continued our little game of follow the leader. With our hands together we gently applied pressure on Kara crotch, we could already feel her getting moist through her pants.

"Oohh," she moaned as my lips and tongue met her jaw, my teeth gently biting the angle of her jaw. Michelle's hand had now moved up from my wife's crotch and had begun to unzipper Kara's pants. 

Kara moaned and turned her head toward me. She seemed to hesitate for a moment, but then placed her hand on my face and deeply kissed me. She was allowing herself to be taken away by the moment.

Michelle had opened Kara's pants to reveal her clean-shaven pussy. Kara opened her legs wider, unconsciously succumbing to her desire. With my mouth still kissing Kara's neck, I watched as Michelle's hand slipped down my wife's glistening pussy.

"Oh God," Kara sighed, her body almost sliding off the couch.

Michelle looked up at me and then at the door to the bedroom, without a word I understood what she wanted. I placed an arm around Kara's waist and stood up, raising her off the couch.

"But ..." Kara protested, obviously not wanting to leave her current state of near ecstasy.

"It's okay honey, we'll be more comfortable in there," Michelle replied.

I held Kara's hand and led the three of us into the bedroom. The bed was strewn with rose petals as I walked her to the foot of the bed. Kara pulled one of the spaghetti straps on her blouse and it fell to the floor. I laid her down on the bed and pulled off her pants. 

Michelle had already undressed, dropping her dress on the floor below her. Her naked body was now before me for the first time. Her tan lines creating a flesh colored bikini around her small perky breasts and neatly shaven pussy. 

She walked around to the head of the bed and laid down, her face now even with Kara's, her feet at the top of the bed. I quickly undressed, finally freeing my hard-on from its restraints. I positioned myself on the other side of my wife. 

I moved closer, my lips touching the side of Kara's breast as my hand gently touched her face. Michelle's hand slowly moved down Kara's tan flat stomach. Then Kara raised her head and whispered, "John, could it just be Michelle for a moment?"
