 Angelina has been one of my lady friends since her 18th birthday. Recently, she went by bus to a nearby town to take care of some personal business. The day before she returned, Angelina called me and asked me to pick her up at the bus station, told me how horny she had gotten and suggested that we could go from the bus station to my house and attend to that horniness. Mysteriously, she told me she had a surprise for me. Angelina is a very spontaneous person, with an erotic imagination so I was eager to experience the "surprise". One time she had surprised me with a new tongue piercing and the smooth stud she was wearing when she sucked my cock was an experience I won't forget.

When she got off the bus, I was very glad to see her. As her name would imply, Angelina, who is only 19 years old, is Hispanic, but she has long blonde hair, blue eyes and a smiling, very beautiful face, five feet, four inches tall with a gorgeous, full figure, the kind that is preferred by most heterosexual men, including me. We were very glad to see each other and, as we hugged and kissed I felt the smooth stud in her tongue, which brought very pleasant memories to mind.

As we released our hugs and our lips separated, I saw another person, also Hispanic, a young, beautiful, very petite woman with fair skin and long, black hair. "George, this is Maya. Maya, this is George", Angelina made the introductions. When I am introduced to a man, we shake hands routinely. When I am introduced to a woman, I am not always sure just what to do. I started to tentatively put out my hand, but Maya stepped up to me, stood on her tiptoes, wrapped her arms around me and kissed me on the lips. Reflexively, I hugged her and kissed her back. I could feel her small, firm breasts against my chest and I could feel her pubic area grinding against mine. This was certainly nicer than shaking hands.

"This is the surprise I told you about. I've told Maya about us and she wants to join us today. I mean, she wants to join you and she wants to join me. She likes both boys and girls. You know how I've been wondering about another woman. I hope you don't mind." Mind? Angelina thinks I might mind having a beautiful young woman join us for some hot sex? She must not know me as well as I thought she did. "By the way, Maya is 20 years old", Angelina added. I had been a bit concerned, and I was glad to know that.

As I drove the three of us to my house, I had pleasant thoughts of hugging and kissing Maya and of feeling her pubic area against mine and even more pleasant thoughts of how it would be much better when we were both naked. When we reached my house, nobody was interested in food or coffee or anything else that wouldn't be happening in the bedroom, so that was were we headed immediately after removing our shoes and socks and refreshing ourselves in the bathroom.

Angelina, wearing the Batman T-shirt she favors, stood between me and Maya. We both took hold of the hem and lifted up and Angelina raised her hands as we peeled the T-shirt off her. I was standing behind her so I unhooked her bra, and Maya pulled it off, exposing Angelina's beautiful full breasts with their big, dark brown nipples. That lucky Maya was in front so she took one of Angelina's gorgeous twins in either hand. "You have really beautiful boobies, Angelina", she said. "I look like a boy compared to you." Then she started licking the nipples. While Maya's tongue was getting and giving pleasure, I reached around Angelina, unfastened her pants and pulled them down over her voluptuous hips and ass, and then pulled down her panties, taking the opportunity to fondle her soft, smooth, brown skin and caress her pubic hair. While Maya continued licking her nipples, I knelt behind Angelina, put my hands on her luscius asscheeks and spread them apart, giving me a view of the beautiful clean, brown rosebud I expected to be fucking later that day. She looked back at me, smiled and said "Later. You gotta eat my pussy first." That, of course, would be my pleasure, as well as hers, since I had been able to smell the heavenly aroma, and I was eager to smell it from closer and to eat her really lovely pussy.

Angelina, now naked, moved past Maya and lay on her back on my king-sized bed. Maya turned to me and started unbuttoning my shirt, and when she was done, I shrugged out of it and peeled her T-shirt off her. She was braless under it and her breasts were small but firm and shaply. I pulled down her shorts and then her bikini panties and noted the neatly trimmed pubic hair and the wonderful aroma of her pussy, that I expected to be eating in a few minutes. Maya is beautiful but slender. Personally, I prefer voluptuous figures like Angelina's, but I like women of all shapes and sizes, either beautiful like Maya and Angelina or not beautiful. After Maya stepped out of her clothing, she unfastened my pants and pulled them and my underwear down to the floor and we were all naked.

Maya got onto the bed beside Angelina and again held one of her luscious titties in either hand and started licking the nipples, switching her attentions from one to the other every few strokes. Her tongue was small and quick and caressed and fondled Angelina's big, sensitive nipples. I crawled under Maya and started licking her smaller, but still beautiful, nipples. Although they are small compared to Angelina's, she did not look like a boy, nor did she feel like a boy to my tongue. Angelina was already purring contentedly. "I'm really horny, you guys", she said, "and I'm already wet so do me good." She was right about being wet because I could already smell her delectable pussy juices. Maya continued to lick Angelina's adorable nipples which I know to be very enjoyable, but she didn't suck them yet, even though they are really beautiful, and I know how good they feel in my mouth.

I drew one of Maya's small but shapely titties into my mouth and started to suck on it, with my lips acting as a seal. While I sucked on it, I licked her erect nipple. She cooed happily at this and thrust her chest toward my face while continuing to lick Angelina's nipples. After sucking on Maya's sweet titty for about half a minute, I moved my mouth to it's beautiful twin, and that was when I saw her taking one of Angelina's succulent globes into her mouth. I moved my mouth back and forth on Maya's pretty breasts, sucking on them and licking the nipples and I saw her doing the same to Angelina.

Maya's pussy had also started lubricating by then and she started licking and kissing her way down Angelina's body so I did the same to her. As we went down, I could feel Angelina's hand fondling my cock and I knew we would soon have to reposition ourselves so all three of us could be giving and getting oral pleasure at the same time. Maya's soft, curly, black pubic hair felt good to my tongue so I stopped and continued to lick her there until it would be time to move on, and I could see her licking Angelina in the same area. Both of Angelina's soft hands were caressing my cock and my balls and she was hitching her way across the bed until she could replace her hands with her mouth, which would be much more peasurable for both of us.

At last, I could feel the stud in Angelina's strong tongue licking my balls, so I moved my head between Maya's legs, wrapped my arms around her slender thighs and started licking her delectable pussy. She moved her head between Angelina's legs and cupped her hands on her asscheeks and began aplying her tongue to her fragrant pussy. The three of us were lying on our left sides, forming a triangle as all of our tongues and mouths got busy giving and receiving pleasure. Like always, I started by sucking and licking the delicious fresh juices out of Maya's pussy, and I assume she did the same with Angelina, because this seems to be universal for those who love to eat pussies.

After I finished devouring all of Maya's juices, I started licking the inside surface of one of her outer pussy lips, beginning below her vagina. Slowly and thoroughly I licked, loving the feel of Maya's lip on my tongue and the glorious aroma and taste of her pussy. When I reached the place where the inner and outer lips are close, I moved my tongue even more slowly because I had two surfaces to lick, and I probed the seam between the two lips. I licked all the way past where the inner lip joins the other inner lip to form the clit hood, all the way to the end of the outer lip, where I licked her pretty mons, and pleasured my tongue on her pubic hair again. Then I brought my tongue back and very gently caressed the top of Maya's clit hood, and was rewarded by more of her delicious pussy juices and by Maya's pussy fucking slowly into my face. As I licked up those fresh juices, I could hear her cooing her pleasure over whart I was doing.

Of course, Maya was also deriving pleasure from eating Angelina's lovely pussy. The first thing she had done was to lick up all the delectable juices that had been produced, and then she probed her clever tongue against the lower edge of Angelina's love hole. The side edges of that lovely place were the next to enjoy the caresses of Maya's tongue, as she probed under the inner lips, slowly licking her way toward Angelina's clit. She was licking slowly because she wanted to enjoy herself to the maximum and to give Angelina the maximum pleasure. The pussy she was eating is delicious to taste and delightful to smell and feels wonderful against the tongue, so Maya wanted to enjoy it totally. Angelina had been horny to start with, and after Maya's skillful caresses with her tongue, Angelina was fucking her pussy into Maya's face and murmurring her pleasure.

The murmurring was not very loud though, because Angelina's mouth was filled with my cock, and she was slowly and happily sucking on it. My cock had been stiff even before Angelina started licking my balls and crotch and she had rubbed it against her face while licking me there. When she licked my balls, she took one at a time gently into her mouth and held it with her lips while caressing it with her tongue. After her tongue had pleasured my balls and itself, she had licked all around the shaft of my cock, and then the head and under the ridge, until she pulled the tip of my cock into her mouth with her tongue. She held the tip just inside her lips and licked the slit in the end and all of the head, then slowly enveloped my cock into her warm, wet mouth, her tongue massaging the shaft as it was engulfed. This is a highly erotic feeling under any circumstances but the stud in Angelina's tongue made it even more so. After my cock was all the way in her mouth, with her nose rubbing my balls, Angelina left it there for a minute, relishing the feel of it filling her oral cavity. Then she slowly backed her mouth away, still licking and caressing with her tongue until just the tip was still within her lips. She kissed it and gently licked it and again took my cock slowly into her mouth and then out again. After that, Angelina had continued slowly sucking my cock in and out, glorying in the feel of the shaft passing between her lips and the head rubbing against the back of her mouth. She continued using her tongue too, and caressing my cock while she had it in her mouth. With every forward stroke, she took my cock all the way into her mouth, so her lips were tickled by my pubic hair, and when she had finished backing her face away, only the tip was still being caressed by her lips. I was moaning ecstatically at the feel of my cock sliding in and out of Angelina's gentle and tender mouth.

Besides that, of course, I was immensely enjoying the feel of my tongue and lips on Maya's pussy. After finishing the inner surface of her first outer lip, and treating myself to the delicious juices in her love hole, I had started licking the other outer lip, and slowly licked and probed my tongue all the way to its end, covering the outer surface of its accompanying inner lip as well. This time, when I licked Maya's clit hood, and felt her start to fuck even more strongly into my face, I curled my tongue delicately under the hood and gently caressed the adorable clit that was hiding there. This contact with Maya's sweetest of sweet spots produced the expected results. Her pussy seemed to go a bit crazy, and was jamming into my face stronger than ever, and producing more delicious juice for my pleasure. Maya's cooing changed to moans of pleasure.

The moans were muffled somewhat by the fact that Maya had her face buried just as deeply in Angelina's beautiful pussy as my face was in hers, and Maya's face was also being fucked by Angelina's pussy. Maya had slowly licked the the inner surface of the first inner lip, and then caressed Angelina's clit hood with her tongue. Now, Maya's tongue was licking along the other inner lip, slowly heading for Angelina's adorable clit. So far, she had avoided making much direct contact with the clit because Maya didn't want Angelina to cum until both of them had enjoyed themselves for a long time. This time, though, when she reached her clit, Maya caressed the hood with numerous strokes of her tongue, then delicately touched the clit with the tip of her tongue. This was not enough for Angelina to cum, but she did get closer to cumming, and her pussy produced more juices and started pounding into Maya's face.

This caused me to have a certain amount of concern because I don't like to have a woman cum when my cock is in her mouth. Some women clench their teeth, and the bruises have faded from my cock but they are still fresh in my memory. When fucking, I believe that nice guys finish last but in this situation, I wanted to be the first to cum. It seemed likely that this might happen anyhow, because I could feel my climax building, as Angelina started sliding my cock faster in and out of her mouth, and I could feel the stud in her tongue as she massaged my shaft. The sight of Angelina's mouth sucking my cock in and out, all the way until her nose was against my balls, was highly erotic but not as much as the fel of it.

The sight was also not as erotic as Maya's splendid pussy, with its delectable taste and aroma. Besides these good things, the feel of it fucking into my face as I licked the lips and her sweet love hole were indescribable. Because I believed that Maya would not be able to bring Angelina to a climax if she started cumming first, Maya should be the last to cum. For that reason, I avoided direct contact with her lovely clit, but I continued to lick everywhere else, including the edges of her wet love hole, and even inside that marvelous place.

Angelina was close to cumming also, as Maya gently licked under her clit hood. Her thighs had turned out and her pussy was presented fully to Maya's mouth, and Maya was making the most of it. She slid her tongue into Angelina's wet love hole and, after sucking out all the delicious juices, started licking the top of the lovely hole, stimulating the underside of her adorable clit, resulting in Angelina slamming her pussy even more strongly into Maya's face and producing more of the delicious juices.

Angelina also tightened her lips on my cock and started sucking my with faster strokes, continuing to take my entire shaft into her mouth and caress it with her tongue, giving me a special thrill every time her stud rubbed against me. I knew I was going to cum any second.

Maya was also close to cumming, and her thighs had rotated slightly, so my mouth had better access to the lovely places it wanted to go. It wanted to go to her clit, because my tongue really loves licking hot clits like Maya's but I resisted, although my tongue was probing between Maya's vagina and her clit, indirectly stimulating that delightful love button.

Angelina was even closer to cumming than Maya, and if her mouth hadn't been full, she would have been begging to cum, and for Maya to suck her clit. She would be doing that soon, anyhow.

My cock jerked as I ejaculated into Angelina's wet mouth, and she kept pumping her lips on me to get all the juice that I had to give, until she took my soft cock out of her mouth and licked off everything that was there.

My cum spurting into Angelina's mouth, and then being milked and licked from my cock brought Angelina that much closer to cumming. Her hips started swiveling under Maya's mouth, and her right leg started thrusting over Maya's shoulder, while her left leg remained stationary beneath her. Angelina wanted badly to cum, and she was begging Maya to suck on her clit. The time had arrived, and Maya knew it so she pushed Angelina's clit hood out of the way with her tongue, and sucked the precious love button into her mouth to suck on it. The reaction by Angelina was almost immediate.

"I'm cumming. I'm cumming", she squealed, and her right leg squeezed Maya's head against her left leg and her hands entangled themselves in Maya's hair. Angelina crooned happily as her pussy tried to wrap itself around Maya's face and her hands on the back of Maya's head tried to help with the wrapping. Maya let go of Angelina's ass with her hands, wrapped her arms around Angelina's hips and held on tightly as both women did everything they could to keep clit and mouth together. When Angelina climaxed, it was with a great thrust of her pussy into Maya's face, and then she loosened the grips she had with her hands and her legs, and her body relaxed. Maya licked all the fresh cum juices from Angelina's pussy and told me she was ready to cum.

Maya had continued producing juices while Angelina was cumming, and I licked those up, then started probing more firmly under her clit hood with my tongue. As I continued probing, her moaning turned to whimpering, until I closed my mouth over her clit and started sucking on it. Again, my lips formed a seal as I sucked on Maya's engorged clit, while my tongue carressed and probed her adorable love button. My mouth continued sucking and caressing and probing while Maya's pussy was jamming against my face, until she started cumming.

Maya tried to roll forward into a 69 position, so I rolled with her, and we ended up with her on top of me and my head beetween her legs. My arms kept a tight grip on Maya's ass and my mouth kept a tight grip on her clit, as my tongue continued to pleasure both of us. Her arms flailed the bed, while her feet kicked the bed behind us and her pussy ground into my face. I hung on for as long as Maya continued cumming, until she climaxed with an arch of her back and one last thrust of her pussy into my face. When I knew she had climaxed, I relinquished my hold on her clit and licked the cum juices from her pussy. When they were all gone, I slid out from under Maya and looked around.

The women were lying peacefully and smiling. Angelina was licking her fingers. "Wow!, Maya. You ate my pussy as well as George does", she exclaimed.

Maya took some affront at this, believing that women are always better at eating pussy than men. At the same time, she had just had her pussy eaten by me, and she knew how good that had been, so she didn't take too much affront. "Well, Angelina, I think George wants to eat your pussy now, so you can compare. But, you're right; he really knows what he is doing." Maya was right, of course. I especially love eating Angelina's pussy, like I especially love eating the pussies of all full figured women.

"Maya, you know how I have been talking about the girl-girl thing? I had so much fun with you eating my pussy that I want to eat yours too. George can eat me at the same time. You guys are both so good, you can tell me when I am doing something or what I am doing right."

I was all for that, of course. Then I had a suggestion. "Angelina, you've got really nice big titties and sensitive nipples. There is something I have seen other women do, that I can't do, and I think you and Maya will both really dig it."
