 "Well, after your late night with Marv last night—" 

Fear suddenly gripped Lauren in her bowels. 

With a grin, George said, "He said you and he had a nice long talk last night. But no, you didn't oversleep. The others have all left for school, and I'm about to, also. Just wanted to let you know." 

"Oh, okay." Lauren was suddenly relieved. 

But George still seemed uneasy. "Uh, well, make yourself at home and, uh, please respect our privacy." 

Now, Lauren easily read between the lines. "George, I wouldn't disrespect your kindness and hospitality by snooping around. That is what we're taking about, isn't it?" 

Looking even more uncomfortable, he said, "I was asked to mention that." 

"I understand. Don't worry." 

"There's a house key on the kitchen counter if you decide you want to go somewhere." 

"Thanks." 

Lauren remained in bed for several minutes since she had been abruptly awakened. When she finally set feet on the floor, after a quick visit to the bathroom, she went downstairs without dressing, assuming no one was home, and to make certain no one was, to get a cup of coffee. 

Had George not said what he did, it might or might not have occurred to Lauren to look around, but there was really nothing such activity would produce that she was interested in knowing, so there was no need to. It also occurred to her that there might be security cameras, although none were obvious. 

Back upstairs, she went through her morning routine, this morning even applying make-up, a button shirt and short jean skirt. George saying she might want to go somewhere put an idea in her mind to drive around the city, maybe even grab lunch somewhere, after doing her laundry. 

Clothes washed, dried, folded and ironed a few hours later, Lauren hopped in her car. She made sure to log their address into her iPhone in case she got lost. She passed all three schools to see where George, Nancy and Josh worked, then had lunch at a fast food chicken place. Beyond that, there was nothing remarkable about the town. It was a quaint, out-of-the-way place for people who wanted a quiet life. 

In the afternoon, Lauren flipped through the channels on TV. She'd have to remember to ask tonight what they wanted for dinner tomorrow so she could have it ready when they all returned home. 

Late in the afternoon, Lizzie and Marv came home with big grins on their faces. 

When she saw them, Lauren asked, "You guys rob a bank or something?" 

Their smiles quickly changed to frowns of incomprehension. 

"You two look so happy," Lauren explained, "like if something good just happened." 

"Well, I guess in a manner of speaking it is something good," Lizzie agreed. 

Marv picked it up. "It's Monday night—" 

"Well, that certainly is something to be excited about!" Lauren joked. 

After polite chuckles, Lizzie explained, "The school board meets on Mondays. Mom, George and Josh usually attend. We have the house all to ourselves for a few hours!" 

Fairly certain she knew what that meant, Lauren messed with them some more. "So, we have to cook for ourselves?" 

"Fuck no," Marv said excitedly. "We send out for pizza!" 

"Mmmm. I haven't had good pizza since leaving New York," Lauren told them. 

"Well, this is just one of the pizza chains," Lizzie informed her. "So, don't get too excited." 

"Better than none," Lauren remarked with a smirk of mock enthusiasm. 

"What do you like on your pizza?" 

"Whatever you guys normally get will be fine." 

Lizzie pulled out her cell, called and ordered. "So, what did you do all day?" 

Lauren gave her a brief play by play description of her activities while Lizzie opened a bottle of red wine. She poured herself and Lauren each a glass. 

They discussed Lizzie and Marv's college and the possibility that Lauren could finish her education there. It was suggested Lauren accompany them on Wednesday to check it out. She agreed. 

By then, the pizza arrived, and they all sat at the breakfast table to eat. It wasn't as bad as Lauren had anticipated, but she restricted herself to just a couple of pieces. 

"So, did you two have fun last night?" 

Marv suddenly looked guilty. Lauren was coming to expect this kind of familiarity amongst these siblings, so the question didn't really come as a surprise. 

"I'm sure Marv gave you a play by play description," Lauren pointed out. 

Looking embarrassed for being called out, Lizzie admitted, "Uh, well, yeah, he did. I'm almost jealous he said you were so good. I was just wondering how it was for you." 

"It was good. He was good." 

"Does it bother you that my brothers and I talk about this?" Lizzie wanted to know. 

Lauren shrugged. "You did tell me up front that the three of you were open with each other. So, I guess if I don't want any of you to know what I'm doing I shouldn't do it." 

"I'm sorry," Lizzie offered. "It's just how we are." She grinned. "But I won't lie. I wish I could have seen it." 

"You mean, you weren't standing outside the door?" 

Her "no" was hesitant, creating doubt in Lauren's mind. 

"Would you do me a favor?" Lizzie asked. "Would you sit in Marv's lap and kiss him like he said you did last night so I can see?" 

"Seriously?" 

"Lauren, we don't get much outside stimulation except what we can do to each other. And I certainly don't get to see my brothers with another girl. And I really want to do a threesome with you." 

With raised eyebrows and a shake of her head, Lauren heaved a sigh. "What the hell?" She arose from her chair and walked around to Marv's, then sat sideways on his lap. 

Lizzie got up and moved behind her brother. When Lauren leaned in to kiss Marv, Lizzie put a hand on each of their shoulders. She then unbuttoned Lauren's shirt and pulled it aside to reveal Lauren's breasts bubbling out of her bra. Her hands were now on the back of their necks applying pressure to keep their lips pressed together. Lizzie's breathing seemed to be heavier than the couple kissing. Next, Lizzie pulled Lauren's shirt down off her shoulders followed by her bra straps and the cups of her bra. With Lauren's tits now completely exposed, Lizzie cupped and fondled one while Marv reached up and caressed the other. 

Removing her hand, Lizzie took Marv's other hand and placed it between Lauren's legs against her pussy. Reaching over her brother, Lizzie unbuttoned his top button, then took Lauren's hands and guided them towards the remaining buttons. Lauren got the idea and undid the others. 

While they continued to kiss, Lizzie removed her brother's shirt completely. Moving Lauren's hand to the bulge in Marv's pants, Lizzie fingered the other girl's pussy through her panties. Lauren quickly became a willing participant to Lizzie's orchestrations, which had her pulling Marv's chair back and unzipping his zipper. Anticipating what she would next be directed to do, Lauren finished undoing the boy's pants. 

Marv lifted his ass and pushed his pants down around his ankles. When he sat again, Lauren's mouth was honing in on his very erect cock. While she sucked, above her she could see Lizzie locking lips with her brother. While they kissed, Lizzie grabbed Marv's cock at the base and jerked while Lauren's lips slid up and down the top half. 

"Damn! This is exciting!" Lizzie exclaimed. "I want you to fuck him now." She pulled Lauren to her feet and yanked her shirt and panties down as Lauren stepped out of them. She maneuvered Lauren to straddle Marv's lap, and then guided his cock into her now wet pussy. 

"Mmmm," Lauren uttered. 

"Ahhh," Marv let out. 

Standing there watching Lauren bounce, Lizzie removed her outer clothes, leaving her bra and panties on. Her hands were then all over Lauren, holding her arms and shoulders, cupping her ass cheeks, reaching around to fondle her tits. She even aimed a nipple at Marv's lips for him to suck. 

Feeling Lizzie's bra-covered tits against her back, Marv sucking her nipple and fucking in this position, Lauren did have to admit to herself that this was extremely erotic. 

Lizzie removed her bra and stuck her nipple in Marv's face. Of course, he sucked it. She then pushed Lauren back so that his cock slipped out. Lizzie knelt and sucked it herself, enjoying the coating Lauren's pussy had left on it. Lauren slid completely off, and the two girls took turns licking and sucking dick. 

Never seemingly staying on one thing for long, Lizzie directed Lauren back onto Marv's cock, this time facing out. When Lauren was once again impaled, Lizzie rubbed and played with her brother's cock as it slid in and out, his balls as they bounced up and down, and the other girl's clit. Needing some relief of her own, Lizzie sat on the table, pulled aside the leg of her panties to expose her pussy and fingered herself. 

Lauren could see how wet the other girl was, and though she'd never done it before, the over-stimulation of this session had her leaning forward and licking Lizzie's pussy. 

"Oh, yes, yes, YES!" Lizzie screamed, each yes higher pitched than the one before. 

Lauren tongued the girl's pussy how she like to be licked and found it to actually be enjoyable. In fact, it was such an unexpected turn-on, she found herself coming in a chilling, trembling orgasm. She paused her tongue action to squeeze her legs together and grind her pussy against his cock to eke out every last ounce of pleasure. Finally lifting herself off, Lauren returned to nibbling on Lizzie's snatch. 

"Wow! That's really good for your first time," Lizzie complimented, "but right now, I need cock in me." She stood, turned around and bent over the table, wiggling her ass. 

Marv took the cue, arose from his chair, and drove his cock into his sister's pussy. "Mmmm! What a feeling to go from one pussy to another! Both soft and inviting, yet as similar as each one is, they feel so different. I could get used to this." 

Relegated to merely watching, Lauren simply stood next to the fucking siblings. However, that did not last long as Lizzie put her hand around Lauren's neck, pulling her closer until their lips met. Lauren suddenly felt greater intensity in Marv's thrusts through greater difficulty to keep their lips together. Apparently, Marv had never seen two girls kiss. 

This was confirmed by his statement, "That's hot!" 

For good measure, Lauren switched her lips from Lizzie's to Marv's, which again prompted him to pump harder. 

He then pulled his sister back to sit in his lap with her still impaled. 

Getting into the hang of it, Lauren squatted down to play with their genitals with her hands. 

"That's nice," Lizzie said. 

"Yeah," Marv agreed. "I think I like a threesome with two girls better than with two guys." 

Again swept into the eroticism, Lauren leaned in to lick Lizzie's pussy and Marv's shaft as he pumped. 

"Oh, fuck!" Lizzie cried. She then moaned and whimpered, shook, grabbed Lauren's head to hold it in place. Finally, she reached that point where everything was too sensitive, and she made the others halt. Then: "Damn! That was good! I think I agree, Marv. Two girls are better." 

As she stood, Marv said, "What about me?" 

Lizzie bent down and stayed sucking him. 

"Aw, I don't want to come from a blow job. Lauren, can I fuck you again?" 

Lauren wanted to laugh at the childlike way he asked that. 

"Oh, I just had an idea," Lizzie said excitedly. "Can he come inside you so I can lick it out?" 

Lauren's initial thought was that this was the strangest request she'd had from these people so far. But she just as quickly realized how insanely wicked it was. They were turning her into a depraved sex fiend. Yet, oddly, she kind of liked it. And she was on the pill . . . 

When Lauren nodded her agreement, Marv stood, pushed plates out of the way on the table, lifted Lauren and laid her down, and then drove his cock in to fuck her. 

"You ever let him come in you?" Lauren asked as Marv pumped away. 

"All the time," Lizzie answered with a grin. "But I don't have anyone to lick me clean." 

It didn't take long for Marv to start moaning and groaning. Finally, he grunted and blew his load inside Lauren's pussy. She'd never allowed any guy to come inside of her, but she was surprised at how nice it felt; almost as though that was the way it was supposed to be. She very nearly came again, but Marv pulled out when he finished shooting. 

Lizzie quickly moved in. She got this crazed grin on her face when she saw the pearly white liquid clouding Lauren's hole. Pulling Lauren to her feet, Lizzie put the palm of her hand between Lauren's legs to prevent any cum from dripping. "Let's move to the sofa." 

There, she laid Lauren down, head on the armrest. To not seem to eager, Lizzie ran her hand up and down Lauren's thigh, bypassed her pussy and fondled her breasts. She leaned in to exchange a passionate kiss, and then moved down to suck Lauren's nipples. 

"Mmmm," Lauren mouthed, feeling the wetness between her legs. 

Finally, Lizzie got down to business. She took a log swipe with her tongue and looked up with semen on her tongue and lips. She was actually slurping the jizz out. 

For Lauren, it was as unbelievably titillating as it could get. She saw Marv step up behind her still sporting an erection coated with his own sperm. 

"This is unfucking believable," he said with a huge smirk. His cock bounced up and down. "It's so hot, I still have a hard on." He bent over to kiss Lauren upside down, reaching out to caress her tits.  

When he stood, his dick was nearly hanging over her. Impulsively, she squirmed up the armrest allowing her head to bend down backwards, opened her mouth and let him stick it in. She sucked and licked and cleaned him, again feeling naughty at never having done anything so hard core. 

Meanwhile, Lizzie had apparently finished cleaning her and moved up to again hold each breast erect to suck her nipples. She then eased forward to share Marv's dick. Excited beyond belief, Marv eased forward as his sister took more of him into her mouth. His balls dragged along Lauren's face, so she licked and sucked on them, another first for her. She was amazed at how delicate they seemed. 

Marv was emitting little girl-like whimpers over having to women suck his cock and balls. 

Lauren's and Lizzie's tongues met on Marv's dick, and for a few moments they dueled. They even attempted a kiss with the head of his penis in their mouths and Lauren thought he was really going to lose it. Lizzie pulled back and dragged her tits against Lauren's, playfully dangling them together. 

Apparently, it didn't take much or long for Marv to recycle because he quickly moved around to the other end of the sofa. 

Almost as though she knew what he was going to do, Lizzie had Lauren turn around and lay the opposite way. Lizzie then repositioned over her as though they were going to sixty-nine. However, from her vantage point looking up, she saw Marv's penis sliding into his sister's pussy. 

"Oh, yeah, brother!" 

About the same time, Lauren felt Lizzie's tongue on her pussy. The girl was insatiable. Having the up-close action before her very eyes, Lauren did her best to add some of her own tongue action to Lizzie's clit and Marv's shaft and balls. 

"This is the greatest!" Marv remarked. "Who knew what we were missing?" 

Lauren felt Lizzie's saliva roll down her perineum to her anus. It felt weird, but also enticing. Suddenly, Lizzie halted with her chin and throat resting on Lauren's pubic bone. The reason was instantly clear from the moaning vibrations in Lizzie's throat. She was having another orgasm. 

"Mmmm, Mmmm, Mmmm." Then Lizzie reached back to stop Marv, pushing him out of her. She dropped her pussy to Lauren's mouth, allowing a couple of licks for her last ounce of pleasure, and finally getting off Lauren. 

Marv pulled Lauren up and draped her over the low back of the sofa, one knee resting on the armrest, the other leg hanging over the back. He squatted behind and lathered her still wet pussy. He then licked her anus, which felt strange, but like every other new act performed on her, she quickly adjusted and began to like it. She yelped when he unexpectedly jabbed the tip of his tongue into her asshole, and she found herself enjoying sensations she'd never experienced before. Finally, he stood and started fucking her again. 

Lizzie straddled the sofa back in front of Lauren, presenting her pussy and anus to the other girl. Obviously, she wanted some tongue action, which the out-of-her-mind-with-pleasure Lauren was happy to provide, even letting her tongue drift to Lizzie's anus. It wasn't distasteful, as she thought it might be, and quite a different feel on her tongue. 

"Oh, yes, Lauren!" Lizzie cried. "So good!" But after a few more minutes, Lizzie said, "I love all of these threesome positions you can only do with two girls." 

"Me, too," Marv agreed. 

"Let's try another." She had Marv lie on the sofa on his back, Lauren straddled his hips and impaled his cock while Lizzie sat on his face in a classic threesome position. 

"Mmmm-hmmm," Marv mumbled with his mouth full of his sister's snatch. 

Of course, Lizzie leaned in so she and Lauren could lock lips. 

"I like this, too," Lauren heard herself admit. She bounced vigorously on Marv's dick. 

Likewise, Lizzie really ground her pussy on his face. 

"Ungh!" Marv grunted as he pushed Lizzie off. "I can't breathe," he huffed, gasping for air. A few seconds later, he held Lauren, sat up and turned her over onto her back without his cock ever leaving her pussy. Sitting on his haunches, he resumed fucking her. 

Lizzie leaned over Lauren to share a kiss with her brother, and then on hands and knees got over the other girl to lick her pussy. Lauren returned the favor, but between dick and tongue action, Lauren quickly built to another amazing orgasm complete with strained muscles and tingling nerves. 

Meanwhile, Marv's grunts suggested he was ready to come again, but before he could unleash another barrage in Lauren's pussy, Lizzie pulled him out. 

"Aw, I wanted to come in her pussy again," he whined. 

"Unh-unh," Lizzie uttered, jerking him until he presented her with a mouthful of semen, some of which she held in her mouth and the rest ran around her mouth like lipstick. She then moved up to kiss Lauren with her cum-covered lips and mouthful of jism. 

This had been such an incredible evening of perverted sex that Lauren didn't even think about what the other girl was doing and accepted it. 

"Well, isn't this nice!" 

All heads whipped toward the voice, hearts pounding, until Lizzie and Marv saw that it was only Josh. Both grinned as fear slowly subsided in Lauren. She quickly sat up and wiped the residue cum from her mouth. Josh looked particularly handsome tonight, Lauren thought, wishing he'd come home earlier to play also. 

"It was very nice," Lizzie told him. 

"It absolutely was," Marv concurred. 

"Want a turn?" Lizzie asked, gesturing to Lauren. 

"What am I, your sex toy?" Lauren asked, mostly joking. 

But Lizzie took her seriously. "Oh, no. I'm sorry. I didn't mean that. I'm mean, I'm ready again." 

"I'm too tired," Josh told them. "Long day, long meeting. Besides, you guys better get cleaned up. Good thing it was only me. Mom and George will be home soon. Any pizza left?" 

* * * 

Though she had said she was not going to force herself to think about whether to stay and just let the answer come naturally, Lauren couldn't help contemplating it as she settled into bed. They'd cleaned up after Josh came home, but once George and Nancy returned, everyone gave details of their day—minus the after-dinner antics—and then retired to their rooms. 
