 I'd had a bad at work, and as I trudged up the stairs to our apartment all I could think of was getting inside, slipping into the shower and having a nice drink before bed. You're sitting on the couch, beer in hand, watching the game as I open the door. One look at me told you everything, I was bristling with angry energy, and you could tell my nerves were raw. We don't say a word to each other...not because of any sort of anger or fight...just because there's nothing to say. I drop my purse by the door and start shedding clothes on the way to the bathroom.

I leave the lights off in the bathroom, I can't stand any thing as harsh right now as the bright florescent lights above our mirror. Our bathroom has no windows, so I feel my way to the tub, pushing the curtain to crank the water on. I'm going over my day in my head...the horrid customers, my evil boss, the slavery that is a normal nine to five. I feel my skin start to flush as the anger I felt during that last encounter starts to creep up again. I test the water with the inner side of my wrist...just hot enough to sting, not so hot as to burn...perfect...I hit the switch to send it to the shower head and step into the tub.

I stand there for a while, letting the hot jets of water splash over me, washing away my day. I briefly consider taking up kick boxing as a way to unwind after a day like today. A good release, that's what my sister always says. Something that burns energy is supposed to get rid of all those negative thoughts. I laugh a little, a bitter laugh of ridicule for those who are always giving advice, and dip my head back under the water. I need release all right, but kick boxing won't be doing it for me...nothing that mundane does it for me...I wonder for a moment if I can convince you to hurt me tonight...to fuck me hard like I like it. You're so much more tender by nature...but I know I need a good bang. I soap myself up and rinse off quickly as the water starts to run cold. I wrap a towel around myself and walk out of the bathroom, using a second towel to dry my hair. I walk blindly out into the living room, head bowed, rubbing my hair vigorously.

"What do you want for dinner?" I ask when I know I'm within ear shot. 

"Oh...I don't think that really matters..." you say softly.

"Why do you have to be so difficult?" I sigh, stopping the ministrations to my hair and looking up at you "Just tell me what you want"

I stop short, embarrassed. You're sitting on the couch still, beer in your left hand...but now you're flanked on the left and right by two of your friends. I can't place their names, but a think I remember seeing them at one of your fantasy football meetings. I glare at you for a moment, upset that you didn't say something right away instead of letting my walk out in full view of two people who're practically strangers, then turn to walk back to the bedroom for some clothes.

"Tell you what I want?" I hear you call, "I want you to stop walking away, turn around and drop the towel. I want my friends here to see your luscious body."

I stop in my tracks. I can't believe you just said that in front of people. I revealed my attractions toward being dominated just a few months ago...and since then you'd taken far more control in the bedroom, but I never expected that you'd tell people about it, and I certainly never thought you'd try to do something like that in front of people. 

I turned to face you..."You've got to be kidding me," I started.

"Slut, I told you to strip your towel off and display yourself to my friends. I don't want to have to repeat myself again." 

You forcefully put your beer down on the coffee table and make to get up. Startled, though a little turned on, I drop the towel I was using to dry my hair with. You stand up and walk toward me, I can clearly see the anger on your face at my disobedience. I'd promised you to always obey every command sexually...I knew I was violating this promise...but I just couldn't bring myself to do what you were asking in front of your friends. I stood there frozen as you close the distance between us in only a few strides. You tear off the towel around my body, throwing it on the floor and move to stand behind me. 

"You will show yourself to them," you whisper in my ear, "let your inner slut out and show them what a good girl you can be."

I can feel your arms wrapping around mine, mine that are clutched so closely to my body trying to cover anything I can. You slowly guide my arms apart, spreading them out so that everything about me is on display. You release my arms and walk back to the couch, sitting back between your two friends. I stand there hesitantly, arms spread and my heart fluttering, I'm not exactly sure what you want me to do next. I can feel myself getting more excited the longer the three of you look at me. I keep staring at you, waiting for some hint of your intentions. 

"Slut, I want you to show these gentlemen what a fantastic cock whore you are. Get on your knees and crawl over here."

I hesitate for a moment, only a moment, before dropping slowly to my knees. The carpet is rough beneath my hands, so I crawl somewhat slowly toward you. As I near, you push the coffee table away with your foot, making room for me on the floor in front of you. I stop there, sitting back on my heels, hands rested on my thighs....waiting.

"You're going to show these guys what your mouth is best used for," you say firmly, "start with the man on my left...do anything he tells you to."

I glance to my right, the guy you've told me to start with looks nervous...like he's not sure this whole situation is okay. I'm nervous too...so we have that in common. I look toward his crotch, his dick has stiffened, and I can see it outlined beneath the tan material of his slacks. Still on my knees I scootch toward him. He takes a swig off the beer in his hand...liquid courage I suppose. I reach for his belt and quickly undo the fast on both it and his pants. As I slide his zipper down, I look to you for confirmation. Seeing your consent in your eyes, I reach through his boxers and pull out his hardened member. It's longer than yours, though not as thick...I wonder for a second if I'll be able to work it as well as you say I work yours. 

Wrapping my hand around the base of his cock, I flick my tongue out over the head. I can taste the salty stickiness of the precum that has just started to gather. All my life it has amazed me how different each guy tastes. Today is much the same...different, and yet similar. I tease his dick for a while, rubbing my hand in shallow motions around the base...both up and down, but putting a slight twist on each downward push. I lick and lap at the head and shaft of his cock...teasing him, feeling him growing even harder due to my ministrations. I glance up and see him look toward you, I'm guessing also for confirmation, you nod. With only that as a warning he suddenly thrusts forward, putting his free hand on the back of my head. My lips hit the circle formed by my thumb and forefinger, his cock head hits the back of my throat. I try to pull back...just an instinctual reaction...but he holds me there, hand gripping my hair. My eyes water and I start to gag, saliva pushing it's way past the meat in my mouth and dribbling down into his lap. I panic for a moment, thinking I won't get a chance to breathe...but just as I'm about to try to cry out he sinks back down into the couch, clearing my throat and allowing oxygen back in. 

"Don't fucking tease it bitch, suck it." I hear through the blood rushing in my ears.

It's all he says before pushing my head back down into his lap. I start to work his cock in earnest, sucking with my mouth, rubbing with my hand. His hand on the back of my head has loosened, now just sort of resting at the back with fingers tangled in my drying hair, making it clear he's the one setting the pace. I time my breaths to the rhythm of the job...up, inhale, down, up, exhale, down. Over and over. He's grunting a little, moaning a lot....and sipping on his beer as if he were still watching the game. I push my other hand into his boxers to massage his balls. His groan tells me it's an appreciated gesture. I start squeezing down on them in time to the rhythm as well....up, inhale and release, down and squeeze, up, exhale and release, down and squeeze. You get up off the couch and sit behind me on the coffee table.

"Told you guys..." you say, reaching down to give me a playful swat on the ass. 

You other friend moves over so he's sitting in your vacated spot. I peek through the corner of my eyes and see he's already got his dick out, rubbing it while he watches me fuck his friend with my mouth. I release the first guys balls completely and reach over to take the new cock in hand. I stroke in time to my sucks, down with my mouth goes down, up at the same. I'm totally into it now, this was definitely the release I needed. I can feel my excitement leaking down my inner thigh. The realization makes me suck harder...up, inhale, down, up, exhale, down. He's pushing farther and farther into my throat with every downward motion...I now just have my thumb and forefinger wrapped around him. I've never had a guy this far into my mouth before and the asphyxiation of it leaves me dizzy...and I love it. I can feel him start to tense, his thighs growing as he flexes each muscle. I suck harder, trying my damnedest to make him cum...

"Not yet little girl," he laughs, pulling me off his cock by my hair, "not yet."

He pushes my face into his friend's lap, and I barely break stride. His friend is shorter than him, but wider...wider than I've ever been with. I hadn't realized the difference really until I went from one cock in my mouth to another. Even though he's not hitting the back of my throat like the first guy did I still have to time my breathing around his girth. I keep my hand moving on the first guy...with the same rhythm, though not squeezing as hard. After all, he did say not yet, and I'm excited by the possibility of more. I can feel your hand rubbing and squeezing my ass cheeks now, and I raise higher up on my knees, hoping it'll tempt you to touch my now dripping pussy. It does of course, it's not long before you have a hand between my legs, rubbing and teasing my clit in time with my motions on your friend's cocks. 

"Can I?" I hear the second friend ask...I don't know what he's asking for though, and I don't hear you answer, I just feel your hand move away.

I continue to suck down hard on the asker...loving the way I feel so dirty sucking off two complete strangers. I feel your hands wrap around my waist and lift be up. The first friend releases the back of my hair as I rise and you spin me around to face you. You kiss me deeply, ignoring the drool spread about my face, and lower me back onto the couch. Only...it's not just on the couch, I feel a cock slide up inside me as I sit. You're still kissing me, hands moving to play with my breasts. Each tweak of my nipple causes me to pulse around the giant cock inside me. He hasn't tried to move, he's just sitting there buried to the hilt in my wet tunnel, while you kiss me. 

You move away and sit next to him, unbuttoning your pants. You grab my right hand and wrap it around your familiar shaft. At the same time the first friend puts my left hand back on his and the second friend places his hands on my hips. He slowly starts lifting my up and down on his cock, sliding smoothly in and out of my pussy. You lean in again, only this time taking my right breast in your mouth..teasing the nipple with your tongue. Your other friend mimics your movements on my left side, sending me into a state of pure bliss. You reach in with your right hand to tease my clit again, knowing it'll send me into a quick orgasm. My puss spasms around your friends cock, and I can feel him on the verge of releasing inside me. Just when I think he will, he lifts me up, and I feel the warm splashes of his jizz hitting my ass and my lower back. 

You get up, moving in front of me and sit back down on the coffee table. Putting both hands on my head, you pull my face into your lap. As I fall to my knees in front of the couch, I can feel your friend move out from behind me, and the first guy move in, kneeling between my legs. Without waiting long he thrusts into me like a sheath, splitting me with his cock. I can feel his length pushing deep inside me, hitting places that hadn't been hit before. Each thrust forces me down onto your cock, I have no real control over the pace of anything. 

Your friend isn't fucking me long though, just long enough to get his dick wet. He pulls out, using his dick head to spread his other friend's spunk all over the bud of my ass. I've always loved anal, you must have told him this, he didn't even really prep me before pushing straight into my bowels. I moan loudly around your cock, gasping for breath as the thrusting starts again. You reach down to play with my nipples, twisting and pulling roughly on them, knowing it will drive me straight over the edge.

It does of course. And though my screams of passion are muffled by the flesh in my mouth, the cream running down my thigh makes it obvious I've just had something more intense than normal. The vibrations of my throat must have been more than you could handle, because within seconds I feel you exploding in my mouth. I swallow down all the sticky strings of hot jizz that you force into my throat, and suck a few more times for good measure. Like a good girl.

Your friend isn't close to done though, and he continues to pound away at my ass. You move out from under me, and I raise up a bit to brace myself on the table. Your friend smacks my ass hard, causing me to jerk and clench down on his cock. He mutters something I could only figure was about liking that and starts smacking my ass with earnest. The warm pain is exquisite. I can't help but moan loudly and push back against his abuse. He continues to plow into me for what seems like forever just pushing and slapping and pushing some more. 

I reach down and dip my finger into my pussy...it's drenched from multiple orgasms, and wets my finger nicely. I rub in and out once or twice to time his rhythm properly. When I know he's coming in for a deep thrust and pause for a slap I reach back farther and insert my dripping finger into his ass. He starts and cries out for a moment, but as I massage his prostrate and clench down my ass muscles I can feel him relax. He thrusts into me a few more times, shallow ones...I can tell he's afraid my finger will slip out of him. Then with a grunt he unloads inside me. As I remove my finger from his ass, I can feel his juice hitting walls deep inside my bowels, I clench down hard again and pull away.

Without saying a word, I half stumble half crawl back into the bathroom for another shower. When I get out they're gone, and you're sitting on the couch watching the game like nothing happened. Well...almost like nothing happened...you can't help but hide the HUGE grin on your face. As I approach you you raise your eyebrow as if to ask 'was that okay?'.  I smile and collapse down next to you...

"Babe...I really like your friends."