 A few weeks ago I got a call from Terry, one of my favorite lady friends, who happens to be a little older than most. “George, a week from Saturday is my birthday and I want to invite you to a party. Not the usual kind, though. Bob and I are going out on a yacht with another couple and we want to invite you and one of your lady friends to join us in a sex party.” I know that Bob is her husband and sometimes we get together and he and I make love with Terry, usually both at the same time in whichever two of her three holes she wants us to use.

“Sure, Terry. That sounds like fun. Is there anything you want me to bring, or is there anybody special you want me to bring?”

“Well, yeah, there is. Claire, that’s the name of the other woman, likes to swing both ways. If you can bring a good looking woman to swing with her, Bob and Chuck, Claire’s husband, have promised me that you and they can do me in a three-way. Claire is a good looking woman, forty something, like her husband, pretty face, dark hair, slender, but with big boobies. If you know somebody, I’m sure she won’t be disappointed, and I know you won’t be disappointed with me.”

“I definitely do want to join you. I know I won’t be disappointed and I’m pretty sure I know just the woman for Claire.” I was thinking about June, who is a bisexual friend of mine. Sometimes I go to a sex party with her and sometimes with Melissa, another bisexual. Sometimes both of them are there. Since Melissa is a lot younger than Terry and the others, I thought June would be the better choice. After working out the details of time and place to meet, I hung up, called June and passed on the invitation, telling her what would be happening. I made a special point of telling June about Claire, and how the two of them would be expected to get it on together. June told me she would be delighted to join us. She loves sex parties involving large-breasted women, and she loves sailing, in that order. 

The morning of the floating orgy was bright and warm, a perfect early summer day. The other four persons were already aboard and after June and I joined them, we left the dock, using the auxiliary motor. Since most of us were not experienced sailors and there was no wind blowing anyhow, we decided to stick with the motor rather than use the sails. A few miles from land, on a perfectly calm sea, we stopped and lowered the anchor. Swimming was great in the warm ocean water and this was also a good way to get the party going because, of course, nobody bothered with any kind of swimming attire. Some pillows and three mattresses, covered by sheets, were scattered on the deck and we expected to get a lot of use from them.

As the birthday celebrant, the first pairing off was Terry’s choice and, knowing how much fun it is for her when I eat her pussy, she chose me. This left Claire with Bob and Chuck with June. Before lying down on her mattress with Bob, Claire patted June on her shapely ass and said, “Take good care of Chuck, Sweetie, but save some of yourself for me.” While swimming, June had mentioned to me how sexy Claire is and how she expected to have a great time with her, so I know she expected to save a lot of herself for Claire.

Before that happened, though, June was having a lot of fun with Chuck, and vice-versa. She is about equally attracted to men and women and June is especially attracted to size, large, shapely breasts like Claire’s and big cocks like Chuck has. When she saw the size of his tool, she patted it, kissed it and took it in her mouth. However, although she has often sucked off men, including me a few times, with a cock as big as what Chuck has, June much prefers getting it in her pussy. After a few strokes with her mouth, she was lying on her back, inviting him to fuck. Since June has a very attractive figure, and a beautiful, wet pussy, Chuck needed no second invitation.

Terry was also lying on her back, but what she wanted, at least for the first course, was to have me thoroughly eat her pussy. That was what I wanted too but my first kiss was on her lips, with my tongue in her mouth, as were the second and third. Besides having a great figure, Terry has a very pretty face, with short, auburn hair and big blue eyes. Those blue eyes were the next thing I kissed after my lips left her mouth, and I enjoyed kissing them and the rest of her face and down the erogenous parts of her throat.

Claire and Bob were even more active. They were lying on another mattress and he was kissing and caressing her breasts while she fondled his cock. As I kissed my way down Terry’s beautiful neck, my eyes wandered over to them, and I saw how much Claire was enjoying the attentions being paid to her breasts and her upper body was squirming, offering them to Bob to be suckled and kissed.

That was how I wanted to start pleasuring Terry. Although not as big as what Claire has, Terry’s breasts are perfectly formed and topped by big, inviting nipples. My mouth answered the invitation and I started licking on the nearest, feeling it become erect under my tongue. “That feels good,” she told me. I love to feel you licking me there and everywhere else.” 

I intended to lick her everywhere else, but Terry’s breasts are so lovely that I wanted to lick her there first. With broad strokes, I caressed her nipple, using both the upper surface of my tongue and the lower. She was cooing in pleasure as I switched my attentions to the other nipple, licking it the same way and feeling it become equally erect under my tongue. We were both enjoying ourselves so I spent considerable time on Terry’s beautiful breasts, first licking them alternately, using broad strokes and then with short jabs, using just the tip of my tongue. Both her adorable nipples received the same attentions in their turn and she really loved it. 

Terry was cooing louder, her hands cupping her breasts, presenting them to me for our mutual pleasure. Carefully, I drew one of the beautiful twins into my mouth, and started sucking, my lips forming a seal on her soft flesh. While I sucked, my tongue continued to caress Terry’s nipples and trace her puffy areolas. “George, I love that,” she murmured. “I love what you are doing to me. Don’t stop.”

I also loved what I was doing and didn’t want to stop. Her other luscious globe received the same attention as the first, and her cooing started turning to pleasurable moans.  While Terry’s pussy slowly humped into the air, her delectable juices began to trickle from her love hole. Her nipples are very sensitive and some day, I would like to spend hours licking and sucking Terry’s breasts, for our mutual pleasure and to see if she could cum from that alone. 

Chuck and June were having a lot of fun also. She was on her back, her arms and legs wrapped around him while he was slowly driving his cock in and out of her pussy. As June fucked back to meet Bob’s thrusts, she kept loudly telling him how good his cock made her pussy feel and how he should keep fucking her. Chuck was sighing and moaning from the pleasure he was getting from June and obviously had no intention of not continuing to fuck her.

Bob and Claire were getting plenty of pleasure from each other also. He was flat on his back on their mattress, his cock imbedded in Claire while she moved slowly up and down on top of him. At every stroke of her pussy on his shaft, Claire’s breasts bounced pleasantly, inviting Bob’s hands and mouth to fondle them, and the invitations were being answered with alacrity.

After my mouth had sucked and licked Terry’s lovely breasts for a long while, the time had arrived for me to go lower on her body. Eagerly, I licked and nuzzled my way down her belly stopping at her soft, auburn pubic hair, still slightly damp from the ocean. Besides her pussy humping into the air, her upper body was squirming on the mattress from the pleasure she had gotten already and in anticipation of what I would be doing in a few seconds. She was completely ready and eager for me to eat her juicy pussy so I got up and knelt between Terry’s legs, preparing to do what we both wanted. 

I have been with Terry often enough that she knows how I like to eat her pussy, so she lifted her ass off the mattress to let me slip a pillow underneath. Then she raised her legs and reached under herself and spread her ass cheeks to accommodate my finger. “Get my ass ready for a cock, George,” she told me. “You know I want someone to fuck me there later.” When she takes on three men at a time, Terry likes to get the biggest cock in her pussy and, among the three men on board the yacht, that would easily be Chuck’s big tool.

Before Chuck would have a chance to use his big cock to please Terry’s pussy, he was using it to please June’s pussy. They were slowly fucking in the missionary position and, judging from what she was saying and the way she was swiveling her hips and thrashing around under him, June was about to cum. She loves being fucked by a big cock like Chuck’s and sometimes at these parties, she climaxes twice before the man cums even once when she gets a cock in her pussy that she really likes. 

Bob had stacked pillows under his head so he could easily caress and suck Claire’s breasts while she stroked her pussy up and down on him. He is not especially hung; his cock is slightly smaller than mine, but he really knows how to use it and has great stamina. Claire could, if she wanted to, cum at least twice from fucking even before getting it on with June. Like June, Claire is very vocal and she was really enjoying what Bob’s hands, mouth and cock were doing for her and let everybody on the yacht know about it.

With my finger sliding in and out of Terry’s ass and my left shoulder braced under her right thigh, I started eating her pussy by sucking and licking all the fresh juices from her, enjoying their flavor, enhanced by the salty tang left by the evaporated ocean water. After all the fresh juices were gone, I started licking between one inner and outer lip, starting at their origins, below her pink love hole. Even though I was just starting to eat her pussy, Terry was already producing a gusher of delectable juices and fucking strongly into my face.

She fucked more strongly into my face as I licked her soft flesh to the point where her inner and outer pussy lips are close together. Once there, I probed into the seam between the lips and my tongue caressed the surfaces of the labia. Very slowly, enjoying the feeling of her lips becoming more engorged as Terry became more aroused, I licked to where the inner lip ends by merging with the other inner lip to form her clit hood. Gently, my tongue caressed the upper surface of the protective covering, indirectly stimulating the precious love toy sheltering beneath it. Terry’s body was writhing on the mattress from the pleasure she was receiving. When I started eating her pussy, she had been cooing happily but by this time, she was moaning from the way my tongue was indirectly stimulating her clit and from the way my finger was fucking her ass.

Claire was moaning also, having moved into the female superior position on top of Bob, the better to enjoy the surges of his cock into her pussy. She hadn’t cum yet but, judging from the way her hips were gyrating, thrusting out her legs as she slid back and forth on top of him, she was getting close. When Claire did start cumming, we all expected her to tell us abut it.

June was cumming, and telling us about it, crying out her delight, and wildly moving under Chuck as she enjoyed the effect of his big cock plowing into her pussy. He had not cum yet, and he probably wouldn’t until June had enjoyed her second orgasm. Her first was a good one; she rocked back and forth and from side to side under him, squeezing his hips with her legs and digging her fingernails into his shoulders. 

Terry was getting closer to cumming too, as I treated her second pair of pussy lips the way I had the first. After slowly licking all the surfaces of both labia, my tongue again caressed Terry’s clit hood. By licking on this sensitive place, I caused her pussy to gush more juice and to fuck even stronger into my face. When I curled my tongue under the hood to gently fondle Terry’s engorged love button, I was treated to the wonderful feeling of having her pussy jammed against my face, smearing her fragrant juices all over my cheeks. 

Claire and Bob were the first couple to both cum and, after that happy event, she turned her body to be in the 69 position on top of him and peeled off his condom. While Bob was happily licking the fresh juices from her pussy, she was doing the same for his cock, enjoying the flavor and texture of his semen. Claire was also getting him stiff for whatever hole of Terry’s he would be fucking next. 

June’s climaxing for the first time hardly caused Chuck to slow down; his cock was still ramming all the way into her pussy. June had picked up right where she had left off too, and was again holding him with her arms and legs and fucking back, meeting every thrust of his cock. I knew that, even if she reached her second climax, which was highly probable, almost a certainty, she would have energy left to pleasure Claire in whatever kind of sexual activity the two women decided they wanted. June has plenty of energy and really enjoys herself at sex parties like this, whatever she does, with either men or women or, sometimes, both at once.

After devouring all the pussy juices except what was smeared on my face, I started probing my tongue into the lower edge of Terry’s wet love hole. When I explored there, I had to remove my finger from her ass to give my chin enough room and when my tongue continued upward to probe the side edges of her dripping hole, I twisted my index and middle finger together and slipped the two fingers into her ass. When she felt her sphincter being stretched open, Terry gurgled happily and said, “My God, George, that feels wonderful in my ass. Keep doing it. And keep eating my pussy too; I’m almost ready to cum.” I did as Terry wanted, twisting my fingers as I thrust them in and out of her ass while probing my tongue into the side edges of her love hole. I knew Terry was almost ready to cum from the way her moans were ending in whimpers, the way her upper body was thrashing on the bed and the way her pussy was gushing juices and fucking into my face. 

June was getting ready to cum too and, in between her moans of pleasure, she was loudly telling Chuck and everybody else about her readiness and how good it felt. He had gotten up on his knees and hands to let her move freely under him while he plunged his cock in and out of her pussy and she was taking advantage of the freedom. June rocked from side to side, her hips swiveling, and fucked back to meet the thrusts of his cock. Chuck was enjoying himself as much as June was and his moans and cries of pleasure were nearly as loud. 

The loudest sounds of pleasure, though, were from Terry. In between her pleasurable moaning she was loudly saying, “I love that, George. I love the way you eat my pussy and I love your fingers in my ass.” In between telling me how much fun she was having, she was begging me to suck her clit so she could have even more fun. Terry knew she was ready to cum and I knew it too so, after probing into the top edge of her love hole, I drew her adorable clit into my mouth and started sucking on it. While I sucked, my tongue caressed the engorged sides and top of the precious love button, sending Terry into a frenzy of lustful joy.

“Yes! Yes! Suck my clit! I’m cumming, I’m cumming,” she cried out, squeezing me between her legs. Terry’s hands went to the back of my head, pushing my face against her pussy, where we both wanted it to be. My left arm held tightly to her thigh while fingers of my right hand stayed embedded in her ass, all the way to my knuckles, held immobile by her clenched muscles. “My clit! Suck my clit!” she cried out again and I was doing exactly that, sucking her incredibly sensitive love button while my tongue caressed the engorged sides and top of the little darling. 

While Terry dug her heels into my back, almost lifting her ass off the mattress and jamming her pussy even harder into my face, her legs swung wildly from side to side, carrying my head between them. For several minutes she continued cumming while I kept her clit in my mouth, my fingers in her ass and my arm around her thigh. Her back arched as Terry climaxed, ramming her pussy even more tightly against my face, and after that she relaxed on the mattress. I removed my fingers from her ass and licked all the fresh cum juice from her crotch, her thighs and her pussy lips, leaving enough in her love hole to act as a lubricant. I knew that in a few minutes, Chuck’s big cock would be wedging into her there and the lubrication would be needed. 

After I had enjoyed all the delicious fresh pussy juices I was limiting myself to, I looked around to see what my shipmates were doing. June and Chuck had both cum, June for her second time, and she had removed his condom. He lay quietly while she licked the semen from his cock. While she licked, June knelt with her ass and dripping pussy pointing toward Claire, showing off the delights that awaited her,

Claire had swallowed all the cum she could get from Bob’s cock and had him hard and ready for wherever Terry would want him to fuck her. When she saw the wealth of fresh juices glistening on June’s pussy and surrounding areas, Claire got off her mattress and went to enjoy the aroma and flavor as well as the sight. June sensed Claire approaching, knew what she wanted and, since she had already swallowed all of Chuck’s juices, rolled over onto her back, spreading her legs to make it easier. Claire got to her knees and started licking up the juices from June that were, I knew from my own experiences, almost as tasty as the nectar I had just licked from Terry’s pussy. Without speaking, we agreed that the two ladies would share the mattress that Chuck and June had just put to such good use and that they were now occupying.

When Terry was ready, she looked over at where Chuck was sitting on the mattress next to where Claire was savoring June’s pussy juices. “Come over her, Chuck,” she said. “You know as well as I do where that nice big cock of yours is going next.” He did, of course, and came over to join Terry and me. Chuck lay on his back, his cock still semi-hard, even after the great fucking it had just given June. With a minute or so in Terry’s skillful mouth, it would be fully erect and ready for its next assignment. 

With Chuck gone from their mattress, the women moved over into the middle and Claire started eating June’s pussy much like I had just eaten Terry, except that June doesn’t like fingers in her ass. Bob sat on the mattress he had shared with Claire, his cock ready for wherever Terry wanted it. We all knew what would be happening next; the only question was, with Chuck fucking her pussy, who would fuck Terry in her ass and who would be sucked off by her. 

Before that would happen, though, Chuck’s cock had to be prepared. Terry knelt between his legs and took his semi-hard member gently into her mouth, at first sucking just the first few inches and then, as it stiffened, stroking the whole shaft until it was hard enough for her pussy, after she had rolled the condom onto it. With Chuck’s cock stiff and properly encased in latex, Terry moved closer, lifted herself above him and slipped just the tip into her dripping pussy. 

“Mmmm,” she murmured. “Your cock is great, so big and so stiff now. I want this big dude to give me some of the best fucking I have ever had.” Stroking up and down with her pussy on Chuck’s cock, Terry took more and more of it inside her, until she was impaled to the maximum. It felt so good Terry continued to slowly pleasure her pussy on his cock, but she was aware that other truly good things were going to be happening to her so Terry paused to allow them to begin happening. 
