 Ever since I was a little girl, Christmas time has been my favorite time of year. But now I was a grown woman. I was home for the holidays on winter break from college. It was so great to see Paul, my high school sweetheart, after 4 months of being apart. Although we'd been dating for over two years, I was still a virgin and I intended to stay that way until we got married. Paul was okay with it though. In fact, he was so in love with me that he always said he had no problem waiting to have sex until I was ready.

Paul was here with us tonight on Christmas Eve, helping me, Mommy, and Daddy trim the tree. (And by the way, yes I know it's childish that I still call my parents "Mommy and Daddy". But I've just never grown out of it, and honestly they find it ever so adorable.) 

I love Christmas Eve just as much as I love Christmas Day because December 24th is my birthday. I LOVE getting presents two days in a row. And what made this year extra special was that I had finally turned 18!

We were all having a blast, trimming the tree, dancing around to Christmas music. I could tell my parents were pretty plastered from the rum-spiked eggnog they'd been drinking. At one point, I saw my Mom sneak a glass to Paul, who covertly accepted it and downed it before my Dad could notice. 

My Mom and Paul had a great mother-boyfriend relationship. Mommy simply adored Paul, and he thought she was the coolest mom in town. She even let him call her Brooke. I had a sneaking suspicion that Paul also liked my Mother for other reasons. Even at the age of 39, she's extremely attractive. She has a gorgeous face, framed by a sophisticated hairstyle that most moms her age wouldn't DARE try to pull off. She has a slightly Rubenesque body (that's a big word I learned in my Freshman Art History class). And her body shape TOTALLY works for her. She's got full plump breasts and a perfectly ample backside (which is fashionably "in" these days – you know, what they call a "J-Lo butt".)

One time about a year ago, Paul told me some things that his buddies had said about my Mother. Something to the effect of "they wouldn't mind having some fun with her sexy, fuck-able body". And they had described her as a "raven-haired dick tease with come-fuck-me eyes and BIG, beautiful tits". I became very cross with Paul at that moment. I told him it was sick his friends were speaking about my Mother like that, and he should tell them to keep their mouths shut. He never mentioned his friends' comments again, although I'm sure the comments didn't stop.

Anyway, while we were trimming the tree, there were a few times I would catch Mommy touching Paul's arm. It was innocent enough, I suppose. You know, he'd make a funny joke then she'd laugh and touch his arm. But sometimes she'd let her hand settle on his bicep just a little bit too long. But whatever, I just assumed she'd become a little tipsy from all the eggnog. 

When Paul and I said goodnight on the front porch this Christmas Eve, he held my body really close to his. He told me how much he'd missed me while I was away at school. His pelvis was right against mine, and I could feel how aroused he was. He leaned in to kiss me. I felt his tongue rush into my mouth with a sexual hunger. It was warm and wet, and the texture of it felt SO good as it massaged my tongue. 

After a few moments, he pulled away. I still had my eyes closed and he laughed at my naiveté as he usually did after we french kissed. 

"Happy 18th Birthday, Tina," he breathed warmly into my ear. "And Merry Christmas."

I don't know if it had something to do with turning 18, but for the first time in my life I felt like a woman. Like I might want to do something more with Paul rather than just hold hands and kiss each other goodnight.

At 11 o'clock, I kissed Mommy and Daddy goodnight, thanked them for the birthday gifts, and even made a sassy remark that I couldn't wait to see what Santa would bring me. They giggled and my Dad gave me a playful swat on the butt. I went to bed childishly hoping that sugarplums (whatever they were) would dance in my head. What a great life I have, I thought as I drifted off to sleep.

...

I was having the most AMAZING dream. It was broad daylight and Paul was in my bed – naked! He was climbing on top of me. I looked down at my body to see I was naked too. I looked between my firm teenage tits and then over my perfectly shaven pubic mound. I could see Paul was hoisting his huge penis to meet my wet pussy lips. I felt the head of his snake kiss the entrance of my womanhood. 

"Oh my God, Paul - you're so BIG," I shuddered. 

"This might hurt, Tina," he said bluntly without looking at me. 

"Are you going to make me a woman now?" I whispered. 

"You shouldn't have made me wait for this, Tina," Paul said in a rather disturbing monotone, "I'll have to fuck you very hard now." 

"I'm sorry, Paul," I pleaded, "but I'm ready now – I love you." 

Finally Paul looked into my eyes. But something was wrong.

"That's nice baby," he said. "But I think I've changed my mind. I don't think I'll fuck you just yet. Now it's YOUR turn to wait."

He lifted his body off of mine and climbed out of bed.

"No, Paul, DON'T! I want to! I really want to this time!"

"Sorry," he said not even looking at me while he slid his pants back on. "But I think it would be best if you wake up now." 

"Paul, where are you going?!" I screamed. "I want you to make love to me!"

But he just stared at me like a zombie and said, "Just wake up, Tina. Someone's in your house."

...

Suddenly my eyes popped open. It was pitch black in my room. My heart was pounding and I was still panting heavily from the sexual tension in my dream. Oh why did I have to wake up? Paul was just about to take my virginity...and I really wanted to know what that felt like.

I sighed, unable to get the image of Paul's large penis out of my head. Was he really THAT big in real life? I desperately wanted to find out. 

The house seemed quiet for several minutes. But then I heard something. Something like...sleigh bells jingling. Where the hell was that coming from? I looked at my alarm clock. 2:32 AM. It was WAY too late for Mommy and Daddy to still be awake. Oh my God, I thought, someone IS in the house!

I climbed out of bed quietly. The cold air hit me and instantly turned my nipples so hard they tried to poke right through the fabric of my white lace teddy. (Or well, maybe they were already rock hard from the dream I just had.)

I heard the faint sound of bells jingling again, followed by muffled giggling. I opened my bedroom door slowly.

"Daddy?" I whispered out into the dark hallway. "Is that you?"

But there was no reply.

"Mommy? Are you there?"

Silence.

I crept out of my bedroom and down the hall. I saw that the door to my parents' room was open. I poked my head inside and saw Daddy in bed alone, drunkenly snoring. That's weird, I thought, where the hell is my Mother?

I heard the bells jingling again – very lightly, but you could definitely hear them. I tiptoed down the hall. When I got to the stairwell I could hear a reserved, yet hearty, laugh. There was no way it was my Mom – there was a MAN in the house! 

With my curiosity getting the best of me, I descended the staircase oh so quietly until I came to a spot where I could peek into the living room.

The lights from the Christmas tree threw a rather mysterious glow on the otherwise darkened room, but I could see well enough. The first thing that caught my eye was my Mother. She was standing in front of the fireplace dancing very slowly, very seductively – the same way a stripper would! 

She was wearing a red, velvety, low-cut top, with white furry trim. It looked like something a call girl would wear on Christmas! Her long line of cleavage looked so alluring as her voluptuous breasts practically begged to be unleashed.

She looked extremely depraved as she swayed back and forth to a sexy rendition of "Santa Baby" which played lowly in the background. Then she turned around to show off her backside. She continued to enticingly grind her hips as if she were humping something invisible beneath her. Slowly, she bent over and touched her ankles. She was wearing a rather lewd pair of hot-red panties with the word VIXEN stitched across the crack of her ass.

"What is she DOING?" I whispered to myself.

I rubbed the sleep from my eyes so I could see better. I knew I had caught Mommy in a very private moment and it was wrong to spy on her, but I needed to know what this was all about. 

Mommy continued to dance as she grabbed a hold of her top with both hands. She ferociously tore it open – buttons flying everywhere. Her tits literally leaped out and jiggled, happy to be freed. She let the top fall to the floor and then she stuck her hand down the front of her panties. Beneath the fabric, you could see two fingers working on her clit slowly. 

"Oooh, I'm all wet, Santa," she said with a lusty look in her eyes. Then she withdrew the fingers from her panties and placed them in her mouth. "Oooh, and this pussy tastes sooo good."

Who in God's name was she talking to?! 

"Uh-huh-huh-ho," came a gruff laugh from the corner of the room.

Holy SHIT, I thought, there IS a man in the house! And my Mother's STRIPPING in front of him!

Mommy slid the panties off her body. Her pussy wasn't shaved clean like mine, but she did keep it trimmed nice and neat. I could see juices glistening on her enormous pussy lips, which hung down daintily from between her legs.

I can't believe this, I thought. I'm going to watch my Mommy have sex! And it's not even going to be with Daddy!!

My Mother walked over to the corner of the room completely naked, so confident in her raw sexuality. I had to scoot my butt down three stairs to see the strange man in the corner. This meant if I wasn't quiet I could be spotted a lot easier, but I'd take the risk. For some insane reason I really wanted to see my Mother get fucked. 

When I got further down the stairs, my eyes almost popped out of my head. There was a huge man dressed in a Santa Claus suit sitting in my Daddy's armchair. He looked very old with his big bulbous red nose and rosy cheeks. But at the same time, the eyes behind his tiny bifocals were filled with gleeful youth (which was probably from the tantalizing sight of my naked slut Mother standing in front of him!)

Mommy bent over and began to run her fingers through his thick white beard, letting him get a close-up view of her mammoth breasts. Then she knelt down in front of him, her eyes sparkling with anticipation. It was then I noticed the gigantic penis that was sticking out of a little flap in the front of his wooly red pants. My God, I thought, that's bigger than the penis Paul had in my dream!

Mommy slowly wrapped a hand around the huge prick and began teasing it with her fingertips. Her tongue flickered like a snake's, tapping on the head of the cock then traveling down to the shaft. Then she licked it all up and down in long slow strokes, getting it all nice and shiny. By the light of the Christmas tree, it looked all succulent and yummy. 

"I've been a naughty girl this year, Santa," Mommy cooed, while jacking off his greasy cock in her fist. 

"Well then, Brooke, I don't know if I'll be able to give you any presents this year," said Santa. "Why don't you tell me what you did, and I'll see how naughty you've really been."

"Well Santa, let's see. This year I've fucked my husband's friend MANY times. I've let him do things to me that I've NEVER allowed my husband to do."

Santa raised a bushy white eyebrow. "Such as?"

"I let him fuck me...up the ass, Santa."

"And how many times did you allow THAT to happen?"

"Oh MANY times, Santa. So many times that my asshole won't even fully close up anymore."

"My oh my."

"But that's not even the worst thing I've done, Santa."

"Oh no, my child?"

"No Santa, the most depraved thing I did this year was seduce my daughter's boyfriend while she was away at college. He's only 18, Santa, but he has the most marvelous cock! So BIG...so virile. It's NEVER limp as you can imagine since he's only 18. Oh, and it shoots wads and WADS of cum. And it tastes so delicious, Santa. After he erupts in my mouth, I savor it on my tongue for as long as I can. Then I drink it all down and I digest it, Santa. Swallowing all that hot creamy cum from an 18-year-old boy...oh it's like gulping down a big, thick, delicious helping of eggnog." 

I could not believe my ears!! Paul was fucking MY MOTHER?! Cumming in HER MOUTH?! And my Mother was LOVING IT?!

"That is naughty, my child," said Santa with a look of rapture on his plump old face as my Mommy continued to stroke and suck his big cock. "Having relations with your daughter's boyfriend? You should be ashamed of yourself. I'm sure your daughter would be hurt if she knew."

"Serves her right honestly," scoffed my Mother. "Paul's told me she won't let him do anything more than french kiss her. An 18-year-old boy needs a release, Santa. And if my daughter's not going to give it to him, then I will. And oh God, he does make me cum so hard – again and again and again. There's nothing quite like an 18-year-old cock."

"Is that so, Brooke?"

"Yes Santa, except for one thing."

"And what's that, my dear?"

"YOUR cock! So FUCK ME with this yule log now that I've made it all big and hard and wet!"

I watched my Mommy climb onto Santa's lap. His pink meaty cock was there one minute, and in the blink of an eye it disappeared into my Mother's furry cooze.

"Oh FUCK ME, SANTA CLAUS," my Mother moaned while bouncing up and down onto his cock. 

I could see the thin membrane from her vaginal innards gripping onto Santa's thick shaft every time she rose up off his lap. Her ass cheeks were covered in sweat as they slapped up and down to the rhythm of their fucking. 

God, I was getting turned on watching my Mom. This was so wrong. But yet it was way more wrong that she was fucking a stranger in a Santa suit while Daddy slept unknowingly upstairs. And it was way, WAY more wrong that she'd been fucking MY BOYFRIEND and God knows how many other men in our town!

"Oh I love cock, Santa," my Mother panted, riding the fat old man. "Thank you so much for fucking me...oh and thank you for the 10-inch dildo last year!"

"You're quite welcome, sweet Brooke," he said before thrusting his tongue deep into her mouth.

She started grinding her ass onto his lap. Santa's entire cock was now all the way up inside Mommy's cunt. She wiggled back and forth, enjoying it as it stretched the walls of her pussy. 

"Ummm," she groaned. "And thank you, Santa, for the anal beads the year before last. I love stuffing them up my ass while I fuck my twat with that big dildo!"

"My pleasure, Brooke dear."

"Oh Santa Claus, I'm going to cum all over that big fat jolly cock of yours. Oh dear, here we go...AHHHHHHHHH!!!"

Santa clamped one of his big black mittens over Mommy's mouth to keep her screams from waking Daddy (and the rest of the neighborhood!).

As I watched Mommy's body shake in sexual spasms on Santa's lap, I realized I was touching myself. One hand was stuffed deep into my panties toying with my slimy clit. My other hand had crawled into my teddy and was taking turns tweaking my right and left nipples.

Slowly, my Mother's orgasm wore off and she collapsed onto Santa.

"Oh Santa, I'm the biggest whore in the neighborhood, aren't I?" she panted.

"Yes Brooke, but that's why I give you the most presents," he chuckled.

I was strumming my clit really hard and fast now. Would she keep fucking him after she caught her breath? I wanted to see more fucking as I made myself cum!

But then suddenly, there was a noise on the roof. It sounded like...someone was walking around up there! I stopped playing with myself and stood still, unsure what was happening. Then there was a clattering in the fireplace – an echo of some sort. It sounded like birds chirping. The sound was coming closer. I could start to make out words, but they were spoken in a high-pitched voice.

"Look out you idiot!" the voice shrieked. Whatever it was, it was coming DOWN THE CHIMNEY! 

There was a dull thud as a tiny person landed at the bottom of the chimney and into the fireplace. 

"Ouch!" he squealed.

Then, out of nowhere, another tiny person landed on top of the first.

"Yikes! That smarts!" he cried.

And finally a third tiny person fell onto the pile of the other two.

"Whoopee! That was a fun ride!" he yelped.

They hopped out of the fireplace and dusted the soot off their clothes, snickering all the while. They were dressed in green velvet vests, with green tights, and they had pointed caps on their heads and green felt shoes on their feet. And their EARS – my God, their ears were POINTY! Each of them stood no taller than 3 feet high!!

This cannot be happening, I thought as I ceased touching my private parts out of pure shock. I pulled my hand from my panties, and stared at the unfolding scene totally astonished.

I thought my Mommy would scream, but instead she had a devilish grin on her face, as if the fact that three fucking elves had emerged from our chimney was a good thing.

"Now I told you boys," said Santa in a scolding tone, "to stay at the North Pole with Mrs. Claus. You shouldn't be stowing away in the back of my sleigh like a bunch of Sneaky Petes!"

They just stood there giggling wickedly while staring at my Mother's naked, sweaty body as she lingered on Santa's lap.

"Now what would Mrs. Claus say if she knew how bad you boys have been?" said Santa shaking his head in disgust.

One of the elves spoke up in his high-pitched voice. "I think Mrs. Claus would be even angrier if she knew how bad YOU'RE being, Santa."

The old man coughed nervously. "Oh you are such bad little elves." 

"Don't worry, Santa," said one of the elves stepping up to my Mommy and squeezing her nipple nice and hard causing her to yip like a puppy dog. "We won't say anything to Mrs. C. as long as we get to join in the fun."

"Very well," Santa conceded. "Now Brooke," he said looking into my Mommy's big beautiful brown eyes, "the boys here are going to ravage you. I want you to be a good girl and let them use your body however they want to."

My Mommy stuck the tip of her index finger into her mouth and sucked it playfully. "Yes Santa," she said like an innocent little schoolgirl about to turn very naughty, "I'll let them do whatever they want to me."

The three elves pulled my Mommy off Santa's lap and laid her on the couch. Their bodies were small, but apparently they were stronger than they looked. Plus Mommy wasn't really putting up a fight. 

They began pulling their clothes off, rudely smacking Mommy's big fat tits, sticking their little fists into her used cunt.

"Oh yes, I've always wanted to be gangbanged by ELVES!" she gasped as her eyed rolled back into her head.

This cannot be real, I thought to myself as I uncontrollably pulled down my panties and mashed my sticky swollen clit into one of the varnished-wood balusters on the staircase.

One elf climbed on top of my Mommy's body. His face only came up to her breasts, which allowed him perfect access to bite and suck her swollen nipples. I watched his little 4-inch elf cock jab its way into her soaking wet snatch. 

"Yes, fuck her," I whispered to myself as I humped the baluster harder. "Fuck my slutty Mommy!"

The two other naked elves jumped onto the couch. I thought one was going to make Mommy suck his prick, but instead he turned around and sat right on her face. "Lick my fudge-hole!" he ordered her. 

"Uhnnnghh," she groaned as his little ass smothered her. The other elf had pulled two of my Mom's toes apart so he could squeeze his little cock between them. He started rubbing her sweaty foot back and forth on his stubby shaft. 
