 A while ago I got an email from Sarah, one of my former lady friends, with an interesting proposition. We had made love several times and she had always been enthusiastic, sometimes a bit kinky, but never too far out. One of the things she liked was to take a dildo and put it into her pussy and have me fuck her with it. After she climaxed from the dildo, I would eat her dripping pussy in the 69 position and then we would fuck. Although she liked the feel of my cock in her mouth, she had never actually sucked me off and I had never cum into her mouth. Sarah preferred being on top for both the 69 and for fucking, which is fairly common and fine with me; in fact I actually prefer it. The business with the dildo was a bit unusual but I had no problem with it.

Sarah told me she had a boyfriend, quite a bit older than she is, and the boyfriend wanted to videotape her and a man having sex. According to her email, Sarah thought of me and she was asking if I would be interested. My memories of her are all good ones, and I really enjoyed the times I was with her, partly because she is so sexy. Sarah is about five feet, eight inches tall with short, blonde hair but the thing I especially remember about her is her body. She is REALLY sexy, curvy, rather plump, just as a woman's body has to be to be REALLY sexy, with large breasts ending in big, sensitive pink nipples. Her pubic hair is kept trimmed and sometimes she even shaves it off.

Since I make a point of never turning down a reasonable request, I gave her a tentative yes answer and my telephone number and told her that I would need to talk it over before I could be definite. Appearing in a porno videotape with a sexy woman like Sarah sounded like a lot of fun and, since I am not subject to blackmail or any of the other problems that other persons might have, there was no real downside that I could see. Even so, I did want to know all the details.

That afternoon, Sarah called me and answered all my questions. After I was satisfied, we arranged to meet the next day. When I went to the house her boyfriend owns, I was impressed because it is in one of the most expensive neighborhoods in town. The house is big and well-made and stands on a large lawn, which had the look of being professionally maintained. Sarah let me in and introduced me to her boyfriend, Pete, who was slightly older than me. 

"Sarah has told me about how you and she used to get it on and we both thought that you would be the best one for what we have in mind. I'm having some problems getting it up and sometimes it helps to watch porno videos. We talked it over and decided that a video that included the woman I'm getting it up for would be better than anything else. Sarah tells me you are the best man she knows of when it comes to pleasing a woman and that's what we want, someone who will make her cum like crazy, and see to it that she has a really good time."

"Sarah explained a lot of that to me yesterday. I'm here, and I'm available to help you, but couldn't you have gotten a professional actor to do the 'gig,' I think the word would be?"

"We talked about that. They charge too much and Sarah doesn't want to have sex with some stranger. She figured you could do at least as good a job as a professional actor, probably better, and I'm inclined to believe her, from what she tells me about you. I do a lot of videotaping for friends' weddings and other events as a hobby so I have all the equipment and I know what I'm doing with a video camera. We've set up a spare bedroom to use if you want to take a look at it."

The room that would be our studio had a bed in the middle of the floor, surrounded by lights and camera stands so Pete could position his video camera and join in if he wanted to, while continuing to record. I had a feeling he would want to; I would certainly want to join the fun rather than just operating the camera. I am no judge of such things but the setup looked good to me and I couldn't think of anything else that I would add. 

"Do you think you will have any problems in front of a camera?" Pete asked.

"I've been the middle of a large group many times and it has never bothered me. The camera shouldn't either. The lights are hot but not too bad, especially with the air conditioning. Besides, Sarah is so sexy that I will be concentrating only on her." After that, all three of us discussed what we would do. There was no script because we had no dialogue planned; we would say whatever was appropriate. Pete would avoid talking while the camera was on but there were a few simple hand signals we might need to use. Sarah would be pretty much in charge of what she and I would be doing and I would take direction from her.

We all decided to skip the preliminaries such as undressing each other or kissing and other foreplay. These are a lot of fun to do but not so much fun to watch and they would only be fast-forwarded anyhow by Pete and Sarah when they watched the tape. Accordingly, after Sarah and I undressed ourselves she lay on her back and I lay next to her. I noticed, approvingly, she had shaved her pussy that morning, which would make for better close-ups. Pete stood at the side of the bed opposite me, pointing the camera at us and when he said "Action," I cupped one of Sarah's lovely breasts in my hand and started licking it. I spent the first half a minute licking the nearest one and then I switched my attentions to its lovely twin, and continued switching back and forth.

Since she has such big nipples, I mostly licked with broad strokes of my tongue, and this technique, compared to short jabs of my tongue, was better for taping anyhow. Most of the time when I was concentrating on her breasts, I licked but Sarah has such beautiful and luscious globes I had to suck on them also. When I sucked, my tongue was licking her nipples also but all the camera could see were her lovely mounds partly covered by my mouth, so I mostly just licked her nipples, making a point of letting the camera zoom in on the contact with my tongue.

Sarah likes to talk while making love, sometimes loudly, and her language is usually quite frank. While I was licking and sucking her nipples, she was squirming on the bed, thrusting her breasts at me and loudly saying things like "Lick my tits, George. I love it when you lick my nipples. Take my tits in your mouth"

While the taping was going on, I concentrated on what Sarah and I were doing for ourselves and each other but when I saw the finished videotape, I saw that, during this first sequence, the film included a lot of Sarah's face, showing her smiling and cooing. Most of the rest of it was my tongue and my mouth caressing and sucking her nipples to make her smile and coo. Sarah was lying with her legs spread so there were also some close-ups of her clean-shaven pussy, especially after she started fucking into the air and her juices started flowing. Once they were flowing, the pussy juices became almost a flood, which is another fond memory I have of Sarah, the volume of juices her pussy produces.

Although, like every time before, I was really enjoying myself on Sarah's big, lovely breasts, the heavy flow of juices from her pussy meant it was time to go to the next scene. After licking the channel between her luscious twins, I licked and sucked and kissed my way down her plumply sexy body. Along the way, I twirled my tongue into her navel, just to hear Sarah giggle and urge me lower. When I reached her mons, since it was hairless, I continued to kiss and lick my way farther, all the way to the upper ends of her outer pussy lips. At that point, as planned, Sarah said, "Stop there, George, and I will go get Big Buddy."

"Cut," Pete pronounced, and I, reluctantly, removed my face from Sarah's fragrant pussy. "Okay, Sarah, I'll film you getting up to go get the dildo, and then I'll shut off the camera, and turn it on again when you get back to the bed. Ready? Okay, Action!"

Sarah got smoothly off the bed and went to the bureau, off camera, to get her dildo. On her way back, she stopped by the bed, held it up and turned it in her hands so she could admire it and the camera could zoom in on it. As dildos go, it was admirable, long and thick with a rubber spur for her clit and pleasure bumps strategically placed. I recognized it, having used it before on Sarah's pussy and I knew what it could do for her. Sarah lay on her back again as the camera zoomed in on her pussy, taping while she inserted the dildo into herself. It took several pushes but once it was all the way in, she pumped it in and out, moaning in pleasure as the long, thick shaft, the spur and the pleasure bumps all did their jobs. After a few strokes, it was my turn to fuck her with it and I reached under her thigh and took hold of the base, which was in the shape of balls. With my arm under her thigh, Sarah had more freedom of motion, and she used that freedom, rocking on the bed and fucking strongly back against the dildo.

As I stroked the dildo slowly in and out of Sarah's pussy, her body squirmed and tossed on the bed beside me and her pussy fucked back even stronger as she got closer to cumming. She started shouting directions to me also, and these were included in the soundtrack. "Fuck my cunt, George. Fuck me good. Yes, yes, like that. Oh, God, that feels good. Faster, now! Fuck me faster!" 

When I started ramming the dildo into her faster, Sarah thrust back to match the increase in speed. The spur massaged her clit, so I twisted the big toy on every stroke to increase the amount of contact, multiplying her pleasure. "Yes! Yes! Fuck my clit! Give it to me!" she cried out. I continued to fuck Sarah with what I knew to be her favorite toy but I also knew there were things I could do that the dildo could not, so I decided to do them.

Sarah was close to cumming, I could tell, but I also knew what I could do to make it even better for her. Holding the dildo in my right hand, which was still looped under her leg, I turned it, continuing to drive it in and out of her pussy but not stimulating her clit with the spur. With my left hand, I peeled back her clit hood, exposing Sarah's engorged love button. Later, when I viewed the tape, I saw that Pete had done a great job of catching the action, zooming in for a close-up of Sara's fully exposed shiny wet clit, showing my fingers holding back the hood just above and the big dildo plunging in and out of her love hole just below. 

Figuring that I had something in mind, Pete kept focusing on Sarah's lovely clit. He was right, of course, and what I had in mind was to lick her there, caressing her with my tongue while continuing to fuck her with the dildo. When I started, I kept my face tightly against the hand holding back the clit hood and extended my tongue to fondle Sarah's adorable love button. The steady contact with my tongue was better than the intermittent contact with the spur and Sarah let us know what she thought of the new action. "Oh, God, yes, fuck my cunt! Lick my clit!" she shouted out joyfully, her pussy fucking the dildo so strongly she was lifting her ass of the bed while her upper body thrashed around beside me.

Pete angled the camera so he could tape the action of Sara's Big Buddy in her love hole and the action of my tongue on her clit so I slightly changed the angle of the toy to give the best view possible. This wasn't easy, the way Sarah was pitching and rolling on the bed with her pussy fucking up against the dildo, seemingly trying to envelop the base even. Although it wasn't easy, it was sure fun for me and for Pete, who told me later what a great time he had during the shoot and how he expected to get a lot of even better times from the videotape. Sarah, of course, was probably having the best time of all, and she loudly told us how great it was for her, and what I should do to make it even better.

The combination of the dildo and my tongue did what they were intended to do making it a lot better for Sarah. "Yes! Yes! I'm cumming! Fuck me harder! Harder!" she howled, and I was glad for the thick, sound-muffling walls surrounding us. Her hands grabbed my head and held it in place over her clit and her legs squeezed my arm, making it hard to keep fucking her the way she wanted. I did my best to drive the dildo in and out of her pussy, as fast and as deeply as I could, and I turned my head to keep my mouth on her clit. When I saw the film later, this was one of the best parts, with Sarah cumming ecstatically. Although her clit was not visible since my mouth was covering it, the dildo in her pussy was in plain sight since Pete had straightened up to record over her legs that were clenched around my arm.

Sarah climaxed with a jerk of her entire body and then she relaxed on the bed, her arms and legs sprawled out. Pete continued filming while I slowly drew the dildo from Sarah's pussy and he zoomed in to show the fresh juices gushing from her love hole. When the toy was all the way out, he called out "Cut."

"That's what you think," I said to myself. I left the dildo lying on the bed and pulled my arm out from under Sarah's leg. For a long time, I had been tantalized by the incredible aroma of her delectable juices, and I knew they would taste even better than they smelled. After I no longer had to be patient, I licked everything off her thighs, clit, crotch, pussy lips and everywhere else there might be some of the nectar. After that, I sucked everything out of Sarah's love hole. When I was through, Sarah was cooing in pleasure from the touch of my tongue on her pussy and I was expressing my pleasure from the sumptuous feast of her delicious and plentiful pussy juices.

She had cum so thunderously that Sara was going to need a few minutes to gather her strength before the next sequence and we would both have to move around to get into position. We would be 69ing with me lying on my back because that is the easiest way to tape and the way we both like it anyhow. Most of the taping would concentrate on my mouth while I was eating Sarah's pussy but sometimes it would show her sucking my cock. I wouldn't cum but she would, and the sequence would end right after that happened. The transition to the position we would be using is an awkward one so Pete left the camera off while Sarah and I were getting into place. "You're going great, George," he told me. I could feel my cock getting hard watching. You too, Sarah. Seeing your pussy all juicy and fucking the dildo like that was HOT. This is going to work out just fine." 

Lying on my back with a pillow under my head and Sarah straddling my face with her legs, we were ready when Pete called out "Action" again. The first thing I did was to reach up and spread Sarah's ass cheeks because I know that, for me at least, a pretty pink rosebud like hers is very sexy. After sucking out whatever juice had accumulated in her love hole since I had licked and sucked her dry, I tilted my head slightly and extended my tongue so Pete would have a clear view of the action. I knew he was right behind me and I hoped he was taping my tongue licking slowly along his girlfriend's pussy lips. On film or not, I was enjoying myself and I could tell Sarah was too because of the way she was stretching her legs out above my head to give herself more freedom of movement and of the way her pussy was already fucking down into my face as I started licking. 

Normally, with a sensitive and cleanly shaven pussy like Sarah's, I would have started licking the outer lips to enjoy the feel of her smooth skin but since there were some time considerations, I started licking the small area between her inner and outer lips, below her love hole. The flesh there is soft and smooth and I enjoyed the feel of it on my tongue as much as I would enjoy it anywhere, as I licked to where the lips on that side were close together. After I reached that point, I probed the seam between the two lips and the surfaces of both labia. I wanted to do a thorough job of eating this delightful pussy above me so, regardless of time considerations, I covered all the area many times over. Sarah liked it as much as I did, probably even more. "Keep eating my cunt," George, she told me. That feels really good."

When I reached the place where Sarah's inner lip ends to form her clit hood, I kept going, licking all the way to the mons and briefly enjoying the smooth, hairless skin there. The top of her hood is very sensitive and it was the next place I caressed with my tongue, indirectly stimulating the lovely clit that is sheltered there. I could hear Sarah moaning from the pleasure she was receiving and her pussy was strongly fucking down into my face and covering me with fragrant juices.

When she felt my tongue close to her sweetest of sweet spots, Sarah wanted me to get even closer. "My clit, George. Lick my clit," she urged. When I continued to caress her clit hood, instead of her adorable love button itself, Sarah squirmed and twisted her pussy around to get my tongue where she wanted it. Because of her advanced state of arousal, I preferred to stay away from where Sarah wanted me to lick, although my tongue would spend plenty of time fondling her clit before we were through. I moved my tongue below her wet love hole and started licking her other pair of pussy lips. 

In the corner of my eye, I saw Pete moving around to the other end of the bed and then I felt Sarah engulf my cock in her mouth and suck on it gently. One of her hands was cupping my balls while the other was fingering my ass while her warm lips moved up and down. Slowly and deeply, she sucked my cock, in and out of her mouth. I loved the feel of her lips on my pubic hair and the head of my cock bumping against the back of her throat. Even better was Sarah's tongue caressing my cock inside her mouth and her lips massaging the shaft as she stroked up and down on it. Although Sarah enjoys sucking my cock and she is good at it, I wouldn't cum into her mouth because I would save that for her pussy after we got done with the oral part of the videotape. 

"Cut!" Pete said, and then he added, "I ran out of tape and I have to put a new one in the camera. I have enough of Sarah sucking your cock. Now I want to concentrate on you eating her pussy." Sarah continued sucking on my cock for another minute because she was enjoying it but then she stopped, took it out of her mouth and licked all around the head. Even while I had been off camera, I had continued eating her pussy because it is so pleasurable to Sarah and to me. Even if I hadn't already known how much Sarah loved having me eat her out, I could have told by the way her pussy was squirming around my mouth, flooding my face with her delectable juices and fucking into my face and by her moans and the way her body was twisting and turning above me.

After Pete had his camera ready again he gave us directions. "Okay, I have enough footage of Sarah sucking your cock. Now I want to concentrate on you eating her pussy until she cums. Ready? Action!" The last command was redundant because I had been eating her pussy all along.

While Sarah had been busy with my cock in her mouth, my tongue had been busy, licking her other pair of pussy lips as I had licked the first. I knew it was almost time to start licking her clit but I wanted to wait until my cock was out of her mouth. When that happened, and she was licking my cock head, my tongue stopped caressing her clit hood, and curled underneath to caress the lovely, engorged jewel hiding underneath. The touch of my tongue on her clit pleasured Sarah to the greatest degree yet and she interrupted her moans to let us know it. "I love that! George. Lick my clit! Keep licking my clit! Oh, my God, I can feel your mustache tickling me! Suck my clit! Suck my clit!"

Both of us really enjoyed it when I licked her clit but I stopped before she could have cum from it because there were still some delightful parts of Sarah's pussy that my tongue hadn't explored. The first of these places was the lower edge of her love hole and, after feasting on the plentiful juices from her pussy, I probed my tongue into there. I was close to her pink rosebud but I stayed away from the hole itself, although the thrusts of my tongue did cause it to "wink" slightly. Later, when we watched the tape, all three of us agreed that this, especially because Pete had gotten it in close-up, was a very sexy part. Licking her there also produced plenty of delicious juices because Sarah was getting closer to cumming. She let me know about it, too, loudly telling me to suck her clit. 
