 Josh was right about being watched as they entered the lobby of the ballroom for the cocktail hour. The eyes of most of the men—and some women—were on her as they walked through. Noticing this, Lauren casually glanced at the other women to make sure she was dressed comparably to them. She believed she was. There were even a couple of women who were dressed somewhat trashy. 

If Lauren had to say something good about Nancy, it was that she had raised a real gentleman. Josh never did leave her to go huddle with the other guys, although there were a couple who leaned in to whisper something in his ear, undoubtedly about her, but Josh never said anything to them that made her feel as though she was just arm candy. He never got himself a drink without offering to get her one also, and he was very polite when introducing her to his colleagues. 

Lauren did have a couple of opportunities to talk to some other wives and girlfriends. Most wanted to know how she and Josh knew each other. She merely explained that their families were friends. 

Josh held her chair for her when they finally went into the banquet hall to their assigned tables. The chicken dinner was about what she expected the banquet meal to be. The master of ceremonies was a comedian from Hollywood, not a big name, but someone she'd heard of. He was only moderately funny, but he did make an otherwise boring awards ceremony a bit more interesting. 

Of course, the highlight was when Josh went up to receive his trophy, and Lauren felt extremely proud, as though she was his real girlfriend. 

The bar remained open for a while after it was all over, and with a glass of wine during the cocktail hour, and one with dinner, one more afterward was about all Lauren could handle. Josh didn't have any more to drink than she did. When he finally suggested they leave, Lauren wasn't tipsy, but she was feeling good. As they walked, she wondered how the remainder of the evening would go once they returned to their room. 

Once in the room, Josh instantly removed his coat and tie. "Glad to get that off. Not used to having to dress up." 

"Yeah, it's been a while since I've had to wear a dress also." Lauren kicked off her heels. 

"I hope you weren't too bored." 

"Not at all. I really enjoyed it." 

"Well, the party's over, we might as well get comfortable. Wanna watch a movie or something?" 

"Or something. Can you unzip me?" When he did, the flimsy material of her dress slid of her shoulders. 

Josh tried to catch it, and in the process, his arms went around her. "This feels familiar," he said, recalling that night in the hallway. 

"Nicely familiar." 

"Really? So, if I were to remain like this—" 

"I wouldn't try to squirm free." 

He wrapped his arms around her. "This is nice." 

"But not exactly the way it was." 

"Oh, you want it the way it was?" Josh asked playfully, hoping he was reading her correctly. Slowly, he moved his hand up to cup her bra-covered breast while gently easing his other hand into her dress and panties. 

"Mmmm, now that's how I remember it." She reached back to place her palm on his thigh. Tilting her head back and up, Josh twisted his neck so his lips could connect with hers. 

His fingers became more aggressive inside her panties and it felt wonderful. She slid her hand to his crotch to make certain he was hard. She didn't really want to be the aggressor, but she suddenly wanted him badly. Turning around, she gently pushed him backward to lay on the bed, shaking off her dress and stepping out of it along the way. She undid his pants and tugged them and his underwear down and off. Before kneeling on the bed, she squirmed out of her bra. 

"And here I was afraid of being too aggressive," Josh quipped. 

"Am I being too aggressive?" Lauren asked, suddenly concerned. 

With a smirk, Josh said, "I'm used to an aggressive woman." 

Lauren smiled, assuming he was referring to his sister. She licked his shaft and balls, and then set about sucking his cock. Using her best technique, she ran her tongue around the rim of his crown and jabbed it against his slit. She munched on the soft underside beneath the head. 

"Ohhh, that's good," Josh moaned. He reached out and pulled her up to kiss her again. He liked the softness of her lips against his. 

In between kisses, Lauren dragged her big tits and nipples up and down his chest. On her slide up, he reached down to push her panties off, and she assisted as best she could, flicking them somewhere with her foot. When she sat back up on his thighs, she grabbed the tip of his cock and rubbed her pussy up and down his shaft, her labia spreading over it like a saddle. 

"Mmmm, I like that," Josh commented, feeling her juices wetting his rod. 

"It's not bad for me, either." 

Josh pulled her to him once more to kiss her, and then he pushed her onto her back to return the oral favor. 

Lauren felt him French kissing her pussy almost like he would do it to her facial lips. Interesting technique and she liked it. He flicked his tongue against her clit and skillfully ran his tongue around the tiny bulb. Damn, he was good. "Damn, you're good!" 

Poking his head up, he explained, "I had a good teacher." 

She again assumed he was referring to Lizzie. 

Finally, Josh sat up on his haunches, and with dick in hand, he rubbed the underside of his shaft between her labia similar to what she had done. She liked his method just as well. 

Finally, Lauren moaned, "You can stick it in whenever you want as long as it's now!" 

Josh grinned. "Thought you'd never ask." 

Sliding it in slowly, she could feel every inch it of touch her inner walls. Her pussy embraced his cock as though it belonged there, and she was sure it felt better than any penis that had ever entered her tunnel, which really wasn't that many. She let out a slow sigh. 

She even heard some sounds of pleasure escape his throat. 

He pumped her very slowly to heighten the experience. He'd had sex with a couple of other women, and of course, he mostly fucked his sister, and she was good, but she didn't feel this good. He could feel the warm embrace of her wet pussy. 

Through hip movement, Lauren encouraged him to pump a little faster. Her pussy was already tingling. Pushing her trunk up, she grabbed him around the neck to help her sit up between his legs with her legs wrapped around his waist. She pressed her lips to his in their most passionate kiss yet. She loved his strength, which enabled him to work her pussy against his thrusts. This was the greatest fuck she'd ever had, and she could feel her orgasm building. Already very high on love, she held him as tightly as she could, and likewise, locked her legs around him until she exploded in the most massive climax she'd had since arriving in California, and maybe ever. She reached the top and stayed there for a few seconds, seemingly longer than any other orgasm, and continued to hold onto him as she slowly came down, breathing heavily. 

"Damn, that was good. You're good." 

"Thanks. So are you." 

Lauren rolled off him and onto her side. Josh spooned her, and they laid like that for a minute before she said, "You gonna stick that bad boy back inside me?" 

"Love to." 

Lauren raised her upper leg and draped it over his thigh. Josh guided his cock back inside her, and it felt like he was entering for the first time. Her pussy fit his dick like a glove. He grabbed her upper leg and held it above his own, and started pumping again, once more at a moderate pace. 

"Feels just as good as the first time," Lauren remarked. 

"Yes, it does." 

After a couple of minutes, Josh rotated her onto her stomach, straddled her closed legs and wormed his cock back into her tight pussy. 

"Oh, hell yes!" Lauren cried. 

He thrust slowly because of the extra snugness. He then reached out to place his palms on top of her hands. She spread her fingers so they could engage each other. 

Not surprisingly, she felt another orgasm building and she pushed against him to get him to pump a little faster. He was giving her long thrusts, pulling almost all the way out and driving his rod in to the hilt, his balls slapping her ass. When she climaxed, she squeezed her pussy as tightly as she could around his dick, its pulsing driving her over the edge. 

Josh pulled out of her, and she could see by the intense grimace on his face that he was about ready; that and the fact that his hand was flying up and down his shaft. She would have loved for him to come inside her, but her pussy was too sensitive to let him back in. But she had a better idea. 

Pulling herself forward, Lauren got out from between his legs. Back on his haunches again, she quickly turned around and squirmed her head underneath his cock and balls. Grabbing his dick, she pulled it forward so that his scrotum was resting on her mouth. She licked and suck his nuts while jerking his cock. She couldn't see because her eyes were covered by his perineum, but she heard his roar followed by the splatter of warm liquid on her tits and abdomen. And it just kept coming rolling down either side of her ribs. Finally, he removed her hand from his sensitive cock and collapsed onto his back. 

"Damn, that was the best orgasm I ever had," Josh managed to utter between gasps for breath. 

"Yeah, I know the feeling. Mine was too." 

"Is that really possible?" he wanted to know. "That we could each be the best the other has ever had." 

"Why not? Maybe it means something." 

"Like we should do this again?" 

With raised eyebrows, Lauren asked, "You ready to go again already?" 

"I meant go on a date again. But we can do the other again also." 

"Oh. Yeah, I would love to go on another date. You have any more banquets coming up?" 

"No," Josh answered with a chuckle. "And I would rather go on a real date. You know, out to dinner and a movie or something like that." 

"Yeah, that would be nice." 

To be sure, they did do it again, and then promptly fell asleep. 

* * * 

The phone buzzed on the night stand awaking Lauren. Groggily, she reached for it. A text. Sitting up, it took her a couple of seconds to focus her eyes and read the message. It was from her friend in New York whose family lived in San Diego. The family had notified the friend that Lauren had never showed up. Her friend wanted to know where she was and if she was okay. 

Lauren's phone also told her it was seven a.m., meaning it was eleven in New York. She eased out of bed and stepped over to the opposite corner of the room next to the window to call her friend. The girl answered immediately, and Lauren explained that she'd realized she'd had some old family friends—the easiest way to explain George's family—in California that she'd stopped to visit and they had invited her to stay for a while. She apologized for not letting her friend know and said she'd stay in touch. 

In Lauren's own mind, if things continued to progress with Josh, she could see herself staying indefinitely. 

Though she had tried to be quiet, something still caused Josh to awaken. He saw her standing in the corner on the phone still gloriously nude, and already, his day was off to a wonderful start. He wondered how any woman could be so completely beautiful, and then, how he could be so lucky as to be with her. It appeared she was ending her call, so he quickly arose and went to her. 

Smiling warmly at his approach, Lauren did not resist when he leaned in to kiss her, nor did she attempt to move when he wrapped his arms around her. Instead, she put her hands around his neck to enjoy the loving kiss. She recalled what a good kisser Lizzie had been, so it was no surprise that Josh was also. His sister had trained him well. 

Josh was overcome with affection with her cool, naked body pressed against his. He bent to kiss her breasts and couldn't help but taste her nipples. He kissed his way back up to her lips, and after locking mouths for a few intoxicating seconds, he moved back down to her breasts. Overcome with desire for this woman, he turned her around, placing kisses on her back and buttocks. 

Lauren giggled from his tickling lips. She turned around, pulling him back up, but not before he took a swipe of her pussy with his tongue. They engaged in a passionate kiss, and either she led him backwards or he pushed her—they were of one mind, so it was hard to tell who was guiding—back to the bed where she fell onto her back. 

His mouth again explored her chest and abdomen, and then he kissed her feet, calves and thighs, next unable to resist the lure of her delicious pussy. His tongue made sweet love to her womanhood. 

All Lauren could do was throw her head back and enjoy his expert oral affection. She could simply lie here and let him have his way with her, but after a few minutes, she knew she should reward him for his excellent mouth work. Reluctantly forcing herself to sit up, she pushed him back slightly, and the sight of his magnificent erect penis graduated her sexual laziness into forward motion. 

Lauren sucked just the head of his cock, swirling her tongue around it while it was inside her mouth, and then sliding her lips forward and backward against the smooth skin. She licked the soft underside causing him to shiver. She made oral love to his penis just as he had done to her pussy. 

He loved her mouth on his cock, but to him, oral attention was just foreplay. Holding her feet to raise and spread her legs, Josh's cock sniffed out her pussy and found its way in. As she had done with her mouth, he only inserted a couple of inches in. He pivoted his hips back and forth, and his legs nearly weakened over the feel of the rim of his corona rubbing her opening. 

Lauren whimpered it felt so good. 

Josh pulled all the way out, grasped his cock and rubbed the head against the hood of her clit. He then drove his length back in and thrust all the way, but slowly. There was just something euphoric about a slow pace, as though it heightened the senses. He used his thumb to gently massage her clit. He could see the contented passion on her face, and it was a thing of even greater beauty. 

Leaning over, Josh kissed each nipple, and then touched their lips together, not really in a kiss, just contact. 

Lauren's instinct was to kiss, but she sensed he just wanted the touch, and she found it quite erotic. She also wanted to encourage him to pump faster, but at the same time, his tedious pace was mind-blowing. It also occurred to her that he was not fucking her, he was making love to her, and the implications of that thought were too deep to consider at this moment when her mind was drowning in pleasure. However, it did bring her to a very soft and deeply satisfying orgasm. The usual telltales were there: muscles tensing, nerves tingling; there was not an explosion, but rather a gentle wave washing over her, carrying her with it a way until it passed her by. 

Josh stopped and pulled out, satisfied with himself that he'd given her this kind of climax. He smiled down at her and she returned the expression, but they both knew that much more had just passed between them. 

A moment later, Lauren got up and playfully turned Josh around and pushed him on his back onto the bed. They both chuckled. She crawled onto the bed, grabbed his cock and sucked it with no urgency. Once his shaft was wet, she climbed aboard, reverse cowgirl. Even though she had just come, the feeling of him inside her once again was just too exciting. 

Josh reached up and held her breasts. With one hand he rubbed her clit as she slowly bounced up and down. He then pulled her down so she was lying half on his trunk and half on the bed. After a minute or so, he turned her onto her side to spoon-fuck her. No matter the position, he felt as though they fit each other perfectly, as though his cock was made for her pussy, and vice-versa. It also occurred to him that these were the kind of thoughts you had at a moment like this, but he didn't care. He'd never felt like this with another woman. Yet, he feared saying anything, not wanting to scare her off. 

Lauren was having similar feelings but was afraid her thinking was clouded by the great sex. Still, it was heady enough to bring her to another orgasm. "I'm going to come again," she whispered. 

"So, am I." 

"I want to feel your love. Come inside me." 

"Are you sure?" 

"Shut up and do it!" 

So, he did, and the feeling of jets of hot cum splashing inside of her brought Lauren to a massive climax of her own. They were both moaning and whimpering and almost crying they were so happy with joy. 

"I know I shouldn't say this," Josh said, kind of wimpy, "but I think I love you." 

"Why shouldn't you say it?" 

"Because it might be too soon." 

"It can't be, because I think I love you too." 

Josh pulled out of her as a flow of his semen followed and puddled on the sheet. But neither cared as Lauren turned over to look him in the eye. 

"You do?" 

"Yes!" Lauren confirmed. 

"Are you sure, or is it the great sex talking?" 

"I've never had such feelings after having sex with anyone else before," Lauren said. "And I've been attracted to you since the first day I met you." 

"As I was with you." 

Lauren hugged him and they kissed. 

"So, what do we do about it?" Josh asked. "I've never been in love before." 

"Nor have I," she admitted. "So, I think we take it slow. Let's not force anything. If it's real, we'll know it as time wears on." 

"Okay. That's sound. Do we tell anyone?" 

"I would say not until we're certain ourselves." 

"Okay." 

They got up with an extra bounce in their steps and showered—together, of course, but nothing more. After dressing, they packed up and departed, grabbing coffee and breakfast to go, consuming it as they rode. 

* * * 

Both lost in thought of their discovery about one another, after they finished eating, Josh said, "There is one thing we need to discuss." 

Lauren wasn't sure she liked the tone of his voice. "What?" she asked hesitantly. 

"If we're not going to tell anyone yet, what about the sex we're having with Lizzie and Marv?" 

"Oh, yeah. There's that. If we stop, they'll suspect something." 

"Right." Josh thought for a moment, then said, "So, think about this, and I hope it doesn't sound contrived. What I do with Lizzie, other brothers and sisters might otherwise be watching movies together, playing games, playing video games; we play sex. We fuck. Last night, you and I had fun at the banquet, and then we came back to the room and had more fun, but, to me, it was intimate fun. We fucked. However, this morning, I felt something different. I felt like we were doing more than just fucking. I felt that we were really making love. Maybe it's just semantics, but to me, there's a difference between fucking and making love. My point is, going forward, I would think of it with Lizzie as just fucking, but with you I would be making love." 

Lauren did think about it. "Believe it or not, I completely agree. I do think you can do something with one person just for fun and something with someone else as more profound, more meaningful." 

"Is it really possible that you showed up almost by accident and we are so compatible and we agree on so much?" Josh pondered. "You do really agree, don't you? I mean, you're not just agreeing to agree." 

"No. If we're going to start a relationship, you should know that I won't just agree with you without really agreeing," Lauren said honestly. "If I disagree with you, I won't hesitate to tell you." 

"Good. And I promise to do the same." 

* * * 

Lizzie and Marv were waiting for them with big grins on their faces and questioning expressions. 
