 I want to know what it feels like to have two big cocks inside me. 

I want to meet my lovers and know that we are going to have the most wonderful time. I close my eyes and can see us now. Two big, strong men, kissing me and undressing me. Then I undress them. They stand before me, cocks jutting out, begging for my mouth. With a hand on each shoulder, they push me to my knees.

I kneel before them. My mouth watering at the sight of their hard cocks, pre-cum oozing from the tips. I lean in and take one into my mouth while my other hand reaches out and strokes the other. They are both clean shaven. I take him deep into my throat, loving how he feels there. I slowly let him slide from my mouth. I look up at him and turn my head to take the other cock into my mouth.  I bob my head up and down, my lips tight around him. 

I alternate now, stroking and sucking cock. Their moans fill the room. My pussy is drenched, I love sucking cock. The feel of the velvet skin in my mouth, the taste of pre-cum on my lips. The feel of their balls on my chin as I deep throat them. I concentrate on sucking. My head dipping low every now and then and sucking their loose balls into my mouth. 

I can feel one getting close, his hips bucking against my face, so I back off and move to the other. I don't want them cumming just yet. I tease them and bring them to the edge, then back off, sitting back on my legs and just stroking them. They look down at me. I smile up at them. We have so much time tonight. 

I rise slowly and they move close to one. One pulls me close and kisses me deep, his erect cock pressing against my soft tummy. I feel the other one behind me, his cock pressing into my ass as he reaches around and pulls my hard nipples, kissing my neck, making my pussy gush even more. We stay like that for a few minutes. Kissing. Tongues dueling. Hands roaming my body. 

We pull apart slowly and I am taken by the hand and led to the king size bed. We all lay down. My hands are lifted over my head and I am told to keep them there. I watch as two mouths descend to my tits, long tongues licking, flicking my hard nipples back and forth. Sensations shoot straight to my pussy. I gasp as teeth close over the hard points, each pulling hard, wringing a cry from me. My hands itch to pull their heads closer to me, but I don't move. I lay there and enjoy their delicious torture.

Strong, big hands come up and cup my tits, kneading them, plumping them. Then their hands slide over my stomach and down to my bare, smooth, soaked pussy. Fingers caress my outer lips, getting coated in my cream. One slips through my folders, finding my tight hole while the other finds my swollen clit. Slowly he rubs, small circles over it, his touch as light as a feather. I moan loudly, my hips arching up.

Together they play with my cunt. A long finger deep inside me, thrusting in and out while another rubs my clit, bringing me closer to the edge.

I look down and see them, eyes closed, lips, tongue, teeth working my nipples. I buck my hips, feeling that tightening in my stomach. I reach for it. It's just beyond my reach. Will they let me cum? Or will they tease me until I am begging for it.

I cry out as their fingers disappear. I open my eyes and see them smiling above me.

"Do you want to cum?" One asks, his breath sending chills over my flesh.

"Yes." I whisper, my body still arching up, hoping they will return their wonderful fingers.

They look at each other and nod. One moves and kneels by my head. Ah....payback for teasing them. I turn my head and open my mouth wide, taking him deep. My breath catches as I feel fingers spreading my cunt lips and the tip of a tongue touch my clit. I lower my hands now and wrap them around his hips, bring him closer. He leans over me, on all fours, his cock above my mouth, his hips undulating to fuck my mouth. I use my hand and cup his balls, feeling their weight.

I try hard to concentrate as I feel the others tongue on my clit. He sucks it into his wet mouth and rolls his tongue around it. Then he nibbles it and I groan around the thick cock in my mouth. I feel his arms slide beneath my hips, lifting me up to his questing mouth. His tongue licks down, diving into my soaked hole, lapping up my cream, then lower still, licking and teasing my tight ass. I cry out at the pleasure of it.

Moans and groans and growls fill the room. My body is on fire now. The tightening has started again and I need to cum. I'm making all kinds of sounds around the cock in my mouth. His hand reaches down and pulls my nipple roughly. I buck, my body writhing on the bed. I work hard on the cock I am sucking. I massage the underside with my tongue. I suck hard on the spongy tip, licking up all the pre-cum that leaks out. I wrap my lips tight around it and go for it. I want to feel it explode in my mouth.

"Fuck baby." I hear above me. 

My nipple is pulled and twisted painfully, but I love it. My cunt is on fire. I'm so close to cumming. My hips rock frantically against his mouth.

"Come on baby, come for me." I hear, his hot breath on my pussy. 

I suck harder faster. I want to taste his cum as I cum, flooding the mouth that is attacking my pussy. 

I cry out around the cock in my mouth, strong hands lift me against his mouth, he latches on and slurps and sucks, my body wracked with shudders as I cum hard.

Just then I feel his cock lengthen and thicken in my mouth. I hear a guttural growl and then my mouth is flooded with his hot, salty cum. I drink every delicious drop. I feel him moving away from me, his cock slipping from my swollen lips. The hands that hold my hips let go and I fall back to the bed. Panting I look down and see them switching positions. 

"My turn."

I open my mouth, ready for my second of many loads of cum I plan on swallowing that night. He rubs his cock head against my glistening lips before pushing inside. His is a bit thicker, but not as long. It's easy to deep throat him, his balls against my chin as he gently thrusts in and out.

My clit is sensitive but I don't care. I want to know what it's like to cum and cum, to feel tongues and lips and fingers and cocks rubbing my clit. He settles between my thighs, spreading them wider, opening me up. I feel him blow on my heated flesh and I shiver. He licks me long and slow, ass to clit. I shudder again. Then he dives in. He mouth ravishes me, his teeth pulling hard on my sensitive clit. I arch against him, my body knowing what it wants. 

I suck hard on the dick in my mouth. My hand going to his balls and squeezing, his harsh breathing telling me how much he likes it. I slip a finger down and press against his ass. He stops a moment, then continues to fuck my mouth. Again, hands at my breasts, pulling my nipples, making me moan and shake.

"God you're so wet." I hear, the sound of slurping and squelching as a long finger is inserted deep inside me.

"You gonna cum for us again baby?"

I can only grunt. Oh yes, I'm gonna cum. I buck my hips, again the familiar feeling starting deep inside me. 

"Oh yeah, oh shit yeah." I hear above me. 

He fucks my mouth faster, deeper, his hand going to my hair and holding me tight as he leans his head back and with a shout, empties his cum down my throat. His load is big and though I swallow most of it, some drips down my chin. He pulls out and leans back, breathing hard.

"Shit, you can suck cock." He says smiling down at me.

I try to smile back but I'm consumed with the mouth on my cunt. I'm so close. His finger is working magic on my body. I'm tightening, I'm arching, my body is ready to explode. His tongue laps at my clit, faster, unrelenting. I cry out, arching my body and cum hard, feeling his mouth on me, drinking every drop of my cum as it pours out of me.

We all lie back, catching our breath. My body is a quivering mass. I reach down and feel my wet pussy, rubbing my fingers through my wet slit and bringing my juices to my lips. I can feel them watching me as I taste myself.

"Damn." I head beside me, but not knowing which one spoke.

I sit up and look back at them, their cocks now hard again, jutting out.

"Are you ready boys?" I ask, rolling over and getting onto all fours.

I see them scramble up beside me. 

"How do you want to do this?" 

"Lay down, I'll ride you and then you, " I turn to look at the other one, "Can fuck me from behind."

They nod. One slides beneath me. Leaning over him, I feel the other one guide his cock into me. I sit down, impaling myself. I groan as he fills me, stretching my pussy. I grind a little bit on him, rubbing my sore clit against his shaved pubic bone.

"God." He moans beneath me. 

My tits dangle before his hungry mouth and he reaches up and pulls me closer, wrapping his lips and teeth around one nipple while his fingers pull the other.

The bed shifts and I feel my ass cheeks palmed. He's kneading them. Pulling them apart. A squirt of cold gel makes me jump but his strong fingers rub it in and warm it up. I relax. I want this so badly but know if I tense up, it will hurt.

I rock slowly on the others cock. It feels so good inside me. His mouth and fingers are magic. I feel the pressure against my asshole. I drop my head between my shoulders, taking a deep breath. I want this, I want this, I want this, I chant in my head.

Slowly he starts to enter me. I have been using a plug so I'm not that tight. I feel pressure. It's uncomfortable but not painful. I take a deep breath and release it. He's moving it deeper, my ass is opening to him.

"Jesus, this is tight." He mutters. The cock inside my pussy has made my ass tighter.

Nice and slow he enters me. All the while, his hands massage my ass, keeping me relaxed. I feel something "pop" and then feel his balls pressed against me. He's in. And in deep. 

I rock back and forth, slowly at first, setting up a nice rhythm. Not too slow, not too fast. Their sighs and groans fill my ears. I know they are enjoying this, but this is for me. My first double penetration.

A hand comes down and slaps my ass. I'm startled but the stinging heightens my pleasure. I moan. He slaps me again. I move faster, taking their cocks deeper into me. I feel their hands all over me. We're moving together now, one cock in, one cock out. In tandem, a perfect machine.

My clit is rubbing against his cock as it enters me. It feels good. I'm getting ready to cum against. We move faster, fucking almost wildly now. Pinching, biting, slapping, fucking. It's all so good. I am ready to cum, my body so tight. I throw my head back, pushing back against the cock in my ass, pushing down on the cock in my cunt.

"Come on...come on." They chant, guiding me on them

I'm wild now, my body shaking. I toss my head, my hair flying out and let out a wild cry as my body explodes and I cum, feeling my ass and cunt clench on their cocks.

I hear them in the distance, each shouting as their hot cum fills my body. Their hips jerking against mine. Spent, I collapse on my lover. His arms come around me. My other lover falls over my back. His arms comes around me and pulls me back against his chest. I look up and see the picture we make in the dresser mirror. Me, sandwiched between two hot men, their cocks still me. My body totally used. I smile.