 We go dancing together at a pub in a hotel. She's wearing a skimpy pink dress. She likes pastel colours that make her look like an innocent angel. Me, I'm wearing something black pants and black halter neck. He sits at the bar quietly sipping his drink. He doesn't like dancing much. 

The music begins so the two of us start grooving on the dance floor. Some songs just turn you on. We're not shy with each other, we've been friends for a decade. We start with light flirting, pulling close then away as we dance with each other, oblivious to all others. She's smiling at me and I'm smiling back at her and from a corner of my eyes, I know he's watching both of us. 

Our bodies barely touch and flits away for a few songs. After a while, the smoke and flashing lights start getting into me. I get bolder as she continues to flirts with me and everyone else on the floor. 

I put my arms around her waist and we gyrate hotly to the music. Closer and closer we sway, till my pussy mound is pressing against her ass cheeks. I almost moan. She tilts her head back and smiling, says something to me. I can't hear her. I lean forward to catch her words while my palms slide down her hands to cup her breasts. I can feel her sharp intake of breath. Her eyes open wide, staring at me. 

To the beat of the music, I swing her round to face me and pulls her against me. She can't resist as I hold her tightly and viciously against me like a man. We're still dancing, but this time, my crotch is grinding hard against hers. My breasts are pressed hard against hers. I don't know... are those two hard peaks I'm feeling through my own soft flesh? My fingers entwine in her hair and I pull her head back to kiss her lips. It tastes soft and yielding, different from a man. 

My hands slide down her ass as my lips trail down her throat. She's mine. My eyes lift to meet his. She's mine and I'd give her to him. 

I don't know what I'd see. Shock? Disapproval? What I want to see is lust. I want him to want me to go further, to seduce this woman for us. 

I press my leg between her legs and feel her going wild, humping her pussy against my thigh in the dark intimacy of a dance floor. She does so, a sexy bitch in the heat of the drums and I can barely stand it anymore. He stands up then and gestures to me. I smiled with triumph. He can't control himself anymore. I want him. I want him sooo bad. 

We whisk her off into a hotel room. In the lift, I press her against the wall and kiss her, one hand cupping her cheek. She tastes sweet and I tease her tongue mercilessly, making soft noises. I want him to hear. I know he likes hearing these things. 

He comes closer quietly and puts his arms around me from behind. I turn round and kiss him in the mouth, letting him have a taste of her. His hands slide up around me to fondle her breasts. The three of us are pressed tightly together. He is so hard against me. We are all breathing heavily with need in our eyes.

In the room, we fall in the bed like a pack of animals. I am trying to kiss and hug them both at the same time. He withdrew himself and sat on a chair to watch. The two of us kiss and strip each other sexily, giggling as we tease him. Showing him our wares as it were. His eyes darken with need as I suck and lick her nipples, one hand sliding over her clit. We grind our clit against each other, moaning wantonly, inviting him to come take us. "Don't you want these pussies? Sweet girl pussies, baby." I slide my hand over her ass enticingly and squeezes it showing him the sweet curve on that girl. 

He rises slowly and deliberately and comes to the edge of the bed. We crawl eagerly to him and remove his belt, pants and begin licking his cock, frenching each other over the tip. I have one finger sliding into her as she licks my husband's cock. She moans with excitement I grabbed her and mash my breasts against her as we both takes turn to slide his cock deep into our mouths. I push her down to kiss his balls making her lick them. He is so so hard. 

Then, he makes us both lie down in bed, she on her back and me on top. He crawl on top of us and with a grunt, slide into my moist tunnel. I cry out as he fuck me on top of her, my breasts rubbing against hers. She kisses me hard as my clit rock against hers. 

Then he pulled out and slide himself into her. She groan and writhe beneath me. I feel terribly aroused knowing that she's being fucked beneath me. I feel my wetness pooling with hers and I lower my mouth to bite and kiss her nipples. I kiss her earlobes and her shoulders, lick and kiss her everywhere as she enjoys the ecstasy of my hubby's cock. 

Then it's my turn again and I scream with joy. I'm never happier than when he's hard inside me. When he's taking me hard with his stiff rod. I bounce back against him wantonly while she pinches my nipples and grabs my hair hard to kiss me. We do this for a while and each time he enters me, I have a mini-orgasm from the ecstasy. Each time he enters her, I have a huge rush watching her face twist with pleasure. 

The next time it's her turn I crawl round and start licking her clit. Before me, I can see his cock fucking her hard. Sliding in and out of her moist tunnel. I open my mouth, he slide his cock into me. I could taste her before he slides it back into her cunt. God... this is so filthy. She's licking me too, we're doing a 69 while he fucks her. I press and grind my pussy on her tongue with the joy... I need to come I need to come... oh god... yes! yes! I close my eyes with the exquisite pleasure of the o. God... there's nothing like it. Beneath me, I feel her writhing, I know she's close too. 

A moment after I came, I hear her scream... it's actually a series of short girlish shrieks as she suffered from the little death. I watch her face lovingly, kissing her as she can no longer bear his fucking. 

He couldn't take it for much longer either. He groaned and discharge outside of her, splashing the two of us gloriously, marking us as his sluts. The three of us fall on the bed with exhaustion, gently kissing and resting for a while before we start again.