 It'd been 18 months since I fucked the man who had since dominated all my sexual fantasies. I'd given up hope of ever finding him again and I'd stopped picking up look-alikes in seedy bars. I'd been dating Jason, an accountant, for a couple of months and he'd recently proposed to me. I'd accepted his proposal and I'd just returned home from a shopping trip with my friends. I'd bought a dress to wear for the engagement party that Jason's parents were throwing for us the following weekend.

It was one of those scorching days in summer when it doesn't matter what you do, your hair and your clothes still stick to you. I was wearing a white camisole top with built in bra support. I wore a short red skirt with red lace thongs underneath. On my feet I wore the not so very comfortable, but very sexy red 3-inch sandals I'd bought a few weeks earlier. I'd just opened the front door and was about to walk in as I heard steps behind me.

"I hear you've been looking for me," said a voice I never thought I'd hear again.

I turned around and looked into his green eyes. His hair was as messy as I remembered it, but perhaps slightly blonder. He'd not shaved for a day or two, but his stubble wasn't as long as last time. He wore a white t-shirt and old blue jeans. A cigarette dangled between his lips. Somehow he looked more menacing in daylight than he had at night. My eyes wandered down to his bulge and I remember how he tasted and how he felt inside me.

"So what'll it be?" he asked casually as he leaned against the wall. "Shall we fuck again?"

"You?" I exclaimed as I got my voice back. I had so many questions. I knew I should tell him to go away, but my pussy had gone into overdrive at the sound of his voice and was now bathing in a pool of juice.

"Yes or no," he insisted. "Either we fuck or we don't."

He walked to the other side of the road, jumped up on his motorbike and turned it around. I knew I only had seconds to decide. I threw my bags through the door and locked it again. I ran up to him and only had time to put the helmet on before he threw away his cigarette and set off at a breakneck speed. I held on for dear life as he drove out of town into some woods. When we'd reached a small cabin by a lake he finally stopped and I got off the bike. He took my helmet and continued straddling the bike.

"Take your clothes off," he commanded me and I did as I was told, feeling confident that I'd have his cock inside me within ten minutes, finally relieving the sexual tension I'd felt since we last fucked.. I pulled my top off, revealing my tits to him for the second time. There was nowhere to put it so I left it on the ground. Then I slipped out of my skirt and finally I took off my thongs.

"And the shoes," he said and I stepped out of them.

"Give me everything," he continued and I bent over to gather it all and hand it to him. He took my thongs and licked the wet spot where my pussy had just been. With a smile he stuffed my things into the helmet that I'd been wearing and he drove off.

I was terrified. I didn't know exactly where I was. I had no clothes. The ground was covered in stones and I didn't even have any shoes. I thought I was going to cry. I'd never felt so humiliated in my life. Why did he have such power over me? I'd never let any other man use me, but this guy… He'd used me once and now he was humiliating me. And the worst part was that my nipples were fully erect, my pussy was still dripping and I was happy that I'd had a Brazilian wax the day before.

I don't know how long I waited but it soon got dark and I got very afraid. I'd tried to open the door to the cabin, but it was locked. I had to relieve myself behind a bush and then I stepped into the lake to wash myself. I promised myself that if I ever saw him again I'd kill him for doing this to me.

Eventually I heard the sound of an engine. It came towards me with its headlights on full beam, blinding me. I thought I could make out two people, and I was pretty sure it was a pickup. The vehicle came to a stop and the two people exited, leaving the headlights on so that I couldn't see them. I was reasonably confident that one of them was my guy, which was why I hadn't run off.

"This is my slut," said the voice I recognised. "What do you think?"

"Niiiiiice tits," said another male voice appreciatively. "And you reckon her cunt is tight?"

"It was very nice and tight last time I fucked her, but I hear she's fucked around a lot since then. It tasted great though."

"Yeah, that's what Pete said. He 69'ed her on the pool table when she was looking for you. I never saw the video, but I hear he's made a fortune on it on the Internet."

My actions in the past passed before my eyes and I remembered the guy they were talking about. I'd been so horny and frustrated that night that I'd agreed to 69 him on the pool table in the backroom of a pub. Afterwards he'd doggie fucked me as well. I couldn't believe that he'd taped it.

"Yeah, I finally saw it a couple of weeks ago. That's why I came back. All these guys were having fun with my slut and me not getting a slice of the action, it didn't seem right."

They were now standing in front of me and I felt very vulnerable. They were clothed and I was naked. They could do whatever they wanted with me. Finally my guy spoke.

"Babe, this is my friend Eric. He wants to fuck you too and I said I didn't mind sharing. Let's go inside."

That was it. He didn't even bother asking me if it was OK with me to fuck his friend. He didn't apologise for leaving me there. I knew I should be furious, but I was hornier than ever. Eric seemed to sense this and reached between my legs with his finger. He slipped between my pussylips and ran his finger along my slit.

"Oh yeah, babe," Eric said and sucked my pussy juices off his finger. "You're ripe for fucking. Come on."

He grabbed my hand and unlocked the cabin door. Meanwhile my guy went back to the car and switched off the headlights. Eric turned on some lights and I looked around. There was nothing more than a double bed, a table and two chairs in the cabin. I turned around and could finally see Eric. I'd already ascertained that he was as tall as my guy. He had brown hair and brown eyes and he looked like he didn't enjoy shaving a lot. He cupped my tits and pinched my nipples hard.

"I love big natural tits," he said and grabbed my ponytail. "I also love blowjobs and I've been told that you give a good one. On your knees."

He pulled my hair downwards and I had no option but to obey. I unzipped his jeans and pulled out his cock. It was already semi-erect and very thick. As I wrapped my lips around it and started teasing it with my tongue I could feel it growing in my mouth. I'd been prepared to hate this guy, but his cock tasted so good. My mouth was open wide and I could only just fit him inside. I fantasised about how good he'd be in my cunt.

"Mmmm," said a voice from the door. "I see the party's already started."

"Oh yeah," Eric replied. "She's such a good cock sucker! Don't stop babe! Take me deep!"

My guy undressed and kneeled behind me. He started kneading my tits, pinching my nipples hard and pulling them. I could feel his cock hardening against my ass. I started wondering how and when he was going to take me, and I didn't have to think about it for long.

"Babe," he whispered in my ear, "get on all four so that I can fuck you from behind."

I let go of Eric's cock and dropped my upper body forward, parting my legs to give him plenty of access to my hungry cunt. Eric dropped to his knees in front of me, grabbed my head and shoved his cock back into my mouth. I was no longer sucking him as much as he was fucking my mouth. He had a tight hold of my head and his hips were moving back and forth with vigour now. Then I felt the sweet sensation of that wonderful cock in my cunt again. My dreams and fantasies of the last 18 months had all been true. He filled me so completely. Just by penetrating me he nearly gave me an orgasm.

I struggled for breath as Eric fucked my throat, but this only intensified all other feelings. My guy was pinching my nipples and pulling my tits in opposite directions as he started slamming in and out my generously lubricated cunt. Eric's pace increased and I tried to move my tongue around. Soon I felt a jet against the back of my throat and Eric pulled out, continuing to squirt his cum all over my face. I smiled happily and then I came. I cried out and my cunt spasmed around the powerful shaft that was boning me so hard from behind.

My guy pulled out and dragged me with him to the bed. He lay down and I climbed on top of him. My cunt was gaping wide as he'd only just vacated it and it felt wonderful to welcome him back inside as I straddled his juicy cock. He asked Eric for a towel and he wiped the cum off my face before he pulled me down, crushing my tits against his chest and ravaging my mouth with his tongue.

I was busy enjoying my delicious fuck when I felt something cold against my ass. Then my anus was filled with gel and I knew what was going to happen next. I'd taken several guys up my ass in the last 18 months and I was starting to enjoy it. But never before had they been as thick as Eric's cock and I'd never tried double penetration. I shuddered with excitement as I felt the pressure of Eric's shaft against my back passage. My guy held me still and pulled my buttocks wide apart as Eric slowly inched entered me with his enormous head.

I moaned out loud. The pleasure and pain combination was out of this world. I could hardly breathe, my whole being was concentrated on the two cocks that were fighting for space in my two neighbouring holes. And then I suddenly felt that they were both buried in me, balls deep. 

"Ooooooooooooooooh yesssssssssssss," I cried out, lost in the depravity of the situation. "Fuck me!!!!"

The guys laughed and then they obliged. Pretty soon we had a rhythm going and our moans and grunts filled the cabin. I didn't last long before I came again, but my muscular spasms only slowed the guys down momentarily. They soon kept fucking me. Eric started kneading my tits from behind and I looked down at my guy. I could tell he was close to cumming and I let myself go again. As my moan got louder and the pressure on his cock increased he groaned and started shooting his load deep inside me.

Eric stopped fucking my ass long enough for my guy to pull out of my cunt and get in front of me. I started licking my juices off his cock as Eric's pace in my ass picked up. Now that he was alone in my holes he could move much faster. My ass was tight around his prick and I could tell from his grunts that he was enjoying it. His hand reached for my clit and soon I felt a finger moving between my battered pussy opening and my swollen clit. I started sucking my guy and his cock was soon as hard as before. I worked his cock with my hands, my tongue and my lips and he tasted so good. I sucked his balls and then sucked his cock back in my mouth. I couldn't get enough of him.

I don't know how long we fucked like that, but like an expert Eric managed to get me to climax again as he was ready to cum. As soon as his fingers set me off he grunted and shot his second load of the night into my ass. I could feel his cock twitching inside my anus and it set off a second wave of that orgasm. I cried out my passion around the cock in my mouth.

Eric pulled out slowly and said something to my guy about getting cleaned up. My guy pulled his cock out of my mouth and told me to get on my back. He grabbed my ankles and pulled my legs up on his shoulders and then he buried his cock in my cunt again. I was absolutely spent and didn't think I could manage another orgasm that night, but the position I was in increased the friction between us and his constant pounding against my clit soon had me on fire again.

He leaned forward and kissed me, pushing my legs down and my ass up. I could feel the cum running out of my ass, my juices and his previous load slurping out of my cunt. I'd never felt so dirty in my life and I was loving it.

"Please, please," I panted. "I gotta cum. I can't take it anymore."

"Not yet," he encouraged me. "Just hold it back a little while longer."

He increased the pace. He was pumping me like a man possessed and his sweat was dripping from his brow onto my face. He slammed inside me. The night air was filled with the wet sounds of our fucking. Then when I thought I was going to go insane if I had to hold back any longer he started moaning.

"Now, babe!"

My most powerful orgasm of the night had my body shuddering violently and I cried at the top of my lungs. I could feel his cum shooting inside of me and it kept my orgasm going. Soon we collapsed next to each other and he lit a cigarette, offering me one.


"Wanna go skinny dipping?" he asked once he'd caught his breath.

"Yes," I panted back.

We could hardly walk, but we helped each other out and I felt dirty, slutty and incredibly sexy with all the cum running down my legs. We were greeted by Eric who was swimming around in the lake.

"Finally! What took you so long?"

My guy laughed. "I'm not into quick fucks anymore. I want to take time to enjoy them."

"Well, we better get going now or my wife is going to get suspicious," Eric reminded my guy.

He looked at his watch and agreed. They started moving out of the lake and I followed them. My guy turned around.

"You can swim a little bit longer. I'm just taking Eric home. I'll be back in the morning."

In the time it took for those words to sink in the guys had already gathered their clothes and moved towards the pickup truck.

"In the morning?" I shouted out.

"Yeah," he replied. "You better get some sleep because we have a lot of fucking left to do."

With those words he left me. I couldn't believe it. Tomorrow was going to be Sunday and I was supposed to meet Jason and his parents at their country club for lunch. But I was without clothes and without a phone. How was I ever going to explain this? I knew I should feel guilty thinking of Jason, but I realised that I didn't. All I could think of was the owner of that magnificent cock. I lay down on the bed and I could smell the marathon fuck that had taken place there earlier. I slowly drifted off to sleep, dreaming of thick cocks.

The next morning I had to relieve myself behind the same bush again and then I went for a morning swim. On my way back to the cabin after my second lap of the lake I saw two people on the beach. They were getting undressed and entering the water. I recognised my guy, and he was accompanied by a short and stocky man with long hair in a ponytail. Normally I wouldn't be attracted to him, but he was standing with his cock in his hand, stroking it slowly and it was massive. As I swam up to him he grabbed me and held me by my armpits. My guy entered the water and the stocky guy changed his grip to cup my tits.

"Hey babe," said my guy with a grin on his face. "I thought you'd escaped. This is Lonnie. I promised him a piece of your ass for setting up the cameras in the cabin for last night. You don't mind, do you?"

I was beyond caring and shook my head. My guy laughed and grabbed my legs. As Lonnie played with my tits he started eating my cunt and I cried out with joy when I felt his tongue between my pussy lips. His tongue travelled up and down my slit and then he started finger fucking me. He knew all the right buttons to push and with Lonnie's pinching and pulling of my nipples I came in record time. The guys carried me up on the beach where I straddled my wonderful cock and he slid straight inside my slippery canal. Lonnie was right behind me with the gel and soon his massive cock was making its way up my back passage. The three of us fucked with fervour. Ever so often I saw movement in the bushes and I didn't care whether it was humans or animals. All I cared about was my next orgasm. I came once. I came twice. By the time I was ready for my third orgasm I felt Lonnie emptying his balls in my ass and that set me off again. A third cunt spasm was all that my guy could take because he shot his load inside me then.

As soon as Lonnie had pulled out of my ass he jumped up on a motorbike and drove off. The two of us lay panting on the grass.

"You're still a great fuck, babe," he smiled. "I should've come back sooner."

"Why didn't you?" I asked.

"Oh, shit happened and one thing led to another and before I knew it all that time had passed."

"I'm engaged now," I said and waved my ring finger at him.

"Yeah, I know," he grinned at me. "And yet you're as anxious as ever to fuck me."

"You're a good fuck too," I answered and he laughed in reply.

"Oh, I spun by your place this morning and picked some stuff up for you. That shack behind the cabin is a makeshift shower. You might want to clean yourself up before we go back."

I took the back he'd pointed at and it was full of my toiletries as well as a beautiful summer dress, shoes, and sensible underwear. I had a quick shower and when I came out I realised that he must have cleaned himself up in the lake. He was dressed in a clean white shirt and beige slacks. He'd shaved and combed his hair back. He scrubbed up quite nicely. He reminded me of someone but I couldn't figure out who. It was probably himself!

I thought he was going to take me home, but instead he drove me straight to Jason's parents' country club. I got sick with worry, but didn't dare say a word after one look from him. When we reached the country club I saw Jason and his parents exiting his dad's BMW. I wanted to die when I saw the worried look on Jason's face, and then the puzzlement as he saw me in the pickup. My brain was working overtime, trying to think of an explanation. Jason helped me out of the truck, but instead of speaking to me, he turned to my companion.

"Jim? What are you doing here? Why did you bring Marie?"

Jim? JIM? As in Jason's brother Jim? I was flabbergasted and couldn't utter a word.

"Marie and I are old friends," said Jim. "We ran into each other last night and we've been catching up with each other and reminiscing about the good old times."

Jason looked at me and I nodded.

"You could've struck me over with a feather when I realised that she was my little brother's fiancée."

"Why didn't you tell me you knew my brother?" Jason demanded.

"She didn't know I was your brother," Jim saved me again. "She knew me back when I'd decided to use granddad's surname to make it in business on my own. I just never told her that I'd changed it back."

We were joined by Jason and Jim's parents who thought it was a wonderful coincidence. I think I played the perfect daughter-in-law that lunch because I didn't have any views about anything. I was still too stunned by the revelations, and too confused about what the future might hold. I was engaged with one brother, but I lusted for the other.