 They had been close friends over the last two years since John had met Barry at the beach club. They both played softball for the club team and became very friendly since John was a pitcher and Barry a catcher. Tracy and Nellie became friendly also and usually showed up for each weekly game to root for their husbands. They started to get together every weekend and either spent a Saturday night on Long Island or in Spring Valley, where Barry and Nellie lived. They became very close, as each liked the other, and everything was loose and relaxed between the four of them. John and Barry were both ex-Marines and had a lot in common. 

Tracy and Nellie were exact opposites in looks, except that they were both blonde. Tracy was slight in build with a small, but cute, ass and small but adorably pert breasts capped by large rosettes and large nipples that always seemed to be erect. Nellie was a foot taller and a hell of a lot wider although she had a sexy hourglass figure and a very sexy look about her. She had large, firm breasts with big nipples and a great ass that just invited attention. The thought of doing her had crossed his mind quite a few times.

One day when Barry was in the city, he called John and they met for lunch. During their conversation, Barry interrupted him and asked, 

"Would you like to have sex with Nellie?" 

John was surprised to say the least and blurted out, 

"Yeah, I would love to have sex with your woman but will she go for it?" 

Barry told him not to worry about Nellie and that his concern was Tracy because, of course, he would love to fuck her as much as John wants Nellie. John's face fell as he didn't think there was much chance of Tracy going along with their hopeful plans. Barry told him not to worry since he thinks he knows how to handle the situation. They already had plans to get together Saturday night at John's so Barry told him that he was going to bring over some sex cd's that they would watch together. He told John to sit close to his wife and start to play with her while they watched the movie and let things progress from there since he would be doing the same thing with Nellie. He said that he wanted to break Tracy into it slowly and have it evolve naturally so this Saturday night they will each fuck their own wives but within sight of each other.

Saturday night finally came around and Tracy answered the bell to let the Nelsons in. They had drinks in the living room and Barry announced that he had been given some great sex CD's by a State Trooper friend who had confiscated them from a raid that they made last week. He was told that they are excellent movies with great casts, including some gorgeous hermaphrodites, and they had to watch it. John took the CD from him and set it up in the player and started it with the remote as he walked back to sit down next to Tracy. The movie was very good and the people involved were absolutely gorgeous so the comments made by everyone during the viewing were all positive and added to the sexiness of the moment. John looked over and saw Barry pinching Nellie's nipple through her blouse and reached up and brushed his hand over his wife's pert breasts and felt her shudder as his hand ran across her nipple. 

He followed Barry's lead and all four of them were intently watching the arousing action on the screen and also watching each other play. John was fingering Tracy's clitoris with the tip of his finger as she watched Nellie arch her back and lift her hips to give Barry more access to her crotch. She was transfixed watching Barry's tongue lapping every inch of that gorgeous cunt. She never realized that a cunt could look so inviting and Nellie was quite a woman with full, shapely thighs which framed her petal like inner labia. It was almost like a Georgia O'Keefe painting. They soon forgot about the movie and watched each other exclusively as Tracy sat on John's erection as she watched Barry stroking deeply into Nellie while she gasped and moaned and seemed to have one orgasm after another. 

They spent the rest of the evening doing the same except for a few breaks to have a drink and watch the CD again. After Barry and Nellie went home sometime early in the morning, John got into bed with his wife to go to sleep but they were both too horny to do that so they discussed the events of the evening as they slow fucked themselves to sleep. 

John called Barry on his cell next morning and they discussed how well things went last night. Barry told him that next week, things will change. He'll bring some more CD's but this time he's going to sit next to Tracy while I sit with Nellie and we'll do exactly the same things that we did last week. John asked, 

"Don't you think we're proceeding a little fast? I don't want Tracy to be turned off to group sex before she has a chance to try it" 

Barry told him not to worry and that, so far, everything has proceeded as he planned. 

Saturday night arrived and John answered the doorbell showing the Nelson's into his apartment. While having drinks, Barry got up and set up the CD and asked John to show him something on the stereo equipment. They turned on the CD and headed back to sit down. Barry walked over to Tracy and made himself comfortable next to her as John did the same with Nellie. As they watched the sexy video, John reached up and cupped Nellie's breast in his hand as he flicked his finger over her nipple. She moaned and pressed back for him to do more. 

He glanced over to see Barry bending his head to suck Tracy's erect nipple in his mouth as he ran his fingers into her crotch. Tracy had her head back and was urging his fingers on by lifting her ass and opening up wide. John helped Nellie out of her clothes and stripped off his before rejoining her on the couch. He noticed her rapt attention to what her husband was doing with Tracy so he got down on his knees between her spread thighs and gazed at the gorgeous crotch before him before leaning forward and flicking his tongue over the tiny button peeking out of its hood. Nellie shuddered as he teased her clit and held his head tightly to her cunt as he orally worshipped her entire crotch. 

Tracy was having her entire crotch and anus tongued by an expert and was in another world as she watched her husband licking Nellie's cunt. She got that same strange feeling of wanting to do it to her also as she had last week when she saw that gorgeous crotch spread out before her. It was like it was the proper thing to do. After her first orgasm, John got up and fit the head of his cock to her sopping wet vagina and fed it inside listening to her gasps of pleasure as he filled her with his thick meat. He looked over at the other couch and saw his wife sitting on Barry's erection, facing him, and watching him fuck Nellie. They fucked like this for a while and then Barry suggested that they go inside and hop into bed and be more comfortable. 

They adjourned to the bedroom and Nellie lay back and spread her thighs inviting John to go down and worship it which he could never refuse in a million years! As he buried his head between her ample thighs and started slipping his tongue deep inside her pink hole, a mouth covered his organ, which he assumed was his wife's, and began feverishly sucking on his cock which sent shivers of fabulous sensations throughout his body as he lost himself in the pleasures he was experiencing from both ends. He knew that his wife was taking to this lifestyle like a duck to water and was thrilled because he loved it also. 

He assumed that she was really turned on because she was giving him the best blowjob of his life and he unloaded his balls into her hungry mouth as she sucked him dry. He never stopped eating the delicious pussy all through his orgasm and he kept at it until her breathing got heavy and she started bearing down on his face and holding his head in her hands as she came in spasm after spasm while his tongue searched out every drop of the juices she fed him. 

They spent the rest of the evening with more sucking and fucking and, after the Nelson's left, they got back into bed and discussed the events of the evening while they spoon fucked. They were both so hot for each other after each session with Barry and Nellie and wound up having sex afterwards. John looked at her and said, 

"By the way, that was the best blowjob I've had in a long time, thanks." 

She looked at him perplexed asking just what blowjob he was talking about. 

"The one you gave me earlier in the evening, of course!: he replied. 

She suddenly realized that he was mistaken and told him that it wasn't her that was sucking him, it was Barry! 

"Barry sucked me like that? My God, that was one of the best blowjobs I've ever had!" he mused. 

As he fell off to sleep, he thought about Barry sucking him again like that and then craved doing the same back to him. It had been a long time since he had sucked a cock but it wasn't bad when he was 15, so how bad could it be now? He knew that if he wanted Barry to suck him again he was going to have to reciprocate so he more or less resigned himself to trying cock again. 

When the next weekend rolled around, the Nelson's invited them to come up to their house for the weekend as their two girls would be sleeping over friend's houses and they were going to be alone, which was very rare. John and Tracy arrived at their place around 7 pm and Nellie had dinner ready for them, and a delicious one at that. After dinner they sat in the living room having coffee and Barry asked if he should put on a sex CD and Tracy told him not to bother as she and Nellie would get things started. Tracy turned on the music and a very sexy beat coursed through the room as both women started to move and undress in time to the music, which was almost primeval. 

The contrast between the two of them only served to heighten their desirability as Tracy's trim, athletic body with curves in all the right places was juxtaposed with Nellie's huge and Ruebenesque body and size. The two women faced each other and played with each other's genitals and breasts and then Nellie led her over to a couch and asked her to lay back and relax as she wanted to get to know her better. John's penis was standing straight up as he watched his wife being orally worshipped by Nellie and it only felt natural when Barry's hand encircled his erection. Then he called out, 

"Nellie!, doesn't she taste absolutely delicious?" Nellie lifted her head for a moment and grinned her approval before going back to her delicious task. 

As he and Barry watched the girls, they played with each other's organs when suddenly John got down on his knees between Barry's outstretched thighs and started licking his balls as he fondled his thick erection. He found that he couldn't resist the beautiful penis standing up so thick and hard before him and everything he did to it felt natural and beautiful. When his lips covered the satiny smooth crown, he knew he was home, and he began to suck lovingly on the swollen head while massaging Barry's big, tight balls. Barry was describing what the girls were doing as John sucked voraciously on his organ from base to head. 

John pulled his mouth from the thick penis to tell Barry that his cock tasted absolutely delicious and then went back to worshipping the beautiful penis and crotch spread out before him. He realized that he loved sucking cock and was enjoying himself tremendously as he feasted on the wonderful organ. He heard Tracy moan as she came and called out to him, 

"Oh God, I love to watch you suck cock! It drives me wild!" 

Then she and Nellie swung into a 69 so they could both see what their husbands were doing while they ate each other. John was sucking deeply on the beautiful penis when it suddenly erupted in spurts of cum which at first almost choked him until he backed off a bit and caught the remaining loads on his tongue so that he could enjoy its flavor before swallowing it. He sucked and squeezed the thick organ to get every last drop out of Barry's balls and then lifted his head and smiled at Barry telling him that he enjoyed sucking him immensely and will provide the service whenever and wherever he wishes. 

Barry told him that he loved sucking him also and was looking forward to doing it again very soon. The two of them idly played with each other's organs as they watched their women eat each other. They came within a minute or so of each other and rolled over on their sides as they told their men how fantastic it looked to see John sucking him so beautifully. They asked if the guys could start a show which they would join in due course so Barry and John got on the couch in a 69 position with John on top. 

Even though he had very recently sucked the penis that Barry fed him, he looked forward to it since he loved having that delicious piece of meat in his mouth so when he saw the beautiful crown appear before his eyes, he covered it with his lips and began to lovingly nurse on it as he stroked the thick shaft. Barry was deep throating his cock and sending shivers of pleasure coursing through his body as he sucked the thick organ. The two of them were in another world when they heard Tracy tell them to break it up as she and Nellie both wanted a cock inside them, right now.

John pulled his mouth from the delicious cock as Barry did the same and they rolled apart as Tracy got down on her knees and took the head of her husband's cock in her mouth as she tugged on his balls and nursed on the crown. When she had finished feasting on the vast quantity of precum oozing from his slit, she lay down alongside him and asked him to please watch while Barry fucks her in the ass. Barry eagerly got behind her and rubbed some precum in her anus as he moved his cock back and forth in her slit until he deposited the wet tip in her puckered hole and pushed the crown inside. He held her by the hips as he stroked deeply into her and she grunted in pleasure whenever he filled her up with cock. Nellie sat down in front of Tracy and fed her cunt to her. 

Tracy needed no urging as she dipped her face into the sweet crotch and began to worship it with her tongue and lips. John couldn't resist any longer and slipped underneath his wife's crotch and looked up to see her beautiful pussy begging for attention as that thick cock worked in and out of her ass. He managed to capture her clit between his lips and felt her bucking as he sucked it like it was Barry's cock. He heard Nellie cry out and tell Tracy that she was cumming and he heard her moans as she went off to Nirvana holding Tracy's head in her hands and feeding her vast quantities of her juices. Then Tracy groaned as her orgasm overcame her and the thick cock filled her ass while her husband sucked her clit. When the two women came back to earth, they all decided to rest a moment since John and Barry were nowhere near cumming. 

As they sat on the bed and sipped cold drinks, Tracy confessed that she had called Nellie during the week and discussed the events of the previous Saturday night. She said that when she found out that Nellie was as turned on as she was, they made plans to strip for them and get things started on the right foot. She had also asked Nellie if she would mind if Barry fucked her and Nellie had replied, 

"As long as I'm watching, you can do anything you wish with him. Of course, I would enjoy having your husband's thick cock inside me while I'm watching you two." she answered and Tracy replied that she wasn't sure how she would react to watching John having sex with her but yes, Nellie could have her husband's cock and she would watch them while Barry has his organ deep inside her also. 

Then Nellie broke into the conversation and told her that watching Barry have sex with either a woman or a man drives her wild with passion. She had told her that watching this scene while being eaten or fucked was one of her favorite ways to cum. Then Tracy asked her about woman to woman encounters and Nellie told her that she had only discovered that sex with woman was as beautiful as sex with a man for the past year. Tracy told her that she had an experience with a roommate at college which was fabulous but they never continued it after graduation. 

"That's when we decided to start tonight off with a little girlie show which we just knew would turn you guys on." Tracy told them. 

"I never realized that sucking cock could be such a turn on for me" John said to Barry. "You've opened a whole new world for me!" 

Tracy interjected, "Watching you suck Barry's beautiful penis was one of the most exciting things I've ever seen. You're going to have to do it often to satisfy my desires" she told him. 

Then he asked her if she enjoyed sucking Nellie and she looked at him with a sparkle in her eyes as she told him that she felt like she was home the minute her mouth covered Nellie's delicious pussy. 

"It was a little strange at first but when I first ran my hands over her gorgeous body, I felt like it was the natural thing to do. From that moment on, I looked forward to really getting to know her well." she replied, "and I was looking forward to tonight all week since I would be having sex with both of you for the first time and from what John told me last week, I would be watching him reciprocate with Barry and wondered how it would affect me. Turns out, I'm like Nellie. I loved watching him suck Barry's cock especially with Nellie's talented mouth working on my crotch." 

John reached over and grasped Barry's thick erection in his hand as he told him how fascinated he was with his beautiful and most delicious cock just before dipping his head and wrapping his lips around the sloped, swollen crown. It was like heaven having that cockhead in his mouth again as Barry's moans filled the room. Barry was lying back on the bed holding John's head in his hands as he lifted his hips and fed his cock to him. Tracy moved over and squatted down over him and lowered her crotch to his mouth while Nellie moved down and began to suck John's throbbing organ. John suggested that they all get on their sides and form a suck circle. 

Then he set the alarm on his watch for 15 minute intervals when they would each move up one person so they wind up sucking everyone. All Nellie had to do was swing around so Tracy could suck her and they were set. John went back to enjoying Barry's sweet meat as Nellie sucked deeply on his penis and before he knew it the alarm went off and he was sucking Nellie while Tracy sucked him. This continued for a complete circle and then Barry asked John if he would like to be fucked. Before he could answer Tracy's face lit up and she clapped her hands and begged him to let Barry fuck him as she wants to watch his face as he's being fucked. John told him it would be OK but to please be gentle as he's never had a cock in there before. 

"I promise you that I'll break you in so nicely, you'll be begging me to fuck you again." Barry told him and then asked which position he would prefer and when John got on his hands and knees in front of him, he rubbed his crown over the tight, puckered anus and got it good and wet with his precum before forcing the head inside and holding it there a moment as he reached underneath and played with John's big balls. 

When he felt John pushing back to get more cock, he began a slow steady series of thrusts which soon had all of his thickness deep inside the virgin hole. Tracy had positioned herself in front of him and was watching his expressions intently as she fingered her clit. Nellie crawled underneath him and remarked how beautiful her husband's cock looked as it moved in and out of John's ass just before taking the head of John's organ between her lips. 

The movements of the penis in his ass began to feel excruciatingly good especially with his cock being sucked so wonderfully while he watched his wife jill herself. He let them take him on a beautiful high and lost himself in the pleasures he was receiving from both of them. Then Tracy propped up a few large pillows and sat down on them and fed John her pussy to suck while the other two worked on him. He was in another world when he heard Barry cry out and grab his hips as he plunged his thick organ deep inside John's ass and let go his load. John had never felt anything like it before as Barry pumped load after load of hot cum deep inside him. His face must have shown the ecstasy he was feeling as he lifted his head from his wife's pussy and looked at her with a glazed expression in his eyes. That's when she came! She played with her clit until her spasms ended and never took her eyes off John's face all through it. 
