 I wanted to try a gangbang.

I am a woman 35 years old, loving sex but having had it, let's say, the "normal way". I loved it but I wanted to explore further.

I am single, I am not a beauty, I am just a normal woman, and however I have lots of energy and drive. Also when it comes to sex I am very generous and can be very demanding to my partner. I never had sex with more than one person, never had homosexual sex, perhaps because of a lack of opportunities and that I never really looked for it. Anyhow I am always willing to try whatsoever.

So I thought that I should take the initiative and plan to have a gangbang. I started to exam myself and the first question that I had to tackle with is: Why? 

Well; because of several reasons...like, I am curious to find out whether I could have the power to attract a group of men to the point of concentrating in having sex with me. Of course I know that I could have sex any time I want to with a man. That's the power of a woman, but that was not the point. My concern is: If I am, let's say, fucked simultaneously by three man and there are another three or more in the line. Would I have enough appeal to retain them until their turn arrived? I concluded that only the real experience would answer that question, therefore a good reason to go ahead with my plan.

Another reason: most of the times I have sex, when my partner is totally spent I feel like wanting more. When he falls asleep I have an urge for more, sometimes even I have to masturbate to calm down. Moreover, after "normal sex" I feel like being in the best moment for having a lot more sex, like when you warm up for exercise and you feel in great shape for the main effort and then something comes up and you cannot continue and you get frustrated. It's another thing in favor of having my own gangbang. I expected that in my own gangbang I would always have a hard and eager cock to keep the fuck on.

Yet another reason: I really want to experience being fucked by more than a man at the same time. As the flip side of that coin I also wanted to know if I could please several men simultaneously. 

And even another good reason: I wanted to experience some practices that require more than a cock...That's a good reason!

Up to now all these reasons seemed more than enough for me to continue with my plan, however the concerns were also there, like: what kind of people would I invite? Could it degenerate in something violent? I hate and fear violence. What about the diseases? I prefer bareback sex but I also wouldn't like to catch anything bad. I wanted to be confident if I was going to take several loads of cum in all my openings. I suppose too that the attending men would have approximately the same concerns on this matter.

How many men should I invite, if a man could yield an average of three loads in one session and I invited ten I should handle 30 fucks, would that be enough, too few or too much? I really didn't have a clue.

Another concern was about the initiative. Should I have the commands, should I try to pass it over to the men, should I try to balance between the two extremes? I really did not want to be a rag doll, I also wanted to ask for special services without neglecting the pleasure to get used by the men. Again I would try also to satisfy the special requests of my partners.

You might think that I am too complicated, that should I want a gangbang it would be enough to take my agenda and call a good number of guys, get fucked and that's it! Well yes, but that's not me, I really need to organize things and this is a real THING for me!

So there I went, it took me a whole weekend to think about this and I decided to go ahead my way, the organized way. That Sunday I started to work out a tentative list of partners.

I did not want only friends to fuck with and I decided to invite just a couple of them and asked them to spread discreetly the word to whom of their acquaintances they thought would be a good partner and ask the interested ones to contact me through email.

I started to receive some emails and the number started to dramatically increase, I suppose as the word spread more and more. When I widely surpassed the hundred I decided to post an automated message thanking everybody and declining the offer due to the large number of candidates.

I was astonished! I wouldn´t have imagined that success. Just because the evidence that I was advancing towards my goal made me feel a strong need to masturbate so I went to my bed, stripped and picked my favorite dildo together with my Teddy Bear (Yes, believe it or not I need to feel my bear against my skin while masturbating. I normally place it under my thighs). I laid on my bed on my side hugging my Teddy Bear against my breasts and caressing the insides of my thighs slowly and sensually. I closed my eyes and allowed my imagination to fly. I saw myself on a massage table. Around it many man that looked the same to me; around six foot, lean, athletic, dark hair, tanned skin, dressed only with a white slip and white sandals, they were sensually caressing my body, every part of it but my breasts my crotch and my butt. They were using a kind of oil, perhaps olive oil. The caresses were profound, smooth and with a tantalizing rhythm that flew me into a state of ecstasy. After a long while some of my men started to caress my butt. An erotic warm sensation enveloped my body and started to breathe faster. 

There I was laying on my side, rubbing my thighs with one hand closer and closer to my pussy and hugging my Teddy Bear against my tits with my other arm, while my brain projected my own image with those men thoroughly caressing my body.

Then the men in my brain started to focus on my tits (small, you may cup them in a normal hand's palm), rubbing them and sucking my nipples. Others concentrating into caressing my labia, slowly separating them, slowly preparing it to receive a male.

My breathing rhythm increased and deepened, my pussy started to produce a lot of lubricant that I felt starting to spill out.

Then I felt the tip of a tongue starting to explore my entrance and consistently and expertly licking and aiming for the base of my clit.

I started to moan in pleasure, I travelled that familiar road and I loved to do it over and over. I knew that later I would explode and enter in a sustained state of orgasm that would transport me to almost the loss of consciousness.

My hand on my pussy reached for my dildo, put it closer and started to rub my clit gently.

The men in my fantasy continued their attentions, the one sucking firmly my clit was making me rush into my climax while all the others cares accompanied me like an orchestra backs the soloist.

When I reached my climax I grabbed my dildo with both hands and inserted in one stroke balls deeps inside me and fucked myself passionately keeping me ridding my orgasm for a long long time, like the surfers ride the waves. 

I came back slowly after a long time, exhausted and panting. I had masturbated with an unknown quality. The preparation of my gangbang was already paying dividends!

I started interchanging emails with the guys that had shown interest in me and my offer. I asked them about their expectations and the kind of practices that they would like to fulfill with me, as well as any other concern or question. I systematically eliminated people that sounded devious or reluctant to share information. The number of candidates dropped to 75...I thought: if each on them can deliver 3 loads on any of my holes I would be taking 225 loads, that's about a liter of sperm. Wow! It was thrilling, but would I be up to the challenge?. I could not answer but I concluded that as the whole thing, apart from the evident fun, it was a matter of experimenting and seeing what I/we were capable to achieve.

After some days of febrile reading and writing emails I had a fairly well organized document with all that I had to implement and get ready for on the great date still to be determined. If somebody imagined that organizing a gangbang is only lay on a bed and spread the legs he/she was terribly wrong!

The excitement had me masturbating several times per day as I imagined how would I perform and get pleasure in MY gangbang. 

I took my car and went to find a good place. I had selected a fistful of potentially good places and there I went to see them and decide.

I finally found a place that convinced me. It was a big house in a resort in a middle of a nice wood. It was far enough from the others to be discreet, a great salon, three rooms, kitchen, two bathrooms and a nice patio with a tiny pool. In front of it plenty of parking places. For a small supplement I had installed a big bed in the middle of the big salon. As soon as I knew the exact date I would book it for three days, one to prepare the other to do the think and the other to rest and recapitulate.

Then I got to the task of agreeing a date and a time suitable for the most of us and gathering and sending recent health certificates. It took me days of emails back and forth. So many people to agree upon something is not an easy task. I ended up with 55 guys committed to come in 20 days at 17:00, although I spaced them in groups, so the ones that wanted me already covered in cum and thoroughly used would arrive later, the same for the groups that wanted me for more elaborated practices.

I had to refrain from masturbating as much I would have liked, two reasons for that: I was starting to injure my clit and I wanted it in good shape for the gangbang and the other is that I wanted also all my sexual energy and drive for the great day. 

I booked the place for the encounter as well as the room services that we would need and the day before, with my legs shaking and fear in my heart I installed the equipment that we were going to need plus some cameras that would record all, I wanted to have that recorded!. My partners knew that I was going to record the action and some of them were going to use masks because of that. I have to admit that I was really nervous and reluctant perhaps because I knew that now it was almost impossible to stop the process.

So, the great day arrived! I moved early in the morning to the place to get well familiar to it and have plenty of time for everything. I made sure to give myself an enema to prevent accidents during my forecasted ass fuck.

About an hour prior to the arrival of the first batch I passed on a black thong, black bra, with semitransparent T shirt and tight pink mini shorts, stiletto heels, generous and glamorous make up. I sat down shaking like a leaf in the wind, waiting.

I really thought that my nervousness could ruin the whole thing but, unexpectedly, when the doorbell rang I stood up and my sexual desire facing what it was coming washed out all signs of nerves. I felt like if I had been doing that every day, went to the door and opened it with my best inviting smile.

Soon I was surrounded by ten men, one of them was Paul, my friend, he was going to help in receiving the guys, the room services and keep a certain degree of organization and, I hoped, fucking me from time to time.

I cleared my throat and said: Hello guys, my name is Dora, welcome and thank you for coming. We are all here for fun and to fulfill some of our sexual fantasies. From my side I will be all for you I'll do my best to pleasure you and to fulfill the practices that you want to ask me publically or privately, of course I will serve you with all my body as many times as you want and, unless you have questions here I am... and I started pulling up my T shirt. I stayed some seconds staring at the eyes of the men in front of me while my T shirt was hanging very sexy from my forefinger..., nobody moved and we all looked at each other in silence for a while, I felt a couple of hands undoing my bra, pushing it forward to my elbows and cupping my small tits. Other hands undone my mini shorts and lowered them, somebody took my ankles to lift my legs out of them. My thong followed it and I was only allowed my heels.

Four pairs of strong hands grabbed me and flew me to the bed in the middle of the salon and in no time I had a tongue working my pussy deliciously a cock brushing my lips asking permission to enter my mouth and two other guys were guiding my hands to their balls and their shafts. The other six were getting naked around us and my friend was standing near the door watching for new comers and peeping from time to time.

I felt in heaven, I had my first orgasm on its way smoothly and I slowly opened my mouth to receive a rigid cock into it as I established eye contact with the owner. I asked for a pillow down my neck and started to suck and lick it eagerly.

In some minutes, thanks to the guy licking my pussy and my clit I climbed to my first orgasm and I kept in a state of excitement close to the orgasm that was not going to abandon me for the rest of the party. A state from which I rocketed from and orgasm to the following very easily as all my holes and body were treated.

After my very first orgasm of the session the guy in my pussy switched positions with the one in my mouth. My first cock commandingly entered my pussy to the very end and started deliciously to work it. One of the guys in my hands blew his load on my tits, the guy in my mouth pulled out to my lips and asked me to stick out my tongue, he jerked himself off and shot his load onto my concave tongue. I tasted it thoroughly and swallowed it entirely. Tasty!. 

Then another cock asked to be sucked and as I did I concentrated in the feelings in my pussy that were sending me to another orgasm peak, which happened seconds later as he flooded for the first time the depths of my pussy with a great load that he pumped several times while keeping his cock balls deep in me. In a nice sequence I received another load in the back of my mouth, just to taste the fruity flavor and leave it go down through my throat. I licked it clean in its way out.

I was lifted and impaled ridding a big and hard cock, I got pushed firmly forward towards another cock to suck and I received another lubricated good one in my ass all the way. That made me spasm in pleasure and I had to cover my teeth with my lips to avoid badly biting the cock in my mouth. As I was getting double fucked the cock in my mouth exploded and before I had completely swallowed I got three other quickly ejaculating in my mouth that overflowed and let the precious liquid get wasted through my skin and on the hair of the guy fucking my pussy. I did my best to contain the spill but couldn´t do much, moreover when a fourth cock made his way in my mouth and came.

The guys fucking me worked in team and flooded my insides almost simultaneously they still stayed only some more seconds inside me when some strong hands lifted me and impaled me by my ass on a guy that had lied beside, then another straddled the guy in my ass, spread my legs and rammed my cunt furiously. It looks that they were extremely hot from the spectacle because they didn't last long and I got two more loads in me. This time I had another guy lying on my left to impale my pussy and another guy ready for my ass. My mouth had been vacant for a while and received alternatively two more cocks that again overflowed my mouth and got cum running to the guy below.

Needless to say that in all these processes I orgasmed several times in different ways and a couple of times I almost lost conscience, I managed to keep it because my vision, surrounded by guys was fantastic. The lust in their faces, their pricks in several degrees of hardness and their eyes locked in the action around me added to my pleasure and thrill.

The second batch of guys was starting to show up lead by Paul one of them made me an agreed sign and I nodded to him, I took out the dick in my mouth and said with my lips "one more" I put the cock back on my tongue and received another torrent of sperm on it.

The men inside me gave me another quivering orgasm while they emptied their balls in my insides, while they shouted out their pleasure loudly.

I had another couple of guys beside to fuck me again, this time pussy up, ass down. I got rapidly double penetrated again, this time the guy fucking my pussy alternated to kiss me with the guy sticking his dick into my mouth and when I received the load he asked me to share with him, which I did and we exchanged the load from mouth to mouth while kissing swallowing later half me half him like good friends while he shot his load into my pussy joining the ones already there.

The guy in my ass pumped his load deep in my intestine and I could see that that first batch was almost completely spent, most of them were preparing to leave. Proudly I called Bob, the guy that made me a sign before. He approached and I asked him: How would you like me? I must have no less than six or seven loads in each. He asked me to straddle his face and just allow him to fulfill his fantasy. So I did as asked and looking at the recently arrived guys I said. Welcome guys! Please join the party!, I know what you are specifically looking for and I'll be all for you as I finish with Bob, pointed down to my pussy, but in the meanwhile I have a willing mouth and two hands for you to enjoy should you like to.

I didn't have to insist and I had four guys stepping on the bed and caressing me, kissing me and using my hands on their crotches. Suddenly they had to grab me by my elbows before I fell out of the bed, this due to Bob hitting the right spots down me. He gave me a sort of paralyzing orgasm that loosen all my muscles. The guys surrounding me understood and held me like a doll. When I recovered, panting from my marvelous orgasm, I managed to look at Bob, face covered in moistures breathing only through a single nostril. I thought that he should be handling a lot of fluids, product of my previous fucks, that, due to my upright position couldn't help but running straight to his mouth. He looked happy and I couldn't see him anymore because somebody pulled my hair back and I got a mouthful of cumming cock deep in my mouth. I was surprised but managed to swallow all of it looking at the eyes of the owner while I started to fade into another overwhelming orgasm made by Bob. 

Bob eventually retired and couldn't talk to him because many strong hands positioned me as they required for the use they wanted from my body. A quick hand that I however runned through my crotch told me that he had licked me completely clean both ass and pussy.

No time for reflections. I got laid on my back with my head hanging out of the bed, a pillow below my hips. Two guys penetrated me almost simultaneously. They wanted to fuck me mercilessly in my pussy and my throat. And they sure did. I had never been fucked in my throat that way and it was amazing how deep the cock would go into my throat, only limited by the balls that sometimes would try also to enter my mouth but most of the times would slap my nose and my eyes. Depending on the length of the shaft I got loads of cum directly in my unprepared throat. I would bet that they hadn't emptied their balls for a long time before coming to the party because the loads where huge!. In at least three occasions I did not synchronize my swallowing with the movements of the shooting cock and I got sperm through my nostrils. That was about to drown me but I managed to sneeze, grab a paper towel from the side table blow my nose and get into position again because I was enjoying being used that way apart from the fact that the guys working my cunt were delivering regularly peak orgasms to me. I was used at least fifteen times that way and would have taken more but that batch, one of more mature men, was spent almost completely. Bob, my greedy cum eater approached me and I thought he was going to ask me to lick me clean but instead pushed me down again for the last guy to fuck my throat and Bob himself penetrated me and didn't take long to socialize his load in my inundated pussy. He stayed beside me playing with my tits until I finished the guy in my throat, smiled at me, I nodded and I thought he wanted the same position than before but no, he preferred to pull me to the edge of the bed, with my hips hanging slightly. I felt the cum bottled inside me making its way through my labia as I felt his tongue taking care of it.
