 This is one story I thought I'd never tell, mainly because it's a true one. My husband, Donny should probably be the one to tell it, since he's the one who writes and reads this kind of smut. Nevertheless, he talked me into sharing this one from the perspective of a mature woman. 

DISCLAIMER: Since I don't normally read (never mind write) this kind of stuff, please excuse my lack of visual imagery that might be typical of this genre. I told Donny he could only publish this under HIS login name, since I don't want the reputation as a smut peddler. However, there is a part of me that hopes you enjoy it. --Barb

* * * * *

One particular evening, some five years ago, Donny and I had an open house party. Eight or ten invited couples showed up and a good time was had by all. Beside the couples that showed up, there was two people flying solo. My niece, Teri, and her brother-in-law, Darrin showed up without dates. The hour grew late and all the couples made their way home, except for Teri and Darrin, who were still having a good time. Since neither of them were married, they had no prior commitments, babysitters, etc. to deal with.

Teri and Darrin had always shared a classic, paternal relationship. Both of their parents were divorced and they became related by law, when her mother married his father. With only two years difference in their ages, they had much in common. At that time, Teri was 25 and Darrin was 23 -just babies, compared to Donny and myself, in our mid-40's.

Even with the 20-year difference in our ages, Teri and I have been very close throughout the years. We are both what people might call 'closet extroverts'. After a few drinks, we get rather flirty. Our appearances are also similar. So much so, that we are often mistaken for sisters. Without getting into measurements, let's just say we're two, buxom blondes.

Darrin, on the other hand is an introvert. He's quite handsome, with dark features. Polite, but very withdrawn. He has had limited success with women. It seems he would always choose the tall, flat-chested, model types, that usually end up dominating him. I did enjoy his company, and after a few drinks, he was the perfect sort of guy to flirt with.

All four of us had our fair share of drinks, and were getting our second wind, when Teri suggested we play cards. She had learned a few drinking-type card games in college and thought we might have fun playing them. Donny broke out a quart of tequila and we played a few hands. The shots flowed freely for about an hour and I was feeling no pain. When we started losing track of who won or lost a couple of hands, Teri suggested we just play poker. Now I'm no great poker player, but it WAS easier to keep score.

We decided to keep it a friendly game, so we divided the poker chips equally, with no real money involved. After all, we were quite drunk by then, and just focusing on the cards was hard enough. We must have been playing for an hour or so, when things got interesting. 

Teri and I were getting rather giddy. We bet most of our chips on some real loser hands. We were each down to a couple of chips, when Teri asked, "Now what do we bet with?"

I saw Donny look up, smile and wink at Darrin.

"We'll just use some of their chips," I said, looking at Darrin and Donny's sizable piles.

"I don't THINK so!" Said Darrin

"Yeah Babe, we won these fair and square. If you girls run out of chips, I guess you're done," Donny added.

"Hey, I finally got a hand that's worth something and I'm gonna bet it!" I exclaimed, and smiled at Teri.

"So much for bluffing, Teri continued, Well, maybe we can barter for some chips?"

"Yeah, Donny, how much is this blouse worth?" I asked.

"YOUR BLOUSE! Hey, I thought this was a friendly game," said Donny, surprised.

"I'll give you 20 chips for it," Darrin said, meekly.

"That a boy, Darrin!" I laughed.

Snubbing my nose at Donny, I stood up and unbuttoned my blouse. Part of me knew this was risky, but when I saw Teri nodding in approval, I finished stripping it off. Darrin counted out 20 chips and put them in front of me. I leaned over to give him a good look at my boobs and dropped my satin blouse in his lap. His eyes instantaneously glued to my bra-covered chest, as I sat down. I wondered then if he'd ever seen a woman with big hooters before. I dumped my new chips into the pile, turned to him and smiled.

"OK, I up the bet to 20, and I call," I said, emphatically.

I felt pretty confident with my 3-of-a-kind, until Darrin showed a full house.

"Why you little scoundrel! Darrin, if I didn't know better, I'd think you just wanted to see my tits."

Darrin's face turned red, as he finally stopped staring at me. I did get a charge from his attentive looks. I figured if I wasn't worth a dam at poker, at least I could flirt. The three of them were caught up in the game, and soon I was relaxed, in my current state of undress. I got crappy cards the next few hands and folded. Teri, on the other hand seemed to have been dealt a good one. Since I had folded, she asked my opinion. I got up and strutted around the table, with the men watching my every jiggle. I leaned over Teri's shoulder to see her cards. In doing so, my melons brushed against her arm. She eyed me, and asked what I thought.

"These guys are loving this, aren't they?" I whispered.

She looked down at my boob against her, glanced at the guys and nodded. We continued to act like we were discussing her cards. I kept brushing my tit against her bare arm, while we giggled at their heated expressions.

"Well Barb, if you think its that good of a hand, guess I'll need some more chips," she said.

"I'll give you 20 for that blouse!" Donny said, excitedly.

"Sounds like a deal to me," I said, winking at Teri.

She stood up and took off her blouse. She mimicked me and dropped it into Donny's lap. Donny was noticeably turned on, as he gazed at Teri's huge rack. I have to admit, her young, 38 double d-cupped cleavage was quite attractive. At 45, my 36DD's were beginning to sag a little. I couldn't imagine there being any sag to hers. Her poker hand was only two-pair, so I think she just wanted to join in my little flirting game. She lost to 3-of-a-kind, but didn't seem to be too upset.

Since the men had all the chips, we had to continue to trade our clothes for chips. Needless to say, there was no way we were going to even try and win. This was MUCH more fun anyway. Within a half hour Teri and I were both down to panties and bras. Donny seemed quite amazed how uninhibited I was in front of Darrin, but I felt a bit intimidated. Every time Teri stripped something off, another section of her well-toned, young body was revealed. To say the guys were hot and bothered would be an understatement. Their hands began to disappear under the table with more regularity. I felt my own juices starting to flow too. Since Teri and I were out of chips (and most of our clothes), I suggested that we just watch the guys play. She agreed. I mentioned that since we weren't playing, we ought to be able to see their cards. When the men said that was OK, I got up immediately and stood behind Darrin's chair. I motioned for Teri to do the same to Donny. 

I pretended to look down at Darrin's cards, when actually I was trying to get a peek at his lap. In my flirty mood, I decided to up the ante. I came from behind him and stood next to his side. I squatted down so I was almost eye-to-eye with him. As he looked down at my chest, I slowly ran my hand up his pants leg and gripped his upper thigh.

"So is it hard to play poker?" I asked, watching a bead of sweat roll down his cheek.

"Well, it certainly is hard tonight," he answered, sheepishly.

He flinched when I inched my fingers further up his thigh.

"Does it get harder, seeing your sister-in-law's luscious body over there?"

"She does have a nice bod, but..."

"But, what?" I whispered.

"But, I like the way YOURS moves."

I felt a flash of lightning jolt through me, when he said that. The damp spot in my crotch grew and I moved my hand up to his penis. God, he was hard as a rock and rather large. I grabbed tight and whispered again.

"That's so nice to know. Darrin, you're such a gentleman!"

"Hey Darrin, you gonna play cards or not?" Shouted Donny, from the other end of the table.

"Teri, I think Donny needs some help with his hand too. Why don't you see if he's good to open -Jacks or better, you know?"

Hoping Teri would take the hint; I turned back and batted my eyes at Darrin.

"Now, where were we, Sweetheart?" I asked, keeping a firm grip on his manhood.

"I was just wondering how much of a gentleman I was right now," he smiled.

"Well. let's just find out."

I unzipped his fly.

"Do YOU have Jacks or better?"

I reached inside his pants and was shocked to find that he wasn't wearing underwear. His dick sprang out and almost bumped against the tabletop. It had been years, (no, decades) since I'd held another man's dick. I must say it was erotic to hold such a sizeable thing. I glanced down at the other end of the table, to make sure we hadn't aroused undo suspicion. I had nothing to worry about. Teri was crouching next to Donny, similar to my position. I saw Donny reach over and dip his finger into Teri's cleavage, as he continued sweet-talking her. Donny loves big tits, and if Teri was letting her uncle play with hers, I knew he'd be busy for some time.

Darrin's hard penis throbbed in my hand and I started to pump it,

"You really have incredible tits, Barb," he whispered.

"These big 'ole things? I can't imagine any young stud ever being interested in these," I said, coyly reaching around my back to undo the bra clasp.

Still slowly pumping his dick, I undid my bra and let it fall. His eyes got as big as silver dollars.

"Well, this young stud is interested. They are beautiful. I had no idea!"

I reveled in his admiration, and pumped him faster. Teri must have observed my bare boobs. I looked over and saw she to had followed suit and dropped her bra. I briefly eyed her perfect jugs. They were, as I had guessed, without any noticeable sag, which is really saying something, considering their enormous size. Donny was in "hay heaven".

"I don't know how you can say such nice things about my tits, when you haven't even tasted them, Darrin?"

Not waiting for an answer, I let go of his tool, stood up and cupped my boobs for him to taste. He looked over at Donny and Teri and then up at me. His eyes closed and his tongue darted out to lick my nipple. He teased each nipple, until they were hard. The more he licked and sucked, it sent sparks to my hot pussy. I wanted him to rub my pussy, so bad I humped his shoulder. The erotic scene of him feasting on my tits and watching my husband doing the same to my niece was overwhelming. I had the most glorious orgasm. This was all supposed to be innocent flirting, but my wet panties and his hard dick were telling me something different. Teri and I had crossed the line from being flirts to being sluts. The tequila was having its way with me, and I loved it. His shoulder was so soaked with my juices, I was afraid I had ruined his shirt. 

"Teri, I think these two have gone long enough with all these clothes on. What do you think?"

"I agree Barb -way too long," she said, trying to catch her breath.

I knew then that Teri was into playing "follow the leader", and I was the leader. I went behind Darrin's chair and unbuttoned his shirt. Teri dutifully did the same to Donny. Needing an excuse to clean Darrin's shirt, I took Donny's shirt from Teri. 

"Just look how sweaty you boys are -think I'd better throw these in the wash."

"I'll help you," Teri chimed in.

We both trotted off to the washroom, leaving the guys with the lovely sight of our swaying tits and jiggling asses.

"God Barb, what are we doing?"

"Just having some fun. Doing the laundry. The usual things, you know?"

"Hey fun is FUN Barb, but this? God, your husband -my UNCLE... I mean, he's got this huge hardon.

"I know. Ain't it fun?"

"Well just how far is this going? As drunk as I am, I might not be able to stop," Teri said.

"It will only go as far as WE let it. Just keep following my lead. Nothing will get out of hand. Hell, you'd think we were gonna let them screw us, or something! We're just playing with them!" I said, laughing.

"OK then, but you can't say I didn't warn you!" Teri stated.

I was soon to discover the seriousness of her warning.