 I started the washer and we staggered back to the front room. The shirtless duo sat there grinning from ear to ear, as we entered. They had ditched the table and chairs, and were sitting in the middle of the floor.

Donny had stripped down to his shorts and Darrin had wrapped a towel around his privates,

"Hey what'd you guys do with the cards?" Teri asked.

"We decided to play an easier game -one we ALL can play. We call it Spin the Tequila (bottle)," said Donny.

"Ooh, sounds like fun!" I said, motioning Teri to join me on the floor.

"We'll play it the old fashioned way, with a few exceptions," said Donny.

"...and those exceptions are?" I asked.

"It's still pretty much a kissing game, but if you decide NOT to kiss someone, you have to take a swig of tequila."

Teri looked perplexed, but I convinced her it would be fun. Once again, I naively concluded that this too would be no more than innocent flirting. Donny

spun the bottle first and it landed on me. We both leaned in and kissed. He slipped me a little tongue and felt up my naked boob.

"Hey, you didn't say touching was allowed!" I said, pulling away.

"Touching with one hand only, how's that?" Asked Donny.

"OK, but what if your spin lands on the same person on the next spin? Isn't there some silly rule about that?" Asked Teri.

"Well we could say, on the second spin you can use both hands," I suggested.

"Then, if it happens three times in a row?" Asked Darrin.

"Let's say three times, you can kiss them anywhere on their body." I said, grinning at Darrin, and sticking my boobs out.

I reckoned the odds of that happening were astronomical, so I felt pretty safe that would never occur. We all agreed to the amended rules and it was my turn to spin. I gave the bottle a good twist and it landed on Teri. The guys hooted, daring us to kiss. I opted for a swig. Teri's turn was next. Her spin landed on Darrin. Donny and I oohed and aahed, as the brother and sister-in-law kissed with one big smack. Darrin shyly took his turn. The bottle ended up on Teri for a second time. Donny astutely reminded them of the two hands rule. Red-faced Darrin leaned in and kissed Teri, putting his hands on her naked shoulders. She, in turn, placed her hands on his arms. This time Darrin seemed to savor the kiss and opened his mouth. Teri's eyes opened in surprise for a split second. Her mouth opened to his and she French-kissed him. I got wet again watching them hold the kis,s and even wetter when Darrin brought his hands down to Teri's huge tits. She moaned into his mouth, as he massaged them over and over. I looked down and saw his towel had unhooked, due to the pressure of his hardon. Suddenly, I was jealous.

"OK, OK, NEXT!" I stated and separated them.

Teri regained herself and spun the bottle. It landed on Donny. She leaned over and French-kissed Donny right away. He tried his best to grab her boob, but it was too big. The best he could do was massaged it, like Darrin had done. She was truly turned on and was nearly out of breath, when Donny released her. Donny's spin was next and he drew Darrin. They both laughed and Donny opened the jug and took a big swig. I was really starting to feel left out, when Darrin's spin landed on me. Finally, some action, I thought. He leaned over and kissed me. Our mouths automatically opened and he thrust his tongue in my mouth. I sucked on it and moved my hand to his towel covered legs. He put his hand on my breast and teased my hard nipple. The longer we kissed, the more towel I tugged at. I thought I would swallow his tongue, when he moved his hand to my panties. I felt I would explode if he touched my pussy, so I pulled away.

"God, that was hot!" Said Teri, withdrawing her hand from her thong.

I think we were all on fire by then, and it was my spin. I tried like hell to wish it to land on Darrin again, but it landed on Teri. There's no way I needed another drink, so I took the other option. In no way am I into the girl-girl thing, and I was sure Teri wasn't either. But if I took another drink, I knew I'd throw up. The three of them realized the shape I was in and sympathized.

"Oh just give her a little peck, Barb," prompted Darrin.

"Come on Teri. Let's get this over with," I sighed.

I puckered my lips, squeezed my eyes shut and leaned over to take my medicine. I figured Teri would do the same, and we could get this over quick. I figured wrong. Expecting to touch my puckered lips to hers, I felt soft, wet lips touch mine. She slid her hand behind my head and drew me to her, when I tried to pull away. My eyes and mouth opened in surprise, as she tilted her head and French-kissed me. The tenderness of her kiss and the tequila sent my head spinning. When I closed my eyes again, her hand released its hold and I felt her soft touch on my breast.

"That's enough of THAT," I said, and quickly pulled away.

These were most definitely feelings I had never anticipated. As the tender softness of her lingered in my senses, I looked over and she acted like she had just sneaked a taste of the forbidden fruit. She smiled, starred me straight in the eyes and mouthed the words, "I warned you". Shaking those feelings from my head, I looked to the men for relief. Darrin's towel looked like a tent with an awfully large pole. I raised my eyes to his. He licked his lips and smiled.

"Wow Barb, you two are REALLY hot!" He smirked.

I must have blushed, but soon realized that this lesbian thing must be turning him on too. Donny, I know, was loving it. He had pulled his penis out and was playing with it. Teri took her turn at the bottle. When her spin landed on me, my heart sank. I knew the drinking part of the game was over, by the look in her eyes. She crawled over to me, so fast I had no time to think. She lifted my chin and planted a full, wet kiss on my lips. Able now to use both hands, one of her hands caressed my boob. With her other hand she took hold of my hand and placed it on her massive jug. It felt so soft and firm at the same time. Moving my fingers over her hard nipples, she moaned in my mouth. 

"I warned you. I warned you. I warned you," she kept repeating, as her wet tongue darted in and out of my mouth. Her hand left mine, as I continued to massage her breast. Her tender touches and kisses were turning into unfamiliar emotions I wasn't prepared for, and I started to pull away. Our lips were parting, when I felt her hand on my panties. Her hand reached inside and I felt her soft fingers parting the lips of my vagina. At that moment I think I lost whatever self-control I might have had. Her sweet, slippery fingers found my clitoris, and I climaxed instantly. Watching my orgasm must have sent her over the edge too. Slowly regaining reality, I watched, as she inserted her own fingers in her pussy. The blonde beauty closed her eyes and threw her head back. With her huge tits jutting out like mountains, she brought herself to orgasm. The men's response was to be expected. Donny was kneeling next to Teri, jacking his meat like crazy. Darrin had dropped his towel, and was stroking his tool. And, what a tool it WAS! With full erection, it must have been 10 inches long and quite thick.

My thoughts of Teri's softness turned to thoughts of Darrin's hardness. The more I observed his masturbation technique, the more jealous I became. He was so enthralled at the sight of his sister's passion, he didn't notice as I edged my body next to his. He briefly looked down, as I replaced his hand with mine. I took over his stroking duties, while he watched Teri.

"Isn't she something?" I whispered.

"Yeah, but not as hot you and both of you together," he said, without changing his gaze.

I gripped him hard and pumped his dick faster, until I felt wetness on my finger. I licked the clear juice from my fingers, and he kissed me. I stuck my tongue in his mouth and he sucked the juice from it. I was caught up in the erotic kiss, and hadn't noticed Teri had finished her climax. She pulled us apart and reminded me that it was my turn to spin the bottle. 

Now, the last thing on my mind was playing games or spinning bottles. Staring into Darrin's youthful eyes, I nonchalantly spun the bottle. I didn't even look at the outcome. Then, I heard Donny.

"Oh my God. Three times in a row! What are the odds?"

My eyes were glued on Darrin's, when his words broke my spell.

"Barb, its Teri again. Barb...BARB!" He yelled and shook me.

"You got Teri, three times in a row. Can you believe it? You can kiss her anywhere you want. Wow, this will be SO HOT!"

His youthful excitement was contagious. Soon the air was filled with anticipation. I knew if I were to get anywhere with Darrin, I'd have to give him a good show. I redirected my attention to Teri, who was almost totally out of it, by now. She was swaying so much I had her lay down. I leaned over her face-to-face and whispered.

"Teri, I have to kiss you again. Just bear with me, Honey. This is just for show, you know."

"I warned you Barbie. Told you I couldn't stop. Do I get to fuck Donny now? Or do I get Darrin? Hell, I'll take 'em both. Hell with that, I'll just fuck all three of ya!"

Truly, Teri was out of it. She wouldn't remember any of this in the morning. Hell, I probably won't either. I gazed down her glorious body, smiled up at Darrin, and leaned over to kiss her boobs. Instinctively, her hand came down on my head and forced my mouth to her chest. She smashed her tit into my mouth, as I sucked in her nipple. The men stood over us, hooting and stroking their hard dicks. I switched from licking one boob to the other, until her hard, wet nipples gleamed with my saliva. I slowly kissed her abdomen and ran my tongue under the top of her thong. The guys whistled loudly, as I pulled her thong down to expose her privates. I smelled the sweet aroma of her pussy, as I ran my fingers gently over her mound. I probed her lips with two fingers, and she let out a low moan. Running my fingers deeper into her pussy, she started raising her hips. I was massaging her clitoris, when I felt my panties being pulled down. Turning my head to see the perpetrator, I knew it was Darrin.

"Hey, what's going on here?" I asked.

"Just want to get a better view," said Darrin, smiling.

"OK, but that's as far as it goes, RIGHT?" I demanded.

"Whatever you say," answered the young stud.

Realizing my pussy was now on display, I decided to show it off and tease him a little. With my right hand still masturbating Teri, I ran my left hand up the inside of my thigh. Inserting two fingers inside my drenched pussy, I started moaning like a cheap whore. Teri, taking my cue, moaned even louder. I answered her back with another. My moans were a put-on, to hold Darrin's attention. Her moans were for real. She began thrusting her pelvis higher and harder against my hand. The men stopped their hooting and Donny moved to stand directly over her face. Teri looked up at him stroking his dick and pulled on his leg, until he fell to his knees. Now his erection was merely inches from her face, as he pumped his meat harder and faster. Her eyes opened wide. As her hips gyrated against my fingers, she took hold of Donny's penis and sucked it in her mouth. The surreal sight of my niece sucking off my husband, at first seemed so natural and beautiful. Then it dawned on me that things were getting out of hand. This had gone beyond the innocent flirting I was used to. This was eroticism I had never dealt with and I was starting to feel afraid.

I pulled my hand away from Teri and started to stand up. That's when a strong hand held my shoulder down. Kneeling, I turned to face Darrin's huge dick. Before I could object, he forced it into my mouth. I had gone too far with my flirting this time. Seeing Teri sucking Donny's dick, from the corner of my eye, I resigned myself to my fate. My mouth opened wide, my throat muscles relaxed and I took his cock down my throat. If I was going to do this thing, I endeavored to do it RIGHT. I manipulated Darrin's body, so that I had a clear view of Teri and Donny. Gripping the base of his huge manhood, I sucked it from stem to stern, over and over. Feeling the girth of his dick expanding, I pulled it out a little and pumped it, as I sucked. My face and his tool were soaked with my saliva, when he exploded into my mouth. A hot stream of sperm hit the back of my throat, and I almost gagged, trying to swallow it. A glance at Teri told me she was also taking in most of Donny's ejaculation. A good amount of his juice flowed from her lips and down her cheeks. Like the good whore I was pretending to be, I let Darrin's semen seep from my lips down to my boobs. I uttered the typical porno references to his huge cock and his copious amount of cum. He was satisfied. I could tell.

Patting the head of his flaccid member, I made my excuses, got up and made my way to the bathroom. I cleaned up and used the mouthwash, when my legs gave way. I grabbed hold of the sink and sat on the stool. My head was reeling. I tried desperately to focus on all that had happened in the past few hours. Though I didn't take any pride in losing my control, I must admit to being aroused like never before. I quickly took stock of myself, threw on a robe, brushed my mangled hair and went back to the front room.

"OK guys, so much for fun and games," I yelled, rounding the corner.

As I entered the room I stopped dead in my tracks. On the floor was naked Teri on all fours. Darrin lay on the floor with his legs spread. She was bent over tugging and sucking his cock, while Donny pumped his meat into her from behind.

"OH MY GOD!" I shouted. "Donny! What are you doing?"

No answer.

I stood there dumbfounded, listening to the moans, the sucking, and the slapping sounds of Teri's ass being pummeled by Donny's groin. After more of my fruitless pleas for reason were ignored, I retreated to the couch. I tried to shake the lurid sights from my head, but it was impossible. The more I watched and listened, the more my lustful nature took over. I no longer saw my husband, niece and nephew. Instead, I envisioned a vibrant, mature man, a female goddess and a potent, virile young man. They were in the throws of mutual ecstasy and drawing me in with each moan. I tore open my robe and started feeling up my tits and pussy. My body was on fire and my probing fingers only made me insatiable. The vulgar side of me took control.

Standing up, I dropped my robe and approached the sexy threesome. I stood next to Donny and watched as his cock rammed in and out of Teri's hot pussy. I took one of his hands and made him finger my pussy. While he continued to fuck her, I brought my tits to his mouth. I could tell from his grunts, he would soon be ready to explode.

"I want to suck her cunt juice from your throbbing cock," I demanded, softly.

Kneeling down, I took his dick from her pussy and licked off her cum, just as his slippery cock erupted all over my face. Jacking him hard to get every drop, I slapped it against my wet cheeks.

"That's it, you fucker. Cum on my slut face. Now give me more of her cum!"

Gripping the base of his cock, I thrust it back into her pussy. I whipped it out again and licked off her juices. The combination of their cum was delicious. My face was covered with their cum, when I dropped Donny's cock and grabbed Teri by her blonde hair. I whipped her head away from Darrin's dick, pulled her up to my face and gave her a big, slimy kiss.

"Lick it off, Bitch. Taste your cum and his. Take it all!" I commanded her.

She eagerly licked the globs of cum from my face and lips. She finished up her meal and we kissed deeply, pressing our bodies tightly together.

"That was very nice. Now I think you both deserve a treat." I smiled.

I instructed Teri to lie down. As she did, I got on all fours and straddled her in the traditional '69 position. I motioned for Darrin to take me from the rear. Teri wrapped her arms around my waist and raised her face to my hot pussy. She licked my pussy, as Darrin's big cock entered me.

"Oh God, YES! Fill me up, you young fucker! That's it, bitch. Eat my pussy! Give me more of that sweet cock!"

Darrin sunk his meat into me all the way, as Teri licked frantically at my clit. I lost track of reality, as a wave of emotions swept over me. Darrin began to pump his rigid cock in and out, shoving my entire body forward. My arms fell weak and I leaned over to rest my face on Teri's crotch. She spread her long legs and I buried my face in her bush. My two lovers brought me to orgasm after orgasm, as I ate away at her pussy. Darrin started to withdraw and I wouldn't have it.

"Put it back in, you fucker. Now fill me up with your cum. FUCK ME --FUCK ME!" 

I screamed as his hot cum shot deep into me. I felt it coat my vagina walls and leak from my cunt lips, and into Teri's mouth. My whole being shuddered, when she licked his cum from my pussy. Darrin's spent cock flopped out of my pussy and right into Teri's mouth. She milked another half-load from his semi-erect cock. Then she spit it into her hand and spread the white cream all over her massive tits. I licked the cum from her tits, until she was clean.

That was five years ago, but I remember it like it was yesterday. Later on that same year we got together again, but that's another story. Even now, if I have any contact with Teri or Darrin, the erotic side of my subconscious flashes sensual images to my brain, and I recall that special night of passion.