 It all started out as a perfectly ordinary Saturday night-and ended up as a perfectly wonderful one, one which may have changed my lifestyle forever. Even tho I was 20, I often baby-sat for neighbors to earn enough money to continue my studies at the local college. Ours is an average, middle class neighborhood and the people are nice, though I have to admit that until that night I never thought of any of the people I worked for as sexy.

I guess curiosity just got the best of me that evening and I ended up sampling a bit more than the Jameson’s than I’d expected. The Jameson’s that’s Dick and Kathy, a nice looking couple in their early thirties. I sit for their one year old, Jason. He’s a good baby, very quiet and well behaved, and that’s why I was so surprised that night when Dick came back that evening after being gone only a few hours. He said he just wanted to look in on Jason and see how he was, but I could sense that something was up.

Dick finally admitted that he and his wife, Kathy, had had a fight at the party they’d been to and that he had left her there. She was to spend the night with a girlfriend, he told me, and in the meantime, could he pay me to stick around for a few hours and take care of the baby? I’d be glad to, I said, and after I phoned my parents and told them the situation, they gave me permission to do whatever I had to do.

When I returned, Dick had made me a drink and the baby was sleeping. I could sense that he needed someone to talk to and so I instinctively gave him my shoulder to lean on, never thinking that for a minute that it would lead to sex. But before long, Dick apologized for blabbing away about his troubles and asked me about my boyfriends, asking me to tell him what I liked about the opposite sex. One thing lead to another and soon the feeling of closeness, we became enveloped in a warm embrace.

It wasn’t long before he led my hand to his zipper, I leaned in and removed his cock. Falling to my knees, I slowly wrapped my lips around it. I would have given anything to see the expression on his face then, but as it was, I had to take his throbbing erection as my sole evidence of how much he appreciated what I was doing with him. I closed my eyes to savor the taste and feel in my mouth, slowly running my tongue along the ridge of circumcision.

I could hear Dick’s sudden gasp on pleasure as my mouth closed around his cock. His hand dug into my head, pulling me closer as his hips thrust vigorously back and forth. I closed my eyes again, sucking hard and eagerly at his thick eight inches. I could feel the head of his prick slam the back of my throat with each powerful thrust and this excited me all the more. The feel of his hard, straining cock in my mouth awakened a savage hunger in me I’d rarely known before. but couldn’t wait to satisfy.

He was fucking my face with short, hard strokes by then, and I loved it and wanted more. I took him in as much as I could each time, but I wanted it all, imagining in my mind’s eye that it was my hot, wet cunt he was fucking.

His big prick slid in and out of me as the wet, slurping sounds filled our ears. Dick was breathing hard and pressing my face down so far my nose was against his pelvic bone. my tongue slid all around his cock, feeling each pulsing vein press my cheeks out. I couldn’t help frigging my clit, I was so excited by this forbidden enterprise!

Dick’s hands tightened in my hair, but I kept his prick deep in my mouth, eagerly awaiting the hot, jetting spurts of cum I could feel building up in his testicles. Then I felt the hot blasts, hot and wet and sticky. I sucked hard squeezing his sperm-filled balls and trying to draw out the last precious drops and savor the delicious taste.

To my complete surprise, I began coming myself just then, of all the guys I had sucked, no one had ever given me an orgasm before, at least not with out eating me as I blew him. My pussy contracted again and again, sending waves of pleasure throughout my body. I took my hand out of my pussy and held onto Dick’s prick for dear life, gasping for air through my nostrils as the final spurts of jism filled my throat as I gulped them down.

By the time I had composed myself enough to let Dick’s cock slip out of my grip, I was in for another surprise. I caught my breath, licked the last of the jism and opened my eyes. Standing in the doorway was Kathy, Dick’s wife! Dick saw her at the same time I did and his body tensed as I jumped back, ready for anything.

Not a word was spoken as Kathy came towards us. I was already on my feet, smoothing down my skirt and looking for a place to hide, when Kathy put her hands on my shoulders and looked deeply into my eyes. “This couldn’t be what I thought it was, could it?”, was my first thought as her hands touched my shoulders. one part of me felt sure the woman was going to strangle me then, while the other part felt a strange, unfamiliar tingling in my loins.

I tensed momentarily, then relaxed, as Kathy’s hands cupped and squeezed my breasts. I found myself kissing her, slowly and deeply, her tongue probing the depths of my mouth, and bringing the heat in our bodies to full flame. I knew Kathy could taste Dick’s sperm in my mouth and lips this got me hotter than ever as I probed her mouth with my tongue. We pressed in hard against each other, rubbing our cunts together right in front of her husband as our tongues intertwined. I could feel her hands unbuttoning my shirt as we kissed and soon her hands had a firm grip on my titties. She was pinching each nipple between her thumb and forefinger as we ground against each other. The focus of lust in my cunt grew unbearable.

Somehow or other the three of us managed to stumble and trip our way into the bedroom. Dick was part of it now, helping me take off my skirt as he assisted his wife in slipping out of her bra so I could touch her soft, full breasts. Kathy’s breasts are much bigger than mine, and I always envied her that, unconsciously. But now I couldn’t wait to wrap my lips against each nipple and suck them like her infant son.

With all three of us naked on the bed at last, Kathy spread her legs for me as I hovered above her. My gaze was drawn, like a magnet, to her soft, warm pussy and I reached out my hand hesitantly to touch it. Dick was behind me, his hands cupping my tits as he leaned over my shoulder.

“Kiss it, baby. Eat my cunt, “ I heard Kathy whisper and I was irresistibly drawn to it. Dick got around beside me and put his hand on the back of my head, gently pushing me down into Kathy’s clit. I was immediately rewarded with a gasp of pleasure from her as she lifted her hips and moved Dick’s hands out of the way so she could bury my face in her own beautiful pussy. I swept my tongue across her cunt lips, up and down, and pushed my tongue deep inside her as I hardened it into a stiff pink “V”. The taste of her sweet cunt juices and the musky smell of her sopping slit made me ready to be fucked and sucked.

I wriggled in to get closed to her as Kathy’s hands gripped my hair and held me firmly in place. My haunches were high in the air as I twisted my neck and shoulders to get my tongue in deep. Anything to give her pleasure in this, my very first time with another woman. Kathy’s moans and screams of pleasure were enthusiastic, telling me how well I was doing each time I touched her clit. The only time her hands left my hair was to spread her luscious pink cunt lips wider.

Dick had grown hard and stiff again just from watching all the action. He got back around me, kneeling in much the same way that I knelt between his wife’s musky thighs, and began playing with my pussy, checking it for wetness and occasionally spreading it downwards with his hands. At the same time I could feel him taking his blood engorged cock into his hand and testing my asshole and cunt. Dick finally licked two fingers and pressed them up my exposed anus as he bent down and inserted two more up my sopping cunt. I pleaded with him to lick my clit which Dick did with mindless abandon this and the incessant pounding of his fingers up my cunt and asshole brought me off to my second orgasm and I flooded Dick’s face with my cunt juice.

Moving to a kneeling position Dick poised his stiff cock for the attack. He would stick just the tip in my pussy and sweep gobs of love juice up into my anus. Then he would try me there, prodding against the tight, puckered opening with insistent force. Finally I could stand it no longer the next time he put his prick in my pussy, I lifted my head and pressed back into him, so hard that his thick cock was imbedded to the hilt in my throbbing pussy.

Kathy screamed, “Oh, god, don’t stop! Don’t stop eating my pussy!”, and reached up frantically to bring my head back down. But she didn’t have to worry. I had no intention of stopping eating her. Dick began pounding my pussy with his engorged cock, grabbing mounds of flesh at my hips as he straightened his back and thrust into my tight twat with merciless intensity.

Kathy was beside herself by then as the tension and anticipation of climax mounted within us. She was squirming about on the bed so frenzied that I could hardly keep her still long enough to find her sweet pussy and eat it some more. But when I did find it, her shuddering climax seemed to trigger my own and I shot over the edge with a rush. My pussy tightened convulsively around her husbands thrusting cock and I felt it leap inside me, spraying my insides with sperm.

Kathy moaned mindlessly, flailing her arms on the bed as her husband poured his creamy load in my cunt and she came flooding my mouth and face with her sweet orgasmic juices. As for me, the orgasm I had experienced while blowing Dick was heighten tenfold. The three of us came almost simultaneously, a mind-warping, bone jarring explosion that left us weary and exhausted. Dick slowly slid out of my cunt and the three of us nestled in a panting heap of arms and legs on the bedspread.

Kathy wanted to return my favors and I could tell Dick still wanted to fuck my asshole so after a bit of rest I suggested we try one more tryst. I got back up on all fours and asked Kathy to crawl under me and eat my pussy. Kathy was under me in a flash licking my clit and sucking the remnants of her husbands sperm from my pussy. Kathy was just the right height and her sweet cunt was just below my mouth enabling me to lick and suck her fragrant twat as she ate me. In order to ready my anus for the onslaught of Dick’s big cock I told Kathy to finger fuck my asshole while she ate me which she did with long probing strokes.

I could see Dick had become aroused again as his cock was standing straight out as he rubbed the blood engorged head. Before I let him fuck my tight backdoor I wanted to see him probe his wifes cunt and anus while I licked her and she ate me. I pulled Kathy’s legs up under my arms exposing her swollen cunt lips and pink puckered anus licking both of her exposed holes as I motioned Dick to come around. I told Dick I would let him fuck me in the ass only after he had rammed his wifes cunt and asshole while I watched. Dick needed no encouragement as he moved into position I grabbed his stiff cock and spread Kathy’s cunt lips placing Dicks throbbing meat at the entrance to her pussy. Kathy sensing what was happening began to protest but I smothered her discontent by forcing my cunt harder against her mouth as Dick rammed his cock balls deep into her waiting snatch. I began to lick Kathy’s clit as Dick pounded his rampaging cock up his wifes pussy. Kathy soon sucame to our cunt pleasing routine and had a violent climax forcing her tongue deep up my cunt and her fingers way up my asshole. This forced me to climax and I flooded Kathy’s mouth with my juice as I licked and sucked her juice from Dick’s cock and her pussy.

Dick was still hard and I pulled Kathy’s legs further up bringing her pink puckered anus in range spreading her taught ass cheeks and opening her asshole. Strangely Kathy did not protest this new move and even relaxed her sphincter muscles as I inserted my finger up her pulsing ass. I grabbed Dick’s thick cock and placed the head into her stretched anus, Dick took over and slowly pressed his cock deep into his wifes twitching rectum. I rammed two fingers up her sopping slit and licked her clit as I watched Dick ream his cock in and out of his wifes asshole. Kathy pushed another finger up my ass and renewed her onslaught on my cunt lashing her tongue against my stiff clit. Dicks pounding in her ass and my licking and reaming Kathy’s cunt soon brought her off again. Kathy clamped down so hard that Dick was forced to pump his load up her tight anus but I calmed him down by licking his sperm from her tight butt and sucking him to hardness again.

Dick moved quickly to fuck my ass, I could sense his lust as he grabbed my ass cheeks spreading them further as he watched his wife Kathy eat my cunt and ram her fingers up my ass. Pulling his wife’s probing fingers from my ass Dick placed his raging cock at the entrance to my ass. Kathy grabbed his cock and moved it to my cunt telling Dick she wanted to see the same show I had. Dick proceeded to ream my swollen cunt as his wife licked my clit until I had a powerful climax. Kathy grabbed his cock and positioned it at my virgin asshole and spread my ass as Dick rammed his entire length up my pulsing anus. As Dick reamed my ass Kathy rammed two fingers up my sopping cunt and licked and sucked my clit. I had two more orgasms before Dick pumped his last load of sperm up my asshole and collapsed on the bed next to Kathy and I watching her lick and suck his cum from my anus as I fingered her cunt an asshole in our 69 position for the next 15 minutes.

Not that any of us had had the opportunity to think about the night before, but Kathy explained later that she had been enjoying lesbian interludes with some of her friends for some time and it had been putting a strain on their marriage. Now that the three of us were established as a threesome, and she could share me with Dick, she felt much happier and more secure about her marriage. As you’ve probably guessed, the three of us continued to see each other quite a bit in the months and weeks to come.

Since then, I have eagerly pursued threesome activity whenever I baby-sit. Strangely I would feel guilty having sex with only one of the marital partners. These days I’m frequently hired to baby-sit for couples who never go out at all! We simply ‘stay in’ each other’s cunt’s and mouths and genitals. With these sex sessions as an alternative, who wants to go to the movies?