 This was all so new to Melissa, she held my hand in a vice like grip and kept looking at me as we took the short stroll to Jenny's house. She had always been Bi curious and kept it to herself for the longest time until recently. We sat discussing sex one day and what we both liked, seems Melissa had always been mildly interested in what it would be like to make love to another woman, or at the very most a woman and a guy together. She nearly died when I told her that Jenny was a Bi woman and also a very close friend of mine. 

"I'm not sure about this" she said to me, "the closer I get the more nervous I am!" I looked at her and smiled in my best 'things will be fine' kind of smile. She just smiled back and we kept walking towards her first sexual encounter with a female.

We approached the little white gate at number 60 Aldrin Drive unlatched it and walked up a path flanked with nicely trimmed hedges that stopped at the porch. I took Melissa's hand and had to nearly lift her up onto the landing so I could ring the doorbell. I didn't know how she was feeling, but the amount of nervous anticipation was building in me as I stood there and pressed the doorbell. Almost as if she was waiting behind the door, it opened a few seconds later and Jenny stood there framed by the doorway, she looked damn sexy in a pair of tight jeans and a low cut blouse that showed her ample cleavage. She had a nice set of tits, and an ass that just begged to be squeezed. I could feel my cock slowly start to stir and realised I couldn't wait to get inside. 

"Hey! Hi guys, come on in" she said in her cheerful sexy voice. I stepped through the door and hugged her tight and kissed her on the cheek. She smelled so damn good I could have fucked her right there in the hall. I walked past and Melissa walked through, Jenny went to her and hugged her tight also, pausing to run her hands up and down her back a couple of time, almost as if she was getting Melissa used to a little intimate contact right from the start, a kind of ice breaker for want of a better word.

The living room was spacious, plenty of fucking space I thought to myself and tried to conceal the large smile that crossed my face at the thought. It had all been organised over the phone a few days ago, Jenny was to make the first move on Melissa, but it had to be gentle. I didn't want her frightened by the experience. Jenny really was a clever lady, the living room had been organised so that there was only two available seats, a large comfy single seater and a two-seater "love seat". I immediately walked over and sat in the single seater so that Melissa had no other choice but to sit on the "love seat" with Jenny. Jenny sat down and looked from me to Melissa with a smile that would soothe the most nervous person and proceeded to make small talk, hockey play offs, football, just idle chat to relax Melissa. I could see that she was very tense, Jenny had moved a little closer to her to make contact with her. I lay back and joined the chat occasionally, but mostly watched Jenny work her charms on Melissa. She had crossed her hands in her lap and was just gently tracing a fingernail along Melissa's thigh just below the hemline of her skirt. By this time the chatter had stopped and Melissa was looking down nervously at Jenny's finger as it traced bigger and bigger circles on her thigh. Jenny then looked at Melissa and placed her hand fully on her thigh and leaned over and kissed her gently on the lips, lingering just momentarily and sitting back and applying that smile to Melissa who was still rather nervous looking. 

"Relax babe," she said to her soothingly. "I'm trying to." Melissa responded, "This is all so new to me." By now my cock was beginning to harden proper, I felt constricted in my pants, but I didn't want to spoil things by getting it out just yet, I figured I could tolerate it a bit longer. Jenny slid her hand a little higher up Melissa's thigh and moved it more to the inside, Melissa sighed gently, she was excited by it but still a little wary. Jenny used her other hand to take Melissa's chin in her hand and gently turn her face towards her and leaned forward and kissed her again, a little longer and a little more passionate this time. She kept pulling back a bit and then leaned in and kissed her again, this time I could see that Jenny was using her tongue to probe at Melissa's lips, slowly working it's way into her mouth. Melissa appeared to melt, almost like she just let herself go and let it happen as if nothing mattered at all. Melissa slowly slid her hand up Jenny's arm and placed it at the back of her neck and began to return the kiss in full and with as much passion as she could muster.

By now I had undone the button and zip on my pants, my now fully hard member was standing to attention in my lap as I watched things heat up just nearby. I touched it, surprised that I could be so hard without even touching it, watching two women on videos always excited me greatly, seeing it for real was an experience for me. From where I sat, I could see Jenny's hand was higher up Melissa's leg and she had her skirt hitched up to her hips. Melissa's legs were slowly widening, I could see her pale pink panties, with a darker pink patch that I realised was moisture from her pussy. Jenny moved her hand higher still and let her thumb briefly brush Melissa's clit, she sighed and melted to the touch, she opened her legs wide, allowing full access to her by now soaked patch. Melissa was still lip locked with Jenny, I could watch women kiss all day long, to me it was one of the most erotic things to watch, it seemed they were both enjoying it immensely. Melissa then slowly slid her hand from behind Jenny's head and ran it down to her tits and was making small circular movements on her nipples making them poke out from the thin fabric of her blouse. Jenny took her hand from between Melissa's legs and undid the buttons on her blouse and pulled it out from her jeans, her tits were beautiful, firm, and pert with nice nipples that were nut brown. Melissa was sliding her hand over Jenny's tits and was kissing her with a passion I doubt that even she knew possible. Jenny by now had her hand inside Melissa's panties and was slowly rubbing her clit, I swear I had never seen somebody as wet as Melissa was, she was running like a tap, her panties were soaked. "Why don't you remove her panties so I can see what's happening." I said. I had my throbbing cock in my hand and was stroking it slowly, there was no way I was going to cum sitting over here, I was going to give this load to somebody, I didn't really care who. 

Jenny pulled out of the tonsil hockey she was playing with Melissa and knelt on the floor in front of her and slowly worked her out of her panties. Melissa again spread her legs wide and looked dreamily at Jenny, "lick me, please" Melissa moaned to Jenny. I stroked my cock a little faster and Jenny leaned in to give Melissa's pussy it's first ever licking from a woman. Melissa lay back and reached down to spread her pussy wide for Jenny, she licked her clit and Melissa moaned loud, "oohhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmm that feels so gooooddddd" I got off he sofa I was sitting on and walked over to where the action was. I reached under Jenny and unbuttoned her jeans and worked them over her hips and slid them down as far as possible. Her ass was poking out invitingly in front of me, I held my throbbing cock in one hand and slid my finger down her ass crack, Jenny moaned loud as I went past her ass and slipped it straight into her wet pussy. She rocked her hips slightly on my finger and continued licking Melissa's clit. Jenny slipped first one, and then a second finger into Melissa's pussy. "OH GOD!!! I'm going to cum!!" Melissa hissed as she bucked wildly on Jenny's tongue and pussy fucking fingers. "aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fucckkkkkkkkkkkk" she moaned loud "holy shit!! Fuck me fuck me fuck me!" Melissa chanted as she started to lift her ass off the sofa. Jenny pulled her glistening fingers from Melissa's pussy and ran them up and down the inside of her thigh as she kissed the inside of her other thigh. Melissa lay there shuddering still, like she was still winding down from her shattering orgasm. Jenny stood, pushed her jeans all the way off and removed her blouse. She then knelt on the floor and undressed Melissa fully and began to kiss her stomach, from one side to the other. "Oh god!! I never knew it would feel this good." Melissa sighed as Jenny gently kissed and licked Melissa's nipples. "Never tasted pussy before?" Jenny asked her. "No, never" Melissa said. "Want to try now?" Jenny asked. "Mmmmmmmm yeah I think I do." Melissa replied in a nervously. 

Jenny climbed up on the sofa, lay back and spread her legs wide, "Take your time babe." She said. "Ok," Melissa said. She knelt between Jenny's legs and tentatively leaned in towards her wet snatch to have her first taste of another woman's pussy. "Yeahhhhhh that's it, lick my clit babe!" Jenny said seductively. Melissa started to lick her clit like she liked to be licked. Jenny closed her eyes and moaned loud "OH GOD that's good!! Yeah mmmmmmm" "Finger fuck me!" Jenny begged. Melissa slipped two fingers straight into Jenny's pussy and began to steadily finger fuck her while she sucked her clit. It must have taken Jenny about 2 minutes to cum "SHITTTTTTTTTTT I'm cumming!!!! Aaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr" Jenny yelled, she sure was noisy, but I like that in a woman. Melissa kept steadily fingering Jenny's pussy and was kissing the inside of her thighs. I knelt behind Melissa and gave her the same treatment I gave Jenny a short while ago. I slipped my finger into her very wet pussy and fingered her while I stroked my cock slowly. Melissa looked back at me, "Fuck me Tony!! Please!" I didn't need to be asked twice. I got behind her and guided my throbbing meat into her pussy, it felt so hot and so wet. I began to slowly fuck her from behind as she kept fingering Jenny. I grabbed her hips and pulled her towards me as I pushed forward, making my cock slip into her harder. "Shit!! You are going to make me cum again!" she cried. Melissa told me the other day while we were discussing this that she can cum upwards of a dozen times in one session, I was beginning to realise she was telling the truth. "OH GOD YESSSSSS!" she yelled, "I'm cumming again!" she pushed back on my cock hard as she came a little harder than before, I could feel her pussy muscles contracting on my cock, when this woman cums, she really cums I thought to myself. 

After what seemed like a solid two minutes of continuous orgasm Melissa pulled herself off my cock and pulled her wet fingers from jenny's pussy and licked them clean in front of her. Jenny just moaned and started to rub her clit. She then climbed off the sofa and lay on the floor, "come sit on my face Melissa" Melissa seemed quite ready to oblige her request. "Hey big boy, get the toys from the drawer for me please" Jenny asked. "Sure." I said "not a problem". I stood and walked across the living room and down the hall to her bedroom. My cock stuck out like a weird kind of pink glistening perch. I slipped the drawer open and grabbed two identical vibrators, pink in colour about 6 and a half inches long, and took them back into the living room and handed one to each of them. Jenny was under Melissa licking her greedily, the vibrator in one hand, spreading her pussy lips with the other. Melissa had placed her vibrator on the floor and was working on Jenny's clit like she couldn't get enough of it. Watching all this was almost too much, I wanted Melissa to enjoy this experience, it was after all set up for her benefit, and I figured I would take my chances as they come. Jenny placed the vibrator at the entrance to Melissa's pussy and slowly pushed it in, Melissa moaned a little as it slipped easily into her tingling wet pussy. Once all the way in, Jenny turned it on, "ohhhhhhhhh god that feels good!" Melissa exclaimed and started to rock her hips against the movement of the vibrator. "Turn yours on and rub my clit Melissa" Jenny asked. Melissa did as she was asked and pretty soon they were both moaning and wriggling around, the room was filled with the smell of sex and the soft buzzing of two vibrators. 

I was sitting on the floor in front of Melissa, watching her working away at Jenny's pussy with the vibrator and her tongue, although she had never done it before, she knew what to do and how to do it. Melissa lifted her head and looked at me "fuck me" she said, actually it more just mouthing the words, I didn't hear anything, but I sure knew what she said. I moved around behind her, "Remove that thing and let me insert the real thing." I said to Jenny. She removed the still buzzing vibrator and turned it off and placed it on the floor beside her. If things went the way I wanted them to, she would be using it again real soon.

I placed my hard cock at the entrance to her pussy and just left it there for a few moments, "Stop teasing me and fuck me damnit!" Melissa demanded, "I'm going to cum again!" she exclaimed. So I pushed it all the way in hard and fast, Melissa sighed loudly again and plunged her vibrator straight into Jenny's pussy, she seemed to melt at the sensation and pretty soon I was reaming Melissa's pussy with my cock and she was reaming Jenny with the plastic cock. 

Melissa lifted her head and screamed as she came again, I grabbed her hips and fucked her hard. She had the vibrator in her closed fist and was jamming it into Jenny's pussy like she was trying to kill something, plunging it in hard and deep. The without warning Jenny came again, it was a loud shrill noise and she bucked hard against the savage thrusting from Melissa's vibrator "AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK FUCK FUCK!!!!" she yelled.

I looked down at her nice little ass, and wondered if she had ever been butt fucked, I figured now was the best time to find out. I pulled out of her pussy, "Plug that hole with plastic," I told Jenny, she quickly obliged. I slid my finger up and down the inside of her thighs that were covered in her pussy juice and placed my finger on her tight little ass and pushed, Melissa moaned and my lubricated finger slipped easily into her ass. She began that little hip rotation again and I figured that it was an automatic thing with her. I slipped another finger in, it was tight but Melissa didn't seem to mind much at all. I worked them in and out for a while and I could feel the vibration from the plastic cock the Jenny had once again inserted into her aching wet pussy. Melissa had the wettest pussy I had ever seen and I got a mind picture of the vibrator short circuiting and flames shooting out her pussy, I laughed out loud at the thought, the girls must have thought I was a little crazy, but I couldn't help myself, mind pictures can be the funniest things at the most inappropriate times.

I removed my fingers from her throbbing little asshole, before she could say anything I got on my knees again and placed my still glistening cock against her ass, "I've never had it up the ass!" Melissa said. "Don't worry babe, you are about to." I informed her. I pushed harder, nothing, so I pushed harder still, I could feel her tense up. I pushed more she whined a little, and then I felt it slowly start to slip in, it was just around the head of my cock, I held that position for a few moments to allow her ass to get used to being stretched. Then, I pushed it all the way in and I felt her relax a little. I pulled back slowly and pushed it in slowly. Melissa moaned "oh god!!!! I didn't think this could feel so good!" she took the vibrator out of Jenny's pussy and placed it on her ass as well. "Go on baby, push it in!" Jenny said huskily, I figured she was about to cum again. I could feel Melissa's body trembling, kinda like a rope that had been pulled too taught and was about to break, I thought the next time she came would be one hell of an orgasm. 

"OH GOD baby!!!!!!, I'm gonna cum again!!" Jenny yelled and started to buck and jump around under Melissa. Melissa was still working the vibrator in and out of Jenny's ass, she still had one shoved right up her pussy while I reamed her ass harder. Jenny was rolling her head from side to side, muttering and chanting "oh god" over and over. I wondered if she had ever cum this hard before. Melissa turns her head as far as she could to look at me, "OH GOD Tony!! I'm going to cum so hard. Fuck my ass harder and deeper!!! DO IT!!" Melissa had given up on Jenny's ass and was now resting on her hands pushing back against me. Jenny had regained enough composure to again start working the vibrator in and out of Melissa's twat from her vantage point right underneath her. Melissa was now grunting and making all kinds of strange noises, "FUCK ME HARDER!!!!" she screamed at Jenny or me or at both, whoever it was aimed at, we both responded by increasing the tempo. I got a good grip on her hips and started to slam it in "AARRGGHHHHHHH" Melissa was about to go off and I wanted to make sure she came harder than she has ever cum before. Suddenly, Melissa screamed and pushed back so hard that she nearly knocked me backwards. She was bucking like crazy, I could feel her muscles spasming on my cock, her whole body was trembling and she was moaning so loud, it was driving me wild. I was slam fucking her ass, and she was still cumming, it seemed continuous, I had never seen a woman cum as hard or as often as her. "Oh yes oh yes oh yes oh yes" she was chanting with each thrust, Jenny was keeping time with the vibrator. I felt my orgasm building and I began to thrust even harder, I was fucking her so hard I was nearly lifting her off the floor with each thrust, then, I yelled "AAHHH FUCK!!" and I planted it deep and proceeded to shoot a what seemed endless load of my cum up her tight ass. With that, Melissa yelled as she came yet again! She then seemed to collapse on top of Jenny, seems she passed out from what was a huge orgasm. Melissa rolled off Jenny and lay on the floor beside her, "holy fuck! I never came like that before!" she said. "SHIT! I lost count after the 12th one!" she had to lay there for a while before she could even lift her head off the floor.

An hour later, we all sat in the living room drinking coffee and generally recovering from our session. "Did you enjoy your new sensation Melissa?" I asked her. "OH BOY!! New sensation is right!! I LOVED it!! Thank you both" she said. Jenny just looked at her and smile, she figured today wasn't going to be the only time the 3 of us got together. She looked over at me and winked, I smiled back to her 'New Sensation' I thought to myself, how appropriate...