 We are driving down the interstate at a pretty good clip when I start feeling frisky. I take our joined hands and place them on your thigh, rubbing up and down a bit. You look over and see me grinning mischievously and I take my hand from yours so that I can squeeze your thigh, letting my hand wander up towards your zipper.

You shift in your seat a bit, but pay attention to the road instead of what I'm doing to you. I bite my lip and undo first one button and then a second on my blouse and now I'm showing all sorts of cleavage. You gulp audibly as you look out of the corner of your eye but continue to watch the road.

I lick my lips and undo my seatbelt, sliding over towards you and whispering in your ear, "baby? I feel like being bad" I nuzzle your neck and kiss along your jaw and you ease off the gas a little bit. Then my hand wanders up and over your zipper, pressing down on your erection, and the car speeds back up again. I laugh softly and unbutton my blouse the rest of the way, shrugging it off my shoulders and dropping it on the floor of the car.

I kiss and nuzzle your neck some more, fiddling with the front of your shirt and moaning softly that I need something ... so badly. You clear your throat and ask what it is, and I take your zipper between my thumb and forefinger and pull it down. "This." I reply, undoing the button on your jeans and fishing you out of the fly of your boxers.

You moan and try to concentrate on driving as my hand encompasses your hard dick and my tits press up against your arm. I take your free hand and press it high up between my thghs and you can feel how incredibly hot I am... and wet.

"mmm... honey, I really want to..." I trail off as my head reaches your lap and I begin to lick around the head of your cock. I taste the drop of precum from the tip and moan, wanting more, but just as I take you into my mouth we hear a siren behind us.

"fuck." you swear as you pull over. Cops.

I pull your shirt over your now-deflating cock and move back to my own seat, grabbing my shirt and holding it in front of my chest. You should the officr your license and registration, trying not to show how very pissed off you are at this occurrence. "Sir, do you know how fast you were going?" the cop asks.

"Too fast?" you venture.

"Yeah. Way too fast. What's the big emergency?" the cop doesn't seem to have really noticed me much yet, until I speak up.

"Officer? I'm sorry... it was my fault. He was trying to concentrate on the road, and I was distracting him. I'm really sorry." I tried to sound as contrite and apologetic as possible in the hopes of maybe lessening the ticket. The officer leaned down to look in the window at me, raising an eyebrow at my less-than-clothed appearance, and I blushed a little. I also noticed that he was quite handoms with dark skin and chocolate brown eyes. He sort of smirked a bit, and I noticed a dimple.

"Really ma'am? And what in the world could you have been doing that would have caused him to be speeding like that?" he said it dryly, probably expecting me to make up an excuse. Instead, I just dropped my shirt again, leaned over and revealed your bare cock and started to lick it.

"Pretty much just this, officer... you stopped us before I could do much more." I looked up at him sweetly with my mouth full of your cock, drooling down the shaft and swirling my tongue around the head. Your cock, which had been mostly soft moments earlier sprang to full erection at what I was doing.

The copactually managed to look shocked for a moment, then cleared his throat. "I'm not sure that I quite understand, ma'am. I think you're going to have to give me a better demonstration." With that, he stood up again, presenting me with a hard cock pressed up against his uniform pants.

I gave you one last long suck before moving closer to the window, getting on all fours across your body and bracing one hand on the door's armrest while i used the other hand to unzip the cop's pants and take out what turned out to be a cock even bigger than yours. I gasped a little with surprise, but he just reached out and grabbed my hair, pulling my face onto him.

I proceeded to lick and suck his cock, just as I'd been doing to you moments before, and you brought your hands up to play with my body. Your left hand freed my breasts from their bra cups and played with my nipples while your right hand lifted my skirt and slipped into my panties to give my pussy some much-desired stimulation. I moaned around his cock and closed my eyes so that I could concentrate on all of the sensations.

The cop was fucking my face with long deep strokes, but then suddenly he stopped and pulled out of my mouth with a wet suction sound. "Mmmm... that was real nice," he said, "but I don't think it was enough to get your boyfriend out of a ticket."

I looked up at him, wide eyed and ingenuous, "what can I do, then, officer?"

"I think I'm going to have to ask you to exit the vehicle, ma'am." he said, sternly.

I scooted back across my seat and got out on my side of the car. You protested and got out, too, but I reassured you that it was fine. The officer said, "I'm going to have to search you, just to be certain you aren't hiding any contraband." he said while pushing me face down over the hood of the car. My breasts touched the metal, still warm from our drive, and I moanedas he spread my legs with his nighstick.

His hands travelled up both my legs, stopping at the top to shove to fingers hard into me. I groaned at the sudden fullness, not quite prepared for hte assault, but it was over almost as quickly as it began. He then slid a finger into my ass and probed there while his other hand felt up my tits, abruptly.

"You seem clean, but i'm going to have to check a bit deeper, I think," he said and I felt the head of his cock part my pussy lips. You come over to stop him, but I stop you with my hand on your cock and start to stroke you in time to his thrusts.

Just when I think I'm going to cum, he pulls out, and I whimper at the feeling of emptiness. But he soon replaced his cock with the nightstick and I was more than filled up by it. I felt it stretch me almost painfully and he slid so much inside me that I was surprised it didn't come out of my mouth. Then his fingers went back to my ass and he started probing again, opening me up for first one and then two fingers before replacing them with his cock.

He skewered me on his cock and his nightstick and then pulled me up to a standing position so that the cars going by could see my huge tits bouncing in time to his thrusts. You stand there, shocked and amazed by the scene before you, jerking off almost in a trance at the sight.

Finally, he came in my ass, groaning and filling me up with his cum and I spasmed around him in orgasm, as well. "I guess you weren't going all that fast after all" he said cheerfully, slapping my ass as he zipped up his pants, "but try to stay within the speed limit next time, son." Then he went back to his patrolcar and drove off.

You came over and undressed me completely, showing me off to the cars passing by and then you took me, right there on the hood of the car, and filled me up, too.