 Every so often a couple of friends of ours, Dick and Pete, came over for poker. It wasn't weekly or even regular, but Sonja liked them both and she was quite fond of them. After we got into the heavy sex scene, she would wear these scandalous little shorts and outrageously scanty braless tops whenever friends were visiting, and more so when these two were around, and she sort of bragged that they looked at her tits and ass when they thought she wasn't looking, and even when they knew she was. I knew that was so because I also looked at her tits and ass, and frankly, she loved the attention. More than that, she provoked them. She flirted with them all the time, and she smiled when they looked down her top, and when she swayed and jiggled those magnificent tits of hers, we all drooled! She was such a cock tease! For instance, when she brought them their drinks, she would bend down so the little tops she wore would fall away from her breasts, and the guys just stared. And stared. While she fiddled with the coasters and made sure the drinks were placed just so and stirred the drinks! How could they not stare?! Well, one thing led to another, and she started to talk of doing them. She finally came out and said that next time they came over she was going to tease them unmercifully and then she was going to do them both on the sofa, and would I please call them to come over because she didn't want to wait no more. Well, I couldn't wait either. And she did. Everything she said she would do.

I didn't mind at all; on the contrary, I enjoyed watching her get guys all hot and bothered and then doing them. She was like my favorite porn star, and I would help her choose outfits and tell her some ways to drive guys crazy, and her teasing and fucking some other guys got both of us off fabulously. We still had no kids, and her pussy was nice and tight, which guys love, me included. I loved sticking my dick in her pussy when it was all slippery and dripping come and I specially loved kissing her after me or some other guy came in her mouth. That really got me off. 

For the uninitiated, that's called a cum kiss, and we didn't pick it up from the internet porn sites, we chanced upon it ourselves. She was slurping on my cock once, laid out on the sofa with her face in my thighs, looking at me, and her lips looked so full and wet and hot and tempting and inviting and they were so close, and I just cradled her head closer so I could kiss her, and watching my cock slide out of her full, juicy lips just before I kissed her made it such a different, otherworldly kiss. Her hot wet mouth felt just as intensely pleasurable on my lips as on my cock, and I moved it back to my cock and almost immediately came while she smiled at me with her eyes. It was so new and enjoyable that I didn't know if I came from the kiss or from the blowjob. I kissed her again, and her lips were coated with my come and they were so delicious that my cock stayed hard as she alternated her lips between my mouth and my cock, and without much effort she made me come again. It's been one of her special treats ever since!

Well, poker night came, our two friends arrived, and the three of us had started playing, but after a couple of hands we were still waiting for Sonja to come out. I knew the guys liked her around, they loved her teasing and her almost-nothing outfits, and they always asked about her. So where was she?

When she finally joined us, she was stunning in her sexiness. She was sex candy, exquisite sex candy. She wore tiny, fancy shorts with a blue and green floral pattern; no camel toe, but thin and snug as skin nevertheless. The shorts ended one small inch below her crotch, and they showed off her delectable ass and sexy, shapely thighs in all their glory for us to admire. Her top was a sheer white body shirt, also fancy and molded to her figure, but it looked more like something she would wear for a night of sex, which, come to think of it, was just what she had in mind. It had a wide, plunging cleavage with an open string netting that displayed most of her soft, mouthwatering, oh-so-fabulous breasts! Her tits were too big for the stretched, skin hugging body shirt, and from the way they strained against it, it sure looked like a nipple or a whole breast would easily pop out anytime through the netting, and that happened several times that night. The nipples were anyway visible through the thin, translucent cloth, protruding, obvious, tempting, and already hard. She was quite a package! I'm pretty sure we all got hard looking at her. She knew it, and that's what she wanted. These two guys were going to get laid!

In a very suggestive tone, I said that she had delicious tits, that she loved showing them off and she loved guys staring at them. I knew our two friends were thinking the same thing, because they sure were ogling her, her tits and all of her, and with such lust in their eyes! She twirled around, showing off her curves, shook her shoulders and swayed her magnificent breasts at us, and told us that I loved it when she showed her tits. 

At that, she bent to kiss me. Her kisses were pure sex, and her lips felt just as good on your mouth as on your cock. She kissed slowly, purposely, masterfully, artfully. She had full, pouty lips - kissing lips, she'd tell you, just before she bit them and licked them wet and shiny and kissed you. She liked to slide her wet lips along yours, probing deftly with her tongue, biting, tasting, savoring, teasing. Her kisses were long, drawn out, and intense in their sexual pleasure, and you never wanted them to end. Once, before we got married, we had a long kissing and petting session. Both of us were fully clothed, and when she finally touched my cock through my pants, I came like a teenager making out for the first time. I still remember how hot her skin and her lips were.

Tonight she stood between Pete and me, the V of her thighs less than a foot away from our faces, and I'm sure he could smell her sexiness, just as I did. She had just come out of the shower and she had that sweet, clean, damp, soap, girl, sex, ready for bed scent that all of us men love.

I had coached her -- and she never did need much coaching -- on some ways to get guys hot fast, like for instance, making sexy eyes and flirting with a guy while I groped her. Now, as she smothered me with her breasts, I looked up and I could tell by the way she looked at Pete that she offering him those bountiful breasts of hers while she rubbed them all over my face. She knew how to get guys hot! All of us! 

After a while she went to the kitchen to get us some drinks, and called out to Dick to come help her. I had picked a chair from where I could see into the kitchen, as I was pretty sure this would be where she would start, and I didn't want to miss any of it. I gestured to Pete to move over so he could watch too.

She had the top freezer door open, trying to get some ice. She was standing on her tiptoes, and her perfect ass was thrust out, tempting and inviting, as Dick came up behind her. As short as she was, she could reach the ice, but she wanted to tease Dick. He reached over her to get at the ice, but she said it wasn't there. He reached further into the freezer, real close behind her, but she kept repeating not there, not there. When he at last grazed her ass she backed into him, and said there, that's where, right there, and contentedly snuggled her ass into his crotch. She was still on tiptoes, her ass thrust against his hard-on, which was nestled in the sweet hollow where the crack of her ass and her thighs meet, and she was sighting and closing her eyes in pleasure. After some serious ass-cuddling into his hard cock, with him reluctantly holding her by the hips, she turned to face him, tight against him, deftly loosened his belt, kissing him, and reached for his bulge, searching for you know what. 

They kissed for a very short while before he looked our way, a little nervous. I smiled and gave him a thumbs up, but he still panicked and backed out. 

So they came back to the table. Dick had an unsettled look on him, while she had a knowing, determined smirk on her face -- she knew guys, and this one was skittish but he did have a hard-on, he probably hadn't done anything like what she wanted to happen, but she was going to have him one way or the other. I knew how her mind worked.

We returned to the game. She hovered around us, looking at our cards from behind, walking in an adorable, provocative way, making her lively, bouncy breasts sway this way and that, trying to make them pop out from under the body shirt, and getting her ass temptingly close, inches away, to each of us in turn. Frequently, not accidentally, she would touch our arms or shoulders or some other body part, either with her hands or with her body. She was so hot!

She got behind me, put her hands on my shoulders, and pressed her breasts into the back of my head. I loved her!! 

She made no secret of rubbing those breasts of hers against me. Right away I felt something different, and realized a warm nipple was bare against my neck and ear. The guys could see it, and she let them watch, and she kissed the back of my neck, mouth open. She moved out from behind me at the same time that she tried to tuck the nipple back under the shirt. Unsuccessfully, it turned out, as the nipple refused to hide, because, really, that body shirt was not made to hide anything, it was made to show everything. The breast pushed out hard against the cleavage netting, with the beautiful nipple hard, engorged, and asking. You should have seen Dick and Pete's faces! She took her time covering up, making a show of it, and finally tucked away the nipple. There's something so sexy about a woman mischievously covering an exposed breast.

She stood between Dick and me, again very close to both of us, and to move things along, I wrapped my arm behind her thighs and ass, fondled them, then tucked my hand up between her thighs, and slowly moved it up and up, squeezing and feeling and caressing. Both guys were looking at my fingertips inching their way up her thighs, and when I got to where they met, she pointedly shifted a bit to accommodate me. Ahh!! Heaven!! I asked her if she was wearing panties, because there didn't seem to be room for them under her tight little shorts. She wiggled her ass as if to shake me off, but it was a sensuous and suggestive wiggle, and replied to all of us, smiling and pouting and teasing and rolling her eyes, that we would have to find out.

She moved behind Pete to look at his cards. When she pressed her breasts into the back of his head, he played along, delighted, and closed his eyes and purred. She moved her breasts from side to side against his head, again making a nipple easily poke out and expose itself. Dick was just starting to realize what he missed at the refrigerator. She wrapped her arms around Pete's face and rubbed her naked breast into his hair, his ears, his neck, his cheeks, then she turned his face sideways, and expertly guided the nipple into his mouth. But just as he closed his lips on it, she pulled it away, her breast quivering right in his face. She apologized for the wardrobe malfunction, as she called it, and she tried to stretch the body shirt to tuck her breast back under the shirt, which, as we all knew by now, was hopeless but anyway we loved to watch. She was getting real hot herself teasing the hell out of us.

We dealt out another hand, but we were losing interest in the game.

She said we needed another round of drinks to cool us down. From the kitchen, she cried out for Dick to give her a hand again. Dick jumped up and ran to the kitchen, looking eager but a bit flustered, because, well, I thought he couldn't figure out what was happening. But Pete needed no prompt this time to move to where he could see their goings-on.

She was ostensibly trying to reach the topmost cabinet, and had one foot on the little kitchen stool and the other leg halfway up with the knee on the counter, and her thighs were beautifully, invitingly splayed open in those sexy tiny shorts. It was a classic fuck me pose. Dick still hesitated, like he didn't know what to do. But he was a strong guy and had to help, so he grabbed the high thigh with one hand and her ass with the other, pressed against her to steady her, and lifted her so she could reach whichever glasses it was she wanted. She took her time rummaging through the glassware, humming and fidgeting into his crotch and hands, enjoying herself as much as he was. Well, yes, he did have one hand right on her pussy, but it was separated by the thin cloth of her shorts. After a while, she asked to be lowered to the counter, where she faced him, her ass on the edge, and wrapped her legs around him and pulled him in, crotch to crotch. In all her searching and stretching, a breast had of course popped out again, but Dick still didn't get the picture. She laid the glasses down, and asked him to get the ice while she innocently played with her breasts and body shirt, like she knew it was just impossible to cover up, all the while looking at him with longing. She playfully wet her nipple with an ice cube, then his lips, and, since he still didn't get it, gave him one of her long, never-ending kisses. Her exposed breast was literally asking to be played with, but his hands stayed on her hips, probably because he knew we were watching. She lowered herself from the countertop, slithering and pressing against him, and it seemed that she was going to go down on her knees. Dick looked our way, saw us looking, and again backed out and spoiled the moment. The way I saw it, Dick missed himself a blowjob again!

But the night wasn't over, and it would turn out even better than Sonja and I expected.

They came back with the drinks. I asked him if he had given her a "hand," and he stammered some unintelligible reply. But we were not into poker anymore, now we were just talking, and of course everything we said had a double meaning to it. I knew the two guys were going to get laid, but they didn't know it, at least they weren't too sure about it. But they really wanted to, hell, even Dick wanted to, but it seemed all this was too new to him.

After a while, Sonja took Dick's hand and led him off to the living room, because she had to "talk" with him, she said. OK. Sure. But we couldn't see into the living room from where we were. Sonja shortly returned alone, again with a naked breast straining magnificently through the netting, presumably because of all the "talking." She gave me a long, thorough wet kiss and checked out my cock - it was nice and hard, as she knew it would be - and teased us that Dick was going to find out whether she had any panties on. Pete and I were welcome, were expected, to watch and join, but she wanted a couple of minutes alone with Dick to relax him. She went over to Pete, wet her lips and ran her tongue between his lips, and softly told him his turn was next, but she sure wouldn't have any panties on by then. You should have seen the look on his face!

Pete and I made ourselves another drink, but he liked to watch as much as I did, so, drinks in hand, we quietly moved to the doorway to check out the action. 

There was my favorite porn star! In one of my favorite porn scenes! They were kissing, his hands on her breasts, her hands on his cock, one of her knees bent over between his naked thighs. His shorts were on the floor, but she still had hers on.

She saw us out of the corner of her eye, and motioned us away, but things looked way too hot to miss. And Pete wanted some too! 

She stood up between Dick's legs, bent over, still kissing him, brushing and dangling her fabulous breasts against his cock while he fondled them, and she started to pull her shorts off. It wasn't easy because they were so snug, but she managed to peel them off and she looked real sexy doing it. Her bent over ass was facing us as she wiggled out of the shorts, very, very inviting -- of course she didn't have any panties on. Pete didn't look like he could wait, and I thought she would like to accommodate him too. She looked so good that I knew where he was going to put it, so I got some vaseline from the bathroom and gestured to him to go on. He dropped his shorts right there on the doorway, buttered up his hard cock with vaseline, and moved towards that tantalizing ass of hers, stroking himself.

But she didn't know he was coming up behind her. She was braced between Dick's thighs, ass thrust out, and she had lowered her head to his cock. As she took it in her mouth, Pete surprised her by quickly spreading her ass cheeks and shoving his cock right into her tight little asshole. Her eyes popped and she gagged and lurched but she didn't pull away. Dick missed all this because his eyes were closed as her mouth and lips worked his cock. 

She pulled on Dick so his thighs were at the edge of the sofa, and he opened his eyes and realized Pete was already in her. Sonja told them that they were both going to fuck her two holes at the same time. She grabbed Dick's cock, hard, ready, and wet from her mouth, brushed it against her slippery pussy lips, and impaled herself. Dick didn't hesitate this time! Pete didn't miss a beat either, almost kneeling on the rug between their thighs. He moved with her and kept his dick in her asshole and held on to her hips as he fucked her. Her breasts were in Dick's mouth, and he was devouring them, making up for what he'd missed before. She looked deliciously wild, moaning and grunting and gasping with two cocks thrusting into her and her breasts swinging in and out of Dick's hungry mouth.

I usually watched her and the guy - or guys, like this time - come, but tonight I thought I would overload her senses with a third cock, mine. I dropped my shorts and knelt on the sofa next to Dick, and thrust my cock inches from her face. Her lips were still wet, half open, inviting, but she was jerked around by the guys' thrusts, so I waited for her mouth to come to my cock. And when it did, it was as delicious and electrifying and hot and wet and slippery as always. The thrusting of the guys made my cock pop out of her mouth a couple of times, but she would get it back in. Her slurping was just so pleasurable!

Meanwhile, Dick moved his face closer to where my cock was sliding in and out of Sonja's mouth, and it sure looked like he was going to mouth it! So this was why he was reluctant before; he didn't want to let on that he also liked cock! He kissed Sonja just as my cock slipped out of her mouth, their lips coming together on the head of my cock. I could see and feel their tongues and lips slithering and fluttering at the tip of my cock. But in all honesty, I wanted Sonja, there was just nothing else for me, ever, so I pushed my cock back into those beautiful wet and pouty lips of hers.

All of us were on the edge of coming, what with all her teasing throughout the night. I was ready too, but I wanted to hold out and watch her come and watch her make the guys come too. This double penetration, which we had seen in porn videos, was a first for her and she had been looking forward to it. My cock, a third one, in her mouth, should take her over the edge.

But this time it was the guys who would come first. Dick was already sexually overwhelmed, with Sonja mouthing my cock right in his face, his hands pulling and tugging on her breasts, his cock deep in her pussy after she had just sucked him, so he started, he was the first. He tensed up, thrusting up so hard that he nearly threw Sonja and Pete off. After Dick's second or third thrust, Pete went off, and so did Sonja, who in spite of everything managed to keep my cock between her lips. Her sucking went wild with her orgasm. She moaned and grunted so sexy with a cock in her mouth and two more stuffed in her two holes!
