 I've arranged to meet a friend outside the local ice rink, but when I arrive, she isn't there. It's started to rain, so thinking she might have gone inside to shelter, I open the door and step inside. The sudden blast of icy air chills my bare legs, unexpected after the warmer air outside. The building seems to be empty, so I turn to leave, not wanting my friend to arrive outside and leave, assuming I'm not there.

Suddenly, I hear a burst of laughter, and thinking my friend might be wherever that laughter is coming from, I go to investigate. The sounds lead me towards a partly open door. By this time I can hear several voices, all male, and the sound of running water, and I realise that it's actually the door to the locker room. It seems that the local ice hockey team has just finished a training session and is getting showered and changed inside. I know I should leave, but my curiosity gets the better of me, so I push the door open a bit further and look into the room.

At first I can't see anyone, and I move further into the room. Now I can see one of the players standing with his back to me. He is completely naked and I can't help but admire his body, muscular and still wet from the shower. As I stand staring, I hear the door swing shut behind me, and I jump, startled. The player in front of me hears it, too, and turns around. I can't speak, mortified at having been caught and suddenly more than a bit afraid of the consequences. He smiles and moves towards me, and I step back towards the door, mumbling "Sorry, I was just... I'll go". He says "No, don't go yet" then calls over his shoulder into the room, "Hey guys, look what I've found". I look beyond him and for the first time I see the rest of the team, twenty big, muscular, and mostly naked men.

Suddenly the sound of water stops completely and all I can hear is my own slightly panicky breathing, too fast and loud in the silence. Every impulse is screaming at me to get out, fast. I glance over my shoulder at the door and find to my horror that one of the players is now blocking my path. This guy is huge, at least 6'5" tall and built to match. I have no doubts at all that this one guy alone could do whatever he wanted to me, never mind with nineteen other guys to back him up, and I'm suddenly utterly terrified. I know that there's no-one else in the building, so it doesn't matter if I scream, there's no way anyone will hear me.

The first player steps forward again and I switch my attention back to him, sure that I know what's about to happen, and ready to beg him not to hurt me. The words die on my lips as I take in the fact that he is truly stunning. He's tall, blond and very muscular with startlingly blue eyes and tribal tattoos on his well built shoulders and biceps, and I can't take my eyes off him as he reaches towards me, or ignore his all too obvious arousal. Then he pulls me into his arms and kisses me, unexpectedly gently. I'm too shocked by the almost tender approach to bother trying to struggle, and I find myself kissing him back as he pushes my coat off my shoulders. Whatever I'd expected, it certainly wasn't this, and I catch myself thinking maybe it won't be so bad, maybe the other guys will be content to just watch. All I know is I want this man so much. He pulls back to look at me, apparently trying to gauge my reaction, and beyond him I can see the rest of the team moving closer, watching us intently. I know what must be about to happen, I can see the lust in their faces, and I know there's no way they're just going to watch, but I'm not afraid any more, just more aroused than I've ever been in my life.

The blond player leans in to kiss me again, harder and more urgently this time. I can feel his now erect cock pressing against my belly, hot through the fabric of my skirt. He pulls back again and starts to unbutton my blouse. I feel the warmth of another body behind me an instant before I feel a new pair of hands on the fastening of my skirt. I gasp in surprise and look back to see the giant who had been blocking the door is now helping to undress me. My skirt falls to the floor and I step out of it willingly. My bra is unfastened and dropped to the ground, and the giant reaches round and starts to squeeze my large breasts and pinch my by now very hard nipples. His hands are huge, causing an image to flash into my mind of those thick fingers plunging into my pussy, making me gasp at the thought. While this is happening the guy in front of me is pushing my thong down over my hips and sliding the dampened piece of lace down my legs. He bends to slip it off my feet, and removes my shoes at the same time. I'm now able to see the rest of the room again, and the other players are now standing very close. By this time they are all completely naked and are slowly masturbating their hard cocks. They're all young and fit, most of them quite heavily muscled and many of them tattooed. By now, I'm looking at them in much the same appraising way they're looking at me, and I'm wondering what it's going to be like to be fucked by so many men. I'm still not entirely sure if I'm going to be able to cope, but I'm looking forward to trying.

The guy behind me is still playing with my breasts, and I can feel him rubbing his frankly enormous cock against my buttocks. The blond guy is now kneeling in front of me rubbing my thighs, then he surprises me again by opening my pussy and starting to lick my clit. I moan loudly and let my head fall back against the strong, broad chest of the guy behind me. I hadn't expected my arousal to be of any importance to any of them, so the fact that I'm now getting very expert oral from this beautiful guy seems like a bonus, especially when he slides his thumb into me and slowly crooks it inside me, hitting my g spot and making my legs buckle. Fortunately, the big guy is more than capable of holding me up and does so easily while I squirm with pleasure. My legs are starting to shake and I can feel my orgasm building when I'm suddenly lifted clean off the floor. Two more guys now have hold of a leg each and one arm underneath me, supporting my body in midair and allowing them easy access to my thighs and breasts with their free hands, while the hungry, eager licking continues between my widely spread legs. I'm moaning more or less continuously now, barely conscious of anything other than his tongue and my almost painful arousal as he continues to work my g spot with his thumb and then I come, loudly and with a gush of liquid from my pussy. I can hear appreciative sounds from around me and I open my eyes to see the whole team gathered tightly around me, watching intently. One of them reaches out and runs his finger through the wetness on my thighs and I realise that for the first time ever, I've actually ejaculated. I feel like a porn star, and in spite of my shattering orgasm, I'm nowhere near satisfied, simply more turned on than ever and eager to see what they're going to do next.

I notice that someone has piled towels on the floor in the middle of the room, and my giant picks me up and carries me over to them. He lies me down and then he also kisses me. It seems as though he and the blue eyed one are in charge in some way, as they seem to expect to go first and the rest of the team seems happy to let them. I'm propped up against something and they both kneel on opposite sides of me, their throbbing cocks near my face. I know exactly what they want me to do, and the only problem I have is trying to decide which cock to suck first. I decide to return Blue Eyes' favour and start with him, taking his large and very hard cock in my mouth and sucking it wetly. He groans as my mouth closes round the swollen head of his penis and I flick the tip of my tongue against the opening in response. I can feel his hands in my hair, though he's quite gentle and doesn't attempt to thrust further into my mouth. After a while, he pushes me away gently and turns my head towards the other guy's cock, so I take the hint and wrap my lips around this one instead. He really is huge, it's not easy to get very much of him into my mouth, so I use my hands on his shaft as well. I'm concentrating hard on what I'm doing, but I'm also very aware of the hands and mouths I can feel on my body. I come up for air briefly so I can look down the length of my body and see what's happening, and the sight is so erotic that it tips me over the edge and I orgasm again. One guy is licking my clit and has a finger inside me, but at the same time someone else has pushed two fingers in alongside his teammates', explaining why I feel so stretched and full. Two further players have fastened their mouths onto my breasts and are sucking and even gently biting my nipples, and everyone else seems to have a hand or cock somewhere on me, stroking and rubbing continually. I go back to the cocks I've been sucking on so eagerly, and manage to take both at once for a short while before they both pull back and start to change position.

Initially I assume that they'll be replaced by two more guys and I'll be sucking more cock, but instead Blue Eyes moves further down alongside me, moving his teammates out of the way, and lifts one of my legs over him so he's kneeling between them. I now know exactly what he has in mind, and I settle myself a little more comfortably for what's coming. I want him inside me so much that I'm whimpering with lust before he even enters me. He pauses with the head of his cock poised at the entrance to my soaking, quivering pussy and looks down and into my eyes. All of a sudden I can hardly breathe, as those piercing eyes seem to look right into me, and he maintains eye contact as he slides into me with one long, smooth thrust. The way I'm propped up, I can look down and see his cock moving in and out of me, the sight helping to speed me to another strong orgasm. The contractions of my pussy around him seem to tip him over the edge and with one or two very deep thrusts and a loud cry he comes hard inside me, filling me with cum, then pulls out and watches it start to trickle out of me again.

It's almost as if that breaks some kind of spell as suddenly the rest of the team, who had drawn back to let him have his way with me, surrounds us again. Giant takes his place between my legs and plunges his huge cock deep into my now very well lubricated hole, and as he does so another two guys take their places by my head and I suck their cocks between moans of extreme pleasure. Giant then gets his knees under my legs, wraps his arms around me and lifts me up so that I'm effectively sitting on his lap straddling him. Someone else then moves behind me and using the mixture of my own and Blue Eyes' cum as a lubricant, then starts to enter my backside. I gasp and freeze, unsure that I want this to happen, and he stops to let me get used to it. Giant stops thrusting to let me concentrate, and I slowly push myself back onto the cock at my arsehole. Once he's in, the thrusting resumes, echoed by the cock in my arse, and I'm amazed by the sensation of these two filling more completely than I'd ever before experienced. Before long I also have two cocks in my mouth and one in each hand, and I surrender myself completely to the sensations and pleasures of being used in every conceivable way by these men, knowing there's nothing I could do to stop them even if I wanted to. Of course, I don't want them to stop, and for hours and hours they take it in turns to fuck me in every possible combination. It eventually becomes apparent that some of them have already recovered and are coming back for their second or even third turn, as although I'm no longer able to keep count or even work out who's doing what to me at any given time, it does seem that I've been fucked in the pussy at least twenty times, and that's not counting the number of times I've had someone fill my arse and mouth with cum.

Eventually they're all sated, but not before forming a tight circle around me and masturbating themselves to orgasm over my body. I think I must have fallen asleep for a time, because now I'm lying on the towels, exhausted, covered in cum and aching in every hole and limb from the contortions I'd been manoeuvred into. One by one, the players shower, dress and leave, and then I'm alone again. It takes me a while to realise I'm no more alone this time than I had been earlier. Eventually, I become aware that the first player, the blue eyed one, is still there, watching me. "You OK?" he asks, and I nod yes. "Cool. Think you can manage one more go?" I smile, and nod again, eagerly this time. He helps me to my feet and leads me to the shower, gently soaping my well used body, then slowly makes love to me one last time. Much later, I leave, knowing that although I'm not in town for much longer and will probably never see any of them again, I'll also never forget my experience.