 “I wouldn’t mind a threesome with two guys…” Layla said, leaning forward and taking a sip of her drink.  

Kieran and Andrew glanced at each other over her shoulder.  

“Yeah, I mean, you know, I’ve never done it before.  But it sounds like fun!”  She said giggling and watching the scene on TV that had prompted the conversation.  

“Would you guys ever do a threesome?”  She asked.  “I mean, I suppose it’s every guy’s dream to have a threesome with two chicks, hey?” 

“Hell yes!”  Andrew replied, grinning and making Layla laugh.  

“Ah, boys, so predictable.”  She said sighing melodramatically.  Kieran and Andrew glanced at each other once more as Layla took advantage of the pause to curl up comfortably on the couch.  

“Want another drink?”  Andrew asked, and took orders.  He went into the kitchen and started mixing while Layla and Kieran went back to making fun of the TV.  “Layla, could you give me a hand here for a second? I can’t remember what goes into your Screaming Orgasm…” 

“Lots of effort!”  She quipped, uncurling her legs and walking into the kitchen.  “Come on Andy, you’ve lived with me long enough to know what goes into my bloody drink!”  She teased, digging through the cupboard for the rest of the ingredients.  “Where are they?”  She wondered, and turned to look questioningly at Andrew, only to see the ingredients already lined up on the bench.  

“What?  But I thought…”  She started, but stopped, confused by the expression on Andrew’s face.  “I don’t…” she started again, unconsciously drifting towards Andrew.  She tripped on the torn linoleum, and had a momentary thought of How convenient before finding herself in his arms.  

She looked up at him, her skin burning where his hands touched her.  “Andy…I don’t unders…”  

Andrew silenced her with a kiss, pulling her against his chest and sliding his hands up her back to cup her head and play with her hair.  She had her hands resting on his chest in token resistance, but soon slid them down to pull him tightly against her.  They clung together for several minutes, two years of sexual tension finally beginning to be released.  Andrew was kissing gently across her neck, biting playfully when she felt another pair of hands on her and squealed.

“Kieran! What are you doing?”  She took in Andrew’s look of guilty pleasure and turned to stare at them both.  “What are you both doing?” She demanded, stepping away from them.

They both exchanged shamefaced glances and Andrew opened his mouth to explain.

“I…we just thought that…that we’d make your fantasy come true?”  He explained tentatively, bracing himself for an outburst.  He was sure when he’d imagined this scenario that he’d been much smoother.  

Layla stared at them both, speechless.  She opened and closed her mouth a few times, bearing a close resemblance to a very attractive goldfish.  She spluttered a bit before giving up and collapsing on the floor.  It took them a few seconds to realize that she was laughing.

“Oh my god, you guys…” she managed, “that’s just…”  She felt someone touch her foot and looked up, startled.  Kieran’s thumb slid along the arch, rubbing gently, while his other hand toyed with the bones of her ankle.  She stared at him, her mouth a small moue of puzzlement, while Andrew stood by and watched.  The silence in the air was palpable – Layla was once again stunned, and both men were waiting to see her response.  

Andrew’s hand fell to her shoulders, and he started massaging gently, sensing the high level of tension she was holding.  Slowly Kieran’s hand slid up her calf to stroke the back of her knee teasingly and Andrew felt all of the tension leave her body.  

She turned her head to look up at him, licking her lips, a shadow of hunger visible in her eyes.  He took advantage of it and bent down, capturing her lips in a kiss fiercer than the last.  Her response equaled his in heat – she bit at his lip gently, moaning under her breath as she felt Kieran crawl up her legs and start kissing her exposed neck.  

He bit her sharply and she gasped and shivered and held out her hands to him.  They both helped her to stand, holding onto each of her hands.  

“You guys…I don’t think…”

“Shh…” Kieran said, claiming his first kiss from her.  She moaned as his hand slid down her body to knead her ass, while Andrew’s slid down her front, cupping her breasts through her knitted jumper.  He slid his hands down further, up and under her shirt so he could get better access to her breasts, only to find her bra.  He stepped back, and regarded her.

“Now this won’t do…” he said and Kieran understood his intent and stepped back, holding Layla’s arms up.  Andrew grasped the bottom of her shirt and jumper and pulled them both off her head, exposing her red & gold lace brassiere.  She shivered, taken aback and was about to speak but Kieran silenced her by placing his finger against her mouth and lowering his mouth to the slopes of her breasts, kissing and biting at them, a little bit rough as she’d said so many times that she liked.  

Andrew moved to stand behind her, lifting her hair up to kiss the nape of her neck and work his way with kisses down her back until he was kneeling behind her.  He reached around and unbuttoned her jeans and slid them and her lacy briefs down her legs where they tangled at her feet.  Kieran grinned and picked her up so Andrew could free her legs.

Layla squealed in complaint as she felt herself being lifted, even more so when she realized that Kieran was about to toss her over his shoulder.  She wriggled annoyedly but was firmly fixed there, her torso swinging down behind his back.  At least from here she had a fine view of his backside in his denims.  

Andrew stared at her bottom, fascinated, seeing her lineaments properly for the first time since he’d met her.  (Mad dashes from the shower notwithstanding.)  He reached up and placed his hand gently on her bottom, his thumb sliding down the crease between her cheeks until he reached her sweet succulent pussy.  He felt the wetness there as she squealed again in complaint and he grinned at Kieran.

“Told you she’d like this.”  He said grinning, and Kieran nodded his agreement and strode towards his bedroom.  “Hey, why your room?”  Andrew demanded huffily.  

”Cause my bed’s bigger.”  Kieran replied, his blue eyes glinting darkly.

They reached his room and Kieran deposited Layla gently on the bed, deftly undoing her bra while he was at it.  He snatched it from her and stood back to admire his handiwork.  She frowned at them both, pouting somewhat sulkily until Kieran crawled onto the bed beside her, smiling.

“Well, somebody’s demanding, isn’t she?”  Kieran quipped, smiling sardonically.  Layla grinned.  

“That’s right!”  She agreed, her voice only slightly shaky from nerves.  Kieran pounced on her, sliding roughly up her body while Andrew stood back and undressed hastily.  

She felt his jeans rubbing roughly against her legs, the strange sensation arousing her as he bit teasingly at her jaw line.  She felt Andrew’s weight land on the bed beside her and wasn’t surprised to feel his fingertips on her face.  His index finger traced over her forehead gently, sliding down her cheek to rub over her lips.  

She trembled, aroused, and parted her lips gently, flicking her tongue out over his fingertip.  He shuddered and pushed his finger further into her mouth, nearly coming as the soft warmth engulfed him.  His cock stiffened to full mast and she glanced at it and he could see the eagerness in her eyes.  Kieran climbed off her to undress while she sucked at Andrew’s finger.  

“Will you…” Andrew began, cut off by Layla’s moan.  

“Anything…” she said, releasing him.  A thrill jolted through his body as she knelt up on the bed, and he stepped back so he was standing beside it.  She stretched up to kiss him for a while and felt Kieran climb back onto the bed behind her, clasping her bottom in his warm hands.  She kissed her way teasingly down Andrew’s neck and chest, her fingers working slightly lower stroking down his belly and thighs, brushing around his groin teasingly, never quite touching where he ached for her to touch.  

Behind her Kieran kissed his own way down her back, his fingers flickering lightly over her exposed cunt.  Layla licked wetly down Andrew’s lower belly, smelling the musk of him as she felt his pubic hair under her lips.  She leaned back slightly, feeling Kieran’s fingers more firmly on her pussy, breathing hotly on the glistening head of Andrew’s cock.  It twitched in front of her and Andrew tipped his head back and moaned frustratedly.  She grinned and teased, licking ever so lightly at his head for seconds before pulling away.  

Suddenly Andrew grasped the sides of her head with both hands and she stared up at him, shocked and aroused.  He licked his lips and pulled her head forward until her lips rested on the head of his cock, at the same time she felt Kieran’s fingers at the entrance to her wet cunt.  

She felt rather than saw Andrew glance at Kieran over her naked back, and suddenly her mouth was thrust down onto Andrew’s cock so far that he nudged at the back of her throat.  At the same time she felt Kieran’s fingers thrust into her, curving up to press at her sweet spot.  She moaned, tortured around Andrew’s cock, the vibrations sending a thrill through him.  She sucked and licked at him eagerly as much as she could, her hands gripping his thighs to support herself against Kieran’s onslaught.

Andrew moaned at the feel of her tight little mouth around his cock, and the glorious sight of her looking up at him with her chocolate eyes wide.  Kieran behind her grew bored of having just his fingers inside her, and slipped them out, sucking them clean before moving up the bed closer to her.

Layla moaned, knowing what was coming, her body trembling with anticipation and arousal.  She felt Kieran’s warm weight on her back as Andrew thrust rapidly into her mouth, her senses overwhelmed with warmth and cock and lust.  As she began to almost swallow Andrew’s cock and started to feel her saliva running down her chin, she felt Kieran’s head nudge against the entrance to her pussy.  She moaned and whimpered abandonedly and pushed back against him, her pussy aching to be filled.  

He obliged her and thrust himself inside, and she squealed muffledly around Andrew’s thick cock, feeling the length of both men inside her.  She shuddered, sensory pleasure overloading her, her body rocking to the rhythm of Kieran and Andrew’s thrusting.  She whimpered deep in her throat, feeling the beginnings of her orgasm wrack her body and Kieran felt it too.  His hands slipped up to clasp her buttocks, his thumb sliding between to probe at her anus.  He knew she loved it – he’d heard the squeals of delight coming from her room and heard the stories the next day.  He wiped his thumb in her abundant pussy juices and went back to her tight little asshole, pressing in, sliding his thumb in ever so teasingly.

Layla felt like she couldn’t take anymore – she was so thoroughly filled she felt like she was going to burst, her pussy flaming, her ass warm and satisfied, her mouth bursting with cock and taste.  She sucked at Andrew, her mouth watering while Kieran’s other hand reached around to work at her clit, willing her over the edge into orgasm.  

She moaned again, and felt Andrew’s cock start to twitch in her mouth and tasted his hot come as it slid down her throat.  Her orgasm started to rip through her and Andrew pulled out of her mouth as Kieran thrusted forcefully and started to come in her hot tight pussy.  Andrew spurted hot come over her face as she screamed with release, her body shaking all over as she felt Kieran shoot hotly inside her, jamming her forward with enough force to make her collapse down onto the bed.  She moaned, the feel of Kieran’s twitching cock arousing her further, even though she was exhausted from the powerful spasms of her climax.  She shivered as Kieran pulled out, and rolled over, only to find Andrew and Kieran both scooping up come with their fingers and smearing it on her lips.  

They smiled at her as she licked it up somewhat surprisedly, and said in unison, 

“Ah… our hot, wet little slut.  I can see this happening much more often from now on.”