 NOTE: Please do read parts 1-4 first, which will explain the set-up here (it won't make much sense else!). My stories are raw/full on - based on the fantasies of myself and some of the submissive sexual women I know. 

*****

Jenna awoke from a fitful sleep of unknown duration, she couldn't tell what time it was as her room was grim and didn't contain any timepieces. She felt rested at least, her body a little refreshed after its efforts. God she stank of stale piss and cum she thought to herself, noticing it for the first time. That just made her horny and wet again, which made her feel such a nasty skank, which just fuelled her libido even more, in an endless cycle. She had long ago realised her dark sexual desires took her far from vanilla sex, and she craved the dirty feeling of being humiliated and used; to give herself completely to someone else's control, someone who had a nasty imagination. There was something extremely liberating about giving up all decision making, all control, trusting someone else to use her body as their toy. 

Looking around the room, she spied her small pile of allowed possessions and decided she better retouch her lipstick. As she was doing so, she heard the door open and guessed correctly that she had been watched on screen.

"Good morning my slut. I hope you slept well?" I asked her, the acrid smell of the filth making my nose twitch. 

"Yes master." She replied. Her slightly flushed cheeks showing she was already excited thinking about what was to come on her second day. 

"Good. You will need all your energy today. You have pleased me, and my friends so far, but you have had it a little easy. This morning you will be pushed, tested fully," I promised her, helping her up and into my arms, so I could look into her eyes. 

"I won't let you down," she whispered, biting her bottom lip in a way she knew would drive me crazy. 

"Good, well first start by putting these back on," I tell her, dropping a carrier bag before her. 

Jenna pulled out the piss soaked underwear she had worn only hours before, and pulled on the cold knickers, then clipped the bra back in place, pushing her large breasts up in a way she knew guys loved. 

"And here, something to go with them," I said, handing over a red and white checked short skirt, and flimsy white blouse. 

Jenna could see it was a cheap and slutty outfit probably bought from a sex shop, so she played the part and tied the blouse up under her tits and left the upper buttons undone to expose her milky white full tits. Partnered with the pleated skirt which only just covered her bum, she looked very much the porn star college girl look. 

I completed my slut's outfit with her collar, turning her around so I could buckle it around her neck, reminding her she was owned while in my company. She wasn't my lover or my mistress, she was my toy, my plaything, and that's exactly what we both wanted.

"Ready?" I asked her, clipping the black leash to the o-ring on her collar.

She nodded and took a deep breath, not knowing exactly what to expect, but pussy tingling with excitement.

"Come with me then," I told her, leading her with her dog leash, guiding her through the door and down a corridor, then up dusty stairs to a larger room she'd not seen before.

It had large double doors which I pushed open, to reveal an old theatre room, most of the original machines removed, but the large lights left, which illuminated a pile of mattresses, covered in plastic sheeting. We had created a bed of sorts which would put Jenna at the right height to easily fuck her while standing up, the bright lights would not only light everything for the multiple cameras but also keep us warm, if not hot. 

The big room still seemed a little claustrophobic, as it contained all the ten men who had signed up to the adventure. And they all stood around in a naked circle, stroking their cocks. 

"Well, what are you waiting for slut? Go taste their cocks!" I urge her, pulling her forward using her lead, knowing the site of all those cocks will have her pussy flowing like the bitch on heat she was.

Jenna sank to her knees in front of the closest anonymous guy, grasping his hot prick in her small hands, treating him to her lapping tongue. She could hear his moans as she sucked the tip, rewarded with his sweet and salty pre-cum. She only had seconds sucking his cock before she was roughly pulled to another larger slab of meat, forced down on it till she choked and gasped for air.

Cock after cock fought for her attention for the next ten minutes, she was surrounded by horny men all wanting to feel her skilled mouth on them. She explored everyone multiple times, lapping at the underside of their swollen cock heads, sucking them deep, sucking on their balls, tongue sometimes finding their puckered arseholes as she rimmed them while wanking their cocks in both hands. Her lipstick was smudged all over her face, which was sticky and wet with pre-cum and her own saliva, which drooled down her chin and streamed down her tits. He cheeks flushed with excitement, and the shame of humiliation as her captors laughed and high-fived each other, openly discussing what a whore she was, and comparing her to other nasty sluts. She had the twisted urge to show them she was the best, the dirtiest slut they'd ever meet, and it made her try to please them all the harder, throwing her head forwards with more effort, forcing cocks down her throat as she gargled and choked them down deep. 

"Hold her!" I shout, breaking the spell. 

Jenna came back to the world as if from a sexual daze, all her senses were overloaded from the smell and feel of cocks, and she was in heaven. She felt hands grab hold of her arms roughly, pulling her to face her master. Someone also grabbed the back of her head by her hair, pulling hard to force her to look up.

Her master held her lipstick, and she watched as he stepped forward, writing something on her forehead, which had those around her laughing. 

"Marked as a slut should be," I laughed, then after writing 'slut' across her head, I put a W and H to the left of her mouth, then the R and E to the other side, leaving her mouth as the O. "And a whore too it seems. Open that dirty mouth slut, and keep it open," I ordered.

Jenna could see a glint in my eye which warned her not to risk my wrath by not complying, which itself made her shiver in anticipation. She opened her mouth wide and looked up into her master's eyes. She could see him come close towards her as if to kiss her, but then suddenly he spat, straight into her mouth, she could feel it land on her tongue. The humiliation and shame burned her cheeks, and to her even bigger shame, her pussy became a river, she couldn't control how much it turned her on, and her body betrayed her, as another guy took her master's place and spat in her face, missing her open mouth. His spit dripped down her as another came forward, egged on by the others laughs, this time adding to the slime in her mouth. 

She heard her master order her not to swallow, so she meekly kneeled there, as one after another they came forward add to the nasty mess, spitting on their submissive cum slut. She shut her eyes as they all stood around and spat, again and again, her eyelids, cheeks, nose, lips and mouth covered in saliva. Her mouth started to fill with their offerings, almost making her gag, so instead, she concentrated in the warmth generating in her cunt, feeling drops running down her thighs even though she had the knickers on.

"Enough!" I barked, enjoying the sight of my slut absolutely covered in a nasty mess. I stepped in close, crouching down next to her so close I could smell the men's pre-cum on her, through the stale piss. "Now swallow it all slut," I whispered to her, reaching down to slide my hand up her dress, to stroke my finger over her wet lace covered pussy, amazed at how wet and hot she obviously was. I watched her struggle to obey and could tell she was almost sick as she took several attempted to swallow it all down, opening her mouth to show me she had succeeded. 

"Good, very good," I praised. "Stand up!"

Jenna got to her feet with her master helping, her head replaying the feeling of all that spit sliding down her throat like the biggest load of cum. She'd never felt so dirty and shamed, and knew she wanted more, wanted to continue to the depths of depravity.

Her master's hands went to the sides of her now saliva soaked shirt, and with a sudden jerk, he ripped it open, buttons going flying. Other hands were suddenly on her, pulling at her skirt, ripping the flimsy material. The sound of ripping material filled the room, her shirt, skirt, and then knickers and bra were ripped from her in a frenzy, and she felt hands on her, lifting and carrying her over to a pile of dirty mattresses, where she was unceremoniously dumped.

Jenna first felt the heat from the theatre lights hit her, then the hands, groping greedy hands all over her, squeezing her breasts, pinching sensitive nipples. She sighed at the feeling of men almost fighting to touch and fondle every inch of her body - fingers sliding into her cunt, more finding her tight arse and forcing their way inside. Others pulled her legs apart opening her, someone forced his fingers into her mouth, which she sucked on greedily. She LOVED being the centre of attention, and eleven horny guys all trying to touch her was the sort of attention she could certainly get used to. 

She could hear herself moan as at least two or three of them tried to finger her cunt, pulling her open wider and wide, then someone spat inside her pussy, the fluid lost in the outpouring of her own juices running down her thighs. She could smell her heat and knew all her hosts could smell her scent too, and would be driven on like animals. Jenna lost count of how many fingers were stuffed in her - her arse felt like it was being ripped open, and she was gagging from fingers exploring her mouth. 

She gasped around the fingers as someone spat on her clit, then started rubbing her in a blur, sending sparks through her already overloaded senses. She could hardly hear the words being hurled at her; "Whore", "Slut", "Fuck pig"... nasty abusive names, which ignited her lust even more. 

As she started to tense, the fingers were pulled from her mouth, letting her pant and call out herself... "FUCK FUCK FUCK... YES YES YES YES..." she screamed, fireworks exploded through her as she arched her back rising off the make-shift bed, a gargled scream ripped from her as she orgasmed, her cunt and arse squeezing the many fingers probing her. 

I watched my slut being manhandled, my cock aching painfully wanting to use her myself. I marvelled at her beauty, especially as she flushed with a strong orgasm... bucking against the hands holding her down. I let her come down a little, and just a little, before I ordered everyone back - I would be first to fuck her pussy, but certainly not the last. 

"Time for me to use the bitch's cunt," I growled, rubbing my cock head against her so slippery cunt, outer lips swollen with excitement and stimulation. I sank balls deep into her with one easy push, her eyes looking into mine as she came back to her senses. For a minute or two the only sounds were from our bodies slapping together as I fucked her hard and raw, her breathing ragged, obscenities slipping from my slutty mouth, urging me to fuck her harder. 

The bed shifted and I looked up to see the brute climbing on, offering his massive cock to my slut's lips. She hardly needed asking as she was obviously in a state of sexual heat, and more cock was exactly what she needed... much more cock. The brute didn't give her chance to just suck him, he held her head and skull-fucked her, using her like a sex toy, ramming his brutal cock down her throat. I slowed down my own efforts, as I intensely watched her put up no resistance to his assault, taking every inch down to his shaved balls. Spit and flem started to collect around his prick, sliding down her face as he rammed back deep making an obscene gargling sound. The slut's eyes watered, tears running down her face as she took his face fucking.

I could last no longer - both the sensations of her fiery cunt and the nasty porn scene in front of me boiled the cum in my aching balls, and with a cry of my own, I spunked deep in her fuck hole, cum pouring into her womb. I stepped back pulling my slimy cock from her, to be replaced quickly by another very willing volunteer.

We could all hear the sound of a soaking cum filled cunt being filled with cock over and over, merging with her guttural grunts and choking sounds as she did her best to swallow a massive cock. Her many watchers stood around, wet leaking cocks in hand, stroking slowly to keep themselves hard, not wanting to cum too soon when it was their time. 

Jenna could tell her mouth abuser was about to cum... his balls pulled tight and his thrusting was much less controlled... so she used her hand to take control, grasping his meaty thickness at the base, and attacked the rest, sucking hard, teasing his balls as she did, milking him for all his cum. She was rewarded with a shower of spunk, filling her mouth with delicious spunk, her stomach rumbling as she realised she'd not eaten, so ravenously swallowed his seed down to her belly, gulp after gulp. He pulled away, over sensitive cock almost painful in her needy mouth.

"Next!" she cried, falling back to the mattress, grinding her pussy against whoever was fucking her. She could feel the cum dripping from her as it was forced out by the new invader.

I watched as Jenna skilfully fucked and sucked another pair until both deposited more spunk in her holes almost simultaneously. Two more stepped forward, but this time they pulled her from the bed, so one could lie on it with his cock sticking up obscenely, then Jenna was lifted by a guy either side and lowered onto the fuck pole, sinking easily onto it with her already well-used spunk filled hole. She obviously knew what was coming - or what she wanted to cum, as she bent forward to kiss her new fuck partner, giving easy access to her rounded bum. Jumping at the chance her other partner mounted the bed, and managed to slide his pre-cum slippery cock straight up her arse. 

Jenna could feel every inch of each cock inside her, both filling her completely, driving her insane with lust. Her body shook with animal intensity as she was double fucked hard, cocks bottoming out with every grunt of her mates. She had used doubled headed dildos on herself before, but this was something mind-blowing. She was aware of movement near her face, and looked up to see a third cock being offered - and with a little difficulty she accepted it into her mouth, body sizzling with the erotic feeling of three hot hard cocks filling her every orifice. 

The room was heavy with sexual tension, and the smell of sex filled the noses of everyone there. The four bodies now grinding and thrusting on the bed all had a sheen of sweat, the hot lights glinting of their bodies. The men grunted with approval as they suck their cocks into the very accommodating slut's holes, all keen to give her the fucking of her life. 

I could see and hear Jenna's orgasms as she was stuffed with cock, they were coming quick and hard, over and over. Guys tagged teamed her, switching places, filling her with cum over and over until she was overflowing. She was now slick with sweat, pouring off her and dripping down. 

During a natural break, after all, ten men had cum at least once, I wondered over to where she lay, panting, legs spread obscenely, her cunt and arse still half gaping open, spunk pouring onto the slippery plastic sheeting.

"How are you doing my slut, do you want more?" I asked her gently, stroking her sweat streaked hair. 

"Yes... yes master," she smiled, coming down off her high of taking multiple cocks. 

"Good, but first, you've made a mess, and it's time to clean it up!" I barked, the moment of tenderness gone as quickly as it came. Jenna squealed as I tightened my grip on her locks, pulling her up and forward, forcing her to quickly change her posture. I brought her face down close to the splattered cum on the plastic sheeting, now smeared with sweat too. "Lick it all up you nasty pig," I command, rubbing her face in the mess roughly to show her I didn't intend to take no for an answer. 

There were chuckles from our audience as she took to her task, sucking noisily at the cum and sweat, putting on a show as she lapped it up, long sexy licks, looking up into the eyes of the men and myself as she did so. 

"Someone fuck this stupid whores arse!" I said, smiling as someone jumped to the task, mounting her in seconds, pummelling her arse pushing her face back down onto the slippery surface. 

"Run out of spunk have you cum eater? Hmm, maybe I can give you something more as you have your arse plundered," I teased, having something nasty in mind. I watched her grunt and push back as her arsehole was stretched open by long deep strokes while pointing my cock at her face and the top of her head. It took some seconds, but then a stream of piss hit her, and her hair was suddenly dripping the golden fluid down around her. 

"Drink it up slut," came the chant, everyone around her wanting to see her suck up my hot salty piss. I admired how fucked up and beautiful she looked, as she lapped up piss while being bum fucked, her face a picture of pleasure - lost in the humiliation of it all.

I pushed my semi-hard cock at her lips, "Clean me slut. Don't miss a drop, suck it from me," and she did, hungry, thirsty for more, sucking like a hoover, cheeks concave from the vacuum she created. "Mmmm fuck, you suck so well, you must have sucked hundreds of cocks in your time," I tell her, knowing she'd love to have achieved such a feat, something with my help may well come true.

I was disturbed form admiring her oral skills by her anal fuck cumming, and cumming loud with a roar, pumping his second load of the day into her bowels. 

"Two more - fuck her cunt... both at the same time, ruin her, rip her open!" I shout, daring two more volunteers to try and use her sopping cunt at the same time. Luckily two such volunteers existed, and were both hard once more - it took a little time to get Jenna into position... but they slowly forced their cocks into her, one... then the other on top, slowly ... so slowly managing to get the head of his cock into her already stuffed pussy. She screamed and her fingers gripped the bed tightly as she felt her twat stretch painfully around two cocks, both now sawing into her, back and forth, ripping her cunt open like nothing she'd felt before. 

Her eyes rolled up in her head, and I watched her almost pass out through the sensations, her body trapped between the two men fucking her, orgasm tremors shaking through her body over and over. She was hardly aware of anything else... so I wanked my own cock and rubbed it over her face and lips for a while as I watched her being used. I put my lips close to her ear, "God you look hot, being fucked by two cocks at once. They are ripping you apart slut, ruining you, you nasty fuck whore,"

With those words she came again, her whole body shuddering, her words inaudible as she hissed and groaned. 

Her vice-like grip tightened on the two cocks, and it triggered an eruption of cum, two cocks spurting inside her, then both pulling out to spurt over her arse, drawing creamy rivers of cum on her. With their cocks withdrawn, Jenna collapsed in a sweaty messy heap back down on her bed, ragged breath coming in gasps from her heaving chest.

While she took a well-earned rest, I silently retrieved a stainless-steel dog bowl we had bought specially. I winked at my fellow conspirators, and I placed it before her. 

