 Mike didn't get to play with Penny's buttons the next day. I turned up with him in the car to pick up the girls and found Penny looking pale and haggard. Jill helped her into the car, and said "Penny's house, and take it easy, no jolts."

The word 'cramps' was the reply to my enquiry. Mike put an arm round her shoulders, and Penny cried. 

At her house Penny was sent to bed by Jill, who went up with her, leaving me to boil a kettle, and Mike to kick his heels. A hot water bottle and aspirin were prepared, and Jill told us to find something to do. We took over the dining table to do our homework, when she retreated up stairs again. 

An hour later Penny's father arrived home, somewhat surprised to find us, and sort of grumpily grateful that we had brought his poorly daughter home and that Jill was caring for her. He was even a little impressed that Mike and I were doing our Physics calculations. 

Jill came down when she heard Penny's father talking to us. She explained what was up, and that Penny was now sleeping, and we packed up and left. We dropped Mike home, with the news that Penny would not be able to see him until Wednesday, as there was a special school event the next day for French students. 

When we dropped Mike off Jill told me the real story. "We are picking up Penny tomorrow and taking her to her GP in Bangor. I'm going in with her. Mike is not to be told. I talked to her and told her I was on The Pill, and if she was on it her periods would be easier. And we talked about sex. She is all confused. She is having a great time with Mike, but she feels guilty and she doesn't know if she loves him or he loves her. So we talked and she decided she doesn't want Mike to know because might give him ideas."

"Mike already has ideas." 

Jill laughed at that, but said seriously "But he doesn't know she's going on the pill, so that will slow him down. She will tell him if and when she is ready. But she doesn't want him to think that it is an invitation right now to have sex. She really has a lot of trouble with that idea. She isn't quite comfortable with what Mike did yesterday. She knows he touched her outer lips and brushed her hair. She is a bit freaked. I had to tell her I let you do that, and more, and I didn't think it was wrong. We had agreed that we might put our hands down your trousers and might let you guys take our knickers off last night, but today she is back tracking. Of course the fact she thinks her body is disgusting and the whole thing hurts does not help. But she will come round. But I promised, no telling Mike. Actually I promised no telling anyone, but I tell you everything, so you don't count in that promise."

"Okay, and your promise is mine, so no problem, we don't tell anyone else. "

She kissed me and said "Thank you."

Then she kissed me again, more firmly. When she broke off she had dilated pupils and her voice was low. "Would Mike mind if we went inside, alone. I need you."

I didn't think he would object, but we had only half an hour or so before we would have to leave. "That's enough." she said. 

She brought her bag, and hardly blushed as she made for the stairs. I followed quickly, leaving a leering Mike in my wake. The moment we were in the bedroom she threw the towel she had been getting from the bag onto the bed and started to undo her skirt. She pushed it, her tights and knickers of in one movement, and began undoing her cuffs and collar and tie. I was peeling off my shirt and jumper first, and levering my shoes off. As she drew off her top and then reached behind her to undo her bra I pushed down my trousers and pants, and took my socks as well. I stood up just as she shook her breasts free of her bra and dropped the stood naked before me. I whistled. She posed for a moment with her hands in her hair, and then threw herself back on the bed, legs open, arms stretched out to me saying "Come and take me Sean, I need you to make me a woman again."

From her finely pointed toes to the tousled mane around her head, Jill was simply mouthwatering. I took half a second to sweep my eyes over her slim calves and thighs, the rounded lips and mons with their silken covering, her smooth stomach , the hint of her ribs swelling up to those perfect pink nipples set on the soft curves of her breasts, her face, glowing with smiling desire, her oh so kissable lips. 

I stepped froward to stand between her feet were they stuck out over the bed, and placed my hands on her ankles. I lifted them a little wider and pushed them up so her knees raised an parted further, and her pretty secret folds were fully revealed to me sight. I had to kiss her there and then. I had to taste her. It had been days, and I missed it.

Jill spread her thighs further as I climbed onto the bed, and raised her legs as my mouth descended to kiss her pussy. I ran my nose up the line of her slit, onto her mound, savouring her smell, before pushing my tongue out to run it back down, over the hair, into the fold, opening her up, drawing in her sticky sweetness, pressing into the inner folds of her body, drinking the essence of her sex. Her guttural sigh and the hand that clawed in my hair told me that what I was doing was pleasing, but she wanted something more. I moved swiftly to give it to her.

My lips brushed her nipple on the way past, and I plunged my tongue into her waiting mouth as my cock head pressed against her waiting pussy, the head popped in, making her jump and gasp and wriggle, and then her hands on my backside grasped and pulled and she thrust against me and I sank to my full length and depth in her velvet warmth. Jill moaned ""Oh, Sean, Oh god I wanted this"

My already hard cock swelled further, and I had to restrain myself from just ravishing her in a frenzy. But not for long. Her hips began to rock, her hands on my ass and back pulled me hard to her, her breathing sped up and between gasps her tongue darted in and out of my mouth at an increasing pace, she was flushed, and wild, and wanton and beautiful, and we both let go, a mad thrashing rocking clasping grunting and sighing, mutually fast and hard and deep, lovemaking of the freest and purest sort. She came, and came again and I came and she held me wrapped in her arms and legs as I buried my face in her neck and my cock in her body, and pumped my seed deep in her, and felt her glorious skin against me, smelling her hair, her sweat her sex, her come and mine, her sweet breath and her salty tears as she wept with emotion. I kissed her then, tasting her tears and her mouth, telling her I loved her, listening to her whisper her love, her hopes and dreams. 

It was a horrible wrench to have to break apart, to hear the watch beeping our fate, to help her dress, kissing her bush and nipples before they were covered again, her giving my cock a loving peck as drew my pants up, I kissed her toes before she put on her tights, and we helped each other adjust out ties and hair. We went downstairs, and she brightly thanked Mike, and said "See you Wednesday."

He grinned. Mike always grinned.

I worked on the MG that night. It was March, bitter cold, snow still lying, but I dreamed of June, with the top down, a warm evening parked by a beach, and Jill making love with me on the red leather seats. 

The following day Mike grumped a bit when I said I was picking up Jill and we were going to town. He said cheekily "Could you not come over for a game of snooker?" 

I shrugged "Going shopping with girls is the price we pay for Snooker. And remember, tomorrow we are all going for coffee, so no making big plans for then either. Penny won't want more than kiss out of you until Saturday probably. But Jill is making plans for Saturday, so just tie a knot in it until then."

The two girls sat in the back of the car together. At the Health Centre I once more did maths problems in the car, and when the girls came back out we went for coffee in a hotel down at the harbour. They hadn't built the marina then, so you could still see the sea. It was grey and windy and bitterly cold, and Penny was still pale.

We talked about France, where she holidayed every year with her parents. Her mother was French, and they spent the whole summer there every year. But now she was eighteen, and had a boyfriend so she wondered if she wanted to spend two months with her mum and dad, when instead she could be at home, on her own in an empty house with Mike, and us of course. She knew her parents wouldn't be happy about that. Not just that their little girl didn't want to spend time with them, but also the idea of her being unsupervised and having a boy about and the bedroom being just up stairs... But maybe if Jill was going to stay with her? 

Or maybe, since they were both going to University (if the exam results worked out) they should look for a flat together. They would have to move in in August maybe, so she could spend a few weeks with her parents in France and then come back. And if they had a flat together then we, the boys, could visit...

Jill looked at me. I shrugged. Penny didn't know of my plan to buy a house and rent out rooms to other students. She also didn't know that Jill fancied her and wanted her to join us in bed, or that we had set her up with Mike because he had a strong kink towards group sex and was keen to share her, or any other girl he got. It was getting complicated though. 

I had thought that if we helped Mike seduce her, and we helped her to dump him, Mike could go off and meet Tara, who was in another life his long term girlfriend, mother of his children and indulged him in every way. I felt it was important that he meet Tara, but that had to happen later this year, as I knew that he met her at the house warming party run by a friend of mine for when he moved out to go to University. 

Now Penny seemed to making plans for a future with Mike. Which I know was in her nature. In life version one she and I had gone out together for years, and she had talked of us marrying, although gradually, once she discovered her penchant for swinging, voyeurism, exhibitionism and a hefty submissive streak, she drifted away from that, and from me. She allowed herself to become the 'pet' of a dominatrix, and moved away to be with her when she got a job in England. 

This second time round I was changing my life, doing things differently because I had the knowledge and experience of life from the first time. I was not a lazy and confused teenage boy, but a hardworking and savvy young man with money and the knowledge of how to make it work for me. But my choices were affecting other people's lives. Jill had never slept with me 'then' Penny had been my first girlfriend, not Mike's, and we had taken months and years to overcome our religiously blighted cultural backgrounds and find out about our own needs desires and preferences. Guilt and ignorance had driven us. Now knowledge, confidence and determination were overcoming those obstacles, and I had changed Jill's life, and Penny's and Mike's, as well as my own.

But the choices other people made were their own in this life as well as the other. While I had decided to conspire with Jill and Mike to seduce (corrupt?) Penny, I had not really thought of the long term consequences for her, and that was beginning to worry me. I had once loved her very much, and still held a fondness for her. I didn't want to see her hurt. What would become of Penny if she stayed with Mike? What would Tara do? Okay, you can't live other people's lives for them, but I could (and had) made a huge difference to them.

Then again, knowing how she had been liberated and changed by Penny developing sexual confidence in a previous life, I could expect similar changes now, and perhaps facilitate them. Jill fancied Penny. Penny had the potential to become a submissive pet for a dominatrix. I did not think Jill had that streak in her, but with my help... There was potential here. 

So after I shrugged I said "That might be a good plan, I'll help you guys in house hunting. I'm looking for somewhere myself."

Penny looked at me then, and said "I'm not sure that my father would approve of me living in a house with you and Mike as well. I mean, If Jill and I had a flat you guys might stay over sometimes, but I don't think I want to start planning on living together with him."

"No problem, Penny, just we can all look together. You might see somewhere that suits you that wouldn't be my choice, and vice versa. But since I have the car, it makes sense to combine efforts."

So we talked about house hunting, and agreed that after the exams would be best. Then Jill and I dropped her home, and Penny hugged Jill and said 'Thank you for being such a good friend.'

In the car Jill said. "That was a nice hug. You know she nearly kissed me there. I get the feeling that Penny is starting to smoulder."

"You look pretty hot yourself," I said. "I think we ought to do some house hunting before Easter. I have to get it set up and purchased. How do you feel about sharing a house with Penny?"

Jill thought about it. "With Mike? Her folks won't like that."

"I don't think he'll be with her by September. Seriously, this thing with him isn't forever. But we will be there for her." I shrugged. 

"You know how I feel about her, Sean. And I know you agree that she is attractive, and you would be happy to take her to bed with me. I was just wondering though, would you be happy to take her to bed without me?" Jill said with a touch of worry in her voice. 

"Jill, there is an obvious answer to that which doesn't answer your real question. I am absolutely certain any man could have a very happy time in bed with Penny. But I know I don't and won't want her rather than you as my partner in life, as well as bed. You are smarter, nicer, kindlier and more joyous, and every day I can't believe I am lucky enough to be able to see you and talk to you. Now penny is nice enough, but not as smart, and not as all round generally wonderful, and she may have a wee bit of a fancy for me, and me for her, but it isn't the same. Yes I would be happy to take her to bed, but so would you, I think. I believe you could have a very nice time in bed with her, without me, but you don't want just her, do you?"

Jill instantly answered "No."

"Ok. Now can you imagine if the three of us were in bed, and I was just watching you two, would you have fun then? Yes, I can see you would. So would you mind if she and I had sex together with you beside us?"

Again Jill's answer was instant. "I would love to see you both do that. It is so hot to see her with Mike, but with you, oh that would be something."

"You don't think Mike is sexy?"

Jill looked at me seriously "You mean 'do I want to have sex with Mike,' don't you?"

I shrugged. "Yeah, I suppose I do."

"I don't know. If you had asked me last week I would have said 'No way'. But he is quite handsome. And he is nice with Penny. But I think you are right about him and Penny. He is only after one thing, and if he gets it he might not hang around even if she keeps giving it. And I'm sure if I went round to his place now on my own he would do it with me and never think of her. Or you."

"True." I said, but waited for her to go on. 

"Which might be fun, but I don't think it would be that much fun. I love you Sean. That's why it's fun. Even the first time. I loved you then."

"And I loved you, and do."

"It makes me a bit sad about Penny." Jill said, sincerely. 

"Yes. Sad and guilty. Which is not good." I agreed. 

"She should have someone who loves her for her first time. Or at least someone who cares. Like you."

"Me?" I said surprised. 

"You care. You love her, not like me, but, well, I don't know. You talk about her in a different way. Not like the other girls. And I know she fancies you. Maybe..."

I prompted her to go on, "Maybe?"

"Maybe we should arrange for you to have her first." She made a little unsure head movement, and went on "Without Mike. Although he might be annoyed."

"Tough. But are you sure? About her and me, and you? I mean, every boy's fantasy is three in a bed, but ..."

"Sean, we can share her, I can share you with her, you can share me with her. I think we could even live together. I mean, she's almost French, a ménage a trois is almost de reiguer."

"Okay." I said and paused for thought, "Okay. But if we end up with her living in our house I want her to feel equal in at least some things. I mean, I can't feel for her as I do for you, and she will know that, so our relationship will always be skewed. If she is living with us in September, but it is in my house, or our house, that makes her a guest. Also, as you know, I don't like talking about my money with other people. It skews things. I don't want people to know I own the house. So, how about we pick a house to buy, and then we pretend to rent it. Penny can come in and pay her way, and feel it is her home, not just ours. But I don't want to take advantage of her by that. We can put her rent money in a savings account and give it back to her some time in the future."

"And mine. My parents are expecting me to rent a place. We can save it. Although your plan was to buy and rent out rooms and you make that money - which is only fair. You have earned the money to buy that house through hard work, and you could invest that money in something else that would make a lot more money. You should get the rent, and I'm not paying rent by sleeping with you." Jill smiled to take the sting out of that. 

"Hmmm. Good point. I'm letting my business head get cloudy. Ok fair rent is fair. But that still leaves us with the problem of how do we slow down Mike, and sideline him?"

Jill shrugged. "Slowing is easy, I talk Penny out of going further. Which might also sideline him. Or we set him up with another girl. Another one you fancy?"

I laughed. "You mean 'we' fancy? Yeah. That would work for him, but how to make it so she isn't too upset."

"Oh she'll be upset, but if we play it right we can comfort her in the nicest way," said Jill. 

"You know that sounds devious and manipulative?"

"Yes, but it is for her own good." Jill said with conviction. 

We kissed a little on her doorstep as I dropped her off, and arranged the following afternoon. 

Wednesday was not a good day. It rained, sleeted and blew. The girls were damp and frozen when we got there, traffic had been crawling. 

Coffees were drunk, talk flowed, I offered to drop Penny home as it was no weather to walk to or from the train, but time constraints meant I had to drop Mike and Jill first. 

It was the first time I had really spoken to Penny by herself. At first it was chit chat. Then when we had drawn up outside her house she suddenly said. "Sean, tell me honestly, do you think Mike loves me?"

I was a bit taken aback, but stalled, saying, "Has he said he does?"

"No."

"Well it is a big thing to say."

She sounded uncertain, but said "I don't think he does. He fancies me, that's obvious, and he likes me well enough, but really I think he is only after my body."

"Well, I can't blame him, it is a nice body." I said lightly. 

She made a little snort, a rather cute sound I had forgotten. "Thank you, Sean, but that's not the point. I've seen you with Jill. No I don't mean just like the other day when you two were making out, I mean, well like today. The way you look after her. You got her coffee, you touch her hand, you look at her. It's not like that with Mike."

"Well, everyone is different. I mean, I've noticed that you don't like him kissing you in public." 

Penny looked at me, and said "Yes. You kiss Jill, but the way you do it isn't the same. I wouldn't mind you kissing me in public."

I hesitated. 

"You mean you wouldn't mind Mike kissing you in public if he kissed you the way I kiss Jill?"

She gave me a look I recognised as her 'naughty girl' look - head slightly down, eyebrows raised. "No."
