 The girl beneath me was slick with baby oil and sweet sweat. Her soft skin and smooth muscles rippled as she flexed and drove herself back against me, impaling herself deeply on my cock, driving her own breath from her mouth in grunts and sighs. I could tell that her own climax was within reach, and I urged her on. "Come for me darling, come for me, I want to feel you come on my cock, come with me inside you."

She moaned and thrust back harder, faster, deeper, faster again, and then hardest of all, staying put with my cock filling her up as her body clenched me and she shook and cried out. 

I looked down and smiled at her as she collapsed in front of me, gasping for breath, glistening and naked. A few weeks ago she was a virgin schoolgirl, never been kissed. Now she was a writhing wanton woman, who would demand I take her again, and come in her pussy, or her mouth, once she had breath to voice it. She was beautiful. And mine. 

I bent to kiss the small of her back, and run my hands over her beautiful bottom, pulling her cheeks apart to see her sweet sex and the little puckered secret spot just above it. Then I moved to lie on top of her, my still hard cock between her buttocks, the tip against her pussy lips, pressing them open as I nuzzled her neck and whispered "Beautiful," in her ear. 

We were on my bed in my parent's house. They were collecting my grandmother from the airport, and would be bringing her back for lunch, so we had perhaps an hour at most to be dressed and innocent looking. She moved her hips in a less than innocent fashion, pushing up against me, making me open her up and slide inside her. 

I tried to kiss her mouth, but the angle was wrong. There was a flurry of movement and we slid around each other, and she was on her back, with me between her legs, drawing me into her body as we kissed. 

She sighed and her body rose to meet me "Oh, god, oh my wonderful man," she said, with her eyes closed and head thrown back, and I kissed the hollow by her throat. 

"My beautiful woman, I love you, Jill, I love you and I love your body, and I love to be here with you," I said as I thrust into her and held myself deep in her warm and tight embrace. 

She looked up at me and her smiling eyes melted my heart and hardened my cock as she said "My handsome man, make me your woman. Take me and come inside me and make me yours, oh Sean, I'm yours and I want you, oh yes, like that, oh make me your woman again, oh god!"

I crushed her lips with mine and our bodies followed in the dance, and I flowed into her, coming in her, claiming her as she clung to me, her hips twitching as her second climax burst upon her. 

We nuzzled and kissed and hugged, and reluctantly got up, and I helped her dry herself after the fastest shower in history, and checked her dress wasn't crumpled and her hair was perfect, and we went downstairs with five minutes to spare before Grandma came through the door. 

My grandmother was a fantastic character. Not the way a granny 'ought' to be. She wore a fur coat whenever possible (she had several, all presents from different admirers in her youth) she had married very young and had my father and then a divorce in swift succession, and returned to her career on the stage. She once hitch-hiked across the Atlantic on a tramp steamer, which wasn't licenced for passengers so she was signed on as "Entertainments Officer." And she was fierce. She would argue with anyone and always got her way. I loved her. 

Jill was a bit nervous, but looked stunningly sweet and pretty, and played Grandma like a piano. She admired her coat, agreed with everything except the most outrageous nonsense, when she didn't argue but just firmly stuck to her point and sidled the conversation onto something else, and was generally charming. As she left Grandma squeezed my hand and said "I like that girl. If it weren't for the fact that nothing is too good for my favourite grandson (she referred to all of her grandchildren as her favourites) I might wonder if you were good enough for her."

"I often wonder it myself." I agreed. 

When we were alone again Jill laughed. "You said she was a wild and wicked old woman, but I never expected that!"

"Why? I didn't think she was too outrageous today."

"When you cleared the table after lunch, we were left together for about two minutes. As soon as we were alone she turned to me and said 'I hope Sean is as good in bed as you deserve. I went through a husband and three lovers before I had an orgasm you know. Don't let him be lazy. If he doesn't know how to do it for you, teach him or find another. You are far too pretty to not have a good time. Are you having a good time?'"

I laughed. "What did you say?"

"I looked her straight in the eye and said 'Actually, I was having a very good time this morning just before you arrived. Sean is very good, and very generous in bed. But thank you for the compliment and your concern. Are you getting any orgasms these days?'"

"You didn't!" I said, shocked.

She smirked. "I bloody did. I thought she was going to die laughing. She almost cackled. She punched me on the arm and just laughed for a bit and then she recovered and said, very po faced, 'Sadly, no. It has been some years' and then she was all serious and said 'I thought you had a healthy glow about you when I arrived. Enjoy it while you can girl. Don't let the god-botherers and prudes put you off. Plenty of time for celibacy when you're seventy.'"

"Good god." I said. "Really? I shouldn't be surprised, but even so!"

Jill smiled shyly at me. "She's funny. And nice, under all that front. I like her. I'm glad she liked me."

"Darling, Jill. Everyone likes you. And I love you. Now we have to get you home, it's a school night, and I won't risk annoying your folks. Not after last Wednesday."

"True" said Jill, and she cringed at the thought. 

So I dropped her home, with a kiss on the doorstep, and she called me her handsome man, and I whispered my love to my beautiful woman, and went on my way smiling. 

I was smiling for all sorts of reasons. One was because of my amusement at what happened on the Wednesday before. It was funny, in retrospect.

Jill and I had just spent an unbelievably wonderful weekend seducing her friend Penny and introducing her to the joys of troilism, tribadism and heterosexual coupling. Or tripling. I had used every ounce of my knowledge about Penny, and women generally, and sex and seduction, gained over fifty years of living this life in a previous version. It had been ridiculously simple. It was true. 'If I knew then what I know now..' things would be very different.

Imagine if you found yourself in just that position. You could go back and do it again, knowing what you know now. You would know things about people and events and places. You could change things, not make those old mistakes. Do it better.

So, if I was back there, 'Then,' I would do it differently, and have a different life to look back on from this lofty perch of old age...

For instance, I would know that my grandmother would die in about ten years time from a stroke, and I would be determined to see more of her this time round. I would know the winner of the Gran National this year (1980), and the pitfalls (and opportunities) of the dot com boom in the 90's and the value of gold a decade in the future. 

'Then' (Life version one -- the trial run, as it were) Penny had been my girlfriend, and Jill was an unrequited love. 'Now' I had chosen Jill, and with my knowledge of Penny's bi-sexual and submissive tendencies, which in our former life had lead to us breaking up, I had instead brought her into a ménage a trois. 

The girls had come to an arrangement. Penny had a crush on Jill (something I had suspected first time round) as well as me, and Jill had quickly discovered how much fun another girl can be, so sharing me was mutually acceptable. Jill had chess club on Thursday's, Penny was caught up with drama on Wednesday's, so they agreed that each could see me alone during that time and the rest of the time was for the three of us. 

So after our tumultuous and exhausting weekend of self indulgence, we had spent some of Monday afternoon trawling around estate agents, the girls looking for rentals, me making discrete eyes at the for sale section. Tuesday, we had coffee and arranged lists of places to see on Friday. So eventually, we got to Wednesday. I had Jill to myself, and her mother was out shopping with a friend, so her house was empty. 

Or so we thought. 

We were in the family room, on the sofa. Well. More precisely, I was on the sofa, Jill was kneeling on the floor. We heard the front door closing and her mother's voice call out "Jill, I'm home, would you and Sean like a cup of tea? I'm just putting the kettle on."

Jill and I looked at each other and began a scramble for clothes as Jill called back "Yes please, I'll come and give you a hand in a minute."

Fortunately she was still wearing her skirt and everything below it, and I had only to pull up my pants and trousers and tuck my shirt in, but it was a situation that raised adrenaline and blushes. While Jill helped with the tea I set up a fake chess game, and we had an excruciating half hour with her mum sitting with us in the family room, explaining that her friend had felt ill and gone home early, and wanting to know how I was getting on at school. It was quite clear that she knew we had been doing more than playing chess, and she did not approve.

She left us alone for a few minutes before I had to go home, and Jill instantly curled around me and gave me a kiss so soft and gentle that it would have melted steel. She looked in my eyes afterwards and whispered "Don't worry about mum, I'll handle her. We have the rest of our lives to make love, and I am looking forward to that, but I'm so sorry we didn't have a chance today."

I left with a glow. 

After chess club on Thursday (during which Penny and I had a long talk and a short but lovely exchange of kisses in the park) we met up with Jill, who told us of the conversation she had with her mother after I left. 

Her mum had been pretty decent - she'd guessed we had been 'petting' when she arrived, which was why she gave us warning that she was home and let us alone so we would be able to 'fix our hair.' She was a bit concerned though. She said it was 'only to be expected' but that Jill 'shouldn't take such risks'. Jill then laughed and quoted her mum as saying "I don't mind you having Sean over when you have another girl with you, like Penny last week. He won't be tempted then to try to take advantage. Not that I'm saying that he would, you know I like him and he is a nice boy, but even nice boys and girls can sometimes get carried away."

I wondered what her mother would have thought as Jill kissed Penny goodbye later on, and handed her over to me, considerably rumpled and turned on, to do the same. As for the discussion of what the three of us would do on Friday at her house... well, lets just say that the idea of flat hunting was abandoned.

Friday afternoon was hotly anticipated. I picked up both girls, who got in the back of the car together. It was ten minutes drive to Jill's house. By that time neither had any underwear on and their ties, coats, blazers and scarves were bundled up. Blouses were buttoned, but not with many fastened, and shoes had been slipped back on but not tied. Both had flushed faces from the long kiss they shared, and from the way they sat in the back with their legs open, skirts pulled up, trying to let me see them in the mirror, as they stroked each other gently. 

I had hardly closed the door begin us when Jill fell upon me and started pulling at my belt, and Penny began undoing my shirt and tie. Between fierce kisses she said "Now just remember Sean, because I'm here you won't be tempted to take advantage of Jill, now will you?"

I couldn't reply. Jill had grasped my cock and plunged it into her mouth, the warm, wet suction dragging the breath out of me. Penny chuckled, a deep dirty laugh, and kissed me deeply as she pulled my shirt off. 

I was leaning against the newel post at the bottom of the stairs, gripping onto the bannister with one hand as Jill brought me to the edge of orgasm and Penny stripped the rest of my clothes. "I'll come if you keep that up!" I gasped. 

Jill grinned and kept it up. 

"Oh god I'm coming!" I cried, as Penny pressed her face beside Jill, and kissed my shaft. The first jet was into my fiancée's mouth, the second into our girlfriend's. They shared the next few as I started to slump to the floor, and they kept on sucking me and wanking me as I groaned and jumped with every stroke. 

In the end I was left naked and spent on the hall carpet, as the two girls shared a deep, long kiss over my prone body. When they broke off they looked down at me, smiling. "Oh dear," said Penny, "have we broken him?"

Jill laughed. "He'll get his breath back in a moment. Then he can join us in the bedroom."

She kissed her fingertip and touched it to my lips, then pulled Penny up and led her up the stairs, saying "Don't be long. And you'd better collect all your clothes."

Five minutes later I was in the bedroom watching the two naked girls embracing and kissing on the bed. They were beautiful together. I pulled out the stool from the dressing table and sat on it, and admired the display of soft flesh and passion. 

I adored Jill's light brown hair, pale skin and flashing green eyes, her cheeks and lips red with desire, her small pink nipples hard and darkened with hot blood, her long thin limbs, round bottom and breasts, delicate fingers and toes, smooth flat stomach and muscular back. 

I lusted after Penny's darker flesh, her Mediterranean ancestry showing in her honey skin, black hair, brown eyes and nipples. She was shorter, rounder, softer, generously curved and generous with it. Her hands caressed Jill's breasts as Jill stroked Penny's back, her lips sucked the pink nipples into hard points and her fingers opened up the pale pink folds of Jill's pussy. Penny's lips found a path over Jill's navel to the soft-haired mound below, and further down to the clitoris and the deep opening that her fingers had discovered. Her tanned cheek with the little dark mole, a beauty spot, rested on Jill's palest flesh at the top of her inner thigh, and her tongue tasted the forbidden fruit. 

Jill sighed and cooed, and whispered her joy and love for her lovely girl. She writhed and sighed, and rested her hand on Penny's head and slowly became louder and sharper and higher pitched in her breathing and her cries, and I watched as her eyes closed and her head went back and she bit her lower lip, and her body tightened and then with a great sigh she went loose and shook. And Penny crawled back up over her, drawing two lines of fire with her nipples across Jill's skin, and took her mouth to share the taste of her coming. 

They kissed for an age, and Jill began to respond again, to hug and caress Penny. I saw her hand run down over Penny's heavy breasts and her soft stomach and move with outstretched finger into the dark patch of hair that covered her pussy, and on into the unseen place between her thighs, and Penny's back arched as she was penetrated. 

Hips and hand and lips and breasts all moved in synchrony as Jill brought her lover to pleasure. I expected to watch her make Penny come, but as I sat with eyes wide and cock upright, Jill beckoned to me with her free hand. I stood and stepped to the bedside, and Jill took my cock and pulled it, and me, towards Penny's hip. I understood, and moved up onto the bed, between Jill's knees and Penny's ankles, and let my cock touch the back of Jill's hand. She took it, and began to rub it up and down Penny's slit, coating me with her arousal. Then I pressed forward, opening her up, filling her up, taking her for only the fourth time in her life, with the only cock she had ever felt inside her. 

I loved looking down at her as she pushed herself back on me, and I heard her make a noise in her throat that spoke of satisfaction, desire, longing and lust and fulfilment. And then she gasped, and I felt her body clench around my cock, as Jill began to rub her clitoris and squeeze her nipples and suck on her tongue and demand her attention, her orgasm, her utter surrender. 

Penny gave it all. I hardly moved except when the tension in my legs demanded it. I just held her hips and kept pressed deep into her, and enjoyed the waves of vibration from Jill's fast fingers and the responding spasms of Penny's body. 

It was wonderful, but frustrating. To be inside her as she came felt fantastic, and seemed a privilege, but it left me wanting more, especially when Penny fell forward onto Jill, pulling off me, and gasping for Jill to stop, and just hold her. 

I wanted to plunge back into her, pull her firm round ass cheeks apart to reveal her dark hair-fringed slit and just sink into the warm depth of her tight body, squeeze all of me inside her, shaft her and take her again and again, come in her, forcing myself hard against her back, gripping her to me, squeezing the breath from her as I filled her. 

But better yet, there beneath her was Jill, naked, pale skin and light brown bush, pink folds of wet pussy, smooth thighs parting at my touch, legs lifting, pussy tilting up to meet my cock as I leaned forward, sliding in smoothly, Penny's slippery juices mixing with her own, taking me all the way into her tight and soon pulsing passage. Jill was hugging Penny, and sucking her nipples, but as my movements became larger and faster and I had to lean my weight on Penny's back, Penny moved away, lying beside us and kissing Jill as I lay on top of her, and was able to enjoy the full length of her supple body. 

I took possession of Jill. Penny leaned back to watch us, and stoked my back and pushed down on me as I pushed into her friend. Penny took Jill's hand, but I was focussed on Jill, how her body felt beneath me, around me, in my hands and on my lips, her legs and arms against mine, her breasts on my chest, her tongue in my mouth. I heard her breathing become shallow and then her gasps become deep, her throat straining and little grunts and sighs indicating her arousal. I wanted her to come, but I was fast approaching my own climax, and her writhing beneath me was giving me no option. I threw my head back and sucked in air, and roared as I felt that tension in my balls reach the point of explosion, and I pumped my come into her, crying to a god I don't believe in, calling her name that I adored, professing a love that was certain and as hot as our sweat-slick flesh.

It sent her over the edge. She grasped my waist, her hips pulsed her pussy against me, and she told me she was coming, and she loved me, and that I was her handsome man. I felt her grip me tight inside her and her thighs lock on me as she cried out and her back arched and her beautiful face was crumpled in ecstatic agony, and my cock was squeezed in waves of pleasure as she jerked beneath me, impaling herself on me. 

As she relaxed and went soft and lay with eyes closed and lips parted, breathing deeply, I kissed her and stroked her, and kissed Penny, and said "Isn't she beautiful when she comes?"

Penny smiled and replied in a soft low voice filled with love "She's always beautiful. But yes, it is wonderful to see her doing that."

Jill pulled her to kiss her, and my watch went 'beep'. 

I groaned. Jill kept kissing Penny. I pulled out of Jill, my soft cock feeling cold as it was exposed to the air again. "We had best get dressed." I said, reluctantly. 

Jill looked up at me. "You dress, go downstairs, we'll not be long, but if Mum arrives say we are getting changed, ready to go out."

So I rose and dressed, and watched them kissing. Penny went down to lick Jill out, drinking my come and her wetness, and drawing my fiancée to another orgasm, as they moved into a sixty-nine, Penny on top, as I went out the door. 
