 Chapter 1

19 year old Michael looked around the house, there were boxes everywhere. He was officially moved in; now all he had to do was unpack. He collapsed against the couch and rested his head on the back of it. It was over, the funeral, the tears, all of it. This was a chance to start over. He had left everything behind. He opened his eyes and looked around, so if this was a new beginning, why did he feel like he left unfinished business behind?

He closed his eyes and saw Amber, the woman he had promised to marry since they were freshman in high school. They dated all four years and he had even given her a promise ring. After graduation, he had taken her home with the plan to finally make her his. Then he had got to the house and seen his childhood home engulfed in flames. He had run to the front door but it was burning hot. He used his cell phone to call the fire department but it was too late. His parents and little brother had been trapped inside when the fire started. None of them got out alive.

Even now, six months later he blamed himself. He had no business going out with Amber when his parents needed him at home. His mother was still recovering from her stroke. She had no business cooking. She had left a hand towel next to the stove that had caught, and then it was a free for all from there. It was an old house and it had gone up quick.

His parents and brother were in the dining room eating dinner when the flames over took them. They had died from third degree burns and smoke inhalation. They had tried to get to the front door but the fire had spread so fast that it was blocked by the time they reached it. The fire department found them locked together, as if they had all clung to each other as the house burned around them.

Amber had told him how sorry she was and tried to get him to move in with her and her parents, but Michael had pushed her away. He blamed her as much as he blamed himself. If she hadn't been so hot to trot to get into his pants, then he would have been home where he belonged. Michael sighed as tears stung his eyes. It had been six months and it still hurt. At the funeral Amber had tried again to get him to come home with her. Telling him he promised to marry her, that they were going to have a good life together. 

He stood there in the falling rain as his family was laid to rest and looked at her, really looked at her. Amber was a knockout, 5'7", petite with dishwater blonde hair and ice blue eyes. She had perfect round tits that pressed against her dress as she looked up at him. There was hunger in her eyes and Michael just turned away, he didn't understand what he ever saw in her. She didn't care that he had just lost everything that mattered to him. All she wanted was a ring on her finger and a bunch of brats hanging onto her apron strings.

"I'm leaving Amber," he had said pushing her away from him.

She had gone wild, tears running down her cheeks and clawing at him. "You can't leave," She had screamed not caring who heard. "You promised to marry me. We are supposed to have a life together. You promised."

He had headed for his car, leaving her screaming at his parent's grave as he drove away and went home and started to pack what little he had left. He had stayed for the reading of his parents wills and found out they had left a nice little nest egg for him and his brother. It turned out his parents were quite wealthy, not that Michael really cared about the money, but he knew it would help wherever he ended up.

He wouldn't get the lions share until he was 21, but he had gotten a good allowance so to speak. Once that was done, he had gotten into his car and left, not looking back.

Michael spent the next six months traveling the country. Sleeping in his car and eating cheap in order to make the money last. He knew he would get a monthly allowance for expenses once he settled somewhere and notified the lawyer, but he had no idea where that was.

Now here he was six months and 2500 miles away from Aurora, Oregon. He was in a small town in Oklahoma. He had been driving through not sure where he was going when he saw the little house with the for sale sign in the front yard. It looked more like a cottage with a white picket fence and perfect windows that showed off the front of the house. He had stopped and looked in the windows. From what he could see, it had been abandoned for a long time and needed a little tlc. He had called the number on the sign and the real estate agent had agreed to meet him at the house.

Once he had gone inside he fell in love with it. It was small, just like it seemed from the outside but perfect. It had two bedrooms, with a bathroom connecting the two. A small kitchen with a breakfast nook off the side of it and a huge fenced in back yard. There was a small dining room that was off the living room which wasn't that big but it suited his needs. He gave the real estate agent the down payment with what he had left and promised to have his lawyer send her the monthly payments from his inheritance.

He had gotten a hotel room for the night after the real estate agent left and he called his lawyer and told him what was going on. Mark agreed to pay the rent on the house and send Michael whatever was left over out of his allowance to live on. He knew he wouldn't be wealthy every month, but he would survive. He thought about looking into a part time job just for something to do, but as small towns go, this one didn't have much to offer. There was a grocery store, a gas station, a mechanics shop and a post office. That was it. It really was a small town. He noticed when he drove through it only had a population of 1200 people.

Michael didn't have much left after making the down payment but he had gone to the next town over and gotten a few pieces of furniture to fill the house. Primarily a couch, a bed and a nightstand. He picked up a bookcase to put his few books in and called it good. He bought enough groceries to keep him going for a while and dishes and pots and pans so he could cook and not have to go out every night.

Once he was set, he pulled the few boxes out of the back of his car and carried them into the house. Now he sat on the couch and looked around. He didn't have much but what he did have was his and no one was going to take it away from him.

He looked at his watch and sighed. It was only a little after 8 but he was exhausted. He headed for the bathroom after he locked up. He was going to take a hot shower then call it a night. He let the water cascade over him as he stared out the bathroom window. There seemed to be a party going on next door. People were laughing and talking in the backyard. "Must be nice." He said softly turning off the water.

He wrapped a towel around his waist and headed for the bedroom. He hadn't bothered to make the bed yet, just thrown his comforter and pillows on it last night. He pulled the towel off and climbed onto the bed pulling the comforter up over him. He lay against the pillow and closed his eyes, the sounds of people laughing next door lulling him to sleep.

Michael woke with a start. He looked around trying to figure out what woke him. The sun was coming in the window and shining down over him as he lay in the bed. He thought it must have been a cat or something outside and snuggled back under the covers. Then he heard someone knocking on his front door and sighed. "No one knows I'm here, who the hell could that be?" He grumbled pulling himself out of bed and grabbing his jeans off the floor. He quickly pulled them on and stumbled from the room as the knocking continued. "Yeah, yeah, I'm coming." He called as he made his way to the door.

He pulled the door open with a growl. "Yeah?" Then he stopped as he stared into a pair of startling blue eyes.

The man standing there stepped back, "Sorry to bother you man, I just realized someone bought this old house and wanted to come introduce myself."

Michael let his eyes drift over the man standing there and he felt his cock start to twitch. The guy stood about 6' with a slender build that was covered by a pair of denim shorts and a t-shirt that molded to his body. Michael forced his eyes upward and got lost in those blue eyes again. Michael never really thought about whether he was gay or straight, but looking at the man standing on his porch he was beginning to wonder if he wasn't at the very least bi. He licked his lips and coughed. "I...It's okay, you woke me up is all."

The man looked sheepish and looked down. "Sorry about that, I gotta remember not everyone gets up as early as I do."

Michael chuckled and ran his fingers through his hair. "It's cool, gotta get up anyway, don't wanna spend all day in bed."

The man looked up and grinned. Michael felt his heart flip and his cock twitch again. Michael took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Um...I'm Michael, would you like a cup of coffee or something?"

The man smiled, "Sure, that sounds great." Michael moved aside and his neighbor stepped into the house. Michael led the way through the boxes towards the kitchen. "Sorry, still in the process of unpacking." He put the coffee pot in the sink and started filling it with water.

The other guy just leaned against the counter. "It's cool; I know what it's like to move. Done it a couple of times."

Michael got the coffee going then looked at his guest. "So you have a name?"

The man slapped his hand against his forehead and chuckled. "God, where are my manners? My wife would shoot me for forgetting to introduce myself."

When he said wife, Michael felt his heart sink, the man was straight. He just pasted a smile on his face and tried to hide his disappointment. "It's cool."

He smiled that 100 thousand dollar smile again and Michael caught his breath. He covered it with a cough wishing his body would behave. There was no way he was getting in this guy's pants. He was relieved when the coffee was done and he poured two cups. He handed one to his guest and took a sip of his own.

His guest took a drink then smiled. "I'm Jake. My wife Alisha and I live next door." He grinned as he looked at Michael then sobered. "We didn't keep you up last night did we? My little sister just graduated from high school and we were celebrating."

Michael relaxed as the easy conversation. He took a sip of his coffee and shook his head. "Nah, when I fall asleep I don't hear anything. I sleep like a rock."

Jake smiled in relief and took another sip of his coffee. "Cool, so what brings you to our small town?"

Michael told him his story, starting from how on graduation night he had come home to find his house in flames and his parents and brother locked inside. How he had broke it off with his longtime girlfriend and just traveled the country. How he had drove through town and found this little place looking so forlorn he had fallen in love with it. "And now I'm here, with no idea what to do with the rest of my life." He finished putting his coffee cup in the sink.

Jake looked at him with sympathy on his face. "Oh man talk about a hard time." He reached out and grabbed Michael's shoulder and Michael felt his cock start to harden. Michael just stared at him as he rubbed his shoulder. "Well, I'm sorry to hear about your family, but hopefully you can find a new life here." He dropped his hand and blushed.

Michael fought to get his body under control and coughed again. "Yeah, here's hoping." He looked at the floor.

Jake looked around then looked back at Michael with a smile. "Well, I'd better get home before Alisha comes looking for me."

Michael sighed and forced a smile. "Yeah, sure, don't want the wife mad at you." He led the way back to the front door and opened it. 

Jake stepped onto the porch then turned back and looked at Michael. "Um...I actually came over to invite you to dinner tonight. Alisha is a wonderful cook."

Michael stood there undecided; it would be hard to be around Jake for a prolonged period of time and not want to rip his clothes off. At the same time, it would be nice to meet the neighbors. He swallowed and smiled. "Sure, sounds good."

Jake grinned and patted him on the shoulder. "Great, six okay?"

Michael fought to keep his body under control under Jake's touch. He lowered his eyes and smiled. "Sounds good."

Jake pulled his hand back and smiled. "Great, I'll let her know." He stepped off the porch and started through the yard to his house. Michael stepped out onto the porch and watched him as he made his way to his own porch. Jake turned back and waved and Michael waved back before going back into the house and leaning back against the closed door. "Okay man, get a hold of yourself. The guy has a wife for gods sake." Michael took a couple deep breaths and let them out slowly as he pictured Jake naked in his mind. He shook his head and berated himself. 

He opened his eyes and looked around the room. The boxes were piled here and there, so he walked over and opened the first box and started pulling stuff out of it. He decided to unpack to keep his mind off the dinner invitation. He just hoped he didn't make a fool of himself tonight.

 

Chapter 2

Michael spent the day unpacking. When he was finished he was exhausted but it was a good exhaustion. The boxes were out by the garbage can and everything was where he wanted it to be. He looked at his watch, it was five thirty. He had a half hour before he had to be at Jake's place.

He headed for the bathroom and a quick shower before he headed next door, hoping he didn't make a fool of himself in front of his new neighbors.

Michael knocked on the door and waited. He had debated several times in his head if this really was a good idea. Even now as he waited for someone to answer the door, he wondered if maybe he shouldn't just go back home. He had pretty much convinced himself it was a bad idea and to turn around and go home when the door opened. He turned back to the door and pasted a smile on his face. Standing there was a woman that didn't look a day over 30. She was tall, with auburn hair that was pulled back off her face in a French braid. She wore a loose sundress over her slender body and her turquoise blue eyes lit up as she looked at him. She let her eyes drift over him and smiled as she moved her eyes back to his face. "You must be Michael." She said with a deep southern drawl as she moved back so he could step into the house.

Michael let his eyes move over her as he stepped into the house. Her breasts were pert and pressed against her dress and looked to be a nice handful. Michael swallowed hard as he nodded and felt his cock start to harden once more. He sighed inwardly as she closed the door and smiled at him. He knew this was a bad idea and now it was too late to turn back. He had a feeling it was going to be a long night.

"I'm Alisha, Jake's wife." She said with a smile as she led him into the living room. "Jake is out back grilling steaks. Would you like something to drink?"

The only thing Michael wanted was to rip her clothes off and sink into her. He swallowed hard as he looked away. "Yeah, anything you have is fine." He stammered trying to get his cock to go down.

Alisha smiled at him then looked at him shrewdly. "How old are you?" She asked crossing her arms over her chest.

Michael blushed and forced his eyes to hers. "Um...19."

Alisha nodded and smiled again. "Younger than I thought, oh well, soda it is." She left the room with a swing in her hips that made Michael's mouth start to water.

Michael sat down on the edge of the couch and tried to calm his body down. He knew he should just go home and stood up to leave when Alisha walked back into the room carrying a glass with soda and ice. Jake came in behind her and grinned at Michael. "Hey, the steaks are ready, hope you're hungry."

Michael took the glass from Alisha and took a sip. "A...actually I really should head home, it has been a long day."

Alisha walked up and pressed her breasts against his arm. "Oh please stay, it's so infrequent we get new neighbors." She rubbed against him and Michael gasped as he looked over at Jake. Jake was just staring at him with a smile on his face.

Michael looked at Alisha, she was smiling seductively and reached up and ran her hand over his chest. "I promise you won't regret it." She leaned into his arm.

Michael felt his cock go rock hard in his jeans and blushed as Jake's eyes drifted down to his crotch. "Yeah, I spent the day grilling steaks; you can at least stay for dinner."

Michael swallowed hard and took another sip of the soda. His cock was hard and throbbing and the way Alisha was pressing against him was not helping. He looked over at her and she licked her lips. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "O...Okay..." He stammered softly.

Jake grinned and clapped his hands together. "Terrific, I'll just set the table." He turned and left the room. Michael stood there watching Alisha, she licked her lips again and reached down and grabbed his cock through his jeans. Michael gasped and moaned as she squeezed him. "I would love to have this for dessert." She said leaning against him and licking at his ear.

Michael looked at her in shock. "W...what about Jake?" He stammered feeling her fingers moving over him.

She squeezed his cock again as she smiled at him. "Oh I'm sure he can find something to do." She ran her hand over his crotch and Michael moaned as his cock started throbbing. Alisha grinned and pulled her hand away. "Come on sexy, let's eat." She sashayed from the room looking over her shoulder to make sure he was following then headed for the dining room.

Michael took a couple deep breathes then followed after her. He couldn't believe she had actually groped him in front of her husband. He figured he better watch his step tonight, he didn't want to make an enemy of his next door neighbor as soon as he moved in.

Over dinner Michael had a hard time concentrating on the conversation. The steak and potato salad were delicious and Michael realized he was starving. The problem was that Alisha kept rubbing against his cock with her foot under the table. When he looked over at her, she would just smile and continue eating.

Jake kept the conversation going, asking questions to Michael and smiling at him. Michael did his best to ignore Alisha's foot rubbing against him but she started rubbing harder and he coughed to cover up a moan. Alisha's eyes lit up and she smiled at him as she realized what he had done. Michael's cock was hard and throbbing in his jeans and he knew if he stood up he was going to embarrass himself.

He reached under the table and pushed Alisha's foot away then went back to eating. As soon as his hand was above the table again, her foot was right back on his crotch. He glared at her and she just smiled and licked her lips then looked at her husband with a grin. Jake just smiled at her and continued talking to Michael.

Michael pushed his plate away and pushed Alisha's foot away for the fourth time. "Thank you for dinner, but I really need to get home." He started to push away from the table.

Alisha reached out and grabbed his hand and squeezed it. "Oh don't go yet, it's early yet. At least have a drink with us."

Michael looked at Jake; he was looking at Michael with a hopeful expression on his face. "Yes stay, we don't get company very often."

Michael was torn, he really didn't want to go home to an empty house, but at the same time he felt he was in dangerous territory around Alisha. She rubbed her foot against his crotch again and he bit his lip to hide the moan. He looked at her and her eyes were lit up with desire. Michael felt his cock throb even harder and sighed. He pushed away from the table and stood up, "I really need to get home."

Alisha moved to her feet and walked up to Michael, she wrapped her arms around his neck as she pressed against him. "I really wish you would stay, I promise you won't be sorry." She rubbed her body against him.
