 FOREWORD

A thousand thanks to Julie for her silent contributions.

Literotica.com issued a challenge to its volunteer writer's to create stories for as many categories as possible. The following chapter is part of a single novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a small group of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into at least 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

New chapter(s) will be submitted almost daily. By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of erotic reading that should appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for almost anyone. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it occasionally flirts mildly with a "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category.

Many of these chapters could go into many different categories. For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex because a number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd hope a totally hetero or gay reader could to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, but also includes experimental lesbianism between lonely sisters. So, don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. ;-)

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied. Hate mail is deleted without being read - life is too short. 

Thank you. W_S

This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * * 

Chapter 32: Lynn and Larry and Beth and Jim

No one in our 'H' moved very much beyond breathing. I was flaccid, but kept my genitals against Lynn, caressing her buns when I felt strong enough. I was fairly certain Beth and Jim were still lying where they'd been when they surrendered to general fatigue. I was absolutely certain that I was enjoying Lynn's warmth and Beth's proximity to my penis too much to move, maybe we all were feeling like that.

Midday had recently passed us by when I was pleasantly surprised by Beth's hand; she'd begun gently toying with my cock. Over the next several minutes her playing felt better and better. Popping my soft penis into her mouth, she rolled me lazily around with her tongue, petting and stroking me until I many minutes later I regained some firmness.

Now that she had something to work with, Beth teased Lynn's opening with my crown for a minute. She rubbed my tip up and down her sister's slit a number of times, before repeating the entire cycle. After fifteen minutes of that delightful stimulation, I was beginning to penetrate fairly deep into Lynn's yawning vagina.

Soon I had to pull my hips back fairly far for Beth to swing me glans from one sweet receptacle to the other. Jim must have been getting similar treatment, I heard a masculine "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnnn." that wasn't mine.

Beth was giving my cock a really long, slow sucking. The foreplay had been amazing, but the next time my cock got inside of Lynn, it was going to stay there until my sperm flowed into her body again.

"Lynn?"

I moved as close to her as I could without pulling from Beth's mouth. My hand slid over her to search for her breast.

"Lynn." I repeated. "I want to make love to you if you're ready. I want to mount you like a stallion does a mare."

Her hand covered mine as I fondled her teat; squeezing my hand, she pushed her nipple into my palm. By now I knew her well enough to know that meant she liked my suggestion, a lot.

"Beth, I am so enjoying being in your sweet mouth, but it's time to take your sister for a ride. May I have my penis back, please?" Beth started to giggle with most of me still in her mouth.

"OK, but only since it's for a good cause."

Slowly Beth allowed me to slip out from between her lips. Rising to my knees, I helped Lynn do likewise. Turning to hold me, we kissed and fondled each other for several minutes until Lynn was seriously ready for me. Turning away, she leaned forward onto her hands and knees. With her tush aimed straight at me, just like in a Playboy, my heart began to race. I wanted to calm myself; my hips wanted to drive straight into her. Filling my lungs, I exhaled gradually, relaxing myself; I wanted to enter her slowly, to make this a leisurely, careful penetration. I clearly wanted this ride to last if I could manage it.

Lifting my cock, my knees crept ahead far enough that my penis wedged between my belly and her tush. Stretching forwards, I ran my hands across her back, sides, then underneath Lynn onto her breasts. I kissed her back and shoulders while grinding my penis between her buns; Lynn ground back, eliciting a moan from me, then from her. Only too ready to mount her, I ran my fingertips down into her slit. Fondling and probing to confirm a near certainty, Lynn was indeed wet and slippery; she was ready for me as well.

Raising myself upright, Lynn's cheeks were rounded and prominent enough that I couldn't see my target. I reached under her from behind to better judge where her opening was. Slipping a finger inside Lynn, I felt her up for a moment, then aimed my erection using my other hand. My glans slid against my finger then on into Lynn. Slowly pushing ahead, I sank into my sexy lover. My analytical brain knew I was sliding into a pussy I'd been inside before, but my body felt something brand new.

There is something to me about what I now know to be called 'doggy' style that literally rubs me differently than other positions. My brain exploded, I saw fireworks! I experienced sensations that made for a first time type experience. Jeez, I almost came before I finished my first stroke. Wobbling, I had to lean on Lynn to support myself.

"Oh my God." escaped my mouth.

Lynn was worried about me, I had to stop and explain how profoundly this position effected me. Sweetheart that Lynn is, she told me to climax if I needed to, not to worry about her.

Meanwhile, Beth got on all fours, at a slight angle so she could kiss Lynn. While I was holding still, trying to recover a measure of self-control, Jim moved behind Beth, mounting her. The look on his face told me he knew EXACTLY what I was feeling.

"Holy shit." was all Jim could say. 

Trying again, I found by making little short strokes, it still felt heavenly, but didn't threaten to trigger my orgasm as easily. Every dozen strokes I'd withdraw for a long stroke. I'd still get that knee-buckling tingle on those long strokes, but if I didn't do more than 1 or 2 at a time, I could just manage my self-control.

Seeming to enjoy this position, Lynn's pelvis was almost constantly in motion. Sometimes her hips would tip forward and back, sometimes her butt moved in a small circle, like it was cleaning a window. Whatever she did just made the sex all that much better. I especially liked it when her tush moved in circles, I could feel my glans twirl inside her, pushing against her velvety walls.

Reaching under Beth as they kissed, Lynn began to milk Beth's teat the same way I learned to milk a cow by hand when the power went out. Very sexy looking, I thought. My eyes latched onto Jim's cock as it moved, piston-like, in and out of Beth. Both girls had such exquisite butt's; watching an erect cock disappearing then withdrawing between their cheeks seriously aroused me. Incrementally, I felt my penis swell; the "Mmffph" Lynn sounded into Beth's mouth told me she felt it as well.

Beth was trying to keep their kiss going, but Jim was going for long, hard strokes. Beth finally wanted to concentrate on Jim's penis. Her head went back, her eyes closed, her whole body began to rock back to meet his thrusts. Staccato 'uuuhHHNnn', 'uuuhHHNnn', 'uuuhHHNnn' sounds were pushed out of Beth.

Lynn continued milking her nearest breast, Beth's other teat swung sexily beneath her.

The sharp slap, slap, slap as Jim banged into Beth's backside captured my imagination. Unable to take my eyes off their sexual union, I was taking longer strokes in and out of Lynn without meaning to; I was surfing Jim's wave as he rode into Beth. Clearly he was going to come inside her from behind, and I wanted to watch it happen.

Happily, I didn't have to wait. Abruptly Jim grabbed onto Beth's hips firmly, driving insanely into them. Beth ground her rear end into Jim's crotch while making gurgling sounds that announced the arrival of her orgasm.

Looking straight down between Lynn's cheeks. I stared at my shaft. In, out, in out. Sometimes I'd glimpse my red glans.

[Wow, that's really MY penis inside Lynn. Oh, wow!]

The more excited I became, the greater the sex-induced stupor I felt. Grabbing Lynn's hips, only one thought occupied my thinking. Each time my hips sprang back automatically, 'push in deep, push in deep, push in deep' flashed in my head. And flashed, and flashed, until I couldn't even think of that much. My mind switched off; I came. My brain passed out; my body took over the happy task of pumping thick semen into the highly desirable female I was joined with.

Bang, bang, bang, spurt, spurt, spurt. I was moving Lynn forward from the force of my thrusts. I felt her hand grab my balls, then wildly strum her clit. My brain only gradually came back online; I was dimly aware Lynn must have come, I felt her contractions milking my penis for it's liquid contribution to the process of procreation.

[God, it feels wonderful inside this girl!] For sure, brain. For sure.

Slowly I wilted onto Lynn's back. She turned her head so we could share an awkward kiss. Reaching around her I fondled both breasts. Her nipples were hypersensitive judging by her reaction, so I tried milking her breasts the way I'd seen her do for Beth. Meanwhile, I remained semi-erect; I'd never stopped my humping motion. My glans became so sensitive I had to limit myself to short, slow, mini-strokes.

"Lay on your back." I whispered in Lynn's ear.

She rolled over. I got between her legs, then stretched out on top of her so we could kiss. I was still firm enough that I could slip myself back into her pussy and very, very gently screw her was we kissed. As good as the main event had felt, it was impossibly pleasant and satisfying as we did our gentle post-coital lovemaking. God how I loved the way I could lose myself in Lynn.

We lost all track of time. Eventually Lynn and I realized Jim and Beth were stuffing their faces. Lynn joked, "We better get over there or there'll be nothing left." So we joined in the effort to hunt down and eliminate all the remaining leftovers.

Following a nice, big, late lunch, we yakked. Four voices all sounding a bit subdued because our honeymoon weekend would soon be over. Before long we'd have to go back for chores. Mr. & Mrs. Troutman could be home any time now. My folks would be expecting me home for Sunday night dinner, our big family meal. They'd be royally ticked if they didn't see me at all this weekend; especially now, I needed to keep them happy.

Snuggling up to Lynn, I planned to whisper in her ear. Which I did, but it took a while because I choose the scenic route to her sensitive lobe. First I sucked a nipple without warning, then nibbled my way to her ear via a trail of kisses across her breasts, over her shoulder, and up her neck. "I love you, Lynn. But before we run out of time, I'm going to jump your sister, because that will make you happier. Am I right?"

Lynn has a special kiss she gives me when I've pleased her. I got that kiss.

Standing, I walked over to Beth, holding my hand out to her. Though she had a suspicious expression, Beth allowed me to pull her to her feet. I gently pulled her into my arms, leaned in, then gave her my very best soul kiss until I felt her go a bit limp in my arms. When I scooped her up in my arms, Beth wore an amused, but 'this is fun' smile.

"I want to make love to you, any objections?" I asked. "None at all sugar." Beth purred back.

Carefully I lowered her onto a cushioned spot a couple steps away where I proceeded to make love to Beth until the cows literally came home.

When Jimmy and Lynn moved into a 69, I barely noticed. Apparently I was actually becoming accustomed to our foursome trading partners.

Both fairly drained, Beth and I kissed, caressed and fondled each other like the friends and lovers we'd become. Our foreplay was loving, unhurried, and oh so sweet. We were patient, so much 'tension' had been released today we were mighty relaxed.

Beth had to use some of her best stuff to get my pooped penis to pop up, but her skills eventually brought my favorite subject up. When I finally mounted Beth it was long past the time when we were both first ready, but the waiting was worth it. It was glorious when we finally merged.

For a time I made love to Beth in the missionary position; it was awesome. Our pace was slow, relaxed; a nice, long, comfortable screw. When I asked her how she wanted to finish, Beth rolled me onto my back, then rode my penis until she came.

Being able to use both my hands on her breasts was sensational. Her eyes were often closed; she wore a neat dreamy expression, even while she came. Close as I was, I held back because I wanted to come inside Beth doggie style; she had looked SO sexy doing it before.

As soon as Beth was with it again, I moved her onto her hands and knees. Sure enough, after three strokes from behind, I felt myself pumping away inside her. Aaaaahhh, Nirvana. When my last drop drained, we lay down together so we could cuddle, fondle, talk and kiss until it was time to dress and go back to take care of farm chores.

Back at the house, Lynn dropped off Jim and Beth at the barn but asked me to stay with her. She suggested I go on home, they'd take care of the barn work. She pointed out it was probably better if I didn't run into her folks until I had more time to practice my game face.

"After all, you did spend the weekend screwing their daughters." she laughed a lusty laugh.

Boy did Lynn make good sense, from that instant, I couldn't wait to exit stage right.

Getting out of the pick up, we hugged; we just stood there holding each other for a couple minutes.

"Can I look forward to hitting the Drive In Friday night?" I asked. The special Lynn kiss I got told me I could count on it.

It was time to leave for home, my first bad moment of a fabulous weekend.

* * * * *

Please vote if you enjoyed my story. This saga continues with Chapter 33.