 Comments and critiques always welcome.

***

"It was unprofessional of me, but I did rub it in my assistants faces how well the mall and island went. Granted, the island wasn't my doing. Who knew Sean would stumble across a couple exhibitionist lesbians out there?

The mall went even better than I expected though. He gave himself over almost immediately. Hopefully, after the last two successes, my girls will trust me more. Especially for this grand finale."

-Dr. Jane Stuart Ph.D/Psy.D

I arrived at Becca's house about six o'clock. I met her in the waiting room of my therapist's office a week earlier. We ended up sharing an interest in board games, and she invited me to her house for a party she was having to play some.

I gladly accepted her invitation. I felt a little nervous to see Alex there waiting in her car as I pulled up. She is a very attractive blonde that I met at the gym earlier today. We actually hit it off really well. I felt nervous for multiple reasons.

One, I've always been a bit on the shy side when it came to beautiful women. Two, I'm not sure if she understood that she accidently gave me a hand job in the middle of the gym earlier. Three, I forgot to ask Becca if it was OK for me to bring a guest. I guess we'll see.

"Hey Sean." Alex said as she gave me a hug. Typically this would make me feel uncomfortable, but after our talk and hug earlier in the day, I felt strangely comfortable with her. I very nearly reached out and held her hand as we walked up to the door.

When I rang the doorbell, Becca answered and I did a quick introduction. She was really cool about me inviting a guest. Becca has straight black hair that reaches to the middle of her shoulder blades. Her eyes were a beautiful hazel that really stood out. She also had a very slim athletic body.

Alex and I followed her into her living room, and that's when my stomach jumped into my throat. I saw Samantha, Amber, Anna, and the redhead from the locker room all sitting there.

They all looked surprised when they saw me, and everyone looked surprised when they realized that everyone else new me. "How do all of you know Sean?" Becca asked.

All of the women stood and walked towards me. Amber spoke first. "He came into work this morning to get a smoothie. I wouldn't let him leave until he felt my butt to see how firm it was from doing squats."

Jessica spoke next. "OH, that must be why he was so hard when he accidentally walked in on my in the shower. It's ok though, I made him pay me in cum for the view. My names Jessica by the way." She extended her hand like she was going to shake mine, but instead she reached past my hand and gently shook my crotch. Which made my balls tighten instantly.

All the women giggled and wooed, and then Anna spoke. "Actually, I'm surprised he had anything left for you, considering how I mercilessly teased him and then drained his balls onto my tits after yoga class.

Alex squeezed in, "I guess I was sandwiched between you two lovely ladies when I gave him a handjob on the gym floor." Alex winked at me and continued. "He was pretending to have a leg cramp because I apparently gave him a boner."

"I guess that makes me desert then." Said Samantha. "We had a hot photoshoot at the mall, which turned into a feeding frenzy in a changing room." Samantha rubbed the front of her shorts. "If you know what I mean?" All the girls laughed.

Then everyone looked at Becca. "I'm afraid I simply met him in my psychiatrist's office. Although, I am feeling a little left out now. Maybe we could have some fun tonight."

I was confused, I had had intimate moments with all of these women within hours, if not minutes of each other, and they weren't upset. "So, none of you feel betrayed or cheated on?"

They all laughed, and then Jessica said, "No, of course not. We were just having fun. None of us are in a relationship to have someone to cheat on."

The news made me feel better, but it also made my stomach turn a little. I really felt like I had a connection with Alex, but does this mean that she was just using me as a sex toy?

As if she could read my thoughts, I felt a subtle gentle touch on the base of my back. It was Alex's hand. But, was she trying to show true intimacy with me, or was she still just having fun.

"I have an idea." Becca said. "How about we turn all of the games into stripping games?" Everyone seemed to love that idea, and to be completely honest, so did I but for different reasons. If my feelings didn't really mean anything to Alex, then I would just have to distract myself as well as possible from my hurt feelings. 

Everyone seemed to be watching me, waiting for my answer. "Let's play." I said.

"Sean, do you want anything to drink? I've been making pina coladas for everyone." Becca asked.

"No thanks, I don't drink."

"I could make it a virgin?"

"That would fit him well." Jessica joked, and everyone laughed.

"Then, yes, thank you." I said.

After Becca mixed the drink and brought it to me, she set up Super Scrabble. "I know this game is only for 4 players, but this version has more tiles and squares, so I think it will work with the seven of us. House rules though. If you score a bingo, you get to make someone take off their clothes. If you play a sexual word, whoever's word you played off of you have to make out with that person for the number of seconds equal to your score." Everyone agreed, and we began.

The game started off pretty slow, but I'm actually pretty good at scrabble, so I managed to get the first bingo. If not for the earlier hurt from Alex, I would have made her strip first. Becca, I haven't seen anything from you yet, can you take off your pants for me?"

Everyone hooped and cheered as Becca did a sexy little hip wiggle as she unbuttoned her jeans. She slowly lowered the zipper and then turned around. She bent over at the hips, sticking her but out at me as she lowered her pants. She was wearing a pair of white lace panties that hugged her butt nicely.

Shortly thereafter, Jessica Played a certain four letter F word off of one of Anna's words. Amber was between the two women on the couch, so Jessica climbed over her lap and started kissing Anna. They were passionate too. Jessica's hand even went up Anna's shirt and groped her breast.

Amber must have felt left out with Jessica stretched across her lap, because she started fondling her butt over her shorts. Becca called time and Jessica retreated back to her seat. As a parting gift, she held onto Anna's lower lip with her teeth until the last second.

Everyone was feeling a little breathless after that show. Two more rounds went by without anymore action, until Alex scored a bingo. She was sitting on the floor next to me, but I hadn't been as attached to her as before we arrived. She seemed to be eyeing me with a mixture of lust and affection. The later seemed weird if she didn't actually feel anything for me.

Alex leaned in and brought her face inches from mine. Her eyes darting back and forth, as if she were trying to etch every inch of my face into her mind. "I want these." She whispered, as she fingered my shorts.

I took a deep breath and said, "OK". I stood up slowly, looking at all eyes on me. I thought this would be easier with my discovery of my exhibitionist streak earlier, but it still made my heart flutter. I undid the button, lowered the zipper, and let them drop to the floor.

Everyone was staring at my crotch covered underwear. I was understandably hard, considering the events so far. Alex bit her lower lip with desire. Jessica broke the tension, when she reached over, gently tapped the tip with her finger, and said, "Hi little guy. Remember me, we kissed earlier?" Everyone laughed, and the game continued. 

Jessica, Anna, and Becca ended up losing their tops, I lost my shirt as well. As such, I felt the most vulnerable with the least amount of clothes on. Alex ended up winning the game, with me in a close second. Despite having very little on, I surprisingly felt warm all over. I kind of felt like all of my cells were vibrating. I was suspecting that my drink might of not been virgin after all.

"I'm going to get more to drink, does anyone else want anything?" I asked, determined not to have anyone slip anything into my drink again.

A couple people said yes, and Alex said that she would help me. We were silent at first in the kitchen, but then she took my hands and turned me to face her.

"I'm good at reading people." She said as she put her hand on my cheek. "I know that Jessica's statement earlier got into your head. But I just wanted you to know, that I do actually like you. You aren't just a play thing to me."

I smiled, then wiped away a tear before kissing her. I could have taken her right then and there, but I knew we needed to get back to the group. "Thank you. Today has been a bit of a rollercoaster with my emotions. It's good to know that I have that to hold onto as something stable."

I could have sworn I saw the slightest bit of a pained look on her face for the briefest of seconds. But maybe I misunderstood her emotion. "Sean," she stopped me before we could go back into the other room, "Tonight, whatever happens, go with it. This is all fun tonight. Tomorrow we'll be exclusive."

"OK," I said.

Becca was already setting up the next game. It was something I had never seen before, a game called CV. Becca explained that it was a more complicated version of the game of Life. With dice rolling and card collecting. The cards had different life events on them that we could collect. Stuff like get married, get a job at dad's company, have a baby, start a board game club. Each card gave you some kind of benefit.

Then Becca started explaining the house rules. "When it's your turn, you can give up a piece of clothing to get a symbol that you need to buy a card off the board. Now, here is the really fun part. I really enjoy the role playing and storytelling aspect of this game. So, whenever you buy a life event card, if possible, you have to act it out." No one really seemed get what was so special about this idea, so we just started playing.

They game was fun, we were collecting things like buying first car, and renting an apartment. Everyone, but me, seemed to be cashing in all of their clothes rather quickly. I'm guessing this was more because they wanted to progress things along faster in the meta game, rather than in the board game.

I kept my underwear on, partially out of a few traces left of my modesty, but more because I was leaking precum like it was going out of style. I didn't want to make a mess on Becca's floor. Nearly the entire front of my briefs were stained dark though.

But then it happened. I found what I was willing to give up my briefs for. I wanted the marriage card, but I wasn't able to get all of the prerequisites for the card. So, I stood, took a deep breathe, and dropped my underwear. All the women cheered uproariously.

I quickly sat back down and collected my card. "OK," Becca said, "Who are you going to marry?"

"I'm sorry, what?" I asked.

"That's part of the roleplaying. You have to pick one of us to marry."

I instantly looked at Alex, and took her hand. She smiled back at me, and all the other girls awed. I guess our feelings for each other weren't a very good secret.

"OK, stand up." Becca Said. We stood and Becca played through a quick fake marriage ceremony for us. We kissed and started to sit back down. But Becca stopped us again. "Wait, you still have to consummate it."

I looked dumbstruck at her. "You mean, you want us to have sex?"

"Of coarse."

I looked at Alex. She squeezed my hand and said, "I'll do whatever you want to do." I smiled and kissed her.

"The marriage bed is in there." Becca pointed.

I picked Alex up, and carried her over the threshold of the bed room and laid her on the bed. I didn't even notice everyone at the door watching. I began kissing her on the lips. The kiss felt like nothing I had ever felt before.

I climbed on top of her and she helped me line my shaft up. I looked her in the eyes and asked, "Are you ready?" She nodded, and I slowly pushed in until I was completely inside of her.

We fit perfectly together. Having no prior experience I wasn't sure if that was special or not, but it felt special to me. We kissed as I slowly pumped in and out of her. Her mid back rose and fell with her pleasure. I slid one hand behind her back and the other was caressing a nipple.

She began moaning gently into my kiss. My heart was racing so fast and I started to feel out of breath. We broke off the kiss and just held each other cheek to cheek. Her heavy panting was right in my ear and was pushing me closer and closer to climax. She beat me there by only a fraction of a second. I came deep and hard inside of her as soon as I heard her cry of pleasure ring out.

We just laid there enjoying the afterglow for a moment. Finally, we kissed, and I climbed off of her. I helped her up and we walked back to the living room. 

Jessica and Samantha were the next two to get married, followed by Anna and Amber. We stood at the door and watched each one take their turns on the bed. When it was Jessica and Samantha's turn, Amber gave me a blow job while I played with Alex's breasts and kissed her neck. I came completely into Amber's mouth well before the couple on the bed finished.

Amber looked at Alex and said, with a full mouth, "I don't think you have gotten to try this yet." And she kissed Alex, sharing some of my cum with her. 

Becca was a little sad that she had no one to marry, until she got the "Friends from work card." Alex's eyes got wide and she said, "You know what that means? It means you have a secret affair with one of your married coworkers."

Everyone seemed to like that idea, but then I realised something. We had established earlier in the game that Becca and I worked together and all eyes were on me. I looked at Alex and asked, "Are you sure you are ok with this?"

In answer she kissed me, and then looked at Anna. "Who's to say I'm not having a little fun with my own friend from work?" Everyone laughed.

Becca and I stood up and I asked, "So, how do we do this?"

"Not in the bed, that is saved for marriages, it also needs to be literally behind Alex's back."

"No, fair, I don't get to watch?" Alex asked.

"How can you watch when you will be over here with me?" Anna asked.

Alex smiled and climbed onto the couch with Anna. They started kissing immediately.

"Last rule, it needs to be in a different position. Affairs are supposed to be wild and something you can't get at home." Becca explained.

"Doggy style!" Jessica called out as she absentmindedly rubbed her clit.

Becca liked the idea and assumed the position with her hands on the recliner nearby. She looked back at me and said, "Just make sure you don't get it in my butt." She guided me in to make sure I didn't.

I held her hips and started thrusting. It didn't have the same magic as when Alex and I had sex, but it still felt great. I reached around and fondled her breasts. Giving her nipples little tweaks. I heard some moaning off to my left.

It was Alex and Anna, they had moved into a 69 position. I'm pretty sure that sight made me grow another inch inside Becca. She started moaning immediately after. She started pushing her hips back into me so that I was pounding her even harder.

Becca was the first to cum, and she drenched me. I had heard of squirters before, but having no experience, I didn't know what that meant. Now I did, and it made me cum a few seconds later. Anna and Alex were screaming so loud that I feared the neighbors would call the police. There was no squirting there, but their climaxes were just as hot.

The last really hot event in the game, was when Alex got the twins card. "So, we just have sex again?" Alex asked.

"Yes, but I've heard old wives tales about having sex standing up increasing the likelihood of twins." Anna explained.

"I seriously doubt that." Said Alex.

"Who cares, it sounds hot." Jessica laughed.

"I can't disagree with that." Alex responded. She then took my hand and we headed to the bedroom before Becca stopped us.

"That's the marriage bed remember?"

"Wouldn't they be one and the same?" I asked.

"Typically, yes. But not today," Becca answered.

"Why not?"

"Because I'm trying to keep things fresh and different."

"Then where?"

"On the island, in the kitchen."

I thought about asking if she really wanted us to have sex where she prepares food, but I decided to just go with it.

Alex lead me into the kitchen, and then I pulled and spun her back to me. She seemed a little surprised by this, but then I started kissing her neck. I leaned down to her breast next and sucked a nipple into my mouth.

"He's definitely a boob guy. I had to shove mine into his mouth earlier to stop his crying." Jessica joked.

I turned and gave her a dirty look. Alex turned my face back to hers before she said, "That's ok, you can have mine from now on. I smiled and kissed her deeper than ever. 

I then grabbed her butt and lifted her onto the island. I position myself and entered her again. This time had all of the magic as our first time, but also had a lot of fun to it as well.

She wrapped her hands around the back of my neck, and I hooked my arms under her knees. Then I pulled her off the counter and started bouncing her up and down on my shaft. I came, then she came, but we didn't stop. I laid her on the table in the dining room. She wrapped her legs around me, and I played with her tits until we both came again.

And yet we kept going. She spun around so that I was pounding her doggy style. After cumming that time, we started getting tired. But we still didn't want to stop. I laid on the ground and she straddled my face. We laid in the 69 position, slowly and tenderly working on each other with our mouths, for probably close to 30 minutes until we both came a final time.

We were so exhausted that Alex simply spun around and fell asleep on my chest. At some point in the night, someone must of given us a blanket and pillows. When we woke up in the morning, the kitchen floor ended up being a horrible bed, but I didn't care. I was spooning with Alex, and everything was right in the world.

That is until Dr. Stuart walked in. She was dressed in her typical conservative manner. White button up, under a grey sportcoat, with grey slacks. It made no sense why she was here. So I thought I was dreaming, and I ignored her.

"Sean, I need you to wake up, I have to talk to you."

Alex stirred at the sound of her voice. She looked up at the stern looking psychiatrist, then at me in fear. "Before she tells you, I need you to know that all of my feelings for you are real."

"What?" I asked in confusion.

"What she's talking about is yesterday. Alex, and the other girls, were a part of my immersion therapy for you."

"I don't understand?"

"I had to break you of all of your bad habits and backwards notions on sex. I don't always do this kind of therapy this way, but otherwise it would have taken me months, if not years to make any progress with you. Please come into the living room and we will talk."

The doctor walked into the living room, and I followed her, and Alex followed me. All of the other women were in there too, sitting on the various couches. They were all wearing various forms of pajamas. They also looked remorseful and avoided eye contact.

"Please, have a seat." Dr. Stuart said. 

I sat in a recliner and Alex sat on the floor next to me clinging to my leg. She appeared to be on the verge of tears. This behaviour seemed very odd for her.

"I know this must be very jarring for you, but yesterday was all an act. All of these women work for me."

"Wait, you hired them to seduce me? In some ways even rape me?"
