 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Disclaimers: Yes, I need an editor; no, I do not want an editor. If this bothers you that much, just quit reading now. Yes, it jumps around too much, yes, there's too many people to keep track of, yes it's too long, yes it's too short, yes it's in the wrong category, yes this is stupid shit and yes, I'm a horrible writer.

Also, if male bisexuality offends you, hit your backspace key now.

For everyone else, I hope you enjoy this little tale.

*.*.*.*.*.*.*.*.*.*.*.*.*.*.*

"We're the Mustangs; we can't be stopped! We got the spirit; we come out on top"

The nine cheerleaders, eight girls and one boy, formed a line, waving their arms in choreographed unison, chanting. In the brutal August heat and humidity in the south Louisiana field, they wore shorts. Three of the girls wore sports bras with their shorts, two more wore half shirts, and three wore loose, billowing tee shirts. The boy wore a wife-beater.

"All the way, Mustangs, all the way! All the way, Mustangs, all the way!" Paisley Bercegay started a new routine.

As the cheerleaders practiced their routines, on the field itself, the Kimble Academy Mustang football team also practiced. They ran scrimmages in light padding and helmets.

"God damn, Trent, what the fuck, huh?" Nick Dupre yelled at Trent Sneed, the first string quarterback.

"What, bitch? Just because you can't catch, it's my fault? "Trent barked.

"Thirty nine Sweep; you fucking throw in the secondary, not ten yards over my head, bitch," Nick snapped.

They ran the play again and again, Trent failed to connect with his wide receiver.

"Fucking piece of shit mother fucker, fucking Cordell over there throw better than you," Nick taunted, pointing to the male cheerleader.

Coach Stafford blew his whistle and called an end to the practice. Obviously, the brutal heat was wearing his players' determination to a frazzle. Fighting with each other was counter-productive.

At the same time, Mrs. Edmonen decided the cheerleaders had sweated enough and also called an end to the practice.

Outside of the boys' locker room, Paisley gave Cordell Weir a soft kiss and lightly slapped his hand when he moved to squeeze her delectable buttocks.

"Later, if you're good," she promised, kissed him again and scampered toward the girls' locker room.

Cordell watched her ass cheeks undulate in the tight cut offs she wore. Her back was lightly tanned; her sports bra left a good portion of her slim waist and smooth back exposed. She also had the muscled, tanned legs of a cheerleader.

In the boy's locker room, Cordell casually stripped out of his wife beater tank top, khaki shorts and jock strap. He then grabbed soap and towel and sauntered to the shower room.

"Cover up, y'all!" Trent called out as Cordell entered the large room. "Cheerleader!"

Cordell ignored the arrogant young man. He was quite used to the taunts and innuendos. Many questioned his sexuality, his masculinity because he preferred to stand on the sidelines and cheer, rather than get out on the field and allow other boys to tackle him.

"Yeah, I got to be a fag, right?" he'd say, when he did deign to answer their jeers. "I'd rather be around women than stand around slapping other guys on the ass, right?"

Cordell made quick work of lathering up, then rinsed off quickly. Hot water was a rarity in the shower. Most of the time, it was a tepid spray. And if he was late getting into the shower, it was an icy spray.

As he toweled off, he did look around at the swinging dicks and bouncing balls and taut backsides around him. There were a few that sported larger packages than his, there were a few that had cute backsides. But none of the athletes excited him much.

Paisley was waiting for him when he stepped out of the locker room. Her waist length blonde hair was done into two pony tails, one on either side of her adorable face. Seeing her, fresh face devoid of any make up, blue eyes peering into his brown eyes, Cordell felt his cock begin to swell.

She stretched, dressed in khaki shorts, light pink tank top and white canvas sneakers. She bounded down the metal bleachers, pressed her 34DD breasts into his belly and kissed him.

"Jackie waxed her pussy," she whispered.

Cordell looked over at Jacqueline Frentz as the African-American girl chattered with Shavelle Owens, another African-American cheerleader.

His cock jerked in his shorts as he imagined Jackie's pussy, bald and glistening with excitement.

Paisley didn't wait. The moment they were in Cordell's 1974 Ford F150, she slid across the bench seat, eased Cordell's zipper down, and sucked his cock into her mouth.

The heat inside the truck was unbearable, sweltering after being in the sun for hours, but Cordell was quick to react to her noisy slurping on his cock. He gritted his teeth and started the truck, then adjusted the air conditioner. She moaned around his cock as he hefted her heavy breasts. When he pinched her fat nipples, she shuddered in pleasure.

"Fuck, Oh Pay, here, uh, here, fuck," Cordell grunted then began spewing ropes of semen into her sucking mouth.

He slumped against the plastic steering wheel, then jerked back again. The plastic was scalding hot.

Paisley pulled her mouth off of his thick cock with a loud 'pop' then pressed her pursed lips to his gasping mouth. The two eighteen year olds shared Cordell's semen. Then, when his spunk was gone, they continued to kiss passionately.

"Now, come on, Cordie; it's Baby's turn," Paisley ordered, pulling off her tank top.

"My momma's home," Cordell said.

"Shit! Well, come on, behind the stands," Paisley ordered, unhooking her sturdy bra.

He put the truck in gear and pulled out of the parking lot. As he drove behind the visiting team's bleachers, Paisley was wiggling out of her khakis and panties. When he parked, she was already leaning back, blonde head propped up by the door's armrest. 

Cordell knelt on the bench seat between Paisley's splayed legs, just looking at her thick blonde carpet. Bisecting the blonde triangle was a light pink slash. His fingers went for that slash. She moaned as he pulled the slash open, tugging on her slick pussy lips.

Her scent wafted up and he breathed deeply of her delicious aroma. Then he delved his thick tongue into her pussy.

"Oh Cordie," Paisley sighed.

He lapped at her pussy for a few moments, savoring the taste of her. Then he wormed two fingers into her pussy as he began to suck on her throbbing clitoris.

"Fuck, Cordie!" she screeched and his face became wet with her ejaculation.

He sucked and fingered her to three more quick orgasms, then leaned forward and drove his renewed erection into her in one forceful thrust.

"Oof!" she grunted.

They kissed sloppily, passionately as he hammered her pussy. She licked her essences from his handsome face, then shoved her tongue into his mouth again.

"Pinch, fuck, pinch them," she urged as his hands toyed with her jiggling breasts.

"She screeched in orgasm again and shuddered as she felt him spurting his hot seed into her pussy.

When they were both done, Cordell knelt again between her splayed legs and sucked his spending from her raw, sloppy pussy. She shivered in mild orgasm as he sucked and licked her pussy.

Then he lay on top of her again and again, they kissed hotly, passionately.

"Fuck, why we even showered, huh?" she giggled as they were both hot and sweaty again.

(O)(O)

The first official day of school started the next Monday, the second Monday of the month. Cordell did not drive his pickup truck to school; Paisley picked him up in her 2002 red Camry.

"Seniors!" they both screamed as they got out of the car in the students' parking lot.

Many of the students of Kimble Academy responded with loud cheers of their own. Some juniors and sophomores did let loose with some good-natured boos.

In homeroom, Cordell and Paisley claimed their unofficial seats and chattered with each other and other students.

"Parsons, Pam," Mr. Melancon intoned. 

"Here," the severely overweight girl squeaked.

"Patrick, Nathan," Mr. Melancon intoned.

There was no answer. He called the name again, even looked up and glanced around the class. Then he shrugged, made a mark and continued calling the attendance.

The morning dragged by slowly, as the first day of school normally does. At lunchtime, Cordell and Paisley stood in line in the school cafeteria, looking around.

"Kuy," Paisley called out.

The Cambodian girl turned, almond eyes peering myopically through large horn rimmed glasses.

"Love your hair like that," Paisley complimented.

The girl had taken her ankle length black hair and braided it in a long thick braid. Woven in with her hair were blue and yellow ribbons, the school colors.

"Oh thank you!" Kuy Bopta squeaked, beaming under the praise.

"Fucking talking to her for?" Trent growled and Kuy immediately cowered.

"Ass hole," Cordell muttered at the quarterback's back.

"Third table over," Paisley said. "Know who that is?"

"No, but I saw him first," Cordell said as he saw a handsome young man eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.

"Aw, your ass!" Paisley laughed, squeezing him affectionately.

They grabbed trays of red beans and rice, two bottled waters, then made their way toward the third table.

"Hi, new kid; we sit here?" Paisley asked cheerfully.

"Uh, yeah, yeah, sure," Nathan Patrick said, handsome square face suddenly flaming bright red.

"Hey, Cordell Weir, how's it going?" Cordell said.

"Uh, good, good, you?" Nathan stammered.

"I'm Paisley Bercegay, yeah, my momma had a thing for Prince when she was younger," Paisley said.

"Huh?" Nathan asked.

"Paisley Park; name of that singer's house or something," Paisley said.

"Oh," the eighteen year old said.

A moment later, he looked back up.

"Uh, and I'm Nathan," he said. "Nathan Patrick. I uh, we just moved here from Stepping Stone."

"Been there," Cordell said. "My aunt was in Hearst for like five or six years."

"You never told me that. What'd she do?" Paisley asked.

"Drugs," Cordell admitted.

As they ate, they chatted with Nathan. He had blond hair, warm brown eyes, and an easy blush. He appeared to be the same height and build as Cordell; six feet one inch and about one hundred and seventy pounds. He also seemed intelligent, thoughtful, quiet by nature.

"All right, new kid, see you," Cordell said as he scraped the last of his food from his tray.

"Yeah, new kid," Paisley agreed, getting to her feet.

"See y'all," Nathan agreed just as the buzzer sounded.

Cordell smiled as Nathan happened to be in his American History class. Paisley had Nathan in her Computer Literacy class. 

And Nathan was in Physical Education class with Cordell.

"Yeah, my old man's working at Whitehead Generators," Nathan said as they stood around in the gymnasium, waiting on Coach Stafford to waddle his bloated bulk out of the office.

The man did, had the student's line up, then did a physical assessment of them.

"All right, end of the school year, should be able pass these numbers," he bellowed. "For example, you do twenty pushups today? End of the school year, should be able do thirty, right?"

"You first," Cordell muttered under his breath, indicating the horribly out of shape coach.

"You uh, you just staying like that?" Nathan asked when Cordell did not put his school uniform on again.

"Got practice next," Cordell said.

"Yes, Cordie's a cheerleader," Trent mocked. "Should see him out there with his pom-poms."

"Don't play with pom-poms," Cordell smiled. "Prefer Paisley's, or Amber's pom-poms better."

Nathan and Cordell and Paisley formed a fast, easy friendship. Paisley did continue to reach out to Kuy, but the four foot nine inch girl was quite firmly under Trent's domineering control.

"Friday!" Cordell whooped as they dressed back into their school uniforms after Friday's P.E. class.

"No uh, no cheerleading practice today?" Nathan asked.

He had taken to sitting on the bleachers, watching the eight girls practice. In between routines, Mrs. Edmonsen would occasionally send the young man for waters, or towels, or other gear. So, he was an unofficial member of the squad now.

"Nah, first game's not for a month," Cordell said. "So, we don't practice on Fridays. The players do, though."

"So uh, what you and Paisley doing?" Nathan asked.

"She wants go to Courtyard Mall, then there's Hop Kim; you like Chinese?" Cordell asked.

"Uh, yeah, yeah, it's all right," Nathan agreed.

"Come along?" Cordell asked.

The three crammed into the truck, Paisley sitting between the two young men. As Cordell drove to the mall, Paisley kept her hand on Cordell's leg, and on Nathan's leg as well.

Nathan was in a quandary. He liked Cordell; Cordell was actually the first friend he'd made at his new school. But he was extremely attracted to the blonde Paisley, with her large breasts, pretty face and firm backside.

Her hand rubbing innocently on his thigh had his cock painfully hard.

"Hey, there's Whitehead; you said your dad works there?" Paisley asked, hand squeezing Nathan's thigh.

"Uh, yeah, yeah, he's in shipping," Nathan said, voice strangled.

They walked around the mall, bought nothing, then went to dinner at Hop Kim Chinese restaurant.

Again, Paisley sat between the two young men. And again, her hands were on their legs, hidden by the white table cloth. She managed to keep both Cordell and Nathan in a state of perpetual erections.

"Momma's at the casino," Cordell said as he helped Paisley up into the cab of his truck.

"Then what we waiting on?" Paisley whooped.

"You uh, what time you got be home?" Cordell asked Nathan.

"I uh, curfew's eleven," Nathan said.

"Nine now, want come on over?" Cordell asked.

Nathan didn't catch the nervousness in Cordell's voice. He had a nervousness of his own, and his cock was painfully hard, tenting his baggy jeans.

Along the way, Paisley fiddled with the ancient radio in the truck until she managed to catch an AM station out of Baton Rouge. Then she sang along.

"Paisley thinks she can sing," Cordell teased his girlfriend.

"Shut up," Paisley giggled. "Better than you."

At Cordell's small house, the three first verified that Mrs. Weir was indeed not home. Then they trooped into Cordell's bedroom.

"So I uh, what y'all want do?" Nathan stammered, seeing only a dresser, a chest of drawers, and a small desk with a solitary chair. The only other place to sit was the queen sized bed.

"Want to fuck?" Paisley brazenly asked, then kissed Nathan.

She pressed her breasts into his belly and pressed her crotch against his leg. Her small hand cupped his throbbing cock and she squeezed it gently.

Cordell came up behind Paisley and began playing with her heavy breasts.

"Pinch them," Paisley ordered and Cordell did pinch her hard nipples.

"I uh, you, I mean, shit," Nathan stammered.

"Come on, man, you going tell me you don't want to?" Cordell asked as Paisley began to shimmy out of her snug jeans.

"I uh, no, I mean, what about you, dude?" Nathan asked, clearly conflicted.

"We want you join us, Natie," Paisley urged and kissed him again.

"I uh, I mean, fuck, you sure?" Nathan asked even as he began to pull his pull over shirt off.

Paisley stretched out on the bed and watched the two boys undress.

Both were blond, both handsome, both muscular. Both had hairless chests, flat bellies and well-muscled legs.

Cordell was already nude, crawling onto the bed to join her. His heavy balls dangled and his seven and a half inches throbbed his excitement. He was circumcised and Paisley loved teasing his flared head with her tongue before seeking out the thick vein that ran the underside of his cock.

Nathan steeled himself and shoved his plain cotton briefs down and off.

His cock was also framed by a light brown carpet of curls. The cock itself was uncircumcised and jutted out nearly seven inches. Although not quite as long as Cordell's cock, Nathan's cock was slightly thicker. His foreskin covered all but the tip of his throbbing cock and Paisley and Cordell could see that the tip was quite shiny with his excitement.

"Lay down here, let me get the first one out the way," Paisley ordered.

Both young men lay down against the head board of the bed and she knelt between them. Then she took Cordell's cock in her left hand and Nathan's cock in her right.

"EEnie, meenie, miney, moe," she chanted, lightly stroking each boy's cock. "Catch a fucker by his toe..."

"Shouldn't that be 'a fucker by his cock?'" Cordell suggested.

"Huh? Oh, oh yeah, eenie, meenie, miney, mock, catch a fucker by his cock," Paisley chanted.

Obviously, Nathan won and Paisley bent her head and took him into her mouth. He groaned in pleasure as her tongue wormed between foreskin and cockhead and began lapping around his sensitive cockhead. Lightly using her teeth, Paisley skinned the foreskin down, completely exposing his cockhead. She slithered her tongue all around his cock and gave a noisy slurp, pulling her hot mouth off of his cock.

Then she swiveled and began sucking Cordell's cock into her mouth. While she sucked Cordell's cock, her hand gently stroked Nathan's meat.

While she sucked and stroked their cocks, both Cordell and Nathan squeezed her hanging breasts and pinched her fat nipples.

"Shit, I'm about, I'm about..." Nathan warned as Paisley again licked and sucked his cock.

"Mm-hmm!" Paisley encouraged, nodding her head in agreement.

"Aw fuck, fuck," Nathan groaned and blasted a good sized stream of his spunk down her throat.

After Nathan finished shooting his load, Paisley then sped up her sucking and stroking of Cordell's cock until he too blasted his spunk.

Then she licked and stroked each young man to erection again.

She urged Nathan to his knees, then knelt in front of him, presenting her slick pussy. He slid his cock into her and both groaned.

She was quite wet, quite hot, and very tight. Nathan shoved his cock in, trying not to just ram it in to the hilt.

Cordell knelt in front of Paisley, and she again took him into her mouth. Then the two men smiled sheepishly at each other as they began to fuck the girl.

Paisley screamed in orgasm. Her scream was muffled because of the cock in her mouth. She screamed again as she felt Nathan's hot semen flooding into her pussy. Then he fell away from her. She wiggled around onto her back and spread her legs wide for her lover.

Cordell knelt between her legs and sucked and licked her pussy, licking and sucking Nathan's spending out of his girlfriend's pussy.

Nathan lay, gasping as Paisley squealed in orgasm. Then Cordell was working his long cock into her and Paisley squealed in orgasm again.

She orgasmed again as Cordell pumped a stream of semen into her clutching pussy.

"Love you, Pay," he wheezed.

"Love you too, Cordie," Paisley cooed.

The two kissed passionately. Then Cordell pulled his limp cock from her and again knelt between her splayed legs and sucked and licked her pussy clean of semen.

Nathan smiled as Paisley crawled up and began kissing him passionately. She reached down and began stroking his resurgent erection. Then she pressed her breasts against his face, urging him to nibble and nip at her large nipples. She put her two hands on his shoulders to prop herself up as she pressed her impressive chest in his face.

Nathan felt her mouth again encircle his cock. He felt her hot tongue lick around his sensitive cockhead as her hand kneaded his heavy balls.

"God, that is so fucking hot," she said as she continued to swallow his cock down her throat.

"What the fuck? Hey, nuh uh!" Nathan suddenly cried out, realizing it wasn't Paisley sucking his cock, stroking his shaft, kneading his balls.
