 It all started one afternoon when my wife Kim and I were getting each other hot with talk of fantasies. 

Eventually we would always get around to talking about me eating her snatch after filling her with cum. This would always get us both extremely turned on, but once I came, it just wasn't as extreme (for me anyway). But on this day she suggested something a little different. 

Since the idea of eating her cum soaked muffin was such a turn-on while I was still "hot," she asked if it would still turn me on if the pie were already made. I was floored. It doesn't take a brain surgeon to figure out that she wanted another man to fill her with his cum, and for me to eat it out. I was speechless, but to my surprise it sounded very hot. 

One fantasy of mine is to fuck the hell out of her with the help of another man. The thought of watching her riding another man's cock really gets me hot, and I must say that she has given me some pretty wild rides when we talk about it. 

This new wrinkle had possibilities, but I had a problem taking a submissive role where there was another man involved. Of course, she had a plan. I was to come home from work a short time before her and sit in the closet at the foot of our bed, and she would take care of the rest. I agreed. 

The day finally came, and I could not think of anything else all day at work. I had a major hard-on all day. Needless to say I was primed for action. As she requested, I made sure I was home before her, and I entered the closet finding a chair in there for my comfort, so I sat. Not ten minutes later I heard the front door open... My heart started pounding, then I heard a man's voice. This was really going to happen. After all of the thought I had given this all day, questions like... What if I moan and he hears me?, and how is she going to get him out as soon as the deed is done? started to come to me, but it was too late... They were right there in our bedroom. 

She wasted no time working his tool from his pants, and I must say, it was rather large. She hungrily started to take him in her mouth. They were on the side of the bed, giving me an excellent view of her devouring this very large and hard cock. After sucking him for quite some time she finally stood up and took off her clothes. I was about ready to explode with excitement. It was time for her to mount him, and I had a front row seat. He lay on his back with his head toward me, and she climbed onto his fully erect cock facing me. She grabbed his dick with one hand and positioned it at the opening of her twat, then looked right at me as she lowered herself with one quick motion onto his cock. She let out a very long and intense moan, and I almost came right then as she looked at me as this other man's cock was now fully in her pussy. 

I could have watched them fucking for hours, but I wanted her so badly I couldn't stand it, and she continued to ride him like a woman possessed. Finally he couldn't hold it any longer and he let out a scream as a big smile came across her face looking at me as if to say "here it is." I had wondered if I would really be able to do this, but after seeing the way she savagely fucked this guy, not five feet from where I was watching, there was no doubt in my mind. As she climbed off of him I could tell that she was trying to keep her legs closed to hold in as much of the cum as she could. I don't think it was too hard as he was deep inside her when he erupted. After about a minute of "recovery" she told him that I would be home soon so he should leave. She asked that he show himself out. He agreed and left. 

I wasted no time getting out of that closet and out of my clothes. She pulled me onto the bed next to her 'and without saying a word she climbed on top of me in the '69' position, fully pressing her freshly fucked pussy right onto my mouth. It was very warm and very wet. I expected there to be a lot more cum than there was, so I thought "not to bad for the first time, "but just about then she humped my face more intensely, then she loosened up and a flood of hot cum spilled from her. I had no choice at this time but to lick her clean, so I did and we both had the hottest fuck session that either one of us has ever had. 

Next time she wants to '69' with me while being fucked by another man... We'll see...