 It seems that we have some of our hottest sex when we entertain the idea of another man joining in to add another hard cock, and more cum to the mix. When we fantasize about the different scenarios, we both become very hot. 

In our last story we lived out one of those fantasies by having another man fuck her while I was licking her snatch. I will have to admit, it was HOT. The idea of me licking another man's cum from her freshly fucked pussy sends her into a wild sexual frenzy. Since our last encounter though, things have slowed down considerably. Work has been a real bitch for the both of us, and we just hadn't been in the right frame of mind to maintain the high intensity eroticism that we previously enjoyed. Our lovemaking was still great, but we had not added our fantasies to it in a while, to send us over the top. During a recent lovemaking session, this was to change. I had mentioned that it had been a while since we had come up with any HOT scenarios lately. She agreed, and proceeded to pour out one of her wildest fantasies yet. It was quite intense I must say, but the wildest part of it was that it was to come true just a couple of days later.

It was on a Saturday, like any other, at least that is what I thought when I got out of bed that particular morning. This day was to be very different indeed. I had planned to go golfing that day, so I got up early so I could be finished before the heat of the day set in. I leaned over to kiss her goodbye and said that I would be back by noon or so, but she insisted that I be home at one o'clock, no sooner, no later. Being as I had just woken up, and had a game of golf on my mind, it never dawned on me what she had planned for our afternoon, so I just trotted off and played my game of golf oblivious to what she was getting ready for me. Noon rolled around and I had been pretty much golfed out at that point, so I headed for the car, thinking about how glad she will be to see me early. That is when it dawned on me how insistent she was that I be home one o'clock sharp. Could she have a surprise waiting for me? An instant flash of heat came over me as I thought about what we had talked about just the other day. My cock got so hard that I thought it was going to burst, but I still had an hour before I was supposed to be home, a very long hour indeed. What did she have planned? After a long hour of horny anticipation, I was about to find out.

When I pulled into the driveway, the car owned by our last fuck friend was parked out front. I knew then that things were about to get wild. As I entered the house, they were sitting in the livingroom, and I could tell that they had been talking about what was about to take place, by the way she was squirming in her seat, and by the bulge in his shorts. That put three very horny people in a room together, all ready for an intense time. I told them that I needed a quick shower, so they could head on into the bedroom and feel free to get started with a little foreplay while I showered. 

That was the quickest shower in history, as I didn't want to miss anything. Upon my entering the bedroom, they were doing as I had suggested. He was lying on his back on the bed, and she was thoroughly sucking his cock much to his enjoyment, because she is very good at it. She was gripping the base of his cock with one hand as she devoured it with her very capable mouth, running her tongue up and down his shaft and taking as much of it in as she possibly could. I then came up behind her and fed my cock into her twat, which was soaking wet. She moaned as I drilled her and as she sucked his cock with intensity. It was as if she were trying to get him to cum as soon as possible and I knew he had to be close. Knowing also that he was about to shoot his load, 

She took her mouth from his cock and looked at him and said, " Fuck me". I almost came right then, but I withdrew from her snatch quick enough to hold it back. She then told me to lie on my back with my head toward the edge of the bed. I was to have the ultimate close-up once again! She climbed on top of me in the 69 position, and our fuck friend knew where he was supposed to be as he came up to her pussy, which I was now eating hungrily, and fed the entire length of his cock into her at once. I could feel her whole body quiver as he began to pick up the pace. 

Her already wet snatch was getting even wetter. It was so hot being right there licking her as this cock was sliding in and out of her. With each thrust into her she let out a loud moan of ecstasy. The heat and the wetness created by his drilling of her, and my tonguing was very sexy. I knew that it was about to get much wetter because he was very close to cumming, and I was so ready for it! As he tensed up, we all knew that it was time for him to unload. He pumped her harder and faster as he filled her with his hot sticky load, while I was licking them both. He continued fucking her, but his strokes became long and slow, so I tried to extend my tongue into her snatch with his cock. Each time he withdrew from her, his cock was covered with cum, and as he buried it back into her, the cum mixture would run down my tongue. 

She then leaned forward, and his cock slid out of her landing right on my mouth covered with both his cum and hers. Without giving it any thought, I opened my mouth and took his cock in. It was very hard and still throbbing and very sensitive as I sucked all of the juices off. I had never done anything like that before, but she had told me how hot it would make her, and it did. When she looked back and saw me sucking on his cock she began to tremble and moan He could no longer stand, so he collapsed on the bed next to us. She, being very pleased at what she had just seen, leaned back and pressed her freshly fucked twat onto my face, grinding and moaning.

It was very warm from the fucking he just gave her, not to mention the hot load he had just filled her with, and I was right there licking and sucking on her dripping snatch, which was very sensitive. I ran my tongue up into her and move it in circles as the cum ran out of her twitching pussy. I was so into what I was doing, it took me a minute or two to realize that she was jerking off our fuck friend, who was becoming hard again. She told him to stand up so she can suck both of us. Her twat, still oozing with cum was still was still humping my face as she alternated between cocks. She was totally horny, and for that matter, the whole thing turned us all on. There I was, licking and sucking at her cum drenched pussy, and there she was with two hard cocks in her face, and said that she wants more! Hell, I am the only one, who hasn't cum yet! Every time I got close, she would stop sucking on me, and moved to him. So he said, before I could even get swallowed what I had tongued from her, what is it you want? 

She said without hesitation, "I want you to fuck him ", as she reached into the bedside table and pulled out a tube of lubricating jelly, removed the cap, and started rubbing it on my ass. That process took about 5 seconds. I guess that I was in for another first that day, as she didn't give either of us a chance to give it any thought. She then rubbed his cock with some lube and positioned it right at my ass. She has fucked me with a dildo before, but she has always wanted to see me get fucked by the real thing, so she grabbed his hips and slowly pulled him into me. As with the dildo, it hurt a little until it was in all of the way. Once it was in, it felt pretty good. 

She was sucking on my cock and watching his cock slide in and out of my ass, and I had a freshly fucked twat grinding on my face with a perfect rhythm, and she was also gripping his thighs pulling him into me at a fairly swift pace. It was surprisingly hot. She marveled at the sight of his cock sliding in and out of my ass and she controlled the rhythm and the depth. The sensation of a real flesh cock in my ass and her sucking and moaning on my cock was quite intense as she kept pushing and pulling at him making sure indeed that I was getting a thorough fucking. 

As he tensed up to cum yet again, she pulled him to me and held him with his cock fully buried as he released his load. I began to tremble as I felt his cum pumping into me. She then resumed guiding him in and out of me as she sucked on me even harder. The extra-added lubrication from his cum made it even easier for his rather large cock to slide in and out more freely, as she pulled at him very rapidly. There was no doubt about it, I was getting a serious fucking and it felt awesome. I then came with intensity like no other, and it lasted longer than it ever has, as she kept sucking and he kept fucking until the entire climax was totally complete. It was the wildest thing that I had ever been part of. She was beside herself with pleasure, and I must admit that I have never been so horny as I was that day.

After he left, she asked me for him if it was ok for him to bring his wife next time. I am sure, that will be an interesting story.