 One of the few things that frustrates me about my wife is her seeming inability to be aware of time. Often this weakness results in her working late, cutting significantly into our family time. It's not that she does it on purpose or doesn't feel bad about it, though. In fact, sometimes she even offers to make it up to me in one way or another.

One such occasion came not even a week after our latest group escapade (an interesting new development over the past year in our marriage). While we had agreed it would be some time before we did something outrageous sexually for some time, just enough time had passed, however short that time was, where the juices were flowing again. The thing about group sex is once you get the hang of it, it's not easy to suppress the desire for more. Thankfully, Ann and I have such a strong marriage and unshakeable trust and devotion that our dynamic has been working quite well for us so far.

One Thursday in December, Ann arrived home near 7 pm, more than three hours later than planned. I understood why she needed to stay and was glad she got the overtime, but we were both a little frustrated to have lost the time together. In Ann's absence, I was responsible to take care of our daughter and was just putting her to bed. Once we were settled in for the night, Ann finally was able to relax and asked me what I wanted to do. Of course, sex was the first thing to come to mind.

I think it started as a joke, but Ann wondered if we could get one of the four guys who had gangbanged her with me last weekend to join us tonight. Even though I didn't think she was serious, I pursued it and messaged the guys through the email contacts I had. Ann was laughing as I did it, not expecting anything to come of it but amused nonetheless. We figured it was such short notice that even if the guys got the message tonight, they would never take it seriously. Even if they did, we had no logistics planned to make it work.

Wouldn't you know it, two of them responded almost immediately. One of them was Shawn, our black friend who had banged Ann with me twice already, and the other was Mike, and Indian gentleman who had the time of his life this past weekend. Ann was instantly turned on at the prospect of an interracial group session, and we were both very excited at the prospect of doing it on such short notice. Ann even suggested that her sister - who was well aware of and had a couple times participated in our unique sex life - would stay with the sleeping baby. We still didn't have a location, though, as we didn't want to use our homes for multiple reasons. I wrote back to the guys that we can make it happen if they can give us a location. I thought it was a longshot since we were all still at the point of not giving out our addresses, and Ann and I weren't going to splurge on a hotel again. We had bills to pay, after all!

Again, almost instantly, Mike shot a message back saying there was a cheap motel a couple blocks from him. It turns out it was about 10 minutes from our house. I looked at Ann, and she said, "Why not?" an excited tone clearly evident in her voice. I told Mike we would meet him there in half an hour. It was 8 pm already, and we all had work in the morning, so this couldn't take us long into the night.

While Ann got ready in the bedroom and bathroom, I texted my sister-in-law and told her exactly what was going on. As I said, she was well-aware of our setup and wasn't entirely shocked at our request. She said she would be over in 15 minutes. It wasn't the first time she had helped babysit in a pinch, but it was the first time for something as dastardly as this. Meanwhile, I had received a message back from Shawn and one other guy. The one said he wasn't available tonight, but Shawn was asking if we were moving forward. I asked Ann if she wanted him to join even though we already had our third, and she said yes without hesitation. I let Shawn know the address and told him we would he there in 20 minutes (already we were running late).

Brittany, my sister-in-law, showed up right on time and set up on the couch, beside herself with amusement over our situation. I invited her to join as a joke but knew she wouldn't - and couldn't, obviously. She certainly had a wild side too, but it paled starkly in comparison to Ann's. As Brittany and I chatted in the living room, Ann came out still in her work clothes but her hair and makeup touched up and holding a bag in her hand. She said she was ready to go, so we hurried to the car. If we could get started at 9, we had a shot at being home and in bed by 11. We agreed the rush added to the excitement.

When we got to the motel, I checked my messages to see that Mike was already there and had sent me the room number. This location wasn't nearly as nice as the suite I had booked the previous weekend, but we obviously weren't expecting anything fancy. Actually, what we walked up to was exactly what we had been expecting. We walked past the clerk a little awkwardly, stating we were meeting friends, and he just glanced up at us and went back to his screen. All of a sudden we felt a little silly. Here we were, a totally normal couple who an hour ago was settling in for the night, and now we were at a sketchy motel to meet up with two men we still didn't really know for group sex. I never knew any single people in their 20s who did this, let alone couples in their 30s!

Those nerves continued during the short elevator ride. Honestly, I think if we had thought the whole thing through back home, we wouldn't have gone out. But we had made the arrangements and were here now, so there was no turning back. Beside, there was nothing wrong with a little impulsive fun. Just because it wasn't common didn't mean it doesn't work for us. I did ask Ann one more time if she was ready, and she flashed that sexy smile of hers and insisted we go through the door.

Not only was Mike there, but Shawn had beaten us there too. We apologized for being a tad late, but they didn't mind. They said it just heightened the anticipation. Beside, they knew they were lucky that we had been able to make it out at all tonight. Everything had just sort of fallen into place.

As unimpressive as the motel looked from the outside, it was even more underwhelming inside. It was clean, at least; just very bare. What appeared to be a queen bed took up most of the room. There was an old brown nightstand and faded blue curtains that went down to the floor. There was just a small closet and not even a bathroom, which caused alarm for Ann because she wanted to get changed for us before we began, and she didn't want to spoil the surprise. We ended up creatively jimmy-rigging a curtain for her by opening the closet door and stringing the comforter across that door and a hook on the main door, giving Ann barely enough room to change. It was a good thing she did her hair and makeup at home!

I chatted with the guys while Ann got changed. By this time, I felt pretty comfortable with Shawn. He is about my age, about 5'9" and in good shape. This was the third time we had met in person, and Ann and I thought he could end up being a real-life friend. Mike, on the other hand, was a nice guy and pretty attractive from Ann's perspective at 6' and a decent figure but not someone we saw ourselves hanging out with. He was a little older, into his 40s and a bit less in common with us. He had a lot of fun with us the past weekend though and was certainly eager to be in this situation again. 

Suddenly, our makeshift curtain dropped, as did my jaw. Ann wore no panties, just white lingerie with white feathery trim like you see on a Santa hat on the top and bottom and black high heels that were inappropriate for any other setting. They were clearly stripper shoes, with a clear top that showed off her whole foot. I had never before seen the outfit Ann was wearing, which is significant because I'm very observant. She did get clothes in the mail like twice a week, and I didn't always see every single piece that came in, but it had never been anything sexy. I found out later that she had ordered it for the gangbang but it didn't come in until this past Monday. Maybe the missed opportunity to utilize it played into her impulse to go through with what we were doing tonight.

Shawn and Mike showered Ann with praise while she blushed a little and showed off her sexy ass and ample cleavage. As much as we all would have liked a bit of a show at this point, I suggested we move along, since Ann and I didn't have a lot of time. I escorted Ann the short distance to the bed, and she got in while the three of us men undressed. It hit me there how no two of us were the same race: a black, an Indian, a white and an Italian. That's when I said that this escapade would make for a great porn video, which prompted Shawn to go over to his bag that he had stashed in the closet where Ann had just changed.

Shawn pulled a camera out of the bag, one that apparently could take photos while it filmed videos. I quickly shot down the idea, knowing Ann would never go for it. However, Shawn was persistent and assured us there would be no harm. Not wanting to waste time having this argument, which was already killing the buzz, Ann and I agreed to allow the camera as long as I was the only one to record. That way, I could make sure our identities were protected in the event that one of the guys allowed the video to leak.

Since I was holding the camera, it left me stuck on the sidelines while Shawn and Mike helped Ann into the bed. As they lay down my wife, their hands were all over her, running up and down her legs, squeezing her breasts and giving special attention to her exposed pussy. Ann was squirming in no time as moans escaped her lips, lips that were soon wrapped around Shawn's black cock as the young man took the liberty of putting it in her mouth. Mike took this opportunity to kneel between Ann's legs and get right to work eating her pussy while I watched on. I may have misspoke when I said I was "stuck"; I was more than happy to watch my beautiful wife be treated to two horny men while I waited my turn.

I didn't even have the presence of mind to begin using the camera in my hands, and the other two guys were having too much fun to remind me. Ann sucked Shawn's dick like the expert cock-sucker I knew she was while Mike lapped at her delicious twat, preparing it for penetration. After a few minutes, Mike pulled away, got on his back and pulled my wife on top of him, forcing her away from that thick black dick-for now. Next, the men donned condoms and applied generous amounts of lube to their penises and to both of Ann's holes, giving us a clue that they really were going to move this threesome right along.

Ann helped Mike slip his cock into her pussy as she knelt over him, while Shawn stood patiently behind them. Watching another cock pierce my wife was always shocking and erotic. I had always thought it would evoke jealousy. However, I knew I had no reason to be jealous. We were doing this for each other. What was happening was wholly sexy and incredibly hot. As my wife, Ann was also my pornstar, and the sexiest pornstar I had ever seen at that. I held my breath as I watched Ann sink down on that Indian cock until the whole thing was inside her, much to Mike's enjoyment as he held tightly to Ann's thighs and moaned with pleasure from filling my wife's vagina.

Ann, on her hands and knees, stayed still and allowed Mike to slowly pump in and out of her beautiful body, certainly fully aware of how lucky he was. As a mere acquaintance had sex with her, Ann either looked straight ahead or over to her left where I was standing, putting herself on display for me. Each time we made eye contact, she smiled and let out a little moan or squeal as Mike continued to pump into her, a bit faster as the moments passed.

After at least a few minutes, Shawn got down on his knees behind the two and lined up his manhood with the only hole in front of him that wasn't already stuffed full of cock: her tight, dark asshole. Going into this year, it had been a long time since Ann had done anal, and she had never tried double penetration. Now as we approached 2019, she had had plenty of both, especially once this night was over. As soon as Shawn's prick poked between Ann's asscheeks, she let out a yelp and fell forward, lying down on top of Mike, sliding her hands under the pillow and resting her head on it, beside Mike's. Shawn went to work getting his dick inside Ann's ass, pushing in about half an inch at a time. Meanwhile, Mike's hands ran up from Ann's thighs up to her back, taking the hem of her lingerie with them and sliding the garment up her back. Once Shawn had half his dick in my wife, he put his hands on her hips and went from there in an effort to cram his whole member inside that constricted space.

Last time Shawn had joined us, he failed to get the entirety of his penis into Ann's ass. While he did have a big prick, his shortcoming had been a lack of replenishing the lubricant. He made no such error this time. In fact, he reapplied the jelly at least three times as he worked his way deeper and deeper into Ann. Plus, both her holes had been sufficiently prepped, which allowed both men to eventually get balls-deep inside her, all as I witnessed it first-hand.

Ann moaned, cursed and even laughed a little as she shot a look over at me. Shawn and Mike grunted as they held tightly to Ann's flesh and configured themselves in the best possible position they could manage. Shawn retracted slightly, giving Ann some space inside her tight holes, and then the men began to fuck her in earnest, taking turns gently prodding her holes, slowly sliding in and out of her as they allowed her to adjust to the sensations. 

Ann's groans of discomfort soon morphed into moans of pleasure as our two friends held her in place and forced their whole lengths inside her, over and over. For a moment, Ann held herself up, first looking behind her at the two assailants probing her sex holes and then over at me. Her smile was a mix of sweet and devilish as she revelled in being on display for her husband, who was still dumbstruck with arousal and unbelief. It was then that Ann asked if I was filming. I had completely forgotten the apparatus had been in my hands!

"Now I am," I said as I snapped to it. Shawn had shown me how to work the camera, so I pointed and hit record. As soon as I let Ann know we were going, she quickly turned her face away and lay down flat on Mike, who was pumping a little faster in and out of her pussy. Ann then slid her hands back under the pillow and buried her head beside Mike's so as to not be identifiable on the camera. Mike also faced away as his hands slip up my wife's back, allowing space for Shawn, who put his hands on Ann's waist as he met Mike's thrusts into my love with thrusts of his own into her ass.

It seemed the filming spurred the guys on to perform their best. Immediately they both began to drive faster in and out of Ann's holes. Mike squeezed Ann's sides and he thrust up hard into her, while Mike held onto Ann's ass, which jiggled a bit each time he slapped against it, slamming his black cock deep inside her shitter with each thrust. Ann moaned, still sounding genuinely pleasured as these men pounded her in a hot double penetration, all while I, lucky bastard I was to be married to such a goddess, recorded the whole thing and snapped a few pictures here and there.

It felt like I had filmed for a lot longer than I did. It turns out it was for just over a minute. Time really did slow down as I watched my new friends pump in and out of my wife. Shawn now balanced himself on one hand, which pressed against the small of Ann's back as he ground deep inside her. He gave her several hard pushes into her ass while Mike continued to fuck her pussy, all as she writhed and moaned between them, her ass still jiggling to the steady smacking of Shawn's flesh against hers.

Shawn alternated between putting one hand on Ann's back and putting two on the sides of her ass, all in an effort to push his manhood as deep inside that inviting butt as possible. Eventually, he put both hands to his sides and grabbed her ankles, lifting her legs slightly off that cheap mattress as the men continued to double-fuck her, Shawn lunging his weight forward with each thrust. He soon needed to balance himself again with one hand but left the other wrapped around her ankle, just above that sexy shoe as he fucked her hard and fast while Mike stay beneath them, doing his best to keep up with Shawn's movement in my wife's ass as her pussy was secured on Mike's own dick.

The three of them moaned, Ann the loudest, as they writhed and slapped against each other in this cheap room. At this point, after a short amount of footage and a few photos, I put the camera down, no longer content to simply watch my wife get ravished. I stepped up next to the bed, beside Ann's head, and held my exposed cock out to my wife, who dutifully took it in her hand and beat me off as she continued to moan from the sensation of having both her holes plundered simultaneously. Then she lowered her head and took me into her mouth, sucking me cock so that all her holes were filled like the sex goddess she is.

Ann held her own very well as three cocks poked and prodded her sexy body, making her airtight. At this point, I was just waiting my turn for another hole but was content to watch my hot wife take those two dicks while she sucked mine. It wasn't much longer, anyway, before Shawn's moans gave away that he was close to cumming. With a loud cry, he sank his nails into Ann's back and his other hand squeezed her ankle tightly. Mike went still on the bottom, while Ann started to suck my dick a bit more vigorously now that her other holes weren't taking as much of a pounding. Shawn kept groaning as he emptied his balls into his condom, his dick still secured to the hilt in my wife's ass until he was finished. Then he gave Ann a playful slap on her butt, pulled out and stepped away.

Shawn's departure from the bed summoned the beginning of act two. He could have left at that point, since we didn't have time for multiple rounds or anything, but he decided to stay back and watch. On the bed, Mike stayed on his back while Ann turned around, lying her back against his chest as I climbed up into the bed and waited for Mike to straddle my wife's ass on his prick. Mike's cock wasn't quite the size of Shawn's, so Ann's butt was pretty well broken in, and Mike didn't have nearly as much trouble getting his whole length in there. Just to be safe, he did apply some more lube.

Ann groaned as that dick pierced her ass and then looked up at me as I waited my cue. It came when she held up both legs and spread them apart, welcoming me to join our new friend in double-penetrating her on that cheap bed in that sketchy room. With all the experience and confidence I needed, I got down to my knees, let Ann's left ankle rest on my right shoulder while the other went around my waist, and then I pressed the tip of my penis into her pink spot, adjacent to that hard Indian prick that was sheathed inside my wife's ass. Ann giggled a bit as I shoved my cock inside her, pushing hard to penetrate her since she was so tight. Mike shifted his weight a bit to pull some of his dick out of Ann's shitter so as to ease my entry into her. That, plus a little lube, and I was balls-deep inside her in no time at all.

For the next few minutes, Mike and I worked up to a hard and steady pace of sawing in and out of my wife. Mike held the sides of her ass, and I leaned forward, wrapping one arm around her leg and fastening my other hand on her left boob after I pushed her top down to expose those lovely tits. Before long, Ann was moaning louder and louder in a tone that I recognized as showing how genuinely aroused she was. After a few minutes of nailing her like that, I leaned forward so that her leg slipped under my arm and my chest pressed against hers as Mike and I continued to fuck her. She was now sandwiched tightly between us and we took turns going in and out of her holes while I kissed and praised her.
