 'Wow, those boys are getting frisky,' Karen said, closing the door behind her. She placed the empty shot glasses on the kitchen table and adjusted her blouse. 'I was lining up the shots in front of the fire and someone made a grab for me, cheeky bugger.'

'Mmm, so it might be working,' Michelle gave Karen a sidelong glance and smiled. She poured a healthy measure of vodka into a glass bowl, mixing some blue dye to give it a wonderful cobalt colour. 

'What might be working?' Elvy asked, passing a bottle of schnapps to Michelle, who poured half a bottle into the bowl.

'A little something that my boyfriend, the eminent Doctor, has been playing with,' Karen giggled. 'Laura, pass me that brown bottle on the side.'

Laura slipped from her stool and fetched the bottle, handing it to Karen. This was Laura's first night out with the girls, and she was having the most fun tonight than she had in all her 19 years. They had nicknamed her BFM -- built for porn -- cos of her pneumatic figure and pouting lips. It was all well meaning and harmless fun.

She had been invited by Elvy, a work colleague, to come along on a night of drink and debauchery. Elvy was a cute Filipino, standing 4 foot eleven in her stocking feet. She had soft olive skin, beautiful black hair and a voluptuous figure that she wrapped in a smart suit most days. Tonight she had a slim skirt and Chinese pattern top, which seemed to lose a button every couple of drinks. She was married to a partner at a law firm, but enjoyed her freedom and was fiercely independent.

Elvy had introduced Laura to Michelle and Karen. Laura could tell these two were close. Michelle was statuesque, athletic yet curvy. A raven haired brunette with an infectious smile and a wicked glint in her eye. Karen was petite but muscular, shoulder length blonde and a dancer's physique. The four of them had hit it off immediately, and they treated Laura like their younger sister.

The night started off at a cocktail lounge, drinking expensive cocktails while chatting together and innocently flirting with the waiters. Then they moved on to a clique pub before dancing the night away at an exclusive nightclub. It was at the nightclub that Michelle had been chatted up by a couple of guys, who turned out to be on a stag do. They had the whole lot of them buying drinks and acting like alpha males until closing time, then Michelle had invited them all to her house. Michelle, Karen and Elvy were fun-time girls, indeed.

Karen held the brown bottle close to Elvy, allowing a waft of vapour to pass under her nostrils. Elvy wrinkled her nose. 'So what is that?' she said.

'My boyfriend likes to play around with his pharmaceuticals. I used to wake up some mornings with a sore bum and no recollection of the night before. I used to blame the alcohol, but I found this little concoction in his cabinet. Guess what? The good doctor had been drugging me to have some weird fun with me. Ha, crazy thing is I enjoyed it all!'

'So this brown stuff is . .?' Elvy sniffed again. 

Michelle held up the bottle and poured several measures into the glass bowl. 'It's a clever mix of rohypnol and Viagra, with a few other 'perk me up' drops from the Doctor's medicine cabinet. Enough so that anyone drinking will lose their inhibitions and be incrediably horny at the same time. It won't make anyone do what they don't want to do, but with the added bonus of a "guilt-free" pass 'cos they won't remember anything in the morning!'

'Wha - -!' Elvy exclaimed, 'You mean all the boys in the lounge have had a taste? Why bother, all men are randy dogs anyway. They would shag a cat if it wore suspenders, the lot of them.'

'Look girls,' Karen sat down at the table, 'It's a guilt free fantasy session for us, too. I mean, who knows what they're like in there. They could all be snoring their drunken heads off. Or they could all be happy and we just have a relaxing night of it. Whatever. But I just fancied trying something out, and you know what, it's been a secret fantasy of mine to see if I can command the attention of a group of boys, and I thought this spicy juice would be fun.'

'My boyfriend is out of the country on one of his 'oh-so-important' business trips,' Michelle said, 'So we have the run of his mansion and can act like single girls. Anyway, when was the last time you had a shag, Elvy?'

'Hmph,' Elvy folded her arms, 'I wouldn't give my husband the satisfaction on his birthday. So, I don't know. A few years?'

'How do you feel about it Laura?' Karen said.

'Oh, I'll just go with the flow,' Laura said. 'I'm just having fun.'

'Ok girls, let's get this show on the road,' Michelle lifted the tray of shot glasses and shimmied through the door.

The lounge was enormous. It stretched the full length of the mansion, a pool table at one end, a large fireplace at the other. In between a selection of club sofas and chairs dotted the area, upon which lounged groups of the stag party guys. 

A few of the lads cheered as Michelle levelled the tray of shots, cocking her hips to one side 'Who wants some?' she grinned. Karen followed behind her, taking glasses and thrusting them into eager hands. 

Laura peeked around the door, nervously casting around for a place to sit. There was a spare place on a four-seater at the other side of the room. Elvy patted her on the arse and moved past, sashaying through the room to sit on the arm of the sofa. Laura followed sheepishly. But she couldn't help but glance at the row of guys that were beaming up at her. She returned their smiles, and her eyes widened as she caught sight of the lumps in their trousers. It was if they had a stick of rock in their pockets, and they didn't seem to realise. 

Laura skipped over to Elvy and sat next to her and whispered in her ear, 'Have you seen all these guys have erections?'

Elvy smiled and nodded. 'It's because we look so good.'

Across the room Michelle pulled a guy up from the sofa and started to dance with him in front of the fire. The flickering light silhouetted their bodies as they moved to the rhythm of the music.

Karen slipped into the gap on the sofa left by the dancing partner and squeezed between two guys. She placed a hand on each lap and trailed her fingernails up and down their legs. She nestled between the two guys broad shoulders, watching her friend move closer to the bloke she danced with. He was handsome, short blonde hair and a square jaw, his arms and thighs toned through exercise. She vaguely remembered that most of them played football, and liked the way his tight shirt showed off his muscular arms.

Michelle moved her hips against the guy and slowly ground her pelvis against his, working in a relaxed, circular motion. Karen squirmed in her seat, feeling the pleasant sensation in her loins flare. She felt her panties moisten and she shifted her legs apart, tapping her knees against the guy's legs either side of her. 

She felt their stares on her body and smiled secretly. They would have a great view of her cleavage. Even the thought of that made her nipples stiffen. She played her fingers up and down their legs, moving lower and lower - until she casually brushed her hands against their rock hard cocks. Both of the blokes flinched simultaneously, one of them letting out a groan. 

'Why don't you guys undo your buttons and relax a little,' Karen said.

Enthusiastically, the guys unbuttoned their jeans. Karen's hands coaxed the cocks out into the open and she purred as she stroked her hands up and down their lengths, rubbing her fingers over the cockheads. She concentrated on the motion of her hands, sliding up, pausing for a quick rub, then pulling down slow but firm. At the base of their cocks she clawed at their balls, hot and heavy, and then started the motion over again. Not unlike gripping a couple of ski's, she thought to herself. 

One of the guys kissed her neck and nape, blowing softly into her ear and nibbling on her lobe. It made her gasp and she stretched her neck to encourage him further. His tongue rasped on her skin and she purred some more at the wonderful sensations. 

Her hands worked in unison on the guy's erections, slipping up the shafts and back down, fingers holding tight as she felt their legs tremble. I wonder if I can time this so that they both cum together? She thought playfully. Her hands were slick with pre-cum and she could feel the guys holding their breath's in anticipation. Karen was enjoying herself. Two cocks in her hands. 

The guy on her left groaned and Karen watched as a stream of cum erupted from the slit on his purple head. It shot up high and landed on her leg. She pumped her hands again and another stream of cum arced into the air. A moan on her right and a jet of cum jerked into the air from the other cock. Both guys now coming in unison, their cum splashing down on Karen's calves and thighs. Karen continued to play 'ski instructor' with the guys cocks, squeezing the last drops out.

There was a cheer and a ripple of applause from the room and Karen became aware that all the lads in their vicinity had been watching them. She grinned at the crowd and slurped her cum soaked fingers, which raised a further cheer. The two lads she had pleasured flopped back into the sofa, sighing in satisfaction.

Michelle and her dancing partner had watched Karen's crescendo. Michelle loved to spy on her friend in action, and she had slipped the guys hand under her blouse to cup her breast. The dancing partner had twigged quickly and he caressed Michelle's breasts, his other hand joining in the fun. He held her heavy breasts in both hands, his thumb grazing her nipples. 

Michelle continued to dance, undulating her body against the guy whilst watching the dual wanking job her friend was performing. She raised her hands above her head, allowing the bloke's hands free reign to grope her. He squeezed her tits hard, and was a little too rough, but this was just what she needed after the quick and thoughtless fuck her boyfriend had given her the night before his trip.

She was lost in the feeling of strong hands on her boobs when another hand placed itself on her bum, and another on her stomach. Suddenly she felt half a dozen hands on her body, and she fluttered her eyes closed, dancing slowly with her hands reaching high. 

Hands roamed over her body, some soft and sensual, others calloused and hungry. They slid over her flesh, pressing against her skin and moving wherever they wanted. She felt the buttons to her jeans pop and hands slide under the material, pulling her pants down over her legs. Hands smoothed over her arse and up and down her legs, spread fingers inching up her inner thighs and tantalisingly stroking around her pussy. 

Sets of hands continued to crush against her breasts, stomach, back and legs, but Michelle's focus was with the long fingers that tickled at her Brazilian and probed at the soft lips of her pussy. A finger caressed her slit then slipped into her, pushing up to the knuckle joint and curling up on itself. Michelle gasped and rose up on her tip-toes, arching her back at the sensations and she had to reach out to steady herself. 

Her blouse was loosened and undone, exposing her breasts to eager mouths. She held on to shoulders either side, moaning loudly as another finger joined the first in her wet pussy, both gently rubbing the inside of her pussy, moving in a 'come hither' motion that stroked her G-spot gently but incessantly. Mouths were kissing her back and legs now, wet tongues sliding around her body. The multiple touches were driving her crazy and she gripped hard on her supportive shoulders. 

A mouth found its way along her thigh and to the entrance of her snatch. She was moaning loudly now, in concert with the fingers deep within her and the mouth licking gently at her slick wet pussy lips, catching her clit momentarily. She began to tremble, her body shaking as if minor earthquakes ripped through her. She had the sensation of floating and realised her legs were being lifted up to shoulder height, spread wide and held firmly. She relaxed her arms out as she was held up off the ground, as if a sacrifice being led to the altar of a pagan god. 

Her stomach clenched and another tremor rippled through her, an orgasm like no other building up and threatening to explode. Michelle yelled her delight at the ceiling as hands, fingers and mouths worshipped her body. A spasm knotted within her and suddenly she was cumming, her legs and arms held firmly as she fought to thrash around, the orgasm crashing and rippling through her entire body.

Michelle was on the verge of tears as the mouth and fingers rode her onto another orgasm, wave upon wave of intolerable joy raged within, her pussy flooding wet with juices. She bit down hard on her lip as another tense rippling orgasm shook the spirit from her very body and she felt, in that moment, as if she were connected to every living thing. She gasped, the intense feeling washing out from her flower to her extremities, then subsided to leave her heaving and panting for breath.

The half a dozen guys that held her aloft lay her carefully on a vacant sofa. Michelle, uncaring that she was naked and exposed in the most vulnerable of ways, propped herself up on one elbow to see where her friends were. And what she saw made her giggle.

Before all this happened, and as Karen was amusing the two guys next to her and Michelle watched and danced, the guy behind her with his hand up her blouse, Elvy had decided to liven things up around her end of the room.

'Hey, joe,' she called out to a guy at random, 'You want to come over here and meet my friend?' The guy staggered over, to a few envious stares, and sat down beside Laura.

'What are you doing?' Laura whispered. 'I was fine the way it was.'

Elvy nudged her friend. 'You want to know how to control men? You will need to with boobs like that or else they will dominate you,' she said. 'You need to know what triggers a man. Watch this guys eyes while I talk to him.'

Laura sat back whilst Elvy took over the conversation.

'So , big fella, where are you from?' Elvy smiled brightly and crossed her petite legs in front of him, the skirt riding up to her mid thighs, revealing succulent honey-brown legs. The guys eyes flickered downwards, then off to the side as he reached for a beer. Elvy asked him another question, rearranging her position so that a slip of her white panties flashed on the hem of her black skirt. The guys eyes never waivered as he took a sip from his beer.

Elvy winked at Laura and leant forward to ask another question. Immediately the guys gaze glued to Elvy's cleavage, the succulent brown orbs nestled within her half unbuttoned Chinese shirt. They chatted for a few minutes, Laura watching the guys eyes flash up to Elvy's face but downward again to linger over her breasts. They stopped chatting after a minute and Elvy waved him away with the back of her hand.

'Bingo boy,' she said, 'Eyes down for a full house.'

Laura was amazed. She glanced over at the events with the other girls, but leaned in close as Elvy talked to her. 'He's a breast man. And lucky for me I have a "secret treasure" for such an occasion.'

'So you discovered what he likes -- and then you play him for it?' Laura glanced down at her own breasts, strapped within the tank top she wore. The noise from the other side of the room drew everyone's attention, even the guy Elvy had chatted to.

With an evil glint in her eye Elvy walked round to the guy and knelt in front of him. He glanced down at her, but was torn over watching the free sex show or chatting some more with the Filipino. But Elvy was in no mood to talk. 

She reached up to her shirt and unbuttoned the rest, letting the shirt hang loose whilst her breasts, large and pert, bounce free and half hidden. She had his full attention then. She leant forward and unbuckled his belt and pulled his pants down around his ankles. His cock lolled from side to side, proud, erect and "oh my goodness" the biggest thing Laura had ever seen. She felt her mouth water but Elvy was in command. Elvy cooed and fluttered her large eyelashes, beaming a smile at the guy as she lowered her mouth over the purple head and gently kissed the crown. A leak of pre-cum coated her lips and her tongue snaked out to taste the saltiness. 

Laura gasped and reached out to steady the weighty member. Elvy ducked her head down the shaft and her lips came to rest against Laura's fingers. Their eyes met and Elvy began to bob up and down on the guys cock, who threw his head back and groaned. Laura slid her hand up and down in time with Elvy's mouth, quickening her pace as Elvy quickened. Elvy grabbed the guys balls in one hand, milking it gently, then pulled her mouth off his cock and pursed her lips close to the head. 

Laura felt the cock throb in her hand, a pulse rising quickly up and then a jet of white cum spurted out, blasting against Elvy's lips and chin. Her hand pumped down again and the cum jettisoned out again, spraying Elvy's cheek and nose, again and again the man shot his load, thick and creamy and dripping from Elvy's perfect features. The guy groaned again and slumped back exhausted. 

But Laura wasn't satisfied. She leant forward and lapped at the cum on Elvy's face, licking her friend like a cat slurping at a saucer of cream. Her hand snaked down and fondled Elvy's breast, fingers finding the erect nipple and tweaking it with expert fingers as only a girl's fingers can. Elvy moaned and returned the hot tongue, their kisses mingling sperm with every thrust of their tongues.

Karen sat up out of her reverie and looked about her. Michelle had a group of lads around her, and Karen encouraged their fervour and exploring hands until they picked Michelle up and held her atop their shoulders. The she heard Elvy and the new girl, Laura. Their lesbian antics unmistakable and she gathered a couple of lads by the hand and drew them round the two girls, undressing the lads and pushing them forward so that they accompanied the girls, not interrupting but entwining. So soft white flesh and soft brown flesh joined with hard white and hard black flesh. 

Karen knelt down and took a moment to kiss Elvy full on the mouth, then sucked at a nearby cock, it's long black shaft and purple head probing aimlessly as its owner was busy elsewhere. Karen pulled the steel hard erection up to Elvy's mouth and shoved it inside her lips. The thing slipped in with a pop and Elvy's eyes half closed in ecstacy.

Karen crawled over and stroked Laura's ass. Laura was busy feasting on a lads face, four hands roaming over her curves. Karen dipped to her breast, flicking a tongue at her nipple and then sucking hard, before releasing and finding a nearby cock to guide towards Laura's trim pussy. The lad she was guiding had to straddle her ass, but he let himself be led and Karen teased his cock against Laura's wet slit. With a slap on his ass, Karen let the lad thrust forward. Laura squealed, despite her mouthful, and the lad started fucking her hot snatch.

She stood up in time to watch Michelle being rolled onto a spare couch. Half a dozen guys stood watching Michelle, they were grasping their cocks, idly playing their hands along the shafts like they were whistling a tune on a flute. This was it, Karen thought. My attentive audience.

Leaving the entangled orgy of limbs behind her she staggered to the group of guys that had pleasured Michelle. Without a word she dropped to her knees and grabbed the nearest two pricks and pulled them towards her. She pulled at the guy's legs until she had everyone's attention, stroking thighs and teasing cocks until they all stood in a rough circle around her. 

Michelle propped herself up on a couple of cushions and watched the scene unfold. Karen brushed her hair behind her ears, kneeling in a prim position, legs together and hands placed on her lap. 
