 An older, black Audi pulled up outside the old factory building, just after four pm. For Joe McKay it was another day at the office. When he wasn't performing on stage, he was on publicity tours. Such was life for a half-decent stand-up comedian. He had flown in yesterday and was booked for a couple of shows in the weekend. Thursday was supposed to be a day off to relax, but his agent insisted that he did this thing. Said it would be a great way to get some younger fans. Halfway into the whisky bottle, he had given in to her insistance. That was last night.

Joe stepped out of the rental, and his well-selected boots made a creaking sound in the fresh snow. He could tell by the lack of other tire tracks that he was the only guest. The sun had already set, and the area was quiet. It was definitely a trend, and he wasn't sure if he liked it: Old brick buildings being turned into alternative theaters for young, aspiring comedians and actors. This one in particular was supposedly one of the trendiest, an improv stage that attracted the young demographic nearby. He'd never been there, of course, but his agent had only good things to say about it.

Warm light emerged from the windows of just one of the buildings, so he figured that was his destination. He sighed as he walked through the deep snow. What a stupid way to spend the afternoon. He would rather have been at the hotel, drinking a nice scotch by the fireplace while browsing Tinder. 

"Come on in. Third door to the left," a female voice said in the intercom. He soon found the studio and entered the door.

"Hiiii!" a young woman said, and got up from her chair. "I'm Kylie. Welcome to our little den! We've been so excited about having you over," she said with a big smile. 

"Thanks. A pleasure to be here," he said and took her hand. It felt soft and warm in his larger, colder palm. She was a petite, young brunette, about 5'5 with a slim build. Very cute. Her face reflected her slender build; oval, with high cheekbones. Her straight, dark hair fell down to her shoulder blades, and contrasted her pale face. Did she have some French in her? 

She looked into his eyes and he realized he had held her hand too long. "Uh, it's freezing out there," he said, and let it slide.

"Thank god for central heating," Kylie said, and led him over to his designated studio chair. The other girl, Emily, nodded to him, but kept her headphones on. 

"She's preparing the show," Kylie explained, "Checking the sound bites and jingles."

"Ah," said Joe, and tried not to stare. Apart from the height, the two girls were quite different. Emily was blonde, and significantly curvier than her colleague. Especially up top. He guessed she was a few years older than Kylie, but both of them had to be at least 20 years younger than him. He was pleasantly surprised.

Kylie and Joe small-talked for a while. Soon, Emily removed her headphones and told them everything was ready.

Kylie explained the concept of their podcast, which had a surprising amount of subscribers. Each week, the hosts interviewed a new guest about their life. At any time, one of the girls would ring a bell, and then the other host and the guest had to improvise the most recently discussed situation. Often with some sort of absurd improv rule applied. Joe admitted he had never heard the podcast, but he liked the idea, and a few minutes later they got started. To his surprise, the conversation and skits flowed easily. The girls were surprisingly funny and quick to catch up to his antics. Maybe there was hope for the next generation of comedians after all, he thought. 

Two hours later, they were done. 

"Hah, that was more fun that I had expected," Joe admitted, and took his headphones off.

"Yeah, you were great," Emily said, before she turned to the controls to shut everything down. "The perfect guest to wrap up the season with!"

"Thanks, but you made it easy. You're both very talented," he replied. He put his jacket on, looking forward to a quiet celebration at the hotel. These young women had stirred up some dirty thoughts in his mind.

"No, you should stay and celebrate with us! We have champagne in the fridge!" Kylie said and put her hand on his arm.

"I don't know... I really should get going..." Joe started, but was quickly shut down.

"No, no, we need to trick you into sharing all your secrets from the biz with us!" the brunette argued. 

Joe had never been good at saying no to a party, and especially not when young women were involved. 

"OK, a glass of champagne couldn't hurt," he agreed.

-

The fridge turned out to be located a five minute walk away. It was a modern and elegant one bedroom apartment that the two of them apparently shared. 

"So, what's it really like to be on tour?" the blonde asked him, holding her third empty glass in her left hand while she put her right on his shoulder. She was wearing a short dress which rode up, showing off her pantyhosed, crossed legs.

"I bet it must be so much fun!" the brunette said to his right. 

He was sandwiched between them on the couch in their apartment, one aspiring female comedian on either side of him. "Just play cool and mysterious," he thought to himself, a strategy he had perfected over the years.

"Sure, it can be fun. You meet a lot of interesting people." he said, not mentioning the numbing hours on the road, the hopeless local managers, or the endless lack of sleep.

"Mhmm... I bet you party a lot!" Emily said, and the girls giggled. 

"It happens." He smiled calmly. 

The brunette, Kylie put her hand on his leg, stroking it slowly. "We've heard some stories," she continued, "about your parties".

"Oh, is that so?" Joe was slowly catching on. "Yeah, I guess it's true that I did have some crazy nights in my younger years," he added, looking into Emily's warm eyes. 

The busty blonde crawled a bit closer to him. "Hey, you're not that old," she said. "What, like 35-36?" 

"Hah!" he thought, but played along. "Something like that."

"Well, you look really fit and strong," Kylie said and squirmed closer, feeling his biceps. "Mmm, yes!" she giggled. "Check out these arms, Emily," she added, and the blonde put her hands on him as well. 

"Oooh!" she said.

Joe smiled. "Well, life on stage is surprisingly exhausting. You really have to stay in shape, or you risk burning out. And then you lose."

"Really?" Emily asked with a smile.

"Yeah, it's a dog-eat-dog world," he replied, then reached out to squeeze both women's asses. Kylie's was tighter, he noted, but Emily's was big and round, and he liked that too. 

"But it seems like you're both working out, so I bet you'll be fine..."

He let his hand slide up their backs and pulled them towards him. They both smiled in anticipation, and he took that as an invitation. He kissed Emily first. The blonde eagerly kissed him back, her tongue sending sparks down his spine. He pulled back, and she looked at him with a deep hunger. Turning to Kylie, she immediately attacked him, with a deep kiss. Her hand started stroking his growing erection through his pants. As she pulled away from the kiss, her eyes revealed the same craving he had seen in the blonde.

Joe knew he was in. He reached over to Kylie, and pulled her top up. The brunette giggled and helped him. Emily took the hint and pulled her own top off. With a trained hand, he reached behind both girls and unclasped their bras with one hand. 

"Oooh!" Kylie said, half-joking, but also half impressed. She removed her bra, revealing her smallish, but perfectly shaped tits.

"Nice!" Joe said and squeezed them. Her nipples were long and stiff. Emily cleared her throat, demanding their attention. They both looked over at her. 

"I believe you want to see these, Joe?" she said, holding her big titties in a handbra. 

"Bring it on!" Joe said, letting his hand slide down Kylie's back. 

Emily teased him, sliding her hands around, slowly lower and lower. Finally she let them loose. 

"Wow! They are perfect!" Large, firm and teardrop shaped. 

"Yeah, they're pretty amazing, don't you think?" Kylie said, and reached over to her blonde, busty friend. She squeezed her soft flesh between her fingers. Joe pulled Emily closer and took the other breast in his mouth, sucking on the nipple. 

"Mmm-hmm!" he replied, his voice muffled by the warm flesh.

"Speaking of firm things...," Kylie said. Her hand was still stroking his bulge. 

"How about we remove those pants?" Joe grinned. Here he was, over 40 and women in their early twenties were still trying to undress him. Even minor celebrity status did have some perks.

Kylie slipped down on her knees in front of him. He kept her gaze as she slowly unbuttoned his pants. The topless brunette looked stunning in her own black jeans, who seemed to be painted on. She really had a beautiful face, he had to admit. The young woman opened the last button, and began to drag his pants down. He lifted his ass a bit to help her. With a big smile, she pulled his pants down, and in the process, his boxer briefs followed suit. Finally free, his dick popped out, standing proudly before them. 

"Ooh, it's a big one, Emily!" the brunette giggled. She had seen a surprising number of dicks in her 21 years, but this was one of the more impressive ones. 

"Mmm, just the way we like them, Kylie!" the blonde replied, and put her hand around his shaft. "It's beautiful..." she added, and licked her lips, "so long... and thick..."

Kylie crawled closer. She smiled knowingly at her friend. Since that wild night two years ago, the two of them always fucked guys together. It was just so much more fun! Of course, not every guy could handle the two vixens, but they had become increasingly good at judging who could. And their instincts about Joe McKay had not been wrong so far.

Joe grinned as the two young women started kissing and licking his cock. He had to admit he was proud of the old thing. It had never let him down. At eight and a half inches, and quite girthy, it always impressed women, without scaring them away. And it was always hard when he needed it.

"Yeah, that's it," he said and put his hands on their heads. "Just like that." Kylie and Emily had wrapped their tongue around his cock from each side, and delicately moved in sync up and down from the base to the purple tip. 

"Get it nice and slick!" With a growing ache in their pussies , the girls obliged, kissing and licking his big cock between them. Suddenly their lips met at the tip, and Joe grinned again as the two young women hungrily kissed each other. There were different kinds of MFF threesomes, Joe knew, but this seemed to be the best type. 

Soon the girls took turns sucking on the head while the other fondled the balls. When Kylie took an impressive six or seven inches down her throat, Joe couldn't help but groan loudly. It felt amazing, and he was surprised such a young woman was able to accomplish what more experienced women rarely could.

In the meantime Joe had pulled up Emily's skirt to find her pantyhose-covered pussy on fire. He rubbed her slowly through the fabric for a moment, before deciding to rip off her panties. He pulled her pantyhose and small g-string down to her knees, then focused on that sweet, young pussy. She was smoothly shaven, and her puffy lips had parted slightly. He slipped a finger inside, which forced a muffled moan from her as she sucked down his fat sausage. With his thumb he started rubbing her swollen clit simultaneously.

Kylie took the opportunity to remove her own pants. Making sure she had Joe's attention, she turned her back to him, but kept his gaze. She bent over and slowly pulled her remaining garments off. Her panties lingered a second at her moist, thick lips, before they too fell to the floor. She noted with a sly smile that Joe liked what he saw. She knew she was hot. She didn't have the biggest ass, but her many hours in the studio had sculpted it to a round, muscular perfection. 

"Very nice!" his grin said wordlessly. Kylie put a finger in her mouth and sucked on it. Joe's grin grew even bigger, and so would his cock have done, if it were possible, when the petite brunette let the finger slide in between the fat lips and into the vagina. The older man had seen many pussies in his 42-year-old life, but this one was a beauty only matched by the one he was currently fingering. And he had every intention to appreciate both to the full extent .

Emily sucked slowly and tightly up and down his length, although she was only able to get about 4 inches inside without gagging. Joe's fingers felt so good rubbing her soaked pussy, that she almost lost her rhythm a few times. It was so different from young guys, who just pistoned their fingers in and out. This man knew his way around a pussy, and it made her so wet!

Meanwhile Kylie kept teasing Joe with her show. She had moved up on the couch, but on all fours, she kept her ass towards him as she rubbed her pussy sensually. Joe reached out and scooped up some of the juices that ran down her thighs. 

"Mmm, yummy!" he said as he tasted her wetness.

Emily felt his hand grab her head gently and pull her back. Reluctantly, she let his member slip out of her mouth, and sat back in anticipation. Joe grabbed Kylie by the hips and pulled her towards him. 

"Oh, hell yeah!" Emily thought. She just loved when men took control. It was so sexy.

Kylie climbed on top of his lap. "Ready?" he asked Kylie, but wasted no time probing her with his right index finger. She nodded and grabbed his dick. She rubbed it back and forth against her entrance, moaning deeply as it hit her clit. Joe grabbed her round, tight ass and gave her support as she gently pushed down on him. 

"That's it," he said to the 21-year-old brunette, "just take your time." 

Kylie nodded, as she slowly worked her pussy up and down on the tip. She was too tight and wouldn't-

"Aaah," they both groaned as his mighty cock slid into her warm, wet heaven. 

"Oh god, it's really big!" Kylie moaned, but started to ride him. Every time the petite brunette let her round ass touch the older man's thighs, he slipped deeper inside. 

"God, how I love big cocks!" she thought to herself, as she felt her pussy stretch around the thick rod. She tried to relax her pussy, but it wasn't responding to her brain's command. Joe, on the other hand, couldn't believe how tight the young woman felt. With his large girth, he was used to some tightness, but this girl was incredible. 

With every bounce, Kylie's hot pussy slid snugly over his sensitive cock head, and he couldn't help but groan. Thank god he wasn't 19 anymore, or he would have sprayed his cum inside her twice already.

Soon Kylie had gotten seven inches or so inside her pussy, and she was working up a good rhythm. Joe moved perfectly in sync with her, fucking her hard as she dropped down on him. 

"God, it feels amazing," she thought. However, soon after she realized that Emily was left out. 

"Let's move this to the bed," Kylie said, and before she had time to react, Joe had picked her up, his cock still deep inside her. 

She gasped and put her hands around his neck. The girls then giggled, as Joe took Emily's hand in his own and led her along, still holding Kylie on his chest with one arm.

"Ooh, you're so strong, Joe!" Emily said. "What a stud, Kylie!"

"Mmmhmm," the brunette replied.

"In here," Emily said, and led them to the bedroom. 

Joe noted with pleasure the king-size bed the two chicks shared. Lots of room for activities. He turned and sat down on the edge of the bed, still deep inside the brunette. They squirmed further up to the center, and Kylie started to ride him again. The pause had done them well. Her pussy had relaxed somewhat, and her juices had spread all over his cock, making it nice and slick. 

She started to ride him slowly again, as Joe pulled Emily towards him. She had removed her skirt, and for the first time he saw her beautiful cunt from the front. It was nice and puffy, with a small patch of hair above her big clit.

Joe pulled her to his face and kissed her deeply, then grabbed her thighs and motioned for her to sit on his face. She eagerly obliged, facing her friend. The girls kissed passionately as Joe spread Emily's big ass cheeks and buried his face in her sweet pussy.

Kylie loved this. A nice cock filling up her pussy, and sweet female kisses at the same time was something she would never grow tired of. She had long known she was bi, but it had taken the two girls way too long to find out that this was something they had in common. Sure, she had noticed Emily's glances through their younger years, but had assumed it was just teenage curiousity. 

It hadn't been until Kylie's 19th birthday that her two year older neighbor had risked their friendship for something more. It was a gamble that had paid off heavily. They moved in together not long after, but had always agreed that they needed men in their life too. As Kylie started grinding harder and faster on the big cock inside her, she knew she would always crave men as well.

Joe groaned deeply. He moved his hips in sync with the brunette while licking the blonde with an experienced tongue. He knew the trick to a good threesome was to never let anyone feel left out, and he was determined to make this the best threesome these girls had ever had. It wasn't his first, but it had been a while since the last time, and he would love to make it a regular activity.

"Aaah, aaah!" Kylie moaned. Her pussy couldn't take it anymore. She had tried to hold her orgasm back, but it just felt too good. Joe noticed her pussy started to spasm, and made his thrusts deeper and harder, pulling back as far as he could without falling out of her tight hole. This pushed her even further over the edge. 

"Oh god, oh, oh, oh... oh GOD! Aaaah!" the brunette screamed as she came on his cock. She kept riding him through her orgasm, until finally she collapsed forward on his thighs and slipped off. 

"Mmm... that looked good," Emily said and crawled off Joe's face. "My turn!" she said with a grin and started to straddle him.

Joe got up and threw her down on her back on the bed. 

"Not so fast," he said and moved in between her inviting legs. "Ready?" he asked the blonde, but this time he got a feisty response. 

"I am. But are you sure you're ready for this hot thing, old man?" She pushed her big, soft tits together and licked her lips. "Can you take another tight, young pussy tonight? I would hate to have to dig out my dildo!" 

"Hah!" Joe laughed, and placed his cock at her opening. "I'm going to fuck you like you've never been fucked before," he said, and pushed his hips slowly forward. Her pussy resisted him. He put slightly more pressure on it, and suddenly her pussy let him in. His cock slid into her depths, and they both moaned in unison. 

Emily loved teasing the male ego. It always worked. She loved a good pounding, and she just knew her antics would make it so. Sure enough, after a slow start to work his length into her, he started to fuck her hard. 

"Ah! Ah!" she moaned. "Fuck, he's huge," she thought, but she wasn't about to let him know. Not yet. He pounded her hard, but slow. With every thrust, his large dick pushed her pussy open, and she loved it. She felt so full.

Joe resisted the urge to go faster. Watching those big, soft boobies bounce with each hip thrust, he knew he would come too fast if he did. Instead, he played the long con. He was patient. He knew he would win if he just used his experience. And at that exact moment, Kylie showed up at his left. He chuckled.

Kylie was slowly coming out of her post-orgasm bliss, and crawled up to her girlfriend's side. She looked so hot there, getting fucked by that stud, the brunette thought. She couldn't resist, and gave her a deep, passionate kiss. The blonde vixen responded fully, sending shivers down her spine with her sweet tongue. Kylie reached down and let her fingers slide through the small tuft of hair. Her expert fingers found their way to her clit, and started to rub the base of it between them. 
