 "Attractive, horny couple looking for other couples, women or men for good times. She is 28, blonde, nice tits and shaved pussy. He is 32, cut cock, could be bi with the right guy. Love watersports, anal. Photo with reply essential."

I had come upon the above ad while surfing through an Internet sex site, and it caught my attention for a number of reasons. Not the least of these was an accompanying photograph, showing a cute, smiling girl with a wide, full, red mouth and long, rather unruly, curly blonde hair. The idea of fucking a babe like this - in front of her boyfriend - was tempting indeed. Watersports were one of my kinks too, and I had often played piss games with my girlfriend. The couple, I noted, lived in my city. Did I dare contact them?

Now, my girlfriend and I had taken other girls to bed with us a couple of times, but I'd never been in bed with a man and a women before. And I confess that there was another reason why the ad attracted me. While I've always considered myself basically straight, I love to experiment sexually, and I'd found that lately, when surfing the net for hardcore porn, I'd been taking almost as much interest in the cocks as the cunts. I'd started to fantasise about sucking a cock, and here, maybe, was a way of fulfilling my fantasy.

But was the notice real? I'm skeptical about everything on the Net, and it looked too good to be true. I emailed a brief note however, saying I would be interested in meeting up with them, and attached a photo of my face.

A reply came back almost immediately from the guy, who signed himself Greg. Yes, he and Tina would like to meet me, he said. He suggested the following Friday night, at a bar in the city that I knew.

Accompanying this email were three photo attachments. I clicked on the first. It showed the blonde girl in the original photo, standing next to a good-looking guy with light brown hair. They were standing, holding drinks in their hands, looking like they were at a party. The next photo showed the blonde girl sitting on a couch. This time she was naked, her legs spread, and her pussy was shaved like it said in the ad. The third photo showed Greg. He was sitting on a deck chair by a swimming pool, naked as well, his erect cock flat against his belly.

The photos excited me tremendously. I got my cock out and masturbated to them until I came. Then I emailed them, saying that I could meet them on Friday. In light of the photos they had sent me, I also found a disk on which I had stored some photos that my girlfriend and I had taken of each other naked. I selected a couple with my cock showing and included them with the email.

I'll admit that, for the rest of that week, I thought about little else but our planned meeting. Part of me remained skeptical that anything would happen. I would get to the bar, I was sure, have a drink, then another, wait in vain for Greg and Tina, then go home feeling stupid. But what if it actually happened? I'd get so excited, sitting at my desk at work, that I'd have to go into the toilets to have a wank.

Finally Friday evening came. Some last minute problems at work kept me back and I arrived at the bar about half an hour late. Almost immediately I recognised Greg sitting - by himself - at a table, dressed in a T-shirt and jeans. Where was Tina? I wondered. Again alarm bells began to go off. Did she really exist? But she had been in that photo with Greg. Perhaps she was just running late? I stayed at the bar, keeping out of Greg's line of sight, waiting to see if she would arrive. About ten minutes passed but she didn't.

Fuck it, I thought, this whole thing is probably ridiculous. I might as well get it over with, one way or another. I walked over to Greg's table.

His face broadened into a smile when he saw me. "Hey, you made it," he said. "I was beginning to think you wouldn't. Can I get you a drink?"

I said I'd have a beer, and he went to the bar. I sat down at the table, feeling sort of uncomfortable. He came back and sat facing me.

"Uh, so where's Tina?" I said.

"Held up at work," he said, looking at his watch. "She should be here in about twenty minutes.

Sure, I thought. Well, I'd give it half an hour, and if she hadn't arrived by then I was out of there. 

We both stared at our beers for a few moments. I asked him how long they had been together, and he said six years - married for the last three. I asked him if he'd had much response to his ad. He said that they had first run it a few months ago, and had so far met up with two guys who answered it. "They first guy," he said, "well, we really didn't find him attractive, but we were sort of intimidated because it was our first time. Anyway, I let him fuck Tina and watched it, but I didn't really enjoy it. That was a mistake, we realise now. The second guy was great though."

I asked him what had prompted him to place his ad. "Well, it's kind of strange," he said. "When Tina and I first got together, I was really possessive of her. I didn't even like the idea of another guy seeing her naked. And as she's a bit of an exhibitionist I used to get angry with her. But after a while I got the idea that I'd like to watch another guy fucking her. 

"I knew she'd always fancied my best friend, Will, so one night when Will and I were out drinking I asked him if he'd like to do it. He was real surprised, I'll tell you, but he said he'd love to. So anyway we went back to my place. Tina was there and really into it, and I let him fuck her. He fucked her pussy and ass while I watched, and it was the most exciting thing I'd ever seen."

As he said this I heard a cheerful voice say, "Well, hi!" I looked up and saw Tina standing there, and I was thrilled to see she looked as good in the flesh as in the photos. He blonde hair was tied in a ponytail and she was wearing a simple, sleeveless light blue dress with buttons down the front. It was quite tight across her chest, emphasising the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra.

"Hi," I said. She leant across the table and gave me a kiss on the cheek.

I went to get a round of drinks. When I got back to the table Tina said, "So, you two have been getting acquainted?"

For the next hour or so we sat there chatting amiably about jobs and interests and not really anything about the real reason we were there. The idea that I would soon be sharing this couple's bed, possibly engaging in sex with both of them, was surreal, unbelievable. I kept thinking they would change their minds, make excuses and depart. Then Tina put her arm around me and kissed me again on the cheek, and started to run her fingers through my hair. I kissed her on the lips and she kissed back, her tongue slipping into my mouth. At one point she undid a few of the buttons at the front of her dress and pulled it open slightly so when I looked down I could see her left breast with a stubby pink nipple pointing tantalisingly up at me. I looked around to see if anyone was watching us but only Greg was - approvingly.

At one point, when he was away getting more drinks, Tina said to me, "So, are you bi?"

I nodded.

"That's good, 'cause I'll tell you a secret." She leaned toward me and whispered in my ear, "I really get off on watching my husband have sex with other men. It gets me horny as hell."

About fifteen minutes later Greg drained his beer. "Our car's in the carpark. What's say we get some takeaways and go back to our place?"

So it was really going to happen.

We went into the bottle shop next door and bought some beer and wine, then walked around to the carpark. When we got to their car Tina said, "Hey I need to pee." She turned to me and said, "You wanna see me peeing standing up?"

"Why, sure," I said.

She lifted up her skirt. She was wearing skimpy white panties which she pulled down so they dropped to her feet. Bending her knees just a little she began to urinate, the thick stream of yellow pee splashing onto the car parked next to theirs.

"I need to go too," said Greg. He unzipped his pants and extricated his penis, and began to piss onto the same spot. 

Not wanting to be left out, I did the same. As I pissed, they looked with undisguised curiosity at my dick.

Having relieved ourselves, we got into the car. Greg drove, and Tina and I sat in the back seat. After a while we started kissing. I felt her tits through the material of her dress - they were wonderfully firm and the nipples hard like marbles. "Do you like me?" she whispered in my ear.

"You're gorgeous," I said. Slipping my hand under her skirt and into her panties, I felt her shaved pussy. She was very wet and I slid a couple of fingers into her slit and, rubbing her clit at the same time with my thumb, fingerfucked her and she started to make a lot of noise. Whenever we were stopped at traffic lights, Greg turned around to watch.

Arriving at their house, Tina and I sat down on the couch while Greg went to fix us some drinks. I started to unbutton her dress, wanting to get at her tits. Greg came in with the drinks. He said," I thought we could by watching a video we made. Would you like to see it?"

"I'd love to," I said.

Greg picked a video cassette out of a bookcase, slid it into his VCR and switched on the TV.

The video began with Tina standing in a bathroom with a towel wrapped around her waist. Slipping this off she stepped into the shower and began to wash herself. Then, having soaped up her pussy, she picked up a razor and began to shave her pubes. There were some close-ups of her open cunt as she did this. When she was shaved clean, she picked up two dildos, a fat one and the skinny one. The first went into her pussy, the second into her asshole, and she began to fuck herself with them enthusiastically.

That scene ended, and another began. Tina was sitting on a chair, wearing a bra. A guy walked into shot - I assumed it was Greg but I could only see his waist and the top of his thighs. He wore a pair of red cotton briefs. Tina began to rub his dick through them and you could see him getting hard. Then she pulled the briefs down and his cock sprang out, bobbing up and down in front of her face. She took it into her mouth and began to suck it, looking up at him as she did so. She sucked eagerly for a minute or so. Then, just before he was about to cum, she took it out of her mouth and gave it a couple of quick tugs. A thick dollop of spunk shot onto her face, landing on one eyebrow and dripping down her nose, and this was followed by two smaller spurts. She turned to the camera, smiling happily, licking the sperm as it oozed down her face.

The video wasn't quite finished however. Greg - if it was him - took hold of his dick, which was losing its hardness, and pointing it at Tina's face began to piss on her. The urine splashed on her face, mixing with the strands of semen and running down her chin. Then he trained the stream down onto her breasts. "Oh, yeah," she murmured. She put her hands to her tits and squeezed them hard as the material of her bra, soaked with urine, became transparent so that her nipples could be seen through it. 

As we watched the video, I noticed that both of them kept staring from the TV to me, looking for my reaction. Tina, sipping a glass of wine as she watched, seemed particularly turned on by seeing herself on-screen, and I could see her hand wandering beneath her skirt. As the pissing scene finished she stood up, pulled the blue dress over her head, and sat down next to me. Her tits were lovely - medium size and perfectly shaped - and I fondled them appreciatively. Meanwhile, she was fiddling with the zipper on my trousers. She got my cock out and began to suck it. As she did this I managed to slide one hand down between her legs. She was still wearing her white panties and I could feel the gusset of them was slimy with cunt juice.

Meanwhile Greg had walked over to us. He'd taken off his jeans and his cock stuck out from underneath his T-shirt. I noticed that he'd shaved his balls and around the base of his cock, so that it seemed to protrude more dramatically from his body. He began to wank himself.

Tina stopped sucking me and, turning round, saw Greg. She reached out and grabbed at his cock, then told me to stand up. I stood next to Greg and she sat on the couch, her face inches away from our cocks. "Well, hello, boys," she said, taking a dick in each hand. "I love it when I have two to play with! I'm such a slut, aren't I?" She began to move back and forth between our cocks, kissing and licking one for a few seconds, them moving to the other, jerking at them until we were both hard. At one point she tried to get both of us into her mouth at the same time, and I could feel Greg's cock rubbing against mine.

"Oh, God, I need to be fucked," she said. She fell back onto the couch and pulled the crotch of her panties aside. She had a beautiful cunt, with thick, reddish labia protruding from her bare slit. I pressed my dick against her cunt meat and it slid in easily. Greg knelt on the floor to get a close-up view of his beautiful wife being fucked.

After I'd pounded her for a few minutes, with Greg masturbating as he watched, she indicated I should withdraw. "I don't want to cum yet," she said. "Let's go into the bedroom."

We followed her in there and Tina, having peeled her panties off and tossing them on the floor, jumped onto the bed on all fours, then lay with her face in the pillows and her bum in the air as if to say, "I think my ass needs some attention, guys."

I sat on the end of the bed, between her legs, and putting one hand on her right buttock, gazed at her anus, which was pink and hairless and quite lovely looking. "Go on, lick it - lick my ass," she said. As the asshole is my favourite part of a woman's anatomy, I needed no further encouragement. I pressed my face between her bum cheeks and began to give her hole a good licking, which made her sigh.

"Greg," she said languidly, turning towards him, her long blonde hair, which had come loose from the ponytail, falling over her face, "Get the lube. I need my ass fucked bad." He reached into the drawer of a bedside table and, after rummaging about in it for a few moments, produced a tube of gel.

As I watched he squirted some of it onto his index finger and dabbed it onto her asshole, then slid his finger inside it and twisted it round. He repeated this action, but now he slid three fingers into her ass and pushed them in to the knuckles as she pressed her butt against his hand, writhing on the bed a little, her head turning this way and that.

Greg removed his fingers, licked them, and squeezed out some more lube onto them. He turned to me. "Here, I'll put some on you." 

For a moment I froze. I was in too deep now to stop though. Still kneeling on the bed I turned to face him and, opening my legs, presented my semi-erect cock to him. He grasped the base of it and began to rub the gel onto the tip of it - the coldness of it made me flinch - then continued to rub it down the shaft. Never before had another man handled my penis like this. It felt good though. I wanted him to squeeze it harder, and without me saying anything he did. "You've got a great cock," he said, cupping my balls in his hands. And then he was jerking my dick up and down - openly masturbating me. 

"Stop it, I'm going to cum," I said. 

"No, you've got to cum in Tina," he said, as if this was obvious. I got onto my knees and he guided my cock into his wife's waiting asshole. It was tight and hot in there and I fucked it enthusiastically, with Tina bucking and crying out underneath me. I could feel Greg's hand rubbing her cunt as I did so. "That's it, he said, "Fuck her ass. Deeper. Don't worry about hurting her - she loves it!"

As he was saying this he had moved up to the top of the bed, positioning himself in front of Tina's face, and now he slipped his cock into her mouth. For a couple of minutes we settled into a regular rhythm, her body moving back and forth, skewered on our dicks like a pig on a spit. Then I couldn't hold on any longer and, grabbing her hips, I rammed my crotch against her butt, my cock going as deep in her as possible. She screamed and I came in her bowels.

I collapsed on the bed, catching my breath. Tina lay on her stomach, moaning softly. 

Greg sat next to her and, parting her buttocks, inspected her anus. "Beautiful…" he murmured. "Isn't that a lovely sight?" I sat up and had a look. Her anus was swollen and dilated and a darker pink than before I had fucked it. He smiled at me, as if I'd given him a wonderful present. He stuck a finger in it and brought it out, glistening, and licked it. Then he pushed both index fingers in and pulled her open as wide as he could, and there was a moment of silence as we both stared down into the red, shiny depths of his wife's rectum, which was now full of my sperm. 

"How was that?" he asked Tina, smacking her bum lightly.

"Good," she murmured, not looking up.

For a while the three of us lay on the bed, Tina between me and Greg, with our arms wrapped around each other, hands wandering playfully over bodies. Then Tina got up and went into the lounge room to get her glass of wine. 

When she came back she said, "I think I need to have a shower. Have you guys had enough beer?" It took a moment to register what she meant.

Greg went to the wardrobe and took out a thick, dark green towel which he spread on the floor next to the bed. Tina reached into the bedside drawer and came out with a very thick dildo - the one I had seen in the video. She knelt on the towel and pushed the dildo into her pussy. When it was deep inside her she took her hands off it, then positioned herself so that the base of the dildo was touching the floor. Looking up at us, she began to rock back and forth gently, pushing the dildo into herself.

"Come on," she said, "bring them over here. Bring my two cocks over."

Once again Greg and I stood in front of her as she played with our dicks. "Oh, they're so nice. Which one… do I… like best? I can't decide." Her eyes were half closed as she enjoyed the dildo in her. "But I know … what I want now. I want you both… to piss on me. God, I'm such a slut. Go on, piss on me. Use me as your toilet."

Greg was the first to manage it. There was a little spurt of pee from his dick, and then a longer stream which he aimed at her face. It hit her forehead and ran down over her mouth, which she opened, and then he pissed directly into her mouth. It was soon full and the piss was bubbling out over her chin. Meanwhile I'd managed to start too, and I pissed into her hair, over her tits and finally into her mouth as well. Tina spluttered as she tried to swallow this flood of urine. She had taken hold of the dildo again and was ramming it hard into herself until, falling onto her back, she made herself cum with a very loud groan.

When she sat up, piss was dripping from her face and hair and running down her body. She looked at me and smiled, then stood up, very unsteadily, still holding the dildo inside her, and sat on the edge of the bed. 

"That was nice," she said dreamily. "Such nice dicks. I'd love to see you playing with them." She looked at us with a sly and wicked grin. "Playing with each other's, that is."

I looked at Greg and I knew the time had come. I sank to my knees in front of him and, taking his cock between thumb and forefinger, brought the head of it to my lips. I put my mouth around the glans, my tongue flicking it so that I got a slight, tangy taste of pee, and then took about half of it into my mouth and began to suck it. I could hardly believe it - I was finally sucking a cock!

I could feel it hardening in my mouth. Soon he was so stiff the head of his dick was red and shiny. Fascinated, I kissed and licked along the shaft, my lips brushing against veins that stuck out like cords, and licked his shaven balls.
