 The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 1 - Prologue 

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" shouted the lovely redheaded reporterette on Wednesday, September 28th, at 7:00am, from in front of the Courthouse. "Channel Two News has learned that the 'State Right To Life Committee' has filed an emergency appeal of the ruling of Judge Rodney K. Watts that the parents of the young man Jeremy Moreland had the right to turn off their son's respirator, allowing him to die. Jeremy has been determined to be brain dead, but the 'State Right To Life Committee' believes turning off the medical devices is murder."

"Other pro-life groups have rallied in support of the State Right to Life Committee, while many pro-choice groups are attacking the pro-lifers for denying the family their rightful choice regarding their son's condition." Bettina continued. "The family has issued a statement condemning the State Right to Life Committee for interfering in personal life decisions."

"Meanwhile, the State Right to Life Committee has condemned Governor Val Jared for not joining their side of the debate, and have attacked Governor Jared for what they say is his weak to non-existent support of the pro-life movement. Governor Jared has said it is a matter for the family and the Courts to decide. His opponent, SBI Director Jack Lewis, says that Jared is attempting to placate both sides of the issue, and looks weak and indecisive in the process."

"In the local District Attorney race, challenger Jenna Stiles condemned the State Right To Life Committee as well as all the pro-life groups for blatantly interfering with the family's right to choose. This issue and her strident support of the family has caused her flagging campaign to gain new life. District Attorney Krasney also says he supports the family in this case, as Jeremy has no hope of recovery."

"This is getting ugly." said Cindy, as she and I watched in my office. We had avoided the MCD coffee klatch, as there was a lot of tension in that room over this case, particularly between the fundamentalist Christian Joanne Warner and the rather liberal Theo Washington.

"Yeah, and Jared is not handling it well, at all." I said.

"Think this is aimed at him?" Cindy asked.

"Oh, you betcha." I said. "If I were the paranoid type, I'd say this was a carefully planned, meticulously orchestrated, and brutally executed plan by Democrats and the Media to humiliate Governor Jared, force him to come out strongly pro-life, and therefore hurt him in the General Election. If he doesn't come out strongly pro-life, the evangelical Republicans will desert him in droves, and again he'll be crushed in the General Election."

"Glad you're not the paranoid type." said Cindy. "My question would be how they could possibly have actually caused this to happen by plan."

"Oh, they always have a plan ready, then something happens and they pounce." I said. "Sort of like that guy in a Southern State that used a gun to defend his life, and the anti-gun-rights people went after him, using his case to not only intimidate gun owners, but to challenge the law. He was acquitted, though, which shredded their plans. The Media howled for days... at the Jury. But it was obvious that the Government and the Media had a plan ready, pounced when the right case came along, and whined like crybabies when they lost."

"And this case," I said, "is even worse. We can't do an autopsy until Jeremy is actually dead, but I really wonder about some things."

"Your mother wonders even harder than you do." said Cindy.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Meanwhile, Bettina went to Sports, bringing in Nick Eastwood:

"Thank you Bettina!" Nick said, as he stood at County High School Stadium. "Friday night is going to be huge in this County, as the undefeated Kings of Booker T. Washington High in the southern part of the County come to County High here on the north side to take on the undefeated Falcons! Benny Hill, the Kings quarterback, is the real deal, and has scholarship offers from several schools in the Conference. He is expected to make life miserable for the Falcons defense..."

"Precinct Captain Briscoe is overwhelmed by the security requirements." I said. "I've had to call the State Patrol and the Sheriff to help with security and traffic control, and Homeland Security is going to send in some extra people. I've already told the SBI to keep their noses out of my County, as well."

Cindy said "Briscoe not getting it done?"

"I think he's trying, but Briggs in Precinct 1 doesn't try hard to help." I replied. "Thompson in Precinct 2 has worked with Briscoe, but he worries about 'flash mobs' celebrating a little too hard if the Kings win. The Black Community really sees this game as Black vs. White, not Black & Silver v. Red & Silver, and I fear the wealthy White parents of County High see it the same way. But payback will happen: Town High hosts both the other teams, and Briscoe won't be helping Briggs too much."

"Precincts suck." Cindy astutely observed.

"Crowbars suck more if one gets hit by them." I said. "And I've already told some Precinct Captains and Lieutenants that I will be swinging for the fences if they make me look bad. That lit a bit of a fire under their asses, but I agree with your overall assessment. All in all, I'm tired of the separation and disunity in my Police Force, and I won't brook too much more of it."

Part 2 - Making Book 

At 9:00am, give or take, I received a call on my Police cellphone. It was Eddy the Bounty Hunter.

"Hi, Eddy." I said. "I thought you were staying clear of Town for a few days."

"I am." said Eddy. "Listen, you know Joey the Bookmaker?"

"I know who he is." I said. "Makes book on Sports betting around the University, State Tech, and City U. Pretty small-time; guys like him come a dime a dozen."

"That's him." said Eddy. "Listen, he needs to talk to you. And I mean you specifically and you personally. He needs a way to talk to you without being seen talking to you, if you know what I mean."

"He can always come to the Station." I said. "Just kidding... actually, no I'm not. Here's what I want you to tell him to do..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Sergeant Micah Rudistan and Sr. Patrolman Chet Morton came up to the short, slender man sitting on the park bench. The man was dressed in a sweater, jeans, black leather shoes, and his hair was oily and slicked back.

"Well, what do we have here?" asked Rudistan jovially. "The Bookmaker, loitering in my nice Courthouse Square, polluting it."

"Yeah, whataboutit?" snarled the Bookmaker, his voice sounding drunk.

"Okay, stand up, hands behind your back." said Rudistan. Passersby watched as the Uniformed Officers made the arrest of a vagrant.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Oh wow... whattan office." said Joey the Bookmaker, looking around my office. "Student of the Trojan War, Commander?"

"Student of a very bad man who was a student of the Trojan War." I replied. "Have a seat, Joey."

When Rudistan and Morton had brought Joey in, they'd routed him through the Booking area rather swiftly... they took him straight to Interrogation-1, then through the other door and the anteroom, down the hall, and to my office... all per my instructions. The 'arrest' was staged. Captain Cindy Ross was sitting on the sofa.

"Hiya doin', Captain." Joey said. "Great job at that church, you did."

"Hi Joey." replied Cindy. "Nice of you to say so."

"So, what did you want to talk to me about?" I asked, sitting behind my desk, the 'Iron Girdle' keeping my back straight and generally pain-free today.

"Immunity for this, in exchange for information?" Joey asked warily.

"Of course." I said. "I didn't waste my officers' time bringing you in just to fuck with you."

"Fair enough, yeah, fair enough." Joey said, his shifty eyes looking around. "Look, I've been making book around here for years, and I never gave you cops any trouble, right? So something strange is going on, really strange."

"What's that?" I asked.

"The Kings-Falcons game. High school." said Joey. "Book on that had been Kings favored by three, even though they're the away team. Went up to five on Monday. Then all of a sudden, last night somebody started taking County High and the points. Some pretty big bets, too. I usually deal with twenty, fifty, a hundred dollars, but when orders for two thousand a pop came in for County, it was beyond me, and I had to refer those cats to other, bigger bookmakers."

"Interesting." I said.

"Yeah, I know." said Joey. "I started chatting with the other bookies in the area... yeah, we talk sometimes when we think something's goin' on... and they were getting big bets on County, also. Then I hear about a guy named Silver, Jaime Silver. He starts making book, big book, taking bets on the Kings when the odds went to even, but not taking any on the Falcons."

"In other words, he's totally taking the side of the Falcons to win. Even more interesting." I said. "Any idea who's working for Silver, helping him out, being muscle for him?"

"Nah, I dunno." said Joey. "Silver, he used to be big-time in the City, then got bopped around like a pinball. Then he suddenly shows up around here. Look: me, I'm small-time. I make a living, the Big Boys don't mess with me as long as I don't dip into their profits too much. Silver... he's bigger, or at least he thinks he's a big cat. But a guy like him don't walk into here without some help, someone backing him up. And with you taking that Pastor down, Mr. Crowbar, maybe these backers want Silver to fill in the void. But Silver ain't got it in him, if you ask me."

"Good to know." I said. "So why did you come to me?"

"I called my friend Eddy." said Joey. "Sometimes I ask him to go visit losers who don't pay, and bring 'em in for a chat. They pay, and I give Eddy a percentage of the cut. So I called him about this, and as soon as I mentioned Jaime Silver, he said you like hearing about weird shit like this, and he told me to come see you, and he'd work it so I didn't have to worry about you."

"I'm glad you did stop by." I said. "Since you've helped me by bringing this information to me, if there's a time I can be of help to you, without doing something illegal, of course, let me know. And here's part payment: I might suggest that you take no more bets on this game. I smell rigging in progress, and the name of Jaime Silver goes real well with the word 'rigging'. Spread the word with the small timers like yourself to lay off this game, even refund money if you have to. And I'll check out the other end of this, and shove my crowbar up someone's ass."

"Cool." said Joey. "So how do I get out of here?"

"To get you out of here," I said, "my Officers will now transport you to County Jail. On the way, you'll be let out of the car somewhere, and you can go about your business..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Once The Bookmaker was gone, Cindy asked "What do you think that was about?"

"That..." I replied, "was about a man who is so confused and also worried, that he came to Police Headquarters to talk to the Iron Crowbar about it. Something is going on, something big, and it's messing with Joey and the other small-time bookmakers."

"One thing we learned." said Cindy. "Jaime Silver is still in Town."

"Or making his presence from somewhere else felt here." I said. "But yes, it's funny how his name pops up so quickly and prominently..." It was several minutes before I finally realized that Cindy was watching me, and that I'd gone into a reverie.

"Cindy," I asked, "if you were going to rig that high school game, and in favor of County High, how would you do it?"

Cindy thought about it, then said "Put something in their water supply. Give them the 'flu bug' or something."

I nodded. "Yeah. Listen, call Booker T. Washington High School's coaches office. Tell them to take extra precautions over their food and water leading up to the game. And also... what I thought about... was finding a way to keep Benny Hill off the field. Tell the coaches to make sure to keep him safe."

"Okay, I'll go do that now." Cindy said.

"What do you have going for the rest of the day?" I asked.

"If Silver is in Town," Cindy replied, "then I'm going to be working with my Vice Lieutenant to see if we can get some leads on him. By the way..."

I looked up to see that Cindy was having her own reverie. She then said "I'm thinking on something like this, that we should err on the side of crime prevention. How about I put out a big APB for Silver, really put out the word amongst the CIs that we really want him, maybe scare him out of doing anything?"

"Not a bad plan." I said. "Make it so, Number One. In the meantime, I'm going to be following up on some other things, as well as visiting Chief Griswold."

"Getting political, are you?" Cindy said.

"Who, me? Perish the very thought." I replied. Cindy grinned as she exited the office...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Starting to get a little cool to be fishing, isn't it Chief?" I asked as I came up to Chief Griswold, who was sitting on his back deck, flicking a fishing pole into the water. He had on a thick flannel shirt as protection against the cool but not yet very cold temperatures.

"It's never too cold to fish, Crowbar." replied Griswold. "Have a seat. Grab that other rod and reel."

"I'll have to pass." I said. "My back doesn't appreciate fast movements like casting a line."

"How are you keeping in shape?" Griswold asked.

"Swimming at Cindy's gym." I replied. "Doing some weights for my upper body and reclined cycling for my legs. But it's really not enough."

"Been to a chiropractor yet?"

"Not yet, sir." I said. "Dr. Eckhart told Cindy about an Eastern physician, I think he's Japanese. He's coming to this country in a few weeks, and is going to check me out."

"Good." said Griswold. "So you're not here to fish, and you're not here to exercise. What brings you here?"

"You're better at observation and deduction than that, sir." I said with a smile.

"Har har." said Griswold. "Yes, it doesn't take a Crowbar or his mother to know you're here to talk about this new political threat against Jared."

"So how's he doing?" I asked.

"This one really blindsided him." said Griswold. "Abortion is one of the most polarizing issues in politics, maybe the most polarizing issue of them all. And it is political suicide from the Republicans, just as gun rights are suicide for Democrats. Val has always tried to leave abortion alone, untouched. And he was doing well, until this issue with that kid Jeremy Moreland came up. It's not abortion in and of itself, but the same groups are involved, and the Media has used it as an opportunity to nail Jared to the wall on the abortion issue. It's going to start hurting him in the polls. It might cost him the election."

I nodded, looking out over the vista of the lake. "I think you're right, Chief." I said. "And I think this is being engineered by the Democrats, or at least by the SBI, to put Lewis in the Governor's Mansion."

"How's that?" asked Griswold, pure surprise in his voice.

"I don't have proof yet." I said. "I'm waiting on the State Crime Lab, and I'm also, sorry to say, waiting for Jeremy to die so we can autopsy him. But there are just a few too many coincidences for my liking on this."

"Har!" said Griswold. "When you see coincidences the rest of us don't see, it is coincidentally a bad day for perps."

"What's the Governor's strategy on this?" I asked.

"I don't think he has one." said the old Chief. "He was pretty much coasting. I know that his team was going to really ratchet up the Sharples and Ferrell talk with a couple of weeks to go in the Election, start leaking some stuff about Lewis's SBI being corrupt and unpopular. But with this... now Hammonds and Stockton smell blood. They think they can extract political promises from Val in exchange for continued support, and they don't mind if Val loses, so that Stockton can run again in four years."

"Lewis and the Democrats can do a lot of damage in four years." I said. "A lot of damage."

"True." said Griswold. "They can just ask the Consultant of Crime about that, and the damage he endured in less than four years."

"And the amount he inflicted." I replied. "In the meantime, do me a favor, sir: Ask them to speed up their timetable for smearing the SBI, and by that I mean to start on it as soon as this weekend. Remember that early voting will start in mid-October. We--- er, I mean they, can't wait until just before the Election Day."

"You have a point, there." said the Chief. "I'll let them know. So... what's going on in your Police Department, Crowbar?"

"Just trying to keep it as good as it was when you left it, Chief." I replied adroitly.

"I know Joe Smedley gave Ms. Croyle that talk." Griswold said. "Effective?"

"I think so." I said. "Victory number one is that she didn't seem mad at having to take that talking-to. Victory number two is that she's working with Captain Ross on the continuing Jaime Silver case..."

Part 3- Making Love 

It was 3:30pm, Wednesday, September 28th. Rex Rutherford, the eighteen-year-old Senior quarterback for County High, was lying on his bed, wearing only his gym shorts. With him were two girls. 

One was nineteen-year-old Jayne Hallerton. She was a drop-dead gorgeous blonde, porn-star quality in her face and full lips, and some seriously shapely legs. She was a full six feet tall and athletic, and had a full scholarship as a Sophomore on the University Women's Basketball team. 

The other girl was Priscilla Dejeune. She had auburn hair, actually a bit lighter red in the sun or summer, which was curly and almost frazzled. She was slender and just becoming shapely as a feminine woman. She was eighteen years old, and a Senior at County High. Her parents, like Rex and Jayne's parents, were wealthy residents of the County north of Town.

Rex and Jayne had been dating while Jayne was at County High two years before, and they were the 'Ken and Barbie' couple of the school, with her being the Homecoming Queen her Senior year. And it was no secret that Rex had been fucking Jayne with his large cock at least every weekend, if not more often. Rex wasn't in the class of a Todd Burke, Teddy Parker, Seth Warner or Nick Eastwood, but his thick eight inches kept the beautiful Jayne satisfied.

"So, we gonna win Friday?" Jayne asked Rex, partially to get him going.

"Oh hell yeah." said Rex. "No way we're gonna let that nigger school beat us."

"What about Benny Hill?" asked Priscilla.

"We're going to take out his knees." said Rex. "No way we're going to let him beat us. The Booster Club, and especially our parents, would never let us down if we lost to those darkies."

"That's my man." said Jayne, reaching her hand under the hem of Rex's shorts and massaging his hardening cock. She turned to the other girl. "Oh, Priscilla, this would be a good chance to learn about sucking cock to keep a boy wrapped around your finger. Have you ever sucked a big cock before?"

"C'mon, Jayne," said Priscilla, "you know I want to wait until marriage."

"For intercourse, yes." said Jayne. "But there's nothing wrong with sucking cock. Give a boy a blowjob, and he'll buy you dinner, buy you presents, and he'll leave your pussy alone... as long as you're giving him that sweet head."
