 Another weekend and I had nothing planned. I was increasingly horny and the emails my boyfriend had been sending me weren't helping. He was out of town on an extended trip and his erotic stories fueled my desires to no end. I couldn't wait to see him again. He loves me to tease men and I love screwing their pussy crazed minds up. Well the other day an old friend called, Steve. I had heard rumors about his past partying around with his girlfriend and decided after a couple of wines to bring it up over the phone. He laughed and said he would tell me all about it over a couple of drinks. My mind was spinning and although I didn't say no, I teased him with a maybe. We finally hung up and my boyfriend called. I told him what had happened and he wanted me to CALL! Ha, I laughed. that's what my friend wants. Anyhow we left it at that.

Yesterday I was feeling extremely frisky and after a couple of wines I called my boyfriends bluff and picked up the phone. What the hell, it couldn't hurt to call, get a couple of free drinks and have something to fantasize about later could it? I called and said "how about those drinks" and he said he would tell me where to meet him in a couple of hours. I was a little anxious, but I did want to hear his story. He said he was bringing his friend, which was fine, that seemed to make it safe for me to have his girlfriend there. I took a long bubble bath, shaved my legs and pussy to silky smooth. I then douched (what was in the back of my mind?). I put on a sexy thong and a short black dress with pumps. Hair and makeup done I surveyed myself in the mirror. 

Damn, I did look good. I poured myself the third wine of the day and made my way to the bar. I was excited somewhat and I would get to see his girlfriend, to see what she was like and how she liked this lifestyle. Walking into the bar I adjusted my eyes to the darkness. I saw him in the back in a half moon booth. He waved and I walked over. He already had a wine and I needed another one to calm my nerves. We said hi and I asked him where his friend was and he said coming back from the bathroom right now. I looked around and another man was slipping into the booth with us and introduced himself as Jay. I shot a look over to my friend and said I thought your girlfriend was coming with you. He just grinned. My mind was racing. I calmed down a bit and decided to try and take control of the situation. We were talking, mostly about small stuff, me in the middle of this booth between two good looking men. My wine glass never seemed to get empty and pretty soon I had a good buzz. I didn't want to get loaded so I slowed down a bit.

Of course the conversation turned to sex. We started talking about the craziest things we had done and it was quite fun to hear these male egos. I kept turning from one to the other and noticed as they talked they were constantly looking at each other. I felt a hand on my thigh, lightly rubbing, and I assumed it was Steve's. I let him rub my thigh till he just touched my thong in my crotch, then shifted my leg over as I stuck up a conversation with Jay. Soon a hand was on my other thigh, Jesus, these boys were something. I let him rub my covered pussy for a minute then excused my self to go to the ladies room. God, I was trembling walking there. What was I doing? It was fun though, especially the looks on their faces when I talked about sex. I love to tease and this was as good as it gets. I got to the restroom and touched my crotch. My panties were SOAKED! Oh my, I didn't know I was that turned on. The wine was buzzing through my head. I thought about how far I would carry this. A wicked little grin came over my face as I removed my thong and put them in my purse.

I walked back to the booth, Jay stood up so I could slide in. We ordered another round. This time the hands came quicker, more bold. I could feel Jay's warm fingers tickling the insides of my thighs. I turned my attention to Steve so Jay would feel at ease to explore. I almost heard him gasp as his hand found my freshly shaven wet pantiless crotch. I parted my legs a little more giving him access, feeling his thick fingers sliding in and out of my wet slit. His thumb was working my hard clit just about to make me cum. I lowered my hand under the table and removed his, shooting him a seductive smile. I started talking to Jay then, asking him if he had ever been with two people at once. He started his conversation. This allowed Steve to take over. He immediately took Jay’s place with his hand, surprised to find no panties and a super wet cunt. Damn I was feeling slutty as he dug his fingers into my pussy, pumping them boldly.

It was no secret now, you could hear the wetness as his fingers found their way in and out of my slit. Just before I came I removed his hand. Fuck, I was on fire, and these guys were killing me. I told them that I was getting buzzed and was at the point of not driving, could they drop me off at the house? Of course was the answer. We left and I say in the back of his car, my dress hiked up enough to show Jay my pussy when he looked back to talk with me. God I was horny. I couldn't wait to get home and bury my vibrator deep into my cunt. Steve said he had to stop by his apartment which was on the way to get something. When we pulled up we all decided to go in and have a drink, as long as we were there you know. We got in, turned on the stereo and Jay and I plopped down on the couch. Jay was looking cuter by the second. Around 6 foot, tanned and well groomed, I could make out half a hard on in his shorts and I smiled to myself, knowing that I caused that. Steve came out, threw Jay a beer and said he was out of wine and would be right back. He left, Jay turned to me and said my god, you are one sexy woman. With that he leaned into me and began kissing. 

His tongue was long and the alcohol made it thicker. He kissed me like no other and my legs begin to part as his hands massaged my eager pussy. My hips were hunching, my arms around the back of his neck, pushing his tongue deep into my throat. My cunt throbbed and in no time I arched my back and came hard, moaning. He sucked my juices from his fingers, looking at me. I was lightly covered with sweat, flushed when Steve returned mere minutes afterwards. He poured the wine, handed it to me and sat down. I drained the glass and asked for another. My, my he said, looks like somebody is a little thirsty. He came back, sat next to me, putting me in the middle. As if by signal, both began to caress my body, thighs, neck. A hand came from Steve, turning my face to his, kissing me, as Jay began rubbing my crotch. Steve got up and said he had to make a quick phone call, I just nodded hmm hmm. Jay now had my dress around my waist and was slipping to the floor. I slipped a leg over his head and spread my legs as he licked his way up each of my thighs to my musky wetness. I could hear Steve talking on the phone, but not what he was saying.

He returned and I heard him say, O goddamn, this is what I've been wanting forever, to finally fuck you. My head was towards the end of the couch and Steve came over, his crotch inches from my face. I unzipped his pants and as they fell his veined cock popped out. As Jay continued to work his tongue into my hot cunt, I cupped Steves heavy balls with my hand and began licking on his throbbing cock head. I brought my tongue up and down his shaft, looking up at his face as he obviously enjoyed my work. He kept moaning how much he had always wanted to fuck me. With that I shut him up by swallowing his whole cock. I worked my tongue over and over his dick with my mouth buried to the hilt. His moaning increased, and then a knock on the door.

Come in, Steve said. My heart jumped, here I was with Steve's cock down my throat and Jay's face buried in my pussy with my legs over his shoulders! God was I a wanton slut. Come on in Rod, Steve called. My heart was still pounding as I looked at Rod. But god he was gorgeous. Rod was a light skinned Hispanic and very, very good looking with a killer ass. The look on his face was priceless as he came over. Steve withdrew his dick from my mouth and said, Rod, meet Kelley. Kelley, I think you will like Rod. With that, Rod bent down and kissed me. I almost melted as his tongue explored my mouth. Jay was alternating between my ass and my pussy, making me delirious with lust. Rod stood in front of me and I began to unbutton his shorts. The imprint of his cock in his underwear was impressive. I pulled them down and out sprang a thick, brown prick. The head was huge and he wasn't fully hard yet. I worked his beautiful cock into my mouth, feeling him harden, the veins protruding from his shaft. O my god I thought, what the hell have I walked in to? 

Steve lifted my dress over my head, and told every one to get onto the floor. I lay there, admiring three very hard cocks and three faces full of lust. If I was gonna do this I wanted them to fuck me right. I got on my hands and knees and Steve began licking me from behind. His tongue felt unreal, licking my flowing cunt and ass. Jay got in front of me and pulled off his shorts revealing a nice thick cock. I began deep throating him, sucking his cock like never before. Steve stopped licking me and I could feel his hands on my ass, spreading my cheeks as he entered my pussy. I was on fire as he buried his prick to the hilt, his heavy nuts slapping my pussy. He began to slowly fuck me, rocking me into Jay’s cock as I deep throated his entire shaft. I watched Rod from the corner of my eye, cock, heavy and thick, hanging there, twice the size of what I was getting. I wanted him, bad. His balls were unbelievably big, and I knew they were full of cum. 

Steve was beginning to fuck me hard, and I knew from his moans that he was about to cum. I took Jay's prick from my mouth and told Steve to stop, not to cum yet. I decided to humiliate him a little for getting me here, so I told him, I wanted Rod's cock, a real cock in my pussy. I told Rod to lay down. I stood up, looking down at his manhood, wanting that cock to stretch my pussy, making me cum. I squatted over him, feeling the head penetrate my pussy. God I felt like a virgin as his massive cock began invading my cunt. I was totally exposed to Jay and Steve who were behind. I heard them say, o my god, look at her take his dick. My pussy was easing down onto his shaft, my eyes shut, relishing the feel of fullness as inch by inch of his cock sank into my depths. After what seemed like minutes, I was fully impaled onto his dick and began to cum. The orgasm rock my cunt, as it tried to squeeze against his cock. I thought I would pass out as another orgasm rang through my pussy. I collapsed onto his chest, swearing my love for his dick and felt Steve's hands spreading my ass cheeks.

He began to force his dick into my ass. O my god, I had never felt anything like it, the fullness of these two pricks as he began to fuck my ass, Rod lifting my hips up, driving his monster cock into the very depths of my cunt. Jay lifted my head up and shoved his prick down my throat. He held my head and began fucking my face, driving his cock in and out, his balls slapping my chin. Steve was really beginning to fuck my tight asshole, forcing his dick deep. I was being fucked like a slut in every hole and could not stop cumming. Jay's balls lifted, his head thrown back and wad after wad of cum flowed down my greedy mouth. I jacked his cock, pulling on it, getting all his cum from his balls. Steve yelled that he was cumming, I'm cumming in Kelley’s ass finally, he said, and jammed his cock deep into my ass, dumping his cum.

Jay and Steve fell back onto the floor. I was impaled on Rod's cock. He flipped me over and said, now your going to get your fuck. He put my ankles over his shoulders and began to inch his massive, thick cock to depths no one had been. I thought I was going to pass out as his cock hit my very bottom. He began to pump his dick into me quicker, harder, driving my head across the carpet. He held my thighs apart, my legs spread wide over his shoulders and fucked me for all he was worth. My orgasms were almost continuous. This man had stamina. I was moaning and babbling like a slut in heat. Telling him how much I loved his cock in me. He sank his cock to an impossible depth, threw his head back and began to cum. I could feel the pulse of his thick load coating my cunt. His dick kept pulsing, shooting his thick hot jism. He pulled out and wrapped his hand around his cock, jacking his cum onto my breasts. I couldn't move. I had never been so fucked. I'm glad I stayed in control. LOL