 This story is based on a special relationship. Melanie or Mel, is married to Kane, who is best friends with Derek. They both work together in their large security company which offers high-class security to high paying clients. They are in a special ménage relationship. And over the next two chapters, Mel decided to switch things up a bit and try something new.

*

Mel was smiling intently at Derek. Usually he waited for Kane to get home to start the fun and games. But tonight, he seemed impatient and was already ripping his clothes off. Mel started to remove her shirt when he strode over to her and said,

"I want to make it extra special tonight Mel," he shoved his boxers down his hips revealing his thick hardness.

Mel glanced down and as always she was amazed by the hard smooth shaft. The things that he did to her should be outlawed. She licked her lips. It would be nothing to fall to her knees and to take him into her mouth. The desire was so strong to do it that she felt her self slowly lowering herself.

Derek moaned as Mel wrapped her lips around his throbbing erection. He groaned out, "That's not what I meant by special."

Mel slid her plump lips up and down Derek. I don't know she thought, feels pretty special to me. In fact, why should Derek and Kane always control things? In that brief minute Melanie decided tonight would be special, but it would be because she was in charge.

She grasped his hips and pulled him into her mouth, drawing his throbbing cock all the way in as she sucked him hard and grazing her teeth along his quivering flesh. "Damn... Mel if you keep that up, I'm not going to last long," groaned Derek as Mel worked her magic on his aching shaft.

Mel felt his delicious hardness swelling even further between her clenched teeth. I need more, she thought. "Is this a party for two or can anyone join?" Kane's voice cutting through her sexual frenzy. She moaned and clenched even further on Derek at the sound of it.

"Fuck!" cried Derek, his face screwed up in bliss as the pressure on his throbbing cock increased. Mel reached up and caressed his balls, while sucking him deeply and convulsively swallowing over him. He dug his fingers into her shoulders as he cried out again as his orgasm shattered his senses.

Mel swallowed every last drop of his cum. Kane strode over, placing his hands under her arms and pulled her up. He flipped her around and starting kissing her roughly. He could taste Derek's essence, as well as the taste that was uniquely Melanie.

Derek laid back on the bed, his entire body sheened with sweat and quivering from the intense orgasm that still sent shivers through him. Melanie groaned against Kane as his mouth plundered hers. His hands pulled at her pants, opening them and sliding them down her legs. Melanie broke the kiss with one word, "NO!" Kane's head snapped back in surprise. Melanie had never said no before. Ever. "Tonight, I am in control." Kane looked at her intensely and then glanced at Derek at the bed. The thought that she would be controlling them tonight was sending signals to his thickening cock. 

"Over here Kane," said Melanie, pulling him towards the bed. Derek groaned and tried to move but he felt completely boneless still. "On the bed," Kane's mind was racing as she directed him towards were Derek laid limply on the bed

Melanie gave both her men a playful smile. She reached up and started to remove Kane's clothing. When he was completely naked, she smiled and turned him to face Derek on the bed.

"You ready Derek?" asked Mel, "Yeah," said Derek as he slid off the bed shakily.

Derek felt his cock starting to get hard again. He knew what Melanie wanted him to do. But he was going to wait to hear her say it. It would give Kane something to say no to if he wasn't into it. Up until this point, they had only flirted with idea here and there of Kane and Derek together. Now that he was about to do it, Derek felt his breathing speed up.

A shock ran through Kane's system as he realized what Melanie had planned. She reached forward and grasped his hard thighs spreading them. "Suck him Derek, make him moan."

Derek grinned and fell to his knees. He took all of Kane's cock into his mouth. He swallowed and took him all the way to his throat. His hands came up, one was fondling his balls and the other rubbing his sac. Kane's head fell back and moaned. Melanie moved her hands from behind him and began flicking his distended nipple to little hardened nubs.

"That's it baby, suck him real deep," groaned Mel as she squeezed Kane's nipples.

Kane moaned as Derek's teeth grazed up along his throbbing shaft. Mel trailed her hands down Kane's quivering chest to his thighs. She pulled his thighs up and slowly rubbed her fingers over his ass. Kane arched off the bed as she quickly slid two fingers deep inside him

"Make him cum now Derek." Derek at once grazed Kane's dick with his teeth and licked his slit. Kane shuddered and shot his come into Derek's awaiting mouth.

Mel wasn't finished though. She had pushed three fingers into Kane now. She felt his prostate and continued to work his ass until he was moaning and writhing.

Kane cried out as his orgasm was extended twice as long, his hands gripped into the sheets tightly as Derek grazed his teeth up over his jerking shaft and the tip. The inferno of pleasure seared him with its intensity as his vision blackened around the edges.

Kane collapsed in a heap. "Fuck me," he whispered. Melanie laughed a little. "I thought we just did. But don't think I'm done with you. I haven't had my turn yet and neither has Derek." Mel shifted so that she was on her knees facing the headboard. Derek came around the bed and came up behind her.

She turned and grasped Derek's steadily thickening cock which she stroked back to fullness. She pressed her mouth against his while she stroked him teasingly.

Derek was fully hard once again. He began to rub his cock between Melanie's wet pussy lips. Mel shivered as her throbbing nub felt the slick friction against it. She wanted him inside her. NOW!

"I think it's hardly fair that you get to do all the teasing Mel," said Derek. He buried his head between her legs and stroked his tongue along her weeping clit

"Oh, like its fair when you and Kane take control and I'm left a boneless mess," Mel couldn't believe she could even string two words together. Derek's tongue was rasping her clit to pain. He then began to work two fingers into her slippery channel, making any more thinking out of question.

She cried out, willing the throbbing sensation to break over her so she could regain control all that much faster.

Derek felt Mel was on the verge of orgasm. He quickly pulled away. She growled at him. "If you are going to come Mel, I want to be in that sweet pussy of yours." Derek reared up, slamming her against the headboard as he impaled her on his throbbing erection. Kane, who by now, had been merely watching saw his opportunity. 

He grasped Derek's hips and spread his cheeks far. He reached down and coated his hand in Mel's fluids and massaged it into Derek's ass. Derek stopped moving and shuddered inside Mel. "Fuck," moaned Derek as Kane's fingers reached in deeper.

Kane knew exactly which spot to touch. "God Kane, that feels good," Derek pushed back against Kane's marvelous fingers. "I need more though. Please give me more." Melanie was moaning as Derek began to move once again in a rhythm that would allow him to feel everything.

Kane grinned and pushed Derek against Melanie before spreading him and sliding his hot, hard thickness deep inside him. "Fuck you're so tight Derek," groaned Kane as he worked himself deep inside of him. Derek moaned at the feeling of Kane sliding into him and the feeling of Mel's tight warm heat wrapped around his throbbing shaft like a thick leather glove.

Derek didn't know which sensation was better. The feeling of Melanie's wet lips gripping his cock or the fullness as Kane slowly fucked his ass. Kane slid in and out with an agonizingly slow pace. He leaned over a little and began to also fondle Mel's tight little clit.

Derek breathed brokenly as Kane grasped his hips more tightly and began to slide into him faster. Melanie's legs twined over the top of Kane's trapping Derek between their hot sweaty bodies. The sensations burned at him, Kane's hard muscles pressed against his back and Melanie's soft supple breasts with their hardened buds pressed up against his chest.

"Fuck him harder," breathed Melanie. With every movement from Kane, Derek drove into Mel's body. Kane began to slam into Derek at the sound of Mel's voice.

Derek cried out as Melanie wrapped her arms around his back, she squeezed her legs down more tightly and began thrusting up to him when Kane thrust down. Tears leaked out from Derek's eyes with immense pleasure and the intense pressure beginning to build in his groin and balls.

"Oh god, I can't hold back anymore, I'm going to come." He felt the pleasure shooting up his spine. Kane's balls were slapping against his ass and with one more swift thrust, Derek let go.

Derek roared out as he exploded deep inside of Mel. He clenched tightly over Kane, the sudden pressure sent him over the edge. He roared out his pleasure and exploded, emptying himself into Derek's ass. Mel's nails dug into Derek's back as her orgasm flooded over her she screamed as she clamped over Derek's pulsing cock.

The three fell to the bed gasping for air. Not a sound could be heard except the rasping of breath. Then suddenly Mel chirped up, "So when can we do that again?"

"Not for awhile babe, I think we might have killed Derek," panted Kane. Mel giggled as she realized that Derek was fast asleep.

Melanie smiled and snuggled up to her bodyguard. Kane took his left side and all three lapsed into a deep satisfied sleep.

Chapter 2

Derek walked into the office to chat with Kane, but Melanie has other ideas. She closed and locked the door and pulled the blinds over the windows.

Kane looks up from his mess of papers on his desk. He shoots a glance to Derek to ask what is going on, but Derek's face is a complete mystery. When he looks over to Melanie she was removing her top. And then other things began to fill his mind altogether.

"You got plenty of chance to play with Derek last time," grinned Melanie lecherously, "Take out Derek's cock and suck him."

Kane couldn't believe that this was Melanie. She was never the one who was in control, but lately she was one directing them all. And it didn't matter, because Kane felt himself moving from his seat. He undid Derek's pants and let them drop to floor. Today, however, Derek chose to forgo the boxers. Kane's mouth was practically watering as he saw Derek's thick cock stiffening to full length.

Derek groaned as Kane sucked his thickening cock into his mouth. "That's it baby, suck him in all the way to the back," said Melanie huskily.

His tongue rolled under the ridge, creating deep sensations starting in Derek's spine. Derek began to sweat, trying to grasp onto some semblance of control. But he gave up the fight when he felt Kane press forward all the way, taking every last quivering inch of his cock into his mouth.

Derek leaned back and moaned, the sensations drilling through him. Melanie crushed her lips to his while pulling his jacket off. Her hand reached under him to cup his balls while her other hand unbuttoned his shirt.

Pulling the shirt off his shoulders, Melanie began slow ministrations to Derek's nipples. With each moan, she pinched him a little hard. Derek became a flood of pain and pleasure. Even Kane sucking him dry was causing him pain with unbearable pleasure. 

His hands bunched tightly in Kane's thick hair as the pain and pleasure ran riot through his body. He gasped for breath at each pull of Kane's mouth on his straining cock and with each caress and twinge of Mel's fingers on his hard throbbing nipples.

The last of his control left his body, as he felt Kane slide his tongue down the length of him. "Fuck!" Derek screamed. His head fell back against Melanie as he shot his come into Kane's awaiting mouth. 

"I never took you to be a screamer Derek," said Kane wiping his mouth grinning. "We'll see who's the one screaming soon Kane," said Mel pulling his tie out. "He's already ready to burst," remarked Mel as she grabbed his full erection through his strained pants.

"Take off your clothes Kane. And do it very slowly, I want to enjoy this." Melanie stepped back to peruse Kane's strip tease. Behind her she heard Derek come up. He leaned in and licked her neck and fondled her hardened nipples through the lace of the bra. Although she loved the feeling, Melanie was determined to not be distracted.

Kane slowly unbuttoned his shirt revealing the broad expanse of bronze muscled skin, he pushed his shirt off with his jacket and reached down to his belt. Mel watched intently as Kane popped the button on his pants and drew down the zipper. She moaned when Derek's hand moved down and caressed her hard bud with his hot breath on her cheek. Kane pushed his pants and boxers down together, his full thickness slapping against his hard stomach before he bent over to pull his pants and boxers off his feet

Melanie stepped away from Derek. Her body felt bereft without his hands on her, but she wanted to touch Kane. She walked over and glided her hand down his rippling chest, past his navel and straight to his straining penis. Her fingertips grazed its purplish head and she smiled as she felt Kane tremble. Using only her fingertip, she ran it up and down the length two then three times. Kane's breathing seemed to stop altogether after the third graze.

"You're going to wish you hadn't made that comment Kane, we're both going to enjoy making you scream," purred Melanie flicking her tongue over the pulsing head of his cock. Melanie enveloped all of his hard length. Kane began to slowly fuck her mouth with small strokes and then when the pleasure began to shoot down his spine, he began to pump in her tempting mouth a little harder. Derek came around him and began to massage his taut ass. He moaned again this time at the feel of Derek's strong fingers tracing the contours of muscular thighs.

"Oh fuck," groaned Kane as Melanie released her lips from him and placed hard nipping kisses along his pulsing shaft. He cried out as Derek slipped a wet finger into his clenching ass.

Melanie moved her way up his body. Placing hot kisses on every inch of his skin she could reach. "I want you inside me Kane. Now!" Melanie flipped around and bent over his desk. Kane saw her tempting ass but he decided what he really wanted to feel on his cock was her wet pussy. Grasping her hips, Kane wedged his aching erection through her wet lips, rasping the bundle of nerves just waiting for his touch. 

Melanie moaned, "More," she gasped.

She moaned and bucked against him, a better idea flitted through her mind so she grasped his hips halting him. "What I want to see is Derek fucking you on the desk while I ride your big fat cock," Kane groaned as he pulled out of her. Melanie pushed all the papers off the table and said, "I want to see you balls deep in his ass before I ride him babe."

Melanie crushed her lips to Kane's, pushing him down on the hardwood desk. Derek approached him stroking his thick cock in one hand. "I'm going to mock you so bad when I make you scream Kane," smirked Derek as he grasped Kane's thighs spreading them wide. He moaned as Melanie's fingers penetrated him, spreading him for Derek's girth.

"You ready Derek?" asked Melanie.

"Of course," grinned Derek. He grasped a hold of his cock and pushed against the tight ring of muscle in Kane's ass. He groaned as Derek slipped the throbbing head of his cock pass the clenching ring of muscle. Kane cried out harshly as Derek slid all the way inside of him, Derek moaned at the sensation. "He's very tight isn't he babe?" asked Melanie seductively. 

"Oh yeah he's tight, you feel so good crushing my cock in there," moaned Derek as he slowly dragged himself out and rammed back in. Kane cried out again as a surge of pleasure flooded through him, he gasped when Mel wrapped both her lithe hands around his straining hardness and began to stroke and rub her fingers over the sensitive head.

"Fuck, Mel if you're going to fuck him do it now, I can't hold out much longer," groaned Derek as he thrust more savagely into Kane's ass. Melanie stroked Kane's weeping member again before letting it go. She climbed onto the table and grasped Kane's thighs, sliding down onto his thick erection. She placed her hands on his chest and began toying with his hard nipples while she built up the same savage pace that Derek had going.

Kane grasped Melanie's back as the pressure continued to build in his groin and balls, he gasped and panted as bursts of pleasure rapidly spiked through him as Mel and Derek took turns ramming into him. Soon the pressure was too much for Derek, he grasped Kane's hips tightly and pounded into him twice more then roared his release, exploding deep inside his ass.

Melanie shrieked over Kane as her orgasm flooded over her. Derek quickly slid out of him and slid three fingers into Kane's ass, finding his sweet spot, he rubbed it roughly as Kane howled with the pleasure. Melanie squeezed her tight walls around him increasing the pressure. Kane saw spots appear in his vision, he knew he was close to blacking out from the pleasure, he screamed his release as it tore from him, pumping deep inside her warm opening.

"It's great to know I can make you both scream from the pleasure," said Melanie huskily as she retrieved her clothes. Derek stumbled away from the desk and found his pants, he tapped Kane on the leg and asked "Are you alright buddy?"

Kane groaned and said "Yeah, give me a moment. I feel so boneless right now I can hardly move."