 Together, Raven and Hawk convinced Charity to journey to their home with them. It was not too difficult, as she really had nothing left here amongst the ruins of the settlement. They had been nothing but kind to her, and she knew that although it was possible to survive on her own, it was not preferred, nor was it prudent. The other tribe could come back looking for her, if it was indeed them that had destroyed the settlement. Even if it were not, another marauding tribe could come, and she would be at their mercy. There was also the factor of loneliness. She was not used to living without anyone nearby, even though she lived alone, and she did not desire to be without companionship. She took a last look at what had been her home, then squared her shoulders, and followed the young men away from the dreary sight. They moved back towards the place that they had camped the night before, as it was growing too late to journey back to their own home that night.

As they bedded down for the night, Hawk took first watch, and Raven lay down beside Charity, for even though she was clothed now, the night air was still quite chilled, and she was shivering. He let her get comfortable, then without a word, slipped behind her, settling her against his muscular chest, his arms wrapped tightly around her. They lay in silence for a bit, and then he felt her body shake slightly, and he realized she was weeping soundlessly. Gently, he moved his arms, urging her to turn to face him, which she reluctantly did. She buried her face in his chest, and her tears fell like rain. He could feel how tense her body was with the force of her crying, and he rubbed his hands over her back, trying to soothe her. She clung to him fiercely, her pain a tangible thing in the stillness of the cave. He murmured wordlessly to her, crooning soft words until he felt her shoulders gradually stop shaking. She lay in his arms, exhausted, resting her face against his body. 

Having her turned to face him, had quite an effect on Raven's body. Her soft breasts pressing against his chest, and the warmth of her thighs touching his, even through her clothing, began to arouse him. He could not stop himself from pulling her just a bit closer to him, wishing that she were still unclothed. He felt his cock rising, and groaned inwardly. He would never take advantage of her, but he did want her very badly. He wanted to show her love-making was wonderful, not the horrific experience she had had with the other men. He wanted to gently and lovingly help her to become a woman, along with Hawk's assistance. The thought of the two of them tangled together, their mouths sharing his shaft, made him stir even more. His imagination soared with the thoughts of all the different combinations the three of them could share. How they could pleasure her! 

Looking down into Charity's sweet face, he realized she had drifted off to sleep, worn out from traveling and the day's events. Knowing he would not disturb her rest, he pulled her body as close to his own as he dared, feeling his arousal nestle between her thighs gently as if it belonged there. She sighed softly and snuggled into him, evidently liking the feel of his body wrapped around her own. He glanced over to the doorway, and saw Hawk watching him, smiling softly, his hand slowly stroking himself as he observed the closeness between the other two. Apparently he was fantasizing as well. As much as he longed to do more, Raven simply held the girl close to him, enduring the aching feeling between his thighs. It was a small price to pay for holding the one they loved so dearly close to his heart and body. 

Charity was deeply asleep, and she was dreaming. She dreamt of being at a stream, and bathing. When she looked up, there stood Raven and Hawk, watching her. Rather than being shamed, she beckoned them to join her, which they gladly did. They were magnificent in their nudity, she observed, like wild animals, sleek and lean. All three splashed about like children, laughing together, all the while moving closer together, until suddenly she was between the two of them. She felt her heart beating very fast, but it was not from fear. A look passed between the two, and then they moved in a step closer and she was between their bodies. She could feel each masculine chest pressing into her breasts, and her nipples jumped to attention. She could feel their arousals pushing against each of her legs beneath the rushing water, and that did not frighten her either. She found her hands moving of their own accord around Raven's neck first, pulling his face to her own and meeting his lips for a soft kiss, then she released him and did the same to Hawk. 

The next thing she knew they were lying together on some moss a short ways from the stream bed, and she was being gently stroked by their hands, on each side of her body. She moaned softly as their fingers trailed over her breasts, moisture pooling between her thighs. Their hands wandered down her body, and in between her legs, and she felt someone rubbing her most intimate area, very softly, as if begging for entrance. She could not resist, and opened herself, inviting them to do as they would. Now she felt a mouth on her breast, eager and hungry, and another between her thighs. She had no idea which was which, as she had her eyes closed, but it felt delicious. Their ministrations were becoming more passionate and forceful, and she felt a finger invade her, and an aroused member tapping against her mouth. Startled, she opened her eyes, and to her horror found it was not Raven and Hawk that were with her, but Panther and one of his men, and they were grinning at her with anticipation. She opened her mouth to scream, but the cock was shoved between her lips, effectively stopping her, and then Panther was between her legs, pushing them wide apart, and brushing his breechclout aside again, to reveal an enormous erection. As she struggled and tried to cry out, he began slowly to push himself inside of her virgin pussy. Charity awoke with a sharp cry, gasping and drenched in perspiration.

Immediately, strong arms held her tightly, and she realized where she was. She was safe. She glanced up and saw Raven's concerned face looking down at her. "A nightmare." He spoke matter-of-factly. "It is not surprising after what you have been through. Do you wish to talk about it?" In a way, Charity did, but it was far too embarrassing to share the intimate scene she had envisioned in the first part of her dream with one of the players. She shook her head and buried her face in his chest, and felt his hands gently smoothing over her back and her hair. She began to calm, and felt herself drifting towards sleep again. Soon she had found the peace she needed to drop off, and she was breathing softly and evenly in his arms again. For his part, Raven was behaving admirably, for he was now rock-hard from having her moan and twist in his arms from the throes of her dream. She had no idea how she had ground softly against him, her femininity soft against his thigh, her hard nipples brushing his chest through her thin dress. He had known she must be having a good dream to react in such a way, and he had not disturbed her, although the Gods knew she was disturbing him, but in such a delicious way, he was content to be tortured. He long for release in some way, but he would not leave her alone, in case she had the nightmare again. He knew that when Hawk came to relieve him, he could seek solace then, and stroke himself to completion, imagining Charity with her legs wrapped around him, while Hawk buried himself in his mouth.

At last, it was time, and Hawk moved silently over to where his companions lay. Raven eased his arms from around the sleeping girl, never waking her, and moved aside so that his friend could take his place. As they passed, he caressed Hawk's cheek and gave him a soft, loving kiss on the lips, full of promise. He waited until his friend had slipped into his place, and Charity was once again safely ensconced in another pair of loving arms, then he moved to the front of the cave to keep watch. His eyes scanning the still forest, Raven slid his fingers slowly over the front of his breechclout, feeling the outline of his erection, teasing himself a bit. His mind wandered to images of Charity, naked and eagerly offering herself to him, while Hawk stood by ready to join him. He could picture her opening her arms wide, smiling at him, her legs spread slightly as she waited to become a woman. How gently he would initiate her into the sacred rites of love-making, along with his best friend. He imagined kissing every inch of her beautiful body, making her quiver with desire, and then sliding into her virgin pussy, and thrusting slowly, as Hawk knelt and licked his shaft and her clit. His hand was wrapped tightly around his shaft now, and he stroked himself hard, lost in the images, but still ever vigilant.

Further back in the cave, Hawk held the lovely young woman close to his own body, feeling her soft warmth pressing him. She snuggled into him, seeming to enjoy the security of his arms. He placed a soft kiss on the top of her head, enjoying the scent of her hair. While he felt terrible for the things that happened to her, he couldn't help but rejoice in the fact that she was coming to their home with them. He hoped that some day Charity might wish to join with him and Raven and become a family unit. He longed to share her with his lover. He heard the soft sounds from the front of the cave and knew that Raven was finding release in his fantasies. He could well imagine what they might be, and he smiled. His love for the two of them overwhelmed him, and he pulled her just a bit closer. He closed his eyes, and willed himself to relax and fall asleep, as he knew his watch would come soon enough.

The night passed without incident, and in the morning, Hawk stayed with Charity while Raven went out to get breakfast. When they had eaten, they moved out of the cave and began the trek towards their home camp. Charity found that she was not nervous in the least about meeting the others that lived there, as the two young men filled her in on life among their adopted people. They sounded as if they were some of the most loving and peaceful human beings one would ever wish to meet, and she found herself looking forward to the change in her life, although her heart still ached for her lost friends and neighbors. She hoped that living somewhere else would help to ease the pain more quickly, than if she was still living in the settlement, alone. They took their time as they moved, stopping to rest as Charity needed, which was not nearly as often as it had been even two days ago. Already her body was toughening itself, which pleased all of them. By the time that dusk was falling, they were within sight of the campfires of their home. Charity felt a flutter of anticipation as they moved toward the flickering light, wondering what her new neighbors would think of her.