 Kara looked in the mirror. She'd never done anything like this before! She wondered whether or not she should have all the way home, but it was too late. It was late enough she was sure Greg had found the note not too long after she left. She only knew his first name, and that was because it was on the name tag he wore at her favorite boutique. She loved clothes, and shopped at the chic store several times a month. Greg had sold her a very sexy red mini skirt the first day he had worked there, and she had felt an instant attraction. From that day on she would only let him wait on her. 

They had been exchanging "looks" for months now and it was driving her crazy. Today had been too much! Greg had been his usual charming self, and of course he had waited on her. His hand lingered against hers just a little longer than necessary when he took her check, and their eyes met. The spark that flashed between them made her weak in the knees. But still he didn't say anything to her.

She had parked next to him in the parking lot. She had seen him getting in or out of his truck several times, so she knew it was his. "I'd like to get to know you better" she had boldly written. She had signed it simply, "K". He had taken her checks enough times to at least know her name, if he was interested at all. She quickly folded the note and stuck it in his door, right next to the handle. Then she'd driven away and gone home before she could change her mind. "Okay then, now what?" she thought out loud. 

She found out a short time later when the phone rang. She picked up the receiver. "Hello." she said.

"Hello, Kara?" a male voice asked.

"This is Kara." she replied, "Hi, Greg."

"I'd like to get to know you better, too. When can we get together?" he asked eagerly.

"I'm free tomorrow night," she answered him. "How does that sound?"

"Can I pick you up?" he offered.

"No, I'll meet you." she answered firmly.

"I get off work at about 7:00." he told her. "Can you meet me at the store?"

"Sure," she answered, wondering why he wanted to meet at the store. "I'll be there just after 7:00"

Kara hung up the phone smiling. Greg was very hot. He had an attractive face, and took very good care of his body. Her mind flashed for a moment on how it might feel to be in his arms. She was looking forward to the following evening.

She arrived at the store at ten after seven. The parking lot was almost empty, with only two cars left. She waited for a few minutes, and then decided he must be waiting for her inside. She went to the front entrance. It was dark inside already, but she could see the lights were on in the back, so she tapped on the glass and peered in. There was Greg coming toward her, smiling that dazzling smile that showed the little dimple by the corner of his mouth.

He unlocked the door and told her, "Come in! I'm just running a little bit late, and my boss and I were just about ready to get out of here. Why don't you come back and say hi." He led her to the back of the store while he continued talking. "Kara, this is the owner of the store, Phil. Phil, this is Kara."

They made the customary greetings and shook hands. Kara immediately warmed to Phil. He was also very attractive, and his smile was very welcoming. Phil told her they were just about finished, and if she didn't mind waiting a few minutes, Greg would be ready. He told her to feel free to wander about the store if she liked. She did just that. She was between the rows of dressing rooms, holding a dress in front of her when Greg came to find her. Their eyes met in the mirror in front of her.

"There you are!" he smiled at her. "Wow, that's a great dress. I bet it would look really hot on you. Why don't you go ahead and put it on?"

"Always the salesman, Greg?" Kara looked at him over her shoulder. "I was just looking. Besides, I've already spent my clothing allowance for the month."

"Not at all," Greg laughed. "But I am in a position to hold it for you if you want." He looked at his watch. "We have plenty of time, it's only 7:30, and I know we won't turn into pumpkins before midnight."

Kara laughed too. "Okay, I'll try it on. I do like it a lot." She went into one of the little cubicles to try on the dress. She came out and asked Greg to zip her before she twirled in front of the mirror.

Greg whistled. "You make that dress look great!" Kara had to admit she liked what she saw. The dress hugged her body perfectly, and it was red, her favorite color.

"Okay, I want it. Now what do I have to do to get you to hold it for me until next week?" She turned her back so he could unzip her.

Greg slid the zipper down her back slowly. "I might be able to think of something," he whispered in her ear, then kissed her neck. She shivered, and he kept kissing down her back as the dress opened. She wasn't wearing a bra, so his lips slid easily over her skin. When he got to the bottom of the zipper, he reached up and pulled a strap off her shoulder. As it slid down her arm, he kissed the path it followed, but stopped at her elbow. 

Kara was watching him in the large mirror opposite them. She knew she ought to stop him, but the scene developing in front of her was becoming quite erotic. She held the dress up as he slipped the other strap from her shoulder, kissing her as he pulled it down. When both her shoulders were bare, Greg moved back to her neck, this time biting her very gently along her neck and just below her ears. She leaned back against him for a moment, then he came around her and wrapped her in his arms. He bent his head to hers and kissed her, his lips persuasive, his tongue working its way into her mouth, his hand winding in her hair. 

Kara's arms wound around his neck and she moaned softly as he crushed her to him. She had been dreaming of his kiss since the first time they met, and now that it was happening she didn't want it to stop. They kissed for several long minutes, his lips and tongue taking total possession of her.

Finally he released her from his tight hold and she swayed as he stepped back. Her lips were swollen from his kiss, and all she wanted was more. She looked at him, her eyes cloudy, and slowly loosed her hold on the dress she was holding up. It slipped down her body to the floor, and all that was covering her was the slight wisp of lace that she wore as panties. Greg sucked in his breath sharply, and took her into his arms again. 

"Your body.... your breasts.... You are so beautiful!" he said. He kissed her for another minute, then moved around behind her again. His hands went around her, covering both breasts. He caressed them gently at first, then more vigorously. His extreme arousal was becoming apparent as he pressed his swelling into the crack of her ass. She leaned back against him, her head on his shoulder as she watched him play over her breasts in the mirror. He began to squeeze and twist her nipples, gently at first, then harder. She whimpered slightly as he pinched them even harder, then sighed as he let up just a little. 

Greg ran his hands down her arms, then pulled them up over her head. He slid his hands back down her arms a little, then back up to her hands. She wasn't even paying attention until he wrapped the cuffs around her wrists and closed them tightly.

Kara cried out. "What are you doing?"

"I won't hurt you, Kara. Trust me. You'll enjoy this."

Kara couldn't believe the predicament she was in. She was willing to have sex with Greg, that wasn't the problem. But she wasn't sure she liked being at someone's mercy like this! What did he have planned for her, she wondered.

Greg continued to play with her nipples. That still felt wonderful. She could feel a bit of dampness wetting her panties. As if he knew what she was thinking, Greg reached a hand down and slipped it between her thighs. He could feel the moisture through the lace. "Mmmm..... I think you like this, Kara."

She had discovered she did like it. It was exciting, to know she was totally under his control, that he could do whatever he wanted with her and she was helpless to stop him. His hand slid down her legs to her ankles, and somehow he found a way to bind her ankles too. He pulled them apart and tied her snugly. Then in one quick movement he grabbed her flimsy lace panties and tore them off her.

She gasped as he tore off her panties and she was totally naked in front of him. He knelt in front of her, his hands gliding over her soft skin, around her waist and down onto her ass. He buried his fingers in her skin, pulling her forward, her legs pulled apart by the restraints. His tongue probed her delicate folds, finding her clit and coaxing it to swell. 

Kara gasped at the sudden rush of wetness she felt as he licked at her. "Ohh..." was all she could say. Her eyes closed and she felt it wouldn't take much more to make her cum as he slid two of his fingers inside her and began stroking slowly in and out. 


Greg continued to tongue her, slowly stroking.... her juices began to flow freely, dripping down his hand and onto the floor. She was moaning, pushing her hips toward him when she opened her eyes and saw Phil's reflection in the mirror. He was standing behind her, watching her body react to Greg's mouth on her pussy. 

"Oh my god!" Kara screamed.

"What is it?" Greg asked as he jumped back from her. "Oh shit! Phil, what are you doing back here?"

"Well, lucky for me I had to come back to pick up a folder I'd forgotten in my office. What the hell do you think you're doing?" Then as he looked at Kara, naked and cuffed, "I ought to fire you, Greg. But seeing this hot babe hanging here has given me a hell of a hard on. I'll let you keep your job, but only if I can have some of this." He reached around Kara as he spoke and lightly pinched a nipple, then slid his hand down to her pussy. "She is wet. I'll bet she could use a good fucking."

"All right,' Greg said calmly as if he were sharing his lunch. "I'll share. But I get her pussy first."

"Not a problem," Phil replied. "She has a really hot ass, and I'd love to cum in that tight little hole."

"Wait a minute!" Kara spoke up. "I didn't agree to this!"

"Looks like you don't have a choice." Phil said, looking at her restraints. "Your boyfriend just said he's willing to share you, and that's good enough for me." He moved his wet hand around her and rubbed her slipperiness from her pussy up the crack of her ass. "Object if you think you have to, but we're both going to fuck you anyway. It'll be more fun for you if you just relax and enjoy what we're going to give you."

Kara's head was spinning. She thought for a minute that this was all a really bad joke gone too far until both men took off their clothes. The stood on either side of her, their engorged cocks rubbing against her skin as they touched her everywhere. They squeezed her nipples, rubbed their fingers down into her wet slit and spread her moisture up and down her pussy and ass. She looked in the mirror and she couldn't help it, the look and feel of their four hands all over was exciting her, and she wanted more.

Greg knelt back down in front of her as Phil reached around her from behind. His cock slid between her ass cheeks, slipping in her wetness they had spread over her. Kara watched in the mirror as Phil's hands kneaded her firm, round tits, his fingers centering on her hard, reddened nipples. 

Greg began licking her slit again, his hands grasping her hips hard. His tongue dove straight into her clit and rubbed it from side to side quickly. Kara began moaning as Phil started rubbing his cock up and down between her ass and her pussy. He pressed the head of his cock against her ass, opening her slightly. Kara jerked and began to cum immediately. She cried out and her body flailed against her restraints. When she thought she was done Greg sucked her clit into his mouth and she came again, harder this time as he kept his mouth tight over her clit, moving with her bucking hips. 

He finally let go of her and she stood there shaking, barely able to stand. Greg stood up and kissed her, smearing her cum on her face as he took her mouth with his. He slipped his cock into her with ease, lifting her just a little and pulling her on to him. He groaned as his cock sank deep into her wetness. His knees bent slightly, he began fucking her with quick strokes. Phil spread some more of her juices on the head of his cock and pushed against her ass, slowly opening her.

Kara protested, "No! Please...." but they held her tightly. He was almost in enough to pass that first resistance when he pulled back and gathered up even more of her slickness to ease the way. Phil kept pushing this time. Kara felt a burning sensation as his cock entered her tight ass. She wiggled and said "No..." again, but she was trapped between the two men.

Greg had slowed his pace, sliding his cock in and out of her nice and slow, while Phil kept pushing bit by bit until his balls nestled snugly against her ass. He gave a quick thrust against her, then pulled out a little and thrust deeply again. Kara began to whimper, her ass and her cunt full of cock. The two men pushed and pulled at her, working their hardness in and out of her. The sight of the three of them in the mirror was so hot! The men began pumping faster, and Phil began rubbing his fingers against her clit.

"Oh, Yes! Please..." Kara almost screamed. "I'm going to cum again! Fuck me harder! I want you both to fill me with your hot cum..."

Both men were breathing hard, their cocks swelling inside her, stretching her ass and filling her pussy. The sensations were overwhelming Kara, and her muscles clenched hard around the two men as she came for the third time. Her hips rocked back and forth out of control as her cum ran down her thighs.

Phil thrust into her even harder. "I'm going to pump my load in your tight ass..." he groaned, then his cock began to throb, and she could feel his cum spilling into her. Greg kept fucking her hard and fast until he, too, erupted inside her. The three of them clung together until Kara went limp against them. The men quickly uncuffed her and laid her down on the couch in Phil's office. They gently stroked and kissed her body as she regained her strength, then they carefully helped her clean up and get dressed.

The three of them went out to dinner together that night, and then they took her home, both of them kissing her thoroughly as they left, and thanking her for the evening. The next morning she opened her door to find a package waiting for her. In it was the dress she had tried on, and a hot pair of heels to match. "Kisses, Phil and Greg" the note said. After that, every time a new shipment would come in, Phil or Greg would give her a call and invite her to come down and "try some things on."