 Flower awoke late the next day, still feeling a bit tired, but very relaxed at the same time. As she washed herself, she thought of the strange dream she had experienced the night before. It had not been unpleasant in any way, but it had been filled with sexual feelings and images. She guessed it must have been because of her lovemaking with Raven and Hawk that had caused her to dream of such things. She felt a flush color her cheeks, remembering both snippets of the dream and her real-life experiences with the two young men. It was odd to her in a way, for she seemed to recall other women being in her dream and touching her, and it had been very pleasant. She thought about that for a moment, as she dried herself. Perhaps she was curious about loving another female physically, and that was what had caused the phenomena. She decided to find Dove and talk with her about it, getting her opinion on the matter. 

She left the stream and made her way into the village, stopping to speak with several people along the way, and helping with small tasks as she went, until finally, she found Dove gathering foodstuffs in the forest. She began helping her immediately, and wasn't quite certain how to begin. Finally, she cleared her throat, and said "Dove, I wanted to ask you something, and see what you thought."

"Of course, my friend." 

"I....had a dream last night. It was filled with....well...."

Dove laughed softly. "You had a sex dream, didn't you?" Flower blushed to the roots of her hair and nodded. She wished she didn't get so embarrassed every time she tried to discuss these things. She had wanted to tell Dove the day before of everything that had happened, from her feelings at watching the two young men mate, to how their mouths and bodies had felt touching her own, but she was still reluctant to do so. Nevertheless, she was determined to get her friend's opinion, so she made herself continue.

"Um....yes, I did. The thing is....I don't remember too much about it, except there seemed to be only one man and....two other women with me." She paused, then took a deep breath. "They were all...touching me and kissing me and...doing things to me and to each other, and it felt really good. I liked it all."

"That is very normal after an experience such as you had yesterday."

"Even with the women in my dream?"

"Oh yes...you've seen the women in the tribe....how many of them love one another physically, and you've probably become curious about it. Now that you're a woman, it is only natural that you would wish to experience such a thing for yourself."

Flower thought about that for a bit, as they worked, then she looked at Dove. "Well....if I am curious....how do I go about....doing something about it?" The other girl grinned at her. "If you're that curious, my friend, I will help you. Tonight, if you like, you, Raven, Hawk and I will go away together for a time, and play together. Would you like that?"

"Oh, yes. I think that would be lovely."

"I will speak with them in awhile then. Tonight after dinner, we will sate your curiosity." 

The two girls continued working, talking about other matters, but Flower's mind was filled with the coming evening, and what it would be like. She loved her friend, and she knew she would feel most comfortable with someone she knew well to try something so foreign to her. Also, she hoped Dove might teach her how to please a man a bit more. After they went back to camp with their full baskets, she saw Dove go and speak with the two young men, who were busy working with their bows, restringing them. They glanced her way, and smiled warmly, Raven giving her a wink. She felt warm down to her toes, and could scarcely wait for the night to come. 

Storm and her party had planned to drug the girl again that night, and molest her, but they soon learned of the plans that had already been made, so they knew they would have to wait. They decided it might be best to wait a day or so in between, that way it would not suddenly seem suspicious to Flower that she was having sexual dreams every night. They would prey on the other members of the tribe, the young untried or barely tried women to appease their twisted appetites in between. The very thought of sweet young flesh made them all quite lustful, and they spent most of their time in a state of sexual excitement. 

Dinner came and then the magic time, of couples pairing off and slipping away. The four young people moved together through the brightly lit night, to the cave in the forest that belonged to Raven and Hawk. When they had learned of what was planned for that night, earlier they had prepared the cave quite well, so that when Flower entered, she was pleasantly surprised to find a huge 'nest' of branches and skin covering the floor, so that it was even more comfortable than the day before. A small fire was laid over to one side, and they quickly had it blazing away, warming the cool air. She found herself feeling slightly nervous, now that the time had come, but as soon as Raven stepped behind her and slid his arms around her slender waist, she relaxed. He pulled her gently back against his body, and said softly "Watch..."

Hawk and Dove had stepped into the midst of the bedding, and were holding each other tightly, their lips touching lightly, still clothed. His hands slid down to cup her ass, and hers slid up to his shoulders, and the kiss slowly deepened. Meanwhile, Raven let his hands slide up Flower's sides, to cup her breasts gently, as they watched the others. He began speaking softly in her ear, as the two moved slowly before them. "See how they cling, Little Flower, their bodies melting into one another, despite the clothing they wear. The body knows that soon, skin will caress skin and it prepares itself for the act of love. Do you feel wetness between your thighs, Sweet One?" He ran his thumbs over her nipples softly, as she nodded, her eyes fixed on the couple in front of them, mesmerized by his deep voice thrumming her ear. 

Hawk and Dove were now removing clothing. His was gone quickly, and hers followed suit. They were breathtaking in their nudity, eyes locked on one another, fingers sliding down to touch between each other legs. The lovely young woman slid her fingers slowly over her lover's cock, while his fingers slipped into her softness, and his thumb grazed her clit. Flower could feel Raven's erection pressing into her bottom, as he continued speaking. "See how lovely they are in the firelight? His cock is hard as a tree trunk, seeking out her warmth and wetness. Your nipples are very hard, my Sweet One. Is your pussy very wet? Does what you see excite you?"

Breathlessly, she whispered, "Oh yes..."

"That is good....it excites me. It makes me wish to dip my cock into your wellspring of life....or into Dove's.....or into my Hawk's tight ass. Does this make you uncomfortable, to have me speak of such things?" He continued to caress her breasts, but now let a hand slide downward to cup her mound of Venus. She gasped. A finger slid along her cleft, through her clothing. "Does it?" he repeated.

"A....a little bit.....but it is....exciting also."

"Good....watch as he kisses his way down to her full breasts....tastes her nipples.....sucks them...." Hawk was laving Dove's heaving breasts hungrily, his hands on her hips, holding her still. She was moaning and stroking him hard. Flower could see a drop of pre-cum glisten on the end of his cock. She could imagine his mouth on her breasts, as Raven continued to caress her, rubbing her cleft even more firmly. Her knees felt weak, and she trembled against him. His erection felt huge against her bottom, and he ground himself against her slightly. She moaned again, wanting her clothing off very badly, so she could feel him touching her bare skin. The other couple had now dropped to their knees, his cock pressing against her belly. 

"What do you want right now, my Sweet Flower? Do you want to join the loving you see before you?"

"Yes!" The word leapt off her tongue before she could even think, and he laughed softly, deep in his chest. His lips brushed the side of her neck, and then he caught her up in his arms and moved into the bedding as well. The other two had stopped to watch their friends now. Raven laid her down in midst of the skins and furs, and began to undress her. The other two joined in, and then he shed his clothing. Now, they began taking turns kissing her. Raven's mouth was first on her own, then Hawk claimed her. Then, as the two men watched, Flower received what she thought was her first romantic kiss from another woman. Dove's lips were soft and tender, very gentle against her own, but insistent, so that she parted her lips and let their tongues touch. She was surprised by just how arousing the kiss was to her, and she found herself sliding her arms around her friend, and pulling her close. She could feel Dove's hard nipples rubbing against her own, as they kissed, and it was a wonderful sensation. Now as they broke apart, she looked at the two men, and they were stroking one another, kissing themselves. It was so erotic, she groaned aloud, and Dove responded by leaning down and beginning to kiss her left breast, very lightly and softly, her fingertips rubbing circles on the other one. Flower couldn't help but arch her back, offering herself to this female that she loved like a sister. The kisses became firmer, and then Dove had her nipple in her mouth, and her hips were moving up and down slowly, in response to her friend's sucking. She was spreading her legs without even conscious thought, just needing to be filled. She glanced at the two men again, and saw that Hawk was busy sucking Raven's cock as if it were his last meal.

The pure lust and raw passion that filled the cave were almost more than she could take. It was heavenly, and then Dove's fingers slid into her pussy, and it became more so. Flower cried out at the feeling, as her friend finger-fucked her and moved from nipple to nipple back and forth, making her insane with need. Now Dove kissed her way downward, slowly, moving over her flat belly and over her pubic bone, to where the real treasure lay. She pushed her friend's legs even wider apart, and her mouth closed over the labia. Her tongue moved into Flower's depths, and then teased her clit. Flower found herself crying out her friend's name. "Oh, Dove....yes....please keep doing that. Please keep kissing my....." She couldn't bring herself to form the word she had heard others say before.

"Pussy, Sweet One. You can say it. Ask her to lick your pussy." Raven's voice was a bit breathless as Hawk continued to pleasure him. "Just as I will say, my Hawk, suck my cock. Your mouth feels so wonderful, my Sweet." 

The words inflamed Flower, and she found herself finally able to say things she had never thought she would utter. "Dove...oh God......kiss my pussy....lick it....it feels so good when you slide your tongue in.....don't stop.....please play with me more...."

Dove brought her just to the edge of orgasm, and then stopped, as did Hawk. "Time to change partners," she said, winking at her friend, who looked dazed. She moved toward Raven, and Hawk passed her, and knelt between Flower's legs. She looked over to see Raven's cock disappear into Dove's talented mouth, then she felt Hawk's mouth moving over her, lightly kissing, dipping his tongue into her sweetness, and now sucking her clit into his mouth. She could hear Raven moaning as Dove sucked and licked his shaft, her hands clasping his ass tightly. He thrust two fingers into her pussy as she sucked him. Again, they moved to the very edge of orgasm, and stopped.

For Raven's turn with her, he lay on top of her, sliding his cock along her slit, and teasing her, as he slowly licked her nipples, one at a time. Flower ground upward against him, finding herself once again saying words she had not thought herself capable of saying. "Raven, my Raven....please Beloved....I want you inside me....I want to feel your...cock...in my pussy....I want you to make love to me....I need you...." He simply continued to move against her, teasing her, as the other two performed a similar dance beside them. When all had almost reached climax again, he rose up on his knees. 

"Now, it is time to give you ultimate pleasure, my Flower. We shall all make love to you at one time, and you shall feel your spirit soar and spin with the force of our love for you. Are you ready?"

Weakly, she managed to nod, feeling as if she could scarcely take anymore. Their mouths moved as one on her face, then Hawk and Dove took her breasts, as Raven slid to the hilt into her soft wetness, and claimed her again. She screamed with the excruciating pleasure of it all, the lips and tongues on each nipple, the cock thrusting into her, and a thumb teasing her clit madly. When she finally crashed over the edge, it did feel as if she were soaring above her body, looking down on the beautiful love scene before her. It seemed to go on forever, until she slipped back down to earth and felt the warmth of them all still surrounding her and touching her. Raven's cum spread across her belly, warm and sticky, and Dove was licking it off of her skin. Hawk was emptying his seed across Dove's back, with a mighty groan, and now Raven moved between her thighs and licked her to a shuddering orgasm as well. 

They all lay in the bedding, tangled together, deeply satisfied. After a time, Dove squeezed her friend's hand. "Well, what did you think of loving me?"

"It was wonderful, Dove. Thank you for sharing it with me."

"You didn't seem so shy all of a sudden!" Dove teased her, and they all laughed. 

"No, I guess not. It was....amazing. I love you all so much."

Raven smiled at her, and kissed her gently. "And we love you, Flower. In fact, Hawk and I have been speaking of something. How would you two like to form a family unit with us? "

The girls sat up quickly, their eyes wide, then looked at each other. Slow smiles slid across their faces, and as one, they fell on the men again, kissing them madly. When they left them up to catch their breath, Raven looked at Hawk. "I think that means yes!" His friend grinned and nodded, and then all cuddled together for some more playtime before heading back to the camp.