 Penny glanced back at Mr. Hammond, still magnificently naked and still with remnants of their cum on his lips. She couldn't believe she'd just signed a contract to work here and then been an active participant in the hottest sex she'd ever experienced. And he'd come inside her, she realized, something that felt wrong but so deliciously right at the same time. 

"Penny," Mr. Hammond said. "This is Mr. Nathan and Mr. Green. They're my business partners and your new bosses. I think they're already impressed with what they've seen. Gentlemen? This is Penny."

Mr. Nathan could have been Mr. Hammond's brother. Dark hair and bright blue eyes, with a muscular body and a confident stance that not many men could match with his pants undone and cock in his hand. His jaw was a bit squarer and his nose a bit longer, but was very attractive and probably in his late 30s. His dick was making repeated appearances as he slowly stroked himself, probably about 7" but thicker than Mr. Hammond's. He was staring at her tits which were spilling over the edges of her bra. 

Penny reached around to undo her bra, slowly sliding the straps down her arm then flinging it to the side, now leaving her clad in only her garter, stockings, and heels. Mr. Nathan's eyes darted towards hers, continuing to stroke himself as he moved closer to her head. In seconds he was staring down at her, allowing his eyes to travel over her svelte body. 

"A pleasure to meet you, Penny. You look like you've already had quite an interview. Not tired yet, though, I hope?" he said with a smile. He seemed much less reserved than Mr. Hammond. 

Penny shook her head, not sure what to say. It wasn't necessary though, as Mr. Nathan reached down and grabbed her shoulders, pulling her body across the desk so that her head hung off the end, her mouth just a breath away from his cock. She couldn't help letting her tongue reach out and flick at the precum forming on the tip which caused his cock to jerk and a hard breath leave his body. 

"You love cock, don't you, Penny?" Mr. Nathan asked. "You want to know how good my dick tastes while I fuck your face, don't you? Think you can take it all?"

With that he began running his cock over her lips, but not allowing her to get her mouth around him. He brushed the head over her cheeks and chin, coating her face with strands of precum while her mouth began to water. She arched up with a groan, desperate to feel him on her tongue. He chuckled slightly and relented, sliding in her mouth a few inches, allowing her cheeks to hollow as she sucked hard, already anticipating his warm cum as it flowed down her throat. 

"Fuck!" Mr. Nathan panted as he slowly started to move his hips, driving his cock further into her mouth, not stopping when he heard her gag. She quickly accustomed, though, starting to moan at the silky feel of him and his musky taste, when she felt the familiar feel of hands on her thighs.

Not one to be left out, Mr. Green had rounded the desk, removing his clothing as he went. He looked like a blond version of Mr. Hammond or Mr. Nathan, but with green eyes and even taller at around 6'4", though just as muscled. His cock was the largest of them all at about 10" and almost as thick as Penny's wrist. 

"She looks like a little slut, lying across the desk with a cock shoved down her throat and another man's cum dripping out of her pussy," Mr. Green announced, looking rather pleased with the way things were developing. 

"You're going to like being our whore, won't you, Penny?" he asked, not expecting a reply as her mouth was otherwise engaged. But she let out a groan of agreement which caused Mr. Nathan to echo her, the vibrations of her throat making him thrust harder.  

Mr. Green smiled down at her, one hand reaching out to twist a dusky nipple, the other reaching between her thighs and slipping a finger inside her. She moaned again, slurping at Mr. Nathan's cock as he continued to fuck her face.

Penny's legs were pulled up and apart, Mr. Green grabbing both ankles and spreading them as he looked down as her wet, used pussy, now starting to clench at the idea of his giant cock spearing her. Slowly, he lined up with her hole, teasing her for a moment and only allowing the first two inches to enter her. But it didn't take long before he couldn't stand it anymore and buried his rod balls deep on one thrust. 

Penny screamed around Mr. Nathan's dick, never having had a cock so large before. He stilled, allowing her to adjust. Only a moment later she began to move her hips, wanting to feel both men fucking her at once. They obliged, Mr. Nathan moving faster as her throat opened fully and Mr. Green beginning to hammer at her cunt. Penny could barely even move between them, though she squirmed, trying to get closer to them both. 

"Fuck, I'm going to cum," Mr. Nathan shouted as his balls slapped against her forehead. His face screwed up and his thrusts got more rapid, losing his rhythm. A few strokes later he pulled out, hand wrapped around the base as he shot jet after jet of sticky cum across her face, some landing in her hair or her cheeks, but most landing in her still-open mouth. He placed his other hand on the desk for support as he leaned over, the last stream landing on her chin. 

"Yeah, she looks good with her face all covered in your cum, doesn't she?" Mr. Hammond asked. "I think she wants more." Mr. Nathan laughed, but began scooping up the cum on her face with his cock, allowing her to lick it off. Once cleaned up, Mr. Nathan stood still, allowing her to nurse on his cock while he played with her nipples, waiting for Mr. Green to dump his load inside her. 

Mr. Green continued to pound at her, alternating between slow, deep strokes to fast, short jabs at her cunt. His finger was continuously playing with her clit, each circle making her gasp. 

"She'll cum if you tell her to," Mr. Hammond stated. "She seems like she'll be very obedient".

"Is that right, Penny?" Mr. Green asked, breath short. "Will you cum as soon as I say? You know I'll need to cum when I feel your cunt grabbing at me. And you're greedy for my spunk, aren't you?" 

Penny moaned, the sound an agreement, and he continued to hammer at her. She'd never felt anything so intense and wanted her completion, while also wishing it could last forever. 

"Cum now," Mr. Green demanded, and she did. Her whole body clenched while pleasure tore through her. Mr. Nathan backed away, his half-hard dick slipping from her lips as she moaned. Mr. Green continued to thrust, not letting her orgasm fade, keeping it suspended, until she couldn't take it anymore and begged him to stop. He thrust hard another five, six times, then shouted his own orgasm, repeating "fuck" over and over again as he stilled, her pussy milking him hard.

"Not bad, eh gentlemen?" Mr. Hammond said with a small smile. "Now, if you'll excuse me, Mr. Green?"

Mr. Green stepped back, his cock still hard and wet from the cum mixed in Penny's cunt.

Mr. Nathan and Mr. Hammond both knelt between Mr. Green and Penny, facing each other, breaths coming faster. And like they'd rehearsed it, Mr. Hammond turned so Mr. Green's cock could slide between his lips, and Mr. Nathan buried his face in Penny's pussy, licking out the cum of two men. After a few moments they switched, both making sounds of enjoyment as they began to stroke each other's cocks. 

This continued for another few minutes, until all three men were as hard as rocks and Penny's gash was clean, though still wet as she laid back on her elbows, watching the hot show in front of her. All three men stood, staring down at her as she gaped at what she'd just witnessed, never thinking she'd find a man sucking off another man hot, but admitting to herself that it was making her even hornier.

Mr. Nathan moved back towards her head while the other two men moved to stand by either leg. All three began stroking their cocks, sometimes reaching out to stroke her pussy or tits, but mostly just staring and talking about her like she wasn't even there.

"Tight cunt. And a virgin ass, I'd bet," Mr. Nathan said.

"Can you imagine how it'll feel when she's airtight?" Mr. Hammond sighed.

"Fuck, I bet we could run a train on her and she'd beg for more," Mr. Green said excitedly. 

All three men smiled at that and sped up their strokes until one by one they started to cum. Jizz splashed across Penny's face, thighs, and chest, painting her with their release. She gasped as it happened, catching some of Mr. Nathan's cum in her mouth and quickly swallowing it down. 

As the men stepped back, Penny began moving her hands across her body, rubbing their cum into her skin, loving the way it made her feel: almost high and so slutty. She stopped only when Mr. Hammond pushed a wet towel into her hands, once again completely serious.

"Clean up, Ms. Ferguson. We'll see you first thing tomorrow morning. And bring a change of clothes. It's a pleasure to welcome you to the team." 

With that, all three of them picked up their clothing and walked out, leaving Penny alone to clean the cum off her body and redress. She left the office a short time later without seeing any of the men. But she'd be back the next morning, ready to start her new job, one she was pretty sure she was going to love.