 Penny adjusted her blazer, then quietly left the washroom and returned to her desk. She hadn't really gotten any work completed that day, beyond typing up some notes and organizing the digital calendars for the three men. Honestly, there wasn't much for her to do, which she supposed was why they needed her - they worked so hard they really needed some stress relief. She smiled to herself, very happy with how the day had gone. She'd never had a hard time enjoying sex, but those men really knew what they were doing. She'd learned new things about herself too: who knew she could get so into such kink?

"Ms. Ferguson?" she heard over her intercom. "We have dinner plans at 6:00 PM. Be ready."

She heard a click and knew her response wasn't needed. And based on how abrupt the instructions had been, she knew Mr. Hammond wasn't expecting anything other than a yes anyway. She continued typing out some notes, then began reading through some of the files for each client, figuring it wouldn't hurt to understand who may be meeting any of the partners in the future and how she could maybe help. 

"All set?" 

Penny looked up to see Mr. Nathan standing in the doorway wearing his coat. Over two hours had passed without her even realizing it. "All set," she replied, reaching into a drawer to retrieve her purse. She stood as Mr. Nathan opened the closet next to her desk, took her coat and held it up for her to slip her arms into. She was more than a little pleased at his gentlemanly behaviour, particularly considering that between their own encounter earlier and what his partners must have told him, she wouldn't exactly be considered a lady to much of society.

"Thank you, Mr. Nathan," she said, smiling up at him. She knew their first names, of course, but found she liked the formality and the slightly naughty reminder that they were her bosses. 

He put his hand in the small of her back and nudged her out the door to a waiting car. Mr. Hammond was in the driver's seat and Mr. Green was riding shotgun. Mr. Nathan reached out to open one of the back doors, holding her hand as she slid into her seat, closing it softly when she pulled her legs in. The leather was a light tan colour and softer than any she'd felt before. The rest of the interior looked a lot like their offices - dark wood and an old-school, classy feel. And seemingly very expensive as well. 

She clicked her seatbelt into place at the same time as Mr. Nathan, who'd gotten in the other side, and face forward as the car pulled away. Her attention was immediately drawn back to her left, though, as Mr. Nathan reached over and ran one finger up her thigh before grabbing her hand. He intertwined their fingers, then leaned back staring ahead. It seemed like he really just wanted to hold hands, so she squeezed her hand around his once, then looked forward for the remainder of the ride which lasted about 15 minutes. The car pulled up in front of a red-brick building with no name, just a brass plaque over the door that looked like a coat of arms.

"Where are we?" she asked.

"A men's club of which we're all members," Mr. Green replied. "Women aren't usually allowed, but we reserved a private dining room for the evening which is when an exception is made. And this will give us a more... intimate environment for us all to get to know each other better," he said with a smirk, opening his door and stepping out. He moved immediately to open Penny's door, holding out his hand to help her out. 

Penny was a little overwhelmed with the attention, her last boyfriend not even holding the doors for her since she was a "strong, independent woman". And she was. But sometimes it was nice to feel a little dainty. She placed her hand in his which he then tucked into his elbow as they walked up the steps. Mr. Hammond handed his keys to the valet then he and Mr. Nathan followed in behind them. 

They all stopped in the foyer and Mr. Hammond stepped up to pull her coat off her shoulders, which he promptly handed to the elderly man waiting just inside the doors who greet them all by name. All three men handed over their coats and proceeded down the hall, Mr. Hammond's hand resting just above her ass.

They walked through a door into a large room decorated more as a sitting room than a dining room, though a table sat in the centre with four chairs around it, set for supper. Against one wall was a fireplace with a blaze already going. To either side sat comfortable-looking armchairs. On the opposite wall was a couch which matched the chairs, a side table on either end with lamps adorning each. The art on the walls was almost erotic, with each painting showing the same women, each in a different stage of undress. Depending on which way you looked at them, she was either getting dressed or stripping.

"Have a seat, Penny," Mr. Green said, holding out her chair. She stepped away from Mr. Hammond and sat down. Each man quickly took a seat at the table and Mr. Green picked up a bottle of Champagne from the silver bucket where it had been chilling and poured them all a glass. 

"Penny, it's only been a day, but I think we can all agree that we're thrilled you agreed to join us. I can personally attest to the fact that I was more productive today than I have been in months, and that's even with that hour-long break this morning," Mr. Nathan toasted, with a wink in her direction. "We're so happy to have you here and look forward to higher office morale."

Penny blushed, pleased when the other two men heartily agreed. They all clinked glasses, then sat back in their seats. The door opened a second later and two servers walked in, each with two dome-covered plates, and set one in front of each diner. They removed the cloches, and walked out, not having said a word. 

Penny looked down at her plate, a beautiful fillet of salmon atop what looked like mushroom risotto in front of her. She looked back up, seeing all three men staring at her in a way that made her pussy clench. 

"Get that look off your face, Penny," Mr. Nathan laughed. "We're going to eat before ravishing you. Besides, you'll need the fuel."

His words broke the tense feeling in the room, all of them anticipating what they knew would happen later. Each of them picked up their utensils and began eating, holding light conversation throughout the meal, sometimes asking Penny questions, answering hers, or lightly ribbing each other over past misdeeds. It was clear to her that the men had known each other a long time and were more than comfortable together, though clearly dedicated to their jobs, all working together to make their firm a success. 

Penny placed her silverware on her plate indicating she was finished and leaned back in her chair, moving her Champagne glass to her lips. Mr. Green had kept her glass topped up and she thought she must have had about three glasses; she was starting to feel it now. 

The air became heavier as the men realized she'd finished, pushing aside their plates and turning towards her as one. 

"All finished?" Mr. Hammond asked, his voice deeper than usual.

Penny nodded, and he stood and moved to a small intercom on the wall by the door. "We're ready for dessert," he said into it before releasing the button and moving to the small bar in the corner. "Scotch?" he asked the room at large, not waiting for anyone's answer before he poured four, coming around to hand them each a glass as the door once again opened. The same two servers came back into the room, removing the plates and silverware and returning a moment later with a large platter covered in delicate pastries and small desserts which were left in the middle of the table. 

One of the servers stopped at the door on the way out, asking if there was anything else the party would require that evening. "Just privacy," Mr. Green answered, to which the server smiled knowingly, nodding swiftly and departing. Penny took a deep breath, knowing that the evening was about to get a lot more interesting.

Mr. Nathan stood and held out his hand. When she placed her own in his, he pulled her to her feet, his other arm coming around her back to hold her close to him. His head ducked down, his lips trailing light kisses down her neck, causing her to shiver. He pulled back, smiling, then led her to stand in front of the fireplace. 

Mr. Green moved up to her side, reaching out to brush her hair over her shoulder and allowing his hand to trail down her back, not stopping until he had a firm grip on one ass cheek. He squeezed lightly, then moved in behind her placing both hands on her hips and pulling her back so her ass rested in the v of his groin. She moaned, getting louder as Mr. Nathan grasped a tit in either hand before moving them down to undo her jacket.

Mr. Green reached up to her shoulders to pull off the jacket as Mr. Nathan worked on undoing her blouse buttons in record time, slipping her blouse off her shoulders but leaving it tangled around her wrists. Penny took a deep breath, her tits threatening to spill over her bra, her nipples pebbling before their eyes as she felt a gush of wetness from her cunt, not confined by panties and starting to slowly drip down her leg. 

Mr. Green reached to her right hip and slowly undid her skirt zipper, allowing it to puddle around her ankles. She stepped out of it kicking it lightly to the side before gasping as Mr. Green's lips started inching down her back and Mr. Nathan's hands moved back up to her tits, squeezing tightly until they almost hurt. His head moved down, capturing her mouth with his, tongues beginning to wrestle as he twisted her nipples. Mr. Green was now kneeling behind her and she felt his hand reaching up between her legs. She spread them wider, waiting for him to touch her where she needed it most. 

Penny moaned as she felt a single digit sweep between her lips, spreading the proof of her desire before entering her pussy. Overwhelmed, her knees became weak, Mr. Nathan wrapping his arms around her to hold her up, still pressing his mouth to hers, hungry for her kiss. 

"Perhaps we should move this to a horizontal surface," Mr. Hammond said. "Then we can all enjoy her without worrying she'll fall over with her first orgasm."

Mr. Green stood, his finger still swirling in Penny's tight channel, and Mr. Nathan lifted his head, laughing, "yeah, I guess it wouldn't hurt," before picking her up and moving towards the table. She whimpered as she lost Mr. Green's finger. Mr. Nathan placed her face-up on the table, ripping off the remains of her blouse and then her bra. Mr. Hammond barely moved the plate of desserts in time, though made no move to put it down. 

Instead he held the platter out to the other men, raising one eyebrow. The other two men grinned and each grabbed a few, turning back towards Penny with expressions that made her thighs clench. Mr. Green placed two circular desserts over her nipples before tilting a small bowl and drizzling melted chocolate over her mound, up over her stomach, around her breasts and ending at her neck. 

In the meantime, Mr. Nathan had taken three small éclairs and was methodically stuffing them up her cunt. She flexed her internal muscles, crushing them, feeling the cold cream spill into her. She moaned as Mr. Green and Mr. Hammond both began nibbling on the pastries covering her chest then each taking a nipple in the mouth and sucking hard. Mr. Nathaniel started licking the chocolate off her body, beginning on her mound just above her clit and twirling his tongue across her skin. His mouth soon moved down her cunt, taking small bites of an éclair as Penny's muscles pulsed, pushing it out.

Mr. Nathan stood a moment later licking his way up her stomach, tongue dipping into her navel. Mr. Green quickly moved between her thighs, laving her pussy, swirling his tongue around the second éclair protruding from her cunt, eating it up before sucking her clit into his mouth. Penny arched her back, pleasure swirling through her core, so close to cumming it almost hurt. "No!" she gasped as Mr. Green pulled away, replaced quickly by Mr. Hammond.

Mr. Hammond lightly bit the last éclair, carefully not touching Penny's sensitive skin. "Please, please make me cum," she almost shouted. "I'm so close." The other men continued to clean her skin of the remaining chocolate as Mr. Hammond chuckled, his hands reaching around her thighs, slowly moving towards her wet heat. "You'll need to be a bit more specific Penny," Mr. Hammond said. "I need to know exactly what you need from us."

His hands stopped just short of her cunt, then stilled as he glanced up with one eyebrow raised. "I'm waiting," he said. "What do you want?"

Penny groaned, desperate for his touch, for his cock, but mostly just to cum. "Please make me cum," she begged. "Please suck my clit in your mouth, jam your fingers in my cunt, fuck me with them, fuck me with your hard cock, make me do whatever you want, just please let me cum!" She finished her sentence on a hard, indrawn breath, almost immediately letting out a wail as Mr. Hammond's lips clamped around her clit and his fingers thrust into her pussy hard. He pumped them in and out quickly while sucking hard. Moments later she shuddered hard and groaned as she came, cunt spasming hard around Mr. Hammond's fingers.

As she began to come down, Mr. Green turned her head to face him and thrust his cock towards her mouth. She immediately opened her lips, sucking him in hard, moaning at his masculine taste. His hands reached out and held the back of her head as he began to move faster, fucking her face. Penny swirled her tongue around him then jumped slightly as Mr. Hammond's dick speared her hard. Her left hand was picked up and wrapped around Mr. Nathan's hard cock as he used her to jerk himself off. Everyone's breath was heavy, Penny's especially as her throat was continuously invaded by Mr. Green's cock, his thrusts becoming quicker as he got closer to cumming. 

A moment later he let out a yell as his jizz gushed into Penny's mouth for a moment before he pulled out and shot the remainder of his load on her face, using his dick to swirl the cum around until her entire visage held a faint shine. Watching this, Mr. Hammond pounded her harder, soon also depositing his spunk inside her tight cunt. He pulled out, watching as a few drops of cum dripped out. They were pushed back inside a moment later, though, as Mr. Nathan shoved his cock up inside her, pumping quickly, already close to cumming after the magic of her hand. 

Penny reached down, playing with her clit. She'd been worked back up to a fever pitch and was aching to reach another completion. Mr. Hammond had moved towards her head, leaning down to kiss her, his mouth occasionally straying to her cheeks and chin, licking Mr. Green's cum from her skin before returning to wrestle their tongues together. Mr. Green was standing behind Mr. Nathan, running his hands over Mr. Nathan's body, hips grinding against his ass in time to Mr. Nathan's thrusts into Penny. 

She felt it coming again and rubbed her clit harder as Mr. Nathan began to moan, both crashing at the same time. "Fuck, baby. Yes," he shouted as his cum jetted into her. "Your cunt's so hot. So slippery, full of two men's cum. I'm going to pull out and I bet it's just going to be spilling out of you, won't it?" he asked, coming to a stop and slowing withdrawing. Mr. Green stepped back to let him move from between Penny's legs, both of them watching her cunt hole begin to close after being stretched by two large cocks. She could feel cum slowly sliding from her body, loving how slutty she was being. 

Mr. Hammond grabbed her hair, pulling her to a sitting position. "A delicious end to a great meal," he said. "But I don't think we're done yet, are we?" He moved her to a standing position then turned her to bend over the table, ass presented to them all. "Don't move," he commanded, then turned to the dessert tray and grabbed a bowl of whipped cream. "We're going to claim that tight ass." He licked her rosette, then scooped up a finger full of cream, applying it to her hole, slowly pushing it inside. 

Penny winced, but relaxed as she got used to the foreign feeling. A moment later more cool cream was inserted inside her, this time with two fingers. Again, it took her a moment to adjust, but soon began to feel come pleasure at the intrusion. She looked to the side to see Mr. Nathan on his knees, Mr. Green's cock in his mouth, hollowing his cheeks as he pulled back then thrusting forward again. Penny gasped, thrilled by this illicit act but was soon distracted as Mr. Hammond pulled out what was now three fingers, replacing them with his dick. 

"I'm gonna fuck your ass, Penny," he said as he began to enter her. "I'm going to stretch it out and make you scream." With that he pushed all the way in, then stilled so she could get used to him in her forbidden hole. A few moments later she pushed back against him, wanting to know what came next. He said something under his breath then grabbed her hips and withdrew almost completely before slamming back into her. He repeated this, sometimes slow and sometimes fast, until she began to tense. She hadn't known it was possible, but she knew she was about to cum from an ass-fucking. She screamed a moment later, channels pulsing and milking his dick until he exploded inside her, halting his movements when he finished, leaning over her back and kissing her neck. He pulled all the way out then made his way towards the connecting washroom.

Mr. Nathan stood, Mr. Green's cock slipping from his mouth, and positioned himself behind Penny, barely pausing before grabbing his dick by the base and entering Penny's ass. It still stung, but not as bad this time and she acclimated quicker, her tunnel lubed now by more than just whipped cream. Mr. Nathan fucked her hard, wrapping one arm around her waist to pull at her clit. He then thrust two fingers up her cunt, playing with the cum already inside. He scooped up some cum then reached up to her mouth, allowing her to suck the cum from his fingers before returning for more, all the while humping against her ass, getting closer to cumming. A second later Penny shattered as his fingers rolled around her pussy, causing him to dump a second load into her ass. 

Mr. Nathan pulled out, a trail of cum following him before falling over her. Mr. Green smiled as he took his place behind her. Penny turned to look at him, a bit worried as he was the largest of them. But he gave her a reassuring nod then lined up his cock and shoved it inside her. She realized did needn't have worried - the two cocks before him had really stretched her out. She leaned over the table until her whole front was flat against it, rolling her hips as Mr. Green thrust in and out. She jolted up, though, as her clit was sucked into a mouth, looking down to see Mr. Hammond on his knees underneath her, sucking her and playing his fingers through her pussy. She hadn't thought it possible, but she realized she was close again to cumming. 

For the umpteenth time that night, Penny screamed then moaned as she came. Her orgasm caused her muscles to spasm, milking Mr. Green for him cum which he soon surrendered. He pulled out a moment later and Mr. Hammond stood. The three of them stood behind her, watching as her hole gaped open and cum dripped both from her ass and pussy, slowing leaking down her legs. 

Penny tried to stand but collapsed back on the table, exhausted, but incredibly satisfied. 

The three men helped her stand and brought her to the washroom. Mr. Nathan stepped into the shower with her, helping her wash away the jizz, holding her close and supporting her. "You're perfect, you know that? You let us use you and join in with enthusiasm. You're so dirty, but so innocent at the same time. We're so lucky to have you as our slut," he whispered in her ear. She didn't reply but turned in his arms and kissed him. It was a sweet kiss and conveyed both her thanks for such an amazing experience and her clear willingness to get closer. 
