 Penny finished off her drink and set it down on the table. She eased herself off the stool, mindful that her short skirt didn't rise too high on her slender legs. Picking up her empty glass, Penny turned to make her way through the other partygoers towards the wet bar. Along the way, the pretty blonde girl scanned the room for her friend, Jenna, who had brought her here in the first place. 

In her three years of college, Penny had attended many such events. The house party was typical: loud music, alcohol, and plenty of attractive people, none of whom Penny knew. These were Jenna's friends. Now that she had disappeared, Penny was understandably miffed, but undaunted nonetheless. Jenna had promised her a good time, and Penny fully intended to have one, with or without her friend. 

"Oh, excuse me!" Penny exclaimed, bumping into Drew's broad chest. 

"Hey, I never complain when a beautiful girl walks into my arms!" He responded easily.

His confident smile disarmed her. Penny giggled at the compliment. "I'm Drew, by the way," he told her, extending a large hand. 

"Penny," she replied, taking his hand in her own. Brushing her long blonde hair back behind her ear, Penny stared up at his strong features and impressive build, and felt immediately attracted to this man. He was so much taller than she; Penny was glad she wore her heels. Rather, Penny was glad she had worn the sexiest outfit she owned: a short, tight black skirt which nearly exposed her delectable ass, a low cut, off-the-shoulder blouse to prominently display her breasts, and black strappy high heels to accentuate her gorgeous legs.

"Oh, were you going for another drink?" he asked. Penny nodded. "I'll get you one," he offered, reaching for her glass. Drew took the opportunity to steal a look down the front of her almost scandalous blouse. Penny had impressively large breasts, and her top prevented the use of a bra. 

"Oh, thank you so much!" Penny replied, handing him her empty glass and pretending not to notice his obvious attempt to check out her fantastic tits. Drew returned thirty seconds later with a cup full of the alcohol-spiked fruit punch she had been drinking earlier. "You're so sweet!" she thanked him, touching his arm almost innocently. Penny started work on her second glass of the evening.

"Say, have you seen Jenna?" Penny asked him.

"Oh, yeah, I saw her leaving about a half hour ago," Drew replied. "Why, did you come here with her?" Drew queried, feigning interest. 

"Yeah," Penny responded easily. "Oh, well, don't worry about it."

"Well, just because you arrived with her doesn't mean you have to leave with her," Drew replied, sly grin and all.

Penny laughed lightly. "Oh, and I suppose you'd rather have me leave with you?" she asked coquettishly.

"Well it wouldn't be far at least; I live next door," Drew responded, smiling. He'd made his play, now he'd see if she took the bait.

"My, aren't you forward?" she inquired playfully. "We've just met and already you're angling to get me alone and defenseless!" Penny shot him an innocent look and ran her down her skirt, pretending to smooth it subconsciously. In reality, of course, it was a calculated move.

"Please, I know better than to think tired old lines would work on a girl as beautiful as you!" he lied. 

Penny's lilting laugh let loose as she tossed her long hair back over her shoulder. 

He chatted her up for another twenty minutes, complimenting her often, and working his way into her good graces. Penny responded eagerly, flirting with him openly. She teased him mercilessly, playing with her hair, straightening her short skirt, or touching his arm or chest. 

When Drew felt she was sufficiently at ease with him, he made his move. "Hey, I gotta run next door and get some CDs, would you care to walk over with me?" Drew asked innocuously.

Penny pretended to mull the offer over for a minute, and then readily agreed. "Well, all right. Just don't try to take advantage of me all alone in your big house!" she replied with feigned innocence.

Drew took her by the hand as they made their way through the crowd and out the front door. Several men stared after her, their eyes fixed on the delicious angles of her legs as set off by her strappy black heels or the smooth curve of her firm ass, barely covered by her flimsy black miniskirt. 

The cool night air caused Penny's nipples to harden under her tight blouse, a detail which did not escape Drew's notice as they chatted. Her high heels clicked on the walkway as they made their way next door to Drew's home.

"Here, I'll give you the dime tour," he offered, taking her by the hand and leading her into the den. The main room was sparsely furnished, populated only by an entertainment center, a sofa, a few chairs, and a large wooden desk.

The dime tour wasn't worth a nickel, it turned out. No sooner had they walked in the door when Drew spun around and pinned Penny up against a wall. One hand went immediately to her waist, just above her miniskirt, and the other cupped her face in his hand. He kissed her.

Penny's hands pushed against the wall for support. While surprised at Drew's daring advance, she certainly did not protest. Penny appreciated a forceful man—one who saw what he wanted, and took it. Right now, Drew wanted Penny. He seized her wrists and pushed them above her head, causing her substantial breasts to jut out against her tight, too-small blouse. He used one hand now to hold her wrists; the other took hold of her shiny blond hair. Penny cooed into his mouth.

He released the pressure of his mouth on hers, and kissed his way from her cheek to her neck, nibbling and sucking on it. "Oh, Drew, you naughty boy…," she started. Penny's pussy dampened considerably under her skirt—he wasn't the only naughty one, apparently.

Drew's teeth released their hold on her neck momentarily. "Baby, you are so fucking hot. I just want to give you what you want," he whispered, and then sucked her earlobe into his mouth. Penny purred and pressed her body into his.

"Oh, my," she mewled. "You didn't come over here for CDs, did you?" Penny felt wonderfully mischievous, and relished in the response her teasing had elicited. 

"God, you look sexy," he whispered again in her ear before tugging on her hair to expose her neck to his mouth. His body pinned hers to the wall. Drew's rigid cock, still incased in his pants, pressed into Penny's tight stomach.

"Yes…" she hissed. Penny exhaled lustily, aroused by the handsome man pressing his body against hers. She spread her legs involuntarily.

Drew's kisses moved down her neck, to the tops of her tits exposed by the revealing blouse she wore. Penny gasped when his tongue made contact with her cleavage. 

Drew's hand dropped from her hair to her shirt. The tight blouse she wore was quickly pulled underneath her braless tits, pushing them up and exposing her nipples to Drew's waiting mouth. Drew's hand squeezed her tit while his mouth clamped down on her hard peak.

"Oh, oh, yes!" Penny screamed in simultaneous pleasure and pain. Drew alternated between her tits, licking, sucking and biting each of them. Penny's tongue traversed her lips. She watched him ravish her bare breasts, something that never failed to turn her on. Drew's eyes locked with hers, and Penny returned his smoldering gaze. "Oh, yeah…" Penny cooed, now sliding her ass against the wall. Her pussy flooded and ached for attention. 

Large and firm, Penny's nipples jutted out from her chest. She writhed against the wall, still pinned there by Drew's powerful hand holding her wrists. He stood up and used his free hand to hold her hair back, and kissed her again. She responded enthusiastically, returning his deep kiss. His tongue explored her mouth. Penny released a lusty moan into his. 

Drew broke their kiss. "You've got such a hot little body, Penny," he breathed in her ear. He knew he had her under control now; he released her wrists. He really had found a slut—she obviously wanted this as much as he did. His hand, now free, kneaded her breasts. "God I love your big juicy tits…" he whispered again.

Penny's hands were momentarily idle as she enjoyed Drew's attention. His hands, though, were not. While one tightly gripped her hair, his other hand reached down and massaged her tight ass through the thing fabric of her miniskirt. "Oh, I think I'm getting close to what I'm after…" he growled in her ear. His hand slid up under her tiny skirt and felt her sopping wet panties. 

"Oh, please, what are you going to do to me!" she teased with feigned innocence, at the same time spreading her legs for him. Drew's hand brushed her lacy thong aside as his finger slipped effortlessly into Penny's wet cunt. Penny cried out at the extremely welcome invasion.

"Your pussy is so wet, little girl," Drew hissed in her ear. "I'm gonna slam my big hard cock right up there. I'm gonna fuck you so good…" He inserted another finger. Penny moaned and spread her legs further, leaning back against the wall. She bit her lip and smiled, enjoying their game. "That's right, spread your legs for me, baby. Your pussy is so hot and wet." Panting and whimpering, her gaze locked with his. She had a pleading look in her eyes, begging him, imploring him, and challenging him. Short of breath and lusting for attention, she ran her fingers through his short dark hair with one hand and reached for the thick cock straining inside his pants with the other. Penny purred when she felt it, delighted at his impressive size. 

Drew tugged on her hair. He sucked on her neck as his fingers fucked her wet slit. "Uh, fuck!" Penny cried out lustily. She pumped her pelvis against his hand as best she could in her awkward position. 

"That's a good girl," Drew told her, "that's a good girl." 

"Oh, please, please…" Penny gasped between breaths. 

"Come on, tell me you want it," he told her. Still pounding his fingers into her sopping pussy, Drew leaned over and sucked an erect nipple into his mouth. Penny whimpered and pushed his head into her chest, begging him to suck harder on her delicious tits. 

Extremely aroused, Penny gave in easily, allowing herself to be controlled by this powerful man. "Oh, yes, yes," she admitted freely, "yes I want it so bad!"

"There you go you little slut, tell me what you want!" Drew demanded, standing back up and biting her neck. Penny felt her pussy spasm at the word, "slut." She certainly felt like one, back up against a wall, pert breasts exposed, legs spread, skirt bunched around her waist, while she begged a man she met less than an hour ago to fuck her extremely wet pussy.

Penny pawed at his hard cock, still trapped in his pants. "Oh please, please, give it to me!" she implored.

"Oh yeah, say it you little slut! Say it!" Drew commanded again, steely eyes locked with hers. 

She found his zipper and pulled it down, freeing Drew's nine-inch rod. Penny wrapped her hand around the think shaft. "Oh, I want your hard cock! Please, give it to me!" she begged, feeling it throb in her hand. Penny eyed Drew's dick with intense anticipation, collecting a drop of his slick precum from the tip and spreading it over his shaft. 

Drew stood up quickly and pushed her down to her knees. "Suck my cock, bitch!" he commanded. Penny needed no persuasion. Feelings of lust overwhelmed her, and, truth be told, she loved sucking cock. Her boyfriends frequently told her it was her finest skill. Her lips parted, and her warm wet mouth enveloped Drew's dick. 

Penny hummed around Drew's hard cock as it slid in and out of her mouth, impacting the back of her throat. Drew grabbed her hair with both hands and rocked his pelvis back and forth, slowly but steadily fucking her mouth. "That's right, suck it, suck my cock, whore," he hissed at her. Penny brought her fist up to stroke his meat while she delivered an expert blowjob. Her groans were matched by the slurping sound as she lavished her tongue over his shaft.

"Oh that feels so good baby!" Drew complimented the little blonde cocksucker on her knees before him. "Your mouth feels so good you nasty slut!" Penny moaned approvingly at his flattering remark. Her other hand reached down to frig her clit as she sucked Drew's cock. Her eyes locked with his: obedient, submissive, and desperately seeking his approval. He indicated his endorsement, removing his cock from her mouth and slapping her face with it. "You are such a hot little bitch!" he told her, smearing precum over Penny's lips.

Down on her knees in front of a complete stranger, Penny whined and darted her head and tongue this way and that, desperately trying to maneuver Drew's cock back in her mouth. Occasionally her tongue would score a drop of his salty precum, which she hoarded greedily. Penny's skirt was bunched around her waist, her panties pulled to one side, her slippery slit occupied by her deft digits dancing across her engorged clitoris. 

Gripping her by her golden blond tresses, Drew pushed his cock into Penny's mouth again. The horny little slut was ready for him this time, and she tilted her head back to open her throat, allowing him the deepest access possible. Drew's throbbing shaft disappeared all the way down her throat. He held it there, and Penny coughed as he withdrew. Drew pushed it back in, bearing down on her and fucking her hot mouth. Penny's eyes rolled back in her head as she was consumed with lust. Her fingers moved with lightening speed across her hard nub, and it was too much. Penny convulsed and came as Drew's cock penetrated her throat, muffling her screams.

Drew held his shaft in her mouth while she recovered. Soon Penny relaxed, and Drew slowly fucked her face. One hand continued a gentle glide across her clitoris, while the other stroked the cock as it slid past her lips. 

"Did that feel good, baby?" Drew asked her, cock working its way in and out of her mouth, still.

Penny indicated an affirmative response as best she could with a combination of moans and short head movements. 

"Your mouth feels really good, Penny, but I bet you can't wait to get my big hard cock buried in your cunt, can you, you little slut?" he asked with a lecherous grin.

Penny was completely in his power. She only moaned in response. Drew removed his cock from her mouth, eliciting a whimper from the lusty little girl. Drew lifted her to her high-heeled feet and pulled her briskly by the arm to the nearby desk. "Bend over, bitch!" he ordered her. Penny complied immediately, stretching herself out across the oaken desk. She looked back over her shoulder and bit her lip in anticipation. "Spread your legs for me! Come on, be a good little whore!" he commanded her. Her high heels immediately increased their separation, opening her pussy for him. Penny whined and shook her ass at him. 

"Please…please…" she begged.

Drew flipped her tiny skirt up over her waist. He didn't need too, really. The slut had worn a skirt so short it barely covered her ass. Did she really not expect a guy to find his way up under there tonight? Drew spanked the fleshly globes of her ass with quick, hard strokes. Penny whimpered and pushed back against him.

"Oh, please…my pussy…please…my pussy…" she pleaded incoherently.

"Ha, ha," Drew laughed, "Don't worry you little slut. You'll get your pussy well fucked tonight…and more." Drew unbuttoned his jeans and they dropped to the floor. He stepped out of them and gripped his hard cock. He slapped it against her ass a few times, teasing her. She whined and squirmed in desperation. He slid her soaked thong panties around to one side of her ass and ran his finger along her slippery slit, teasing her further.

"Come on…please…" Penny begged again, consumed with lust and longing. She desperately needed him to fuck her, to fill up her tight cunt and pound into her.

Drew gripped her hair with one hand and his cock with the other. He leaned over her body and tugged at her hair, arching her back. "Here it comes you fucking whore," he hissed in her ear.

"Oh yes! Fuck my pussy!" she demanded. Drew complied, finally, guiding his rigid cock to her gaping wet opening and then pushing it to the hilt with one powerful stroke. Drew's cock met no resistance in Penny's sopping wet pussy. "Uh, yeah, come on! Fuck me, you bastard, come on!" Penny begged. Her cunt was on fire. 

Drew applied himself eagerly to the task. He tugged on her blond hair with one hand, and used the other to alternately spank or knead her ass cheeks. "Oh, fuck, your pussy feels so fucking good!" he complimented her. Drew slammed his cock into her pussy repeatedly, and she reveled in the wet squishing noise he made on impact. 

Penny stepped to each side again with her strappy heels, opening her pussy wider still for him. Drew bore down, slamming her against the table. Penny gripped the table for dear life and pushed back as much as she could against Drew's repeated thrusting, her moans and squeals coming in time with his dick. "Oh yes, oh yes, yes, yes, yes!" she breathed over and over again. Her tits bounced against the table. Drew's cock pounded into her pussy relentlessly.

A torrent of obscenities poured from her mouth. "Uh, yes, fuck me, come on fuck me, fuck my sluttly little pussy, come on you bastard fuck me!" she screamed over and over again.

Drew modified his grip on her. He released her hair and her ass, and reached for her arms instead. Drew pulled them behind her, arching her back and pressing her into the table. Penny was effectively immobilized, and completely at his mercy. Drew jackhammered his new slut's pussy repeatedly.

"Oh, fuck yeah you've got a tight wet pussy little girl!" Drew told her, relishing the feel of her tight wet cunt around his cock. He slammed her pussy once, pulled out slowly, then thrust forward, rocking her against he desk. Penny's wailing moans filled the room, indicating her approval. 

"Uh, yeah, come on, fuck it, fuck my pussy!" Penny begged. Drew picked up speed again, pounding her as hard and fast as he could. 

Just then, the door opened, and three men walked in. "Holy shit, Drew, that's one hot slut you bagged!" one of them exclaimed. "We could hear her screaming all the way outside!"

Drew just laughed. "Oh fuck yeah, this bitch is a screamer!" he bragged to his friends. "She really loves cock, huh slut?" Drew asked.

Penny panicked. Who were these guys, and what were they doing here? What had she gotten herself into? "No, no…" she whimpered and tried to get away. It was no use. Bent over the desk with her arms stretched behind her back, she had no leverage. Drew never missed a beat. He simply pounded her pussy like the new arrivals weren't there.

"Fuck, man, I love it when bitches dress all slutty like that! A fucking thong, heels, a skirt that wouldn't cover her ass…holy shit she knew what she was getting tonight!" offered one of Drew's friends. "Can we get a turn?"

"Yeah, sure," Drew offered generously between thrusts. "I'm about done with her, anyway."

Penny's mind reeled. What the fuck was going on? She had let herself get carried away with Drew, but was she now going to get fucked by all his friends, too? "No, no!" she cried. "Let me go, no!" 

"Shut up, bitch!" Drew commanded, tugging back on her arms. The sudden pain made her gasp. "Shut this whore up," he ordered.

Drew's friends were eager to help, surrounding the desk quickly. They elbowed their way for position at the other end of the desk. Penny stared on in fear as they dropped their pants, producing three healthy sized dicks, already rock hard at attention. They bobbed menacingly in front of her face. The one in the center grabbed her hair and yanked back, pulling her face up. Penny shook her head "no" as best she could. The man paid no heed. 

"Come on bitch, open up, suck my cock!" he ordered her, thumping her forehead with his rigid member. He traced the tip of his dick across her mouth, leaving sticky drops of precum in its wake. Again she shook her head "no," and again he ignored her. 
