 I will preface this story with the usual disclaimer: This is a work of fiction and any resemblance to a person or organisation is not intended. 

There will be people who are offended by some references in this story; that's their prerogative. There will be some who will say that I know nothing of church, and that too is their prerogative. 

This story is not a criticism of the church as a whole, but of a singular, imaginary, church and about the values that are preached in many churches and ignored by a few such as this one, those of love and forgiveness.

*

I have been going to this church for the last three years, since I was fifteen, and I like it here. My mother and I came to this church from another because she felt that the reputation and large congregation would suit her better. At first I missed my old church but was soon involved with the Youth Group who were a great bunch of kids.

My father never went to church and called those of us that did 'God botherers'. He said that they were only in it for the money and had no real interest in religion. This caused tension in their marriage and he eventually gave up trying to convince us. 

Eighteen months ago Mother announced that she was leaving that church and going to a new one. I told her that I wanted to stay where I was because I had friends there. She tried to persuade me to move on with her but eventually allowed me to stay.

When I left school I enrolled in a secretarial college because I liked the idea of working in an office. To help my career I asked if I could help out in the church office and Pastor Mary Jennings, the wife of the Senior Pastor Andrew Jennings, said that they would welcome someone like me who was willing to volunteer to help out.

At first all that I did was to type up letters on the word processor and file things, but after six months I could just about run the whole office on my own and Pastor Mary came in less often.

On Sundays I would make sure that all the little things were in readiness for the meeting so that the others could concentrate on the main things like the words to the music cued for the big screens scattered around the two thousand seat auditorium, the collection baskets ready and the money bags in readiness in the Senior Pastors office so that the money could be counted and locked away ready to be taken to the bank in the morning.

Pastor Andrew stopped in on his way to the stage and told me that I was doing a great job and thanking me for my efforts. It made me feel like I was an important person in this church. I was very happy with my life.

The meeting began with the usual choruses. We were very proud of our music team and their professionalism. The driving beat and the singers belting out the upbeat music had all of us young people on our feet, jumping around and clapping to the beat. If anyone came in and saw us they would truly believe that we were being carried up in the euphoria of the moment.

Pastor Andrew was exhorting all of us to follow the true paths of righteousness and prepare ourselves for the 'End Times' that were surely upon us, after all the signs were all there, the wars and disease that was raging across the world, and the earthquakes and floods and famines that always seemed to dominate the news, these were all signs mentioned in the Bible. While he didn't know when it was going to happen he confidently predicted that it would be 'soon'.

While this was going on Matthew, Pastor Andrew's son leaned close to me, "A group of us are going to Justin's family's holiday house at the beach for a barbecue after church, I want you to come. Please say that you will."

"I'll have to rung Mum and let her know, I'm sure that it will be okay."

"Great! We look forward to it." For the rest of the meeting he was beside me. It was as if he was telling everyone that I was his girl and I felt really good about it because he was handsome, the handsomest guy there, and ever so popular.

I rang Mum, "Hi, it's me, a group of us are going to the beach this afternoon, please say that I can go."

"Who's going, how many will there be there and you don't have your swimming costume."

"I'll drive home and get Matthew to meet me there, I can pick up my swim suit and change into something more casual."

"All right Honey, have fun and don't get home too late."

"Thanks Mum, I won't."

Matthew came over. "Is it all right?"

"Yes. I've got to go home and get changed into my swim suit. Could you follow me and pick me up, we'll go down together."

"Sure thing, I'll see you in a little while."

I hurried home and quickly got out of my church clothes and slipped into my bikini. It wasn't very revealing, not like the ones that you see the models wearing in those swimwear parades, they may just as well be wearing nothing at all. I slipped into a pair of shorts and a crop top, grabbed a cap, my sunnies and a beach towel and was walking out the door just when Matthew pulled up out front in his BMW.

"Nice car." I said as I slid into the seat and fastened my seat belt. I caught Matthew looking at my breasts that, because of the seat belt stuck out more than normal. He quickly looked away and put the car into gear.

"It's not bad. When the lease runs out on Dad's car he gets a new one and he can buy the old one from the lease company real cheap. I can't wait for his current car to reach its use by date."

There were two other cars at the house when we got there. "Glad you made it," Justin said as we walked inside. "The barbecue's run out of gas and we're just going to get another cylinder. Make yourselves at home, we shouldn't be too long."

"No rush." Matthew told them as they left. "Would you like something to drink? I'll see what there is." He opened the refrigerator and took out a bottle of orange juice. "It looks like it's orange juice or nothing."

"I guess orange juice will be fine, thank you." He poured me a glass and handed it to me. "This tastes different." I said as I took my first sip.

Matthew looked at the label. "It doesn't have any added sugar, that must be it. Would you like to go for a swim?" I slipped out of my shorts and top and we headed across the sand to the water. Matthew grabbed my hand as we walked.

The water was cold when we got in but we soon got used to it and had waded out until it was above our waists. Matthew dived under a wave and when he came up he was treading water. I ducked under the next wave and came up beside him. "You look really nice, do you know that?"

"Not really, I wish that I could do something about my nose, it's too big."

"Rubbish! It's perfect the way it is." He ran his finger down my nose and over my lips and chin. It brushed over my breast and his hand wrapped around my body just below my breasts. He pulled me towards him and wrapped both arms around me hugging me to him. I wanted to protest that we shouldn't be doing this but I was enjoying the contact.

His nose was nuzzling my neck. "You even smell good, I like your perfume."

"It won't last long in the water."

Matthew seemed as if he didn't want to let me go. As he was a little taller than I was his feet were touching the sandy bottom so he was holding me up. One of his hands moved up and his fingers touched my nipple. "Don't. You shouldn't be doing that." He left his hand where it was but stopped running his fingers over my nipple. That didn't reduce the sensation that I was feeling under his touch. He lowered his head and kissed my neck, it felt so good that I turned my head a little so that he could kiss my lips. I turned in his embrace and he kissed me hard on the lips.

Because my feet weren't touching the bottom he had to pull me close to stop me sinking and believe me, the way I was feeling right now I would have disappeared beneath the waves and not noticed. As he held me, and kissed me hungrily I could feel his hard cock pressing against me. This shouldn't be happening but it was. His hands were squeezing my bottom, kneading the cheeks and my resistance was fading. "Please Matthew, please stop. We shouldn't be doing this, what would your father say if he knew what we're doing?"

"Stacey, Honey, I really like you, a lot. I see you in church and in the office and I think to myself now Stacey is a really nice girl and I want to get close to her but I'll never do anything to hurt her. I've tried really hard to resist what I'm feeling right now but all I want to do is to hold you and kiss you and feel your boobs. Stacey I get all horny just seeing you and I know my father wouldn't approve if I was to do more than feel you and to look at you, but please let me look at them."

I didn't know what to think, everything I'd been told by my mother, everything that we'd been taught in Sex Ed. at school told me that I shouldn't do this but I just knew that he wouldn't go any further and what's the harm in letting him see them. I pulled up my bikini top and freed them for him.

Matthew pulled my legs up and wrapped them around his body so that I could partly support myself and I put my arms around his neck so that I could lean back and let him look at me. "Wow, they're really nice." His hands were free and they moved between us and he began to touch me, to circle my nipples with a finger, teasing them and causing them to puff up and all the time this tingly feeling was coursing through my body. If he put me down my legs would collapse. He bent his head and his mouth sucked on a nipple, his tongue taking over from his finger in running circles around it. I had to stop him, everything told me to stop him except the feeling in my body, it was telling me that I shouldn't be such a prissy little Christian. My brain yelled at me telling me to ignore my body.

"Come. Let's go back to the house." Matthew tucked my breasts back into my top and started to walk back to the beach with me still clinging to him, his hard cock rubbing between my legs making it harder for me to say 'no' if and when the time came. Once on the sand he put me down and we walked arm in arm to the house. He didn't seem to care that his cock was pushing against the fabric of his board shorts, not that there was anyone else on that lonely stretch of beach to see.

Once inside he handed me my towel and I rubbed the sand and water from my body. "Why don't you take your bikini off, we won't be going back in before the others get back and they'll be a little while yet. You'll be more comfortable in dry clothes."

I went into the bathroom and stripped off my bikini and slipped into my shorts and crop top. I didn't think there would be a problem in not having panties under my shorts. As I walked back into the living area Matthew was staring at me. "You look really great in that outfit." He took me in his arms held me tightly and kissed me. I could feel my nipples harden and when he pulled away I looked down to see them standing out against the thin stretchy crop top.

He went into the bathroom and came back out a few minutes later with just his shorts on. His bare chest had a thin bush of fine hair on it and his stomach looked taut and toned. He was so handsome. He sat on the large sofa and patted the seat beside him. I sat next to him wondering what was about to happen, knowing what was about to happen and part of me said 'get up and sit somewhere else' while another part told me to ignore the first part.

Matthew's arm draped over my shoulder. "There's just the two of us here, I want to get to really know you." He kissed me and his other hand cupped my breast and his thumb and forefinger tweaked my nipple.

I muttered something that sounded vaguely like 'don't' but it was indistinct because of his mouth covering mine. My nipple was hard and his caress was making me wet. Then his hand slipped under my top and I could feel his skin on mine and it was the most incredible sensation. I hugged him to me knowing that what we were doing was wrong but I didn't care. I knew that he cared for me and wouldn't do anything to hurt me, I just knew it.

He lifted my top just as he had done in the water, and his mouth engulfed my nipple just as it had done. He took my hand in his and placed it on his hard cock. He made it jerk under my touch and it seemed to get bigger and harder as I held it. Was it possible that I had such an effect on him? I squeezed it and he moved his hips so that it moved back and forth in my hand. "That feels so good." He reached down and unzipped his fly and his cock sprang out of the opening. I could feel the hot flesh in my hand and he put his hand over mine and squeezed it. 

I didn't know what I was feeling at this time, I was on cloud nine, I was feeling everything and nothing, it was a blur and it was focused. My mind was a blur but my senses were focused on the cock in my hand, I knew I shouldn't want it but I wanted it desperately. It was as if all of my girly fantasies were combined at this one point in time. I knew I was going to give myself to him. It was as if he sensed my capitulation because his hand found its way under the hem of my shorts and his finger found the opening of my wet, virginal, pussy. He pushed it in as far as the first joint and moved it around inside me and I pushed down on his hand, forcing it further in.

I caressed his cock and he caressed my pussy and I lost all sense of time and space. I can remember him pulling my top off and then my shorts and for the first time in my life I was naked in front of a man. He stood up and dropped his shorts, and he looked so hot standing there with his cock stiff in front of my face. Pushing me back down onto the sofa he stretched out beside me and his hand went once more to my pussy. I felt for his rock hard cock and stroked it.

"Stacey darling, will you let me make love to you?" 

"I've never done this before, I don't know."

"Please darling, I love you and I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't care for you."

"Do you really love me?" This was all so quick, I couldn't believe it.

"Of course I do." He rolled me onto my back and knelt between my legs, his finger still inside me only it was moving faster and faster until my whole body was engulfed in the most intense feeling and I could feel my juices flooding from me. He lowered himself onto me and, lifting me knees up, he pushed his cock into me.

It was stopped by my barrier. "Ow! That hurts! Please, no more." I sobbed.

"Don't worry, it hurts at first, but as soon as I push through your hymen it won't hurt anymore." He pushed harder and I sobbed until I felt it burst through. After that it hurt a little bit for a while until the pleasure sensation took over and I began to enjoy the feeling as his cock slid in and out of me. He kissed me often over the next however long it took and told me over and over that he loved me. I was feeling lucky because the hottest guy in church was telling me he loved me. I didn't care that we were doing something that we had stood up in church and promised that we wouldn't. I felt him tense and a flood of his semen shot from his cock deep inside me. "That was the best, we are made for each other." This time his kiss lasted for a long time and he pushed his tongue into my mouth.

Eventually he got up off the sofa and grabbed a towel and wiped the sticky mess from my pussy. Before wiping his cock clean. "Come with me Stacey, we'll be more comfortable on a bed." He helped me to my feet and led me into a bedroom. We climbed into the bed and pulled the sheet over us. There was enough light coming through the sheet for me to see him and his limp cock.

"You are the most beautiful and sexy girl in church, the other guys are going to be so jealous of us. You are my girlfriend aren't you Stacey?"

"Yes I am and I'm truly happy about it. I love you Matthew and I want to be with you forever. I want so much for us to be happy that I'd do anything for you."

"You would? Will you scrunch down and take my cock in your mouth and suck it."

This surprised me, had he done this before or was it something that he'd heard about and wanted to try? I had read about girls sucking cock and enjoying it while others I'd read about said that there was no way that they would ever suck cock and here he was asking me to do it to him. I turned around in the bed and took his cock in my mouth. It was soft and there was still a drop of his semen on the tip so I licked it off. I felt his finger enter my pussy and slide in and out. Then it was his tongue licking me and he found my clitoris and licked it hard. I could feel another orgasm coming on. I had read about women who had never had one in their whole life and here I was just about to have my third in one afternoon. I couldn't believe how good making love made me feel.

Matthew's cock began to harden so he asked me to turn around and straddle him. He fed his cock into me and I began to slide up and down his shaft. This felt so good and my pussy didn't hurt this time. He had just ejaculated inside me again when we heard a car pull up outside. It was the others returning. "Wait here, I'll be right back." He got out of bed and pulled his shorts on.

"Well?" Justin asked. Matthew nodded to them. "Do you think that she'll be up for it?"

"Give me ten minutes and then you can come in, okay?"

"Sure. How did the vodka and OJ work?"

"Good. She's had three and I'm just going to give her another." He poured a glass for me and brought it into the bedroom. "Here you are, I thought that you could do with a drink."

I drank it thirstily and he took the glass from me and put it on the bedside table before climbing back into bed. "What are the others doing?" I asked him.

"They're going to have a swim and then crank up the barbie so we can have something to eat." He kissed me and his hand found its way once more to my pussy. It didn't take long for his cock to get hard and he turned me over and asked me to get on my hands and knees. So this was the doggy style that I'd heard about. He entered me and began thrusting his cock deep inside me. We had been making love for some minutes when I thought I heard the door open but dismissed it as ridiculous, the others wouldn't come into the room while we were making love.

Matthew pushed his cock as far as it would go into me and another load of semen flooded inside me. He pulled out and I thought he was going to get the towel so that I could clean up when I felt a cock slip into me. This couldn't be Matthew he'd just come. I looked over my shoulder to see Justin behind me with his cock in me. The others were watching. "No! Stop this!" I tried to pull free but he had a firm grip on my hips and was preventing me from getting free. "Matthew stop him. I don't want anyone other than you to make love to me."

"I'm not making love to you, I'm fucking you and we're all going to fuck you."

"No! I don't want to do this! Matthew I want to go home, please take me home."

"Sorry Stacey. They let me fuck their girlfriends so it's only fair that I should let them fuck you. You did say that you'd do anything for me."

"But I didn't mean this! If I'd known that you were going to share me around with your mates I never would have come here with you. What about your promise to the church that you were saving yourself for when you got married? What about the promise we all made in church, doesn't that mean anything to you?"

"You didn't believe that bullshit did you. I knew that you were pretty naïve but I never thought that you'd believe that crap." Justin said as he came inside me and they all laughed. I felt so stupid for having believed that they were serious. He pulled out to be immediately replaced by either Trent or Lyall.

After the four of them had finished they left to put the sausages on the barbecue leaving me sobbing in the bed. They must have planned this for some time, they must have known that I was a naïve and trusting girl who would go along with whatever Matthew said and did to me, and to think that I'd fallen for it, had trusted Matthew, after all he was the son of an 'awesome man of God' so why wouldn't I?
