 This story involves sex between three people. Two men and one woman. One of the men happens to be black. The other man enjoys watching his wife have sex with the other man. Therefore, if you hate cuckolds, sex between two men or black people, you will not enjoy this short story.

****

Along with the expected insults, I received many wonderful e-mails regarding the second story of our saga, which had my wife experiencing the joys of sex with Will Jessup, the man we met as a result of our personal ad.

We had enjoyed our first sexual encounter with another man the week before, and when we agreed to meet up with this man who called himself Wilson in his reply, we had no idea that the man was someone who we had known for many years, having been members of the same church.

After the initial embarrassment wore off, my wife Lisa and I decided to go ahead with the plan, and we ended up going to Will's lavish place for an evening of sex which remains one of the most incredible nights of our lives. 

Unlike our first cuckold experience, where Tony had forbidden me to touch him, Will Jessup not only allowed me to interact with him, but encouraged me to touch him, and do more. I did do some touching, but chickened out when the opportunity arose for more, my inhibitions holding me back.

After another sexual escapade, this one a rather accidental affair with a waiter that got me involved in a major way, I admitted to myself that I was bisexual. I enjoyed the feeling of young Kenny's cock in my mouth, and after discussing it with Lisa, we ended up getting together with Will Jessup again a few weeks later.

***

I was watching from the foot of Will Jessup's bed as he was fucking my wife, looking up from my vantage point as the trim and wiry black man moved his enormous cock in and out of my wife's pussy.

Will was arched over Lisa and was positioned like he was doing push-ups above her, his rich black skin glistening with sweat, and I could see the droplets of perspiration raining down on my petite wife's pale skin.

Will's balls swung wildly around as he moved, the over-sized pouch that held the golf ball sized testicles swaying low, and I heard Will groan when I reached up and grabbed the wrinkled pouch, kneading his nuts roughly in my palm.

I could now see Will's glistening black manhood as it slid in and out of Lisa's blonde fringed pussy, and could also see the outrageously proportioned trunk of his cock - the part that would never experience the tight confines of Lisa's vagina because of the extreme length and girth of his weapon.

"Oh Bryan!" I heard Will groan as he explained to my wife what I was doing. "Bryan's working my balls."

"Don't make him cum yet," I heard my wife say, gasping for air as Will continued to impale her with his member.

Before me as I knelt behind him, Will was on his toes, dipping in and out of my wife, while every muscle in his wiry torso strained and sparkled. With his thighs parted wide and his tight buttocks spread, I could see Will's anus, fully exposed.

It was a ruddy pink, in stark contrast to the ebony blackness around it, and as I looked at that puckered little ring, I remembered the first time Will had been with Lisa, and how shocked I was when I saw what my wife had done to him after he had used his own tongue to tongue to explore Lisa's anus.

Seeing my formerly conservative wife with her hands clawing at Will Jessup's ass cheeks; so driven with lust that she barely remembered afterward what she had done, her tongue licking and lapping at Will's asshole in a frenzy while I struggled with a wide range of emotions, confused me.

Now, looking at the pink ring, I could understand why my Lisa had found it so appealing. The balloon knot was like a flower, with the petals blooming, vulnerable and inviting, and my face was now moving between those tight buttocks as if I had no control over it.

"OMIGOD!" Will Jessup cried out when my tongue first caressed his anus, his body practically flying in the air as I licked his opening.

Will was such a fanatic about cleanliness that I wasn't surprised at how fresh he was, even in that most personal area, and that emboldened me to attack his anus even more enthusiastically.

"Rimming - rimming me," I heard Will tell Lisa, and she screamed as she came, her skinny legs twitching in the air as her orgasm raced through her. "Tongue it, Bryan."

I needed no encouragement as I latched my hands onto Will's hips and burrowed my tongue into the puckered ring. My mouth ached as I rimmed Will, and when he could take no more I felt his body move away from me.

Will had pulled his cock out of my wife, and with surprising agility was now facing me, his gigantic penis in hand. I know what he wanted me to do, and I knew I wanted to do it.

Unlike the cock of the lad I had sucked a few weeks earlier, Will's was not only long, but thick, and I strained to take the bulbous plum, exposed by his retracted foreskin, into my mouth. My left hand worked over his balls while my right hand wrapped around the rest of his cock, fist pumping up and down the shaft as I struggled to suck more of it.

Will's hand were running through my hair as I sucked his cock, and I was struck by the lack of real stiffness in his organ. Unlike my own, which got to be very rigid when erect, Will's massive weapon still had a degree of rubbery quality to it, probably because of the size of it, which was why I was surprised when Will said he was cumming.

I felt Will's cum surge through his member a second before the semen squirted down my throat. I struggled not to choke as that initial blast was followed by countless others, the bittersweet nectar coating my throat like it had Lisa's, and the sheer volume of it was so overwhelming that I had trouble swallowing it fast enough.

When the orgasm finally stopped, I looked down at Lisa, who was staring at me like she had cum again just watching me, and then Will was moving backwards a bit, allowing me to lean down and kiss my wife. My mouth was still full of Will's cum, and I shared it with her.

Lisa took it eagerly, her tongue dancing with mine while her - our - lover's seed passed between us. I felt Lisa's hand between my legs, finding my dick hard and ready, and then she was pulling me up towards her.

I was barely able to hold back my orgasm until my dick reached my wife's mouth, erupting the moment her lips slid down my stem, and after I stopped cumming I went down and kissed her again, the blend of our cum forming a cocktail that we eagerly shared.

"Amazing," Will said as he watched us, his hand sliding up and down his flaccid cock as he enjoyed our passion. "Simply amazing."

***

I told Will that he was the one that was amazing. This gentlemanly African American, so soft spoken and considerate, was not only breathtakingly well endowed but was a masterful love-maker. Blessed with a penis that not only measured nearly a foot long, but was so extraordinarily thick toward the base that it took both of my wife's hand to encircle the massive organ, he was stunning to watch in action.

When I've read some of the stories here about men who share their wives with other men - black men in particular - I'm struck by how often the other man is portrayed as arrogant and derisive of the husband who has allowed the sharing of his wife.

I have to admit I don't understand it. The only person who would be less tolerant of that kind of behavior in our relationship than me would be my wife. She would never want to hurt me or to see me be hurt by the words and actions of another.

So we share Will, and there is a lot of him to go around in every way. He's a generous lover who always makes sure that Lisa is satisfied before she cums himself.

One more thing makes him special to me. Recently, as Lisa was sucking my cock after Will had satisfied her, I was stunned when I felt something different. It was Will, taking my cock from my wife and letting his full lips slide up and down the pale slender shaft of my dick.

He had never done it before, Will said later, and he was curious. Besides, he told us, I had been so generous in sharing my wife with him that he felt he had to give me back something in return. I accepted his gift with gratitude, and will continue to do so any time he offers.

Hate me - hate my wife - hate our lifestyle - hate Will because he's black, or because he's so well-endowed. That's your privilege, but I wouldn't trade places with any man in the world, and I have the happiest and most sexually satisfied wife I know of.