 Sorry, I have not used an editor (other than my lovely lady giving me her most constructive criticisms and spelling checks).

All characters are 18 years or older.

This is my first story and is based from real life experience. While some names are changed, location and events remain real (other than some very minor embellishments for creative effect).

I also apologise that I may have started in the middle of what could be a great story series, there being a raft of events that led up to this story, and lots since. But, as it is my first attempt at this kind of writing I shall gage response (including your much appreciated 'Constructive' criticisms) before rushing to pen the next one.

Enjoy (Oh, please vote and comment!)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Monday 2nd Jan; Anna and I were still recovering from a great New Years. There had been lots of food, drink, great friends..... (but that's another story). 

We live in the country, just outside a New Zealand mid-size city, situated on the east coast of the North Island. We have easy access to world famous beaches, mountains, great walking and mountain biking tracks and geothermal pools are just a short drive away.

Life is good, so having had such a great New Years, we were now just simply relaxing outside on the deck, watching the stars and listening to the noises of the night, the owls (Ruru or Morepork) their unique sound echoing through the evening along with crickets chirping and the very light rustle of the tree's stirred ever so gently by the warm breeze that was offering a small respite from the early summer heat.

This is the southern hemisphere, thus being very early January we are only just approaching the height of summer, so even for 10.00pm it was still very hot and pushing 26°C (that's high 78°F for you northerners ;-).

Due to the slightly foggy heads, sore bodies and tired eyes, a result of the past few days partying, our bed was calling. With a few grunts and groans we cleared away our empty glasses, smothered the mosquito lamps and headed inside.

Just as I was about to slide the insect screens closed a strange car came in the driveway and parked in front of the garage door. Wondering who that could be this late and so soon after New Year's I headed back out onto the edge of the deck to investigate.

To my extreme pleasure I discover that our most special friend had decided on a whim to pay us a sneaky visit.

Christy literally flow into my arms and planted the biggest wettest kiss on me. Wow. Yummy.

After a kiss and cuddle for Anna we were soon relaxing back on the deck with cold drinks, chatting like we hadn't just been apart for the past 6 months.

We must have chatted until at least midnight before we decided it was time for bed. Christy played the tease of course, asking if the spare bed was made up. Cheeky, she knows that when she stays with us she also sleeps with us (otherwise what's the point in having a super king bed). 

We all piled into the shower, giggling like school kids, a little shy after our time apart but still excited to touch and feel each other again.

No funny business though, we were all pretty tired from the partying we had all just done the days prior, so with a little regret we all agreed that it was 'sleep' time. But, nothing was to stop us kissing and cuddling, which is what we did until the small hours when all three of us finally fell asleep in each other's arms, legs tangled together. A very pleasant sweaty heap of body parts that so naturally belonged together.

Tuesday 3rd Jan; The following morning was a gentler start, Anna got out of bed carefully so as not to wake us, and snuck out to look after the kids and keep them occupied, allowing Christy and I to have a little sleep in. Seeing as she left so "quietly", we were awake with not much on our minds except for more touching and kissing, which we did without hesitation.

We were definitely very horny for each other, but as Anna wasn't with us we tried our very best to be good. We just kept it to kissing, touching, a very little taste on my fingers for me.

Mmmm, I just love the taste of her sex.

Christy was so wet, just the smell of her was enough to drive me wild, and I know when Anna got a smell of it, she would be as hot as hell for her as well.

After an hour or so of dry grinding against each other, quite sweet nothings and a lot of passionate kissing we decided that the day had better start somewhere, so with some moaning and groaning (and not the good kind) we forced ourselves out of bed. It is lucky we have a very big house, with the kids nicely occupied in the lounge Christy easily slipped out of our bedroom and out to the lounge 5 minutes ahead of me. When I emerged I found Anna and Christy having a sneaky kiss and cuddle in the kitchen, OMG, instant hard on.

So the day progressed much the same as any other normal domestic day, some house work, a little work outside on the property and I had to go to work for a few hours in the late afternoon to check on staff.

That evening was a nice home cooked meal, plenty of wine for the ladies, a few rums for me, lots of great conversation, play with the kids, etc.... Haven for any man I would think.

Once the kids were down to sleep the conversation obviously turned slightly more adult, with giggles about the first time that we supposedly seduced Christy with a game of strip poker when we were all a little too drunk one night and a few fantasies and desires being discussed.

We didn't last there for long. The desire was so great I am sure that if anyone had shown up they would have known instantly that they had interrupted something between the three of us.

We downed our drinks and headed to the shower without much hesitation, stripping each other off while kissing and touching.

Mmm, the shower was nice and the water cool against the hot steamy season, and with plenty of soap the body rubbing was on.

Anna and Christy were rubbing their tits together, Anna with her slightly larger pert D cup mashed up against Christy's very firm and perky C cup. They kept up their slow soapy grind against each other, giving their tits a good work out against each other while I stood behind them and twisted their nipples together. Oh my, those tits, those nipples.

Anna has great tits, one of her best "assets", pert with large areola that pinch tight has her nipples stiffen, which they often do with the slightest touch and stimulation.

Christy's however were always perky, constant hard nipples that often caught the attention of both men and women. She had absolutely no need to wear a bra, other than to cover her perpetually hard nipples. But, even though constantly hard a little stimulation turned them into elongated pencil erasers that stuck out from her firm mounds.

The attentions of my hands was having the desired results, Anna's gentle moaning and Christy's soft grunts as I pinched their nipples together, rolling both nipples between my fingers like I was trying to twist them together.

Each of them took turns to reach down and feel my cock, Anna driving her hand down along my shaft with some force, feeling my full hardness and drawing my foreskin back off the head, driving my lust up a notch. That was until, "Oh god Anna, you are soooo lucky to have this cock. I am more than a little jealous!" Christy was running her fingers over my exposed helmet, feeling the ridged edges under her fingers. I had to pull away, I had to get out. It was too much too quickly and I had to slow this all down.

It wasn't long before the water and the steam they were generating got too much for the girls too, so without a lot of encouragement I was able to coax them both out. Handing them each a towel we started to dry each other off, more touching, kissing, grinding... 

Gurrr how am I going to last through this?

I moved away again, occupied myself with drying myself, combing my hair and doing anything other than look at what the girls were doing to each other.

While I triple checked on the kids and finished turning lights off Anna and Christy got into bed.

Returning to our bedroom, closing the door behind me I stood for a while and was mesmerised by the show the girls were putting on.

There was some heavy kissing and touching going on. Anna was on her back with Christy lying along her body facing each other.

In unison they smiled to each other and then looked my way, radiating pure lust, love, longing, outright desire on both their faces.

Christy was the first to speak, "Like what you see there big boy?" 

I climbed in beside the girls and started rubbing Christy's back and arse.

Christy obviously enjoyed my attention and, reaching down, squeezed my cock a couple of times.

Anna rolled her to the right so that Christy was sandwiched tightly between us, reaching round Christy to also grab at my cock and rub it against Christy's lower back and arse. Christy also rubbed her arse back against it.

Anna, speaking softly said "Oh my loves, I have sooo missed you both" then kissing Christy passionately as she proceeded to rub the head of my cock between Christy's frim round butt cheeks.

Christy started moaning a little, soft sighs. "God Anna, I have missed you so much, your touch, your taste, the feel of your man pushed up against me, your lovely heavy boobs on me........ God I am sooo wet with desire for you both!"

I got the hint and dipped my fingers into her hot tight pussy and felt how wet she really was.

Anna had pulled her hand away from me and had started laying wet kisses and tongue swirls all over Christy's neck, collar bone, along her right shoulder, making her way down to her right nipple.

After a few minutes I decided to tease her with my cock. Being nearly 8in long with very good girth it is the perfect 'tool' to tease her with. I was rubbing it between her butt cheeks and across her labia when she suddenly sat back against me. She was so wet my cock 'popped' in. OMG, man she was tight and being a horsy girl has very good muscle control.

As soon as I started Anna wanted Christy to describe what I was doing to her.

Christy moaned back "fuuuuccccck, his cock isss.... fuck, is argh... is in me."

You know when you get so hot for it you cannot control your hips. That was me, I just started a slow steady in and out pump.

I was initially worried that Anna would be a little angry but instead got down between Christy's legs, spread them and watched my cock slide in and out of her. She then started rubbing Christy's clit and running her fingers around my cock and balls, spreading Christy's juices everywhere, making little moaning noises herself and stating, "Oh, that's so hot, don't stop my love, I could watch this all night, god that yummy pussy looks tight..."

Surprising both Christy and I, Anna then stuck her head between Christy's legs and started licking her clit and pussy. Man, talk about tight, Christy's pussy muscles clamped tight straight away with the feelings that Anna was sending through her.

I had to push their boundaries! I summoned the will power to slowly slide my cock out of Christy's velvet vice and slid it up over her clit and at the same time, over Anna's tongue.

Anna pulled away a little at first, but it did not take long for her to wrap her hot mouth around my cock and suck it deep into her mouth, sucking hard, sucking very hard...... WOW.

I then slowly feed it back into Christy and fucked her several long slow strokes before again slipping it out and have Anna suck all the juices off me again.

Anna then grabbed my cock, pulling down hard to force my foreskin as far down as it would go, fully exposing the sensitive head and pushed me back into Christy's pussy. I got the hint, sliding back and forth for a couple of strokes just so it would get covered in her juices so Anna could suck them off again. That was the pattern for the next few minutes, Suck, fuck, suck, fuck, suck, fuck, on and on it went.

I had to pause several times to 'contain' myself, but not for long. I was very proud of myself, in something straight out of an AAA+ porn movie, I must have lasted at least 10 minutes before I finally felt my balls go hot and tighten up, so I quickly pulled out of Christy and blew my load all over Christy's pussy lips and Anna's face.

That was enough to send Christy over the edge, just the feel of my hot cum all over her pussy with Anna now rubbing it all over her labia with her fingers, Christy came very hard, so hard I had to hold her down so that Anna could push her more and more over the edge. When we did finally allow her to stop climaxing she couldn't close her legs as her pussy was so sensitive to the pressure of her thighs.

Anna slipped up the bed and Christy rolled over onto her, pulling Anna to her and sucking and licking all the juices off her face.

While Christy was sliding her body on top of Anna, looking for maximum contact, I slid my hands up Anna's legs and started to play with her inner thigh, teasing her legs open for my attentions.

As Anna's legs spread my hands continued to travel up her thighs contacting her pussy and causing her to jump, mmm, she was so open and so very very wet that my fingers slid over her lips and clitoris with very little effort. Christy, laying on top of her used her knee's to force Anna's legs open further, allowing me full access to her pussy, allowing me to push my fingers into her. I started a slow pump with my fingers while Christy kissed her, squeezed her boobs, licked, sucked and lightly twisted her nipples.

After a few minutes of this Christy wanted to get some of the action I had and rolled of Anna to slide her hands down to touch and feel Anna's wetness for herself.

With the two of us now on either side, using our respective legs to hold Anna down while holding her legs open we played with Anna's clitoris and fingered her very wet pussy while she just lay there and moaned.

It didn't take too much time with that sort of attention for Anna to build to her orgasm. "Ooohhhh, yesssss, just like that, more, more please, yeeeeesssssssssssssssssss." Christy was smiling, relishing the pleasure we were causing Anna. Talking sweetly, softly directly to Anna's ear Christy asks, "Are you enjoying this? Does it turn you on to know that I think of you every day, that I lust for you every day, that I wank myself thinking about doing this to you?"

Just as Anna had done to Christy, Christy did to her. As Anna's breathing came in short pants, Christy fingered her harder and faster forcing Anna's orgasm to wash over her, driving her to greater and greater heights all while Anna was climbing the bed to get away from our fingers.

Stop, no, please, stop, argh, more, please, no stop, argh, yesss, just like that, please, fuck, argh...."

Christy and I are watching each other. With a nod we start to bring Anna down, like applying the brakes, using a little less pressure each time as Anna finally started to roll to a stop. Panting hard, pulling our hands away from her sensitive parts, we all just lay there, cum drying on all of us, holding hands, touching, giggling and with silly smiles on our faces.

I was the first to move, sliding out from under all the limbs to head into the bathroom for a quick clean up. I brought some warm flannels back for the girls, who I found wrapped in each other's arms, kissing and giggling to each other once again. After a quick clean-up for them I recovered the sheet, leaving the rest of the blankets on the floor and climbed in, sandwiching Christy between myself and Anna. We lay there, chatting about silly stuff, soft touching, bodies all wrapped together once again.

It was hot, very hot and I was grateful for the fan in the corner slowly sweeping the room, but inevitably we were a sweaty heap of bodies, but a happy sweaty heap!

During the night I woke a few times to feel Christy beside me, my arm lightly draped across her naked body, with Anna backed up against her on the other side, loosely wrapped in Christy's arms.

I was also woken a few times by some ones hands having a sneaky squeeze of my cock, stoking me to semi hardness each time. A giggle.

Later, Christy I think, then more hands. Anna rolled away to turn over and slip back in against Christy again and Christy moving slightly away from me to take a better hold of Anna. Cheeky girls!

From part feel and part assumption I knew the girls had wrapped their bodies together, maximising the contact of skin on skin. I didn't mind, I was able to breathe a little better, spread out, cool down a little and thankfully stick my feet out of the bottom of the sheet. Phew, we would have to change these sweaty sheets tomorrow!

The complete feeling of bliss throughout my body and knowing the lust and love the two girls were now sharing while in blissful sleep really relaxed me. I crashed out fully and completely.

Wednesday 4th Jan; The following morning we all woke together, slightly earlier than normal to softly and silently touch each other. That feeling again of hands on me.

Anna whispered something and Christy giggling quietly, then hands moving a little faster on my now hardening cock. God, this is going to be a great morning.

Christy gave a sneaky giggle while looking me in the eye, then rolled completely away to lie on top of Anna, rubbing her lathe incredibly sexy body all over Anna's, their tits mashing together once again.

Mmmmmm, just drinking in the sight of it was enough to make my cock twitch with excitement.

I decide to get in on the action and even though the girls were playing a little hard to get I had easy access from the bottom of the bed where I began to play, tease and pleasure. Using my fingers on both girls at once I soon had Christy arching her back to stick her arse in the air further, giving me better access while Anna slid her legs open as far as she could.

Crouched on my knee's so I was able to use both hands I am in heaven, finger fucking both these sexy girls at once, running my fingers over their pussy lips, smearing juice's everywhere, sliding my fingers in and out of them, gaining encouragement from their moaning.

After about 10 minutes of my attention Anna grabbed Christy under the arms and pulled her up, telling her to straddle her face so she can taste Christy's pussy. Just as Christy lowers her now dripping pussy onto Anna's face, Anna reaches down and spreads her own pussy and demands my cock.

Anna licks, taste's, "Mmm, I can taste cum baby, your cum. Mmm, I can taste your cum and her pussy at the same time, god, fuck me, fuck me with that big cock."

With Christy now riding Anna's face and me slowly sliding my very hard cock in and out of Anna's wet pussy, all moaning, grunting and in sexual heaven.

Christy reaches behind her and runs a hand over my stomach, down over my hips where she can feel the rhythm of my slow fuck, grabbing my hip to pull me into Anna and help guide the speed and tempo of my thrust's. 

I run a hand up over Christy at the same time, cupping one of her pert C cup tits, feeling the hardness of her nipple in my palm, pinching it gently and rolling it between my fingers.

As we move I realise we are both moving together, same pace, same tempo, I fucking Anna in long firm strokes and Christy riding Anna's face. One of the sexiest, most erotic things I have ever done. 

With the sounds of Anna's muffled grunts and moans, I found myself having to catch myself, having to slow and clench my pelvic muscles to stop my orgasm building prematurely.

But not for long, Anna's hand reaches for her clit which I know she does when she is very turned on and desperate for an orgasm, Christy's hips are now moving independently of my tempo, her moans getting deeper, more of a grunt. Anna wrapped her arms around Christy's thighs, pulling her crotch down hard onto her face.
