 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

*

Our beer geek pilgrimage didn't quite turn out the way we had anticipated. Initially, we'd had a lot of interest among our beer loving friends in a long weekend trip to Rehoboth Beach, Delaware with many planned excursions to the Dogfish Head brewpub. As the plans got finalized, so many people with grand intentions found excuses for not showing up. I didn't care if I ended up there by myself but, luckily, Mary Alice and Debbie were as committed to the vision as I was. Because Debbie lived in New Jersey, she was going to drive down and pick up Mary Alice and me at the airport in Philadelphia on the way. We'd been able to arrange it so that her flight from Boston and mine from Denver arrived pretty close to the same time so neither of us would be waiting too long for the other before we headed outside to meet Debbie.

As I made my way from the concourse into the main terminal after landing, I spotted Mary Alice right away. Since the majority of our communication lately had been via the Internet, it was great to finally see her in person and, when she hugged me, it was great to feel her body against mine. She smelled nice and didn't seem to be in a hurry to let me go, so I enjoyed the moment. Her cell phone interrupted us as Debbie called to check on our status. We'd both packed just enough for a long weekend, so there was no need to visit the luggage carousel, which meant that we'd be ready and waiting when Debbie pulled up.

We had a few minutes to catch up while we waited, but we also knew we had a couple more hours ahead of us in the car so there was no sense of urgency; we just appreciated being together. When Debbie pulled up, we threw our bags in the trunk and hopped in, me in back and Mary Alice riding shotgun. We were quickly back out on the interstate and headed south, discussing the weekend ahead and how lame so many of our friends had turned out to be. We figured that we should arrive at our hotel right around check-in time and would heading over to Dogfish Head after a quick stop in our room. We'd decided that we were mature enough at fortysomething that we could share a hotel room without any drama, especially since we'd known each other for so long. We agreed on a nice hotel with a beach view and reserved a room with two queen-size beds, one of which Debbie and Mary Alice would be sharing.

Since we'd selected the hotel sight unseen based on information we'd culled from the Internet, we were duly impressed when we pulled up. We were right across from the beach and, since we'd paid extra for the beach view, we knew it was going to be worth the extra expense, which hadn't been all that much once it was divided three ways. Since the reservation was in my name, I went in to pick up our room key and parking pass. When I saw that we were on a high floor, I must have been a little excited because there was one minor detail I overlooked during check-in. It wasn't until we'd parked and brought our bags up almost to the top floor that we discovered a small problem. In fact, we actually were so enthralled by our view, that it didn't dawn on any of us immediately that there was only one bed in the room.

It was a king-size bed, granted, but it still would end up being a little bit more intimate than we'd intended if we tried sleeping together there. I called down to the front desk to see what had happened with our reservation. It turned out that they didn't have any two queen rooms left with the view that we'd paid extra for so our only options were the king or to take a two queen room without a view and get some money refunded. I said that we'd discuss it and let them know.

"I love this view," Mary Alice said.

"So do I," Debbie agreed.

"Did you both pack pajamas?" I asked.

They both nodded.

"Are we going to be completely passed out after a few hours each night at Dogfish Head?" I asked.

"Yeah, no doubt," they agreed. Based on that, we decided that we'd keep the room with the view and that a king-size bed was plenty large enough for all of us to sleep in comfortably. With that decided, we headed over to Dogfish Head for some food and some excellent beer. There was nothing funny or improper going on between us as we dined and drank; it was just three friends who hadn't seen each other in a long while catching up and sharing a lot of laughs. When we finally decided it was time to head back to the hotel, we were all feeling pretty good, but I don't know that we would be considered impaired.

Back in the room, I grabbed my pajamas, which consisted of a light pair of shorts and a t-shirt, and ducked into the bathroom. In a minute or so, I was finished and brushing my teeth at the sink outside the bathroom. Mary Alice went next and, by the time I was done brushing, she was out, wearing a long, t-shirt-type nightshirt. It briefly occurred to me that she was probably naked underneath it but I figured I'd better push those thoughts away if we'd be getting in bed together. Mary Alice finished brushing her teeth before Debbie had even entered the bathroom but, as soon as the door closed, Mary Alice was right up next to me.

"Don't tell Debbie about this," she said, then started to kiss me.

"I won't tell her," I replied when she pulled her lips from mine, "but I think she's going to notice that my shorts are tented out."

"I made you hard?" she asked, reaching down to feel my throbbing tool as she started to kiss me again. She extracted my tool and started to stroke it so I reached down below the hem of her nightshirt and found her bush underneath it. Her pussy was dripping but I didn't have much time to think about what we were going to do about it when Debbie walked out of the bathroom and caught us.

"Why did I even bother with this?" she asked as we looked up at her guiltily. She was wearing a short, light nightgown with shoulder straps, which she slid over her shoulders as she let her nightgown drop to the floor. My cock throbbed even more in Mary Alice's hand as I admired Debbie's big, freckled tits topped with large areolas and hard nipples before my gaze dropped to her trim, brown bush.

"Here, you take over," Mary Alice said, releasing my cock and beckoning Debbie over. My hands went right to Debbie's tits as she grasped my cock but we were both watching Mary Alice as she raised her nightshirt up, revealing her own trim, brown bush and a nice set of tits that was a bit smaller than Debbie's. Once she was naked, she started to work my t-shirt up while Debbie yanked my shorts down. They decided between them that I would lie on my back, Mary Alice would suck my cock and Debbie would straddle my face. I was perfectly content with that arrangement.

I lay in the middle of the bed as Mary Alice knelt between my spread legs, her tits swinging as she leaned forward. Debbie climbed onto the bed from the side and her pussy was soon looming above me. As I started licking the juices flowing from her slit, I felt Mary Alice's mouth engulfing my throbbing tool and let out a moan. I had my hands on Debbie's full, round ass cheeks as I licked her pussy but soon brought a hand down and slipped a finger into her. Her pussy was hot and slippery and, despite feeling Mary Alice's lips sliding up and down my tool, I couldn't wait to slip my cock into Debbie's pussy. As I pumped my finger in and out, I was licking and sucking her clit and could hear her moaning overhead. Glancing up, I could see that she was bracing her arms against the headboard with her head resting on her arms and her tits swinging above me. I knew I'd be fucking her tits at some point that weekend.

I wasn't so focused on Debbie that I wasn't appreciating Mary Alice's cocksucking efforts. She was pumping the base of my shaft while her hot mouth slid up and down it and it felt incredible. I really did not have a good sense of time at that moment, so I wasn't sure how long she'd been sucking my cock, and occasionally running her tongue over my balls, before I felt her moving around while just holding onto my cock. When I felt my cock engulfed once again, I could tell that it wasn't her mouth this time. Her pussy had a much more snug grip on my cock, though it was equally hot and slippery. She started to ride up and down on my tool so I was pushing up into her as I ate Debbie's pussy.

Debbie was humping her pussy toward my face, a little bit faster the longer I ate her. She seemed to be flooding me with even more nectar as well, which I eagerly lapped up around my pumping finger. When she went rigid, I knew that she was just about to cum and kept doing what I was doing. Suddenly, her whole body started to shake and she let out a long, loud moan. I continued eating her and fingering her as she came and wasn't planning to stop at one orgasm, but she moved off of my face and suggested that she and Mary Alice switch. I took a good long look at Mary Alice's naked body as she moved up, my cock slipping out of her. I wasn't expecting to fuck her tits, but I certainly wanted to get my hands on them at some point. They weren't as big as Debbie's and her areolas were small but her nipples were very stiff.

Her bush was reminiscent of Debbie's since they were both brown and well groomed. As soon as it was close enough, I ran my tongue up her slit and tasted her pungent juices, which were vaguely different from Debbie's but which I savored equally. She started moaning as I lapped at her pussy and I moaned myself when Debbie's pussy engulfed my throbbing tool. Just as Mary Alice's had been, Debbie's pussy was hot and slippery and snug. The feeling of it sliding up and down my tool was outstanding even though my attention was focused on eating Mary Alice's pussy. I couldn't tell whether Mary Alice had been close to cumming when she'd been riding my cock, but when I slipped a finger into her, she was super wet and totally engorged so I thought it was a safe bet. I licked and sucked her clit while she moaned longer and louder the longer I ate her.

I was trying to relish the feel of Debbie's pussy and the taste of Mary Alice's at the same time and was nearly experiencing sensory overload. It was absolutely blissful, however, and it didn't escape me that this weekend was just beginning. Since Debbie had already cum, I wanted to get Mary Alice there, too, but I was perfectly okay with not cumming yet myself. I'd have been perfectly happy if I could have fucked them both all night before I got to cum. As it was, I had absolutely not expected to be in the position where I currently found myself and had even abandoned any hope of seeing either of their naughty bits that weekend. So even if we awoke the next morning regretting what we'd done, which was highly doubtful, I knew that I'd be perfectly content with how things had gone.

I was looking up at Mary Alice's tits swinging above me as she braced herself on the headboard and I will admit to minimal disappointment that I never saw Debbie's hands reach around to cup them. It would be no big deal if there was no bi action between the two of them, but it would be infinitely more exciting if there was some. Mary Alice was starting to tense up, which I took to mean that she was reaching the verge of an orgasm and I hoped that it would be at least as long and intense as Debbie's had appeared to be. She let out a similar long, loud moan when her body started to shudder and I was rewarded with even more fresh juices. I continued eating her once she'd started cumming and only quit when I had to because she'd moved off of my face.

My attention was drawn to Debbie's big, bouncing tits as she continued to ride me while she and Mary Alice decided what to do next. The feeling of her pussy sliding up and down my tool had my attention, too, and I relished it until she stopped and climbed off of me. The two of them knelt on either side of me with their asses toward my head so I caressed their asses and stroked their pussies and fondled their tits as they took turns sliding their hot mouths up and down my tool. It didn't take long before I was on the verge of cumming myself though I tried to just relax and savor the pleasure I was feeling. I was certain that I'd be feeling plenty more pleasure in the coming days, so I wasn't too worried about making this one time last. As such, I just went with it and was soon blasting a load into Debbie's mouth. Mary Alice took over and tasted some of my cum as well before my cock started to soften and they let it fall against my leg.

We turned the comforter down and crawled under the sheets, our naked bodies rubbing against each other. It was pretty early the next morning when I felt the first mouth around my already hard member and we were soon licking and sucking and fucking again. Although there ultimately was never any bi action between the two of them, I did get to fuck Debbie's sumptuous tits and fuck both of them in the ocean in their swimsuits and shower with both of them among the continual fucking and eating and sucking...and the beer drinking over at Dogfish Head. I think it came as a surprise to all three of us that the beer did not end up being the highlight of the trip.