 I was trapped on a three day car trip to Detroit for a concert. But that wasn't the worst of it. I was with my Ex-girlfriend, now my "lets try being friends for a while" friend, Cassie and her two best friends, Trish and Allie. All they talked about was tampons, Midol and how big or small their last date was. I couldn't even sleep because Cassie is afraid of highway driving, so it's my job. The only thing good about it was the frequent costume changes in the backseat. 

Allie is this perfect ten; Long blonde hair, baby blue eyes, five foot five, one hundred and twenty pounds, 34 - 22 - 36...perfect. And she hated bras or underwear, to constricting she said. Trish is gorgeous...Long curly red hair, light green eyes, mile high legs she always showed off, five foot ten, one hundred and fifty-five pounds. Thirty-eight double d - 24 - 38. Tall and stacked. And that was just the backseat cast. Cassie was right next to me in a barely there skirt and one of her straps and stings halter tops. Her pert c cups bouncing with the road. She had her strawberry blonde hair twisted into spirals that fell to wavy tips, her creamy legs shifting back and forth to get comfortable. The whole time I was remembering how she could swallow a full eight inches of cock in one swoop. My balls got tight just thinking about it, that first full swallow of cock sucking genius perfection was damn near enough to get me off. It was hell on my libido until the girls got restless in St. Louie...

Cassie, wild girl that she is, wanted to hit the strip clubs. I can do that, I can survive, that became my mental mantra. We got a room for me and a suite for the girls in town, so we could all enjoy, drink, and sleep it off before driving the rest of the way. Then the ladies began their ritualistic preparations for a night out on the town. Two hours later perfection in triplicate walks out of the elevator and into the hotel bar where I was waiting. Flesh, flesh and more flesh greet the eye as I try to see the clothes past the sexy skin blinding me. 

Cassie walked up to me and wrapped her arms around me with a smile, just as one of her beautiful tits freed it's self from the little straps trying to control it. She rubbed it seductively against my arm then placed it carefully back within it's confines. Next Allie jiggled up to me for a hug in less than twelve inches of fabric in all. Her luscious coed breasts pressed into my chest and her hand grazed my crotch as she pulled away. And last but not least Trish, keeping her distance, smiled a naughty grin at me and shifted her tiny skirt to reveal no panties covering her gorgeous trimmed pussy. 

I was at a loss about what is going on so I squirmed and suffered through the drinks while waiting for a cab. After a long, crowded drive we reached the club with me sporting a raging hard on from the tight ride. Cassie spotted it and pulled me behind a pair of vans while waving the girls over. I blushed and try to stutter out a sentence but Cassie groped my prick through my pants and I froze. 

"Damage control girls; Just remember we'll need him later." I stared at her in confusion, then in awe as Allie and Trish excitedly dropped to the knees in a parking lot to free my pulsing cock from my pants. They began to massage it, rubbing my balls, sneaking down to tickle my asshole. Just as it became unbearable Allie opened her tiny rosebud mouth and slid her fiery lips around my shaft, taking over half of my hardness all at once. I was in heaven and never wanted to leave, until Trish pushed Allie back to get at my thickening rod. 

Her lips and tongue teased my cock making it twitch and jerk. Soon enough Trish and Allie were fighting over who was to get my sticky cum...but when Trish her mouth off of me and pressed her pinkie against my asshole she won the whole load across her chest and neck. When I returned to earth and caught my breath I tried to apologize but Trish just laughed, she beckoned Allie to give her a quick tongue bath. Allie proceeded to clean up every drop of my spunk from her friends body. Then Cassie appeared and bit at my ear, " That's just the warm up baby, save your strength. I'll need it most." My limp penis began to stiffen at her words, but this time I controlled him and walked silently into the club behind the girls.

I flagged down the first waitress I saw and asked for a Jack, double, straight-up. Cassie calls her closer next and they talk for a while, they ended on a mysterious look and a laugh. When the drinks arrived mine was straight up alright...straight up coke. I was confused and slightly irritated but the waitress just pointed to Cassie. Cassie smiled and shook her head, turning back to Trish. 

I watched the dancers, as the girls came and went each taking their turn at torturing me, sometimes with help from the strippers. Over the course of the evening I was given four beers, four lousy beers to combat tits, ass, and more tits. After hours and last calls I finally got them to agree it was late. We flagged down another cab to make our return trip to the hotel, me between Trish and Cassie with Allie up front with the driver. I felt Trish's arm go across my lap but that wasn't the end of it. I glanced up as Cassie leaned over me a little and whispered to Trish. Her hand slid off my knee and right up against my dick, too perfect for an accident...but I didn't really mind. 

She began to massage me, stroking me from tip to base and back again, never looking at me and continuing to whisper to Trish. Trish leaned into me more, trying to hear better she said, and I couldn't stop from imagining these two fine women licking each other, kissing, sucking, it would be amazing. A breast brushed against me occasionally, a hand would slip, just minor turn on stuff... Until Cassie leaned further towards Trish and slid her silky tongue along Trish's bottom lip. My dick jumped and strained against my jeans as I watched them both just licking each others lips. 

Finally Allie turned around, sent the driving a sexy smile, and leaned over the backseat. I waited for her to join the tongue battle with them but she just slipped her hands under each skirt, and worked some magic. After moans from both Cassie and Trish she pulled back two glistening pointer fingers. Her eyes never left mine as she licked, first one finger, then the other clean. 

"I can't decide who tastes better...can you help me?" I just stared at this hot little fox, with her sexy little grin. I somehow found the brain function to nod. She leaned even further over the seat baring her sexy breasts by default, she shoved Trish and Cassie apart and took my lips in a pussy flavored, lava fueled, tongue twisting, I want to fuck your brains out kind of kiss. 

All too soon we arrived back at the hotel and had to stop our oral love making. I paid the cabbie who refused a tip with an ear to ear smile and listened as Trish and Cassie switched their energies to me instead of each other, cute bickering for reasons unknown to me, over who got to walk beside me. After an extremely long elevator ride we reached our floor. I fumbled in my pocket for the key card as the grinning women watched. I got my door open and turned back to them; Trish stepped towards me with a smile.

"We'll see you for a night cap in about half and hour, our room....don't keep us waiting." Then she placed her arms around the girls and led them a few doors down with a hand on each firm ass. Before they went inside Allie bent down to suck Cassie's hard tan nipple through her non-existent shirt. Cassie moaned and Trish smiled...then they stepped inside and shut the door. A half an hour later, after arguing with myself the entire time, I was standing outside their suite door. 

Right before I could get the courage up to knock Allie opened it in nothing but a g-string and mesh bra. Smiling she pulled me inside, Trish and Cassie are stretched out on the floor near the chair Allie led me to before she joined them at my feet. I tried to look anywhere but at those hot bodies so close to me, trying desperately to think of something to say to them. Finally Cassie spoke up.

"We've decided to fuck you tonight." My jaw dropped so fast and so far it must have hit the room below us. Trish laughed and Cassie went on, " At first, for the second warm up, all at once. But after, later, one by one in private...to enjoy." Her hand was stroking my leg, then my thigh. " Anything you want you can have...as long as the girls get that cock I've been boasting about..." 

I felt another hand on my arm, it was Trish, just slowly rubbing. " We are all tested and clean and on birth control...your safe here." Cassie leaned hard into me and whispered against my neck, " I couldn't fuck you without feeling your cum splatter my insides, so no condoms...my pussy would go crazy. Please don't say no baby..." There were hands everywhere at this point, I didn't know who or where, I just felt them all over. Cassie was kneeling in front of me and touching my hard on, and the other girls quickly scooted nearer to her. I looked down in amazement as I saw three different colored heads, three women, move down around my groin...it was a beautiful sight. 

I buried my hands into two sets of hair and tossed me head back, thrusting my hips up a little towards them, and that was all the sign they needed. My pants were quickly dealt with and I felt a tongue on one side flicking and grazing with lips...I was groaning in pleasure, then I felt a second tongue join the first, wrapping around my balls and the bass of my cock. Suddenly my Cassie made me proud by pushing my engorged dick right past where all other women gag, oh how I love the way she can swallow a cock whole. With three mouths on me now, sliding and flicking, sucking, Allie nibbling at my stomach and chest I could feel my nuts ready to blow. 

There were mouths and hands and breasts everywhere...I knew I couldn't hold back. I tried and tried until my prick was aching. I jumped up from the chair and stood there over those three hungry cock angels jacking myself off. My cum burst out in a stream to splash Allie's hair and face while Cassie and Trish sucked it off of her as fast as I shot it. I fell back in a daze and watched as the girls went into the bathroom. They left the door open as they washed my lust off of each others bodies. 

After thirty minutes of watching them rub each other I needed to cum again, I could hardly wait, my cock hung heavy and hard against my lap while I tried to work up the nerve to call them back to me. But luckily little Allie walked out of the shower donned her mesh underwear set and right over to me leaving Cassie and Trish to entertain themselves some more. 

"I won the draw, I get you first." She hooked her hand in my recently re-done belt and tugs me towards her personal bedroom area. I closed the door behind us and she turned on the lights. She reached down and slowly undid my belt again, then pushed my pants down to the floor. " I like it slow and soft...can you do that for me honey?" She asked as she placed my hand against her shaved cunt lips.

"Oh I think I can handle that darlin..." I took her into my arms and gently laid her back against the bed as I started to remove her minimal clothes, easing the mesh material away from her hips and ran it down her thighs and calves sliding the cloth against her shower sensitive flesh. Next came her bra, I unhooked it but left it laying against her, then I took it by the straps and sensually dragged it across her tight little nipples, making them stand up and beg to be kissed. 

I lay down beside her and softly kissed her heated lips, stretched out beside her taunt, smooth body and instantly began to throb. I touched every inch of her young, hot skin making her gasp for breath between moans. I tasted her sweet center until she begged for my dick to fill her wet pussy. I rose up and slowly, inch by inch, slid my throbbing cock into her burning snatch. I slowly fucked her trying to work my hard length in to her tight twat, back and forth and felt her tighten half my dick. Her hips started pushing into mine, as she clenched her hands into my ass cheeks and hips pulling me just a little deeper. 

I watched her face and reached a hand between us to gently rub my finger back and forth against her hard little clit. I stroked my cock in and out of her velvet pussy and felt her get closer, knowing I probably wont cum. She moaned my name and I felt her cunt clenching, pulling me in, I saw her eyes go wide as her body turned tense, she screamed , "I'm going to cum!" Her heat was so perfect, I stayed still while she rode the wave, and even after until I heard her breathing slow into sleep. I untangled myself, silently retrieved my clothes and tiptoed out of her room. 

I went to the bathroom to clean up thinking the night had been perfect. I had always wanted to slow fuck Allie, she just looked so innocent yet naughty, all the time. I finished up my shower, threw on my now wrinkled and sex stained slacks and headed to the front room of the suite to recuperate. 

Trish spoke up from the darkened room, " You don't think your done yet do you big boy? I've been waiting years for that cock of yours." She had dressed in a robe after her frolic in the shower, it dropped to the floor as she reached a hand out to touch my sleeping dick through the slightly damp material of my slacks. He seemed tired but oh so willing as she pulled his flaccid length out of the pants and into her mouth. 

Her lips and tongue teased and tortured me, taking a millimeter at a time until without warning taking my whole, ever growing shaft in one hard motion. I hit muscle and she gagged around my head, I tried to pull back but she just shoved her face harder against me, gagging more as she went. It was fucking hot, hearing her gag around my thrusting dick, feeling her throat try and shove me out but her fighting to take more. After several more deep throat until she gagged maneuvers she pulled back. He was fully awake then and she tried to take him all one more time but she fell just short. I pulled her up and yanked her against me. 

She ground her body against mine while I yanked her head back by her hair, taking my fill of her luscious tits. I let a hand fly leaving a bright print against her ass cheek, her moan made my cock tighten. I let her go and shoved her away a short inch. I stepped back until my legs hit chair and I took a seat. Trish smiled and stepped to me, she straddled my hips and bent close to me. "I want to ride your cock like you've never been ridden..." She breathed against my ear. Her cunt tensed around me almost like a hand, she glided up and down, milked me with her hot pussy muscles. 

I placed my hands at her knees and lifted her off the floor. Trish grabbed my shoulders for support and balance, looking down at me. I gave her a slow evil smile and dropped her pussy down my shaft, her body weight and gravity impaling her. She screamed so loud I stopped thinking it had hurt her, but she pleads with me, " Oh god! Again! Pleas don't stop! Fuck me that way again! Oh please!" I lifted her again and let go, letting gravity take over the fucking for me. I hit a spot that made her moan out low and loud, so I shifted back a little and brought it home. My tip found her instant cream button and she soaked me with juice as she screamed out in pleasure. 

Her cunt rocked against me in the throws of a g-spot orgasm until it caused aftershocks in her pussy. Her glorious pussy clenched down around me one last time before I pulled out and laid her limp sex scented body across the nearest couch. I pulled up the handy throw blanket to cover her beautiful naked body, and kissed her lips just for a heartbeat before I left and repeated the retrieve clothes, get cleaned up, get dressed yet again process. 

This time it was quiet when I came back out, no lights, no anything. Cassie must have gone to bed... I thought about going to my own room but I wasn't ready to sit alone and relive the night just yet. I walked out onto the balcony for some fresh air instead. The view was amazing, the air was cool and nice, but I wanted Cas. All I wanted was her mouth, her hands, and that perfect little ass...I got hard again just thinking about her, and about how I hadn't finished myself off with either of the other girls, holding it all out for Cassie. 

I slid my zipper down and stroked him a little, coaxed him out of mild blue balls, just imagined how the night might have ended with Cassie, when I heard a chuckle from one of the sliding doors leading to the bedrooms. I turned and saw Cassie there all in red, my favorite color. Her beautiful form was wrapped in a bottomless teddy, and nothing but skin.

"The girls not enough for you tonight baby?" She gestured to my hand, which was still rubbing my tool staring at her corset covered tits moving with her breath. She took a few small steps in my direction, so I answered,

" He was holding out for you, hasn't even finished yet...even showered, for you..." Her joking mood fell away and her eyes darkened, I pulled out my hard, thick waiting dick and she leaned back against me, smiling out over the balcony edge. Then she spoke softly, husky. 

"I want to have your dick in my mouth and my snatch...don't disappoint me and you never know what might happen babe." She turned back towards me and her breasts pushed against my chest, my heart raced. Cas's beautiful head dropped kisses down my neck, then my chest, then on down my stomach to settle right above the head of my cock. I heard her whisper, "God I've missed you..." 

But before I could reply in kind her mouth slurped my dick solidly inside, engulfing a hard eight inches in one gulp. All eight inches gone in one perfect swallow. I watched as she repeated the performance, pulling it all the way out then gobbling it down again...no gags, no stops, until her nose met my pelvic bone. Sometimes slowly to torture me; other times instantly, making me shake and grunt, moaning out for her. 

I watched my cock disappear down her talented throat over and over again. It felt so damn good, to good to stop but I pulled her to her feet and away from her study of shaft swallowing one-O-one. " What is it baby? Did I do something wrong?" Cassie continued to hold my penis while I tried to answer her.

"I need to feel your pussy right now!" I growled at her, and squeezed her tits. I ground my cock against her already slippery pussy lips. I reached one hand down and rolled her clit between my thumb and forefinger; back and forth in slow circles. Her body knows my harsh touch and reacted by dousing my fingers and waiting cock. 

" That was a good one wasn't it Cas?" She shook against me and nodded yes. "That must have felt so good babe." She loved it when I talked dirty to her like this, so I kept it up. She kissed me passionately, locking her arms around while I twisted her hard clit, I was in heaven. When she let go she turned, spread her legs, and gripped the balcony. She looked over her shoulder at me and said,

"I need your cock babe...hard, rough, all of it, and now..." I couldn't stop shaking but I guided the tip of my dick to her tight soaked pussy and it was wonderful. So wet and on fire. Cassie worked her ass back against me and I could see the spot she never let me have. I felt bad wanting it while screwing her perfect twat but I couldn't help it. She started slamming into me, clenched and moaning. 

I could feel it coming, so I reached around and teased her clit as I rubbed one quivering tit. Her head fell back to my shoulder as her body exploded around my throbbing dock. I watched her face from the side as her pussy filled with sensation beyond control. Her body recovered quickly, it always did. I moved my cock one tiny bit and it woke her from euphoria. Once she came around her hands strayed between us, I felt her begin pulling me out. I wanted to cum, so bad it had my heart pounding and my breath puffing out of me, I started to protest but she tilted her head back towards me and spoke.
