 Special thanks to 38FSlut for assistance with editing this story.

*****

Cole and I had a very strong connection that could be described as nothing less than atomic. From our first kiss, everything in the world had changed for both of us, including what we thought it meant to have sex. There was a certain amount of franticness about the way we fucked, like something horrible was about to happen and we wouldn't be allowed to have that feeling again.

With Emily, it was different, so very different. Neither of us had been in a proper relationship with a woman before. The extent of our dealings with women had only occurred in threesomes. We decided when we got together that we both wanted a relationship for us, not for the purpose of something adventurous to be done with our men. That is what made the events of what happened between the three of us totally unexpected.

It all started at an early summer BBQ at my place. We'd all had a few drinks, but weren't drunk. We had definitely let go, however, as the sexual innuendo had begun to take over our conversation. After the other guests had left for the night, the three of us started talking about the strange relationship that we had, basically because I was sleeping with both of them and the other one knew about it. There were no complaints though and you could tell that both of Cole and Emily were beginning to bond over the idea of what it was like to be in bed with me.

I decided to go against my personality at that point and be rather bold. I not only wanted to keep sleeping with the both of them, but I wanted to have them together. First, I kissed Cole, gently at first and then with more intensity. I then kissed Emily, playfully and full of passion. I then watched as they locked lips with each other, having it turn me on way more than I was expecting it to. I took their hands in mine and led them both to the bedroom so that we could continue.

As I lay down on the bed, they lay on either side of me, Emily at my left and Cole at my right. I kissed each of them in turn and watched as they kissed each other again, this time harder than the first kiss that they had shared. Eventually, Cole broke the kiss and began to kiss my neck while I was kissing Emily. 

He planted a trail of kisses all the way down to my erect nipple and slowly moved his hand between my legs, he teased me, touching me everywhere but my hot pussy. After this long, tantalizing tease, he finally gave me what I needed. His fingers encircled my engorged clit and I let out a moan. He then travelled even further down and put his fingers slowly in my eager hole. 

My moans then encouraged Emily to take my hard nipple into her mouth, gently nibbling on it, making me cry out more. Then Emily moved her hand to my lower stomach and gently began to stroke my clit while Cole had his fingers inside me, stroking my G-spot. With the intensity of feeling the two of them working together, I thought I may come then and there at the hands of my two beautiful lovers.

I just managed to hold off coming when Cole moved position so that he was now between my legs. He slowly began to run his tongue around my swollen pussy lips, teasing me and driving me wild. Emily was kissing me again and was playing with my nipples with her fingers. When Cole got to my clit, the dripping became a torrent and I could feel my juices dripping down between my legs.

Cole loves giving oral and he was taking his time this time around, teasing me to the point where I could feel myself grinding against his mouth. As I kept gushing, he got more and more turned on and I could feel the vibrations shudder through me as Cole moaned. I knew the sensations meant that I was getting very close.

Emily was the one who pushed me over the edge by grazing my nipple with her teeth, giving me the glorious feeling of a bit of pain to go with the pleasure I was feeling that they both knew I loved so much. My brain just froze at that moment and I felt like the orgasm took over my entire body. My body almost locked up, the only movement being my contracting pussy. Cole entered fingers in me once again and drew the orgasm out even longer, leaving me with no choice besides completely letting loose with the both of them. I felt pleasure across my entire body and knew that I had no more control at that point over my cries or what my body was doing.

I felt greedy and just kept letting myself cum and cum. The intense pleasure caused my orgasm to became almost painful and I came so hard that I was forgetting things like my name or how to breathe properly. Cole eventually stopped licking me and let me come down. I had never had such a wonderfully powerful orgasm in my life. I wasn't able to make a sound and was quiet as I could feel the juices dripping out of my satisfied pussy. 

I knew we weren't done. Even though I'd been greedy in my orgasm, I wanted to make sure that these two people, who I was growing to care for so much, felt as much pleasure as they had just made me feel.

I usually kept to myself with the details of what went on with my partners in the bedroom. I hadn't said much to my girlfriend about just how much my boyfriend enjoyed giving me oral, but I had mentioned that Cole was the best I'd ever had. It was hard for me to describe what it was that was different when he did it besides that he was genuinely enthusiastic. In any case, when I did tell Emily about how much Cole loved going down on me, and how hard he made me come when he did, she was curious. That made it easier to continue with my ideas.

I asked Emily to lay back on the bed and told Cole to stay put. I started focusing on her, kissing her and playing with her beautiful breasts. I spread her legs open slowly and began teasing her with my fingers just as Cole had done to me first. I could feel her getting wetter and told him it was time to go down on her.

I watched as he spread her open and began licking her. I could hear her gasp as she felt his tongue on her for the first time and she realized what I meant when I told her he enjoyed himself when he did it. I continued to play with her breasts and kiss her as I could hear how much he enjoyed himself. I could a familiar moan escape Cole's lips as he lapped at this beautiful woman.

I stopped kissing Emily and moved down the bed so that I could be right next to him. I reached over to feel in between his legs and was not surprised that he was completely hard. I started stroking him slowly at first, but then moving faster as until I could feel him move against my hand, a sign that he wasn't going to be able to last much longer. 

Cole must have stepped up his efforts on Emily's pussy, because I heard her breathing hitch and she began to cry out louder than I was ever able to achieve with her before. I began to hear the familiar sounds of her getting close to her own orgasm. I whispered in Cole's ear to make Emily come and I continued to stroke his rock hard cock with more intensity, feeling the pre-cum on the tip. I watched her beautiful face as she finally cried out and reached orgasm, cumming so hard that she had to beg Cole to stop with a whimper. 

I could tell that he couldn't take much more himself and was very close to coming. I couldn't wait either, so I had him sit on the edge of the bed and got on my knees in front of him. Emily started kissing Cole as I took his dick into my mouth and began sucking. I tried to be as enthusiastic as he always was when he was going down on me, taking him as far as I could without gagging. I'd never been so turned on going down on a guy before.

I was sucking him so hard that my eyes were tearing and my mouth was salivating. He grabbed a handful of hair and was fucking my face, giving me a warning about what was about to happen. Then I could suddenly taste him in my mouth. Unlike how I normally did things, I just let him keep coming in my mouth, trying to swallow as much of his seed as I could manage. I sucked him dry, eventually releasing his half-hard member from my mouth with a sigh. 

As we all lay together afterwards, spent, satisfied and sweaty, we realized that things were shockingly not as awkward between us as we would have assumed. If anything, it all felt very natural to have the three of us together. It was impossible to tell how things were going to develop from there, but we knew that the relationship was forming into something that was much more complex than it was in the beginning of the night.