 As I have noted before my name is Kirsten. I'm twenty-five years old, and I have begun exploring my sexuality for the first time having recently ended a long term relationship. 

At 5'2" about 135 lbs with reddish hair, 32C, and nice curves, I'm attractive, but not a model by any means. I do work out, and my build is more athletic than super curvy. 

You might know from my previous stories that I travel a lot for my job which provides a lot of opportunity to explore new kinks. However, recent trips had been short, hectic, and very busy, leaving me little energy or time to play. 

Frustrated, I left the office early one day, around 2:00pm, thinking I would try to get some things done at home. As I hit the freeway, my mind drifted to other thoughts, and I found myself getting a bit worked up. Although it was out of my way, I remembered an adult bookstore I had driven by in the past but was too scared to check out. But that was then. I was more adventurous now so I drove right by my exit, and 40 minutes later, pulled into the parking lot of Capital News.

I had never been in an adult bookstore, and I was more than a little nervous as I pushed open the door and entered. I was dressed in my typical office attire: black mid length skirt, white blouse, and pumps. I smoothed my skirt as I walked in trying not to look as nervous as I felt.

As I glanced around, I was surprised to see a number of guys browsing the movies. I had anticipated that mid afternoon things would not be as busy. A clerk was sitting behind a high set glass counter which displayed various sex toys. I spent a few minutes checking out the display, and then the rows of DVD, all the while conscious that the guys in the store had now noticed the young, attractive woman in the store. 

I worked my way over to the entrance to the halls with the video booths. Feeling pretty embarrassed, I ducked through the entrance, and quickly entered a booth a few doors down. I giggled at myself, and dug a few dollar bills out of my purse feeding them into the machine. A video started showing a woman on her hands and knees getting fucked front and back by two rather large blacks guys. I had never been with a black guy before, and I was entranced with the images.

I was very turned on, and I was getting very wet. Pulling up my skirt, I slipped my hand into my panties to caress my pussy. I was starting to get a good rhythm going, humping my hand gently, when I noticed holes on each side of the booth. I slowed down fingering myself as I thought I saw guys looking through each of the holes at me!

I don't know what I really expected, but I do know that I was very turned on by the thought of being watched. I slipped off my skirt and panties to allow better access to play and to be seen. I had just started playing with myself again as a cock pushed through one of the holes. Without giving it much thought, I dropped to my knees, and I started stroking the cock. I toyed with him a bit before, stroking slower than faster before stopping to take off my blouse and bra. I heard a loud groan when I stopped, but I just whispered, "Just a second".

Naked in the booth except for my heels, I resumed playing with the stranger's dick.

Within no time, I heard a voice hiss, "Suck it!"

I had recently discovered that being told what to do really turned me on, so without hesitation, I took the cock deep in my mouth. I heard a loud moan as I continued to suck. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw another cock emerge from the hole on the other side of the booth. I took the new cock in my hand as I continued to suck on the first one. In no time, I felt the cock in my mouth become very stiff and start to spasm. Cum shot into my mouth and then onto my face as I pulled away in surprise. Meanwhile, the other guy came came hard, shooting all over my tits as I continued to pump his cock.

The guys pulled their cocks back through the holes as I heard a light knock at the door. I was a little scared but I was also so fucking turned on and horny! I turned the lock on the door, and a guy pushed his way in. I started to hesitate, but he spun me around roughly to face the video screen. Pressing on my shoulders and back with one hand, he bent me over, spreading my legs with his other hand. I was nervous as I heard his zipper zip, shaking a bit as I waited for him to fuck me. One hand firmly on my back to keep me in position, he pressed the head of his cock into my pussy. 

He didn't wait for me to get used to him. He just grabbed my hips, pulling me back as he slammed into me in one stroke. I cried out, but I was also so wet that he was able to plunge in all the way without much resistance. I looked back over my shoulder, and I could see that the door was standing wide open with a number of guys standing around watching me get fucked. Just the whole situation sent my mind reeling, spinning me off into a massive orgasm. I squealed, grunted, and moaned as I was fucked harder and harder. When I thought I couldn't take much more, the guy pulled out spraying his load all over my back. 

Before I could stand up, I felt more hands on my back to keep me bent over. I started to protest; however, another cock slammed into my pussy before I could say anything, causing me to emit a little scream as he bottomed out. As I was getting fucked for the second time, another guy worked his work into the booth. He pushed my face to his crotch, rubbing his stiff cock again my lips.

"Open your mouth slut."

I obeyed, and another stranger's cock slid into my mouth. They both pounded me without mercy, and I rolled into another massive orgasm. As the second orgasm washed over me, I could hardly stand up as I was roughly fucked front and back. Soon I felt them both tensing, and they shot huge a loads into my pussy and my mouth. Then they pulled out, zipped out, and left. And just like that it was over. 

I quickly shut the door and locked it. I was quivering, barely able to stand, and I was almost in tears from the sheer tension of the whole situation. Once I regained some composure, dressed, and straightened myself up as best I could, a wicked smile crossed my face. I had pushed some boundaries, and although I was pretty scared and nervous, it was an incredible experience. I walked out into the main store, and the clerk smiled at me as I walked past telling me I was welcome back anytime. Maybe someday.