 I'd be angry if I were not turned on so much.

We'd been at dinner at my Mistress' favorite sushi restaurant and martini bar. She and I were giddy from two martinis each, and my Master was laughing at our growing silliness.

He stopped laughing when I bumped my Mistress' third martini as I reached for a bite of the cheesecake we'd been sharing. My Master reached for the glass too late. The lemon drop martini tipped backward, soaking the crotch of my Mistress' pants. She shrieked from the cold shock. I gasped.

"I like it when you get me wet," my Mistress said, "but this isn't what I expected."

I laughed, trying to cover my nerves.

"Aren't those your new pants?" He asked her.

"Yep," she said while she wiped her crotch with her napkin.

"I'm sorry, Mistress," I said after looking around to make sure no one else would hear.

"You're forgiven," she said, but there was a hint of something else to come.

"But you'll need to be punished," my Master said. He looked across the table at my Mistress. "I think another night in the chair is in order."

She nodded. I quivered in my seat. I couldn't finish my share of the cheesecake.

They were silent the entire ride home and even as they took me upstairs to the chair. It is a simple wide padded chair with cushioned arms. My Mistress draped a cool white sheet over it. My fingers wouldn't stop twitching.

"Strip," my Master said as he unbuttoned his shirt.

We all stripped, but they waited until I was done to finish removing their clothes. They took their time, leaving me with nothing to do but stand nude and trembling with excitement.

The trembling stopped as my Mistress sat in the chair. I had expected to be put in the chair and fucked to every extent of every whim, but now my Mistress sat before me. She stroked her body, giving care to her nipples and thighs. She squeezed her breasts together and pushed them up at me like she was presenting two sweet apples on a platter.

"Why don't you come here and kiss these?" She said.

I almost dove atop her. My tongue licked over her chest. I nibbled her nipples and kissed the base of her neck. I worked my way down to her pussy, already open and wet for me, but my Master yanked me back by the shoulders.

He had my hands cuffed behind my back and a handkerchief gagging my mouth before I could mutter much of a protest.

"She asked you to kiss them," he said as he tied the handkerchief behind my head. "Not drool all over them."

He spanked me. Once. I almost came. He held onto my hair while his other hand, holding a vibrating silver egg, slid down my back, over my ass, and onto my pussy. My hips shot back at him as he pushed the egg into me from behind. I wanted his cock in there, pounding into me while she came on my face, but I knew I'd have to wait.

He bent me over her knee. My tits wrapped around her thigh. I had a close view of her fingers rubbing her clit and dipping deep into her cunt. I wanted to lick her until she couldn't stop coming, but all I could do was watch her fuck herself as the vibrator hummed inside me. She looked into my begging eyes as she tasted her fingers. My Master knelt between her knees and licked a slow slurp along her seam. I whined through the gag. I should have been the one tasting her. I needed to clean her since I had spilled the drink on her. It was my duty. I was almost angry with him for enjoying this treat while all I could do was watch and feel the vibrator shake my thighs and pussy. I wanted to be angry, but I was turned on too much.

He pulled the soaked gag out of my mouth and kissed me. The taste of her on him sent me into frenzy, and I licked at him like a thirsty cat at a bowl of water. He put the gag back in and then pulled me back so I sat on my heels. His hard cock nudged between my buttocks. I wanted him in my ass or my pussy, but not as much as I wanted my tongue in my Mistress' cunt.

He played with my tits, clit, and ass while he knelt behind me. She stood up and walked to me so her wet pussy was in front of my face. The vibrator's relentless buzzing stopped. I was surprised to hear myself whimper not with relief, but longing for it to resume. She walked out of my sight, and he pulled the vibrator out of me. I bounced a bit atop my heels in protest. He pulled the gag out and replaced it with the warm, slippery egg. I sucked my come from it as he pulled on my nipple ring.

My belly quivered, but not from his attention. My Mistress had fetched her strap-on cock and brought it to the chair. The sight of it held in her hand like a truncheon, and all it implied, was enough to get me shaking.

"I'll take that," she said, and then pulled the silver egg from my mouth. She put the egg on the chair and then slowly snapped the strap-on around her hips. She picked up the egg, sat back in the chair, and then draped one leg over a chair arm. I watched, still held by my Master, as she pushed the egg into her pussy. She turned the dial on the egg's remote control. She gasped, smiled, and nodded at him.

"Uncuff her," she said. He unlocked the handcuffs. I wanted to pounce on her, but I knew better. She half-smiled, half-snarled at me. "Now crawl over here and suck my cock."

I crawled, keeping my head down until her latex cock brushed my forehead. I could hear the muffled hum of the vibrator inside her. I licked up the shaft of her cock, keeping my eyes on her as I swirled my tongue around it and let her push it into my cheeks. I squeezed her thighs and slid my wet mouth down her cock. Her pussy was close, so close. I nudged forward with my mouth. My thumbs pulled her open. My tongue reached for her clit.

I yelped as my Master's hand cracked my ass. I sprang upright. He grabbed a handful of my hair and, standing behind me, shoved his cock into my mouth.

"Patience," he said. He held my face around his cock and glared down at me. I dared not look away. "No pussy for you until she says so." He pulled me to my feet and led me to my Mistress. She held her strap-on cock at the ready.

"Get on," he said.

I straddled her. The first plunge down onto her pushed the breath from me. I clutched the back of the chair and let out a long, shaking scream as I came. She slapped my ass and I started bouncing, just as I'd been trained. Her mouth was on my tits, then on my neck, then grunting with approval. My mind swayed back and forth between consciousness and dreaming as I nuzzled her neck and rocked my pussy on her toy cock.

I was floating in a warm ocean. I was lying on cool beach sand.

I was on the floor of the bedroom. They'd lowered me to the floor. My Mistress was atop me, pumping her strap-on cock into me with fast thrusts that rocked my hips up and pushed my knees to her shoulders. I slapped at the floor and tried to squirm away from her and the fire in my belly I couldn't escape.

She pulled me by my hair to my knees. My Master was in the chair. We were on either side of him. She rubbed my face over his hard cock. She let me lick and slurp at him for only a moment before jerking me away.

"Do you want that big cock in your mouth?" She asked.

"Yes," I said as she tugged my hair some more. She pulled me into a rough tongue kiss, and then shoved my face back down on his cock. She spanked me as I licked him. I tried to wrap my lips around him, but she pulled me away before I could get all of him in my mouth. She rubbed his cock over my lips, keeping him away just enough so I couldn't get my mouth around him.

She slapped my ass and loosened her grip on my hair. I gulped down on his cock. I was starving for it by now. I slurped and licked and sucked while she squeezed his balls and my ass. 

"You want that come?" My Mistress asked as she yanked me off him by the hair. 

"Yes!" I yelled, shuddering as a quick orgasm ripped through my hot cunt.

She wrapped her lips around his cock, slurping and sucking as she held me close enough to get the tip of my tongue on him, but that was it. I moaned for more, begged for more. She let me go and we kissed and slurped around his cock. He groaned in appreciation, stroking our hair and tickling our faces. We felt his thighs tighten. He stopped stroking our heads and grabbed them.

She pulled me away just before he came. I cried out in protest, but she held me away as he filled her mouth with come. She never took her eyes from mine.

Then she popped her mouth off him and pulled me into a deep kiss. His come gushed from her mouth into mine. It oozed from the corners of our mouths. It dripped back onto his cock and ran down my chin. Our faces were sticky messes. My body jerked as another lightning-strike orgasm pounded me from the inside out. My Mistress broke the kiss. I gasped for air. She licked a streak of come from my face. She had yet to let go of my hair. My Master, still a bit shaky, managed to stand up and walk behind us. My Mistress stood and walked to the chair, pulling me along on my hands and knees with her.

"You've been a good girl," she said. She let go of my hair so she could unsnap the strap-on cock and toss it aside. She pulled the egg from her soaked cunt. She danged it over my face and let me lick at it. She handed it to my Master and then sat in the chair and spread her legs over the arms for me. "It's time for your reward."

The first touch of my tongue to her clit made me come. She pinched her nipples as she rocked up to meet my face. I lapped at her like my life depended on it; because at that moment, it did. She stroked my hair as I loved her pussy with my sticky mouth. She bit her lip and scratched my aching scalp as he plunged his cock into me from behind. 

He slapped my ass and started pounding me. I slurped at her wet puss as best I could. My world was nothing but warm flesh, pussy, come, and cock. I knew nothing else. I wanted nothing else. She pulled me away now and then, asking if I liked eating pussy and if she tasted good. Her words were far away, like they were shouted across a canyon or spoken through a candlestick phone. 

He grabbed my hips so he could push deeper into me. She held my hair in both hands, pulling me against her by two pigtails she'd created. Her hips bucked and bounced, smearing her cunt over my face as she came. Her cries were deep echoes in my head. I was floating once more. I screamed as hot oil stung my back. I looked back to see my Master coming all over my ass.

We slept deep and on the floor not far from the chair. I woke once from a half-dream when I thought my Master was fucking me from behind, but I realized he was snuggling against me. I smiled, kissed my Mistress' cheek, and then lied back down so I could dream of more "accidents" I could case to earn another night in the chair.