 One night in a nightclub...

A handsome guy, seeming to appear out of nowhere, suddenly was in front of Gabby smiling at her.

"Hi, my name is Adam." he said with a gleam in his eye. "You look real cute ... I was hoping I could dance with you." He was staring at Gabby up and down and looking very cool.

Gabby looked at this new Adam and gave him a lovely innocent smile. "My boyfriend has just gone to the toilet - you will have to ask him." she told Adam with a cheeky smile on her lips.

Just at that moment Guy reappeared with a fresh Jameson and a swagger. "Hello." he said to Adam after a quick glance at the sexy Gabby.

"This is Adam, Guy. He was just introducing himself." stated Gabby slipping her arm around Guy's waist and fixing Adam eyes. "And he would like a dance."

"I see." said Guy giving Gabby a knowing look. "I can let you have one dance with my sexy little girl. Then you must bring her straight back here to me. Understood?"

"Yes, of course." said Adam, too eager to show his gratitude.

At that moment, Dirty by Christine A. came on the sound system and the club starting jumping.

"Off you go then." said Guy grabbing both Gabby and Adam and propelling them towards the dance floor. "Have fun!" Guy called after them with a mischievous smirk on his face. He sat at a table near the dance floor, sipped on his drink and watched the new couple start to dance.

The music pumped as Gabby and Adam took to the floor. They danced close but did not touch each other and he made sure that he could see Guy at all times to see if he was watching. Guy was watching - intently.

The song ended as it was merged into the next number and the dancing couple duly returned to where Guy was standing at the bar. Gabby was smiling sweetly while the stranger had a slightly wary look on his face.

"Fun?" said Guy. "Of course." replied Adam somewhat curtly.

"Well. You can dance to another if you like. I wanted to tell you though that you can dance closer with Gabby if you like. She enjoys a little dirty dancing." winked Guy.

"Cool..." said the man looking from Guy to Gabby and then back to Guy again.

"But only one song - then back here." ordered Guy placing the two new friend's hands together and ushering them in the direction of the dance floor. Gabby took the cue and led them into the crowd on the dance floor but close to Guy's position so he could see the two of them as he leant against the bar.

As they started to dance "Rock with You" by Justin Timberlake filled the club with sound. Some people in the crowd whooped and hollered as the crowd on the dance floor swelled to the new music.

"So we can dance a little closer, hey?" said Adam as he danced in front of Gabby.

"That's right." smiled Gabby and placed her hand around behind his hips and drew him gently against her body.

"Oooo - you are naughty." said the stranger as put his hands on her waist and held her in tight. He made sure that he kept his eye on Guy as he moved his body up and down against Gabby's with their bodies locked tight. Gabby swayed her hands in the air now to the music as he pumped his body against hers and then bent his knees lowering himself towards the floor hugging Gabby's waist, then thighs and knees eventually.

Guy took a sip from his Jameson's and grinned as he watched the new couple get more and more friendly. He loved Saturday nights at clubs like this with Gabby.

The music pumped and so did the new friends. Body against body they danced in silence as they ran their hands over each other's waists, backs and arms with their hips seemingily locked together. Adam turned Gabby around so that her small arse cuddled into his pelvis with his hands on her hips pulling into him tight. Facing away from the stranger Gabby could see Guy and she gave him a wild smile as she could start to feel the man's cock pressed against her. It felt hard and seemed to be getting harder.

The song came to an end and another one started so the dirty dancing couple left the floor and made their way back to the bar. Guy had a large smile on his face as did the dancers.

"You make a good couple." said Guy as Gabby left the strangers side, stood next to Guy and put her arm around him drawing in tight. Guy squeezed her into him and let his hand fall down her back, over her arse and under her skirt to gently rub her between her legs. It was wet down there.

The stranger looked a real mix of nervousness and horniness and didn't seem to be able to say anything at this stage. He just alternated between staring hungrily at Gabby and quizzically at Guy.

Guy considered the emerging tent in the front of the guy's trousers and after a while offered "Would you like to take another dance with this beautiful young lady, my friend?"

Adam looked very relieved and nodded excitedly and went to take Gabby's free hand. As he took her hand Guy stopped him by putting his hand on his shoulder and said "There is something else I want to tell you though before this dance."

The man froze looking nervously at Guy. The three of them formed a strange triangle with the man holding one of Gabby's hands, Gabby with her other arm around Guy and Guy with his hand on the strangers shoulder.

"Darling Gabby here," said Guy with heavy breath "is not wearing any panties tonight." And with that he pulled up Gabby's short black shirt quickly to reveal her shaven, cute, pink triangle for half a second. As they were crowded into the bar area only the two guys could see Gabby's sex. The stranger let out a small gasp as the erection of his trouser tent was completed in its full glory.

"And now I think you guys should dance again." said Guy. He gave Gabby a peck on the cheek and then guided her to the dance floor with a gentle push on her back.

Gabby led the way taking the stranger with her as they were still holding hands. She was flush now with hotness having had the stranger have a peek at her pussy. It was very wet down there now and she was ready to be held close again on the dance floor. What she really wanted now though was something in her pussy. She did not have to wait long.

They had only made their way onto the fringe of the dance floor when a dance remix of "Do You Think I'm Sexy" started blasting the party club. Taking this cue the couple fell into each other's arms and their hips locked together immediately as they resumed their positions from the last dance they shared. The difference was that the stranger now took his right hand of her hip and slipped it between the two of their bodies, under her skirt and started rubbing her pussy. As the two of them danced very close together others could not tell the extent of their dirty dance.

But Guy knew what would be happening and he relaxed at the bar watching the two of them. His own large cock was rigid now and he thought if anyone looked in his direction that would be sure to see it swollen pushing through his thin linen trousers proudly.

Every part of Gabby's body seemed to be tingling as they moved to the music as one. He nibbled her ear and kissed her neck as they danced always holding her very tight to his body. His fingers were probing and rubbing her pussy greedily. First one finger in her sex and then two. He gently rubbed her arse hole with another finger and then pushed three fingers into her wet hole now as they danced tightly together.

It felt wonderful to be in a sea of people with a full pussy. She had her arms hugged around him and was pressing her head against his chest as he explored her pussy on the dance floor. The strangers cock was rock hard and it pressed into Gabby near her belly button. The sensation of fingers playing with her pussy and arse and a hard cock pushing into her stomach was delicious and she let out a small moan. 

The song drew to its end and then the music stopped for a moment as the DJ made some announcement about discounted drinks in the garden bar. The naughty couple stopped, drew apart and looked into each other's eyes. Gabby took the man's hand that had been playing with her and slipped a couple of his fingers into her mouth while she stared at him, sucking her own pussy juice in. Then, still holding his hand, she led him off the floor and back to the bar where Guy was waiting with a large smile and a hard cock of his own.

Once again Gabby drew in tight to Guy and put an arm around his waist. But this time she did not let go of the strangers hand as Guy reached around behind her again to rub her pussy under her skirt. The three of them stood close together now packed in the crowd near the bar and all had pleasant little smiles on their faces.

"She is a sexy girl, hey?" said Guy to which the stranger could only but nod. His hips were swaying still in time to the music and he had only eyes for Gabby.

Guy lent into Gabby and gave her a gentle tongue kiss. He played softly with her tongue as he stroked her hot pussy lightly out of sight. "Time to give your new friend a small kiss too." he whispered into her ear after a short time.

Gabby smiled and her face reddened a little. She was so hot and horny now. She left her arm around Guy but leant towards the stranger and pulled him closer with his hand and gave him a short sharp tongue kiss. He kissed her back eagerly as their tongues tangled passionately.

"Now" said Guy as Gabby pulled back from the kiss still holding the man's hand and hugging Guy "it seems only fair that since you saw Gabby's pussy that she should be able to have a look at your cock. Gabby - help yourself."

Gabby withdrew her arm from around Guy and stood a little closer to the stranger. She wanted to see his cock now, to hold it in her hands so she could feel its hardness and its warmth. Guy crowded them in a little so that they were all in very close proximity so that no one else in the bar could see what was happening.

Gabby let the man's hand fall and she placed both hands on the front of his jeans. She could feel his hard cock underneath and she teased him by rubbing her hands over it and his balls below as they stood close together. Then she gently, softly took hold of the zip and pulled it down. She did not need to undo the buckle to get at what she wanted so she threaded her small hand through his fly and found his stiff bar straight away. He did not seem to be wearing underwear.

She squeezed it firmly and delighted in its hardness and warmth. It felt so nice in Gabby's hand and she could imagine what it would feel like in her mouth and pussy. Now she wanted to see it so she pulled it towards her gently and popped it out through his jeans so that it stood protruding out staring excitedly at the ceiling. 

She looked down at it as they stood huddled there at the bar. She used both her hands to cup it now and she held it and enjoyed the sight and feeling of a stranger's cock in a club. It was a sexy pink colour and hard as a rock now. It was a long penis with a slender shaft and a large head. Gabby could have a lot of fun with a cock like that she thought. The three of them stood there for what seemed a long time. Gabby held and squeezed the strangers cock while he stood there in extasy with 

Guy was watching on with a smile, a hard on and his hand still rubbing Gabby's pussy.

After a while Guy whispered into Gabby's ear "Would you like to suck him off?" Gabby looked at Guy and then back down at the hard cock in her hands. She rubbed it and squeezed with enthusiasm and then nodded her head at Guy. The look of sex was on her face and she was way into the heat of the erotic moment. "Well I want you to tell him then." said Guy as he considered his sexy young charge.

Gabby smiled, she would normally be a too embarrassed to say that to anyone let alone a stranger in a bar but the heat of the moment and her dripping pussy carried her through. She leaned into the man, bit his ear gently and told him "I really want to suck your cock ... right now."

"Right then" said Guy "Let's get out of here."

They strode out of the club with Guy leading the way holding Gabby's hand. Adam followed closely behind. They turned left out of the club and began walking along the street. They were silent and very horny. 

"I think this looks like a likely place." remarked Guy and lead the others down a small side street which then hooked back around behind the office buildings that lined the streets in that area. The night was dark and heavy as lighting was minimal in the back alley. There was enough moonlight though to gently illuminate the scene. Guy came to a stop near the back entrance of a closed down restaurant and the three made an excited huddle.

Guy looked quietly at Gabby and then gently pushed her back so that she took a step into Adams arms. The new couple crushed together hungrily locked at the lips, chest and pelvis. Gabby placed her arms around Adam's torso and Adam allowed his hands to run over Gabby's body. His hands, inevitably, came to a halt on her tight dainty arse. Here we squeezed and caressed her while the two kissed madly, greedily. 

Guy took a couple of steps back and watched the horny couple contentedly. He placed his hand on his swollen cock and then unzipped his jeans and took his hard love pump out and started stroking it. He loved watching the scene of sexy Gabby being intimate with this stranger in a dark back alley. 

Gabby and Adam mashed into each other kissing passionately - their urgency for each other fuelled by the dancing in the club and now by the exciting rush of playing with each other in an alley at the back of the club. 

It seemed Adam could not contain himself any longer and he drew away slightly from Gabby and started fumbling with his fly. Soon his rock hard cock was out in the fresh night air and pointing right at Gabby. She took it in her hands and looked at it lovingly. It felt so nice and warm - hard and strong. She loved to feel it in her hands - to get an idea of what sort of cock it was and wondered how it would feel in her mouth and then her pussy. And his cum - what would that taste like? Gabby was going to find out!

Adam drew back for a second and took a step up sideways so that he now stood on a low loading dock. It was only half a metre tall so that where he now stood his exposed cock was right on the same level as Gabby's mouth. Easy cock access for the horny cock slut. This was heaven. 

She wrapped her hands around the stranger's hard prick and stroked it gently whilst bringing herself closer and closer. She pulled the skin on it as far back as possible and then licked the tip of it with her tongue. She was delighted by the taste of cock and her pussy was getting even wetter - her juices were now starting to make a small trickle out of her naked pussy and down her leg. 

She licked the head of the cock teasing it, enjoying the taste of a new dick. She loved how they all tasted slightly different and it was always interesting to taste a guy for the first time. 

She liked the way this stranger tasted and so she could not wait any longer but grabbed Adam around the waist and swallowed his cock whole. She took it all into her mouth and the large head pressed against the back of her throat. She tried to keep as much cock in her mouth as possible as she moved her lips and tongue up and down the fat shaft. Adam had placed his hands on the back of her head so that while she sucked on his hard rod he fucked her face at the same time. 

The two lovers made a beautiful sight in the dark evening and Guy's eyes were wide open as he took in the scene. There was little sexy Gabby hungrily sucking on a strangers cock while he thrust that hard member in and out of her mouth as he stood above her. Gabby's hair flipped back and forth during the action whilst the look on Adams face can only be described as raw bliss.

Guy took a couple of steps up to them and started stroking Gabby's pussy again underneath her short skirt, playing with the folds of her pretty pink pussy. It was so wet and Guy smiled as he touched her and felt a sexy swamp down there. He rubbed the outside of her lips and then rubbed her bud sharply and roughly before he started again to feed fingers inside her. 

Gabby barely noticed Guy's attention so focused on sucking cock was she. The realisation that someone was playing with her pussy slowly dawned and she spread her legs a little to give Guy a better angle. Three fingers were now buried in her pussy and Guy was using his other hand to rub her clit madly. Gabby started to moan with a mouth stuffed full of cock which to a man is about the sexy sound that you can hear. 

The stranger obviously thought so as when he heard Gabby groaning he started to moan himself and then he said huskily "Arrrh -- I am going to cum! Oh my god."

Gabby did not say anything and she certainly did not take his dick out of her mouth. In fact she sucked it harder and took her hands of his waist and wrapped one around the very base and with the other she cupped his balls and started to squeeze them as he continued to pump her mouth with his primed shaft. His hands were now gripping her head strongly and his cock was bouncing around inside her mouth - in and out. She sucked it hard with all her might. She squeezed the shaft and milked his balls. 

She wanted his cum and she wanted it now. And she got it. A second later the strangers cock exploded inside her mouth and long warm streams of cum jettisoned out of his cock and deep into Gabby's mouth. His cock spasmed violently and his hands gripped savagely on the side of her head. Gabby could only feel the warm hard cock in her mouth and the delightful feeling of even warmer cum filling her mouth. Adam pumped his cock down the back of her throat a couple more times and then stood there motionless letting out a long, low sigh with his hands now placed gently on Gabby's shoulders. 

Gabby was delighted. Not only did she have a stranger's lovely cock in her mouth but now it was also full of her favourite drop - hot spunk. She rolled her tongue around the tip that was touching the back of her throat and then she slowly removed the wilting cock from her mouth making sure to suck of all the juices as she went collecting it all in her mouth. Slowly she took it out of her mouth and it slowly popped out eventually with a long line of drawn out cum still attached to the tip leading back to her sexy mouth. 

She rolled the cum around in her mouth - he had really let a lot go and she loved the feeling of it. Now she knew what Guy wanted to see. She found he was standing right next to her looking intently at all she did. So she gave a small smile and then opened her mouth and showed Guy all the cum that she had just let the stranger dump there. It was an awesome sight to see such a hot, young girl with a mouthful of a strange man's cum. She opened up her mouth wide to show Guy and then pursed her lips and started to blow some cum bubbles. Guy loved all this cum play and he was feverishly pulling on his own cock as he watched Gabby indulge them both. She let a little of it spill out onto her chin and this was the look that Guy liked most of all. Then after quite a while of Gabby showing off her cum haul Guy said "OK - time for you to swallow it and thank the nice man." 

At that Gabby gulped it all down in one go. She closed her eyes as she enjoyed both the feeling and taste of the load of cum sliding down her throat. Adams cum had a unique taste and it well pleased Gabby's cum taste buds. She smile sweetly at the two men as it all slid down. Then, licking her lips she purred "Thank you for the hot cum load Mister!" Gabby giggled as she said that making the splodge of cum on her chin wobbly back and forth. Mindful to swallow any and all cum on offer she scooped the cum with her finger into her mouth and polished it all off. "Yum." said Gabby. 

"Yum." said Guy.

"Wow." said Adam.