 Gavin had had quite a time in Vegas. As he grabbed his belongings from the conveyor belt at the baggage check and stepped outside, he realized how sorry he was that he'd never be able to tell anyone about it. While his adventures had nothing to do with winning millions or being chased by the Mafia, he was still confident his story was one of the more wild ones to hit The Strip since it was built.

Looking for his sister, Alana, who had been on the trip with him, he kept watch for the limo that was supposed to pick them up. Alana had won the trip for two to Vegas, and had been nice enough to bring her 18 year old baby brother along. She had planned to spend the vacation hooking up with strangers, and hadn't wanted a boyfriend or girlfriend around to get in the way or feel left out. So she had brought Gavin, with the idea being that he was someone she felt comfortable sharing a room with, yet knew he'd stay out of her way.

The limo was part of the vacation package. Gavin should have been excited at the idea of one more fun thing to do before the trip officially ended. But all he could think about was that it had, indeed, ended. What had happened back in Nevada was absolutely mind-blowing, but as the saying goes—what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. In Gavin's case, that meant his secrets, and any relationships he might have developed.

He was more than bummed out on that note, and when he finally saw his sister with her bags, smiling big without a care in the world, she only reminded him of how unhappy he was. She had been particularly talkative during the last leg of the flight, talking of all things nonsense. She was almost too cheery, which didn't help Gavin's mood one bit.

He didn't know if he could stand a ten minute limo ride with her.

"Gavin? Hey, Gav!" a voice called out from the mass of travelers and cars lining the pick-up route.

Gavin turned to the voice, recognizing his friend Jim before he even saw him. Jim was a friend from high school. Not a great friend, or even necessarily a very good friend—they had rarely hung out outside of school, and had never exchanged phone numbers. After graduation, Jim had moved away like most everyone else in the senior class had--except Gavin. That gave Gavin a summer without friends, which had actually turned out to be the greatest summer of his life.

But that's another story. Or several stories...

Feeling as he did now, however, Gavin was glad to hear the familiar voice. He saw Jim and raised his arms.

"Jim! Holy shit, man! What are you doing in town?"

Jim explained that college wasn't going so well. That didn't surprise Gavin—Jim hadn't been much of a student in any course. Jim also revealed that he still lived with his parents, since they had moved close to his college.

"So when I wanna get away," Jim explained, "I come back here. My folks are always asking questions about what I'm doing if I'm not back with them, you know? Always ridin' me and shit. But I come back here and they're cool with it."

"Why are they cool with you coming here?"

"My aunt and uncle live up here. And my parents think they're just like them. You know, all strict. They think my uncle Carl is a good influence, and it's good that we're friends."

"I take it he's not, though," Gavin grinned.

"No, my uncle's cool. He's no bad ass. He just knows he's gotta let me do my thing, you know? So he covers for me. Just warns me not to get in any big trouble."

"So no drugs?" Gavin laughed.

"No, no man. I'm off all that shit. Well, most of it. I'm off cigarettes, too."

Gavin couldn't believe it. Jim had always been high on one thing or another on the weekends through high school. But even as he confessed, Jim seemed to have a firmer grasp of his self. Good for him, Gavin thought.

"Funny thing is," Jim added. "On those rare times when I do get some shit, I'm at home in the fuckin' garage when I do it!" And he laughed and laughed.

"So what kind of trouble do you not get into at your uncle's?" Gavin asked.

"Drinkin', mostly. Got myself a killer fake I.D. You got one too, right?"

Gavin shrugged, "Actually, I've never needed one. As long as I don't get too bold or too drunk, the bartenders around here are usually cool with me."

Jim smiled big at that. "Well, shit, man. That's cool. I gotta be the only guy who drives five hours back to his high school town to drink because he can't get away with it in college. So yeah, I do a lot of drinking. But more than that is the girls, man."

"Yeah," Gavin said with a sly grin. He, too, had found no shortage of attractive women in town over the past few months. "I know what you mean."

"We were all so hung up on the girls in our class that we never even noticed all the pussy everywhere else here, man. Did you know this town has one single man to every four single women?"

"Really?"

"Yeah, it's something like that. That's four ladies for every dude. At least. And that's just this town. I'm not countin' all the small towns around us. Drive a little ways and you're in a whole new market—oh, hey. Is that your sister?"

Gavin turned toward the direction of Jim's suddenly very concentrated gaze. Alana was there, and she had found the limo. The driver was helping her with her bags.

"Yeah," Gavin said. "We just—"

"Vegas. Yeah, I heard. That's cool she brought you, man. She must be a real cool sister. That's why I'm not goin' on and on about how fuckin hot she is. Out of respect, you know?"

Jim intended that as a joke, which made it much less offensive than if his ignorance had been lost on himself. Still, Gavin was well aware that several of his friends had fantasies involving his sister. Fortunately, none had made them reality.

"Well, I better get going then," Gavin said, turning away slowly.

"Oh wait, wait, man," Jim said. "Why don't you come with me? Tell me about Vegas, man. Tell me about all that juicy pussy you fucked."

Gavin gave Jim a frustrated glance. "I didn't actually do much..."

Jim looked like he'd just been shot. "What the hell do you mean? You hit something out there, right?"

"Well," Gavin smiled, remembering Kay, the only interesting stranger he'd met on the trip. "Yeah, I met one girl."

"That's more like it. So come with me. I'm picking up my aunt here. She's flying in from her folks' place. We can drop her off, then go barhoppin' all night. I know some ladies that are definitely up for some wild shit when I'm in town. All we gotta do is find 'em."

Gavin weighed the options of going with his sister, who, especially after that long flight, he could use time away from, and the possibilities Jim was offering.

And Jim won, hands down.

Gavin didn't even bother telling his sister in person. He called her up on his cell phone, and let her know what was up. She wasn't at all put out, and even encouraged him. Then Gavin watched the limo pull away.

"This is sweet, man," Jim said as they waited for his aunt. "Just wait until you meet these girls tonight. Blow your mind, man. And more than that!" He laughed hysterically. "And just think. The vacation doesn't end till you get home, so later, when someone asks how many women you had on your Vegas trip, you can say three! Or four!"

"Four?" Gavin said, astonished. "Are we having an orgy?"

Jim just smiled. "Oh, we will. If we play our cards right, man...we will."

Apparently someone didn't play their cards right. Gavin didn't know if it was his presence that screwed things up, or if Jim was just full of shit, but they met several teases and no real prospects for the kind of night Jim had promised. In fact, the one girl that Jim had found was an old "playmate"—Jim's term for a girl he fucked on nights like these, and then wouldn't see or hear from again for a few weeks. 

Her name was Cindy, and she was an extremely thin, and very tall Latina. She was attractive, but she had, in Jim's words, "the personality of a door." But get her in bed, he laughed, "and it's one hell of a door you can bang all night long".

The bars had closed by the time they found Cindy, and so the chances of finding another girl were slim.

"I don't mean to be rude," Jim had said to Gavin, "but you had sex on your vacation a few days ago, or maybe yesterday, even, right? And I, well, it's been over a week for me. If it was the other way around, I don't care if the chick came on to me first and she was the hottest thing on the planet. I'd let you take her. But, you know..."

"Yeah," Gavin said, not really hurt at all. He knew Jim meant a lot by what he'd said, no matter how weird or awful it sounded. And he knew Jim was dead seriously honest about his pledge, too. 

Gavin hoped he could find a cab, as they were the only ones left still on the street.

"I better get home," Gavin said, walking to the curb. "I'll leave you two alone."

"Hey, whoa! Don't go, man!" Jim called back. "Don't give up on me yet."

Gavin turned around to hear Jim's case. Jim explained that Cindy had lost her friends earlier in the night at another bar. She was expecting to hear from one of them soon, and she would definitely invite the girl over for Gavin.

"Besides," Jim said, smiling. "I got your suitcase in my trunk."

And now Gavin was at Jim's place, or rather Jim's aunt and uncle's place—a big two bedroom house in a quiet neighborhood. Gavin sat in the dark in the study as he tried to ignore the sounds coming from the guest room, where Jim and Cindy had disappeared five minutes ago. He knew he should just leave. It was past 3AM. If Cindy's friend was going to call, she would have. But on the way home, Jim had told Gavin that Cindy might agree to "seconds" after he was done with her. Gavin would not normally consider such an offer, but tonight it seemed a viable option.

Maybe it was the drinks, off which he was pleasantly buzzing. Or maybe just being with Jim, hearing his stories and concentrating on nothing but finding good "playmates" all night, had had more of an effect on Gavin than expected. Either way, Gavin was surprisingly horny, considering the weekend he'd just had that should have left him too worn out to even get an erection.

And now he was listening to Cindy's very loud and very sexy moans and groans and screams. Right now, Gavin just didn't have the willpower to simply walk away.

While he waited, he tried putting his mind on other things. He couldn't help being horny, but in case nothing happened tonight, he didn't want to be too worked up. He wondered how Jim really got away with all this, considering how loud and careless he was while being a guest in his uncle's house. How did he know his aunt and uncle wouldn't be here when he brought back, potentially, three women in typical bar slut gear? And with all that noise coming through the walls, how would he hear them if they suddenly came home?

Maybe they really were okay with all this. If so, Jim might just have the coolest aunt and uncle on the planet. Perhaps they had a prearranged deal. Maybe, on nights Jim was over and went to the bars, his aunt and uncle would have plans to be out really late to give him room. Yeah, Gavin thought. That must be it.

On the other hand...

Gavin heard the back door open, and there were voices using words he couldn't make out. He froze, afraid of being caught in this awkward scene. If Jim's aunt and uncle were in the house, they could definitely hear their nephew and his date going at it in their guestroom. Surely they would seek out Jim. And they would find Gavin, and how would that look: A stranger just sitting in the study, buzzing and horny, listening to the sounds of sex in the dark. Gavin suddenly wished he had taken that limo ride after all.

He pictured the horrified look on Angie's face—Angie was Jim's aunt—when she saw him there. Though he had seen her only briefly when they picked her up at the airport, as she had gotten in the back seat while they drove to drop her off, never giving Gavin a good look at her, Gavin did remember her having a very friendly, sexy face with a body to match. The type of face that felt familiar, even if you'd just met. She had a big smile with perfect teeth, her hazel eyes sparkled, and her long blonde hair had just the right touch of work and casual. Two thick strands fell over her face, in her eyes, giving Gavin the kind of image that was impossible to forget, even though he'd only seen her face for a couple seconds.

Angie was 30, looked a little younger, but carried herself like a woman who knows how to take care of herself. He remembered Jim telling him that she used to live in a big city, though which one he couldn't remember. She was independent, and therefore would have no issue with screaming at Gavin to get out of her house as soon as she found him. She might even call the cops! In the car, Angie had been very easy-going and likeable, even loveable, in her conversation. Gavin wished he wasn't here to see the opposite side of her.

Gavin waited, not sure how to get himself out of this. And Jim and Cindy's continued moaning wasn't helping any! Eventually, however, Gavin realized that quite a bit of time had passed, and he hadn't heard voices, or even footsteps. The study door was open, so if any lights had come on, he would have seen the glow. What was going on? Had Aunt Angie and Uncle Carl left?

Gavin moved slowly towards the door of the study. He was just about to look out when a noise startled him—no, not Jim or Cindy. This was another sound. Another moan.

A moan!

And another moan. One was female. One definitely male. And it didn't stop there. Besides the moans, there were groans and gasps and...

What the hell was going on here?

Gavin peered out the door and down the hall, and saw that he had made at least one wrong assumption even before his eyes adjusted. The light in the kitchen had been turned on. He thought he would've noticed the glow, but hadn't. But more importantly was what the kitchen light was illuminating. Uncle Carl and Aunt Angie were standing next to the sink, holding each other and fucking passionately.

From what Gavin could see, Carl, at least, he thought that was Carl--having never met Jim's uncle before, he could only assume at this point—had his pants around his ankles. He was leaning back against the counter, holding Angie in front of him and thrusting into her from behind. Angie had a skirt on, so Gavin couldn't tell if her panties were pulled to the side or if they'd actually come off, but either way she was getting some deep drilling. Carl's hands were beneath her shirt, and from the movement beneath her clothes, Gavin could see Carl was very eagerly massaging her breasts. He sucked on his wife's earlobe, and Angie arched her neck back in response, moaning loud enough to hear, but not enough to compete with the sounds coming from the guestroom. 

If Gavin was horny before, he was absolutely on fire now. But he didn't dare move. Getting closer could prematurely end the show. And he definitely wasn't going to go back to hiding in the study, having to listen to two couples going at it with him in the middle, all by himself. He reached down and felt his erection straining madly against his pants.

In the kitchen, Carl whipped Angie's shirt right up over her head, revealing a pair of quality C cups in a black bra and a necklace with blue stones that looked amazing next to her milky skin. Carl pawed at Angie's generous mounds, squeezing and fondling them and pushing them together. She gasped and cried out as he continued fucking her at a slow but steady pace. Eventually Carl unhooked the bra and tossed it away, and Angie's gorgeous naked breasts spilled into view, her pink nipples fat and erect. Her tits bounced magnificently as they fucked, and they proved more than a handful each when Carl tried to grasp them.

It wasn't but a few seconds later when Angie whispered something, and then they quickly switched positions. Carl was still fucking her from behind, but now he had bent Angie over the kitchen table. This gave him better access to plow into fully, and the difference was audible by the pleasure and intensity of Angie's groans. She braced herself on the table top, her breasts swinging freely and her nipples grazing the hard, cold surface. This went on for several minutes.

Gavin didn't know how long Angie had been staring at him, but it was his own damn fault for not being careful. Maybe she had first seen him when she bent over the table, which brought her to face his direction, or maybe she had spotted him even before that. Obviously Carl didn't know he was there, and with the chandelier over the table in his line of sight, it wasn't likely he could see Gavin even if he were looking for him. But Angie definitely had Gavin in her sights. She stared at him. The expression on her face didn't register his intrusion—she looked like he'd expect a beautiful woman having great sex to look like. But her eyes were no doubt focused on him. He was too terrified to move, clinging to the last hope that maybe he was just imagining this bold stare.

But then Angie blinked, and something about the way she did it convinced Gavin that she knew he had seen her looking at him. Now they both knew. Gavin didn't know what he was going to do, and he desperately wanted to know what Angie's plan was.

She whispered to Carl again and they ceased fucking as she got up from the table. They were silent, but there were still sounds and cursing coming from Jim and Cindy from the next room to keep the ambience of sex. Carl and Angie moved out of the kitchen, coming Gavin's way but going out of sight to do so. He suspected they were going to their bedroom. Maybe Angie hadn't seen him after all. Or maybe she thought Gavin was some drunk who wouldn't even remember this in the morning, so why bother making it a big deal. Or maybe she loved her husband, and didn't want to see him go to prison for killing this creepy guy staring at her by revealing what she'd discovered.

Whatever was going on, Gavin was ready to bolt for it at the next possible opportunity.

But that opportunity never came, because all of the sudden there was movement in the hallway, and it was getting closer. Gavin jumped back from the study doorway and tried to hide under the desk. It wasn't great, but it was all he had. Besides, the dark offered him a chance—just as long as no one was looking specifically for him.

Even with the little light show he'd just had, Gavin had spent enough time in the darkness of the study that his eyes were already readjusting to the night. He could make out very clearly that it was Angie who came through the door first, and Carl was right behind her. Angie looked around as if she were blind, which, in the darkness, she practically was. She was definitely searching for something, but couldn't make it out. Of course, if she really thought something, or someone, was there, she could've just flipped on the light. But she kept it off, and then gave up her search, turning her attention back to Carl.

Her wearing nothing but a skirt and high heels, and him now wearing nothing at all, Angie guided Carl to the desk chair, a big, leather, reclining model, in the middle of the room—the very recliner Gavin had been sitting in before they had arrived. Before he sat down, Angie went to the desk, and Gavin feared for his life. He didn't breathe as she opened the bottom drawer, and pulled out a long, black handkerchief.

"Put this on, baby," she said seductively, ignoring the sounds still coming from the guestroom as she turned to her husband. 

Gavin wondered if he had nine lives, and if so, had he just used one of them? He was certain Angie had spotted him. But she acted like nothing was a miss. Maybe he was wrong. She didn't seem the type to get high or wasted, but maybe she was so drunk she didn't realize what she saw when she stared at him down the hall.

