 In the Moment: A Midwest Couples MFM Journey

*

The steady hum of the mower mimicked the vibrator.

Kaye peered from our second story window, my cock nestled between the cheeks of her ass. Leaning in, I cradled her breasts then stroked and pulled at her hardened nipples, "So...what do you think?"

Her eyes followed the young bull cutting our lawn, "I can't believe you're making me do this." The pulsating drone of the vibrator gained volume as Kaye switched to its highest setting.

Easing into a leather chair, I grasped at my cock while taking in the outlined glory of my wife pleasuring herself. "You know you love it," I boldly asserted. Kaye turned slightly, giving me the best possible view of the toy making direct contact with her clit. Brilliant sunlight threw stark shadows across her body, accenting abundant curves.

"Are you certain...Trey...ohhh...ohhh...mmmm...can't see me?" she asked as an initial series of pleasurable jolts took hold, buckling her legs.

"Positive," I said, "I checked it out earlier." That was a lie, I had no idea if anyone could see through the window. Honestly, I was hoping Trey would catch a glimpse. Kaye looked dreamily in my direction, quivering slightly from another satisfying tremor, then gazed languidly back outside. Increasing the pressure against her clit, Kaye's soaked pussy mound bulged on either side of the buzzing white head.

"You know what my fantasy is baby, you know what gets me going," I moaned, barely in control of what had been building in my tightly drawn balls, "I need to hear it from you."

"Mmmm...you've got me thinking...about a huge...ohhhhh...black...cock," she stammered. Kaye's breasts trembled and bounced as her head snapped backwards, forwards, then backwards again staring at the ceiling-straining, grunting, and moaning. It was a massive release. I couldn't take it anymore, letting out a series of grunts, come burst in upward spasms from the head of my cock. Overcome by the thought of enjoying Trey in every way, Kaye gripped the toy tightly, shoulders and tits shuddered in harmony as additional waves of pleasure rolled over her. Jerking forward from the waist Kaye instinctively grabbed at the curtain to steady herself, tearing it straight downward, rod and all. Bent over with pleasure, Kaye staggered sideways from in front of the window, a look of dread on her face, "OH FUCK"! Then in a whisper, sneaking a glance outside, "I hope he didn't see anything."

"Fuck that was hot...I'm sure he didn't, the mower's making a hell of a racket," I said, "and if he did...," grinning from ear to ear, "...you just made his day."

Admiring the glistening mess around me Kaye smiled and in mock anger threw a towel in my direction, "That was incredible," exhaling, she added with exhausted conviction, "let's do that again sometime."

"How about the real thing?" I said, barely audible.

"What?" Kaye shot back, just outside of the study.

"Nothing baby...it was nothing."

Kaye has classic features. In fact, she looks like a 1940s starlet. Curly raven hair frames dark brown eyes, pouty lips and fair complexion. At five feet ten inches, there's plenty of Kaye to admire-particularly her figure. Kaye has 36D breasts with small, sensitive nipples, a 26-inch waist and a robust 38-inch ass. No matter the clothes, it always appears as though she's been poured into the outfit. With a bachelors and masters framed on the wall Kaye's attractiveness is an intoxicating mix of brains and beauty. Outwardly reserved and professional, Kaye is, when the mood strikes her, a porn-star-wannabe behind closed doors. When in the presence of her business colleagues I think to myself, 'if you only knew'.

Reflecting on 30 plus years of marriage, our sex life has had its share of adventures and boring, by the numbers, repetitive sameness. Through it all we've been committed to one another and attempted at times to spice things up. I'm the adventurous one. It's all about pleasure and making each other happy. Kaye is perfectly satisfied with the status quo and resistant to change. Sexual thrill-seeking, to be enjoyed by the both of us, is invariably left up to me. This has led to the occasional sting of rejection and resentment on my end. Kaye's repeatedly mentioned that she is fine with trying new things sexually once she is 'in the moment.' The challenge for me has always been how to bring about that state of mind naturally in Kaye. Everything attempted, vibrators, anal play (to include butt-fucking), watching x-rated movies, looking at skin magazines, masturbating, etc., was induced via my prodding and pleading. None of the aforementioned originated from Kaye's kinky closet. She is simply not the experimental type.

Kaye would be even further behind the exploratory curve if not for the two of us befriending a couple back in the mid-80s while I was stationed in Germany. Bill and Samantha were church going, southern Baptist, born and raised. Becoming fast friends, we occasionally got together for dinners, games, so forth. On one particular evening, when the alcohol was flowing freely, Bill volunteered that they enjoyed watching adult videos together. Even more astounding, Samantha had her own sizable assortment of fuck magazines stashed in a nightstand beside their bed. The first X-rated movie Kaye and I took in was from Bill and Samantha's bountiful collection. The fact that Samantha was a prim and proper, bible thumping school teacher by day, and a carnally driven, porn enthusiast at night was not lost on Kaye. If Bill and Samantha enjoyed an elevated level of sexual freedom, why not us? Moving forward, Kaye would allow herself to be adventurous from time to time.

Prowling at the very peak of my erotic imagination was the possibility of a threesome involving myself, Kaye, and another male. The classic male-female-male (MFM) scenario has stoked the fires of my fantasy world for years. Initially curious about my desire for this to happen, Kaye let it be known this particular fantasy would NEVER cross over into the realm of reality. I love a challenge and kept bringing it up in foreplay conversations, as well as purposely choosing, when she was in the mood to watch, MFM related videos. Nearly all of Kaye's eventual willingness to try something risqué was preceded in part by watching porn. I do realize just because you are turned on by something in a video, it doesn't necessarily mean it should be attempted for real, but I had high hopes the puritan wall she'd worked so hard building around her would crumble if I could manufacture a situation wherein Kaye found herself trapped, 'in the moment' unable to escape.

At my age I suffer from erectile dysfunction. It's not completely debilitating, but it is noticeable off and on. I've been disciplined about keeping my 5-foot 8-inch, 170-pound frame in shape, but my 'plumbing' was another matter. I had a heart-to-heart with Kaye one afternoon about my condition and the need for additional stimulation in order to bring me to an acceptable state of readiness. I also indicated I was uneasy about being on medication for the rest of my life in order to be with her sexually. Kaye was upset at first. She felt I wasn't attracted to her any longer, and that's why I needed the graphic sexual support. I assured her it had nothing to do with her attitude or looks; that she still made me horny. The necessity of bringing MFM scenarios into our bedroom, ostensibly to help create a raging hard on, guaranteed the notion would be at the forefront of her thought. The more it was introduced, the more palatable the idea became. Each time we watched an MFM video, especially one that included a sizable black cock, Kaye's pussy reached maximum soaked status without fail. It excited her, that was obvious.

Attached males who participate in MFM's do so for numerous reasons. Observing your wife with another male is carnally satisfying. Simply the fact that she is out-of-control sexually can be a monumental turn on. The instinct for some males to witness their wives with another physically satisfies an inherently primitive urge. We appreciate the fact that our mate is desired in such a primal way, it affirms why we chose the person in the first place. For some couple's, compatibility is enhanced when sex is craved in the same manner by both. Erotic ways have been reformed, altered, frowned upon, and transformed historically and socially over the centuries-genetically speaking, many of us remain ready to fuck at the drop of a hat when we see our wives pleasured by another because it's erotically charged and we want some too.

Not long ago, a handsome and articulate young black man with a clipboard and handmade brochures approached me while I was grabbing the mail. His name was Trey. Trey explained he was enrolled in a local university and in the process of establishing a lawn care business to supplement college expenses. He went on about how he had lost a scholarship due to an injury during his sophomore year. Trey was struggling on the financial side of things while marching towards his educational goal. I instantly took a liking to him. I admired his grit, and his timing couldn't have been better as my lower back had been hurting recently and the prospect of mowing the lawn unappealing. We settled on a price to take care of the yardwork as well as when it could be serviced (scheduling around his course work).

A 22-year-old junior, Trey maintained his six-foot, 190-pound athletic build with venerable dedication. Doing yardwork provided some cardio and helped keep the excess pounds off. His body was to be appreciated. It certainly was by Kaye the first time he showed up to take care of the yard. I wasn't home at the time, but over dinner later in the evening she mentioned his physique with a hint of a smile. It wasn't long before I started incorporating Trey into our imaginary sex world. Each erotic story had the desired effect on Kaye, one explosive orgasm after another. Masturbating while spying on Trey that sunny afternoon brought us one step closer to turning fantasy into reality.

I decided to test Trey's interest in my wife's physical attributes. When time allowed, Trey would hang out on our back patio for a cold drink after finishing the yardwork. We would make small talk and catch up on how his studies were going as well as the rehab on his left knee. I knew Kaye would be doing some cleaning around the house. Her typical housework attire was a pair of black bicycle shorts and tank top. The shorts were made of a stretchy yoga type fabric that clearly emphasized her pussy lips and ass. The satiny grey low-cut tank clung tightly to Kaye, accentuating her 36D's. Sans bra during warmer days, Kaye's nipples were usually quite visible and hard when moving about.

Sitting on the patio one early afternoon, Trey and I were enjoying the sunshine and conversation when Kaye came out with some drinks. Standing beside the table she bent slightly, giving Trey a close up of her ample cleavage. Placing the beers down in front of us, Kaye stood up and started to engage Trey in conversation as I excused myself to go to the bathroom. Once inside I located a spot where I could watch the two interact. I couldn't hear what was being said, but Trey's continuous smile indicated to me how much he was enjoying the scenery. At one-point Kaye turned around in order to pull a weed from a nearby flower bed. I kept my eyes on Trey knowing he would have an opportunity to consider Kaye's ample ass. His reaction was as expected. Trey's head tilt slightly, absentmindedly grabbing his beer, while staring at Kaye's rear. I couldn't be certain, but Kaye probably readjusted her shorts when standing, further tightening the wedge highlighting her pussy lips. Walking back in his direction, he would have had a picture-perfect assessment of her sweet spot. Finally, Kaye made her way back inside, and I returned to the patio.

Sitting down I noticed Trey was shifting in his seat and tugging at himself under the table. He spoke up first, "What's the secret Brad?"

I took a long pull on my beer, "To what?"

"To marriage...you and Kaye. How do you manage to keep things fresh, to stay happy?" Trey said shaking his head.

"Well, honestly, she's outstanding in bed," I stated matter of fact.

Trey stopped mid drink, "Seriously?" then finished his sip.

"That's certainly part of it," my poker face never leaving, "Kaye and I do our best to keep things hot in the bedroom; of late she's been ALLL about threesomes...especially those involving two men," I continued, "there are other aspects that come into play of course, but I believe a healthy sex life is a key factor for any marriage to hang in there long-term." I quickly added, "Promise me you won't look at Kaye differently knowing what I just told you, she'd be mortified."

We lightly tapped bottles to confirm our secrecy pact, "Not a problem at all. Honestly Brad, you're a lucky man, Kaye has the body of someone half her age," Trey said.

"Agreed, and that includes the ass of a porn star," I announced. Trey approved with an emphatic headshake. Finishing our beers, he was on his way.

That evening Kaye and I had a heated romp as I recounted the conversation between Trey and I earlier. Talking about it while playing with her clit, then while she was riding me, brought her to a room spinning orgasm. I indicated that I truly believed he would be interested in joining us with little coaxing. Kaye remained unconvinced. She was concerned about laying bare our sexual fantasies to Trey, further still, how to go about interacting with him on mowing days.

"He probably thinks I'm a total freak or nympho now!" Kaye said, bringing her hands to her face.

"Not at all baby, it's safe. Trey assured me that the secret stays with him...us...you know what I mean," I said with as much confidence as I could muster.

"What if I can arrange things in such a way that it will seal-the-deal?" I asked. "I'll take care of the logistics. All you'll need to do is show up." "We're not getting any younger, I'm ready for this...are you?" A silence hung over the room. I knew Kaye was mulling over the possibility of being sandwiched and explored by two men at once. Trey was the perfect candidate. Familiar enough that it would be comfortable, without the awkward risk of overlapping social, work, or family circles. He was a great guy and I trusted him to be discreet. She stared straight at me and slowly shook her head yes. I wanted the week to fly by in order to ask Trey straight up if he would like to join Kaye and I for an afternoon the three of us would never forget.

I didn't have to wait a week. Around noon the following day Trey sent a text asking if he could come over to talk. Once more on the back-patio we spoke quietly over beers.

"You know I respect you and Kaye very much," a cold feeling hit me as I thought he was about to run in the other direction and the possibility of a threesome evaporate, "I just want to make certain I'm understanding yesterday's conversation correctly, are you...you know... hinting...thinking of asking me to join you and Kaye in the bedroom?" he blurted. "I apologize if I'm reading this incorrectly, because I really do enjoy your company."

I caught my breath, and felt my heartrate slow back down. "You didn't misinterpret Trey," I said, "I hope you don't think anything less of Kaye and I."

"No, not at all, actually I'm flattered," Trey said, "Does Kaye truly want this to happen?"

My confidence was growing by the second "She does...she's not as open or as forward about it, but she would like for it to happen if the circumstances allowed."

Leaning back, Trey relaxed while grabbing his beer. "What's the plan then?" he asked.

"Well, let's try this first. Have you ever sext a girlfriend? Sent a racy photograph or video?" I asked.

Trey shifted in his seat, smiling, "I have, sure."

"Send a picture of your cock to Kaye...make sure your text message refers to another woman. Send a follow-up immediately, play it off, mention that it was intended for somebody else," I went on, "when she responds say you're "so sorry, it went to the wrong place."

Trey sat forward in his chair, "Are you sure about this? What if it pisses her off?"

"It won't," I assured, then added, "Oh, don't send the text while she's at work, that'll freak her out. Send it in the evening, and make sure the photo captures you...um... fully engulfed."

Trey laughed, "I got you."

"One other favor to ask," I said, "send me a text right before you send the picture. I want to see her reaction."

"It'll be tonight," Trey said beaming while shaking his head in disbelief.

Later that evening Trey text a heads up letting me know he was about to send the picture. I was flipping through a magazine in the living room while Kaye started a load of laundry. Her phone buzzed and lit up on an adjoining end table. The suspense was killing me as I got up to take a swift peek at her droid. Confirming it was Trey, I quickly sat back down as I heard the laundry room door shut. Kaye sauntered back in, plopped down on a recliner, and grabbed the remote to turn on the flat screen. Seeing her phone lit up she lazily snagged it, believing it was one of her staff sending work news.

"Huh...it's from Trey, did we pay him the right amount (glancing at her phone), yester...day... (Kaye's voice trailed off) ...holy shit," she muttered.

"What's up with Trey?" I said, playing along.

"Nothing, he just sent a text to me by accident," taking a deep breath, "I'll let him know." Kaye's neck was visibly flushed as she composed a response.

"Everything okay?" I asked.

"Fine, dryer lint or something, I need a drink of water," Kaye managed while bounding off the recliner and out of the room.

There were two responses to consider. Kaye would store the photo, to review later in private, or delete it immediately. I couldn't wait to discover which selection she made. Neither choice changed my mind about moving forward, but option one would indicate she was ready for an MFM. Later, while Kaye was folding the laundry started earlier, I had a moment to quickly review her saved photos, and there, at solid attention, was one of the most inspiring pieces of sculpted manhood I had ever seen. Trey hit a home run.

Trey and I decided to try and work our plan around a lawn care day. After cutting the yard, Trey would pick up his money from Kaye and mention the fact that he needed to get back to his apartment as soon as possible in order to do a load of clothes because he had physical therapy that afternoon and all his shorts and tees were dirty. I would send a text a short time later telling Kaye that I just spoke to Trey and he told me the apartment complex laundry room was out of service do to a pipe bursting. I would then ask Kaye if she could run some clothes over to Trey since I couldn't get away from work. When Kaye arrived, I would be hidden away, an adult movie would be moaning away on his TV, and most importantly, Trey, in an apparent state of hard heat under a towel. My heart raced as I sent the text. Kaye responded instantly-she would run some clothes over to Trey. I was hopeful Kaye would reach an 'in the moment' state of mind once she had an opportunity to appreciate his condition under the towel.

I watched from Trey's apartment window for signs of Kaye's vehicle. Trey was pacing. The video was chugging along at a frenzied pace. Two males were enthusiastically working on a brunette who was clearly enjoying the duel devotion.

I looked over at Trey, "You okay...you good?"

"Absolutely," Trey said as he continued to beat a path back and forth in front of his couch. Turning towards me I noticed that his towel still maintained a sizable lift. It was obvious the interest was there with or without the video. "Are you certain you're okay with this man? I really don't want to ruin thing's between us," Trey said while joining me at the window.
