 "I can always tell by the way a man moves if he is a good fuck or not." 

"SORRY?" 

Her skin shimmered against the swirling red and purple rays of light. Penny's body snaked provocatively to the swooping electronic bassline. Her movements complimented those of the cage dancers - the domain of burlesque dancers and strippers. Instinctively Penny and Harry moved together in a primal dance as old as time. 

She gestured to him to lean in closer.

"I said, I can tell by the way a man dances if he's a good fuck or not." 

He held her hips, controlling the movement of her body as she sucked on his earlobe and grabbed his package. Softly, she pushed her tongue into his ear, rubbing her hand over his burgeoning cock.

"Pen!" 

"You are good Harry, too fucking good. I want to fuck you, I see the girls in here checking you out." 

They had planned to come here for weeks; this was 'Berlin Cabaret' night. As a mass gathering of the alternative, it was a menagerie of latex and leather, velvet and satin. The atmosphere crackled with sexual energy, all of them seeking to be different; every taste catered for and every kink accepted. 

Choosing a tight latex mini dress, jewelled choker and knee-high boots, it tautly held all the curves of her body in place. The sultry sway of her hips kept time with the languid movement of her head and arms.

Revelling in how it caught the ambient lighting, Harry admired how the coloured tones of light and grey shadow gave it the appearance of dark water. He knew she had eschewed any underwear and wanted the lines of her naked body to define how the latex clung to her skin. 

She knew that look well enough by now in Harry's eyes, her provocative movements would only add fuel to the fire. Matching her move for move, Penny admired how his body turned and twisted. His net top caught the ultraviolet light revealing the flaming swirls of reflective paint lovingly painted underneath. Side-laced leather trousers and chunky boots boosted his imposing frame over her more demure body. 

She backed onto him, grazing her pert bottom against the growing bulge in his trousers. Matching the slow swish of her hips, he took them to direct her movement and pushed his groin firmly against her. The exhilaration of her flagrant behaviour raged through him. It excited him; he wanted everyone to see the effect it had on him. 

Clasping her breasts, he took to her nipples with his fingers. He knew what effect that would have yielding an unheard gasp over the driving bassline. The latex was thin and elastic; it would be obvious that they were hard and aroused. She knew she was wet for him and that radiating ache drove her to the limits of restraint. Only a few inches of latex mini dress protected her from his fingers and cock. 

She had taunted him all night, with her words, actions and attire. Deliberately torturing him, she luxuriated in how she would pay for it. She knew what he was capable of after tormenting him like this. She yearned for the throbbing ache of her bruised sex after he had been inside her all night. She craved that wetness of his spunk leaking from her throughout tomorrow. 

He kissed her neck and took the opportunity to be heard. 

"You filthy fucking slut. I want you." 

Symbiotically they writhed against each other, engrossed in each other as if no one else was there. Escaping his clutches, she turned to face him, her lithe body snaking and contorting to the music. He met her move for move amidst the seething mass of revellers. Seduction at one hundred and thirty beats a minute, her perky nipples poked against the latex of her dress. That churning ache inside her fuelled her need to taunt him one provocative swish of her hips at a time. 

With a gesture of drinking, Harry nodded in return. Taking his hand, she led him boldly off the dancefloor. Feeling a swell of pride, it fed that ache as she saw them showing their appreciation of Harry. Occasional surreptitious eyes glanced at her, the flick of eyelashes in a naughty wink of an eye. She returned to them a sly grin of her own, a moment of unspoken sisterhood. 

Ensconced in a corner with their drinks, they had a vantage point looking out over the rest of the club. The ambiance here was no different from the dance floor. It dripped with a profound sense of the erotic; the deep red lighting filtered all but the boldest colours. Stolen glances mixed with the more overt, Penny took Harry's hand and squeezed it. 

"I'm so fucking horny Harry, just take a look around you, doesn't it turn you on?" 

The club was a mass of people glammed up, acres of naked flesh on show tantalising them both. Bits of tape covered nipples leaving the rest on show, sheer underwear only one bright light away from revealing its contents. Figure hugging latex and leather worn in exultation to human sexuality. It was impossible not to admire, impossible not to make eye contact and smile.

His initial reticence was a mistake; excitement coursed through him now with every heartbeat. This felt so daring and invigorating; he did not want this addictive feeling to end. 

"Harry." 

He turned to look at her and she smiled wickedly at him. Leaning in for a lingering slow kiss, she broke from him and pressed her finger to his lips. Accepting it, the sweet musky taste was unmistakable. Instinctively he sucked on it; the velvet texture of his mouth made her eyes half-close with arousal. 

Easing her finger from his mouth, she leant in to him. 

"Fuck me, Harry, I want your cum, I want it so it can leak out of me on the dancefloor." 

She eased her legs apart to flash her bare smooth sex, and his look of alarm made her giggle. This brazen act of exhibitionism was the final straw; he felt his cock filling with blood. Throughout the entire night, every sinew of his body teetered on the precipice of intense arousal. This deviant act had tipped him over the edge; she placed her hand onto his confined cock. 

"There's a girl over there looking at my wet cunt." 

Harry tracked to where Penny's eyes were looking. A woman, about their age and wearing a tight latex catsuit met his eyes and smiled. Making a 'V' gesture with two fingers, she gesticulated with her tongue between them. It was very clear to them both what she would like to do to Penny. 

"Fuck!" hissed Harry. 

What happened next, he could not explain; caught up in the moment, he raised his glass and toasted her with a wink. Reciprocating with her own drink, she blew them both a kiss before returning to the animated conversation with her friends. 

Penny laughed, "I would let her too, she's fit." 

"Pen!" 

"What?! Too uncomfortable for you in those trousers? Right now, she could eat my cunt for all she's worth, I need to cum." 

"Fucking hell." 

She had only intimated her desire for women in playful jest to fry his senses in a moment of passion. This was deliberate and cold incitement and she laughed at the look of shock on his face. There she was, her legs slightly apart in no hurry to cross her legs. The woman looked over again for another look, lingering as Penny eased them apart a little further. She smiled in return, winked and went back to her friends. 

"I would Harry and I know you would like to watch, I want you to see it. My hot wet cunt getting eaten out by a sexy girl." 

"Pen! Don't tease." 

"What's the matter Harry, can't handle it? Isn't it every man's fantasy? I know you want it." 

Her words were too much and sporting a full erection, Penny squeezed his hard cock. She had his answer right there in her hand. 

"Come on." 

With that, she took his hand and stood up. 

"Where are we going?" 

"Anywhere I can get your cock in me." 

Whilst his mind reacted with a natural trepidation, his body had other ideas -- he was hard and horny. Penny's gait moved to the thud of the 4/4 bassline, her taut arse swaying in an act of deliberate provocation. He had to try to sate her; she was a force of sexuality in need of taming. His own body was the foil to her desires; he yearned to feel her body shudder as his own frustration spewed deep into her spasming sex. 

With the aid of a full moon outside the club, Harry looked out across the car park. In a remote corner close to a nearby streetlamp was a grassy verge. Flanked on two sides by tall shrubs and on another by a couple of parked cars, it was the best spot. 

He pointed the way. 

"Ok, just hurry up and stick your cock in me, I'm on fire here." 

The sense of excitement and danger coursed through his body. Adrenaline rising in him forced his thumping heart to cannon strongly in his chest. Aflame with lust, rigid with a savage heat in his balls, he was in no mind to fight it. 

The spot looked good and secluded enough not to attract the attention of others. 

"I want to ride you, lie down." 

Harry felt the cushion of the soft grass on his back, cool to his skin as Penny wrestled to free his cock. Straddling him assertively, she pulled up her latex mini dress; the quicksilver moonlight mixed with the pearl hue of the streetlight. Bathing their bodies in tones of light and dark grey, it caught the prominence of her smooth Mons. Holding his cock firmly, his arrant look of need in his eyes forced a lewd smile to break her lips. 

"Tell me you want this Harry." 

Slowly stroking his girth, he felt so hot and strong in her hand. Fighting her own urges, she held out to drive the frustration in him. She knew he was at his best when infuriated with lust; she would have it no other way. 

"Fuck, Pen, yes, yes, fuck me." 

He witnessed the blunt tip pressed to her folds; she slid it up and down her slit. A cascade of her juices wettened the head of his cock. It would need to - he was fiercely hard. 

"Look at me." 

The act of penetration forced her eyes closed and mouth open. 

"Yes!" she hissed. 

Easing herself down determinedly, she impaled herself fully. That knot of tension reared up and using the spring in her thighs, she slowly measured her movements to hit that sensual spot with his cock. The tight heat and lack of friction astounded him and he bucked back in time with his hips forcing a soft gasp from her mouth.

Freeing her heaving breasts, she looked down upon his prone body and bit her lower lip. She let him drink this sight in, riding his body assertively, mastering his hard cock deep inside her. 

"Play with my nipples; you know how they make me cum." 

The feeling of his strong hands took her breath away as she began to bounce menacingly on top of him. Relenting to the determination of her body and her assertive posture, Harry's reply was to roll her nipples between his fingers. The sight of her body astride him driving each thrust widened his eyes, the sense of danger and risk fuelling the throbbing ache of his hard cock.

Menacingly, she brought herself down and then up; the seething tight heat of her sex began to make him moan. Feeding that spot inside her through her controlled movements, she would climax easily and in the throes of her climax milk his cum from his fevered balls.

"Oh fuck, yes, that's it, Harry." 

His girth burned against her sinewy walls hitting that spot repeatedly making her moan loudly. 

A soft feminine gasp stopped them in their tracks. 

"Oh, oops, sorry." 

Penny craned her neck; Harry shifted his head to the side to look. 

In the shadows, there she was, the woman that made the V-shaped gesture. Her pretty face carried an expression of curious diffidence yet she was not turning tail and running off. 

"Don't mind us, I needed some cock." 

Harry's eyes were wild and caught in this tawdry act - he froze still. Unabashed, Penny's subtle movements slid Harry in and out of her craven sex. 

There was a brittle giggle. "There was me thinking you'd gone out for a cigarette. I heard noises." 

Their application of logic was faultless and they simultaneously came to the same conclusion. Penny flashed a lecherous smile at Harry followed by a wink. 

"Well, don't stop having a smoke on our account." 

"Oh, erm..." 

"You could stick around if you like. Why don't you come down here and give my boyfriend something to think about." 

In his heightened state, adrenaline mixed with arousal. The prospect of her joining them made his cock flex with such vigour -- it forced a gasp from Penny. 

"Jesus! I don't need to ask if you want this." 

The fluidity of her motion caught the low light against her polished catsuit. On her knees and inches from Penny's face, she stole a kiss. Harry's gasp was immediate; Penny reciprocated fully kissing her back with conviction. Weaving her fingers through her lustrous jet-black hair, Penny would break, watching her pout for more and then kiss her again. 

With their mouths still locked together, Penny pulled firmly on the catsuit zip. Not fighting to protect her modesty, she slid her hand into the opening. Drawing her in with a multitude of long searching kisses, Penny found her prize. Grazing her fingers over a nipple, her reaction was immediate. Escalating in passion, each kiss drew a louder moan as Penny bounced slowly on his hard meat. 

The sight surged through his body; tonight would be a night of firsts. Seizing her hips, he bucked into Penny determinedly. She bore down on his anguished girth quelling his excitement. The sensuality of Penny's mouth against her fed his frenzied state.

Penny's exhibition was a carefully crafted performance of one sensuous kiss after another. She had him deep inside her; occasionally she moved with more latitude and then revelled in his desperate groan. She knew this was torture and this double pleasure of his cock and her lips intensified the cloying heat of her loins. 

Easing back, still teasing her nipple; the look of want on her face told Penny all she needed to know. 

"Unzip it, all of it." 

With a vacant gaze of desire in her eyes, she happily complied. The zip ran the full length of the suit and around the back. Exposed in an open-ended 'V' shape, she revealed her tight fleshy cleavage and taut abdomen. Squeezing on her nipple forced a deeper gasp through her pouting mouth, Penny knew she had her full attention. 

"Come on, show us more." 

Pulling her arms and shoulders out of the catsuit, they both consumed the sight before her. Her taut body shone in the subdued pearlescent light; her broad shoulders held her torso in perfect proportion to her neck and head. 

With a lecherous grin on her face, Harry watched as Penny started to explore her body. 

Roaming with her fingers over her soft skin, she was static and bit her lip as she gave herself to her touch. Exploring each elegant curve, her fingers slowly descended towards her breasts. Generous in proportion, moulded to her chest with no overhang and hard erect nipples. Mesmerised by the way Penny toyed with their new friend, the slow careful thrusts into her were his own silent answer. 

Swirling her fingers with a feather like touch, he watched her eyes close. Directing her fingers down her lithe body, she sagged on her knees when Penny violated her wet folds.

Penny watched for her reaction when she splayed her wetness. Only when she grazed the swollen nub of her clit did her mouth pout, her eyes purse closed and a soft gasp left her. Penny smiled as she slowly worked her with fingers. Harry watched them both, gasping as the girl began to toy with her own breasts, teasing her own nipples with every caress of her clit. 

Her kisses were becoming more urgent and showing initiative, Harry felt the brush of her fingers as she rubbed on Penny's clit in return. Combined with the added stimulus of Harry's cock, the tension inside Penny coiled tighter and tighter. Using the strength of his body to hold Penny still, Harry bucked his hips to graze that sensitive place inside her. 

Drunk on lust, Harry watched the two women locked in a series of passionate clinches, kissing, touching each other. Maintaining a steady rhythm, the grip of her sex on him began to clench, the writhing of her body before him began to stutter. 

Guiding his cock to that spot, the assault on her clit hit her with a torrid regularity that was too much. Her skill was impeccable as Penny's stifled moans signalled her climax. Harry pushed into Penny as he witnessed the girl break from the kiss to watch Penny cum. 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck." 

Penny writhed before them as they extracted every spasm from her sex. Watching as she shuddered before him, Harry groaned as she fiercely clenched him in tight undulating waves. Feeling her body suffused with warmth, Penny gave out a deep heartfelt kiss of gratitude. Together they eased her from that exultant peak, letting her luxuriate in her reward. They lingered on each other's lips as Harry slowly fucked her weakly spasming sex. 

Pausing to a stop, Penny eased off him making his cock slap back against his body. Standing up with the latex dress a mere band across her midriff, she towered over the girl. Penny rubbed her own sex. It churned her insides; far from sated as she let them watch her auto-arousal. 

"I saw that gesture you made; you want to eat my cunt do you?" 

The girl looked up and nodded meekly. Gesturing for her to inch closer, Penny could feel her warm breath against her own flushed sex. 

"So do you have a name?" 

"Erm, Lisa. I'm Lisa." 

"Well, 'erm Lisa, I'm Lisa.' Here it is." 

Clasping Lisa's head and turning to look at Harry, she thrust her sex forward. Gasping incredulously, Harry watched as Penny's facial expression showed him that she had made contact. Sitting up to watch intently, Lisa took to her with a soft determination that clattered his senses. With a low moan, feeling the repeated snap of Lisa's soft velvet tongue on her clit, she looked to him. 

"You like it don't you, Harry?" 

She smiled happily between a heartfelt groan as he nodded. 

"I told you I would let her eat my cunt." 

Lisa's attentiveness fed the craving in Penny's body; her sensitive clit shot mighty waves of electricity into her. Instinctively, her hips writhed, pressing Lisa's mouth to her wanton sex. 

"And your fingers Lisa, don't forget your fingers."

He watched Penny's eyes squeeze shut as Lisa penetrated her sodden cauldron. Absorbed in Penny getting her cunt eaten, the spectacle rampaged through him. Her perfunctory brazenness had beguiled him and intoxicated him. Harry's mind rifled through the vision before him. If she was like this during an unplanned alfresco fuck, what would she be capable of if she put her mind to it? 

"Stroke his cock too, Lisa. Carefully though, I want his spunk. Just keep him hard." 

Paralysed with expectation, Harry watched as she slid her slight hand over his damp cock and wrapped her slim fingers around it. With a gentle roll of her wrist, she wanked him cautiously. It was either too soft or too vigorous. It was complete torture as the intense heat in his balls throbbed through his fiercely hard cock. 

Checking that Lisa was not going to force out Harry's load, Penny could see that she was tormenting him perfectly. She had him right where Penny wanted him. Slow and measured, enough to keep him hard but not enough to make him cum. The sight of his prone body under the control of another woman churned her insides; the evocative sight rattled that delicious pressure inside her.

The shape of her fingers had shifted, hooked and pressing against her upper walls; Penny knew what she was looking for. Penny's gentle sobs of pleasure gave her the affirmation Lisa had sought. With each wet slip of her tongue and her slick fingers, that knot of tension burned with increasing ferocity.

Harry could see Penny looked lost on the sensations of Lisa's tongue and fingers.

"Oh fuck, yes, you've got it. Faster." 

From the quivering in her legs, he knew what that meant. Penny reached out with an outstretched hand to hold herself against the 4x4 next to her. Lisa's dogged attention at the confluence of Penny's legs yielded an escalating shudder from her body. With a contorted roll of her hips, Penny seized Lisa's face and shook violently. 
