 Adrian was sitting by his desk, working as usual. As a result of his brief physical relationship with Janey, a coworker, a lot of his other female, single coworkers, as well as a few male ones, had been asking him out for casual sex. At first, he had been very reluctant to accept the offers, but after some pep talk from Janey, he had done so. For some reason, Janey had become the involuntary messenger between Adrian and people asking him out. Emertech did not have any policy forbidding its employees from dating each other, unless it was between a superior and a subordinate or if it disturbed work, but since Adrian tended to react in a hostile manner if approached socially by most people, Janey was the only person whom he liked personally enough. This day, not unlike others, she arrived at his table again.

"Hey there," she said.

"We've got to stop meeting like this," Adrian muttered.

"You know I'd like to invite you back to my place sometime, but now that I have a boyfriend, it would become a bit awkward. We still have lunches together, remember?"

"No, that's not what I mean. It would probably be nice for both of us if you didn't have to pimp for me all the time."

"You make it sound so dirty."

"'Dirty'? Let's see. People ask me out purely for sex. I'm always contacted discreetly through another person, that's you, and I don't have that many second dates and never within the same month. Just what type of relationship does that suggest," Adrian asked sarcastically.

"Funny," Janey said and smiled, "most people in your position would be flattered."

"Quite possible," Adrian said and returned to work.

"This may not be the best time to mention this," Janey said awkwardly, "but you have another offer. Something new, but if you're not interested..."

"Oh, I'm always interested."

Janey leaned forward and whispered:

"Lobby, ten minutes, near the washrooms."

She left. Adrian kept working for a few minutes before taking the elevator down. On the site, he met Kim, an Asian-American co-worker.

"Hey," she said, "thanks for coming."

"You do realize that this is just a talk, right?"

"Of course, but there's something I wanted to ask you."

She dragged him to a quiet corner and spoke very quietly:

"Have you been in a threeway before?"

"Once."

"Was it you and two girls or you, another guy and a girl?"

"It was I and another man with his significant other."

"Did you like it?"

"Was a bit crowded, sharing one person. All things considered, it was okay."

"Anyway, my girlfriend and I have wanted to do a threesome for a while now. I told her about you, and we'd like you to be the third."

"Your girlfriend? How are you..."

"I'm bisexual, she's emotionally gay, but enjoys sex with men."

"I remember the last time, and I feel obliged to warn you that watching the person you love have sex with someone else can be a bit strange."

"Well, Mandy's the one who suggested it and we've done it more than once before."

Adrian didn't need much more convincing.

"All right, count me in."

"Good. See you on Friday, then. I'll text you the address and time."

Adrian arrived at their house at the scheduled time. When he rang the doorbell, he was greeted by a fairly busty blonde with an hourglass figure wearing high-heels and a robe, her cleavage exposed.

"Hey," she said chipper. "Adrian, was it?"

"And you must be Mandy."

"Yeah, I am. Come in."

Adrian went in and took of his coat. All lights had been turned off.

"This your first threeway," Mandy asked.

"No, but last time it was me, another guy and a girl. Got a bit crowded."

"You don't like sharing?"

"I didn't mind that, but the other guy..."

"Didn't like sharing?"

"Not really, no."

Mandy smiled.

"Well, don't worry about that this time. We'll be sharing you."

"Have you two done this before?"

"Oh, yeah. At least once a month."

She grabbed his hand and led him into the house.

"Kim", she called out.

"Yeah," Kim called out from a bedroom.

"He's here. Don't go starting without us."

Kim laughed delighted. Adrian's heart beat faster the closer he came to the source. Finally, they came to a room with a few table lamps turned on to create a kind of mood lighting. Kim was lying on the bed on her stomach, facing the door, dressed in a robe. She got up and walked towards Adrian and Mandy.

"We're so glad you could come."

"Always glad to be of service."

They rubbed up against him and started unbuttoning his clothing, occasionally stroking each other. He felt their breasts being pressed against his chest. They reached up to his head and kissed him lightly. His unbuttoned shirt slid down his arms and onto the floor. Kim and Mandy playfully pushed him onto the bed and crept up next to him and started unbuttoning his pants, occasionally touching his bone-hard cock and giggling together.

"Oh my," Kim said impressed, "she wasn't lying."

Adrian removed the rest of his clothing, his cock standing almost straight up.

"You first," Mandy told Kim, who smiled and moved her head towards it. She opened her mouth wide and licked it, her tongue sliding up the shaft, circling the head a few times before moving down and up again to repeat.

"It tastes good," she told Mandy and grinned. "You want a taste?"

"No, thanks. I like pussy better."

"Fine, more for me."

She quickly removed her robe, exposing all of her nude, beautiful body and erect nipples. She gently stroked her freshly shaven clit and looked at Adrian.

"You want to fuck me," she asked eagerly.

"Fuck, yes," Adrian said and moved aside. Kim moved under him and spread her legs. He moved on top of her and started making out with her, to Mandy's delight.

"Stick it in her," she muttered to Adrian, "stick your huge dick into my darling and fuck her. She loves cock and I love watching her get it."

Adrian raised his lower body a bit to get a clear sight and placed the tip of his dick just at Kim's wet pussy. He looked at her face, her eyes just glowing with anticipation, and pushed it into her, causing her to gasp and close her eyes hardly.

"Fuck, that's good," she whimpered.

It had only gone in half-way, so Adrian pulled it out almost all the way before quickly thrusting it all the way in. Kim almost screamed out. Mandy placed her hand on Adrian's back and moved it across it while squeezing her own tits through the robe.

"Fuck her, she loves it," she told him. And he did. He fucked her hard as she lay below him and gleefully received, her arms holding onto him as his cock stretched out her pussy and filled it up, over and over.

"God, that's so good," she exclaimed. "It feels so good!"

Mandy patted Adrian on the shoulder.

"Hey," she said sharply, yet excited, "you're not gonna let her have all the fun, are ya?"

"You want some?"

Mandy responded by quickly letting her robe fall and standing with her hands on her hips and her legs apart in a cocky manner.

"Come and take it," she said flirtatiously.

"You won't mind," Adrian briefly asked Kim, who was already approaching an early orgasm. She laughed and said:

"Fuck, no. I want to watch a bit."

Adrian slid his cock out of her, got up and started stroking Mandy's huge tits while Kim watched and stroked her body.

"You like my tits," Mandy asked. "You like nice, big, soft boobs?"

"Yeah, I like them."

"Too bad," she teased him and turned around, placing her ass cleavage just by his cock, "'cause I like it from behind."

"I like your ass too."

"That's the spirit."

She grabbed his wrist and walked with him towards the bed.

"Move aside, love," she told Kim, who, excited, obliged. Mandy got on all fours on it and spread her legs, exposing her pussy and asshole.

"Think you're up to it," she asked Adrian as she felt the tip of his cock preparing to enter her pussy.

"You want it?"

"God, yes!"

Kim got up next to her, facing Adrian, and grabbed her buttocks.

"Stick it in her," she told Adrian eagerly, grabbed his hips and gently pulled him towards Mandy, causing his dick to slide into her pussy a bit and her to make a surprised yelp.

"Fuck you," she laughed and smacked Kim on the ass playfully. They laughed together before Mandy spread her legs a bit more.

"Come on, now," she said and braced herself, "fuck me!"

Adrian pushed his dick into her pussy. She gasped with pleasure as it was filled up. Kim stood on Mandy's right side facing Adrian, watching gleefully as he fucked her.

"Oh, God," Mandy moaned as her pussy was stretched out.

"Oh, yeah," Kim told Adrian, "that's it."

"You like watching," he asked.

"Oh," Kim said grinning, "I love watching my darling get fucked."

"Like this," he asked, grabbed onto Mandy's hips and pushed his cock further into her, causing her to make a loud yelp with pleasure.

"Yeah, just like that."

Adrian slid his dick out and pushed it back into her.

"Oh, shit," Mandy whimpered, "Oh, my God..."

Adrian kept fucking her. She moaned every time he thrust while Kim stroked herself. He started thrusting faster, causing her to moan with every breathe she took. Eventually, she crawled forward, Adrian's cock sliding out of her, and lay down on her back, panting and laughing.

"Fuck, that was good," she exclaimed.

Kim lay down on Mandy's side. They shared a brief look before giving each other a quick tongue kiss. Kim then stood on her knees, leant forward towards Adrian's cock and started sucking it. He gasped as her lips slid back and forward across the head and shaft.

"She likes sucking cock," Mandy noted casually. "Think she's good at it?"

Adrian felt Kim's tongue exploring every inch of his dick and nodded.

Kim stopped sucking, looked at Mandy and winked at her. They shared a brief smile before Kim got on all fours and Mandy lied down in front of her, legs spread and her pussy exposed and perfectly positioned for Kim's head.

"Come on," Kim said eagerly to Adrian. He immediately grabbed her hips and pushed his cock into her. She gasped and started licking Mandy's clit.

"Fuck her harder," Mandy exclaimed, "she licks more if you do."

Adrian tightened his grip and started fucking her faster and deeper. She started licking Mandy more sloppily, almost savagely.

"That's it, love," Mandy cried out as she grabbed Kim's head and started breathing faster. Kim kept making muffled moans with pleasure while Mandy moaned loudly. After a while, she, with considerable effort, pulled away Kim's head from her and panted.

"Stay where you are," she told Kim and assumed the doggystyle position in front of Adrian. Taking the hint quickly, he grabbed her hip with his left hand and filled her up with his cock, fingering Kim with his right. They both moaned, Mandy louder than Kim, as they were fucked from behind, side-by-side. Adrian groaned at the sight of them bent over, asses in the air.

"Oh, my fucking God," he muttered. Mandy chuckled.

"This turn you on," she asked. "Having two open, fuckable asses in front of you?"

"You bet."

He kept fucking them both a while before they both looked at each other and moved forward, his limbs sliding out of them.

"You've been standing up for more than half an hour now," Kim said. "Come here."

They grabbed his hands and pulled him onto the bed.

"Lie down."

He landed on his front, the impact of the fall greatly reduced by the soft mattress, and quickly turned around onto his back, his glistening, still rock-hard dick standing straight up. Kim and Mandy giggled with delight, stroking his body while he stroked their backs and asses.

"Dick or tongue," Kim asked Mandy.

"I've just been fucked in the pussy, I'll sit on his face. You're the one of us who likes cum, anyway."

She looked at Adrian and asked casually:

"You okay with that?"

"No problem here."

"Lovely."

Mandy knelt over his face while Kim squatted over his groin, preparing to stick his cock into her. Almost simultaneously, they lowered their bodies, gasping the moment Adrian's member entered Kim and he started licking Mandy's clit.

"Oh, God," Kim whimpered as she was filled up. She moved up and started fucking him, her tits bouncing with every hump. Mandy, whose pussy was all over Adrian's face, just moaned and started convulsing with pleasure as he hungrily licked her. They made eye contact, the sight of each other being fucked turning them on even further and making them hornier and hornier.

"You look so hot right now," Mandy told Kim, her eyes flicking between her bouncing breasts and pussy. "Does it feel good?"

Kim simply nodded and made a shrill "uh-huh". She then moved her legs in a way so she knelt instead of squatted.

"Come here," she whispered between two moans. Mandy leaned forward as Adrian grabbed her buttocks and started making out with the Kim, their tongues swirling around each other in their mouths. Suddenly, Adrian started groaning. Mandy raised herself so he could speak unhindered.

"You feel like coming yet," he asked, breathing deeply.

"Hell, yes," Mandy said.

Slowing down, Kim said:

"Yeah, let's do that."

She lied down on top of Adrian, her breasts being pressed against his chest.

"Come inside me," she whispered lustfully. "Fill me up with your hot load."

"You got it," he panted.

Kim smiled and assumed her riding position again while Mandy lowered herself onto his face.

"Okay," Mandy said and braced herself. She gasped when she felt Adrian's warm, wet tongue sliding into her pussy, exploring its insides. Kim took this as a start signal and continued riding him, moaning louder and louder. She and Adrian increased their paces, all three of them feeling a massive climax preparing to overwhelm them like a tidal wave. Mandy embraced Kim intimately, looking deep into her eyes.

"I love you so much," she said.

"I love you too."

They kissed. Suddenly, it was as though something exploded within all three of them, causing them to scream out. A massively powerful surge of pleasure flowed through their bodies as Adrian licked Mandy ferociously, shooting his load into Kim's wet, stretched-out pussy. They rode out their orgasms together, as Kim slowed down before stopping completely and Mandy started sinking downwards. They then got up from Adrian, cum dripping out of Kim's pussy, and helped him up. He gradually stood up as Kim and Mandy lied down on the bed in each others' arms.

Adrian looked at them with a mix of happiness and sadness; happiness for them, that they had someone to love in their lives, and sadness that he didn't and the one he could being taken. He picked up his clothes and snuck into the adjacent kitchen in order not to wake them. He drank some water straight from the tap and started getting dressed. When he was done, he heard a quiet voice in the doorway.

"Hey."

It was Mandy, dressed in her robe, her cleavage covered this time. She looked as though she felt guilty about something.

"Hey."

"Listen," she said nervously, "I'm sorry if you felt left-out or even used. Did you?"

"Yeah, a bit. Guess I'm not cut out for threesomes, huh?"

"It's a preference, Adrian. Don't worry about it. You're more comfortable doing it with only one person at a time. Kim and I love watching each other being pleased, you need more intimacy."

Adrian put on his coat.

"Thanks for the advice. I really think I should head home now."

He started leaving, but was stopped in the doorway by Mandy.

"Tell me something," she asked. "Do you enjoy sleeping around like you do?"

"In a general sense, yes."

"Is there anyone near you that you think you could, you know, get emotionally involved with?"

Adrian hesitated for a moment and then confessed:

"There is a woman I work with, but she's taken."

"It's that Janey girl, isn't it?"

Adrian was momentarily shocked.

"Kim told me," Mandy quickly noted.

"She and I hooked up a few times and kept it casual. She then met a guy at the gym and they've been dating for maybe two months now."

"I know how it feels," Mandy noted sympathetically. "It's how Kim and I met. We worked together at the same office. I had a big crush on her while she was dating a man. We became close friends and, for a moment, I considered settling with that. Eventually, they broke up. It took me three more weeks to confess my attraction to her. After that, due to office policy, one of us had to be transferred. She quit and took a job at Emertech and we later moved in here together."

"Sweet story," Adrian said sincerely.

"What I'm trying to say is, maybe you should, you know, get your priorities straight."

"I know, I know."

There was a moment of silence between them.

"Anyway," she said awkwardly, "thanks for...everything and, well, good night," she said nervously before going back to bed with Kim. Adrian left the building and headed home.