 WARNING!! This story contains descriptions of group sex and it is advisable for the ladies to place a protective covering over the chair they are sitting on and for men to have a lubricant available as well as tissue for the clean up. Couples please do whatever you please. The author is not responsible for any tissue damage caused by friction burns or for damage to furniture caused by excess moisture or excess thrusting movements.

I'm sorry that this has taken so long to complete but it is my longest story so far and it just kept getting longer as we added new plots. 

Please send us a message and VOTE, VOTE, VOTE.

*

"Oh for fuck's sake Bruce hurry up!!" I said as we sat in the car outside the shop.

"Maybe he's porking Jo again." Sharon replied.

"I hope not." I said. "He needs to save himself for tonight. He's already came three times today." 

"I'm sure he'll handle it. I'll go give them a hurry on." Sharon hopped out of the car and dashed across the street. As she approached the house the light in the bedroom went off and the outside light came on as the two of them came out of the building. Jo was wearing a slinky little black dress with a great plunging neck line. A string of pearls highlighted her breasts and matched her hair colour. Sharon was wearing a long red dress that also had a plunging neck line. I love plunging neck lines. The girls had gone to great lengths to tart themselves up. It was futile though. They wouldn't be wearing them long. Bruce and I both simply wore jeans and a polo shirt. No messing about here. 

As they came to the car Bruce hopped in the front and the two girls jumped in the back.

"Hi Marcus." Jo said "How are you?"

"Tops, thanks Jo."

"How many people will be at the party?" Jo asked.

"Dunno." I said, "About 30 or so."

"Sounds great doesn't it Bruce."

"Sure does." he said.

Jo was almost falling out of her dress and her and Sharon were very cozy in the back. It was a twenty minute drive along a dirt road to the Boat Club and my poor old Commodore had seen better days. I had been thinking about how Jo could reconcile her Christian beliefs with her wanton behaviour so I simply asked her.

"Jo." I asked "Just tell me if I'm being rude but how did you become such a root rat when you were meant to be doing bible studies?"

"Umm that kind of happened by accident." she shyly started "You probably won't want to hear." 

"If I didn't want to hear I wouldn't have asked."

"Ok, I'll tell you." she sat up in the seat and leant over to Bruce. "Some of this might be a bit unsettling darling, but I know you'll handle it."

"Yeah your right mate." he said "Go for it."

"Well we used to go over to Barb and Tom's place for bible readings every Friday night and there would be about 10 of us all being very pious and we would pray and so on all night. About two months ago we were having a meeting and Tom's 20 year old son Paul and his girlfriend Kim turned up with a tray of brownies they'd baked. Now at this meeting we had myself, Barb, Tom, Mary Elliott from mothers club, Bill the postmaster, the Drury's from Sunday school and the Freemans."

"Not the bloody Freemans." I said. "They are so straight."

"Bullshit." Jo laughed. "Those two are sick. They just cover it up with a religious veneer and lots of guilt. Anyway we all had a cup of tea and some of this slice. Lo and behold I soon discovered that I was getting stoned. Paul had baked hash brownies and was getting us all ripped." 

"The Freemans stoned." I laughed.

"As we all know hooch is good for relaxing the mind and body and after what seemed like 30 minutes or so I look at Mary and she is rubbing her hands all over her body and going on about being full of the Lords love. Bill was watching her and getting very excited, the Drury's had gone outside for some air and as for the Freemans, well the Freemans were talking about exorcising the evil spirits from within and June Freeman had a hand down her pants rubbing her pussy."

"Fair Dinkum?" I asked.

"Yep they were going off." She continued. "Well Barb got all cuddly with me and her blouse was open a bit so while we watched June rubbing her pussy and Mary rubbing her tits we rubbed each other through our clothes. I was getting really horny now and so I slid a hand down Barb's top and grabbed a handful of tit."

"Nice tits too." Bruce said.

"Oh yeah, well Barb lay back and I undid her top revealing her tits to all and sundry. Bill was rubbing his hard on through his pants and Mary had also begun fiddling with her pussy and still going on about miracles and the Lord's love. Tom had slipped his hand under Barb's skirt and was playing with her pussy. Bob Freeman was really stoned and still eating the brownies and soon was babbling on about punishing the evil harlot. He grabbed June and pulled her onto the floor and pushed her down on all fours. Then he pulled her pants down revealing her arse to us all."

"No way!" I said.

"Then he started reciting bits of Leviticus and Numbers before he pulled his cock out of his pants and slammed it home into her arse."

"You're fucking joking, this is bullshit." I said

"Nah it's the truth they went off." Jo said. "After that all hell broke loose. She was screaming and Mary was calling out for God's love so Bill just stood up, dropped his daks and plopped his cock into Mary's mouth. I was mega horny now so I started to have a rub through my pants. Tom lifted Barb's bum off the lounge and pulled her knickers off and then dove down into her pussy. This is when I kissed another woman for the first time. Barb and I tongue pashed for ages because when I came out of the daze and looked around Tom was naked and fucking her, Mary was bouncing on Bill's cock on the lounge, the Freemans were still semi clothed and June was lying across the table with Bob still behind her fucking her arse."

"Nah you're making this shit up."

"Shut up Marcus." Sharon said lightly. "Besides it's turning me on."

I looked around quickly and sure enough Sharon was rubbing her pussy and she had her left tit out. 

"Bob Freeman insisted that June have her head covered and he had her top wrapped tightly around her head with a little hole for her to breath out of. Mary was coming as Bill squeezed her tits and then unbelievably Bob pulled June away from the table and swung her around and forced her down onto Bills cock and Mary's cunt. June couldn't see what was happening and when she protested he smacked her arse and told her that this was God's doing so get on with it."

"Yeah I could believe that." I said.

"Mary just kept cumming as June licked and sucked her pussy and Bill shot a load all over Mary's cunt and of course June licked it up." She stopped talking as Sharon pulled one of Jo's tits out and began sucking it. I was concentrating on the road as we didn't have far to go.

"Bob eventually came in her arse" Jo continued after she slid her hand up Sharon's dress and down her knickers. Then he disturbed us all by standing up above her and then pissing all over her arse."

"No fucking way." Bruce said beating me to it. I noticed the red lights of a car ahead of us and the headlights of a car behind us as we continued down the road.

"Yeah he was rabbiting on about cleansing the demons and shit. Then he made her lick his cock clean. She was really submissive. I was still without a cock and Tom and Barb were in full flight so I went looking for Paul, Tom's son. I stripped off so I was completely nude and went down the hall to his room and just walked in."

"He's pretty hot." Sharon said 

"Fucking oath." Jo said. "Especially when he's stark bullocking naked with his cock fair up Kim's delicious little snatch. She was on all fours getting really pounded by his fine eight inch cock and they didn't even blink an eye when I came in. Fuck your pussies wet." she said to Sharon.

"Anyway I pulled his cock out of her cunt and began sucking it. Kim hopped off the bed and slid between my legs and began sucking at my cunt and I just exploded. I came like a train. Paul hopped off the bed and slid his cock into my pussy as Kim sucked my clit. I was continually orgasming. It was brilliant. Later on Kim and I swallowed his jizz."

"What about the Drury's?" Bruce asked.

"They fucked off home."

"Bummer" I said. 

"Now Tom, Barb, Bill, Mary and I get together every so often and just screw. We left the Freeman's out. Too weird."

"Here we are." I said as the lights of the boat club came into view. The car park had about 20 cars in it and I could hear music coming from the clubhouse. Light was coming out from the front of the building and reflecting off the river. The entrance was lit by a single red light and I watched as two fine looking girls with long brunette hair and petite figures entered the building. The sky was now dark and the mozzies had descended looking for food. The car behind us pulled in and a little nude Asian girl hopped out of the back seat followed by a young hunk of a man with an enormous stiffy poking out of his shorts. 

"Check this out." I said to everyone. We all stopped as the young girl squatted down and began sucking the blokes cock. 

"Strewth." said Bruce. The driver, another young man, hopped out and came over to the couple and pulled his cock out of his shorts. The young girl flicked her long hair over her shoulder and began sucking on his cock as well. 

"Wow those guys are nice." Jo said. "Nice cocks."

"Shall we watch or go inside?" Sharon asked.

"Let's go inside." Jo said. "I'm horny."

We strolled over to the doorway and I kept looking back at the little slut sucking cock in the car park. By the time we reached the doorway the threesome had split up and were also walking towards the door. The little Asian girl had pulled on a simple dress and she was truly beautiful.

"Here come our car park friends." I said. We opened the door and we were greeted by a lady in her late 40's with short blonde hair. She sat at a desk and beside her stood two very buff Maori bouncers. Some crappy dance music was coming from the bar. To my right a door with Ladies Entrance was just closing as the two brunettes I had seen earlier disappeared from view. On the left a sign said Men's Entrance.

"Greetings." She said. We all said hello and she looked down into a book that lay on the counter. "Who invited you here tonight?" she asked.

"Umm a young girl called Kelly." I said.

"Was that her last name or first?" she asked

"Last." She scoured the list and after a short tense time she said. "Ah yes four new guests."

At that time the Asian girl and her two beaus entered the building and stood behind us. Both Jo and Sharon were checking out the boys.

She continued. "My name is Julie and I am the host for tonight. I have been running these parties for some years now and as with everyone that comes here you will have to be introduced to the nights rules and guidelines." She pointed to the girls. "You lovely ladies can go into the Ladies change room and you four gents can go into the men's room and wait. I hope that you enjoy the night."

Bruce and I bade farewell to our maidens and walked into the change room with the other two blokes. The room was full of lockers and towels and three other fellows were waiting on some chairs. Unfortunately one of them was a fellow I despised to the core of my being. Brian was a real estate agent who had screwed me over a block of land along the river. I hated the prick. He was also fairly chubby and had just taken a Russian bride. She was a bit of alright though. We all just looked at each other without saying hello. All of a sudden we were very shy. Thankfully the silence was broken by the door to the bar opening. 

"Hi boys." said the first of three lovely girls to enter the room. She was slim a blonde about 5' 6" with a lovely trimmed pussy and a gold mesh bra. Across her belly was written her name Sue. Following her was a tall skinny brunette with barely any tits and a mini skirt on. Her name, also displayed on her belly, was Kylie. The third girl was a short haired brunette with not a stitch of clothing on. Her name was Lyn. 

"Welcome to the party." she said. "Now you may be wondering, if this is your first time here, just what is going on." 

"We were a bit." said Brian. 

"Well this is Ladies night tonight and we have a few rules that you have to abide by or you will be asked to leave." She pointed to the lockers. "First of all is that you must all now get undressed and stay that way for the rest of the night."

"You're kidding." Brian said.

"No sir." she said firmly "I'm not. Ok now everybody please get undressed." 

All of us with the exception of Brian stripped very quickly. He carried on a bit and seemed to take forever. I soon found out why. In the dick department Brian was certainly lacking. 

"Now." Sue continued. "Please put your clothes into a locker and after locking it remove the key and pass it to me." We all did as we were asked and as she took the keys from us she wrote the code into a book and asked for our name which she then wrote next to it. 

"Ok now for the rules of engagement for the night." She pulled a black texta out of a draw and walked over to Brian. "Firstly we need to write your name on your chest." She wrote Brian in big letters across his chest. Then she did the same to all of us. 

"Now we all know who we are." She sat on the table and slightly opened her legs to allow me a view of her labia. "The next rule is the one that will make or break your night here. As you can see I have my pussy fully exposed." With that she lay back and spread her legs further apart and then rubbed her fingers of her left hand over her moist snatch. "What this means is that because I have a bra on I suck cock and pussy fuck dick." 

"Oh yeah." Said Dave, one of the car park boys.

"Kylie here is wearing a mini skirt and that means that she is up for blow jobs only. Any girl that is wearing a top is suck and pussy fuck only, a bottom is suck only. Got that?" she asked.

We all nodded. To make a point Kylie walked over to Dave and squatted down in front of him. She took his cock and very enthusiastically began sucking on it. 

"Lyn here is totally nude. What this means is simple. Lyn will fuck anything. She will take it in the arse, cunt and mouth. She will lick out a woman whilst being fucked. She will truly do anything. Now Bruce bring your cock here and slip it into my pussy please."

I hadn't noticed but Bruce had good wood and he moved over to the table and as she lay back he slipped it into this delectable blonde. 

"Nice cock." she said to him. "Now you Ian, bring your cock over here." Ian was the other bloke from the car park. He wandered over pumping his cock and she grabbed it as soon as it got close and began licking at it.

Then Lyn the naked chick took over. "As you can see Kylie and Sue are now occupied. I however have no cocks at my disposal, just yet..." she added playfully. "I can suck on Sue's beautiful tits." She pulled Sue's top down and pulled out a lovely titty and licked the nipple. "Or I can share Dave's cock with Kylie." She spun around and bent over and kissed Dave's meat. 

"Now this is good." Ian said as he rubbed his cock over Sue's face.

"Now I have four horny men wanting to fuck me."

My cock was ready to burst.

"But unfortunately lads..." She waited, teasing us. "You will have to wait." She pointed to the door and five other fellows were looking in. 

"Ladies." she called out to Kylie and Sue. "We have some new recruits." 

The two girls reluctantly moved away from their respective partners and straightened themselves up. 

Kylie took the reins again. "Now that you know these simple rules please enjoy the night and if needed some erection sustaining medications are available at the bar."

Sue moved over to the door and swung it open and seven very horny men walked into the bar. It could have been any bar in any country except for one distinct detail. It was full of naked men and either naked or semi naked women. For example at the bar stood a tall blonde about 19 with gorgeous tits cloaked behind a black bikini top and Erica written on her belly. Her trimmed bush was being rubbed by Tom whilst she stroked Trev's cock On the lounge to my left were three men and three naked ladies in their forties all just having a drink and a flirt. Carmel, a very petite brunette with short cropped hair and fine tits who was wearing a little tartan mini skirt matched with long white socks, was squatting between two blokes giving them a double head job. She had cum on her tits so she had been busy. 

About 40 people were in the bar around with about 15 women and the rest men. I couldn't see Jo or Sharon so I wandered over to the bar and got a beer. The beer was free. God life was good. Free beer and naked chicks. When I took a few sips from my ale I noticed at the end of the bar the two girls who had came into the shop earlier that day. I wandered over and saw that the brunettes name was actually Kelly and the tiny blonde was Amy. 

"Good evening ladies." I said as I checked them out. Kelly was superb. She had on a string bikini top and nothing else. She sat on the stool with her nice trimmed pussy slightly opened and used. Amy had on a pair of black lace French knickers and her little titties were red from sucking.

"So Kelly is your first name then?"

"Yes Marcus it is."

"No wonder the lady at the door was confused." I said. "I thought she might have chucked us out."

"That would have been terrible." Amy said as she reached out and grabbed my cock. "Because then you wouldn't get to fuck Kelly." She squatted down and started pumping at my cock. "You do want to fuck Kelly don't you?"

Kelly had spread her legs apart. "Of course I do." Amy wrapped her delightful lips around my cock and licked and flicked it gently. A cheer came up as one of the blokes that Carmel was blowing shot his load over her face. Another girl whose name I didn't catch ran over and began licking and kissing the cum off Carmel. As Amy licked me Kelly rubbed her moist pussy and slipped a few fingers into herself. To my right I could see the back of a lounge with two men sitting on either side of a woman who looked familiar. Amy was trying to get as much of my cock into her mouth as she could. Kelly was sucking at my nipples and holding Amy's hair as she deep throated me. I reached down and rubbed all over Kelly's sopping slit. Her hair was neatly trimmed and boy was she ready for a fuck. 

"Fuck my pussy." She said. "Fuck me."

Amy heard her and let my cock slide out of her mouth. Kelly inched forward on the stool so that her pussy was right at the edge and at the perfect height for me to slide my dick into her. Amy held my cock against Kelly's pussy lips and rubbed it up and down, slopping Kelly's nectar all over her. With a gentle push my cock slid easily into Kelly and she let out a slow moan as I entered her to the hilt. Amy stood up and began sucking at Kelly's glorious firm tits. I did the gentlemanly thing and put my beer down on the bar and with my left hand grabbed Kelly's left tit and with my right hand I reached around and grabbed a handful of Amy's cute little arse. Amy responded by reaching down and grabbing the base of my cock and rubbing Kelly's clit with her finger as she did so. We both felt Kelly shudder as Amy brushed her clit so Amy applied more pressure to it. I had found my way into Amy's pussy and she was also really wet but alas she had the no rooting sign on so I supposed I had to make do with a feel.

"Here move your legs." Amy said to Kelly. 

Kelly spread her left leg onto the bar stool next to her and Amy slid right in next to us. I almost had the perfect position with Kelly, I could really easily slide into her and she was really getting a work out from Amy. When Bruce came over to the bar he knew what to do.
