 (c) 2010 All Rights Reserved

Author's note: This is a story that I did as something of an exercise just to see if I could. It involves a bunch of stuff I don't usually write about such as voyeurism, group sex, and little FF as well. It's not a story about character or plot. If that's not your thing, you've been warned; if it is, hope you enjoy.

"But I'm not sure," she said.

"You'll enjoy it, my dear," he told her. "You told me you were curious."

Her face turned crimson. "I am, I just...I just never thought I would."

"You will," he said, "although you'll watch first. Now, come inside."

Sadie let Gerard lead her into the red parlor, which was in the rear of the house. She shivered slightly, both from the chill and from nervousness. Was she really about to see this? Gerard had said she could watch as another woman, one of the servants was...fucked in front of her. 

Sadie blushed at even thinking the word. She wanted to know, she wanted to see. But she'd always been told how naughty it was, how dirty. Gerard had laughed at that, told her she'd been the victim of small-minded people, and he would show her that fucking and all the related activities could be quite fun.

He gently nudged the small of her back and she took an unsteady step into the room. She saw furniture and other things she didn't recognize, nor could she guess at the purpose.

"Now," said Gerard, "you will sit here. Take off your robe."

"What?" Sadie squeaked.

"Don't worry, Sadie, no one will know. Nothing leaves this room. Now, off." With shaking hands, Sadie undid the tie of her robe and let it fall from her shoulders. Gerard picked it up and hung it on a hook.

"Ah, sir, you're here. She's lovely."

Sadie gasped at the voice and moved to cover herself. Gerard took her hands and held them to her sides. 

"Hello, Madam Anne. Yes, she's lovely, isn't she?"

Madame Ann was dressed in a short, silk red robe. She came over to Sadie, looked at Gerard. He nodded and Sadie jumped when the woman touched her breasts.

At Gerard's direction, she was wearing a corset, but little else. Her breasts were supported but bare, and her nipples were hard and tight. She gasped as Madame Anne rolled a nipple between her thumb and forefinger, giving a gentle pull at the same time. Then Anne's hand moved down between her legs.

Sadie moved to close her legs, but Gerard had somehow maneuvered his leg between hers, and Anne had unobstructed access to Sadie's pussy.

"She's...anxious, Gerard," Anne said with a teasing voice. Sadie's eyes widened as the woman's fingers slid along the folds between her legs. "She's quite wet."

Another finger joined Anne's, thicker and rougher, as Gerard felt for himself. "You're right, Anne. Shall we proceed?"

"Of course." Anne left and Sadie stared, surprised to find she was missing the fingers.

Anne clapped and another girl came in. She was completely naked and Sadie stared. The girl's blonde hair was tied back, making her seem even more naked. Her breasts weren't as large as Sadie's, but the dark pink nipples sat atop lighter pink circles. Sadie wondered what they felt like, and what the girl felt like between her legs.

"Come, Sadie." Gerard sat down and as Sadie looked for her place, he moved her in front of him. "Spread your legs, now." With his help, she did and found herself straddling his lap, her back to his front.

"But, but I can't..." she whispered. With her legs wide like this, she imagined everyone could see her private parts. No, she reminded herself as she tried to even out her breathing, my pussy. 

"You can, Sadie. You'll see." Gerard held her in place. His arms came around and cupped her breasts, rolling the nipples between his fingers as Madame Anne had done. Sadie was surprised to find she wished one hand would go between her legs.

"Go on, Anne." Gerard continued to touch Sadie.

Anne nodded and then gestured to the blonde girl, who went do a door, opened it, and brought in a naked man. 

"That," said Gerard as he continued to tease Sadie's nipples, "is a man's cock when he's excited. Do you know what he does with it, Sadie?" 

She nodded. The man was huge, and so was his cock. She couldn't imagine it fitting inside anyone's body.

Before she could think anything else, the girl went to her knees and put the man's cock in her mouth. Sadie gaped. The girl slid her head forward and back, hiding and revealing the man's thick, hard shaft. Occasionally she would let it slip out of her mouth and then she would run her tongue along the length. 

The girl continued to do this as the man groaned in pleasure and Madame Anne adjusted the girl's position so that she was now back on her feet but bent at the waist. Sadie watched as Anne began to rub the girl between the legs, remembering how it had felt. She gasped when Gerard's finger went between her own legs, moving in time with Anne's.

"She's right. You are anxious."

After a moment, Madame Anne stopped and tapped the girl's shoulder. The girl rose, then sat on a chair, her legs spread and her pussy open wide to Sadie's view. The man came next to her, knelt down, and to Sadie's surprise, began to lick and suck at the girls' nipples.

"We'll do that to you later," Gerard promised. Sadie couldn't speak.

Madame Anne came to the other side of the girl, with something in her hand. Sadie wondered what it was called, but the purpose was clear as Anne slid the item into the girl's pussy. Sadie almost winced, but the girl made a moan that was clearly one of pleasure and raised her hips to meet Anne's thrusts.

"Just like this," Gerard said, and Sadie cried out softly as his finger slid into her pussy, again moving in time with Anne. Every so often, he would brush some part of her that seemed extra sensitive, and she felt a warmth coiling in her body.

Anne stood up, taking the thing out of the girl's pussy, and the man moved in front of her. Gerard told Sadie to look up, and she did, finding the ceiling mirror just in time to see the nameless man push his cock into the girl's pussy, taking the place of Anne's toy. Sadie couldn't help but wonder how that felt.

"Your turn, Sadie." She hadn't realized what Gerard had done until she felt something hard and hot between her legs and knew it had to be his cock. 

"I don't...I don't know..." she tried to say, but then Gerard thrust up and she went still, filled to bursting. She felt as though she'd been split, although it felt wonderful at the same time. Gerard grabbed her hips and raised her up and brought her back down and she couldn't think.

The blonde girl was gasping and crying out as the man between her legs continued to fuck her, thrusting his hips back and forth in a steady rhythm. 

Sadie realized that Madame Anne was staring straight at her and was helpless to do anything but stare back as Gerard continued to thrust in and out, faster than the other man. When Madame Anne began to walk over, Sadie's mouth went dry.

Anne used one hand to tease Sadie's nipples, hard as they were, and other found a spot between her legs that made Sadie jerk. Anne merely smiled as she continued to rub what Sadie would later learn was called a clit, and after another moment, Sadie could take it no more and cried out as her body began to jerk. She felt warmth seep out between her legs but didn't know what to make of it.

"Now, relax, Sadie," Gerard instructed. It was easy to comply as she was limp from her orgasm. He lifted her hips, shifted her forward, and Sadie began to protest as the tip of his cock pushed against her rear hole.

"Relax dear," Anne purred. "Look, she's enjoying it."

Sadie blinked her eyes and saw the blonde girl had moved onto her knees, the man behind her. She looked up again at the mirror and saw that he was clearly putting his cock in the girl's ass this time, and the girl seemed just as enthusiastic as she had before.

"Relax," said Anne again, and this time leaned down to take one of Sadie's nipples in her mouth. Sadie gasped and went limp, not protesting as Gerard's cock pushed and pushed past her rear entrance and slowly in. 

"Good," said Anne. "Do you think she's ready now?"

"As she'll ever be."

Sadie wondered what that meant and then felt something pressing at her pussy again. But if Gerard was fucking her ass, then what...

She looked down to see...the thing that Anne had put in the blonde girl. It was on some kind of belt, and now it looked as though Madame Anne had a cock. Sadie was speechless as the shaft pushed into her still-wet pussy. 

"It's lovely, isn't it?" Anne asked, then thrust in hard. 

Sadie cried out, unused to the feeling of one cock inside her, let alone two. Gerard and Anne found a rhythm and Sadie was helpless, letting them hold her up between them as both her pussy and ass were stretched and used. When fingers—she wasn't sure whose—twisted and pulled at her nipples, she could only moan, turning her head from side to side. 

The coiling feeling was building again, and this time when she released it, she cried out and shook on both cocks. She went limp and tried to catch her breath, but neither Gerard nor Anne ceased their movements.

"Did you like that, Sadie?" Gerard's voice was rough as he continued to thrust in her ass.

"I...I...yes..." Sadie found it hard to think, let alone talk.

"Of course she did." Madame Anne's voice had a smile in it. "Couldn't you tell?" She reached down to rub Sadie's clit again and Sadie jerked, her body now oversensitive.

After a moment, Sadie heard some noises and realized the other girl was still being fucked as well. Anne made one last thrust into Sadie's pussy and pulled out, then stepped aside.

"Watch this, my dear," Anne said.

Sadie followed Anne's eyes to the other couple. The man was still fucking the blonde girl from behind, in the ass, just as Gerard was doing to Sadie. The girl's hand was between her legs and now Sadie knew what she was doing. The man's breathing was ragged, and then with a low groan, he pulled his cock out of the girl and Sadie watched, astounded, as fluid leapt out of his cock and splashed onto the blonde girl's back.

"Do you know what that is, Sadie?" Gerard lifted her up and down on his cock. "That's his cum."

"Oh." Sadie didn't realize that like the blonde girl, her hand was going between her own legs, seeking her clit so that she could experience another orgasm. She'd never had one—or seen one had—before tonight, but she wanted it again.

"I'm going to do that soon, Sadie."

"I...ah..." Sadie watched as the girl collapsed onto the chair, and the man behind her continued to stroke her body.

"Soon, Sadie. And inside you."

Sadie's eyes widened as Gerard's thrusts became stronger and more erratic; she could feel his cock jamming into her. Suddenly he tightened his grip on her hips and held her down. He bucked against her and she realized he was coming, as the other man had. His cum is inside me, she thought with a start.

Gerard's breathing was harsh but began to even out. He eased his fingers on her hips and dropped his head back. Sadie found she was relaxing as well, even with Gerard's cock still inside her ass.

"So, Sadie."

Sadie looked up at Madame Anne, feeling as though she was lost in a fog. 

"Did you enjoy that?"

"Y...Yes."

"Do you have any questions?"

Sadie paused. "Will...will I do this again?"

Madame Anne laughed and Sadie felt Gerard's body move against (and within) her as he chuckled.

"You most certainly will, Sadie," Gerard assured her.