 I was finally boarding the plane, after making my way through the maze of airport security, when my cell phone rang. Oh, good, it was my best friend Tina! We'd been playing phone tag for a few days, and I wanted to talk to her before taking off on this business trip.

"Hey, Tina, you just caught me - I'm getting on the plane right now!"

"I thought I might catch you, Kristie! I hope you have a great trip. I know you're not particularly excited about all of your meetings, but maybe you can have some fun while you're there?"

"Yeah, I'm sure I can - maybe I'll even meet someone new, see where things lead."

"Hey, maybe you'll meet someone new on the plane - finally join the mile high club!" Tina said with a chuckle, knowing I was far too straight-laced ever to do such a thing.

"Yeah, right, Tina, I'm sure. After all the uneventful flights I've had to and from business meetings, this will be the one where I join the mile high club." I blushed as I realized that a few people heard me as I walked down the aisle, looking for my seat. Oh well, I'm sure they could tell I was joking.

"OK, I'm at my seat now, I'd better go. I'll call you when I get there."

Tina, not ready to stop teasing, said, "OK, but first you have to describe to me the hottie you'll be sitting next to!"

"Jeez, Tina, why do you take such pleasure in embarrassing me? Luckily for me, there's nobody in the seat next to me, so I don't have to answer your question. Bye, I'll call you when I get there."

"OK, talk to you soon."

All kidding aside, I was glad there was nobody sitting next to me. It would be nice to stretch my legs a bit and put my carry-on bag in the seat next to me. I still needed a little time to prepare for my meetings. As soon as the plane was airborne, I pulled out my laptop and started going over my notes.

After about 20 minutes, the flight attendant came by with the beverage cart. "Can I offer you something, miss? Water, juice?"

Pulling my nose out of my laptop, I looked up at her, replying, "Water would be great, thanks."

"Here you go, miss. Oh, and you're in seat 34A? I have a note for you from another passenger."

I was baffled, but took the note from her anyway, unfolded it, and read it as I sipped my water. Most of the water came right back out of my mouth in an unintentional spit-take as the contents of the note sunk in. Not only had someone on the plane heard my 'mile high' comment, they appeared to be propositioning me. But who? And was it just a joke?

The note read, "I liked what I heard, and what I saw. I'm in 17F if you're interested in living out that little fantasy of yours. Walk over here and check me out. If you don't like what you see, just keep moving, and I'll leave you alone. If you do, give me a little nod and go back to your seat. I'll make the next move."

I could feel the blood rushing to my face, again embarrassed at my careless comment while getting on the plane. But I was also intrigued, and instantly turned on. What harm could it do to just follow the instructions?" If I wasn't interested once I got there, I could just keep on walking. After what seemed like forever, I got up the courage to put my laptop away and get out of my seat. I killed even more time by stopping in the bathroom, where I splashed some cold water on my face. Nope, it didn't cool me off. Still hot and bothered, I decided to keep going, and made my way through the aisles to the opposite side of the plane, in search of 17F.

I'm sure my mouth dropped open as I approached the seat and saw the occupant – it was a woman! I had just assumed that the note had come from a man. Shocked as I was, I was still turned on, and gave the hot young woman a little nod. She nodded back in understanding, and I returned to my seat.

"I'll make the next move," the note had said. What would she do? When? How would I know? I didn't have to think about it for very long, as she soon appeared in the aisle next to my seat. "Do you remember me?" she asked me in a perky voice, loud enough for those around us to hear. "Kennedy High School, right?" giving me a glance that suggested I should go along with what she was saying.

"Yeah, hey, great to see you again," was my reply. "Do you want to join me? There's nobody in this seat next to me."

"Sure, that'd be great, give us a chance to catch up." And with that, she sat down next to me. Passengers in neighboring seats had clearly decided that we were boring, and began putting on their headphones to avoid having to listen to this conversation of 20-somethings catching up from high school. As they were doing that, this stranger sitting next to me whispered to me that her name was Vanessa. She looked to be about 21, with long blonde hair and blue eyes, and an obviously hot body only slightly hidden by the baggy sweatshirt and sweatpants she was wearing for the flight. Me? I'm 23, a natural blonde with green eyes, perky 36C tits, and long lean legs. My comfortable flight outfit was slightly different from hers - I was in a tight-fitting blue t-shirt, a knee-length denim skirt, and boots.

She took the airplane blanket from her seat, unfolded it, and motioned for me to cover myself with it as fully as I could. I did so. She whispered to me that she would keep up the pretense of our conversation, and expected me to as well, but that she would also begin whispering instructions to me, and expected me to follow them.

"So, where are you working now?" was her innocent conversation starter, followed by, in her whispered voice, "Pull up your shirt and start fondling your tits."

Under cover of the blanket, I followed her first instruction, pulling my tight top over my breasts (I never wear a bra when I fly) so that my hands had access. "I'm in advertising, and I'm actually on a trip to meet with a client," my proper answer followed.

"That's cool! I'm just getting my feet wet in real estate." And after a pause, "Now, you can keep working your tits if you want, but I want you to unzip your skirt, and use one of your hands to reach into your panties and start rubbing your clit."

"That must be an exciting field," I replied, trying to contain a sigh as the fingers of my right hand found my hard clit.

"It really is. I get to make my own schedule, and it's satisfying to help people find their perfect location." The subtle double-entendre obviously intentional, she continued, "I want you to really start working your clit. Take your hand off your breast, it's too obvious under the blanket, and I think someone's coming."

I quickly shifted my hands so that both were inside my panties, with my left thumb working my clit and a few fingers of my left hand now slipping into my pussy. She was right, this looked less obvious to someone walking in the aisle, as long as I kept my movements slow and steady.

Allowing the innocent conversation to end, as often happens on flights anyway as one or both people get bored, she now just whispered her sexual instructions to me. "Keep going, work it, I want you to be ready for what's coming. That's it, real slow and steady."

What did she mean, what's coming? And why wasn't she asking me to do anything for her? But I didn't care - I was committed to this, no matter what she had planned. I was now rubbing my clit more furiously, but the fingers in my pussy were keeping up their regular calm rhythm. As I arched my back and let my head fall back against my seat, I could feel her move closer to me, whispering in my ear, "Stop. Make yourself decent, and when you're ready, go up to first class." With that, she got up and left.

I really didn't want to stop, as I was well on my way to bringing myself to an orgasm right here in my seat, with unknowing passengers all around me. But I decided to trust that she must have something exciting planned for us. It took me a few minutes to readjust my clothes underneath the blanket and decide that I was presentable enough to get up and walk through the aisles without drawing attention to myself. Thankfully, the flight attendants were all busy getting the food service ready, so none of them noticed as I went through the curtain separating first class from coach.

Vanessa was already there, in a seat next to a very handsome man, obviously quite a bit older than her - maybe 45? He was dressed for business in a very expensive suit that showed off his athletic physique, and I quickly noticed his deep brown eyes as I came closer to their seats. I also noticed that they were the only passengers in first class, and realized that we could probably do something pretty wild right here without being caught.

Before I could say anything, he addressed me. "Vanessa tells me you're up for a little excitement on this flight?"

"Oh, yeah," I replied, "just tell me what you want, I'm ready for anything."

"Well, I think the flight attendants will be coming through here with the meal service soon, so maybe we should start things with you hidden out of sight. Why don't you get on all fours and crawl over here, I bet you can get my cock nice and hard while I wait for my meal."

"Hmm, sounds like a plan," I said, and quickly followed his instructions. I chuckled to myself as I realized how much more legroom there was in first class - enough to get a blowjob from a girl kneeling in front of you! I was soon positioned on all fours between the two of them, with my ass between Vanessa's legs and my mouth between his. As I unzipped his slacks and pulled out his flaccid cock, Vanessa spread out another airplane blanket, hiding me - to anyone walking down the aisle, the two of them just looked like a cozy, cuddly couple. I then heard both of them pull down their tray tables, giving me even more protection from detection.

As I began working slowly on his cock, I could hear the flight attendant's cart make its way towards us. He was just beginning to get hard in my mouth, and Vanessa's hand was surreptitiously hiking up my skirt, as the flight attendant asked them both, "Chicken or pasta?"

With the utmost innocence, the man (I still didn't know his name!) asked if they could both have the chicken, but if she could please put their meals off to the side, maybe on one of the empty seats, because right now they just wanted to take a nap.

"Absolutely, sir, I'll just leave your meals right over here, and I'll be sure you're not disturbed until later in the flight."

"Thank you so much, I really appreciate it."

As the flight attendant left with her cart, I could hear the tray tables going back up, and then felt Vanessa's hand slide into my panties. My pussy was still so wet from my earlier masturbation that two of her fingers slid in easily, and she began finger-fucking me hard, which encouraged me to go at his cock with more enthusiasm. He was big - 8 inches at least - but I was now taking his entire length into my mouth with each stroke, and fondling his balls as I sucked.

I could feel him start to thrust, but he quickly stopped himself, obviously wanting to save something for later. Vanessa's fingers pulled out of me, and they both whispered for me to get up. As I emerged from under the blanket, I could see that they had also pushed back the armrest between them, effectively turning their first-class airplane seats into a big leather sofa.

Vanessa gave me her seat, and took my place kneeling on the floor. I assumed that she was going to take over sucking the man's cock, but instead she went down on me - the first time a woman had done that! She started with her tongue on my clit, in long, slow licks interrupted occasionally with a teasing nibble. After a few moments, she added her hand, wetting her fingers in my very wet pussy and pushing them into me. Two, three, four fingers of her petite hand were now, again, fucking me as she continued to lick my clit.

I looked over at the man, who was obviously extremely turned on by this action in the seat next to him. I spit on my hand and grabbed his cock, and began working him in long, slow strokes. In return, he leaned down and devoured my right breast, sucking firmly and nibbling on my nipple. This hot threesome, especially with the expert attention on my pussy and clit, was beginning to bring me to the edge of a powerful orgasm. I arched my back and moaned, but just as the sound escaped my lips, I could feel the man's hand cover my mouth.

"Shhhhhh," he whispered, "we'll get caught."

I nodded my understanding, remembering where I was, and he took his hand away again. He then tapped Vanessa on the shoulder, and when she looked up at him, whispered, "It's time."

With that, Vanessa pulled away from me and stood up. I still wanted, needed, to cum, but I was at the mercy of these two incredibly hot and adventurous people. I wanted either for Vanessa to keep eating my pussy, or for this man to fuck me, but left myself open to whatever they had in mind - they had obviously worked out this fantasy to every detail.

Luckily, they were mind readers. The man motioned for me to get up and stand in front of him. At first I faced him, but he then turned me around, hiked up my skirt, and pushed his hand between my legs, forcing me to spread them, straddling his. With me in this vulnerable position, he reached up, and with one hand on each shoulder, pulled me down onto his cock in one smooth motion. Before I could even catch my breath, his entire length was inside of me, and the feeling of fullness after so much foreplay almost sent me into orgasm instantly.

Vanessa, still on the floor in front of us, started working on both of us as he began to fuck me, slowly at first. Her tongue again found my clit, and as I looked down at her beautiful face, I could see that she was fondling the man's balls with both hands. Meanwhile, he had reached around and grabbed both of my breasts firmly, using them to encourage my motion up and down on his cock. As we began moving faster, Vanessa was no longer able to keep her tongue on my clit, and instead began stroking it with her thumb. She also let go of his balls as he began to thrust into me, allowing them to slap against me with the end of each long stroke.

The man began to moan softly, and I could feel his hot breath on my back as I began furiously bobbing up and down on his cock. Vanessa, no longer able to keep up with our rapid fucking, stood up in front of me, and I now found her navel directly in front of my face. Although obviously enjoying the show, she was clearly missing out on the action, so I took it upon myself to lick two of my fingers, reach down, and thrust them into her pussy. She responded by spreading her legs slightly, giving me even more access, and I soon had three, then four fingers inside of her, a tight fit, and began fucking her with the same fast rhythm I was using on his cock.

As he fucked me and I fucked her, I could see them looking deep into each other's eyes. This was obviously the fulfillment of their fantasy, but fortunately I was also getting something out of this whole scenario. As her juices began to flow down around my fingers, dripping down my hand, he moved his hands from my breasts to my hips, and I could tell he was coming close to cumming. With no words, only the sounds of sex overwhelmed the roar of the plane: his cock sliding in and out of my dripping pussy, his balls slapping against my skin, my fingers forcing themselves into her tight pussy.

I was the first to cum, biting my own hand to avoid screaming out with one of the most powerful orgasms of my life. As I reached the end of my climax, I stopped my motion up and down on his cock, and allowed my pulsing pussy muscles to do the rest, clenching around his cock as he shot his cum deep inside of me. Watching the ecstasy on each of our faces, Vanessa let herself go as well, and I felt a rush of juices spill out over my fingers. I'm sure this was just the first of many orgasms for her today as they celebrated the living out of this fantasy.

Knowing that a lot of time had passed and that the flight attendant would surely be back soon, I quickly pulled myself up, pulled down my skirt and top, and made myself as presentable as possible for the walk back to my seat. Realizing my hand was still covered with her cum, I offered it to her to lick her juices from me. As she did, the man, who had also been busy making himself presentable, now whispered to me, simply, "Thank you."

My reply, also whispered, was, "No, really, thank you."