 We desperately needed a getaway. For the past several months, our sex life had been taking a back seat to the events of everyday life. It was becoming harder and harder to find the time, energy and privacy for the fuck sessions we both enjoy.

I knew that we needed a couple of days away from home to eat, drink and fuck. I packed a bag full of our favorite toys and we hit the road early on Friday afternoon. 

As we made the short drive to one of our favorite cities, I noticed that my wife Keri was reading erotica on her Kindle. I love it when she reads a good story. That always helps her get her mind in the right place. 

Looking at her sitting next to me, I couldn't help but think about how she is a study in contrast. Keri is the soccer mom everybody knows. At 5'3, she has beautiful, long brown hair and a sexy, curvy body. I love her full 34D breasts and her round ass that draws a lot of attention her way. She is what many men would describe as a MILF, but she usually dresses conservatively and generally behaves in our home town. 

What the other soccer moms don't know is that under her conservative clothes are a shaved pussy and a large tattoo of a flower just to the left of her crotch. They also have no idea that she enjoys being a dirty whore in our bedroom. 

As far as her sexual tastes go, Keri loves to be controlled and dominated by me. Some of our favorite play time involves me tying her legs back and torturing her wonderful pussy with dildos, vibrators and a suction cup device she ordered online. When she is really feeling dirty she even takes a butt plug. 

Seeing her sitting next to me in the car reminded me of past car rides where she would unbutton her pants and play with her clit until cumming for me. That brought a smile to my face and my cock was twitching with excitement as it pushed against the crotch of my jeans.

"I can't wait to get you to the hotel," I said as I reached over and rubbed her thigh. 

"I know; I really need to get used this weekend!" Keri said as she squirmed in her seat.

We checked into our hotel and went up to our room to get ready for a night out. Keri took a shower first. I knew she would need time for her hair and makeup. I showered after she got out of the bathroom and came out to find her naked and spread eagle on the bed. She knows how much I love to see her on her back with her legs wide open. 

She looked amazing with her pussy facing me at the edge of the bed and her fingers opening her pussy lips wide to reveal herself to me. Judging by how wet it was, she had obviously been playing with it while I had been in the shower. 

I dropped my towel and walked over to the edge of the bed. I couldn't resist the taste that awaited me and dropped to my knees to shove my face into her sweet pussy. My tongue worked on her clit while I slid three fingers in and out of her hole. She was moaning with pleasure and I felt my cock swelling. I stood up and realized the bed was the perfect height for me to fuck her from a standing position. I grabbed her ankles and held her legs wide open. 

"Do you want this cock?" I asked.

"Please, please fuck me," She begged.

She squeezed her nipples between her fingers as I drove my cock deep into her pussy. I fucked her fast and hard with my balls slapping against her ass. It didn't take long before I filled her with my hot cum. I let go of her legs and bent over to kiss her. 

"Don't worry, there will be plenty more cock for you later, you little slut," I assured her. "I will take good care of you."

Keri pulled me in and kissed me deep. "Thank you, Sir," she whispered playfully. 

When we went out to dinner, I was thrilled that Keri dressed to impress me. Her tits looked incredible in her low cut top. Her push-up bra put her cleavage on display for everyone to savor. She rarely wears skirts but did that night along with sexy, black high heels that had straps around her ankles. She even wore her silver chain anklet around her ankle, knowing that we considered that a symbol of my ownership of her. 

I couldn't keep my hands off her during dinner. "I love what you are wearing but I can't wait to get you naked and fuck the shit out of you," I whispered in her ear. 

Keri smiled and reached under the table to squeeze my cock through my pants. "Well I am extremely horny tonight so you can do anything you want with me," she said softly leaning in to kiss me.

We were having a great time hitting the bars. Drinks were flowing freely and I knew things would get interesting when Keri switched from wine to liquor. One of our stops had a band and a dance floor. Keri teased me repeatedly as we dirty-danced, grinding her ass against my cock as I held her waist tightly. Slow dancing I could feel the heat of her pussy rubbing against my cock as kissed her neck and stroked her tits through her blouse. It was obvious she was ready to let go and have fun.

We decided to stop in for one last drink at one of our familiar dives. After the noise of the band, it was nice to be at a quiet, dark bar with low key crowd. We took two open seats at the bar and ordered drinks. Just to Keri's right I noticed a good looking guy sitting on the next bar stool. He appeared to be in his late thirties and did not look like a local. 

The TV above the bar was on the last quarter of a Friday night college football game and the stranger asked us, "what was that penalty flag for?" He had a definite accent. 

"Pass interference" I replied. "I don't see a lot of this kind of football" he said and smiled at us. 

"Where are you from?" Keri asked him. "I am from Spain; I'm just here for a couple of weeks on business," he replied. 

I was able to get a good look at him and he was the kind of guy that Keri absolutely loves: tall with long dark hair, muscular and Latin. He was obviously an athlete and had a definite charm about him. Keri perked up. "I'm Keri and this is my husband Steven, we're just here for the weekend to have some fun" she offered. 

"Nice to meet you, Keri and Steven, I'm Luis," he said. I reached over and shook his hand. I noticed his eyes dropping to Keri's cleavage. I couldn't blame him, though, as her nipples were starting to stand up through her blouse. 

We both felt very comfortable with Luis, and Keri was definitely attracted to him. She talked non-stop as her hands alternated between flirty touches on both of us and twirling her hair. She was clearly enjoying the attention of two men. 

I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "He is very good looking and I don't care if you flirt with him; I like him. Have fun." I gave her a kiss on her cheek and she smiled. 

"Have I told you that I love you more than anything?" Keri said to me, leaning over to give me a kiss. 

"I love you too, and you look sexy as hell tonight," I replied.

After a while, Luis ordered three shots of tequila. I raised my glass in a toast to him and said, "To our Spanish friend, Luis!" We downed the shots and Keri excused herself to the ladies room. 

I grabbed her arm and pulled her close before she left the bar. "Bring back your panties in your purse, dear." Keri grinned a sly grin and quietly answered, "Yes, sir." She knew exactly what I meant. 

I turned to Luis and said "Thank you for the shot, I owe you one." "My pleasure, Steven. Your wife is very sexy," he said. "

Well I think she really likes you too and she can be a lot of fun." I added. "Maybe you can help me take care of her later?" I inquired. Luis smiled and nodded at me.

After a few minutes, Keri returned to her seat and held her purse discreetly under the bar. She opened the top to show me her panties now in the purse. "Take them out and let me see," I commanded. Blushing deep red and looking around, she removed the leopard print and black lace thong and held it just above her purse. 

"What do you think, Luis?" I asked. Luis leaned into Keri to get a good look and said, "Oh my, very hot. I bet it looks great on you." Still red faced, Keri slipped the thong back into her purse and took a long drink from her Sex on the Beach. 

The color in her face quickly returned as she looked over at Luis and smiled. Luis stayed close to Keri with his left arm resting on the back of her bar stool. I rubbed her left thigh and laughed. "Good girl" I reassured her and winked at her. 

Luis chimed in, "you are my kind of girl!" "I'll drink to that," I said and ordered us another round.

We continued laughing and talking until the bartender announced they were closing. Luis acted disappointed and said, "we were just getting started!" 

"We have a bottle of Fireball in our room. You want to help us finish it off?" I offered. "I would love to help you out," Luis answered. We left the bar to walk to our hotel. All three of us were buzzed and feeling good. 

Luis and I got on either side of Keri and put an arm around her as we walked. Our hotel was a few blocks from the bar. We walked through the dark streets of the old city and Keri was clearly into Luis. 

As the three of us walked up an old, narrow cobblestone staircase to get to the next street level, Keri was in front with me walking directly behind her. I playfully lifted up her skirt and smacked her on her ass cheek. "Hey!" she reacted, pretending to be mad. 

Luis came around me as continued up the steep stairs and placed his hands on her bare ass cheeks under her skirt. "Be careful, I don't want you to fall, Beautiful!" He told her. She did not object.

Keri took his hand as we got to the top of the stairs and held it to her breasts. She kissed his hand and said laughingly, "Thank you, Luis! I'm glad one of you is a gentleman!" 

We got to our room and I offered Luis the chaise lounge chair in the sitting area. I looked at Keri and said, "Why don't you help Luis get comfortable while I get us some drinks?" Keri walked over and climbed onto Luis' lap facing him on her knees straddling his legs.

They began kissing and were soon in a full make-out session. Keri unbuttoned his shirt as her hands explored his chest. Luis helped her pull her blouse over her head and they continued kissing while he reached around and unhooked her bra. 

I poured three glasses of Fireball and sat down in a chair next to them. Keri gasped for air as he released her tits from the bra and his mouth found its way to her nipples. She ran her hands through his long hair as she leaned back and let him suck on her tits. 

Her hips were grinding against his lap and I could see a bulge growing in his pants. 

"You like that don't you, you dirty slut?" I said to Keri. She caught her breath long enough to say, "Yes, I do!" 

"Take your skirt off and move our friend over to the bed then," I instructed her. "Show him what a good little cocksucker you are."

Keri stood up and did as she was told. She unzipped her skirt and dropped it to the floor. She took Luis' hand and led him over to the king size bed. She helped him remove his shirt as they stood by the bed, then reached down and unbuttoned his pants. 

She moved closer and kissed his stomach as she lowered his zipper and slid his pants down over his hips. I could see her stroking his cock as he stepped out of the pants. 

His naked body was impressive. Lean, tan and chiseled with tattoos on his torso and arms. Keri placed hers hands on his chest and guided him to lie back on the bed. His cock was now at attention. 

Her eyes lit up as she climbed up on the bed next to him and kissed his thighs. He was probably seven inches long with a nice thickness that would fill up her pussy perfectly. I leaned forward to get a better view as Keri placed her lips on the tip of his cock and kissed it. 

"Now that is a beautiful sight," I said as Keri took all of his cock into her mouth. She grabbed the base of his shaft and circled her tongue around the head of his cock. She looked into his eyes just before she ran her tongue up and down the length of his cock. Luis was moaning as she moved back up and swallowed the length of his cock. 

Her head bobbed up and down, fucking his cock with her mouth. I stood up and walked over behind her. She pulled back from his cock long enough to look over her shoulder and blow me a kiss. 

I began rubbing her ass as I slipped out of my clothes. Keri moved up and squeezed Luis' cock between her tits. Jerking his cock with her cleavage, she let out a gasp as I started finger fucking her from behind. 

I got completely naked and climbed up on the bed to find her pussy with my tongue. Keri went back to sucking Luis' cock as I ate her pussy. She was dripping wet and her pussy lips were bright pink and swollen. I couldn't resist any longer and got behind her on my knees. She continued working Luis' cock as I rubbed the tip of mine along her pussy lips. 

She looked so sexy bent over sucking that huge cock as I slid my cock into her pussy. I grabbed her by the waist and started fucking her hard and fast. Luis was holding out like a champ as she worked on his cock, but it didn't take long for me to explode in her. I removed my cock from her and sat back.

"Turn around and straddle Luis reverse cowgirl," I told her. She did as I said and quickly turned around and lowered her dripping pussy onto Luis' hard cock. 

I had an excellent view of his cock filling her pussy. I reached over and pinched her nipples as she began rocking up and down on his cock. 

Her breathing became more rapid and I could tell Luis was about to lose it too. "Fuck him good, baby," I said as her hips were bouncing up and down on his cock. Luis let out a load moan as he came in her pussy. Keri kept fucking him and I reached down to rub her clit. She immediately came too with Luis' cock still in her. 

Keri collapsed forward into my arms with Luis' cock still on her pussy. I held her and kissed her. "You are an amazing little slut," I told her. She smiled and moved forward allowing Luis' cock to slip out of her pussy. 

Cum oozed out of her as she rolled onto her side on the bed next to Luis and I lay down beside her.

"I know the boys are good for now, but I bet you need something else," I said to Keri.

I reached over to her bag on the floor and got her Hitachi. I plugged it in and handed to her. "Show Luis what you can do with this," I said.

Keri spread her legs open wide and turned the Hitachi on low. She placed the vibrating head on her clit and immediately went into a trance. Her breathing got faster and she began to squeal with pleasure. Luis and I rubbed her tits as she began to cum. She arched her pelvis in the air as her orgasms hit her one after another.

"Fuck yes!" She screamed.

I noticed Luis was rock hard again so I took the Hitachi from Keri and motioned for him to take a turn with her. Luis got between her legs and began kissing Keri as he eased his cock back into her. She wrapped her legs around him and held onto him as he made love to her. 

After a few minutes, Luis let out a loud groan and collapsed on top of Keri. 

"My turn now," I said as I took Luis' place between Keri's legs.

Watching Luis fuck Keri had made me hard again and I guided the tip of my cock between her swollen pussy lips. I kept her in the missionary position as I began slowly fucking her. I felt her nails in my back and her legs wrapped tightly around my waist. 

I lifted up onto my elbows as my strokes got faster. I could feel my climax building as I looked in to Keri's eyes and fucked her harder. She grabbed my shoulders and kept repeating, "Oh Yes! Fuck Me! Yes!"

My cock erupted and I drained every drop of my cum into her pussy. I felt totally satisfied as I lay there with my cock inside her. I kissed her and moved back to her side, opposite of Luis. 

Luis and I lay there on either side of Keri stroking her body and kissing her. Eventually everyone caught their breath, and Luis sat up and said that he needed to get back to his hotel. Keri leaned over and kissed him goodbye. I got up to see him out. I looked at the clock and was shocked to see it was 2:00 a.m. Luis quickly got dressed and headed for the door.

"Thank you for an amazing night, my friend," I said to him as I shook his hand. I told him that I hoped we might see him later. After all, we still had another night ahead of us.