 Dena knew exactly the kind of fantasy that I was hoping to fulfill and when she got up on the bed. She was naked except for a light tan coloured pair of panties. This made my cock stiffen even more as my initiation to this exclusive club was about to begin. The bedroom was a good size, but with nine naked bodies in the room now, including Dena and I, it was already beginning to get quite warm. All of the guys standing around the bed were naked and their cocks were either semi erect or they had full erections and were steadily jerking themselves off to maintain them. 

Before tonight Dena had discussed with me what the initiation might entail and asked me I had any kinky fantasies that she could incorporate into the evening. Her intention was to make it easier for me to complete and also allow me a fantasy evening of something a little different. She told me that the monthly meetings were only with a few men, maybe 2 or 3, but the initiations included many more. She went on to say, "They will likely all want to fuck me first, then expect you to eat me. Will you be okay with that, have you ever done anything like that before?"

I told her that one time I had fucked a girlfriend and had been so turned on by the look of my cum on her pussy and running out of her that I had eaten her afterwards and really enjoyed it.

"You'll be just fine then, and remember you only need to do this once," she said.

Dena was in her mid to late forties, but had the body to rival any 25 year old. She had a neat little waist and smooth pale skin and her firm little breasts gave her the look of a much younger woman. Once on the king sized bed Dena rolled over onto her back with her panties pulled up tight over her pussy and as she opened her legs we could see her lovely bald pussy through the nylon. The panties were made from pantyhose material and had a small bow tied at each side of her waist making them easy to remove without having to pull them down her legs. Another thing I noticed about them was that unlike other panties, there was no cotton inside them where her pussy was. The sheer nylon of the panties was almost totally transparent from the front, right under her pussy to the back and we could clearly see her pussy and ass through them. They were without a doubt the kinkiest panties I had ever seen. 

As she lay there she slid both of her hands down over the panties and with her eyes closed, began playing with her pussy. We all gazed at her gorgeous body and I could see more of the cocks begin to stiffen until most of them were fully erect and being jerked of a little faster than before. This was obviously Dena's way of making sure everyone was as close to ready as possible. I followed her instructions by not jerking off, so I did not jeopardise my ability to make it to the end and indeed complete not only the initiation, but one of my kinkiest fantasies.

With seven rigid cocks now ready and eager to fuck her, Dena pushed the front of the panties down with her thumbs exposing her beautiful naked pussy. Her pussy was very smooth and pale with a lovely fine slit down the middle, which was now wet and shiny with her juices. Then as the first guy stepped towards the bed he took her by the ankles and pulled her closer to the end of the bed. I watched with great anticipation as he slid her down to the edge and then with her legs closed together and straight up against his chest, Dena lifted her ass up off the bed. Then reaching under her, he pulled the panties down exposing her pale naked buttocks. Dena then put her ass back down on the bed and with her legs open only very slightly and the panties stretched across her thighs, he let his cock rest on top of her bald pussy. 

I could have shot a load right then and it looked like the other six guys could have as well, but I managed to relax as I saw him take hold of his shaft and slide his thick red cock head down over her smooth mound and then press it between her lips. She must have been quite wet, because after rubbing between her lips a couple of times I saw his tip become wet and shiny, then his head pushed her lips wide and began to penetrate her. His shaft glided in halfway then he pulled out, only to penetrate her fully and start fucking her quite hard and with a lovely slapping sound of his thighs hitting her buttocks. 

At this point there were some murmurings in the room and we all knew things were fully under way. All I could think was that if I could manage through this initiation, then this sort of thing could be a monthly event for me and I very much liked the idea of that. Dena had placed her arms out on the bed as she was being fucked and her entire body shook each time his cock penetrated her. It was great to watch her lovely flat stomach being shunted up and down the bed and her firm little breasts and stiff pink nipples shaking up and down. Her head was turned to the side as she looked around the room at the other guys and I really hoped that she was going to enjoy this as much as the rest of us. She then looked over at me and smiled, knowing exactly what I was going to have to do to be able to join the club.

Just then the guy fucking her bent his knees slightly and pulled Dena so that her ass was slightly off the end of the bed. He kept fucking her and was clearly getting close to shooting the first load of the evening into her pussy as others moved in closer to the end of the bed. He pumped his cock into her very fast and reached down to take hold of his cock and then holding the base of the shaft he pressed deep into her and started to cum. I watched his legs shudder as he pushed his cock hard into her pussy and she slid back up onto the bed a little, then as he relaxed, he pulled his shaft out and held his foreskin down and let his tip touch her between the buttocks. I was unsure if this was by accident or intentional, but it was great to see his rigid cock spilling the last small spurts of sperm out between onto her buttocks.

His semi hard cock circled around her asshole as the final drops of sperm oozed from his tip and he was able to press hard enough for her ass to open slightly, but not actually penetrate her. This did however leave a small amount of cum on her ass and that could only help as things progressed. He finally stood back holding his cock and I got a quick glance at her two wet shiny holes before Dena lifted her ass up off the bed and pulled her panties back up tight over her pussy. The next cock, which seemed to be a good two inches longer than my own and possibly the longest cock in the room was already in position at the end of the bed. However, this time he got up on the bed and crawled up over Dena, kissing her briefly on the mouth before sucking gently on her nipples and letting his cock brush down over her stomach and onto the front of her panties. 

I could see that the nylon was a little wet, but not soaked and figured she had pulled the panties up to try and keep the cum inside her pussy. I fully expected this guy to fuck her in the same way, but this was not the case. Instead she lay back with her legs spread out on the bed and he pulled the damp crotch of her panties over to one side exposing her smooth wet pussy. With a load inside her now and her lips wet with sperm, once he had pulled the tight nylon out of the way, he penetrated her very easily and quickly. Seeing this second cock slide into her already cum filled pussy was a pleasure and I watched as he let go of the crotch and began to fuck her and very slowly the panties slid back over one side of her pussy and rubbed against the side of his cock as he fucked her. 

He fucked her hard and fast like the guy before, but then I saw Dena pull the tight nylon back away from his shaft, so that as his cock pulled out of her pussy, we all had a much better view of him penetrating her. It was such a pleasure to watch and I was sure it likely felt pretty good too, when I suddenly saw his cock slip out of her pussy and poke down between her buttocks. Dena placed her hands flat on the bed and raised her ass up a little as I saw him pull the nylon back down further and his shaft nuzzle down around her asshole. I could see that her pussy and ass were quite wet and it only made sense that some cum would be spilling from her pussy by now and running down over her asshole. Then he went quite still as his cock pressed against her ass and he held it there with only very slow movements of his hips back and forth. Dena reached down and placing her hands on her buttocks, she pulled them apart and I watched as very gracefully he moved forward against her as he began to penetrate her, but this time his cock was not inside her pussy. 

He made several short slow strokes into her ass and then pulled out and went back into her pussy and started fucking her again, this time faster than before and he lay forward more on top of her as he seemed to be nearing his orgasm. Dena placed her hands around his ass as he fucked down hard into her pussy and we all had a great view between her well spread legs of his long shaft pumping into her. His buttocks soon clenched tight and Dena pulled him down onto her as he started to pump another load of sperm into her pussy. He lay there for a few moments, presumably with the last of his cum squeezing out of his tip deep inside her pussy. Dena held his shaft as he sat up and his cock slid out of her, then once out of her pussy I saw a little sperm run out of her pussy, down over her asshole and into the panties. She promptly pulled the tight nylon over her pussy and tugged them up tight again, sealing her lips tight underneath.

Things were moving fast now and another guy who had just got up onto the bed was still jerking off quite quickly and waiting to get his cock into her. Finally, the guy who had just shot into her pussy moved back and got off the bed. Then within seconds Dena had rolled over onto her side with her legs curled up and this next cock was in position behind her. He moved in quickly on his knees and shuffled right up against her as she lay there, then with both hands he tugged the back of her panties down exposing her asshole and pussy. Then gripping the top of her left hip with both hands he slid his shaft into her pussy and began fucking her like he was about to cum. 

As she lay on her right side with her pussy being fucked, some of the cum inside her began running out from between her legs. It spilled slowly down from between her thighs and once it touched the sheets, it soaked in and left a small dark patch. Then just as he was about to shoot a third load into her pussy, he pulled his cock out and held it against her asshole and started to press it into her. Dena gripped her left buttock firmly and pulled it upwards opening her ass more for him and without warning, he started spurting cum out onto her ass. This caused quite a stir in the room with a few guys mumbling under their breaths and reaching for their cocks again. The guy then held his shaft firmly and her asshole quickly opened up and his spurting cock slid inside. We watched his shaft pumping as he pushed deeper inside and filled her ass with the rest of his hot liquid and we all looked on with delight.

There was no time to let up now and once he had finished cumming, he held his shaft and pulled the head slowly out of her asshole. Dena quickly pulled the panties back up tight in an attempt to keep as much cum inside her as possible and I could see her ass close tight keeping the warm sperm from spilling out. The next guy was already up on the bed and he had rolled Dena over onto her stomach and was tugging her panties back down just below her buttocks. His cock was very hard indeed and once her ass was exposed, he got up on his hands over her in a push up position and lowered his cock down behind her. His tip bumped against her ass, but due to the stiffness and the curve of his shaft it was going to be difficult keep the tip down and penetrate her ass. Just then Dena reach around and took hold of his cock and pulled the head down to her wet asshole and placing her hand around the head she held the tip down as he pushed forward and easily penetrated her ass.

This was amazing to watch with her panties pulled down below her ass and I had expected him to cum very soon indeed, but he started fucking her ass with long deep thrusts. We all looked on as Dena's ass became much easier to fuck and I wondered how many more guys would choose to cum in her ass now that it was being well fucked. After a few minutes the guy fucking her ass was deeper than before and he was now lying down on Dena's back with his cock in her ass and his strokes were very short and rapid, but with his tip deep inside her. He suddenly gripped her shoulders and we saw his buttocks start to clench and then relax rapidly as he ejaculated into her ass with his full weight on her. 

He lay still on her back for a few moments then finally pushed himself up with his hands and as his cock left her ass with a slight popping sound, it continued to drip cum down onto her buttocks. We all gazed at her ass as it stayed open slightly and looked lovely and wet and slick. Dena quickly pulled the panties up again and they tightly covered her two cum filled holes as she looked over at me and said, "Okay, up on the bed now," and I knew the time had come for me to get involved. I only hoped I could do what I had told her I always wanted to do and then be a part of this little club of hers. With three guys still left to fuck her and all three of them jerking off like crazy, I wondered exactly what she had in store for me.

I was in no position to argue with her now and so I got up on the bed and she asked me to lie down on my back with my head close to the edge of the bed. I had a good idea what she had planned, then as I lay down another guy stood by the side of the bed behind my head. Dena placed both hands on my legs just above my knees as she swung her left thigh up over my head and lowered the front of her cum soaked panties down towards my face. Then with the wet nylon inches above my face I took hold of her hips and looked up at her pussy. The panties were tight and I could see that the cum was soaking through them, but that her pussy lips were still held tightly closed under the nylon. Then as she squatted lower down onto my face I could see that her asshole was closed up tight again, but with some sperm that had been pushed out soaking into the nylon. Just as I reached up and kissed the wet nylon covering her pussy, I felt Dena's mouth close over the head of my cock as she pulled down firmly on my foreskin. 

This was enough to make me cum as I tasted the warm cum on her panties and pressed my lips up under her smooth cummy pussy, but just then I felt them being pulled down below her ass again and saw a rigid cock being laid between her buttocks and pressed against her asshole. I couldn't believe her ass was about to be fucked so close to my face and that I was still able to have my open mouth under her pussy and suck on it through the nylon. I watched as this fat bulbous cock head pressed into her cum filled asshole and it slowly opened up and the head disappeared inside, stretching it wider than before. It wasn't long before the guy who was in her ass started to fuck her faster and I felt him gripping her firmly around the waist.

The panties had been pulled down just enough for him to penetrate her ass, but they were still covering her pussy lips. However, as she was being fucked, her pussy started to spill some sperm out into the fine nylon and I was very tempted to taste it. I reached up and sucked gently on the nylon and could taste the cum on my tongue and immediately felt my cock stiffen in her mouth. I then slipped a finger inside the crotch of her panties and pulled them over to the side, causing the thick cum that was sitting inside them to spill down towards my face. I quickly opened my mouth and let the thick hot sperm drop down into my mouth and drip around my lips. I felt some of the thick cum slide down my throat and licked at the cum on my lips and had never been more turned on than right then. Several thick strands of cum hung from her pussy just as the cock in her ass started to shoot another hot load between her cheeks. 

Things went crazy now and as he pulled out, the next guy was by the bed behind her and only seconds from cumming. I watched from only two inches away as one cock left her ass with a couple of small spurts onto her cheeks and her hole remained fully open for the next one to slide. This guy was only just able to enter her and not actually fuck her before her ass was once again shot full of another hot load. He held her tight as he shot his cum into her and then pulled out fairly quickly and gave his foreskin a few tugs as he showered her back and buttocks with the rest of his cum. He then pulled her panties up tight around her waist and Dena made sure they were up tight around her and then sat with her pussy pressing down onto my mouth as she sucked gently on my cock.

I was so turned on now, that I held her hips and pulled her cum soaked panties down onto my face, feeling the cum seeping through from her pussy and also spilling slowly from her ass. I licked and sucked at her pussy through the nylon and then moved my mouth back up over her asshole, which was still open and spilling a bit of sperm. I reached up to pull the panties down so that I would be able to lick at her ass and pussy directly and Dena helped get the tight nylon down below her ass and then I felt her sit up a little straighter on my face. Once she sat up a large amount of thick cum spilled out of her open asshole and I was compelled to suck it into my mouth and it tasted amazing. 

With Dena's ass directly over my mouth now I was sucking between her cheeks and licking around her ass with my tongue. Then I felt her adjust her position slightly and pull the bows on each side of her panties and knew what would happen now once her two lovely wet holes were exposed to me. Once untied I felt her pull the panties forward and out of the way, then as I moved my mouth down and slid my tongue between her smooth lips a flood of cum poured out of her pussy and I had to swallow the sperm already in my mouth. My goal now that everyone had fucked her was for me to eat all the cum from both her pussy and ass, then I would be allowed to cum inside her also and so join their club. However, I had miscalculated and felt the bed move once again and another guy wrapped his arms around Dena's chest and stomach from behind and pulled her up until she was sitting up almost straight over my face. It was then I felt his cock as it brushed over my head and the tip bumped up against her wet pussy.

Dena raised her pussy up a few inches over my face as he penetrated her wet hole and started fucking her hard. Dena seemed be nearing her orgasm now and if she were to cum on my face with the amount of sperm inside her it would indeed be something to see and eat. Cum was now dripping steadily from her pussy and landing all around my face. He was fucking her so hard that I could not even get close enough to kiss or lick at her clit, but after a few minutes of me trying, he pulled the thick shaft from her pussy and the tip pressed against her ass. His cock was bigger than any previous ones tonight and as he tried to slide into her ass, Dena moved up slightly with him. I realised his cock was bigger than the last few in her ass and I reached up and held her buttocks as he pushed firmly and slowly up into her. The tip soon sank in and after a few seconds he was fucking her gently with full deep strokes and his balls were pressing up tightly around her asshole. 

This allowed me to start licking her pussy as it continued to spill a lot of cum down onto my face and I soon had my mouth open under her and was flicking my tongue around her clit and swallowing the sperm as it filled my mouth. Her orgasm must have been getting close as I could taste some sweet stickier liquid coming out of her pussy now as her ass was being fucked and I also assumed that another cumshot into her asshole couldn't be far away. Just then I heard a slight squirting sound and a flood of hot liquid filled my mouth and I felt Dena relax and her pussy start to splash her cum mixed with sperm onto my face. 
