 "But, where are we going? What am I dressing for?" Autumn asked as she stood in her closet, skin still glistening with moisture after her shower. 

"Don't worry about that, babe. Wear something you feel good in, something that's easily removed," James said with a sly smile. "You said you wanted to try something new, didn't you?" 

Autumn thought about that for a moment, wondering what he had in mind. She slipped on a pair of black lace panties, black thigh high stockings, and a low cut red dress. She was short, 5'3", and curvy. Her dress hugged her in all the right places, showed off her 36 D tits, and accentuated her nice round ass, it came to just above her knees. Flirty. James felt his cock stiffen as she bent over to put on a pair of black pumps, giving him an excellent view of her ass. He wanted to take her right there, throw her on the bed and eat her pussy all night, but that would have to wait. 

"So? Too much?" She asked, her brown hair loose, brushing over her shoulders.

"Perfect. Get in the car." 

In the car she kept asking where they were going. He told her not to worry, and placed his hand on her thigh, gave her a wink of reassurance. He drove for a bit, hand wandering up her thigh, occasionally reaching up and gently tweaking her nipple through her dress. She was utterly perplexed as to where they could be going, but his meandering hand had her turned on, ready for almost anything. He pulled the car in to a spot and proudly proclaimed, "here we are!" 

Where "here" was was not immediately evident to her, they were in an unfamiliar part of the city, a low building with few windows was in front of them. He got out of the car and held the door for her, and took her hand as he led her to a door off to the left. Inside was dimly lit, and a girl stood before them at a wooden hostess stand. She was cute, Autumn thought, wearing a short, black silk dress, obviously no bra underneath as her nipples strained against the thin material. Her red hair pulled back neatly in to a ponytail, she smiled as they approached her. James went to her, leaned slightly over the hostess stand and whispered something in her ear. The hostess smiled even wider, and told them, "right this way." 

Autumn took James' hand again, and whispered to him, "where are we? What are we doing?" He just smiled and they continued to follow the hostess. They were lead down a hallway, and the hostess pulled back a curtain for them, revealing a bar, she simply said, "have fun," and walked away.

"A drink perhaps, dear?" James said as he lead Autumn in to the room, the heavy curtain falling closed behind them. He ordered two rye Manhattans as they looked around. Autumn noticed a couple across the bar from them, kissing as his hands worked at her dress, slipping her straps down and exposing her breasts. She watched, unable to take her eyes off of them, feeling her panties growing damp as he lifted her breast to his mouth, sucking on those sweet, rosy nipples. Another man walked up and started kissing neck from behind. She couldn't explain it, but she wanted to be in her place, getting used by two men. 

"Ready for some fun?" James breathed in to her ear. Was she ever. They took their drinks and walked around the room, looking to see if anyone caught their eye. Autumn saw him first, a man in the corner, tall, casually leaning against a table, sipping his martini and eye fucking her. She took a sip of her drink and walked up to him, looking far more confident than she felt. He looked at her, his green eyes glancing over her body as she approached him, James a step behind her. 

"Hi," she said stupidly, wishing she had thought of something better to say. He finished his martini, and smiled a crooked smile at her as he casually greeted them. 

"Have a seat," he gestured towards a dark, luxurious couch. Autumn sat down, a man on either side of her. "My wife will be right back, she's a bit occupied at the moment, though." Autumn briefly wondered where his wife went, but her train of thought was quickly derailed as the stranger trailed his fingers down the side of her neck. She moaned involuntarily, and leaned in to his touch. The man wasted no time as he kissed her neck, James slid a hand up her thigh and gently parted her legs, his fingers sliding up and skimming her lace covered pussy. He was pleased to find her wet already. The stranger reached back and unzipped her dress, the straps falling down her shoulders as her breasts were put on display. She leaned back, and shimmied out of her dress, leaving it a puddle on the floor. 

James started sucking on her nipples, the man kissed his way down her stomach, got on his knees, and put his mouth on her mound. He could taste her sweet juices through the thin fabric of her panties, and he wanted more. She gasped as he pushed her panties aside, exposing her wet pussy. His tongue thrust deep in to her as he pushed her thighs further apart. He gently nibbled her swollen clit, and slipped two fingers inside her tight cunt. She gasped as he worked her clit in her mouth, she felt her muscles tighten as an orgasm fast approached. She moaned, right on the edge, and suddenly he stopped and told her, "not yet." She panted, looked at James who was still sucking her breasts, and moaned, "oh god!" 

The stranger grabbed the waist of her panties and pulled them off of her. He took off his pants, kneeled on the couch with his cock in her face, and told her to suck it. She took the head of his cock in her mouth and slid down his shaft, he was bigger than she was used to. He thrust in deep, she gagged a little, her spit drooling out of the side of her mouth. He fucked her sweet little mouth, James moved down to her eager pussy and licked her from her puckered asshole to her swollen clit. She moaned around the strangers cock as he leaked precum in to her mouth. James told her to get on her knees on the couch, ass in the air, the strangers cock still in her mouth as he fucked her throat. James' tongue in her ass, pushing past her tight sphincter, his hand at his belt, taking off his khakis and exposing his hard cock. Autumn moaned around the strangers member as James rubbed the head of his cock on her slit. He thrust in to her, just once, just enough to make her want more.

"Fuck me," she panted, taking the cock out of her mouth. "Fuck me hard. I need it." The stranger sat down, she straddled him, facing him as James guided the stranger's cock in to her slick pussy. Her tits bouncing in the strangers face as she was grinding down on him. She was so turned on, her juices dripping down his shaft, coating his balls. She came almost as soon as he entered her, she moaned and threw her head back as she came on his hard cock, her cunt tightening on his member as she came. James spat in to his hand, and lubed up his cock, he pressed the head of his member against her tight brown star, pushing gently in to her, inch by inch. She had never been so full, a cock in her ass and one in her pussy, it took no time to make her cum again, she felt like she was coming apart at the seams.

"Well now, what do we have here?" Autumn heard a woman's voice, and for a moment she tried to see who it was. 

"Look what I found, honey," the stranger said to his wife. She was naked. Tall, with a slender frame, long blonde hair, disheveled. Small, firm tits, and an ass that just begged to be spanked. A trail of cum slowly leaking out of her. She leaned over and tilted Autumn's face up, and planted a deep kiss on her lips, her tongue exploring Autumn's mouth. 

"Who's going to clean me up?" She asked, turning around and leaning over so they could all see the cum dripping from her used ass. Autumn reached over and grabbed her by the hips, and brought her ass to her mouth. She felt the cum drip in to her waiting mouth, her tongue exploring her ass as she sucked the cum right out of her. Autumn slipped a finger in to her slit while her tongue lapped up all the cum she could get from her tight ass. The man grabbed Autumn's hips as he thrust in to her, James keeping up the rhythm as he fucked her from behind. The stranger fucked her pussy hard, she was soon cuming hard, her pussy squirting it's juices all over the strangers' balls. It was too much for James, his balls tightened as he came in her ass, pumping her full of his cum, shot after shot coating her insides. He moaned as he slid his cock from her, laying back and panting. The strangers wife, not wanting to miss anything, moved down to her knees behind Autumn and sucked the cum from her, occasionally moving down and taking her husband's balls in her mouth. 

The man fucked deep in to Autumn, his hands on her hips he pulled her down hard on his shaft. Autumn got up, and pushed the woman down on to her back, and buried her face in her pussy, tongue lapping up the leftovers from previous lovers. Autumns ass was in the air as she sucked the woman's clit. The stranger moved behind her and pressed the head of his member against her ass, slick and gaping slightly after James had his way with her. In one swift movement he was balls deep in her ass. She moaned, her lips against the woman's mound. The woman cried out as she came, Autumn smiled to herself as she finished her off, tonguing her swollen clit as the woman came. The stranger picked up the speed, pounded Autumn's ass while she was once more pushed over the edge. He came right along with her, shooting his load in to her ass as she moaned. 

The four of them collapsed where they were, thoroughly spent, covered in sweat and cum. James was the first to move, he rolled over, playfully smacked Autumn on the ass, and said, "well, that was something new, right?" Autumn chuckled, too tired to give him much response, but hoped they could repeat this night very soon.