 It was nearly quitting time. I was in the new Nurse Administrator's office installing her monitor and had just finished checking it out when she came in. I had heard that she was coming but really hadn't expected her to arrive until the entire new wing of the hospital had been ready. For a brief moment I wondered if I was on schedule but quickly dropped that notion. When I had accepted the contract to install the electronics in the new facility, I had estimated eight weeks, this was only the third. 

The nurses from the main complex had constantly interrupted me ever since my arrival but even with all that, I had managed to stay on schedule. Now to see the staff beginning to arrive and set up shop had me a bit edgy. 

I was almost done when she walked in. I tried avoiding eye contact and was just hooking up the last connections when she came over and sat on her desk. 

I couldn't avoid looking at her now and my breath actually caught in my throat. Even though she was wearing one of those business suites women execs wear, her body was something to behold. I don't think her waist was more then twenty-two or three inches and her hair was done in a sort of medium shag. Her hair was a dark auburn and as she turned her head the red strands glistened in the light. Her eyes were hypnotic; so light a gray green as to seem almost without color. I imagine she stood no more than five foot seven and that was with spike heels. 

Her jacket covered a white satin blouse that was buttoned up to her throat but was snug enough to display breasts that I estimate to be nestled in a C bra cup. And she was making me nervous. I simply said, "Hi," and asked if she belonged to this office. 

She slowly smiled as if amused and answered, "Yes, I know I'm early, but I wanted to move into my new house before starting work here, and decided to check it out. Look, its almost quitting time, and being new here, I was wondering if you would invite me to dinner or something. I'm starved and really don't know any good places to eat. It's on me of course."

It's rare for me to lose my cool, but I almost did. I said," sure, there's a little Italian place a few blocks from here that you might enjoy. Nothing special, but its quiet and really quite good if you enjoy Italian food." Standing she picked up her purse and looking at me simply said, "good, pack up and lets go." Two minutes later we were on our way.

Over dinner we shared a bottle of wine and good conversation. She was easy to talk to and enjoyed flirting. I mean not really obvious flirting but she enjoyed using double entendres. Words that could be taken two different ways. She was cute in that respect and I was beginning to really enjoy her as I played the game subtly with her. Somewhere during that time she exchanged names with me. She was probably Irish because her name was Megan McAllester but she preferred to be called Meg. 

Finally she looked seriously at me and asked if I would be able to help her unpack and set up her house. Apparently the furniture had arrived earlier but she needed someone to help her set it up. I said sure, I'm not doing anything tomorrow. She smiled again, then asked, "How about tonight? Every thing's in boxes and the beds need to be assembled. Could you at least help me get a bed together?" 

I had planned to do my wash this evening back at the motel, but figured I could do that later on Saturday. So I agreed and followed her car to her place.

She opened the door and we stepped in. The movers had placed most of the cartons in the living room along with the sofa and lounge chairs. Entering her bedroom it was the same. The mattress and bed parts were leaning against the wall. I imagine the kitchen utensils were in the kitchen and the bathroom things were in their proper places. 

The house was hot. I figured the air conditioning was still turned off so I went to the wall and turned it up. Nothing happened. I tried to plug in one of the lamps but it too failed to light. The house had no power and I looked questioningly at Meg. "I called the electric company as soon as I got in town this afternoon and they said they would turn it on. I don't know what went wrong."

"Where is your circuit breaker panel?" I asked. "I don't even know what one looks like," she answered. 

With that I went into the garage. Locating it, I opened the cover, and flipped the main switch on. "We have lights," she called out. Then returning to the house I got the air conditioner going. Then I went into her bedroom, and began to assemble the bed frame and put the mattress on it. She had disappeared for a few minutes and returned wearing a pair of tight shorts and some sort of shirt that tied in front. 

By now I was really sweating and my shirt was becoming wet. She handed me some bedding and we made the bed. Then we placed the bedroom furniture in place and set lamps where she wanted them. The nightstands were taped shut but when I went to help her un-tape them she insisted on doing it herself. I suspected the drawers held some secrets that she preferred to keep to herself. 

By now it was well past nine and I began to place the furniture where she thought it would look best. The house was beginning to cool down just a bit but my shirt was still soaking wet. 

I was getting ready to go back to my motel room when she suggested that I shower before leaving. By now it was getting dark and the house was becoming almost bearable. 

The offer to shower sounded good but I would still have to get back into my wet shirt and jeans. Oh hell I thought, it would feel good to get cleaned up a little, so I nodded ok and went into the bathroom.

The next shock. The water heater had only heated the water up enough to take the chill off. I imagined there would be enough to at least wash off and cool down, so I closed the door, undressed, stepped into the shower, and pulled the sliding glass door shut.

No more that two or three minutes passed before the door slid open and she stood there, completely nude with a glass of brandy in each hand. "No ice yet, but this should do for now," she giggled as she handed me one glass, then stepped in with me. I turned the tepid water off to save it, as we shared our drinks. Then she took my empty glass, slid the door open again and set the glasses on the floor and slid the door closed again.

During this entire five minutes or so, she said nothing and I waited uncomfortably for her to start a conversation but it never happened. She just stared into my face.

I suppose I knew that we were going to shower together even without her saying anything, but the close proximity of her lithe body to mine was having an embarrassing effect. 

I turned to face the wall and began to lather up when I suddenly felt her warm hands spreading soap over my shoulders and back. Then she moved lower as she soaped my buttocks and the backs of my legs. I had expected her to stand up but her fingers again returned to my backside and her finger slid where it shouldn't have. I held still, pretending not to notice. But she quickly withdrew it, stood up, and spoke for the first time. 

"Turn around Blake. It's time for the front." Again she started to lather me from my shoulders down but by now I was really getting uncomfortably aroused and she knew it.

Kneeling down she arrived at my groin and wrapped her soapy hand around my erection and began to stroke it. It seemed like she was spending more time doing that then could ever be necessary, and I was beginning to tremble as she continued. Then she stood up and put her hand on my cheek and whispered. "I just wanted to see what you had. Did you enjoy my little survey?" I nodded and asked: "did I pass muster? I mean ...."

She didn't let me finish my stupid question but answered, "more than I expected, and you're circumcised too, I like that. More friction, if you know what I mean." She was teasing me, and now I was determined to do the same to her.

"Your turn," I said as I turned her away from me. And I began to rub my wet hands together making a frothy lather of soap before beginning to run my hands down her back and around her sides. Arriving at her bottom, I hesitated, and then did the same to her as she had to me. I slid my slippery index finger between the soft cleft where her cheeks met and drew my finger up and down. She held very still as I became more daring and gently nudged my finger into her tight little ring. 

I had expected her to resist or at least say something, but instead she just moved her feet a bit further apart and leaned against the wall as I twisted my finger around then in and out of her ass. She was beginning to enjoy it, apparently because I felt her thrust her hips backward encouraging me to continue.

I stopped, drew my finger out, and continued down the back of her thighs to her feet. Now it was my turn... "Turn around Meg, it's time for your front." Without a word she turned and faced me. Reaching up she put her arms around my neck and tilting my head, our lips met. She dragged the tip of her tongue around the very edge of my mouth before forcing her tongue between my waiting lips. The kiss was torrid and deep but she kept swaying back and forth, dragging her hard nipples back and forth across my chest as we clung to each other. Then we finally broke our embrace. She looked questioningly into my face as if asking, why, but I had other plans.

"Lean back while I finish soaping you. The water's running out and you're only half done." She smiled and leaned back against the tiled wall and waited. I began at her neck and shoulders and lathered her breasts. I have never seen such perfectly shaped globes and I began to run both hands over each. Her nipples were already erect, but became even harder and thrust out ever so much more, as I let my soapy hands caress and stroke each nipple. I was completely engrossed in drawing soapy circles around and round each aureole while rubbing her nipples when I felt her hand again on my shaft. Pretending not to become distracted I continued to torment her breasts. 

Suddenly she gasped and moaned. "Stop. Oh god please stop. My pussies doing a dance and my knees are going to give way, sweetheart. No more please." 

I had her now and I was enjoying tormenting her. I stopped and began to finish washing her. Now kneeling in front of her I ran my hands over her hard tummy and down the front of her thighs, then down to her ankles. I had deliberately saved her clean-shaven puffy vagina for last.

Still kneeling I began to gently caress her engorged outer lips, then my finger move deeper between the slit formed by her labia. My face was mere inches from her pussy now and I could see her clit protruding from the apex of her inner folds. She had not lied when she said she was excited.

I took the shower head and washed her pussy, spreading her open with my fingers as the tepid water gushed into her hot opening. Then instinct took over and I closed the distance. My lips pursed as if sucking on a straw and they slid over the hard pink wetness of its head and drew it into my mouth. Her body trembled but she didn't resist and again spread her feet a bit further apart.

I began to stroke her wet inner lips with my fingers held just beneath my chin. Within moments I felt her clit begin to gently contract and pulse. Almost instantly my fingers began to creep up inside her slippery vagina. I curled my fingers so that they could begin stroking just under her clit and she began to softly moan. 

Her hands came down on top of my head and she began to slowly rock her hips forward and back, almost as if trying to force me to drive my fingers more quickly in and out of her convulsing pussy. 

Suddenly she whimpered, "Oh my god, stop! I'm going to cum. Please, Not here. Not here. In the bedroom. I want you to fuck me but not here. Oh god I want to feel your hard cock pounding my pussy hard and deep, but take me in the bedroom." Then between breathy gasps she again pleaded for me to stop. I had a mouth full of her warm, sweet, slippery flow and I released her clit, drew my fingers out, and stood up.

Her arms circled my neck for support as I took the shower head off its hanger and washed the two of us off. She was beginning to slump down at this point so I quickly opened the sliding door and swept her up into my arms and carried her into the bedroom. 

Laying her down I went and got two towels from the bathroom. She lay there, her hair wet but still framing her face with a pixyish wreath of auburn hair, as those pale blue eyes watched my cock sway back and forth with each step I took.

Licking her lips she whispered in a breathy voice, "you can't leave this unfinished, lover. You started something that has to be finished but I can be patient only to a point before I start screaming. Oh god how I need you to fuck me until I'm "

I smiled and tossed the towels aside, then went to the foot of the bed and bending over began to suck and lick the toes on her left foot. She gasped and began to squirm. Next I did the same to her other foot. Again the same reaction. Now I let my hands glide softly up the tops of her legs to her knees and gently nudged them apart. 

I climbed onto the bed and kneeled between her splayed legs. Then beginning at the soft inner sides of her thighs I began to plant wet kisses on each in turn. Now my kisses became wet sweeps of my tongue as I teased my way up each inner thigh. I was washing her warm tender thighs with my mouth. I moved ever so slowly upward, yet pausing frequently to nip gently at her warm skin.

Glancing up at her as I lapped my way up towards her wet vagina, I could see her kneading her supple breasts and occasionally tugging at their protruding nipples. I reached upward with my hand, intending to fondle her pussy, when I encountered that hard erect clit. 

If possible, it was even more prominent and extended from within its soft protective covering. It was easy for me to hold it between my thumb and forefinger and begin to stroke its sheath up and down its length. 

Mere moments after I had begun to caress it, she began to quake and tremble uncontrollably. Her soft sighs now became muted moans and she began to vibrate as she thrust her hips up and roll her buttocks back and forth. I could have continued and let her have her orgasm, but instead I took my fingers away and slid my hand under her buttocks and began to stroke her little opening. 

She accepted my redirection reluctantly and drew her heels back, exposing her back side to me, but forcing me to edge upwards so I could continue my journey to her pussy with my tongue and lips. Her knees fell to either side, letting my mouth venture freely upwards.

I smiled and tossed the towels aside, then went to the foot of the bed and kneeled on the floor. Reaching for her foot, I began to suck and lick her toes. She gasped and began to squirm. Encouraged, I next began to move from one foot to the other, and got the same response. 

While sucking each toe, and licking the bottom of her feet, I let my hands slide lightly up the top of her legs. I think she sensed my intention because she began to move her legs further apart. 

When I couldn't reach any further up her legs, I climbed onto the bed and knelt between her parted legs. Then, beginning at the soft inner sides of her thighs, I began to plant wet kisses, moving each kiss very slowly, from her knees upwards towards her steamy pussy.

Soon my kisses became wet sweeps as I began using my tongue as a brush teasing my way up each leg. I was washing her warm tender thighs with my mouth. I moved ever so slowly, sometimes staying in one place for long minutes, as she rocked from side to side with anticipation. Knowing she was anxious, I deliberately paused frequently to nip gently at her warm skin.

Glancing up, while continuing to lap my way up towards her wet vagina, I could see her kneading her supple breasts and occasionally tugging at their protruding nipples. Reached upward with my hand, intending to fondle her pussy, I encountered her hard erect clit. 

If possible, it was even more prominent then in the shower, and now extended beyond its soft protective covering. It was an easy matter for me to grasp it between my thumb and forefinger and begin to stroke its sheath up and down. 

Moments after I had begun to caress it, she began to quake and tremble uncontrollably. "Oh My God. It's feels so Good, darling. More, don't stop! I need more. Milk it more" 

Her soft sighs now became muted moans and she began to quiver as she arched her back, and thrust her hips up and began to roll her buttocks back and forth. 

I could have continued and let her have her orgasm, but instead I took my fingers away and slid my hand under her raised ass and began to draw my wet finger back and forth across the tight little opening. 

She groaned in disappointment, but seemed to be responding to my new assault and drew her heels back, giving me easy access to her backside, but forcing me to edge upwards so I could continue moving my mouth up to her pussy. Her knees fell to either side, letting my mouth venture freely upwards.

"Oh god Blake, Fuck me. I need to feel your big hard cock deep inside my slippery pussy. I need it so much. Make me cum for you. Do it. Eat my pussy and let me cum in your mouth. Ooooh my dear baby, it feels so good....... Suck my clit! Suck me. Do something! I need to cum. Let me have it. Stop teasing and give it to meee."

I decided that I had played enough and moved up to her pussy, spread her outer lips so her clit was completely exposed and again pursed my lips as if kissing and sucked it into my mouth.

She went crazy. She thrust up and began to gyrate her hips, forcing her clit to slip in and out of my mouth. I began to flick my tongue across its small but hard surface. Suddenly her entire vagina began to contract and expand. She was beginning to orgasm and now syrupy clear fluid began to ooze out with each contraction. 

I began to plunge three of my extended fingers in and out of her slippery opening, curving my fingertips so they stroked the bulge just under her clit. Then it happened.

With one hard contraction she heaved up and began to shudder. She drew one long breath and cried out. 

"Yeahhh, oh my god yes, yes, yess, I am, I'm cumming hard. Gimmeee it! Suck my pussy hard! More. Yess, oh dear god yess, its so good Blake. More! Don't let it stop. Oh my dear baby, keep me cummmmmmmmmmminggggggg." 

Then with a sort of gurgling moan she collapsed and lay there panting. My mouth no longer held her clit and I had to draw my clustered fingers out of her contracting vagina. As I did, a stream of serous milky fluid oozed out behind my fingers and seeped down the cleft below her pussy coating her ass.

I was hornier than ever by now and as I lifted up to kneel I felt a bead of her sweet cum flow down my chin and drop to her taunt abdomen. She probably didn't realize that she was still rolling her nipples between her fingers as she tried to catch her breath.

Now her eyes focused on me and she murmured, "Fantastic, Blake, that was the hardest and longest I have ever had."

"Satisfied? I asked. "No," she answered, "that was just the beginning. Now I need to feel that hard cock moving deep inside me. Come on darling, give it to me. I need it deep and hard! Go slow, I want to feel you sliding it in and stretching me wide open. Now give it to me. Here, let me open up for you." 

And reaching down she pulled her pussy open, making a soft, wet, sticky sound as she parted the swollen lips.

Holding my cock down, I guided it to the glistening pink oval opening at the base of her vagina. Slowly I leaned forward as the head entered, then I took my hand away and leaned over her. Her eyes stared into my face, but she was more interested in feeling my cock sliding in then actually paying attention to my smile. She was hot; I mean her pussy was like a hot slippery glove that swallowed my throbbing shaft.
