 We left mid-morning to avoid the commuter traffic, making it into the city by 11:30. We dropped the car with the valet and checked-in. A little hungry and we wanted to get to the art museum, so we had the bags taken up to the room. Since it wasn't all that far, we grabbed a light lunch and beer on the way and walked down to the art museum.

In the museum, we really were awestruck by the collection. We lingered over Impressionism, but there was some, discreet, hands-on flirtation...stolen kisses, cupping a butt cheek, brushing up against a breast. After about two, maybe three hours we grabbed a coffee and plotted out the rest of the day...we decided another half hour and we'd head back. I think Tara made the decision for us, rubbing my thigh and whispering, "Sweetie, I'm ready for something." She grinned with that cute smile, "Didn't we come her for the sex...a weekend of sex?" 

I laughed, "Yes...honey...I'm here for the sex, too. Are we a little horny?"

"Yeah...but "little" isn't the right term. Anyway, I know we're going to the game...we're at the museum...and we got the conservatory tomorrow...it's all cool, but I really love time with my boys." 

"I love my baby girl...she's got her priorities, where they should be." We both planted a kiss on a cheek.

We headed back and went up to the room...opening the door, he said, "Dude, this is fucking sweet!"

"I got it through one of those travel sites." I smiled, "Guys, I knew we wouldn't need them, but I knew it was going to have two bedrooms. I didn't know it was going to be this big, though...this is fucking cool!"

We were unpacking our bags and Bryan yelled, "You should see the shower...its huge!" 

I followed Tara into the bathroom, "Fuck man there's a dildo!" It was big, fleshy suction-cup dildo, stuck to the bench. 

"No, no...dude, it's ours. I had it in my bag...just getting' things ready."

"It's our favorite," she giggled, "We call him Robbie." "You see some resemblance...don't you?" 

"What...I guess I see it? Really? A rubber me?" 

"Yea, we always travel with him. I ordered it for the honeymoon but didn't get it in time...now, sweetie, we have both of you."

It didn't take long before we were back in the shower, together...probably ten minutes, at the most. In the warmth of the steamy water, our hands kneaded her back, shoulders, breasts, and especially that tight little ass. We both loved that hot ass...fuck! Eventually we started lathering soap over each other. Exploring, grabbing and groping, our hands slid over the slick, soapy skin. The water and lather was streaming down over our bodies...I was mesmerized with scene of Bryan and Tara rubbing the washcloth over each other. Hungry for Tara...we both kneaded her breasts and leaned in to kiss over her face. Tiny streams ran down over his muscled chest and water dripped from her nipples. She knelt down to kiss both dicks and sucked on the water, trailing from each tip. She took a cock in each hand...her hands sliding up over each, pumping up and down. As both cocks jerk and buck in her hands, she looked up to us for approval...or confirmation. All we could do is quiver and roll our eyes back, as we succumbed to the pleasure. She wrapped her lips around me and gave me an amazing blowjob.

"Honey, you ready for more?" She nodded but pulled me deeper into her throat. I pulled out and pressed her up against the steamy, glass wall...I wish I could've caught the scene from the other side, with those beautiful perky tits flattened on the glass and her hands running through the steam. I bet those nipples were wider and even more amazing, pressed flat against the glass. 

I took her from the back. Rubbing it through her pussy, I spread her legs and pushed into the moist warmth. She moaned, "Ohhhh goddddd...mmmmmm...fuck...that's good...that's...spread me open...yesssssssss...yesssssss!"

Bryan was more than happy stroking and watching my ass flex, while I fucked his wife. My balls, loaded with seed, bobbed wildly between my legs; they must have caught his attention because he gently cupped them with his hand. He shuffled around to sit on the floor, up against the glass and between her legs. He stroked more and watched close-up, eventually grabbing her little bud between his lips. Our moans mixed with the steam and filled the room. 

"Fuck you two...satisfy...satisfy my whole fucking body...you make it fun to be a...woman...yesssssss...pound me hard...yessssss...yessssss...pound me with that thing...mmmmmm...goddd...yessssss!"

I pulled from her and helped him stand, "Buddy, it's your turn...you need some."

He rubbed his dick, "Dude, I need it bad...look at this thing."

He walked over and sat next to "Robbie" (still stuck to the bench). I really expected him to sink it into his ass, but instead he spread his legs and motioned for Tara. "Sweetie, come sit on me and ride." 

She looked into my eyes and lowered herself, till she came to rest in his lap. "Yesssssss...love my baby's big...dick...yessssss...mmmmmmm...yessssss!" Very slowly, sliding up and down that stretched pussy was soaking up every detail and it drove her crazy. "Mmmmmm...that cock feels sooooo good...ooooohhhh...oooohhhhh...mmmmm!" 

Bryan and I smiled at each other as she started to bounce faster. I stroked, close-up, in her face for a few minutes until she got comfortable with the ride, "Look at our little cowgirl!" She took me into her mouth and moaned, as she felt fullness from both ends. While bouncing on her hubbie's boner, she licked all over my dick...and I humped into the warmth, flirting with her throat.

I reached down to scoop up her bobbing titties...they were warm and weighty in my hands...34Ds are a sweet fuckin' handful. I pulled from her mouth...she was disappointed till I leaned down to circle a nipple with my tongue. I suckled as they heaved up and down.

Bryan asked, "Honey, what do you need?"

"I want it all...both my men and I wanna be fucked...you know what I need."

We stood her up and I worked a couple fingers inside. Ramming my tongue deep into her throat, she rolled her hips forward to fuck the fingers...shower water and girl dripped from my wrist. I notice him wanking, off to the side; so, I pull my fingers out and spin her around for him to finish. He pulls her hips towards him and she leans over to support herself on me. Water cascading down over her back, we both enjoy the amazing beauty of that firm, little ass. He dipped at the knees, thrusting forward until he was in, all the way. 

I pushed her head down, to bring her attentions to my dick...it didn't take much before she lunged forward to swallow. Sucking and sliding her tongue all over the shaft, I aggressively grabbed at the back of her head to thrust myself deeper. Bryan and I established a steady pace for the spit-roasting; we could feel her body jerk as we slam from both ends...two big cocks at the same time. She loved feeling what two cocks could give her. Doing what I could, to coax her sexy moans, I blindly reach down to find her bud, swollen and pushing past the hood. Bryan and I, each, took turns rubbing. Our eyes met...he smiles and high-fives me, as we pummel his wife, "Bro, fuckin' doesn't get any better than this!"

"Fuckin' right about...that!"

Now, we were furiously pumping her and she started to groan with greater intensity. We both feel her body stiffen...you could tell she was gripping tighter and Bryan was lovin' it. His eyes told the story...her pussy was too much and he was gonna cum...real soon. Faster and faster, he abandoned the synced rhythm we had going; crazy with need, he was just humping and fucking as hard as he could. Milking and squeezing, with that tight pussy, she finished him off...he was done. "Yeah...cummming...cummmming...fuck! Shit!" He wildly grunted out the load, with his whole body jerking with each cumshot. 

I pulled from her, as he spilled his seed, "That's it baby, give it to me...give me that good stuff...yessssss...yesssssss! Love all that big cock juice...mmmmm...yessssss!"

Now, relaxed and catching his breath, he cooled off and watched me stroking with both hands, "Dude, you gotta fuck'er...finish'er...and I'm fucking watchin'!"

When he pulled out, her little gapped crack dripped, "Fuck, that's hot...let me cork that hole!"

As I moved over to take his place, he wrapped his hand over my dick, stroking a few times. He rubbed the tip between her lips, "That's right...put it in there...buddy, she needs more!"

Fucking into the drippy creampie, he left behind...I was pushing cum back in. "Ohh god, Robbie...mmmmm...put it in...put it in...yesss...stretch meeeee...stretch meeeee...yesssss! Feels soooooo gooood! That's it...fill me with that thing!" 

"Fuuuccckkkkk, that's it...fuuucccckkkkkkkk... tha's goooooooood...put it in...want all that big thing. Oooohhhh yessssssssss...fuuuuuccckkk meeee!"

Though, the sensation of fucking that cum-filled tightness, was driving me nuts...I was in complete control. I'd been close a couple times, but now, I was good and ready to go...I spread her legs a little and fucked harder. Overwhelmed with my relentless pounding, her moans, begging for more, were becoming garbled, "fuucckk...meeeee...fu...ck...meeeeee...meeee...fuck...f...ck...meeee!"

"Fuck...the only thing better than one big cock is two big cocks...let's give'r two," and he grabs "Robbie" and shoves it in her mouth. 

He laughs, "Baby, you got two Robbie's fuckin' ya!" He worked the toy between her lips, till he felt himself grow back to where he could replace it. It was hot to watch those suspended tits slide back and forth as we both fucked into her little, petite frame.

Gasping for a breath, she could only take a few more minutes before pushing him aside; I felt her quiver and scream, "Ooooh god...fuck me...stretch it...make...make it bigger...fuck me...fuck me...cu...mmmmm...ing...cummmming...oh god...cummmming...cummmmmmming!" Repeatedly contracting on me, the tremors that swept over her body seemed endless. I knew I couldn't last much longer...either. Before long, I gave in to my needs, too; I slammed her with the last pussy-filling thrusts and filled her with seed. Lingering over her, I held her tight, against me...she was fucking gorgeous. Wrapped in my arms, she even felt gorgeous. She wasn't squeezing or contracting anymore, but she was holding tight...just holding me...holding the warm, meaty, flesh. She wouldn't let it go...she enjoyed having a man, inside...she fucking loved it. Once she finally gave in and relaxed, I slipped out and fisted myself; still rock-hard, I ran my hand down over its length and slapped it up against her ass. While my steamy, moist, body rubbed over her skin, I pulled her to my lips, kissing long and sensuously. My hand instinctively roamed down between her thighs to find creamy, white sex, dripping down her leg.

"Sweetie, stand over there...we want to enjoy your pie!"

"Under the water?"

"No...over there, just rest your leg up on the bench and let us watch you squeeze it out...it's so fuckin' hot." Our sex slowly trickled from her; cloudy white and shimmering, it formed a tiny pool on the bench. She smiled, "It is pretty fuckin' hot, isn't it? You boys are hard work; I think I worked up an appetite."

"Me too."

"Honey, just relax and let us clean you up." Bryan and I sensuously washed and tended to her needs. We soaped her tits good and gave her muff some extra-special attention. We, sort of, did a number on it...she was a little puffy, so we gave it a good soaping and gently rinsed her with the hand-held shower. It made her quiver a little when the warm spray, swept over her clit. I dropped to my knees to finish with my tongue and gently kissed the bud. Water formed delicate, shiny trails down over her breasts; rivulets ran over her ass, with some gathering to run between her cheeks. I joked some about filming the water, running down over her body...it was so sexy and sensuous to watch. "Dude, that'd be major stroke candy...fuck, we should really do it!" 

I smiled, "Buddy, I think you'd be in the movie, too. You're both fuckin' hot in the shower!" I paused to enjoy the water winding its way down over his body...his taut, muscular chest...his rounded butt and thick, muscular thighs. "Fuck...we need to take more showers together, guys!"

"Damn right about that," and he slaps me on the butt. Later, that evening, we went out for pizza...Tara was right...we did work up an appetite. By the time we got our pizza, we were famished; but, of course, we made due with wine.

As we finished eating, Bryan declared, "And just for the record, dude, we're paying tonight...and let us help with that crazy-ass room. It looks pricey!" 

"Man, I got the room...don't worry about it."

Tara joins in, "That's what Tina said, too...and she bought me lunch." "You two are way too nice. Please, at least, let us take you guys out, sometime."

"Sounds good, sweetie...that's cool...let's do it."

"We should have you over for dinner, too...I know she'd like that. She's very cool...the other day we went shopping after lunch."

Joking about shop-a-holic tendencies, "Buddy, you know that's going to cost us."

"Stop...I like spending time with her...she's sweet"

"So do I, Tara...so do I. I'm teasing...I love spending time with her, too...even when it includes shopping. In fact, we're planning a weekend, together...spending some time, here in the city would be perfect...we're always so damned busy. We really like this place, too; a couple months ago, we had dinner here with a friend that was in town." 

"Maybe the four of us could come up together, next time. What d'ya think?"

I replied, "That's cool."

"You know, honey...we could maybe do something for our anniversary, Tuesday...I know we talked about something...something with the three of us." 

I couldn't believe I had forgotten and apologized. "Guys, I forgot...I would've planned something special. If you want some alone-time to celebrate, you can take one of the bedrooms...I'll be fine."

"You will not! This is special! After what just went down in that shower...I want you in bed with us, the whole weekend!"

"Yeah dude...we talked about having you spend the night...we're always gonna celebrate the anniversary with you...a Thunderdome Threesome? He grins, "...and clothing will be prohibited...what do you think?"

"I'm all in."

Sweetie, we thought you could help us celebrate...in bed...on the potting bench...on the patio...maybe with another shower?"

"Luv my T...she really knows how to celebrate."

Talking for another hour or so, we consumed more Chianti and flirted with some intensity, rubbing on each other, under the table. Tara and I stroked Bryan through his pants...it was discreet, but I think we almost had him cumming. Of course, the wine wasn't enough so we had a drink afterwards; we parked ourselves in a little bar in the hotel, it was a beautiful, cozy place that overlooked the city. I had a Negroni, Bryan had a martini and Tara had Campari w/ice...I think. I vaguely remember explaining how to make a Negroni..."Campari is the key...you pour everything into an old-fashioned glass with ice. Stir and garnish it with an orange slice or twist. The ratio is 1:1:1...or 1 1/2 ounces Campari, 1 1/2 ounces sweet vermouth and 1 1/2 ounces gin." 

Then Bryan decided we should open a bar...that's about all I can remember from the conversation. When we finally got back to the room, we were all so tired, we just flopped into bed and fell asleep...I suppose we were exhausted from the travel, drinking and probably the shower sex...or...extreme shower sex! 

**************************************************

I always wake up at 4 or 5 to piss...sometimes I can go back to sleep, but that morning it was close to 5 and I was rock-hard with morning wood. I just gave up on any idea of sleep and thought we could linger with breakfast in bed. I quietly got up to check out the room service menu and ordered breakfast...yogurt, granola and fruit for Tara and an omelet, bacon and roasted potatoes for Bryan (he loves a big breakfast). After the evening of partying, everybody would need coffee but this was special so I knew Tara would go for a Mimosa or tea...jasmine tea. Bryan and I were easy and coffee, black coffee, would be just fine.

The breakfast arrived within twenty minutes...which seemed fast...it was a nice place. I had thanked the young man and was rolling the cart into the bedroom, as Tara was just waking up.

"Honey, you got us breakfast...have I told you how sweet you are today?"

I handed her the glass. "A Mimosa?" 

"Jasmine tea and coffee, too...whatever you want."

"So you got me all three?"

"Yeah...couldn't really make up my mind...so I thought I couldn't go wrong with all three."

"Thank you, honey!" and she kissed my cheek.

Bryan is not anywhere near a morning-person, but he was just coming to...of course, it was bound to happen since she was excited and shaking him, "Honey, you need to wake up...Robbie's got breakfast...get your sleepy-ass up." We all devoured breakfast and talked about the conservatory and the game, later that night. He and I were especially focused on the game...after all, it was a playoff. She was excited, too, but had reached her hockey limit for the morning, "While you boys are talking sports and finishing breakfast, I'm getting showered," and she headed off with her mimosa.

Still talking, I guess we had lost track of time and she came out waving the dildo, "I think I'm gonna need more than Robbie, this morning. You boys need stop with the sports and help me out!"

We certainly had no doubts as to what she wanted, but, Bryan & I smiled at each other and knew exactly what we wanted, too. At that point, in our relationship, we could almost read each other's thoughts. We laid her out on the bed and kneeled off to both sides. With two cocks bobbing over her, she smiled with her little trademark squeal and went to work.

"You like a face-full of morning wood...don't you, sweetie?"

She just moaned, "Mmmmmm," as we pressed ourselves together to slide over her lips. Both, taking a turn, we were humping through her lips and into her mouth; she eagerly sucked and smothered us, with attention.

Bryan moved between her legs and shoved forward, splitting that tiny little twat, in half.

"Uhhhhhh...that's my little girl...fuck...take that dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...fuck...mmmmmeeee!"

He humped wildly, as she bobbed her lips over me. "Fuck...T...that's right...just like that...fuck! Bury that dick in yer face! Get it nice and wet for that pussy...nice and wet...gonna give ya two big dicks, this morning...we'll give'ya all you need...way better than the toy!" I pulled her knee back to her chest...and she grabbed the other; I held them both, to keep her spread open...he just smiles and keeps fucking. "Bryan...fuck'er, man...fuck'er...fuck'er!" She was enjoying every moment...he was enjoying it...the pounding he was giving her was something to watch...I was enjoying things, too!

"Gonna cum...cum...cumming...cummmming! Fuck...gonna cum...fuckkkkk...!" He gave in, after a few more thrusts; his body shivered as he pumped warmth into his wife. Their pubes ground together, till he was done, "Mmmmm...cumming...cummmmm."

After he pulled out, she splayed her legs a little more and pushed back the hood, exposing her clit. Bryan and I watched as she masturbated with creampie, running her fingers through the seed. I stroked my dick and decided to put on my own show, of sorts. Watching us masturbate for a few moments, Bryan joined in and started stroking, too...he really had no choice. Everybody was masturbating...it was some kind of voyeuristic orgy or circle-jerk. "This's fuckin' hot!" 

Tara said, "Yeah...I like it, too! We should do this more...mmmm...look at those cocks...yummyyyyy!" We continued the group masturbation for, maybe, 5 or 6 minutes...maybe. None of us, really had any control of our need to be satisfied...and Tara was always ready for more dick...we locked eyes and she motioned for me to take over. Already lubed with sex, I slid right in and spread those lips even further. As we humped, she was doing kegels...rhythmically squeezing on me. She started rambling about how it felt and stretched, "Ohhhh goddddd...it fuckin' stretches so good...makes me bigger...mmmm...gooood...yessss...yessss...yessss, make me bigger...mmmmmmm...stretch meeeeeeeee...stretch meeeeeee!"
