 A thousand thanks to Bob in Illinois for his silent contributions.


FOREWORD 

The following chapter is part of a single novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a small group of people.

By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

Many of these chapters could go into many different categories. For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex. A number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd hope a totally hetero or gay reader could to relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Fan mail, well-intentioned questions, and constructive criticism are welcome; I do my best to respond when an e-mail address is supplied.

Thank you. W_S

This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * *


Chapter 51: Carly Loses Her Virginity, Again

Lynn smiled at all of us before saying, "I'd say two of us are feeling a lot better." Her remark drew laughter. "Unless anyone has a problem with this idea, I think we should quit the game for now. Instead, I suggest everyone gets a wish, whatever pops into our head happens...like 'magic.' To be fair, those of us that haven't just gotten their rocks off get to use their wish first...if they choose to. OK with everyone?" Four heads nodded their agreement to Lynn's proposal.

Smiling, Lynn continued, "I'm ready for my wish. Carly, would you like to see your brother make love to me; see him come inside me?"

"Oh, yes! I'd like very much to see that!" Carly groaned, and it sounded very sincere to me.

Lynn moved beside me. She lay on her back so her pussy was pointed straight at Carly, guaranteeing my sister a great view of Lynn getting a good screwing. Reaching for a throw pillow, I placed it under Lynn's head.

Even as I lay down beside Lynn, we were both ready to explode. An intense make out session was our starting point; then we got serious. While I played with Lynn's breasts and butt, her hands roamed the same parts of my body, but soon we were both busy fondling our lover's genitals.

Lynn had rolled onto her side, then swung her left leg over my right one. In no time, Lynn was running my well-lubricated glans up and down her slit. My right hand returned to her butt, I pulled her towards me; she positioned my cock for penetration. The moment I felt myself an inch inside her, I rolled Lynn onto her back so I could mount her.

Slowly my penis sank into Lynn 'til my crown's little lips kissed her cervix. For the next minute, I held myself in that position while Lynn rotated her hips. Lord, how I enjoyed feeling my shaft twisting within her depths. Yet as wonderful as holding still felt, powerful instincts forced my body to begin thrusting in and out! I needed to come! Lynn needed to come! Our bodies were more than primed; we were completely ready for each other.

As if my hips were connected to an electric motor, they steadily rose and fell. Each piston-like stroke fully exposed my shaft to our audience, who then saw my penis push completely back into the puffy, pink, fleshy ring that Lynn's vaginal lips formed around me. They also saw our combined fluids pulled from her depths by my swollen flange.

My scrotum became a tight little sac beneath my cock as my semen was moved into position to fire into my lover's body. Her hips were rising forcefully up to meet my every stroke. Her vaginal grip on my shaft grew noticeably tighter. Lynn grabbed my head, our kissing continued deeply and passionately. By now I felt the tingling that both warned and promised that I'd soon be pumping sperm into my lovely Lynn.

Even as the sensations began to pile up like water behind a damn, I fought to hold it back. I held it. I resisted. I was teetering...right on the edge! I threw my head back, "Oh, Dear, God!" My rhythm changed to a pounding "bang, bang, bang" that matched my eruptions. Lynn climaxed the instant she felt the first hot stream of semen splash into her womb.

As hard as our groins pounded together, it's amazing that we both felt pleasure instead of pain. A thin milky white froth was soon leaking from her vagina for the others to see. Lynn hooked her feet behind me; she screwed her pussy around my shaft, affording us still greater pleasure.

Surely I must have run out of sperm, but it felt like I was still pumping semen into her body. Her vaginal contractions felt so perfect that my body was compelled to fully empty its load into her most welcoming receptacle.

When Lynn finally went limp, I remained hard enough, and aroused enough, to pump in and out of her for a minute longer. When I finally gave out, I lay peacefully atop Lynn. As we kissed, I heard my little Munchkin say a simple "Wow..."

Jimmy's voice was a little shaky, I suspected from lust induced arousal. "Carly, my wish is for you to sit on my lap. Would you like to?"

Silently Carly stood; her voice shook when she spoke. "Jimmy, do you understand what you're asking would be something... special?"

Showing an expression that was half lust and half longing, Jim replied. "I'd be so proud to be your...I think you're so beautiful, and I'll be 'gentle as a lamb.' I've had a crush on you for the longest time, Carly."

Clearly Jimmy had both surprised and touched my sister, judging by her expression. "Jim, I'd love to sit on your lap, just excuse me a minute, I'll be right back. I just need a quick sip of water."

Carly bolted for the kitchen. I heard the tap run for a few seconds, stop, then suddenly Munchkin was back with the group. 

Wiped or not, I rolled off of Lynn so we could both watch what was about to happen. Carly strode the few steps necessary to reach Jim, who'd leaned back against the sofa with his legs straight out in front of him. Stepping one of her feet over his legs, Munchkin's pussy was mere inches from Jimmy's face. Taking the hint, Jim dove into my sister's slit. Soon he was eating her with pure gusto. Carly's head lolled back; she wore a dreamy expression, indicating to me that Jim was hitting spots that were exceedingly pleasing for her.

Minutes later...with her pussy all bright, pink, and slippery, Carly proceeded to lower herself. Once on her knees, she offered her nipples for Jim to nurse on (which he did with obvious enthusiasm). As he suckled her, Carly wrapped her fingers around Jim's swollen, pulsating penis. Looking down, studying the warm pleasure-giving instrument within her grip, she pumped it several times, then spread his clear, slippery fluid until his erection was nicely oiled. By shifting her hips, Carly was able to swish his tip within her slit. She was so wet we could hear squishy sounds as she readied herself for penetration.

Jim spent a minute or two sucking on each breast, fondling whichever teat wasn't being nursed. His free hand had been running all over Carly's body, but now it was massaging the area around her clit.

"Kiss me." I heard Carly whisper. Jim released a swollen nipple, their lips met, nibbled, and kissed. Mouths opened, tongues began to fence.

"Glad you know how to be gentle with me." Carly cooed. What a terrific little actress! Using her big doe eyes on Jimmy, she looked as innocent as "Bambi." Carly settled ever so slowly onto Jim's penis. She worked her hips in small circles in addition to a slow up and down motion. Little by little Jim was disappearing into Carly.

The flexing and bobbing of Munchkin's ass seemed like the sexiest thing I'd ever seen. Much to my great surprise, I was actually becoming steely hard again!

Knowing Beth would understand my renewed lust; I asked her if she'd like to sit on MY lap (particularly since she still hadn't felt a penis inside her yet this evening). Smiling like the cat that ate the canary, she positioned herself over my reawakened cock. I couldn't take my eyes off Carly's butt. Actually seeing a penis worming into my sister's body...seeing it between her "oh so sweet cheeks," caused lava-like heat to flow through my veins.

Any hooker would've been proud of the seductive sway Beth's hips exhibited as she approached me. Rubbing her pussy across my face on her way down, Beth sank all the way down onto my shaft. My deep sigh could probably have been heard a mile away.

When I overheard Carly say, "You can come inside me, I want to feel everything my first time." that evoked a huge moan from both Jim and me. Without warning her, I 'attacked' Beth's long nipples, dining on her pulchritude. I couldn't get enough of either teat into my mouth. My hands grabbed her butt; I savored the sensations I felt as her buttocks flexed while riding me.

Beth must have been intentionally squeezing my cock. Each time she landed, it felt like two hands grabbing a baseball bat. As always, she made me feel phenomenal.

I whispered in her ear, "Beth, Angel, I hope I'm making you feel as good as you're making me feel. You're an incredible lover."

"No one makes me come any better than you do, Sweetie!" she whispered back. Adding an angel soft kiss on my ear, Beth definitely gave my embedded penis a hug with her vagina to emphasize the point. Life was so, so good.

Unable to stop myself, I looked back at Carly, she was moving up and down on Jimmy very slowly. They both had their eyes closed, wearing dreamy expressions.

Beth spoke softly into my ear. "Looks like they're going to take their time. Since it's my wish, and I don't think you'll mind waving you're sexy balls in Lynn's face, I want you to do me doggy while I eat Lynn. This might last a while, so I don't want her left out."

My hugging Beth extra-tight let her know I agreed.

Beth wiggled a finger for Lynn to come over. Quietly she drawled, "Here's my wish; I want you to 69 with me while Larry does me like a dawggy."

The girls shared a French kiss that raised their pulse rate a few beats. Lynn then lay on her back, legs wide, knees up. As Beth got into position, she purred at me, "Now you can watch your baby sister ride Jimmy. You come any time you need to Sweetie. If your 'coming' doesn't get me off, Lynn will finish me! Right big sister?"

Lynn munched on Beth's clit in answer to her question. Beth groaned... but not for the last time that night. Lynn guided my penis into her mouth. Following a few mind-blowing slurps, she stuffed me into her sister's warm pussy. I set a nice steady in and out rhythm that I hoped I could maintain long enough to send Beth into orbit. It wouldn't be easy though. It was exciting as hell...feeling Lynn eat the pussy I was screwing.

Not enough to get a guy off? Then add in all this:
* The air was filled with wonderful, wet sounds of sex.
* The scent of aroused women filled my nostrils.
* Looking down I'd see my penis through the crack between Beth's firm cheeks as it thrust in and out of her amazing body.
* Looking up, I'd see Jim's shaft moving between Carly's "super-sexy" cheeks. 
...All in all, 'Totally mind blowing!!!'

Lynn would fondle my balls or my butt part of the time. More than once our fingers caressed as we both toyed with Beth's breasts. Thinking Beth would love it if I pulled out all the stops, I let a drop of spit fall onto her pink anus. I began running my fingertip around her tight rosebud. She seemed to purr, but it was hard to tell because her head was still buried in Lynn's muff. The very tight circling by my fingertip began to open her up just enough that I knew I could slip my finger into her. Very carefully, I wormed my fingertip into her cute little 'pucker.' After a minute, I was in her up to my first little knuckle.

Pulling out, I spit again. This time I wormed my finger into her anus up to my second knuckle. That got a definite moan from Beth. She felt warm and tight; I made small circles with my finger, which Beth seemed to enjoy. I could see her breathing change. Carly and Jim were seriously starting to writhe, Beth was moving like a cat in heat. Lynn's tongue licked my shaft occasionally as I pumped within Beth. 

Catching me off guard, Lynn suddenly exploded. Beth had apparently "tripped her trigger!" Lynn's bucking hips had Beth's head jumping like a flea on a red-hot griddle. My penis felt Beth was getting ready to come any time now.

Carly chose that moment to emit a long groan from deep in her gut. My eyes darted to her ass. She and Jim were coming beyond a doubt. Carly was flinging her butt every which way. Jim frantically stabbed himself into her tight pussy.

Beth came. She pushed her hips back at me. They fluttered under the triple treat she was getting from my penis, my finger, and Lynn's mouth on her clit. 

That did it for me! I felt my balls sending whatever they could into sweet, Beth's body. I don't know if even a drop actually came out of me, but it felt as if I'd pumped a 'pint' into her steamy depths. I was rewarded by spasm after spasm of pure joy as my organ fulfilled nature's grand design. My penis was inside a beautiful girl; it tried as hard as it could, for as long as it could, to pump sperm into her. Beth's soft interior stroked my tender shaft for every drop I could give, and I gave...oh so willingly! I slumped on my side, exhausted, but blissful.

Jim and Munchkin lay in a happy heap. Beth, Lynn, and I formed our own merry mound. All of us were wiped out. The girls made a sandwich around me that was as cozy as a mother's womb. We ended up doing some three-way kissing that was delightfully beyond expression.

Reaching between her legs with her left hand to remove Jim's fading erection, Carly secretly wiped the few drops of ketchup she'd palmed during her trip to the kitchen onto his shaft. As she did, Carly smiled to herself, thinking, "Hey, no reason sweet Jimmy can't feel a warm glow for the rest of his life remembering the night he...got my cherry!"

* * * * *

Please vote if you enjoyed my story. This journey continues with Chapter 52.