 We just had some amazing sex in the garage, but we all agreed we needed to have a meeting in my office. Tara needed to make a pit-stop at the bathroom...she had to pee, but I'm sure she was cleaning up a bit...we soiled her pretty good.

Once Bryan and I got upstairs, I got some lube out of my desk and he laid back over the conference table; I stroked his dick and licked off the taste of his wife. I look up, as she comes into the office, "Honey, come over here and let me give you some lube."

"One of the cops was testing the door, downstairs. He didn't see me, but I think it was Frank...one of the forest preserve guys...he had the brown uniform."

"If he'd seen you running through the building, topless, he'd be all over things."

She directs a sexy, mischievous smile at the two of us, "I know...but three men...mmmm...that's a productive meeting!"

Delicately working it over her clit, I coated the lips...soothing the puffiness. "That's nice Rob...you guys treat me so good...always taking care of me. She giggled, "You know, if you treat my pussy right, she can go all night!"

"We hope so...your husband made an important executive decision to add more cowgirl to the agenda...he wants to give you a little ride! Go ahead...get on! I got him all ready!"

"Come on...saddle up sweetie!"

She grins, "I like how this meeting's turning out;" and hops up on the table. Poised with her beautiful ass over his pulsing dick, "Sweetie, just lay back and relax...let me fuck you!" She started rubbing the head through her lips. Then, holding it straight, she slowly lowered herself down onto his dick. "Mmmmmm...that's good...feels so good!"

"Honey, I like this part of the meeting...I wanna bury that dick...mmmmm...uhhhh...uhhhh...in my...belly and fuckin' ride it!"

"Ohhh fuck! That's what I needed...fuck me...fuck me with that pussy...so tight...and steamy hot...on my dick! Fuck!" 

When I decided to get in the action and got up on the table, he said, "I like where this's going." When I pushed my dick through his lips, they were tight on the shaft and rippled over the veined surface. "Make that cock feel good...yessssssss!"

Both husband and wife were being satisfied, as I pumped into his mouth and she started to ride his dick. Fucking, hard...and fast, our passions demanded it. The cries of pleasure mixed with the wet gurgle of my face-fucking. His hands roamed up over my body, until they found my ass. "Yea bud, grope that fuckin' ass! You like that don't ya?" He sort of nodded his head to answer. 

Just when I thought Tara was going to ride her way to another orgasm, she smiled, "Let's switch, honey." She slid off his cock and I pulled out so she could straddle his face. With his head positioned between her thighs, he pulled her down to his lips. Holding the object of her desire in my hand, she watched me, with visible lust. My cock is thick and juts from my groin, curving inward to touch my belly. Wanting it so badly, she visibly craves more swollen, throbbing meat, but her thoughts momentarily disappear, as his tongue pushes back the hood to expose her clit. She was super-sensitive and a little sore, but still wanting more. She moaned as his tongue went to work and he begins a slow finger fucking. With her hands gripping at the table, her head is thrown back and she's groaning and not wanting it to stop. His tongue softly flicks, over and over. "Oh Bryan, honey! Bryan...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's good...so good!"

I finally pull my eyes from the scene and bury his dick between my lips, pushing hard against my throat. He rolls his hips up to push his scratchy pubes into my face. "Robbie, kiss me...need your kisses...fuck his tongue's...uhhhh...uhhhh...amazing!"

I pull myself from her hubbie's dick and kiss over her face. Her probing tongue tells me she's close, but aching to be filled again. She tastes the salty musk in my mouth and reaches for my dick. 

Though delighted to have her holding my dick, I said, "Fuck! Tara, let's get you some more," and I helped her scoot back to straddle Bryan's. "There'ya go...straddle that hot man!" She used her fingers to spread the lips and I poked him through; I watched the stout head push her open. She moaned as a little strand of pussy (juice) dripped from her labia, "Damn T! Your hubby's good with that pussy, your dripping!" 

"I know...he's a keeper."

I kissed her and said, "Now, fuck him." Her pussy was soaking wet and it stretched tight to hug the shaft, as she sank lower. When she started riding up and down on his dick, I was drawn to watch her beautiful eyes and then her tits with those amazing nipples, bouncing up and down.

Her mouth stayed gapped, as she panted and started to fuck her husband. "Ohhhh god, I love that...ooohhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh," she moaned as she slid up and down, smashing her pussy against the root of his dick.

Bryan started breathing harder and humping into her pussy. A stunning moving target, I swatted at her ass, "Mmmmmm...hurt me...please...uhhhh...uhhhh...hurt me with those dicks! I'm yours...you know...you two fuckin' own me...uhhhh...mmmmm...uhhhh...uhhhh...you own this pussy...do everything you want! Fuck me...hurt me! Fuck me with that beautiful, cock!" 

Bryan and Tara were fucking into each other, while I stroked a hand over my dick...fuck I needed to cum...it felt really good to stroke...I was getting closer an closer to release.

Bryan started moaning, "Ohhh fuck! Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that pussssssseeee...gonna...make me...cummmmmmm!"

"Cum for me baby...cum fer me...that's it let it go!"

Goood load...here comes a nice...big load! Cummmming...fuck...cummmmming...again...cummmin baby! Cummmming in ya...cummmmmming in ya...yesssssssssss!"

He grabbed hold of her hips, slammed her down over his dick and dumped seed, deep into her belly. "Uhhhhhhhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's gooooood!" He buried his face in her tits, still moaning and fucking her until, finally, he came down from the orgasm,

Once he relaxed a little, she clambered down off the table and I spun her around. Now, prone and ready to satisfy me, I got her bent over and lying on the table. I positioned myself between her legs to take her from behind. I teased for a bit, poking and smearing creampie with the tip. Then, using a finger to scoop sex from the tiny little gap, I spread it over her ass. 

I could feel her need...her desire. With the desire, comes an aching need...an empty feeling that only cock can fill. She looks back and her eyes beg, as I stretch her pussy back open. Sex trickled down her thigh, as I push deeper into her belly. She closes her eyes and turns away, moaning with pleasure, "Fuck that's sweet...that pussy needs dick...more dick...she's still fucking hungry!"

After relentlessly, pleasuring our baby girl (and ourselves), she was puffy and sensitive. So we were inclined to go easy, giving her just what she could handle. But when her back arched and her muscles tightened, that was all I needed; I started pumping, faster and faster and had my pubes slamming up against her ass. As her orgasm unfolded, wordless moans scattered through the sex-talk, "Mmmmmm...fuck...me...ahhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuuuuu...ck...that's so...uhhhh...uhhhh...good!" 

I knew she was close and really wanted to pound her harder. She seemed okay, not showing any sign of discomfort, so I flipped her over and laid her up on the table. Bryan parked himself next to the table and pushed his dick into her mouth. She was all in and sucked like it was her first meal in weeks. She was in heaven with the attention of two big dicks! I reached down to rub some clit, while Bryan pinched on her nipples. 

She was bent in half to where her knees touched her shoulders and I was slamming myself between her legs. At first she was putting great effort into Bryan, but now he was just humping wildly into her face. We were both slamming into her; the sounds of sloppy, wet sex filled my office, "Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that...pussy's...good on...my dick!"

"She does look good on that dick...don't ya think?" 

He smiles, "Yeah...and these lips look good on...uhhhh...uhhhh...my dick!"

"Fuck! Uhhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...they really do." With our ongoing stupid exchange, I know she wanted to call us geeks, but her mouth was full. I felt her fingers dig into my body, gripping hard, as if she was never letting go. Finally she cut loose with orgasm...her body stiffened but her moans were swallowed up by the big dick, fucking her mouth. Waves of pleasure resonated through her body, while we fucked her through the orgasm. Once finished, Bryan pulled out, "That feel good, honey? "

"It was amazing...but now, I wanna see my boys shoot!" 

I put my hand on Bryan's shoulder, "I wanna see that, too." 

He grinned, "You go first, dude...it might take me awhile...been cumming a lot lately." Her body is limp now, relaxed from satisfaction, but Bryan's pushes back into her mouth and starts humping. On the edge of ecstasy, the need for release took over and I felt seed roiling up from my balls. I pumped wicked fast till I felt seed and grabbed the base. I whipped it out, released my grip and let loose a couple strands. I jacked my dick over her body and milked the very last drops over her belly. I felt its heat as it trickled over my hand. 

I know the sight of T getting covered in cum, pushed Bryan over the edge. He moaned, "Fuck yeah...nice...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...nice load! That's fuckin'...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...sweet! Close...gonna cummmmm!" He fucked her mouth till he couldn't hold back; he followed my lead and pumped it over what I left on her belly. I watched that firm, little ass flex, or even wince, as he pushed hard to get it out.

She was giddy from the reward and pushed the seed into a little puddle, on her belly. She started rubbing it over her skin and brought some up to her lips. 

Bryan perked up, "Fuck! Just like porn! Honey, we need to do porn!"

"Honey we don't have time to do porn...this's perfect! I think it's perfect the way it is now."

I look down at her beautiful caring eyes, "Clean us up, sweetie?" 

With a big smile, "Oh yesssss!"

"See...she's got it all...this is porn!"

"Sweetie...are you our little pornstar?"

She giggles, "I hope so," and went back to work. First Bryan then me, she licked us, sucking up every last drop. When she was done with him, she kissed the tip and smiled, "Next! Are you in line, sir?"

I watched her tongue slide from the head and down over the shaft, several times. When she took the head in her mouth, her tongue probed the slit. She kissed on the shaft a little, "There...now, let me at that!" Her fingers scooped from the puddle and she licked each finger. When we started to step away from the conference table, "Wait," she said. "I really need to tell you all something!"

"I really love you two! Bryan you're the best hubbie ever! And...Rob, you're the best co-hubbie! 

Co-husband was the term we started using...it sounded better than fuck buddy. Anyway, I answered, "I know Sweetie...I love both of you and I like being the co...you know?"

We both bent down to kiss our precious baby girl, I could taste the sex on her lips...it was perfect!

Bryan grinned, "When you have agendas like this, you need two husbands!"

"By the way, I wanna attend more meetings! Maybe tomorrow...say 5:00?" He put his hand under my dick to rest it in his palm, "Maybe spend little time, one on one, with this big guy?"

"Sounds good...real good!"

"Mmmmmm...my cock burn should feel even better, tomorrow...love it! Maybe hold the meeting in our bedroom?"

"Brilliant!"