 Tara had been longing for the Thunderdome Threesome Night, we had planned. It had been a couple weeks, and she could hardly wait, but Bryan and I had a surprise. We met at the rink around 6 to dress, made our way back to their house and walked in together.

It didn't take her long to figure things out before she squealed, "Oh fuck...you guys! You're crazy, but I love hockey night. You know how to please a woman...I can't wait to have my two hot, hockey players!"

She was so excited, she handed us our beers and started things off, stripping off her t-shirt and shorts. She slipped off my shorts and hiked-up my jersey, to run her fingers over my chest and down the trail of hair that led to her favorite man-part.

Grinning all the while at Bryan, I tweaked her nips. "Bryan, this was a good plan!"

"A brilliant plan, dude."

"I really love it, guys...I have my own hockey team to play with!"

I looked down over her shapely curves, enhanced with the skimpiest of underwear; Tara's petite, but it was so tiny that it barely covered her tight, pink folds. I gently squeezed her tits, flicking my thumbs over the hardened nipples. At first, she moaned quietly, pushing her breasts against my hands. I leaned in to take one in my mouth, sucking the nipple as I flicked my tongue. Growing with the anticipation, I felt some beefy manhood inside my jock, straining for freedom. Gently using my teeth, I tugged her nipples and released them so I could watch that sexy bounce.

Knowing what was ahead, I moved lower to ready her pussy. Bryan and I planned to hat-trick her pussy, with three loads each. Pulling a hand from her breast, I ran it down over her soft, pale skin. Shifting her panties aside, I pushed one finger, then two, into the slit.

Feeling her arousal, I gently spread her open and pumped into the juice while Bryan got the lube.

Her tiny pink lips, protruding slightly, hugged my fingers; and when I parted the lips, the sight of her deep pink core made me rock-hard. 

She moaned and grabbed the top of my head, "Mmmmmm...will you fuck me with your jerseys on...please?"

"So...you wanna ride some hockey players?"

Yeah...yes, I wanna ride my hockey players! I'm dying to ride my hockey players!"

We laid her back over the couch and Bryan smiled, "Me too, dude...but tonight it's T's turn!"

I grinned, "Tara...pussy! You need to focus, now."

Bryan smiled, "Dude, let a studly wing take over." Still working her pussy, he licked my fingers clean, once I pulled out. Quickly replacing them with his tongue, he certainly didn't disappoint; lathering her with attention only made her moans grow.

He licked through the tiny slit, swirling his tongue over her clit and probing as deep as his tongue could reach.

Desperate to have him satisfy her pussy, she held the back of his head and eagerly rolled her hips into his face. He doubled-down and planted his lips over her clit; encircling it with his mouth, he passionately sucked, essentially, giving her clit a blowjob.

I lost all control, driving my tongue into her mouth. Kissing her till she moaned, "Gimme that cock, sweetie...gimme cock."

I shoved the jock down under my balls. When it sprang free, it stood proud, the purplish head pointing to the ceiling. She instinctively reached out to worship the prize, carefully stroking and savoring; she quickly added her other hand, to work with both. Being swollen and rock hard, the veins stood out on the surface and her soft hands offered indescribable pleasure.

My head dropped forward, and I groaned, causing her to look up. I watched her eyes linger on the defined lines of my lean frame. Crazy with need, she leaned forward to plant a big kiss on the tip. 

She kissed up over the entire length, before stretching her lips open and taking the head. Closing tight on the shaft, she took half and then backed it out to the very tip. Her tongue started swirling over the head, and she lovingly stroked, sliding it through her fingers. 

"Yeah sweetie...yeah, swallow that dick...that's it...suck it...mmmm...that's it...yeah!" She was driving me wild and I was pushing my fingers through her hair, gently nudging her to take more.

After a few minutes of Bryan's tongue, her spit-soaked folds were warmed-up; he stripped off my jock and helped me climb on top of his wife (...or our wife). Grabbing hold of my dick, he stroked on lube; he used both hands to cover the entire shaft and carefully guided it to the tiny slit. We grinned at each other and I pushed inside, as he joked, "Dude, just hit the net."

"Where've I heard that before?"

"You two talk too much...its time you make me your hockey slut," she grinned.

I didn't think we talked too much, but she was right...it was time to make some hockey slut. I slapped the shaft down over her pussy a few times, before rubbing it, back and forth, over her swollen nub. Aided by wetness (and lube), I pushed forward to part her lips, again. I felt my dick throbbing, as it sank deeper and deeper into her body. 

"There baby...that's the hockey player you need. You like?"

"Fuck yeah, I like...I love it!"

As I began to pump, she reached down to spread her lips and moaned, "Mmmmmm...that's so...so what I needed...yeah...mm...mm...mm...hockey-player cock!" She started to push back, wanting to feel the full length of my dick.

I scooted her to the edge of the couch and pounded my way to a release, "Fuck! Your pussy's amazing. Tara...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...it's tight...fucking smokin' hot!" 

After exploring her mouth with his tongue, Bryan made his way to her breasts. She glowed, "Oh baby, I love that...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...love that...fuck me...fuck me...fuck me...use me...use me...use my tight pussy!" 

My pace increased until I was ploughing into her with all I had. Bryan watched with intense interest; my cock was a blur and she groaned with pleasure. 

"Fuck, baby girl! Close already...so close...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...damn it...work that dick...work it with that pussy...yeah...yeah!"

Orgasm came on quick, as my whole body convulsed, pumping seed deep inside. Usually I make things last, but it felt so good to cum; it was like her cervix was sucking my balls dry. She felt my dick jerk inside and smiled, feeling a satisfaction with her performance...after all, it only took seven...maybe eight minutes to make me cum. Not knowing of our intent to cum three times, she had no idea longevity was off the table. We were going as hard as possible...it was all about the hat trick.

Keeping it buried inside, I shifted my weight and squeezed next to her, on the couch. We laid there for a few minutes before a squeeze of her pussy brought me back to earth. I pumped my hips and felt sex, bath my dick, and trickle from her pussy's tight-grip. 

"Bryan, I think it's your turn."

He grinned, "Dude, it's about time." 

She took a sip from her glass and got that grin, again, "He can fuck me, and you can fuck him. I wanna see my hockey players fuck...please! Please fuck for me...fuck for me!"

He smiled, "Sweetie...love the way you're thinking." 

He looked over, "Fuck me, dude? I need some hockey player, too."

"What do you think, Bryan? I think our little baby girl's amazing."

"I know she's amazing, and she knows it, too...don't ya, sweetie?"

She flashed a sexy smile, "Yup...know it," and laid back to spread her legs. "Honey, put it in...put it in me...ahhhh...ahhhh...yesssssss! God that feels good...yesssssss...fuck me...deep...fuck me, deep!"

When I found his hole, he was grinding Tara...and each time he stroked outward, I'd impale him, pushing as deep as it would go. Bryan loved the sensation of having dick in his ass, but it was even better when he could fuck Tara. I used long, slow strokes at first, just enjoying the way that firm butt felt in my hands...and the intense pleasure of his ass riding my dick. 

Once she got her fingers working her clit, her moans mounted. "Fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...yeah...yeah...fuck me...fuck...fuck...fuck me!" I could see her arm flex, from rapid rubbing.

I fucked harder, driving his dick deep into her pussy. Knowing his thrusts were enhanced by the assault on his ass, she was turned-on and moaning, "Yeah...fuck him...fuck him, hard...honey, push his dick into me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...yeah, deep...push him deep...yeah!" 

"Oh sweetie...yeah...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...fuck me!" I could see ecstasy spread through her body, "O god, sweetie...I'm wet...so wet...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh. Fuck yeah...yeah! Cumming...cumming...m'cumming...cumming...yessssssss...yesssssssssss...yesssssssss...yesssssssssssss! Fuckkkkkk...meeeeee...fuck me...fuckkkkkkk...meeeeeeeee!"

Pumping his ass hard, "Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...ride my dick...ride it...ride my dick...mmmmm...fuck yeah...ride it, buddy...ride it!"

Bryan hiked his jersey up out of the way and groaned, "Fuck me...fuck me...yeah...yeah...yeah...feels so good...feels...good! Fuck me...fuck me, hard...fuck me!" He came within minutes after Tara, moaning louder, "Shit...done...I'm done...fuck me...cumming...fuck me...fuck me...yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...scoring...I'm scoring!"

I kept pounding, forcing him deep into Tara's belly. "Fuck Rob! Fuck me...yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh...use it...use my ass...mmmmm, love that cock...deep...in me...deep...deep in me...fuck it deep!"

"Oh Robbie...honey, I know yer close...cum hard...fuck him with that load!"

Pumping desperately, in search of release, I couldn't hold back and fucked a load into his ass, "Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck...so good...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's good...so fuckin' good...yeah...so good...fuckkkkkkk!" 

He turned to grin as I was catching my breath, "Dude, that was fucking amazing, but I don't think it counts."

"I know...I know...no net...just yer ass"

She lay ready with her legs open, but smiling, "Wait a minute...what the fuck is going on? Are you two playing hockey or having sex...is my pussy a goal or something?"

I looked over that hot, little body, pressing fingers into the solid flesh of her tits. I grinned awkwardly, "Yeah, we wanted to surprise you with hockey-player sex. And yes, we're trying to hat trick your pussy." I smiled, "We're both trying to give you, three loads. You're not mad, are you?"

"Mmmmm...how could I be mad, sweetie...this's gonna be fun. But...I think you all have a way to go, because it sounds like you both have two to go. She looked at Bryan's semi-hard dick and said, "Sweetie...pump that thing back up and go to it."

As he pushed the tip of his dick into the wet folds, she erupted with groans, "Ahhhh...ahhhh...that's good...so good...so fuckin' good!"

I watched his ass flex and couldn't resist, "Dude, I gotta have that ass, again...you ready for another round?"

"Fuck yeah...I'm not gonna turn that down, but yer handin' me the game, dude." He tossed me lube, "I'll shoot in fucking two minutes!"

I laughed, "I guess I can't help myself," and covered my dick with lube. Slowly, I pushed deeper, watching his ass swallow the whole shaft. 

"Mmmmmm...ahhhh...god damn...that's it...fuck me, dude...fuck me!" 

I caressed, tightened my grip and humped with long, forceful strokes...I wanted to fuck that sexy, little ass, forever. It never changed; after all the time we spent together...I was as obsessed with fucking Bryan, as I was fucking Tara. They were both sexy as hell!

My hips slapped over his cheeks...flawless...muscled cheeks. While things ramped up, he rolled his hips with my thrusts and fucked into her steady moans. "Fuck me, dude...fuck me...gimme that hockey player dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...yeah...that big hockey player dick!"

"Mmmm...all my hockey players...fuck me...fuck me...yeah...yeah...so fucking hot!" She screamed, "Fuck me...cum in me...gimme that load, baby!"

He moaned, "Already there...fuck...fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fillin' that pussy...gonna fill that pussy. Don't stop...don't stop...fuck me, Rob...fuck me...fuck me!" His body stiffened when orgasm took over and he pumped out another release; I felt each pulsing cumshot, when he contracted around my dick. 

Once we all caught our breath, I said, "Let me get wipes...still in the bathroom?"

"Yeah, sweetie...on the end, next to your sink."

Bryan came into the bathroom, "We're moving it to the bed...and we're gonna need this. He grabbed a towel and smiled, "Get your ass back in here...you gotta score a few more goals, dude...you're losin' the game.

"Are you crazy...a few more?"

Tara yelled, "Yeah! Get your ass back here...I need more hockey player. She giggled, "Less talk...more hockey player!"

She was spread eagle on the bed; she had a towel and a pillow under her ass. 

Almost straddling her head, I sank down on my knees, held the base of my dick and bounced it over those full, sensuous lips. I leaned forward to push it through and she eagerly slurped the stout shaft. My heavy, cream-filled balls tumbled over her face, "Mmmmm, that's our baby girl...suck that dick...yeah, that's it." 

When I pulled out, "Ready for more hockey cock?"

"Bring it on, sweetie...bring it on!"

I shifted around to drag my dick between her legs; teasing the slit, it was still moist with sex. Against her petite frame, my dick looked huge; the swollen shaft almost covered the stretch between her muff and belly button. Yearning to be fucked again, she leaned up to kiss me, "Fuck me, baby...gimme that big hockey dick...you need to score." She giggled and looked at Bryan, "I think my sweetie has you by a point."

When I parted her lips, she was still tight...even after all our play, she was tight. I pushed several inches in and she moaned, "Oh god! Put it all in me...put it in...god damn...fuck, that's good!" 

Pushing through the collective cum, her pussy easily swallowed every last inch. Once the tip hit bottom, I stopped pushing and, started humping. Creampie coated everything and ran down her ass crack...I wondered how she made it from the living room to the bedroom, with all that cum...she must have corked her pussy or something. 

"Give it to me...uhhhh...uhhhh...Rob...Rob...Rob, give it to me! Harder! More...fuck me...fuck me more...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...fuck me more." Her legs wrapped tight around my back, forcing me deeper and pushing rock-hard dick deep into her belly.

"Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's it...mmmmm...fuck me hard...harder!" I held her tight, slamming my hips forward, and jamming my dick, as deep as it would go. Her tits were bobbing wildly, as she grasped the bed to hang on. "Fuck me...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's it...fuck me!"

After some serious fucking, she breathlessly moaned, "Oh sweetie let me do you...let me ride my hockey player...I wanna ride you."

Bryan had come back to life, sprawled out next to us and pumping, "Baby girl...ride that hockey stud...ride'm good!"

I laid back, "Yeah...get on that thing and ride, baby girl!"

A big smile came over her face as she swung her leg over top. Scooting forward so that it pressed against her puffy lips, she rubbed the tip through the wetness and over her clit. Before taking it all, she teased a little more, "You want me to ride that big hockey stick?" She laughed, "Oh, I mean dick?"

"Hockey stick...dick...ether works, sweetie! Fuck yeah...I want you to ride it...ride me! Ride it, baby girl!" 

She lowered her body, letting the tight folds slowly part over the head. The instant, it split those lips and she started riding, sex dripped down over my balls.

"Fuckkkkk...ride it...ride it, sweetie," I roared. 

Bryan watched, as she ground herself into me and came to rest in my lap. Totally impaled on rock-hard dick, she started to ride, heaving her tits, up and down, with each bounce. Her tight walls rippled over its veiny girth, filling her with ecstasy...the ecstasy big cock flesh could give.

Bryan was chanting, "Ride him cowgirl! Ride him...ride him...yeah...ride that big dick...ride it!" 

This continued till I wanted back in the game and began thrusting into her. She got up on her knees, and I took over, causing her to throw her head back and moan, "Fuck Rob! Rob! Rob, fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...so good...so good...it's so good...so good..fuck me...fuck me!" 

Knowing what we both needed, I flipped her back over on the bed, pulled my jersey off and went full on. With me thrusting into her petite, little body, she locked her legs around my back, "Oh god! Ahhhh...ahhhh...this's way better...uhhhh...uhhhh...faster, please...oh god...fuck me faster!" Her hands grabbed hold of my ass, where she could feel the flexing muscled thrusts. She loved the powerful fucking that I could deliver; each roll of my hips seemed to fill her pussy with more pleasure. 

She loved every inch, taking it deep in her belly and squeezing with a hot, steamy pussy. Pausing to shift her legs, I almost folded her in half, "Sweetie, put your legs back...let me get in there good."

While Bryan watched, he jacked, "Fuck sweetie! That's fuckin' hot! Ride it...ride that dick...mmmm...I could use some hockey stud too."

Her whole body rolled to meet my thrusts. Feeling the burn growing, she reached down to rub her clit and moaned, "Love that big...uhhhh...big cock...big hockey cock...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...ahhhh...ahhhh...love it fillin' my pussy...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...ownin' my pussy. Yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh...mmmmm...fuck it...make me...oh god...make me cum...make me cum!"

Her breathing quickening, I could feel her body trembling with need. I humped into the creamy sex until her whole body shook, and powerful orgasm took hold. She screamed louder, "Yes...yessssssss! Yes...fuck me...fuck me...don't stop...don't stop...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...fuck me...cumming...cumming...yesssssss!" 

"Sweetie, cum hard...cum for me...cum hard for me...yeah!"

Her walls clenched, squeezing even tighter as strong pulses of orgasm flowed through her body. The moans drove me to the edge, but I was finished when I felt the shuddering. I couldn't hold back and emptied my balls, of all that I had left. "Tara...Tara! Fuck...that's it...cumming...cum...cumming...cumming with you...cumming with you!"

I pumped a little slower while I tried to catch my breath. When I finally did pull out, my dick dripped with wet, musky sex; it was my cum, his cum and a lot of Tara. While I planted lingering kisses on her lips and forehead, my hard flesh, bobbing and almost sore, left shiny tracks on her belly. Her big smile said everything, but she spoke softly, "Sweetie, mmmm...that was amazing. I really love my hockey studs."

We exchanged kisses one more time, before I turned to Bryan, "Buddy, it's your turn...get in here and score." I laughed, "You can score while the cum is still hot!"

He took my place and Tara moaned, "Yeah baby, push all that cum in...back in...yeah, fuck me with it...yer cock...yer cock feels so good...fuck me...score for me...score for me, again...yeah...yeah...yeah, fuck me!"

He grunted from the sensation of hot pussy and grabbed her hips, as he withdrew. Pausing for a moment, before plunging forward, he forced lengthy groans from her lips. Embracing overwhelming needs, they held each other and moved together. Her body shuddered and her breasts bounced forward as he pounded her with deep, satisfying thrusts. I watched them fuck...her tight pussy hanging on to the shaft, and his balls slapping up against her ass. 

Bryan was fucking hard; trying to score one last time; it was smokin' hot and I was content watching, because I was feeling spent. But then Tara looked up with her mouth wide open, "Uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...uhhhh...yeah...Robbie, wear yer jersey and give me more hockey stud...please!"

"Baby girl, your high maintenance, but totally worth it...you know." I grabbed my jersey, parted her lips and pumped forward. 
