 I was very apprehensive about continuing things with Jay (and Karen), because I really missed Eric. It was always the three of us (with Karen watching) and I guess it was hard to look back. But I finally gave in...

***********************

With one hand working her pussy, Karen watched us go at it. She was moaning, "Yeah...yeah...yeah baby, suck it...suck that...mmmm...mmmm...suck that dick...fuckkkkkk!" 

Always a sexy voyeur, I thought she was going to watch like she always did, but then she grinned, "Mmmmmm...you boys...now that you got me all hot, I could use some action." 

I thought that meant I'd be watching Jay service his girlfriend...she seriously looked like she needed some. Anyway...I guess I was a little shocked when she looked directly at me, "Jay, it's time I got some...some of that. Can we share it?"

When I pulled from her boyfriend's mouth, it slapped over my belly. Rock-hard and upright, the shaft, emerged from thick, brown pubes and arched proudly. It bobbed each time I moved, but her gaze quickly focused on the crown. Topped with precum, it wasn't long before she eagerly dropped to her knees and pulled it down towards her face. 

She grinned, "This's so hot...I get to share a cock with my boyfriend!"

With her face just inches from the swollen dick, I watched her eyes study every detail. Its not like she was unfamiliar with it; she had watched me in action many...many times. This time, it really seemed like she wanted to take time and enjoy it. She rubbed a finger through the clear sex, at the tip and lifted the balls in her hand, feeling their warmth and weight. 

She carefully ran her fingertips up and down the shaft, closely studying the subtle veining, below the surface.

It got to the point where I needed her lips so bad, my dick twitched in her hands. Teasing us both, she leaned in to rub its hot flesh against her cheek and then over her lips.

I moaned, "Fuckkkk...yeah...yeah...Karen, savor it...like that...just like that."

Finally, her tongue flicked over the tip, savoring it like a dark, red popsicle. She stroked with one hand and then both, before looking up, "You know...I've watched you fuck your boyfriend and my boyfriend. I've fantasized about this for a long time...I think you know that, though."

I laughed, "Karen, I would never have guessed that...fuck! Fantasized...that's priceless!"

She giggled, "I know...you can laugh; I opened the door. I can hardly wait to have it inside me...you know? I've thought about the intensity of this moment, but never thought I'd get this horny." She ran a finger through her pussy, "I'm crazy wet...yer gonna feel so good!"

Finally, she took a deep breath and engulfed the head, wrapping her lips tight around the shaft. As she enthusiastically started sucking, her spit quickly saturated the veiny surface. 

She was certainly showing her stuff...doing amazing things for my dick...and it looked like I was gonna get some of that tight pussy, too. I couldn't believe this was finally happening, but I guess I knew she would give it up, at some point. After all, she fantasized (and masturbated) all the time. She'd drooled over Erik and me for months; and, like she said, even shared her boyfriend with us.

As this new part of our relationship unfolded, the erotic slurps and moans filled the room. I looked over to see that Jay had dropped his pants to stroke, while he watched his girlfriend take my dick for the very first time.

I took her head in my hands and pumped through her lips; she moaned into hard flesh, as we tried to reach that balance between going deep and gagging. I felt my balls, heavy with seed, starting to tighten. I was concerned that I'd lose it, in the increasing pleasure of her blowjob. 

"Fuck Karen...Karen...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yer gonna...fuck, yer gonna make me cum!"

She resisted my efforts to pull from her mouth, so I (very reluctantly) pushed her off. As I pulled from her lips, she softly gasped for air and swallowed. Her sensuous lips glistened with spit and tiny drops rolled down her chin. 

I looked into her eyes, "I want more than a blowjob and I almost lost it, there! Sweetie, you want more?"

She got a big, sexy grin, "I want it all...yeah, I want more!"

When I heard Jay groan loud, I turned to see a creamy spray fly from his dick. Most of it landed on the floor, but the last bit trickled down over his wildly stroking hand. 

I smiled, "Enjoying yourself, buddy?"

"Fuck yeah!"

I was going to ask if he was comfortable with us moving forward, but he answered before I had the chance. "Now, I wanna watch'ya fuck...maybe once I recover here, I can help?"

"Karen, let's get you over there, on the couch...just lay back and let me get you ready."

She giggled again, "Sweetie, I'm ready...any time you are!"

She spread her legs, while I got on my knees and went for it. Circling my tongue and savoring the bright, pink flesh, I kept pushing through her lips, going deeper into the tiny slit. 

She squealed when I pulled off and told Jay to get the lube, "Yeah! Oh yeah...lube me up! Baby go get us some lube...please."

Eventually focusing on the stiff nub of a clit, I aggressively swirled my tongue over the hardness. With rapid flicks of my tongue I felt her shudder with the increasing pleasure. "Ahhhh...ahhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...mmmmm...Rob...Rob...uhhhh...that's good."

I leaned back to insert a couple fingers; I pumped them through the lips, just to loosen things further. She was wet alright, but still felt plenty tight.

"Fuck Karen! You are one hot babe...so fucking tight! We're gonna need that lube."

She grinned while Jay came back into the room, "I know...yer gonna love it, dude! She's amazing...I know she has a bitch of time with my dildo...it's almost too thick...you know?"

"Karen, I'll take it slow, but let me know what you need."

"Sweetie, what I need is right there."

It was time and I was ready to have a long-awaited go with Karen. I stroked lube over my dick and rubbed some through her lips...she just smiled and watched. Sex glistened in the tiny slit, but I remember thinking the lube would be essential, if I was going to sink this dick in her. 

Shifting to get in a better position, I spread her legs and pushed them way back. She held them back, while I leaned in and took hold of my dick. When she felt it slap over her pussy, her squeals excited me even more. When I was rubbing over her lips, they looked so tiny, in comparison. I'm not that much bigger than Jay, but she looked so petite...so small...so tight...you know?

I pulled her closer, "Do you want me to fuck you...want me to stretch that little pussy?"

"Yes...yesssss! Fuck me...Rob, fuck me...don't be scared to stretch me...I want you to stretch me!"

Again, I pressed the head against her opening and rubbed it up and down the smooth slit, before I began to push forward.

She moaned with a big gasp when I pushed through the tight, grip of her pussy lips. "Ahhhh... oh god...oh god...fuck...fuckkkkkkk...mmmmmmm...oh god...yeah...yeah...yeah!"

"You okay, sweetie?"

She smiled as it inched deeper, "Mmmmmmm...yeah...yeah...okay. Take it slow...just take it slow. That...fuck...that's...ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...amazing...that's amazing!"

I pushed deeper, "Still okay?"

"Yeah...yeah...keep goin'...keep goin' deeper...love it...love that cock...love your cock!"

When I felt the tip at her cervix, she was moaning with ecstasy (and maybe a little pleasure pain). She couldn't take the last couple inches, so I took it slow, pumping gently into her pussy's embrace. The tight, muscled walls squeezed at the girth of my rock-hard flesh, and I savored every inch of her pussy.

She was completely filled and savoring every inch I could give he. When I started to pump as deep as it would go, her eyes grew wide and rolled back, with the euphoria. "Mmmmmmm...ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...that...that's good, Rob. Damn, that's perfect...yeah...yeah."

I was glad to see this kind of pleasure, but I still kept my thrusts, slow and gentle. When she pulled her legs back further and moaned louder, I guess I knew she was ready...ready to take more. 

Jay grinned, "Sweetie, I knew you'd love it...he's thick...thicker than me...you know?"

"Baby...yeah...yeah...fuck, I love it...uhhhh...uhhhh...ahhhh...yeah, love it. Thank you, baby...I love this dick...uhhhh...uhhhh! Thank you for sharing!"

I relaxed my grip on her legs to move a hand to her breast; my fingers dug into the perky firmness, I always lusted for. I squeezed, while pumping harder; I pinched on her nips and groped those amazing tits. We attained a healthy rhythm where she worked my dick, clenching and unclenching, while I pumped her to ever-increasing pleasure. 

The pounding felt so good, she moaned, "Rob...Robbieeee...fuck me...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...use me...use my pussy...fuck that pussy...feels...feels good...use me...use me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...fuck, that's good!" We were both lost in the moment, feeling only pleasure...feeling the sounds of the hard sex filling the room. My hips smacking against hers, 

I reached down to stroke her clit...it was dark red and hard like my dick. "Fuck, your rock-hard...and wet...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...and tight! Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...love yer...love yer tight pussy...uhhhh...uhhhh...so fuckin' tight!"

"Yeaaaah, tha's it, that's what I need...stroke it...stroke it...stroke my clit...ahhhh...ahhhh...yeah! Fuck me with your fucking hard man...cock! Fuck me...keep fucking me...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...keep fucking me...keep fucking me!"

Her body was almost folded in half, while I was fucking, balls deep. Her breasts rocked sensuously with my thrusts, but I really tried to keep my focus on her clit. I knew the heavy, quick breathing meant she was close, "Ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...my clit...fuck...my clit! Keep...keep it up...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...fuck me...hard...harder!" 

The relentless effort finally paid off, triggering huge waves of shuddering. Again, straining the walls of her pussy, my dick pulsed and pumped as deep as it could. 

She went wild as orgasm took hold and the pleasure rocked her entire body. "Cum on my dick...yer so fuckin' wet...cum on my dick, sweetie. Cum hard on that dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...sweetie, cum hard...that's it!"

I felt her stiffen and scream, "Oh god...oh god...uhhhh...uhhhh...cumming...yes...yes...yes...yes...sweetie, m'cumming...cumming...mmm...yeah...cumming!" 

I only lasted a few more minutes, before release started building within my balls. "Want it? Fuck...so close...so close...want it in you?"

"Mmmmmm...yeah...give it to me...gimme all that load!"

I groaned as the seed started to spray from the tip, "I'm there...fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...cumming...I'm cumming, too. Fuck...cumming! Fuck...yeah...yeah...cumming...cumming!" Each pulse into her belly, seemed to cause her to shudder even more. 

I collapsed and her face glowed with sated pleasure, "Sweetie, that was perfect...god that was perfect...just like my fantasies."

I slowly pulled the softening dick from her pussy, watching sex drip from the tiny gap. "Yeah, sweetie...show us that creampie...show us that cum...all that cum...push it out for us...yeah that's it...that's it."

She squealed, when I slapped the sex-glazed dick over her belly. It was getting soft, but still looked a little ominous, glistening with her musk.

Both of us breathed a little deeper, as we turned to Jay. I smiled, "Dude, want sloppy seconds...it's got your girlfriend all over it."

"Yeah baby, you can clean me off his cock...it's beautiful...a beautiful cock."

Without uttering a word, he grinned and went down on me. His tongue savored the tip and I pressed down on the back of his head, pushing his lips further down the shaft.

As I rolled my hips forward and fucked his mouth, "Fuck that's good...so good! Buddy suck that dick...suck it good...worship it...worship that dick!" 

He swirled his tongue around the head again and bathed the shaft with his spit. 

"Suck that dick, Jay...yeah...yeah...suck it...suck me...yeah...yeah...yeah...mmmmm...yeah."

I reached out to swat his ass and he moaned around the cock. "Fuck you got a nice ass, dude...but you know...I think you got a twin."

Karen smiled, "You mean Eric? Or you? I think you all got cute butts."

"No, you, Karen! Spin around and let us have a look."

It was amazing how much the two of them looked alike; the only difference were the balls, perched between Jay's legs. "Look at that...two...there are two! You have twin butts!" 

She commented, "Well, it looks like you both need more, but I can't take that thing in my ass!"

"Jay, sweetie, you got Robbie all hard again...show your baby girl what a cock-slut you can be...please."

I smiled, "Yeah Jay, you got me crazy, fucking horny; look at this thing. Karen's done her part; now, I believe it's your turn."

"Say no more...just take it easy on me and throw me that lube." 

He pumped some into his hand, "Here sweetie, you lube up Rob and I'll do my ass."

"See Rob...when you visit, you've got the best of both worlds...I love sharing my boyfriend with you."

All I could think about was fucking his hot, little ass. It was one of those things where you never get enough, but I finally answered, "Yeah, you got that right...best of both worlds!" 

I turned to him, "You really like getting fucked, don't you?" 

He grinned, "Yeah...I do...I really do...I'm your bottom."

"Then bend over, dude. Let's see that hot, little ass!" 

I dug my fingers into beautiful ass cheek and turned to Karen, "Enjoy the show, sweetie!"