 The ringing of the phone woke me from a shallow sleep. I was sitting in our family room, waiting for my wife to return from a girls’ night out. Our kids were at her parents for the weekend, giving us a chance to be alone. If they only knew. I recognized the voice on the other end of the line instantly. It was my wife. 

“Turn off all the lights and look out into the back yard. Enjoy the scene, but don’t do anything, just watch”, she said in barely more than a whisper. 

It was 3 AM on Friday night / Saturday morning. She had been out with the girls celebrating her freedom and her new 36C tits. 

My wife is the girl next door. She is beautiful, but not a Victoria’s Secret model. She has a slim athletic body, tight ass, great legs, dirty blond hair and a flat chest. Well, she had a flat chest until the boob job about 4 months ago. What used to be 34A/B is now a full C. She was the last of her girl friends to get it done and at 34 and mother of 2 boys, 5 and 7, she looks fantastic. 

People who meet her never realize what a hot fucking slut she can be. She looks like a Sunday school teacher, which she has been. When our youngest started school, she got very sexual, very horny, wanting sex almost every night.

I got up, turned off the lights and TV and looked out onto the back yard. There was a full moon out, and I wondered if that had any effect on her. I could clearly see the back yard and wondered if our neighbors were up that late as well. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a light go off in my next door neighbor Fred’s house. Fred is a night owl who tends to stay up late while his wife is in bed by 10 most nights. 

Soon I saw her walking over from another neighbor’s house. Lynn and Tom’s lot shares about 5 feet with our back lot line. She had walked over to Lynn’s house earlier in the evening to meet up with Lynn and Sheri. Tom was off camping with his kids for the weekend. 

Now, she was walking back stark naked, with a fully clothed man beside her. Her arms were behind her and she seemed to be arching her back, pushing out her tits. She also seemed to be walking funny, with something around her waist. She had a necklace of some sort around her neck. She didn’t have these things on when she left earlier. She actually didn’t have much of anything on. 

They didn’t really walk, they kind of sauntered, like they were in a park and this was a perfectly normal stroll. They stopped every few feet to kiss deeply while working over her tits with a both his hands. From the way she squirmed and moved, she seemed to like this a lot. He would wrap his arms around her, but she would keep her arms behind her. 

About the third or forth time they did this, I realized that her wrists were handcuffed behind her. When they got to the deck, I saw that her elbows were tied together. Wow, this was all new stuff to me. I never knew she was into bondage. They walked onto the back deck and stopped about 5 feet from where I was standing inside the house watching. I had left the patio door open, but the screen was closed. There also was another open window that looked onto the patio, which is where I stood, right next to the window, so close I could almost touch them. As I looked at her shaved pussy, I saw that she had a dildo or vibrator shoved up in her pussy with a string or strap holding it in. 

She was hot. They weren’t really noisy, but they weren’t quiet either. And at 3AM, that seemed like a lot of noise to me. He reached behind her head and pulled her to another deep kiss, right on the deck in front of me. She responded to his kiss by humping his leg with her dildo filled pussy and kissing him deeply. 

He looked to be in good shape, a little younger than Sarah or I, maybe 25. He broke the kiss and said, “You want my cock again, don’t you bitch.” What did he mean again? 

“Yes, I need your cock, again" she hissed. "I want you to fuck the shit out of me. Use me as your fucking whore.” 

I knew this was my wife, at least I think I knew. I knew she could get nasty, but I had never seen her like this. He moved back from her and stripped naked. He had a very impressive body. His cock was a little longer than my 7.5 inches and a little thicker. He grabbed her by her hair and pushed her to her knees, her hands and elbows still bound behind her and her pussy still full of a dildo.

As she dropped to her knees, she immediately parted her lips. He took this opportunity to push his cock deep into her mouth. He held her head and began to thrust his cock into her throat. Sarah and I have had a lot of sex, but it has been mutual respect sex, never anything too forceful or dramatic. This guy was fucking her face, with her hands tied behind her, and she loved it. I then realize my cock was rock hard

“You love my cock fucking your throat, don’t you bitch?” he asked her. 

“Ummmmmm” was all she said as she worked his cock with her mouth and tongue. He began to ram into her throat like a man possessed, forcefully fucking her mouth while holding her head tight in his hands. Then, he stopped. 

“I want that hot cunt one more time tonight,” he said. He pushed her over into a doggy position on one of the deck chairs, pulled out the vibrator from her cunt and rammed his cock deep into her bald pussy. 

She groaned and cried out, “Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me.” He grabbed her bound arms and really began to pump hard into her cunt. She was starting to cry out in orgasm. 

“Where do you want it this time, whore,” he asked my wife . Evidently this wasn’t his the first time he had cum in my wife.

Sarah said “Anywhere you want, just give me your hot cum.” 

He pumped a few more times, then he growled and let loose a stream of cum up inside her cunt. Some how he managed to quickly pull out of her cunt, spin her around and plant the remaining sperm from his spurting cock on her face and lips. She could only groan as he wiped his cock all over her face. He pushed his cock into her mouth and had her clean his cum and her juices off his cock. 

“Call me and let me know which night you are coming over,” he said to Sarah. 

“I will, tomorrow, I promise,” she said to him as he dressed. He kissed her on the top of the head, then walked away, leaving her there, on the deck, naked, bound and covered with his cum. 

After he left, I opened the screen door, went to her and helped her up. “I take it you had a great night tonight?” I asked. 

“God, did I” she said. “I think I have been naked all night.” 

“That didn’t take much given what you were wearing to start with” I remarked. Her clothes for the night amounted to a low rise tight short skirt which looked like a 10 inch band of cloth around her hips. On top she wore one of those silver tops that look like a bandana in the front and strings in the back. Open toed shoes and, no panties. The top was thin silk and he nipples were easily seen. She looked like she was wearing a neon sign that said “FUCK ME”.

“Like what you see, honey,” she asked? “I want you to kiss me, baby.” Then our lips met in a hot sensuous kiss

“The last thing I had my mouth on was a cock,” she said as she broke the kiss. As I went to kiss her again, she added “The last thing my tongue tasted was cum”. She moved her tongue into my mouth and made sure I tasted the residue of cum. She plastered her mouth against mine and pushed her tongue deep into my mouth over and over. 

As I pulled my face away from hers, I noticed cum all over her face and neck. I felt a strange urge and started licking her, cleaning the guy’s cum from her face and neck. Damn, this was so fucking hot.

Tonight was the make up night. It was a makeup because 3 weeks before she had convinced her friend Lynn to join us in a three way, sharing our bed for the night. It was incredible. I thought one of them would object. Was I wrong. They both loved it. I never realized how much the 2 of them loved to eat each other. They kissed, fondled and ended up fucking each other with a strap on dildo. My cock was so fucking hard all night. By the time it was over, I had cum in Lynn twice and my wife once. On top of that, all of my cum was consumed by one or the other of these horny ladies. Tonight was her way getting even for my experience of fucking Lynn and watching the two of them get it on all night. She went out to get laid. 

“Undo my cuffs, please, honey” she asked. I noticed the necklace she had on was actually a string and a key. It must have been the key to the handcuffs. I freed her from her bonds and asked her how her night started. 

“Well, with you rubbing my pussy as I walked out the door, I got pretty hot right away. As soon as I walked through the back door of Lynn’s, she gave me a shot of Jack and a joint. After I downed the shot and took a hit, she grabbed me and kissed me full on the lips, right in front of Sheri.” 

Sarah started to massage my cock through my shorts and continued, “Lynn can be so aggressive. I just let her do what she wanted. She reached behind me and grabbed my ass while her tongue went into my mouth. Then she pulled up my skirt in back to show Sheri I had no panties on. Sheri moved behind me, pushing her cunt into Lynn’s knuckles and reaching around to grab my tits. I didn’t know she was bi, too”

“Sheri undid my top and turned me to kiss her. I felt a little conspicuous standing right in front of the patio door, kissing two women with my tits on display at 9 in the evening. But the shot and the hit were kicking in. They didn’t even bother to turn down the lights. I am sure Fred got an eyeful.” 

My cock needed freedom, so I stripped and knelt next to her, letting her jack my shaft as she spoke. 

“I felt Lynn unzip my skirt and slide it off my ass. She pulled me away from Sheri and told me to sit. Lynn must have left and returned because there was this large dildo with a suction cup on the bottom on the corner of the coffee table. It glistened and there was a tube of KY next to it. Lynn positioned me over the dildo and pushed me down on it till it filled my pussy. ‘We want you hot and ready for cock tonight’ she said.”

“Then Lynn started sucking on one of my tits and Sheri on the other. I was naked, on a dildo with my tits being sucked by my 2 girlfriends. I was about to scream in orgasm when they stopped. ‘Enough for you for now’ Sheri said. God, I wanted to cum so bad but they wouldn’t let me. They dressed me again, even though I protested. I wanted them to finish me off”

“I masturbated all the way to the bar, but they stopped me every time I was about to cum. We sat at a table, got some drinks and started looking at the guys there. The first decent guy that came over to us Sheri asked him to feel my new tits and tell us what he thought of them. He sort of touched them a little and then got scared and ran away. It was kind of hilarious”. 

As she talked, she moved closer to me. I could see her tits had hickeys all over them and her pussy lips were swollen and wet, real wet. Just got fucked wet. I couldn’t take my eyes off her pussy and what was obviously male sperm on them.

“Lie on the floor on your back, baby. I want you to sit on your face. I need you to clean me up.” I lie on my back and she moved her pussy directly over my face.

I could see cum in her pussy waiting to drip out. She lowered her dripping cunt to my mouth, she said, “I want you to eat my cunt. I was just fucked at Lynn’s house right before I came over. Lynn and Sherri were sucking on my tits as Ryan fucked me as hard as he could. And you saw him fuck me on the patio. Now, eat his cum”.

So, the guy’s name was Ryan. Lynn and Sheri both knew why my wife was going out. She even announced it when they called to tell her to come over. 

“I am not coming home until I get laid by some hot looking guy”, she said as she walked out the door earlier tonight.

I stuck my tongue out and started licking around her sloppy hole. Her pussy was sensitive after her night on the town. As I was licking, she moaned then continued. “The next guy we talked to was Ryan. He is so cute and such a hunk. Sheri told him to play with my tits like she told the first guy.” 

“He just looked at me and asked, ‘Is that ok with you?’ I told him to go ahead and have fun. They were new boobs and I wanted to see what another man thought of them. Ryan had no problem with the whole thing and started playing with them. After a few minutes, we decided to move to a darker part of the club as we were starting to draw a crowd. Once we got to the back of the club, Ryan really started to work over my tits. God, honey, I almost came as he pinched my nipples.”

“Oh, honey, ummm lick my pussy. Do you like Ryan’s cum? He fucked me twice and came in my mouth once. Ummm.. lick me so good, honey. Lynn licked the other load of cum from my hot pussy, honey. Once Ryan realized I wanted to get laid, he had no problem going back to Lynn’s house. Lynn and I went in his truck and Sheri followed with the car. Lynn undid my top in the parking lot and Ryan started working on my naked tits and nipples. Oh, baby, that’s it, lick his cum up.”

“As I got into the truck, Lynn grabbed my skirt and pulled it off. Here it was just after midnight, and I am totally naked with a man I met just 30 minutes before. Ahhh, honey, lick me. And, he knows he is going to fuck me. Once in the truck, Lynn got her hands on my tits. I put my hands up over my head and spread my legs wide. Before Ryan starts the truck, he and Lynn really gave my body a work out. Ummmm… god, do that with your finger again”

“I put and hand in each of their crotches and started rubbing her clit and his cock. By the time we got to Lynn’s place, I was ready to fuck him. Oh honey, I am going to cum… lick me, god… I looooove it”.

“So what happened when you got back to Lynn’s house later” I asked. 

“Ryan is a really sweet guy, but once he realized I was being submissive, he took over. I was already naked, so he had me strip him. I had to unzip his pants with my teeth. He had Sheri and Lynn strip, and told them to kiss each other, like that was a chore for them. Anyway, he pushed me onto my knees and told me to suck his cock. I started sucking, loving the taste and texture of his cock. Then he just grabbed my head and started fucking my mouth deep. I found I like the feeling and just grabbed my hands behind my back and let him pound away in my mouth. 

Lynn must have seen this, because pretty soon I felt her put the handcuffs on me. Ryan turned me around and told Sheri to get my pussy wet for his cock. He told Lynn to keep his cock ready to fuck me. So, Sheri licked my pussy as Lynn sucked his cock. And, honey, Sheri is good, real good. I was about to cum again, when Ryan said that he was ready. He slammed his cock into my cunt with one big push. Nothing gentle. I really liked it, honey. It was so different than the sex we have, this was so animal.”

“Ryan came in my cunt, honey. And I came hard as he came in me, really hard.” 

I groaned and asked, “I thought you were going to use protection tonight?” 

“I was going to, but I had to have Ryan bareback. I needed to have his bare cock in my pussy. I wanted his cum. I am pretty sure I am safe, I haven’t ovulated this month yet. I should be ok till Tuesday.” 

“We are going to have to talk about this later, baby,” I said. “Then what happened”, I asked. 

“Lynn came over and sucked all the cum from my pussy as Sheri kissed me. Then they switched. Sheri is so good at eating pussy. I came again. Ryan was hard again by this time, and he wanted to cum in my mouth. He wanted my tits sticking out more, so Lynn tied my elbows together. Ryan liked the look and started fucking my mouth again. He told Lynn and Sheri to put hickeys all over my tits. They were only too happy to help out. My tits have been mauled all night, honey.”

“They laid me on my back on the futon, with my head off the end. Ryan knelt next to the bed and fucked my mouth as the girls really worked over my tits. It was kind of uncomfortable on my back with my hands bound behind me, but also really hot. Ryan finally came in my mouth as the girls were shoving the vibrator up my cunt. They decided to leave it there and told Ryan to walk me home. They wanted me to call you to be sure you were up. Lynn held the phone for me and Sheri put the key around my neck. I think you saw the rest.”

I was rock hard and wanted to fuck her brains out. “What’s next,” I asked. 

“Well, that’s up to you mostly,” she answered. “If you want me to stop, I will in a minute. If you want me to continue, I will call Ryan tomorrow and set up another meeting”

“I want you to see him again”, I said. I moved on top of her and sank my cock into her bare pussy. “I want you to fuck him again and again. Any time he wants you. I want you to crave his cock, to lust after him, to be his whore.” All this time I was pounding away at her pussy, driving deep, tying to release the lust I had within me.

“I will honey, I will be his slut. I want his cock again, I want him to fuck me again and again. I will fuck him for you, honey” 

“No, I want you to fuck him for you, I want you to lust after his cock”, I told her. 

“I will, I will, honey. One other thing. He wants you to work on my ass. He wants you to loosen up my asshole so he can fuck it the next time we get together”

I came like I can’t remember when as she said that to me.