 I awoke about 8 Saturday morning. Sarah was still dead to the world asleep. She had been completely fucked out from the night before with Ryan, Lynn and Sherri. I was tempted to wake her up and fuck her again, but I decided to let her sleep. I had to do something, though, as I was wired from all that had happened the night before. 

I decided to keep the standing golf date that I had with my buddies every Saturday. Predictably, I played horribly as all I could think about was Ryan's cock in Sarah's pussy. And I wanted to tell someone about it, but how do you tell your golf buddies your wife got laid the night before and you got to watch it all. Then you ate her cum filled pussy. Better to keep that one to yourself.

After golf, we went to a local sports bar that mainly featured relatively scantily clad women and hot wings. I sat there drinking beer wondering how many of them had done what Sarah and I had done the night before. I had my standard amount of beer and said my goodbyes and left with that thought in my brain.

I was driving home when my cell phone rang. It was Lynn, our next door neighbor with the gorgeous body. "Umm, hi Tom, umm, where are you right now, umm", she said when I answered. Lynn sounded funny, but cell phone reception being what it is, I didn't give it that much thought. My thoughts were about her eating my wife's pussy.

"I'm just coming home from golf. I should be at the house in about 10 minutes. Why? What's up?"

"Umm. OK. Umm. When you get here, can you come over? I need you to help me clean up a little mess I made."

Great. Now I get to go clean up some crap or something. Then again, this Lynn, and she is so fucking hot. "OK, give me about 5 minutes to put my stuff away and I be over. Will that work?"

"Umm. Ohh, yes. Umm. That will be great, see you in 15."

That was a weird conversation, especially the last part. But, the chance to see Lynn again put all that other stuff out of my mind. The fantasy part of my brain was thinking Lynn lounging on her sofa in a hot swimsuit or negligée, waiting to suck me off. The reality part of my brain said she'd be in work shorts and a tee shirt scrubbing the bathroom floor and needing me to unclog the toilet.

When I got home, Sarah was gone. She left a note saying that she was out shopping. I put away my clubs, grabbed a beer and headed over to Lynn's house. As I was heading over, I thought I heard what sounded like one of those monster pick up trucks driving off from in front of her house.

I came up to the back of Lynn's house and onto their deck. There was a note on the sliding glass door that said to just come in. The odd thing about the note, it didn't look like a woman's typically neat handwriting. This was kind of a quick scrawled note on the back of an envelope. 

I entered the house and called out for Lynn. "I'm up here" she said, which sounded like the upstairs. I was right, bathroom cleaning. Uck!!! I continued through the large house and up the stairs. I always admired their home and the stuff inside. Big screen TV, leather chairs and sofa. Very nice house.

I made my way upstairs and hollered again for Lynn. "Down here", came back, indicating their master bedroom. I walked to the door of the bedroom, and stopped dead in my tracks. Absolutely none of my fantasy scenarios had anything remotely close to what I saw. My mind went numb for what seemed like hours, but was probably minutes. I just could not process all of the sexual sights, sounds and smells entering my brain.

There was Lynn, naked, and spread eagle on their king size bed that had been stripped of the top covers. She was tied at her wrists and ankles with a red rope, and she had a pillow under her ass, pushing her pussy up and out. Her blond hair was fanned out over the blue satin sheet in a wild mess.

I continued to stand there staring at her for what seemed like an hour, when she finally said "Are you just going to stand there, or are you going to help me". I took a few more steps into the room and looked a little closer at this sensual goddess.

Her face was covered with cum. Her gorgeous tits were covered with what must have been hickeys. Her pussy was shaved, except for a little tuff of hair, about the size of a quarter, just above her slit. Her pussy lips were red, swollen and her crotch was covered with drying cum.

"Have you been raped?" I asked, thinking I needed to call the police or fire department or someone.

"God no"

"Isn't Tom gone?"

"Yes, he is. For the weekend" she replied.

"Then who did this to you?" I asked.

"Fred Johnson."

Fred Johnson? I knew Fred casually. I had played golf with him a couple of times and had seen him at parties at Tom and Lynn's before. He was about 50, black, 6'3, 240. He was an attorney in town now, but he used to play semi pro football as a tight end. He was a good lawyer, but always seemed to be an easy going guy.

"Fred? He did this to you? Do I need to call the police?"

"Hell no, I need you to eat me, now. I saw you eating Sarah last night. I know you don't mind eating cum. Tom's not here to help me, and I need my cunt eaten. NOW"

As she said this, Lynn rotated her pelvis in a very provocative way, really pushing her pussy out toward me.

"What!!" was my great snappy come back. Pretty smooth, eh?

"Fred has Tom's permission to fuck me anytime the kids aren't here. Any time. Usually Tom watches Fred fuck me, then he eats me after. But, he isn't here, so I need your help." At least this is what I think she said. I was still in sexual overload.

"Oh", another quick line.

"So, strip and eat me. Then you can fuck me anywhere you like when you're done eating me. Anywhere."

I finally realized then what was being offered to me, and started pulling off my clothes. Once naked, I stopped to look at her once more, then dove straight for her pussy and started lapping away. Nothing subtle about this, no gentle caresses to get her started, just my tongue on her cunt lips.

"Yessss" she hissed as she felt my tongue on her lips and clit. "Eat me, lick up Fred's cum".

I licked her pussy till she climaxed in a huge orgasm. Then I went up and kissed her cum covered lips. As I looked at her face for a second, she said "I was sucking Fred's cock as he held the cell phone so I could talk to you. He came all over my face about 5 minutes later and left just about the time you walked in."

I looked at the cum on Lynn's face, stared for a minute and then started licking it up. I licked up some cum, then kissed Lynn deeply. Then, I did it again. After about the forth time, I had clean most of the cum from Lynn's face, though there still was some in her hair. Lynn had another orgasm or eight as I was eating her.

"OK, you held up your end of the bargain. How do you want to fuck me".

I hadn't thought about it since I came in, but the first thing that came to mind was fucking her beautiful face that I had been fantasizing about for years.

"In your mouth".

"Do it, get your hard cock in my mouth. Fuck my face".

I moved up to straddle her chest, and pushed my cock toward her lips. Since she was tied up, and evidently liked it, I smacked her cheek with my cock. She moaned as I fucked her mouth hard. I moaned as I fucked her mouth hard. Gawd, what a gorgeous woman she was. I pumped her mouth for about 5 minutes, and stopped. Not that I didn't want to cum in her mouth, I thought that if this was my only chance to be with Lynn, I wanted to fuck her pussy.

I pulled out of her mouth with a loud smacking sound, and slide my cock between her tits, and down her tummy to her open pussy. Damn, this woman was hot. I untied her legs and put them up on my shoulders. I caressed her calves and thighs and kissed her ankles as I rubbed my hands over her legs.

"Put your cock in my cunt. I want you to fuck me hard" was her reply to my touches and kisses.

I slide my cock up and down her already well fucked pussy lips and got ready to push deep into her hot body. I looked deep into her eyes and thrust forward with on hard, deep push. I was balls deep into the sexiest woman I have met, well, maybe besides my wife.

I stopped with my cock deep in her body, savoring the feeling her body. Then the slow fucking began. Deep thrusts in and out of her hot body over and over. I was getting into it, when I heard my wife at the door.

"So, you slut, you did manage to get my husband to fuck you. Just like you said you would." 

Sarah was standing by the door in a little jersey jump dress. A tube top type of thing with a really short skirt that made her look so hot. I stopped fucking Lynn, as I was pretty sure my marriage was in for a rocky moment.

"I needed to be eaten. You know I always need to be eaten after fucking Fred"

My wife knew about this Lynn and Fred thing?

My wife didn't say anything, she just walked over to the bed, pulled up her skirt (no panties), climbed on the bed and sat on Lynn's face. 

"Make yourself useful, you slut" she said to Lynn. "Are you going to fuck her or not?" she said to me.

I started fucking Lynn again, slowly, then building as I could see Sarah was really in to Lynn's tongue. I leaned forward and kissed my wife as we both used Lynn for our pleasure.

"I have a date tonight" said Sarah. "Not really a date, I am meeting Ryan to fuck him. I am staying the night, and he is going to fuck me all night long. I might let him fuck my ass tonight, too"

I groaned as she said this, and fucked Lynn even harder. I knew I was going to cum soon, and I really didn't want to hold back.

"What do you think I should wear tonight. We all know I am going to see him to fuck, maybe I shouldn't wear anything at all. Or, maybe I should wear the little dress I just bought. I can't wear any thing under it, or it will show"

Another groan and then I exploded into Lynn's hot pussy. God was she hot. Either one of them. I pumped a string after string of cum into Lynn's hot body.

I rolled off of Lynn, and Sarah dropped her head to Lynn's pussy and ate my cum from her friend's hot pussy. I groaned again watching my wife with a woman for the first time.

As I gazed at the girls eating each other, I wondered what else would happen this weekend.