 This is a true story. At least it's the way I remember it.

John and I had known each other since high school. He was a tall, dark, athletic and an extremely handsome "lady-killer". I never had a problem getting dates, but it was usually because I was John's best friend. Getting laid was a little harder, but sometimes the promise of a date with John would do the trick.

John went to college on a football scholarship despite his barely passing grades. I had the grades and attended a more academically oriented school about four hundred miles away. One weekend during my Junior year I drove down to attend a game John was playing. Afterwards, we ended up at an off-campus bar where the team congregated. 

Shortly after we had entered, Debbie, a gorgeous dark haired girl, ran up to John and gave him a big hug. She congratulated him on the great game and then introduced her friend Susan, a cute blond who was visiting for the weekend. John introduced me and we were a foursome for the evening.

We bounced from party to party drinking, dancing and mixing with the crowd. Debbie was all over John, kissing him aggressively and rubbing up against him. Susan and I kissed a few times, but it was tame. In fact, it appeared to me she had the hots for John the way she stared at him. I was the consolation prize, just like high school.

About midnight John suggested we go somewhere more private. Since Debbie lived at home and John was in the football dorm, the cheap motel where I was staying seemed perfect. Debbie followed us to the "Interstate Inn", but around campus it was usually referred to as the "Intercourse Inn". 

We sat facing each other on the edge of the two double beds drinking from a six-pack. John told some really dirty jokes that made Debbie laugh and giggle. She shamelessly rubbed her hands over him suggestively and kissed his ear and neck. Susan chuckled nervously and rubbed her hands together in her lap.

Debbie finally attacked, pushing John back on the bed. She climbed on top of him, kissing him recklessly and grinding her pussy shamelessly against him. John's hands were all over her tits and ass. Debbie rubbed her hand over the growing bulge in his pants. She pulled down his zipper and freed his hard cock. Moments later the swollen knob of his shaft slipped between her lips.

Susan was fidgeting and trying to avoid looking at the X-rated show unfolding in front of us. I put my arm around her and kissed her. This time she kissed me back, opening her mouth to let me know I was welcome. We fell back onto the bed. I'm not sure whether it was to divert her eyes or because she was horny from watching. I didn't really care.

It was impossible to pretend they weren't there. John was very vocal and kept yelling out at her to "suck it" and "deeper" and "oh fuck". Her loud slurping sounds made it pretty obvious that she was doing just that. I rolled over on top of Susan who continued to tongue kiss with me while I wedged a leg between hers.

My hand moved over her generously proportioned tit and squeezed it gently. Susan didn't resist, so I slipped my fingers under her top and into her bra. While I tweaked her nipple we heard snaps and zippers and the rustling of clothes on the other bed. This was followed by a loud and satisfying moan from Debbie, which could only mean that John's cock had just slipped into her pussy.

Susan let me press my fingers against her pussy through her jeans. I unsnapped them and pulled down the zipper, but when I tried to jam my hand into her panties, she drew the line. Rather than persist, I rolled over and pulled Susan on top of me with our legs intertwined. I unsnapped her bra and pushed up her top, then moved my mouth to her nipple and sucked on it.

On the next bed the moans were getting louder. The bed slammed repeatedly into the wall. Debbie was screaming at him and shouting. 

"Fuck me... fuck me with your cock... harder... aaaahhhhh... oh fuck yes... make me cum... uuunnnggghhh..." 

I slipped my hand into the back of Susan's jeans and squeezed the creamy cheeks of her ass. I tried to remove her jeans and panties and actually had them down over her ass when she pulled away and rolled onto her back, pulling her panties back in place.

"I'm not going to let you fuck me. Not in front of them."

I looked over at Debbie riding John's cock from on top while he squeezed her naked tits and pinched her nipples. She was screaming even louder, and filth continued to pour from her mouth. I wanted to tell Susan that it didn't look like they were too concerned about what were did and didn't do, but I decided to play her game.

"I understand. I won't do anything you don't want," I replied in a convincing tone, "But we can fool around a little, can't we?"

She actually smiled at my comment. We kissed again. After a while my hand traveled south and slipped under her panties. This time she did not resist. My fingers moved across the soft curls and over her swollen mound until they reached paradise. I slipped my middle finger between her juicy folds and rubbed the tip up and down her slit. 

Susan surprised me when she said, "Let's get under the covers."

She pulled off her jeans and slipped into the sheets, so I took off mine as well and joined her. I glanced over at John who was pounding into Debbie from behind while she held onto the head board. Her tits jiggled freely as they hung from her chest. She was screaming and cussing up a storm.

"Fuck me John... harder... cum in my cunt... I want to feel your cum squirting in my pussy... oh fuck... yes... yes..."

This time our bodies melded together. Susan had removed her bra but still had on her top and panties. I was wearing a pair of boxers. I slipped two fingers into her pussy and began to finger fuck her while rubbing her clit with my thumb. Susan reached down and wrapped her fingers around my cock. That's when we heard John bellow.

"Oh fuck... oh fuck... AAAAARRRRHGGGGHHHHH..."

He pumped his thick hot cum into Debbie's waiting cunt while she was in the throes of her fifth or sixth orgasm. I snuck a peek with my fingers still in Susan and watched them finally collapse back onto the bed. Debbie scrambled to her knees and sucked John's dripping cock into her mouth, licking it clean of cum and cunt juice. He drained the last beer. The two of them got up and dressed.

"You two lovebirds stay here while we go and get some more beer. Don't worry, we'll take our time so you can take care of any unfinished business."

Susan and I picked up where we had left off. I got her panties and top off and shed my boxers. We were both naked. She pumped my cock with her hand while I fingered her very wet pussy. I applied pressure to the back of her neck. After some initial resistance, I felt her slide down my body and take me between her lips.

She turned so that I could continue to finger her pussy and rub her clit as she worked my cock over with her lips and tongue. Her hand pumped my shaft while she concentrated her mouth on the swollen knob. She rubbed my scrotum with her other hand in an attempt to get me off quickly. It was about to work, but I wanted to fuck her.

I pulled away and pushed her onto her back, then climbed on top of her naked body. My lips mashed down hard against hers and my tongue shot into her mouth. I wedged her legs apart and rubbed the knob of my cock up and down her slit searching for the opening to her fuck hole. Susan pushed me away and rolled over onto her stomach.

"No. I told you that I wasn't going to let you fuck me. I was going to make you feel good but now you had to go and ruin it."

"You said not with them here. I didn't mean to upset you. I'm sorry. I told you I wouldn't do anything you didn't want."

I climbed onto her back with my cock wedged between her ass cheeks. I kissed the back of her neck and around the side before moving up to her ear and pushing my tongue inside. I must have hit a button because I felt her relax.

"It's just that you really turn me on and ... well, it's kind of hard to hold back after listening to the two of them. Can't we fool around some more? You just tell me when to stop."

She turned her head and smiled. Our lips met. I began to slowly move my cock up and down her crevice. She moved her legs apart. My hands moved under her body and cupped her tits. Our kiss became more passionate. The tip of my cock slipped down between her legs. I rubbed its length back and forth between her juice folds.

"Oh god... you feel so good. I want to be inside you so badly. Just one time and I'll pull right out. I promise. Please."

"No... no we shouldn't," she whispered but didn't move away.

In my book "we shouldn't" and "no" were two very different words. The head of my cock slipped between the moist folds of her pussy until it lodged at her entrance. I slowly fucked the head against her juicy opening being careful not to go deeper.

"I need to be inside you, Susan. Just once. I'm going to push it in and hold it there. That's not fucking. Not unless we start moving. I won't do that unless you tell me its okay."

Susan didn't reply and made no attempt to move away. I took that as her consent and pushed. My cock slid deeper and deeper into her boiling cunt until it was completely buried. I held it there without moving. Her pussy walls pressed tightly against my swollen tool enveloping me in a blanket of warm and wet bliss. I could feel her muscles twitch against me. She made no attempt to pull away.

"I'm going to move a little bit. Just a little, okay?"

I pulled out about an inch and pushed back in, then again and again. I began to lengthen my stroke to two and three and four inches. When Susan tilted her ass back to meet my thrusts I took that as a signal that she didn't want me to stop. Soon we were fucking in a regular rhythm. My hands continued to squeeze her tits and pinch her nipples.

I'm not sure why neither of us heard the door open, but I suspect it was because John had planned a sneak attack to catch us in the act. We were too busy fucking and making the bed squeak to notice. Susan was up on her knees now but still had her face plastered to the pillow. Her whole body jerked forward on each thrust.

"Fuck her man... plow that big cock up her cunt... make her scream. Look at them fuck, Deb. Holy shit!"

Susan wasn't ready to fuck for an audience. She quickly pulled away from my cock and dragged the sheet over her body to hide her nakedness. I scowled at John before heading to the bathroom to take a piss. My cock was still hard so I had to lean over to let it flow. I didn't notice Debbie follow me into the bathroom.

"Can I help?"

She pressed up behind me and grabbed at my cock. After getting over the initial shock of her presence, I took my hand away and let her aim the flow. She moved it around and giggled as piss hit the wall before she got it properly focused in the toilet bowl. I made her shake it a few times to expel the last few drops. She bit her lower lip and let out a muffled laugh.

"I gotta go too. Wanna watsh?" 

Debbie had been doing more than drinking beer. She was out of it and could hardly talk. She pushed down her jeans and panties. Speckles of cum stuck to her pussy hair. The crotch of her panties was a big gooey mess. Debbie lowered the toilet seat and sat down facing me. With her legs spread wide, she looked down at her pussy. A trickle dripped out and then another. 

Debbie giggled and looked up at me. Then a steady stream of yellow liquid shot from her pussy into the toilet. I should have been grossed out but I was mesmerized and my cock was throbbing. Her flow finally tapered off to a trickle and then a few final spurts. She wiped herself, and then looked up at me.

"Ooooohhh my... you shtil hava biiiig pro-lem. Cumere."

Her words were slurred. Debbie reached out and grabbed my cock. She leaned forward and pulled me closer until she was able to get her lips around the swollen tip. I grabbed her head and pushed deeper into her mouth. She swirled her tongue around my shaft and bobbed her head up and down while rubbing my balls with her hand. She finally pulled my cock from her mouth.

"I kin tase Sue's pussy. Mmmmmmmmm... I luv pussy awmos as much ash cock."

She put me back in her mouth and continued to suck me aggressively. She was making loud slurping sounds and bobbing her head up and down faster and faster while stroking me with her hand. I was getting real close and felt like I was about to explode. That's when she popped me from her mouth and stood up with her jeans and panties around her ankles. She giggled as she threw her arms around my neck.

"Wanna fuck? I'll letcha fuck me. John's gonna fuck Sue, ya know."

She giggled some more and then pressed her lips against mine. She almost fell over with her jeans around her ankles, but Debbie finally worked a foot out of her shoe and freed a leg. With her hand was wrapped around my cock we continued to kiss. We staggered over against the counter of the sink. She was guiding my cock to her pussy when we heard the noises from the other room. Sue was moaning loudly and the bed was squeaking.

"I tol ya he was gonna fuck 'er. Les watch."

Debbie kicked off her other shoe and shook the jeans from her leg until she was naked from the waist down. She opened the door. Susan was on top of John riding his cock, leaning back and squeezing her own tits with her eyes closed. He was pounding his meat up into her body shaking the bed on each thrust. Her moans were not loud, but they were real. She was getting fucked good and enjoying every second.

Debbie didn't miss a beat. She marched over and kissed John on the lips before trailing them down his chest and stomach until her lips and tongue were teasing Susan's pussy and John's cock. She was bent at the waist, and I couldn't resist the heavenly sight of her pussy hanging majestically between her legs just below her perfect ass.

I stepped up behind her, rubbed my cock up and down her juicy slit and pushed. My cock was slowly enveloped by the juicy walls of her hot cunt. I slid deep inside her and stayed there for a few seconds to enjoy the heavenly bliss. I fucked her slowly, driving my cock deep into her body on each thrust and holding it before pulling back.

Debbie pulled John's dripping meat from Susan's pussy and licked it clean. She flicked her tongue across Susan's clit and sucked on her pussy before shoving John's cock back up her cunt. I continued to slowly fuck Debbie as I watched the show. She repeated this same procedure several more times. 

Cum was churning in my balls. I wasn't going to last much longer. The whole scene was incredibly erotic, almost as if it were scripted for a movie. I still don't know what made me do it, but it just seemed to fit the script. I pulled my cock from Debbie and got on the bed, standing with my feet on each side of John. My cock was even with Susan's face.

Susan was so focused on the cock stuffed up her cunt that she hardly noticed when my juicy meat brushed across her lips. She opened her mouth and let me slide inside, and seemed to enjoy the taste of Debbie's pussy on my shaft as I fucked her face. She now had two cocks in her body and her best friend eating her cunt.

I couldn't hold back any longer. My head was spinning out of control. My cock swelled. Cum surged through its length and exploded into Susan's mouth. I held her head in my hands and erupted again and again until hot cream was drooling from her lips and chin onto her tits. Several gobs of cum also splattered onto Debbie's face below. I finally pulled my spent cock from her mouth and climbed off the bed.

Debbie didn't miss a beat. She scrambled up onto her knees and licked the fresh cum from Susan's body, moving up until their lips met. I watched the two girls tongue kissing and sharing a load of cum. As they were kissing, John grunted and filled Susan's waiting pussy with hot cream. 

Debbie lowered her face, pulled John's dripping cock from Susan's pussy and sucked it clean of cum and cunt juice. Then she pushed Susan back on the bed and clamped her lips around her cum filled pussy. Moments later Sue's body stiffened and bucked up into Deb's mouth. She screamed with a powerful orgasm that must have been building for quite some time. Debbie continued to drink from her gushing well.

Deb climbed on top of Sue. Their lips met in a passionate kiss. John and I watched the two girls share the fruits of passion. Debbie swung her body around in a sixty-nine position, straddled Susan's face and lowered her dripping pussy to her mouth. The two girls licked and sucked each other for several minutes until Debbie screamed and cunt juice poured into Susan's mouth. 

John and I applauded loudly, which must have brought Susan back to reality. She quickly scrambled out from under Debbie, grabbed her clothes, disappeared into the bathroom and turned on the shower. John and I were both hard and ready for more action, but we were down to one girl between us. 

Fortunately Debbie had a solution. She quickly scrambled over to John and sucked his cock into her mouth. She was on her knees with her ass up in the air and her dripping pussy hanging like a fruit between her thighs. I slid in behind her and was soon buried deep in her cunt. Debbie pulled her mouth from John's cock and looked back at me.

"In the ass. Fuck me in the ass."

It was a first for me. My cock had never traveled up anyone's back door, but I was more than ready for the journey. I wasn't quite sure exactly what to do or if lubrication was needed, so I drooled spit down between her cheeks and rubbed it into her tight opening with my thumb. My thumb pushed inside her. I twisted it around trying to open her wider for my much bigger cock.

My swollen shaft was dripping with cunt juice when I pulled it from her pussy. I placed the tip against her tight sphincter and pushed. I could feel her opening slowly give in to the pressure until suddenly the tip of my cock punched through and slid into her asshole. I drooled more spit down her crack while I slowly worked my hard meat deeper and deeper into her dark passage.

Debbie easily accommodated my girth and soon I was fucking her ass harder and faster and deeper. It was tight, and the pressure on my cock sent surges of pleasure rippling through my body. Debbie continued to suck on John's cock, but with her free hand she reached between her legs and rubbed her pussy and clit. She finally came up for air.

"Fuck me John. I wanna a cock in my pussy an one in my ass."

John slid down on the bed. Debbie grabbed his cock and guided it between the folds of her dripping cunt. She sank down on his length as he pushed up into her. I remained buried deep up her ass and could feel the pressure of his swollen meat pushing into her body until she was completely stuffed full with two cocks at the same time.

It took us a few tries until we worked out a rhythm. We picked up the pace until we were pounding her body in perfect harmonization. Her screams and the filth that poured from her mouth were testimony to the ride she was experiencing.

"Oh fuck... oh fuck... oh my god... uuuuuhhhhhhhh... fuck me... harder... uuuunnnggghhhh... yes... fuck me..."

My hands moved around to her tits. I squeezed the soft mounds firmly in my fingers before pinching and pulling on her hard nipples. Her body tensed and she exploded with the first of several orgasms that seemed to come in a series of ripples. Her screams were out of control.

It was all too much for me. Once again I could feel a powerful pressure building in my loins. My balls shrunk and my cock swelled in her tight opening. I drove my cock deep into her body and let out a roar. Rivers of cum poured into her waiting asshole. I continued to pump my cock in and out of her body until I was finally drained.

I stayed inside her while John pounded his cock up her cunt. I could hear him getting closer and closer. By this time Debbie was so exhausted that she merely whimpered. John thrust up into her hard, groaned and pumped her pussy full of cum. I was pulling out my cock when the bathroom door opened. 
