 We find ourselves out together one evening and find a quaint little bar to have a few drinks. After a round or two things are getting a bit more loose and relaxed. We can unwind and be more open and natural towards each other. 

You are wearing a blue denim skirt with a white sleeveless blouse. I'm wearing some baggy cargo shorts and a polo shirt. My hand makes its way to your inner thigh under the table, feeling the warmth emanating from between your legs. It's not long before you lean over and whisper in my ear "I want you, let's go somewhere." 

We pay our tab and head across the outdoor patio to the sidewalk and take the long way back to the vehicle. Along the way we pass a few more bars, shops and clubs but one particular club stood out to us. As it was discreetly marked, it turns out to be a strip club. We look at each other and decide this is a perfect place to have an adventure this night. 

We make our way into the dimly light club where there is a haze distorting some of the neon lighting inside. There seems to be a fog machine making the haze as this is a non-smoking establishment. There are only two other patrons in the place this evening but the music is playing so enticingly well that we pull up a table next to the stage, but tucked into a corner. The song changes and a dancer makes her way to the stage to perform her set. 

She is a cute little blonde with thick hips and a full breast size and begins slowly gyrating on the stage as she dances and spins around the brass pole in the center of the stage. I look at you as you look at me and you pull me into a passionate kiss as our tongues swirl. We break off our kiss to watch this beauty dance for us on the stage. She moves so graceful and smooth as if she's had formal dance training in her past. 

We notice the other patrons have gotten up to leave which now leaves us alone in the place. This allows the dancer to focus on us and she gives her all for us. The bartender is busy cleaning the bar area and our dancer is performing so well for us. 

She makes her way off the stage to come closer to our table. She begins to dance slowly in front of us and loses her top as she lays it across my shoulder. She then turns and bends over in front of me showing her ass, just inches from my hands. You reach across the table and grab my hand and move it closer as she squats just over my lap. She says "No touching baby, but if you and your lady friend would like a private show I can get totally nude in one of the private rooms in the back." 

My heart is in my throat as you lean over to her and tell her to lead the way. Through the bar to the back we find ourselves in a small but comfortable room with a door and a single lamp lighting a corner of the room. We sit on a couch as she tells us to be comfortable, that it's a slow night and she'll take her time. 

We sit next to each other and she begins to slowly dance, first in front of me but makes her way to you, at this point she has gotten totally nude and bends over in front of you, exposing her bare pussy and ass to you. "Now, you can touch me" she says. You comply by placing your hands on her ass cheeks as she gyrates her hips to the music. She asks you to scoot down a bit as she moves back further into you. Her ass is now poised over your chest and she stops and turns to you. "You wouldn't want to mess up that blouse, perhaps you should take it off. Oh, and your bra also." You do as told and now your tits are exposed to her and I watch as your nipples grow taut. She leans into you as your tits touch and I see you give a soft sigh. She kisses your neck and moves down further over your nipples taking each one into her warm mouth. 

She then reaches over and strokes my hard, erect cock through my shorts and tells me to remove them. My cock is now at full attention as she turns and moves her ass within inches of your face. She asks you if you'd like to have a taste. You stick out your tongue and she buries her ass onto your face. She has gotten so wet and the taste is incredible. You lick her until she pulls away abruptly and you lean over to me to kiss me with her sweetness on your tongue. 

She moves over to me and squats over my cock and looks at you, with a wink she plunges directly onto my cock and I feel her wet pussy engulf my entire length. She gently moves up and down a few times before standing up. You take this as a cue to lick her off my cock. She then reaches toward you and removes your skirt and panties. So there we are, all three naked to each other as she pushes you back onto the couch and leans in to spread your legs. 

She kneels and kisses and licks her way up from your right knee and reaches the magic spot and flicks your clit with her tongue. You arch your back and your hands clasp her head as she licks deeply causing you to orgasm rather quickly. I stand and move my way around her and position my cock towards her awaiting pussy. I slowly enter her as a moan escapes her lips as she is tasting you. With all this teasing I am not going to last as you and I look into each other's eyes. You can tell I'm getting close as our new friend finishes you with a squirting orgasm by using her fingers.

I am going to cum and you both move into position in front of me and take turns just licking my cock. It's not long before I let loose multiple pumps and streams of cum covering your chin and neck and landing on her tits. We collapse for a few minutes before straightening up and getting dressed. Before we leave the room our private dancer thanks us and tells us she'd like to see more of us...together.