 It started innocently enough, just me buying a ticket to see an action movie that was based on Greek mythology. I know it's weird that a chick like me would be into such a genre as Greek Gods, but it takes me back to my childhood when my dad would read me the tales of Athena, and Hercules. My favorite is Jason and the argonaughts. It reminds me that no matter how bad life can be that there is always hope. 

So I have my ticket and I'm walking to the concession stand to purchase my treats for the show. As I'm waiting in line I notice a young couple standing near me and off to my left. Both must have been in college due to the fact that they were wearing sweatshirts representing the local college here in town. I heard her complaining that she didn't want to see this movie due its violence and how boring it would be. I took them in for a few minutes. She was striking with shoulder length hair that was an auburn color and very wavy. She was smaller than most girls but seemed to be in shape. Her eyes were an ocean blue, and her skin was touched by color from tanning. Her jeans clung to her lower form which would have made any man look at least once. In fact I caught a few doing just that. 

He was good looking as well. His hair was cut close with a chin strap beard that was neatly groomed. He almost towered over her and was very broad. He must have been an athlete. He had many admirers but seemed to pay no attention. He was busy looking over the snack board, and ignoring her pained cries of being drug to this movie. I quickly glanced away after realizing I had been staring a little too long, as she caught my eye.

I saw the clerk was ready for me out of the corner of my eye, so I swung my red curls over my shoulder with a flick of my head, and walked forward. The teenage boy in front of me must have thought I was quite pretty for her gulped as he got ready to take my order. I will admit that while I have flaws with my body, I try to maintain as nice of a body as I can. God blessed me with some attributes that I try to make shine. I have naturally pale skin, nice freckles, a decent sized bust and a butt you may be able to bounce a quarter off of. I don't mean to sound like bragging, just being honest. 

After ordering my popcorn and soda (I mean what's a movie without hot popcorn and a cold soda), I walked past my new admirers towards the theatre my movie was playing. I walked up to the third to last row and started to get settled in. I took off my brown jacket hoping I wouldn't spill on my cream sweater. My jeans, I realized a little belatedly, were a little tight for just watching a movie. No real problem, just a little uncomfortable. Maybe I would unbutton them in the dark when no one would see.  

So as I'm just getting comfortable I see the couple from the concession line come in. He wanted to sit a little closer to the screen as he nodded toward one of the middle rows, but she indicated she wanted to sit a little higher as she pointed to seats near mine. Now the theatre had very few people in it, so it really surprised me when they walked up to my row and ask to slide by. I got up briefly and allowed them to slide by. I let a small smile cross my lips as they walked past me. He smelled of an icy aftershave that was intoxicating. When she slid by her eyes locked on to mine, and she grazed my leg with hers. I thought nothing of it at first, but as she went past she turned back to look at me again. I was still a little flattered as they moved down about five seats and started to make camp for themselves. 

I turned back to my popcorn and got ready for the previews to start. Before they began I took a quick survey of my surroundings. They were only about another ten people in the theatre and none of them were behind us. There were a couple of older people near the middle of the rows and then there were a bunch of singles all kind of scattered throughout the rest of the place. The music started to fade as did the lights, but at the last second I looked over to see the young lady looking across her boyfriend at me. I was a little startled to notice her but I couldn't ignore the flutter that had shown up in my stomach. I really wasn't sure what I was feeling, but I knew this movie was going to be good. 

It began with some really exciting action sequences that lead into a moving portrait that most Greek myth films have of a young man losing his family and starting a quest on his own. I looked over at my new friends and saw they were holding hands. She was clearly not enjoying this film. I went back to watching. The story kind of wove through the Gods and their dealing in mortals wars. Ares was confronting a mythically monster, and was about to send it on a mission of death. I looked over again and she was still pouting. 

After about twenty minutes there was a very hot love scene in which a servant girl offered herself to our hero. She was stunning and the scene would have gotten anyone's blood going. I shifted to take a drink of my soda and looked over at my friends with a sideways glance. She had her hand on his leg and her lips her firmly planted on his neck. I was aroused and yet uncomfortable. I looked away trying to regain my composure and finish the movie. 

As the movie progressed I heard a very faint metallic sound. They couldn't really be doing what I think they could they? I peeked over again. Sure enough she had opened up his pants and was touching him. I couldn't believe that this was happening a mere twenty feet from me, and here was this couple having foreplay. I didn't really know what to do at this point. Part of me wanted to change seats, but another part of me wanted to see what was going to happen next. 

Needless to say I didn't' move, no I couldn't move. I tried watching the film some more but kept creeping looks at my new friends. Then the unthinkable happened, she pulled out his little friend. Not that he was little. It wasn't the biggest one I had seen, but he was packing heat. I felt flush, and knew I should move. I had turned my head for a second, and then looked back only to see her head in his lap. I watched as she slowly kissed his cock. I looked at him, and he seemed totally unfazed. She on the other hand was clearly enjoying this. Her tongue came out and lightly licked him. Soon her lips started to pull around him. She lifted her head up and started to lick his tip. Her tongue looked so soft and loving as she did it. I watched as she slowly lowered her mouth on to him taking him in inches at a time. I felt the heat rise in my body. I watched her suck on him; take him in to her mouth. I ached to feel this kind of excitement. 

Then her eyes shot up to meet mine. I was horrified. I had just been caught watching this very intimate thing happening. I was ashamed and embarrassed. I grabbed my coat to leave, when she brought up her finger and called me over sighlently. I was paralyzed. I didn't know what to do.i should leave. I know I should. On the other hand how often does this happen? The movie was forgotten.

I got down on my knees and crawled over to them as to not make a scene. She touched my cheek as she kept bobbing. I was surprised at myself for even thinking of doing this, let alone actually doing this. She removed her mouth from him, and then it seemed we had his attention. He looked at me, then at her, back to me. He then motioned for someone to keep working him over. I guess he wanted hat to be me. I slid my hand up his leg to touch his hot member. I t felt like his desire was solely contained in this part of him. I rose up a little bit to begin working n him myself when I was surprised to have my lips taken by her. Her kiss was soft and sweet. She tasted great and her tongue was as soft as I thought it would be. Almost like a silk covered flower petal. The kiss lasted for what seemed like an hour. Only after I felt her hand slide up my sweater to my stomach, did I remember that I had this hunk of meat in my hand. She took my willingness to allow her hand the as acceptance to explore my body. I soon looked at the young guy again and maintain eye contact with him as I lowered my mouth on to him. He was quite hard and tasty of her lip gloss and salt. It was intoxicating to have this rock hard velvet glove in my mouth. I started slowly savoring every aspect of his warm member.

As I was sucking on him, I felt her hands moving around on me. Her soft touches began on my stomach. She lightly moved her hand over my abdomen almost as butterfly kisses. I felt her warm lips on m y neck just as her hand found my breast. A moan escaped me from out of nowhere. She ignited a fire in me that I would not soon forget. She pulled my bra cup down and her elegant fingers deftly found my nipple. I was in heaven with her touch. 

My oral assault on her boyfriend was starting wear him down. His hips kept moving and his breathing was becoming rapid. I could feel the inevitable about to occur. I welcomed his seed by readjusting my angle to that I could take him in my throat. I quickened my pace and used my hand to jack him as well. A few seconds later I was rewarded with the first spurt of his hot seed. The salty bleach taste hit me; I reveled in the accomplishment of getting this stud to explode.

After I swallowed him I was met by a passionate kiss from her. My bra had become loose as I realized she must have undone it at some point. I took my hands off of him and grabbed her for the first time. She felt firm and I couldn't wait to get my hands on her flesh. I quickly slid my hands up the back of her sweatshirt, as she unbuttoned me. At the moment I had released the bra clasp, my zipper was down and her hand had found my now very wet love patch. She was as gentle with me down there as she had been with my breast. As I began my exploration of her body, her head dipped down and nibbled me through my sweater. I wanted to feel her mouth on me, so I lifted my sweater with my other hand as I found her breast for the first time. I was surprised at how big she was, and how well her shirt hid this fact. 

Her mouth was like honey on my breast, I was a blaze with her finger in my patch. She had me almost to the point of climax when she pulled her hand out of my pants and began to work them off my hips. I fell back and assisted in helping her remove them in the cramped confines of the ally way. The second they were off my legs she had her hand back in me. I bit down on my fingers to keep from crying out. I looked up at him as he was trying to get himself hard again. She looked at me and winked as she bent down to lap at my womanhood. Her kiss was soft and hot at the same time. I burned and ached for her. She tongue expertly sought out the sensitive areas of me. She sucked on my lips and flicked my clit, she was a pro. In what seemed like no time she had me coming to a mind blowing orgasium. 

After coming back to reality, I looked up at my lover. I needed to taste her as much as she needed to taste me. I sat up a little and began the process of undoing her. She slid back a ways and we passed in front of hunky. He watched with great interest as I slid her pants down to gain access to her innermost sweetness. I slid her shirt up just enough to uncover those beautiful globes that had been hidden away. With a hunger I had not felt in so long, I devoured her breasts. They were soft and warm. Her nipples immediately became little hard nubs. I nibbled on them, and felt her squirm with pleasure. I worked my way down her soft, yet firm abdomen until I got to her inner hips. I bit at the bone a little, kissed my way around her delicate parts until I felt her whimper with excitement. I grazed my hand through her small patch of hair as I split her open. My tongue found her clit almost immediately and she let out a small yelp. Hunky quickly put a tissue to his nose to make it seem like he had just sneezed. 

I licked her and slid a finger, then two into her molten box. I quickly found what I was looking for as my finger crooked and found the spongy texture of her g spot. I quickened my lapping and she quickened her breathing. I soon felt hand s on my uplifted rear. I knew what to expect but was still strangely not ready for the feel of a hard cockhead poking at me. I was soaked and it didn't take long for him to slide into me. I gasped at the feeling of him filling me, and tried to keep concentrating on her.

I found that my multi tasking would be short lived as she thrashed and bit her sweatshirt neck. Her orgasium came in waves, and they went crashing through her. The rhythm behind me picked up as I felt his strong hands firmly entwining them in my hair and pulling my head back. After a few moments of this, he slid them around to grab my hips to help him go deeper and faster. She kind of did this sideways spin to position her head under us. Soon she reached up and I found her mouth sucking on my clit again. It was almost too much to take. I came in just a few seconds of this. 

He kept pounding away at my moist nest. I leaned over and kissed her belly, and she slid down a little so I could suck on her nipples as he kept going to town. His finger found my upper hole and he slowly pushed it in. the nerves were jumping and I came again this time moaning into her breast. I felt her begin to suck on my nipples again. I would let her and that soft mouth suck on me all night. He kept going on trying to get deeper and deeper. I felt him tense and knew the end was near. He tried to plant his seed in me, but I slid forward enough that he popped out, and then backed up so that I could take his load on my back. He aimed for my ass and landed it neatly next to my wrinkled hole. We quickly and quietly as we could began to gather up our belongings. 

We sandwiched hunky and basked it was to be the most memorable movie experience I have ever had. I just hope that they remember me as fondly as I remember them.