 Some of you more loyal Savannah readers have probably realized that there have been two different Savannah DuBois story lines running. One involves the "Mystery Guy" and the other, "Dan the Man". I should clarify that they really have nothing to do with each other (which is obvious since the way in which Savannah loses her virginity in each story line is uniquely different. The "Dan" stories are solely a tribute to a friend, to remain unnamed (Dan!), and are entirely for the entertainment of my fiendish self; though I hope you have enjoyed both.



Turk's Bar & Grill
Florida Keys

"She was a real looker, huh?"

Archie stubbed out his Cuban and reached for his mojito. His blue eyes danced wickedly as he took in his friend's appearance. Generally speaking, Dan was always dressed neatly and conservatively, which was at complete odds with his sexual appetite. But not tonight. No, tonight his friend had a very unkempt and neglected air about him.

It was only 4 pm but already dark stubble shadowed his upper lip and chin. His faded jeans had unusually colored stains marking the inseam; his white cotton shirt was similarly marked. And his hair, well; let's just say there wasn't enough hair products in the world to affect that kind of spiking. Eyes? Bloodshot. Mouth? Swollen and chapped. Hands? Ligature marks creased his wrists. All in all, Dan presented the picture of a man well used and, well...used. Definitely used.

Dan rubbed his hands over his dissipated features and chuckled hoarsely.

"I tell ya, Archie; it wasn't even that she was hot lookin', though she is for sure one of the hottest women I've ever...met. It's just that she, well dammit Archie, she's fuckin' wild. Certifiably unhinged. Well, in the most wonderfully sinful way, that is. There is almost nothin' this girl won't do."

"That so? Well, be a buddy and hook me up. I could use some of that."

"Archie, she'd eat you up and spit you out. Hell, I didn't think I was gonna get out of there with my balls intact this time."

"Uh, this time? Dan. Just, uh, just how many times you been with the woman? And please tell me she's not one of those man-haters who like to give it rough!"

"I'm just sayin', she's wild. All I'm sayin'. Look, maybe I should give ya the history on her and then if you still wanna hook up with her I'll work somethin' out for ya."

"Oh, man, this should be good."

So Dan regaled his friend Archie with the encounters he'd had with Miss Savannah Dubois. Not leaving anything out, he outlined their first time when he'd taken Savannah's virginity. Then followed it up with how she'd taken his 'anal virginity'. He went on to tell Archie of the wild scheme he'd concocted with her friends to get a little revenge, but that Savannah, indomitable and fearless, embraced the experience. And how ever since, it had been a game of one-upmanship. Point, counterpoint.

After Dan finished his story, Archie sat there with a stunned look upon his face. He shook his head a few times, his mind whirling with all he'd heard. With all he'd learned. Taking a deep breath he looked straight at Dan and said, "Okay, I'm in".

Laughingly Dan replied, "You won't regret it. Well, you might, but you'll have a good time anyway." Dan signaled the waiter and generously paid his friend's tab. Exiting the bar they made their way to Archie's car.

Once on the freeway, Archie began asking questions about what she looked like, what her hot buttons were, and asked just how soon Dan could arrange a meeting. 

"Well, Archie let me get cleaned up, make a call; we'll see if she's busy. Something tells me she'll be up for it though. She's feeling pretty "high" after last night. She really worked me over."

"Sounds good bud. I'll even make you a nice steak while you get cleaned up. Least I can do."

Dan looked out at the passing scenery and grinned evilly. Oh, Archie buddy, you have no idea he thought. His friend was about to get the night of his life. Only, this time, it would be Savannah, and Dan the Man, who would have the last laugh on the poor guy. Yes indeed, the night of his life.

Dan's Apartment

Whistling merrily, Archie made two steaks and some baked potatoes and a salad while his good buddy Dan cleaned up. He was just slicing up the last of the tomatoes when Dan, now his usual clean and neat self walked into the kitchen. He walked to the refrigerator and took out some chilled water bottles for them both and put them on the bar.

"Sure you're up for it, Archie? I mean, you're in great shape and all but Savannah could exhaust a decathlete."

"Yeah, man, I can handle her. Didn't I just run that marathon last year? I'm in prime shape."

"Okay, let me make that call."

Dan went into the living room to make his call while Archie plated their food.

"Hey, Savannah. Yeah, yeah, it's all set up." Dan looked over his shoulder to make sure Archie couldn't overhear. "He ate it up....yeah, Archie's not the brightest tool in the box but I hear from his exes I've fucked that he's hung....Don't worry, he doesn't suspect a thing. Right, we'll be there at 9....Haha, yeah, he's a good buddy...but a guy needs humbled every now and then to keep him on his game. Right. See ya." Dan disconnected the call and walked nonchalantly back into the kitchen.

He slapped Archie on the back at the bar, who was already halfway through his steak.

"It's all set, buddy. She said she'd love to meet you. We're expected at 9."

"Sweet! Man, I owe you. Can't wait to show this woman a thing or two."

"No doubt." And Dan just smiled. That smile.

Nine PM, Savannah's Miami Condo

Savannah checked her appearance one final time as the bell pealed. If Dan was to be believed, Archie was not only good looking but also well hung. And an anal virgin. It was always nice to sample fresh meat. She opened the door; her usual sultry smile fixed on her lips, and almost melted. So far, one for two.

"Hello, boys, come in." Savannah gestured towards the foyer and followed them into her sumptuous living room. She settled onto a long couch and patted the spaces on either side of her. "Sit down, get comfortable."

Archie complied readily enough, sitting to her right while Dan sat on her left.

"So, Savannah, I must say, my buddy Dan didn't tell me just how beautiful you really are."

His eyes made a slow perusal, from the top of her carefully arranged blonde hair to her red-painted toenails. Hot, didn't quite cover it.

"Well, I'm sure Dan gave it his best." A mischievous smile curled her lips.

"Cute, Savannah; real cute" Dan joked back.

"How about a drink, Archie? Beer? Whiskey?"

Savannah walked over to the bar and opened up the large lacquered cabinet and took out three glasses.

"Beer's fine. Anything's good."

Archie's attention was not on the drinks on offer, but the wonderful smorgasbord Savannah's legs offered. It was all the distraction Savannah needed in order to spike his beer. And, oh, Dan's too while she was at it. No sense in passing up another opportunity to best Dan at their sensual tug of war. She smiled. Evilly.

Much later

Dammit! Dammit! Dammit! Dammit! The word repeated over and over in his head like a metronome as Dan took in the fact that once again, he was at the mercy of the sultry and devious Savannah Dubois. Touché! He opened bleary eyes and wished he hadn't. Savannah was standing over him, a satisfied smirk creasing her beautiful face. Well, at least she was naked, was all he could think.

And indeed she was, except for the mid-thigh-high leather-heeled boots; black, of course. Her hair now cascaded down her back and a few strands teased her nipples. Her legs were slightly spread; Dan could see the barest hint of moisture wetting her slit; no doubt her arousal stemmed from gaining the upper hand....again. He heard a male groan to his left and carefully turned his pounding head towards the sound. He couldn't prevent a reluctant laugh from escaping as he spied his good buddy well and truly trussed in much the same manner as he was.

Archie was spread-eagled, face-up on a low table; about four feet in width and a mere two feet in height, the table, made up entirely of stainless steel. His ankles and wrists were gently cuffed in fur-trimmed bracelets that were connected to stainless-steel posts at the bottom and top, respectively. Completely naked, and apparently chilled (his dick had shrunk to an embarrassing three inches), Archie struggled futilely at his bonds.

"Dammit, woman!"

The exclamation rasped from Archie's throat like sandpaper, and Dan laughed again. Poor, Archie; he'd tried to warn his friend about the wicked Savannah. Honestly, he should have suspected she would pull something like this; how many times had he been caught in the exact same snare they now found themselves in? Still, he couldn't complain. Sure, he would probably ache for days, yet he couldn't bring him self to regret coming here tonight with Archie. Savannah was worth it.

"Don't bother with pleas for mercy, buddy; been there, done that; she won't let up."

Dan now turned his attention back to Savannah, and then wished he hadn't. Approaching cattily, Savannah held up a long, gleaming black glass "apparatus"; though not very thick the rounded nodules along the length concerned him.

"Now, now, babe; uhm, I mean Mistress...remember what happened the last time you used that thing on me?"

His ass puckered every step she made toward him, and his balls shrunk up high and tight. Damn. His dick, however, had other ideas; tall and proud it waved at her in welcome, as if to say, "Over here; pick me, pick me!" Traitor, he thought.

"Oh, I remember very well what happened, my dearest Dan. You moaned, you groaned, you yelled for mercy; and then you came...in copious amounts, all over me and yourself." She turned to Archie, smiling...archly. "It took him forever clean it all up...with his tongue."

Archie's eyes widened in alarm, forcing another reluctant laugh from Dan. "No worries, buddy; you can have a beer chaser after."

Savannah's attention returned to Dan, and he mentally kicked him self in the head for not keeping his stupid mouth shut. She was in full dominatrix mode and speaking out of turn would result in severe punishment. His gut contracted with trepidation as she picked up cat-o-nine tails from another nearby low-lying table. She casually swished the whip as she approached him, her movements stealthy and menacing. A satisfied smirk chased across her face; he was really in for it now.

"Dan, Dan, Dan" she intoned, "what a naughty boy you are. I don't recall giving you permission to speak, do you? NO! Don't answer. Your act of disobedience will not go unpunished; I cannot have you setting a bad example for our new friend. Perhaps he can learn from your mistake."

So saying she delicately ran the tails up along his left leg, expertly slapping his inner thigh, before moving to his groin. She allowed the leather to rest on his fully erect dick; dread and anticipation boiled in his blood. WHACK! She let fly the whip on his shaft. Though barely making contact with his flesh, he felt the sting and his eyes burned. His but cheeks clenched tightly; he knew what was to come next.

There was just enough slack in his chains to allow her to position his legs further apart. The glass-like apparatus came into view briefly and Dan cussed a blue-streak, in his head of course. It seemed there would be no consideration of his comfort, for he could not see a bottle of lube anywhere in the vicinity. The cold glass probed at his rectum; his ass puckered with resistance but it was no use. She would have her way and there was nothing he could do to stop it. After just a few minutes she'd managed to work the thing completely into his ass. Dry and uncomfortable, the apparatus protruded from his ass like a monster's head. The ridges and bumps further increased his discomfort and for a few minutes all he could do was writhe in agony. Even so Dan, being Dan, could not help the eagerness with which his ass clenched around the device. Small tingles of electric pleasure radiated from his ass into his balls and dick, sweat broke out on his forehead, and he moaned loudly.

"Mmmm, you look so delicious; a veritable feast."

Savannah now stood straddled above him and promptly sat on his face, severely decreasing the flow of oxygen to his brain. Despite the discomfort he was in Dan felt he was in danger of cumming, which at this point was not a good idea; the Mistress had not yet given him permission.

"Suck my cunt, Bitch!"

Savannah's voice rumbled through the rushing of blood to his ears but he complied readily enough.

"Make me cum; make me cum hard!" she further commanded.

Dan sucked hard on her clit, much as if it were a cock. Thank God he knew how she liked it, what would make her go wild, or he'd be in serious deep shit. After just a few minutes of biting and licking the hard nubbin in his mouth Savannah climaxed...hard. Her hands grabbed his skull and she ground her pussy all over his face, leaving hot tracks of her juices on his flesh. She thrashed wildly about, moaning and screaming her pleasure.

Archie's eyes were glued to the action; Savannah's tits bounced with every spasm, and her "fuck yeah, such a good fucking slave" echoed merrily in the room. He finally felt the first stirrings of arousal, and happily welcomed the sensation of his dick swelling, blood rushing. If his hands had been free his dick would have been in one hand and his balls in the other. And even though the thought of having a damned dildo stuck up his ass was a bit disconcerting, he thought he might be able to handle it if she would ride his face just like that.

Abruptly Savannah disengaged herself from Dan's now drenched face and walked back towards his lower extremities. She plunged three of her fingers into her sopping cunt and swirled them around. Finally she pulled them out and smeared her cream over the head of Dan's cock, over his balls, and finally to his ass. His hips fucked the air wildly and it took every bit of control he had not to cum.

"I'm going to suck your dick, slave; but you can't cum until I pinch your nipple. If you cum before I do there'll be hell to pay."

Wordlessly Dan nodded and watched with fevered desperation as Savannah knelt on the floor. She grabbed the apparatus in one hand and stirred it around inside his rectum, stimulating his prostate. He shivered in exquisite pleasure-pain and had to bite his tongue when he felt the first wet stroke along his shaft. She teased his dick with her tongue, stroking the full length and girth of him. Every surface inch of his dick was now wet with her saliva; her mouth swallowed him whole. His hips jerked upward and this time he couldn't hold back the deep guttural groan that slipped out.

"Mmmmm, I bet my slave wants to shoot his load."

Savannah had taken her mouth off his dick to deliver the tease, but now re-doubled her efforts. Part of her really wished he would cum so she could punish him. Yet if he managed to hold out then she could move on to the delectable Archie. So far he'd behaved him self and hadn't uttered a sound; she'd like to reward his behavior with a nice long, slow ride on his cock. Her pussy tightened up just thinking about it and she moaned around Dan's dick. For the poor unfortunate Dan, it was more than he could bear. The small vibration was enough to set him off like Vesuvius. His panicked "aaaarrrrrgghhhhhhhhhhh" erupted in unison with his traitorous dick. He bucked wildly into her mouth, and the monster in his ass was forced ever deeper. Though he'd disobeyed her by cumming too soon, Savannah, never one to waste a nice hot load, swallowed every drop, milking him until he was empty. With a satisfied pop Savannah removed her mouth and delicately licked her lips.

"You know" Savannah said while getting to her feet, "despite the fact that you disregarded my order and came too soon, I think I'll save your punishment for another time." And then she turned to Archie. "But you, my little pet, I think should get a little taste of his medicine."

Oh, shit! Archie struggled mightily at his bonds, but to no avail. Despairingly he watched as she removed the apparatus from Dan's ass and approached him. He opened his mouth to protest, but then thought better of it when he saw the wicked gleam of anticipation in Savannah's eyes. His buddy was still writhing, half in pleasure, half in agony. The poor sod had been used and abused, and he, Archie, was next. Shit!

"Dan is quite the man, it's true; but you, dear Archie, are a sucker. Your good buddy over there set you up, which is why I'm being lenient with him. He knows I've been wanting a new toy, and you fit the role."

Savannah winked at Dan over her shoulder and he winked right back. Son of a bitch! When she reached Archie she straddled his chest, sat on him, and leaned in real close. She gently rubbed her lips against his, and then bit down; his mouth opened in shock, which was all the opening she needed. Quickly she thrust her tongue, which tasted of Dan's cum, deep into his mouth. Anticipating a struggle she grabbed his head to hold him steady for the oral assault.

Gagging sounds emanated from Archie's throat but she wouldn't let up. After a while the taste subsided and he relaxed; but when she pulled away the used device took the place of her tongue. Archie's eyes widened in shock and it felt for a few moments that he might hurl.

"Don't worry, pet; in anticipation of tonight Dan cleaned his ass out real good; no niblets for you....this time." And she laughed.

"Clamp down!" she ordered. Archie was not a rocket scientist, but he was smart enough to do as instructed.

She stood up and preceded to loosen the bonds securing his wrists somewhat, and then rolled him over onto his abdomen. A quiet ummph emerged from his mouth as his rock hard dick was smashed underneath him. He felt a cold glob of some kind of lube being smeared on his ass ring, and nearly choked on the device in his mouth when she shoved two fingers up his ass. Those fingers wriggled mercilessly inside him, but eventually the discomfort eased. He felt the bonds at his ankles slacken somewhat and then felt a hard whack across his ass cheeks.

"On your knees, pet" she commanded, and Archie, now filled with dread, slowly complied.

He heard the cabinet opening, some rustling noises; the cabinet doors shut. He'd lowered his head, not wanting to know exactly what it was Savannah was retrieving, but having a very good idea. When he lifted his head he was surprised to see Dan sitting in a chair across from him, free from his bonds and casually sipping a beer. A dark, malicious grin spread across his face, and he silently saluted him with the beer bottle.

Savannah walked into view and he nearly lost his grip on the device protruding from his mouth. She'd attached a strap-on unit to her hip; a long, thick, hard black rubbery "cock" was attached to it. She bent over to lean next to him and whispered in his ear, detailing exactly what she was going to do to him and what she expected from him. He gulped; loudly.

She walked backed to the rear position (pun intended); he heard some wet sucking sounds. Savannah slathered lube all over her "dick", being careful to coat every inch. She'd be gentle with Archie for his first time...maybe. She put the tip of the cock at the entrance to his hole and carefully eased forward. Archie squirmed frantically but Savannah was determined. Over the next five minutes she worked his ass with her tool, until the full eight inches was buried deeply inside. She paused there, giving Archie, who was still squirming madly, a few minutes to adjust.

Archie's ass burned like hell. His jaw hurt like hell. His dick throbbed like hell. He was in hell. Just then soft fingers caressed his nut sac and gently rolled them around. His dick jumped. Slowly Savannah began thrusting; in and out, in and out. Nerve endings he didn't know he had came alive and shocked, he felt a rush of pleasure. It started in his lower gut, then like a current of electricity, it arced along his dick and into his balls, until finally hitting his ass. Her pace quickened now and involuntarily his hips fucked back at her. He'd lowered his head again, not wanting his buddy to see that he was actually enjoying this.
