 The Interludes are a series of vignettes, intended to develop some new characters while preparing for a future series of mystery stories with fun plot twists. I hope you will enjoy the sex along the way. Please do provide feedback on what sex scenarios you would like to read about.

If you have not read the "Todd & Melina" series, particularly Chapters 1 and 5, you may wish to do so before reading the "Interlude" series.

This, the third "Interlude" chapter, was originally a part of "Interlude, Ch. 2", but I separated them to make each story a bit shorter space-wise.

I understand the comments of those who say they don't understand the actions and interactions of the main characters Melina and Don... that's okay; I hope you'll keep reading, as all the pieces of the puzzle will fall into place over the course of the stories.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

Part 10 - Let's Make A Deal

Todd was bored. 

The day before, his Uncle Don and Aunt Melina had gone back home to pack and sell their house. He didn't have any work scheduled that night, nor any dates set up. Uncle Don was going to the Police Academy in just a few days, and Aunt Melina had said she'd call to hook up with him when she got back, but that was going to be at least a couple of weeks away. 

He didn't have any work scheduled for the night, and the local bars were dead this time of year with school being out of session, so the prospects of getting some pussy that night looked as slim as his waist. The idea of a drink and masturbating his nine inch cock to a porn movie wasn't appealing, but maybe there was a book he could read and---

Knock knock knock!!!

The loud bang on his door startled Todd. He went to the door, warily, and saw through the little viewer that it was Detective Brittany Maxwell. 

"Lieutenant Maxwell!-- uh, hello." he said as he opened the door, his face registering his shock at the unexpected sight of the pretty policewoman. 

"Hi Todd. May I come in?" Britt asked. Todd hesitated, still very much on his guard. He and Britt had sparred in the past, in the kind of way that she had almost placed him under arrest several times. Britt understood.

"It's not about police business, Todd." Britt said, trying to sound reassuring. "Totally personal." Still wary, Todd backed up slightly, allowing Britt to enter his apartment.

The condo apartment was one room that went front-to-back, with the kitchen to the back left and a door to the one bedroom to the right. It was clean and nearly bare, with a couch and television set near the front, a desk and breakfast table in the back.

Todd took in the sight of Britt as she stood in the middle of the room. She was wearing a navy blue jacket and slacks and navy blue low-heel pumps, and a light blue button-down shirt beneath. He was wearing only gym shorts, but they were not loose enough to hide the considerable size of his "package."

"What can I do for you, Captain?" Todd asked, slightly sarcastic in calling her the rank they both knew she likely would never achieve in the police force. 

 "Well, Todd, I have a request. A personal request." Britt said, locking her twinkling eyes with Todd's hard gaze. "I want you to do me a favor."

"Oh, what's that?" Todd said, crossing his arms in a near-confrontational pose, sure that this was another of Britt's head games, trying to entrap him into something.

"I want you to get me a date... with your Aunt Melina." Britt said. Todd gasped in shock. He could see in the woman's eyes that she was serious.

"You want me to hook you up with Melina?" he asked, not sure he had heard correctly.

"Yep. Think you can do that? Or is it too much of a challenge for you?" Britt said, trying to goad his competitive spirit into an agreement.

"Why can't--" Todd began to ask, then stopped. He realized the enormity of the opportunity he had here. "Uh, let me ask this..." he started, in the tone of a deal-maker, "what's in it for me? What do I get for helping you get into my auntie's panties?" 

Britt smiled, knowing she would have to make this offer, but not minding it in the least. "Me." she replied.

"You?" Todd asked. Suspicion crept back into his mind.

"If you help me get my tongue on Melina's slit, then I'll let you fuck me, Todd." Britt offered. "You've been trying to get into my pants for a long time. Here's your chance."

"Hmmm," Todd said, sidling up to Britt and sliding his hand onto her waist. "I think we can work together on this." He bent down and kissed Britt's mouth. She returned it. Gently at first, but then the kiss became deeper as Todd's tongue invaded and explored her mouth. Britt began responding, kissing the teen stud back warmly, enjoying the feeling of their lips sliding along each other's as much as Todd was.

"Mmmm, that's enough." Britt said, breaking the kiss and gently pushing Todd away. "So we have a deal?"

"We have a deal." Todd said, his arms returning to encircle the older woman. "Why don't we go into the bedroom and you give me a ... 'down payment' on it?"

"Nope." Britt said. "The deal is, Melina and I tongue each other's cunts, and then I'll fuck you."

"How do you know she'll do it? She may not even be a lezzie." Todd said, though he knew full well that Melina was bisexual.

"Trust me, she's bi, at least. You just help me get in her pants and I'll... do the rest." Britt said, grinning.

Todd's grin matched hers. "All right. If it gets me into your pants, babe, I'll do it."

"Good." Britt said, then moved toward the door as if to leave. 

"It might take a little bit of time," Todd said. "I'll call you when I have it set up." 

Britt came back to him and, to his surprise, pulled his head to hers for another kiss. Their tongues twined hungrily as their arms wrapped together. They stood there, making out hotly for several minutes. 

"Mmmmm," Todd said as they broke the kiss, "are you sure you don't want to get started with me now, Britt?"

Britt backed out of Todd's strong arms. "I'm sure. You know the deal: First Melina, then me." 

As Britt left the apartment, she hurried to her car, increasing her pace. The kisses with that teen stud had inflamed her loins much more than she had thought they would. She knew if she didn't get away from here soon that she would go back... and that Todd would be plunging his huge cock into her sopping wet quim, and thus reap the rewards of fucking her without setting her up with Melina.

Todd had cut off asking the question, and had not realized the ramifications: Why couldn't Britt just arrange this herself, or with Melina's husband Don? Why come to Todd? Britt smiled as she remembered the answer: she wanted to sample Todd's cock as well as Melina's pussy, and she was "killing two birds with one stone." 

Part 11 - Girl Talk

Author's note: This is happening concurrently with Don and Laura's evening at "The Cabin", as described in Interlude Ch. 2.

It was nearly ten o'clock in the evening as Detective Brittany Maxwell climbed the stairs to Todd's apartment again, the click of her 5-inch-high heels seemingly as loud as the crack of rifles. She realized that the loud drumbeat she was hearing was her heart pounding in her chest. 

Six weeks after their last meeting and conversation, Todd had called that afternoon and told her to come by, that he had set things up. Britt felt her loins melt, her excitement grow, and her apprehension spread through her body as she listened to the young stud's words over the phone. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Brittany had realized she was a lesbian, or at least bisexual, during her first year of college. She still remembered the thrill, the taste and the tingle of the other girl's lips as the girl had suddenly kissed her mouth in the dorm bathroom during a dorm hall party. They had made out for a couple of minutes before the girl had asked her to come to the girl's room. Once there, after making out some more, Britt felt the pleasure of having her pussy eaten for the first time, and of tasting another woman's cunt as well.

For several days she wondered if she'd just been really drunk and susceptible to be seduced like that, but she also realized that she felt no shame and that she had enjoyed the sex tremendously. She hooked up with that girl again, then a small network of girls in her dorm. 

Brittany also dated men, made out with them, and she gave several blowjobs while in school. She felt no conflict within herself; fortunately for her, she had read a paper recently published by a sex psychologist named Dr. Laura Fredricson. The paper had stated that 80% of homosexual women were actually bisexual, leading young Brittany to realize that enjoying both men and women was natural to her.

She gave up her virginity her Senior year. The guy had been handsome, but his penis was barely six inches long and he had had very little technique. A couple of other guys, including her future husband, had not been any bigger nor better, and she resigned herself to routine, boring sex as she became engaged and then married. She had not cheated on her husband with another man, but had indulged with a few women that came onto her over the past few years.

Her world had been rocked the moment she had met Melina, though she tried fiercely to hide it. She had been very busy with the case of Todd, Ned and the pills. She and Todd had sparred for a good while, and she knew how large his cock was. But Melina had some kind of sexual aura; Brittany could not get Todd's uncle's wife out of her head.

Brittany had liked and had come to respect Don during that case of the pills. So she was thrilled that her recommendation of him to the Town Police Force was acted upon. And her heart surged: she hoped against hope that she might get a shot with Melina... she had felt in her soul that Melina was also bisexual, and that neither Melina's husband nor Todd knew it. She could not have known how Todd knew...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

The strength of her knock on the door to Todd's apartment opened it. Peering inside, Britt called out "Hello!". 

"Come on in." she heard a voice say, faintly as if from a distance. Stepping in, Britt closed the door behind her. 

"Anyone home?" she asked, seemingly to empty space. Britt was wearing a light blue one piece dress with an unnecessary navy blue belt which matched her high-heel navy blue Christian Louboutin pumps. She also wore bright red lipstick, fingernail and toenail polish, which only matched the dress in terms of a patriotic look. She almost gasped out loud when the woman entered the room from Todd's bedroom. It was Melina!

"Hello there." Melina said, her voice low and husky. She was wearing a sheer, see-thru blue negligee and dark blue sandals with 5-inch high heels, a thin y-strap over the ankles and three thin straps in a "love knot" over her toes. Melina's lipstick, fingernail and toenail polish were a dark, blood-red color. Melina's rock-hard nipples were clearly visible through the film of the negligee, and her thick dark pubic bush showed at the hem of the flimsy garmet. Britt's eyes widened at the lovely sight before her, then recovered. 

 "Hi." Britt answered. She was frozen, immobilized, not quite knowing what to do next. "Is Todd here?"

"He'll be along later." Melina said, her eyes twinkling, though not as brightly as Britt's. "For now, it's just us girls. And..." she added, stepping slowly up to the lovely policewoman, "that'll give us all the time we need to get... acquainted." With that, Melina slipped her hand around the back of Britt's neck and gently but firmly pressed her mouth to Britt's in a warm kiss.

"Mmmm" Britt moaned as she tasted Melina's lips and felt the sensation of her mouth being invaded by the younger woman's probing tongue. Britt was 33 years old, four years older than Melina at 29 (and 5 years older than Don at 28). Melina was a little bit taller than Britt, but it wasn't long before the naturally dominant tendency in Britt overcame her initial shock and she began returning the kiss as her hands slid around Melina's waist. Melina allowed Britt to take control, wanted to be the submissive partner despite having needed to take the lead in the initial contact.

Breaking the kiss, Melina took Britt's hand in hers. "Let's go into the bedroom." she said. "We'll be much more comfortable in there." 

The bedroom was clean, Britt noted. The queen size bed's sheets were turned down, and they were fresh and clean, to Britt's delight. A small shaded lamp and some candles provided the low, warm, romantic light that bathed the room. At the foot of the bed, Melina turned and deeply kissed Britt again for what seemed several long, lingering minutes.

Their hands were exploring each other. Britt found Melina's breasts under the filmy negligee and began gently cupping then kneading them in her strong hands as Melina's hands roamed Britt's ass then up her sides to her breasts under her dress.

"Ohhhh," Britt whispered as they broke the kiss. "I can't believe... I... that this is finally happen-- I mean..."

"I know." Melina replied, looking into Britt's eyes from only inches away. "I was so flattered that you wanted me... believe me, the feeling is mutual." They kissed again, then Melina backed off, her calves pressing into the end of the bed. She pulled the negligee over her head and stood before Britt's sparkling eyes as they drank in the sight of Melina's naked loveliness. Melina was about to ease herself onto the bed when Britt turned around and said "Unzip me, please?" 

Melina complied, then Britt turned to face her, letting Melina slowly slide the dress off of her shoulders. To her surprise, Britt noticed that Melina's hands were trembling as the younger woman reached for the clasp of Britt's bra between her breasts and twisted it apart. The bra and dress fell to the floor simultaneously in proof of the Law of Gravity but Melina didn't notice; her eyes were transfixed on Brittany's breasts. Medium sized, the nipples strained upwards, bright reddish, mouthwatering...

"Suck them." Britt ordered as Melina cupped her tits. Melina bent her head down and heard Britt moan softly as her mouth kissed and then suckled Britt's left nipple. She began alternating between the older woman's breasts, feeling the pressure of Britt's hand on the back of her head as Britt pushed her tits into Melina's face. 

"Mmmffff... uhhhh!" Melina gasped. Brittany had eased her and down and was sliding ha finger over Melina's soaking wet cuntlips. She gasped again as Britt's finger insistently probed into her vaginal opening, easing back and forth until the finger was buried fully to the knuckle into Melina's hot womanly wetness. After several probes, Britt added a second finger. They probed Melina's pussy walls, then found her G-spot and began rubbing insistently. Melina began gasping and breathing heavily as her juices washed Britt's knuckles.

After a moment of this digital stimulation, Britt suddenly pulled her fingers out of Melina's twat, making Melina gasp again at the unexpected loss of the wonderful invaders. Britt then stepped forward as she gently pushed Melina back, succeeding in making Melina fall back onto Todd's bed. Melina barely had time to scramble back when Britt eased onto the bed and covered Melina's body with her own, mashing her lips onto Melina's with deepening passion.

The two beautiful women kissed deeply for long moments as they explored each other's bodies, the heat between them rising as their breathing grew heavier. It was Britt who broke the kiss and began kissing her way down Melina's neck to her breasts. Gripping Melina's large mammaries in her hands, Britt hungrily devoured the rock-hard nipples, sucking hard on Melina's teats as her hands roughly kneaded the titflesh surrounding them. 

"Ohhhh...." Melina exhaled as Britt finally began kissing and licking her way down Melina's washboard tummy, licking along her nicely defined abs as Melina tightened the muscles. Melina had noticed that while Britt's body wasn't as well defined, Britt was still in fantastic shape, active and strong.

Britt's mouth was making a slow, zig-zag trail towards Melina's crotch. As Britt's tongue felt the hairs of Melina's pubic bush, she settled between Melina's firm thighs and gently pushed them further apart. Taking the hint, Melina spread her legs wide, her knees bent and her feet pushing on the bed.

"I can't wait to taste your pussy, Melina." Britt said. "I've been dreaming of this since the moment I met you. I am really going to work your cunt over, baby." 

"Mmmm, I'm gonna hold you to that, babe!" Melina replied. "Now get in there and eat me!" The permission obtained, Britt dove her head between Melina's legs and right into her pussy lips.

"OHH!!! NNGG!!!" Melina gasped out loud, her hands instinctively grabbing Britt's head and pulling it into her crotch as Britt's tongue slashed over her slit and straight up to her clit. The room was filled with moans, gasps and the slurping of Britt's mouth on Melina's wet pussy as she tongued, licked, kissed and sucked her labes, clit and vaginal rim.

"Ohhhh... Oh GOD! I'm coming!" Melina gasped. Britt immediately sucked Melina's clit into her mouth. Melina almost bounced off the bed. "OH MY GOD!!! OHH!! UNNH!!! UNNH!!! She felt like she was coming apart at the seams as the intense pleasure blasted up her spine and burst behind her eyelids.

"Oh yeahh... that rocked!" Melina gasped. "God, you're one hell of a pussy licker, Britt!" As Britt blushed and said thanks, Melina began sitting up. "Okay, now it's my turn. Lie down on your back."

Britt hastily complied, lying down in the center of the bed where Melina had just been lying. Her heart pounded as Melina sat on her knees between Britt's legs and pushed Britt's thighs up. Britt pulled her legs up and back, then let them fall back down as she spread them very wide. Melina bent down at the hips, still crouched on her knees, and dove into Britt's steaming snatch.

"Oh yes!" Britt moaned. It felt so fucking good! Feeling Melina's tongue lashing at her labes, going deeper, licking up to her clit, then sucking on her labes was pure heaven. She looked down, seeing Melina's beautiful face at the end of her "runway" pubic bush just over her labes. Melina looked angelic as she concentrated on the task of munching Britt's muff. 

Things got a little hazy for Britt as the pleasure of being eaten washed over her. She felt the electric pleasure building up in her clit and into her vagina, which discharged with a powerful shock of orgasm when Melina's fingers dove deep into her pussy and rubbed her G-spot relentlessly. Then came a series of rolling, smaller orgasms, something that happened to Britt very infrequently. 

She became aware of that Melina was shifting position, then the lights dimmed... it was Melina straddling her face, easing them into a sixty-nine position. "Oh yes, this is heaven." Britt said as she began tonguing Melina's quim.

"Mmmmmm, is sure is!" Melina replied, then dove back into her very pleasant task. Soon the women had clamped their mouths onto each other's pussies, their tongue darting in and out of each other's vagina's at the same pace. They giggled together, then Melina began licking Britt's slit and clit as Britt delved her tongue as deep as she could into Melina and licked the walls of her sopping wet cunt.

She lost track of time as they sixty-nined, thinking that a lot of time must've passed. She felt Melina ease up a bit, pressing her ass and cunt into Britt's face and cool air on her thighs where Melina's head had been. Then she felt the contact of skin again and the shock of her slit being roughly tongued again. She felt her clit being sucked, this time much more roughly than before.
