 I know what you’re thinking: All work, no play for poor Katie. True, I’ve been logging long hours at my internship, but it hasn’t been all work. Since we’re roommates, I suppose I can trust you with the juicy details.

We’d been really cooking all week long. I hadn’t even been able to sit down lately while we prepared materials for the biggest trade show of the year. Boxes of collateral were stacked everywhere. You know how I told you that I’m reporting to this woman Heather? We’ll she’s the senior admin to the vice president of sales. Earlier in the week, I was using the copier, but it jammed. I had to lean way over it to get the paper out. Well Heather slid by me and placed her hand on my butt!

“Excuse me, sweetie,” she said, giving my bum a squeeze. I looked over to see her saunter away. She looked over her shoulder and gave me a wink. I’d never thought about it before, but I couldn’t help but notice her nice figure. Heather’s maybe 32, but she looks younger. She has long light-brown, curly hair that flows to her shoulders. Her outfits are always fitted and display her curvy figure.

I cleared the lump in my throat and nervously tried to avoid her the rest of the day. I couldn’t believe it. I wondered whether Heather was hitting on me. That night I couldn’t stop thinking about her. The next morning I found myself picking out something sexy to wear so she would notice me. I decided on stretch slacks and a slightly tight-fitting blue button down. I wore my hair up and wore dark-framed glasses. I liked the way the outfit snug to my breasts and hips. I made sure to wear a thong so I wouldn’t have panty-lines.

All morning long I expected Heather to say or do something. A couple of times she caught me staring at her full, red lips. We were very busy correlating collateral that need to be shipped first thing the next day. “I’m going to need you to stay late and help me, Katie,” Heather said. My heart skipped a beat. Could I really be alone with a woman who touched me like that?

That night we were the last ones at the office. We worked in silence, but I couldn’t stop thinking about her. Maybe she was just being friendly, I thought. I probably took it the wrong way. Getting this order done on time was a huge deal, and Heather congratulated me as we packed up the last box of materials.

“We did it!” she said, flashing her bright smile. “We’re finally done!” She hugged me playfully. My heart raced. For several moments she just held me close to her, our breasts pushed tightly together. I didn’t say a word as she slowly caressed my back. She moved her cheek next to mine and gave my neck an open mouth kiss. I was panting now.

“Oh, Heather,” I moaned. She pulled our hips together and kissed me. Her full lips felt so very soft; then I felt her tongue slid into my mouth. My panties were soaking wet. She kissed down my neck and to my chest, while unbuttoning my blouse.

“My God, Katie, you have such a beautiful body,” she said, unclipping my lace bra. I reached behind her and unzipped the back of her dress. Heather took a half step back and smiled at me as she let her dress slide down her shapely frame to the floor. I stared at her while slowly removing my slacks. I couldn’t believe how sexy she looked. Her full D-cup breasts are slightly bigger than mine, and she’s a little curvier. She removed her bra and I found myself immediately taking her breast into my mouth.

“Oh, yeah, Katie,” she moaned. “Suck my tits please.” My wet mouth sucked one of her large ruby nipples then the other. Heather reached around me, sliding her warm hands down my bottom. “You have the cutest little ass I’ve ever seen,” she said, massaging my cheeks. She slipped one hand down my crack and probed my drenched pussy with her long slender fingers.

“Turn around, baby,” she said, motioning my body. “Let’s get these panties off.” She stood behind me and held me close to her. I could feel her large breasts press against my back. She massaged my chest, and then slowly slid them down my belly. Her hands slipped into the front of my panties. I spread my legs slightly as she rubbed my clit. 

“Mmmm, yeah, that’s so nice,” I purred, reaching back to rub her full bottom. My body twitched slightly as she nearly made me climax. I grabbed the desktop in front of me to steady myself.

“Oh, I’m going to enjoy this,” said Heather. She knelt behind me, and kissed by cheeks. I could feel her tongue along the crack of my ass, as she peeled off my thong. I bent over the desk and stuck out my bum to allow her better access. “Tell me you want it as much as I do, baby,” she said, spreading my cheeks and licking closer to my pussy.

“God, Heather, I can’t stop thinking about you,” I confessed. “Please give it to me.” Her warm tongue felt amazing as she slid it from my pubic hair, across my clit, and finally deep into my slit. “Mmmm, your pussy tastes so good,” she moaned. She continued to probe her tongue into me while rubbing my swollen clit. After sever minutes, my body twitched and I pushed my bottom into her face.

“OH GOD! I’M COMING! OH, OH, OH! YEAH!” Heather didn’t let up, giving me multiple orgasms. Finally, I could take no more. I turned around and practically tacked her. Laying on top of her hot naked body I kiss her gorgeous face, tasting my cum on her lips. I kissed down her entire body, making sure to suck on her lovely erect nipples. When I got to her waste, I paused slightly to look up at her face. I gave her a smile as I pulled her panties down her long shapely legs.

Heather spread her legs, and I kissed up her inner thigh. I couldn’t believe how badly I wanted to taste her pussy. I so wanted to give her as good of an orgasm as she gave me. Her pussy was closely shaved, and it smelled musky and wonderful. My mouth watered to the point that I was nearly drooling. I touched the soft lips of her vagina and licked inside.

“Ooooooo, baby, that’s so good,” she said.

“Heather, I want to make you cum.”

“Do it, Katie. Please, get me off.”

I pushed my tongue deep inside of her. Her juices tasted delicious. I moved my tongue from inside of her and tickled her engorged clit. I could tell she loved that because plenty of juices were flowing. My face was covered in her sticky cum. I continued to lick her clit and worked two fingers in and out of her pussy.

“Oh, please don’t stop!” she cried. “You’re going to get me off soon. SOON! OH, FUCK! AAAAAAAAAAH! OH! OH!” I kept at her pussy until she couldn’t take any more. She leaned over and pulled me on top of her. Heather wrapped her legs around my waste and sucked and licked her cum from my face.

“Looks like someone’s burning the midnight oil,” said a man behind me. I rolled off of Heather to see it was the vice president of sales, Jack Sullivan. “I believe you two ladies are in violation of the company’s dress code.”

I nearly jumped up to get my clothes, but Heather held me in place. “Don’t worry, Katie,” she said. “He just wants to have some fun too.”

“Hi, Jack,” she said. “You tell the wife that you’re working late again?”

“I was hoping I’d catch you here,” he said with a smile, as he undressed. “But I see we have some company. How’s our intern making out?”

“As you can see, she’s a terrific asset.”

Jack’s old enough to be my dad, but he’s in good shape. He stood proudly in front of us, displaying his half-erect penis. Holding my hand, Heather knelt in front of him and began licking Jack’s cock. She pulled me next to her and pushed my head towards it.

Heather and I licked all over Jack’s big cock and balls. Soon he was fully erect. “Get on top of me, Heather,” he said, easing himself to the floor. Heather straddled him and slid his cock in side of her. She looked so sexy riding him. I loved how her large breasts bounced. “Get over here, Katie,” Jack ordered. I crawled over to him. He kissed me and then sucked on my tits, while he fingered my pussy.

He stuck his fingers in his mouth. “Mmm, you taste good. Put your pussy on my face.” Facing Heather, I sat on Jack’s face. He licked and sucked all over my drenched pussy. Heather and I were both bouncing up and down and playing with each other’s breasts.


“OH GOD, YOU’RE GETTING ME OFF!” Heather screamed.

“AAAAH! ME TOO!” I said.

“OH,OH, OH!”

“AH! AH!”

We hugged each other, while Jack made us both cum. He pushed me off of him, and positioned Heather on all fours. He got behind her and rubbed the tip of his cock against her slit. “Let’s show the intern how to be a real office slut,” he said. “Watch how well she takes it up the ass, Katie.”

I couldn’t believe how Heather could handle Jack’s long prick in her ass. “Ooooo yeah,” she moaned with a slight smile. “Fuck my ass, Jack. Fuck it so good.” He spread her cheeks and soon slammed it inside of her.

“Come here, Katie,” she said. We kissed, and soon I was aroused again. I slid under her so I could lick her pussy. Jack’s big balls slapped against my face, while I sucked on Heather’s swollen clit. The almost immediately got her going again.

“OH FUCK YEAH! I’M COMING! SUCK ME! FUCK ME! SUCK ME!”

Jack slammed his cock deep inside Heather’s ass and blew. He pulled out and his sperm oozed from her asshole, down her pussy and into my mouth. “Oh, Katie, kiss my ass and make it better,” said Heather. She pushed her round bottom into my face. I pushed her crack open and tongued her swollen anus, tasting Jack’s bitter cum. “Don’t stop, baby,” she said. “That feels so good.”

“God that’s sexy,” said Jack. “I’m already hard again.” He came around and knelt between my legs. His fat cock head felt so warm against my soaked pussy. He slowly eased himself inside of me. I was ready to cum, but my grunts and moans were muffled by the big beautiful ass riding my face. Soon, Jack was slamming into my pussy.

“I know what you want, Jack,” said Heather. She pulled my legs up and far apart, lifting my bum off the ground. “Go ahead and fuck that little ass.” My tongue was deep inside Heathers butt, so I couldn’t protest against it. Before I knew it, Jack shoved the tip of his cock into my asshole.

“Mmmmph!” I moaned.

“Don’t worry, baby,” said Heather. “You’ll be used to it soon enough.”

She was right. Jack worked his entire cock through my rectum. Heather kept me horny by rubbing my clit and fingering my pussy. The sensation of her fingers inside my pussy, while Jack’s big cock fucked my ass sent me over the edge. I came hard. I spanked Heather bottom and jammed my tongue far up her butthole. “MMMMPH! MMMM! MMMMMPH!”

Jack pulled his prick out of my ass and doused Heather’s pretty face in spunk. She laid down next to me, and I licked the tasty sperm off of her mouth and chin.

“I’m having a very important business dinner next week with some potential clients,” Jack said, pulling his pants up. “I want you two there to entertain.”

“Will we get overtime?” asked Heather.

“Of course,” he said.