 Wally came back from the library and entered his dorm room. He smiled when he saw Roberto and Michael naked in Michael's bed. Michael was face down as Roberto plowed his ass. Wally locked the door with the dead bolt and took off his clothes to join them. He watched Roberto shapely ass as he thrust into Michael. Roberto had a great looking ass that was perfectly shaped. 

Wally lubed up his cock and knelt behind Roberto. He eased his cock into his Italian roommate who stopped fucking Michael until Wally was in. Wally fucked Roberto slowly until his ass loosened up and then Roberto resumed fucking Michael. Wally didn't have to move much as Roberto was doing all the work. Michael was pushing his ass up to meet Roberto's thrusts. The three of them went at it with vigor and Wally was the first one to cum shooting in Roberto's rectum.

Roberto loved the feel of the semen entering his anal passage and it was enough to set him off. He had another volcanic like ejaculation and he filled Michael's ass to over flowing. Wally pulled out of Roberto who in turn pulled out of Michael. Cum was running out of both assholes and Michael raised his hips off the bed as he jerked off. Michael than shot his load onto his bed sheets and he looked like he was cumming out of his cock and anus at the same time. It was a very erotic sight. Then Michael collapsed face down on his bed.

"That's the way to start off a Saturday," Wally stated with a chuckle.

"Roberto and I were just warming up for Benji. He's coming over after lunch. He is really looking forward to a foursome," Michael said.

"Great, it's a rainy day out anyway so we may as well stay in and have some fun," Wally replied and then said to Roberto, "Hey Thanksgiving is coming up soon. Would you like to come home with me for the break and meet my stepmom?"

"Oh my god, would I ever. From what you told me about her, I have been thinking about it for awhile. Are you sure it's okay?" Roberto relied excitedly.

"More than okay, she is going to love your cock. I don't know if she ever had two guys at once but she will this time," Wally confirmed. 

"Hey let's get an early lunch," Michael suggested.

"Should we shower first?" Roberto asked.

"Why bother, we're going to be fucking again after lunch," Michael answered.

"Yeah why bother?" Wally said with a laugh.

The three of them got dressed and went to the cafeteria for an early lunch. After they ate they went back to the room and waited for Benji to arrive. Once Benji arrived the fur of them had sex for hours. Benji and Michael got on their sides in a 69 position and sucked each other's cock while they were fucked in the ass by Roberto and Wally. Roberto and Wally took a break and watched Benji and Michael fuck each other. The afternoon wrapped up with the four of them fucking. Wally was in Roberto's ass and Roberto was in Michael's ass. Michael was in Benji's ass and he was giving Benji a reach around. They all came one last time and then it was time to rest.

THANKSGIVING BREAK

The weekend before Thanksgiving Wally came back to the dorm room and he found Michael bummed out and upset. Roberto was there trying to console their roommate. "What's going on?" Wally asked.

"He can't go home for Thanksgiving," Roberto said.

"Why not," Wally questioned. 

"My dad, he knows that I am gay and he says I am not part of the family anymore. I am not welcome there," Michael blurted out.

"What does your mom say?"

"She's upset but there is nothing she can do."

"You know, fuck your dad. You can come to my house for Thanksgiving. I'll call my stepmom and tell her."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes I'm sure. Roberto is coming home with me and you can too," Wally told him.

"That is so kind," Michael accepted.

"I'm calling my mom right now. We will be leaving Tuesday right after class so pack before then and be ready to go," Wally stated.

Wally then called his stepmom Gladys and told her that his other roommate would be joining them for Thanksgiving. That Tuesday the three roommates traveled to Wally's house and arrived late. Gladys was already asleep in her bedroom. Wally showed Roberto and Michael to the guest bedroom that had twin beds. 

"If you guys are going to have sex tonight, keep your voices down. My stepmom is asleep," Wally cautioned them knowing that they would probably fuck each other before they went to sleep.

Wally put his suitcase in his room and then looked in on Gladys. He peeked in the bedroom and saw in the dim light that Gladys was sound asleep. She was in her nightgown with just the bed sheet covering her lower body. Wally was naked when he entered the bedroom and he stood by the bed letting his eyes adjust to the dimly lit room. Wally then slowly pulled the bed sheet of her body and lifted her nightgown over her tits.

Gladys looked so angelic sleeping on her back with her cute firm tits poking up in the air and her hot pussy on display. Wally eased her legs apart and lowered his mouth to her vulva. He teased her with his tongue until her pussy heated up and glistened with moisture. She started to stir and reached down to her pussy only to find Wally's head between her legs. Gladys opened her legs wider giving him easier access to her luscious pussy.

"Oh good, you're home," Gladys whispered.

Wally located her clit and brought a soft moan to her lips as he nibbled it gently. He then inserted a thick finger into her pussy and continued to tease her hard clit. Her pussy was getting wetter and wetter and she started to move her hips with a desire to cum. That was the signal that Wally was waiting for and he moved his body up and knelt between her legs. He lined up his huge erect cock with Gladys's sopping wet cunt and eased it in. Her face tensed with the anticipation of his big cock filling her pussy. Wally loved to watch his cock slide into a hot pussy or ass and see the expression on his lover's face as the cock spread her wider.

Wally fucked her slowly at first as he usually did and then he began to pick up the pace. Soon he was pounding her pussy and fucking her into submission. Gladys had orgasm after orgasm as he relentlessly fucked her. Wally just kept at her until she pleaded with him to stop. Gladys's body convulsed in a mind blowing orgasm and then she went limp on the bed. Wally smiled to himself and eased his cock out of her well fucked pussy. He still had not cum.

Gladys wrapped one hand around his cock and looked up at Wally with those daring blue eyes. She then tilted her head back down and brought her mouth towards his cock. She ran her tongue up its smooth underbelly and Wally groaned aloud. Holding it with her hand she sank her open mouth down onto his cock. Her lips closed around it and Wally felt her hot, wet tongue go to work. Gladys sucked him hard and her cheeks hollowed as she worked her head back and forth. Wally gasped and put his fingers into her soft hair to guide her head back and forth. Gladys knew what she was doing as her pace slowly quickened and her right hand worked Wally's shaft. Her left hand cradled his balls and softly stroked them. She then ran her finger along his perineum. Gladys took Wally's cock from her mouth and blew on the head of it. Wally felt her breath cool the saliva on his cock and he clenched his butt in pleasure. Wally's large cock bulged in her firm grip and felt even larger than normal. Gladys worked her hand back and forth letting it glide smoothly around his cock then she looked up at Wally and smiled. She knew the effect she was having on him and she seemed to enjoy every moment of his torment. 

Wally moaned again as her tongue snaked forward and tickled the tip of his cock. Her tongue found the pee hole and she licked the pre-cum as it oozed out of his slit. She worked her tongue in circles around the tip of Wally's cock and took his length deeply into her mouth again. Wally watched as almost the full length of his cock vanished into her mouth. Gladys then swirled her tongue around the shaft of his cock that was buried in her mouth. Wally closed his eyes and groaned in pleasure as her head worked back and forth more quickly clasping his shaft with both hands as her head vigorously bobbed up and down.

Gladys's pace was relentless and Wally held her head gently as he felt his orgasm building in his testicles. This was definitely one of the best blow jobs Wally ever had in his life. Gladys allowed his cock to plop out of her mouth again and a thin trail of saliva stretched from his cock to her lips. Gladys smiled again and caught the saliva in her hand as her eyes fixed on Wally's cock. Her hand wrapped tightly around it again and she proceeded to jerk him off me at a steady pace occasionally licking the head of his cock and nibbling it with her teeth. Wally threw his head back, closed his eyes and groaned out loud. Gladys jerked him off as fast as she could as her hand almost became a blur as it moved up and down his shaft. There was a distinct look of lust in Gladys's eyes as she stared at Wally's cock. Gladys then took him back in her mouth and ran her tongue around his shaft again. Then her head bobbed up and down again as she pursed her lips and hallowed her cheeks. That did it for Wally.

"Gladys, I'm going to cum," Wally whispered and then he grunted as he came in her mouth.

Gladys took Wally's warning as a signal and she started sucking harder and squeezing his cock with her hand. Wally's eyes closed tight as he ejaculated in her mouth. He felt his cock pulsate as rope after rope of semen shot into her mouth. As the intense sensations passed from Wally's body he relaxed a little and looked down to watch Gladys suck every drop from his cock. She was now kissing it, licking up and down the shaft as if she were making love to it. Wally's cock softened in her mouth and she took it in her hand as she licked the final remnants of his ejaculation from the slit. Once she was satisfied that she had emptied his cock she ran her tongue around her lips and swallowed one final time. Gladys let out a big sigh and then flopped down on the bed along side him.

"I missed you," she told her stepson.

"I missed you too," Wally told her.

Gladys lay on her back and welcomed Wally into her arms as he moved between her legs and kissed her. Wally moved from her lips to her breasts and spent a good amount of time kissing her tits and sucking on her nipples. Gladys loved the attention he paid to her breasts and she cooed and moaned softly as he worked on them. Wally began his descent down her body kissing her firm tummy and tickling her belly button with his tongue. Then he moved between her legs and kissed her inner thighs causing her to groan aloud.

Gladys's body twitched when Wally's tongue touched her quim. He then moved her legs on top of his shoulders and settled in to eat her pussy. Wally licked her labia and inserted his tongue passed her outer and inner lips. Locating her aroused clit he sucked on it and gently nibbled it with his teeth. Wally expected to bring Gladys off with his mouth and then fuck her but she interrupted that plan.

"Oh I'm ready now make love to me again, please love me now," she gasped as she tugged on his head.

"The guys are in the guest room," Wally told her so she didn't get too vocal. 

Wally slid his cock into her pussy which was now sopping wet. It went in easily and Gladys gasped at the contact and penetration. She wrapped her legs and arms around him and held Wally tight as she humped herself against him. Gladys had a small orgasm but she kept right on fucking and Wally kept pace with her. He continued to fuck her until she had one of her mind blowing orgasms in which her body quivered and quaked as she cried out loud.

"Oh I'm cumming, it's a big one again, hold me hold me, oh!" she whispered harshly as she stiffened her body and clutched his cock in her pussy. 

Gladys's body went limp after her climax and she lay under Wally as he picked up the pace fucking her in search of his own release. It didn't take too long before Wally's body went rigid and he dumped another load into Gladys's twat. She held him by his buns as she pulled him to her and used her vaginal muscles to milk his cock dry. Wally rolled off her and flopped next to her as we were both drained. Several hours later Wally woke up to pee and afterwards he returned to his own bedroom.

GLADYS MEETS THE ROOMMATES

On Wednesday, Gladys slept in and Wally went to check on his guests. He peeked in the guest bedroom and saw that Roberto and Michael were still sleeping. He smiled when he saw that they were both naked and sporting morning boners. Wally let them sleep and he went to the kitchen and made the coffee. He also whipped together the ingredients for pancakes and he set the kitchen table for four. Wally poured juice for everyone and then he had a cup of coffee while he waited for the others.

Gladys was the first to arrive and she was dressed in a tasteful lounge outfit. Wally like the way the soft material hugged her curves. He had forgotten just how shapely and beautiful his stepmother was. Gladys smiled, poured a cup of coffee and joined her stepson at the kitchen table.

"Are the boys still sleeping?" she asked.

"Yeah but they should be up soon. I'll make pancakes when they get up," Wally told her.

"That's nice. So tell me about your roommates," Gladys inquired.

"They're nice guys and you will like them. I have to tell you though that Michael is French descent and he is gay. Roberto is Italian descent and he is bi-sexual."

Gladys stared at her stepson, "Are you serious? Do you do anything with them?"

"Yes, we have a great time together. Roberto and I still date girls and we have had our share of action at school. Roberto loves having a cock in his ass when he is fucking someone or getting his cock sucked. Michael is strictly gay although Roberto and I have been working on him to become bi," Wally explained.

"I don't believe what I am hearing. Are you fucking your roommates?"

"Yes, I fucked Roberto when he is fucking Michael or Michael is sucking Roberto's cock. I fucked Michael too and Michael blows me as well. I have learned that when it comes to oral and anal sex, it's not that different with a guy. At least with gays like Michael and Benji who are effeminate and cute," Wally told his stepmom.

"Who is Benji?"

"He is Michael's friend and sometimes he joins us for a foursome."

"This is some school you go to," Gladys sighed.

"Hey, I'm getting good grades and having a great time."

"It sounds like it."

"Gladys, were you ever with another girl," Wally asked.

Gladys blushed and then admitted, "Yes in college. So I guess we have something in common."

They both laughed and just then Roberto and Michael entered the kitchen. Wally introduced them to his stepmother and then he made pancakes for everyone as Gladys and the boys got better acquainted. After breakfast the boys cleaned up the kitchen as Gladys got dressed to go out. She had some last minute items to pick up at the store. The three guys sat in the family room sipping coffee and talking. Of course the subject of sex came up.

"Wally, your stepmom is really hot. She is everything that you said she is," Roberto stated.

"She is an attractive woman," Michael observed.

"So now you know why I like having sex with her. She is a great lover too. I'm hoping that we can all make it with her before the weekend is over. I bet she would love it," Wally told them.

"Really, she wants to have group sex?" asked Roberto hopefully.

"I think that she'll go for it," Wally told them.

"Fuck your stepmother! No way I couldn't do that besides I have never fucked a pussy," Michael blurted out.

"You don't have to fuck her pussy, I'll do that. You guys can take her ass and her mouth. She loves it in the ass and she loves to suck cock," Wally explained.

Wally continued, "Michael you should learn to fuck women that way you can have sex with both guys and girls. Believe me you will love it on campus if you swing both ways. Roberto fucks girls in the ass and he likes it."

"Let's do it. Roberto you fuck my stepmom in the ass and Michael will fuck you in the ass. Then you will switch and I bet with a cock in your ass Michael, you will stay hard and fuck my stepmom."

"I don't know Wally your stepmom?" Michael questioned.

"You heard me, she loves it. I say we do it," Wally affirmed.

Wally smiled as it had gone better than he had planned. Wally then laid out the time and place for them to spring their surprise on Gladys. The stage was set. Gladys of course would know nothing of Wally's plan. 

"We will do it tonight in her room. You guys will come in while I'm fucking her. Make sure that your cocks are well lubed and ready to go," Wally explained 

That night Wally and Gladys were in her bed and Roberto and Michael were getting ready to join them. Wally lay on his back as Gladys began a slow descent from his lips to his cock. Soon she had Wally rock hard in her mouth. Wally turned around so that he could get to her pussy and he began to eat her as she sucked his cock.

"I am getting so hot," Gladys said. "I have to have your cock in me I am going to sit on your cock," she gasped.

Gladys straddled Wally's body and lowered herself onto his cock. She moaned as it filled her pussy and then began to slowly rock back and forth. It was obvious that she wanted this fuck to last for awhile. Wally cupped her ass as she rocked back and forth and then he began to play with her asshole. He grabbed the lotion near the bed and applied a generous amount to the crack in her buttocks. He pushed one then two fingers into her asshole as she continued to ride him. Wally could feel his own cock in her vagina through the thin membrane. Gladys was going wild with the double penetration and she humped him faster and faster. 

"Oh this is going to be a big one, hold me hold me," she pleaded.

Wally held her tightly as Gladys exploded with an intense orgasm. Gladys shook and moaned as she squirted her woman cum all over his cock. She collapsed on Wally's body as he continued to fuck her slowly. Wally looked over her shoulder and saw Roberto and Michael standing there naked and both sporting erections. They had entered the room while Gladys was cumming. Wally smiled and motioned to Roberto pointing to Gladys' ass. He nodded getting Wally's meaning. Wally nodded toward the lotion on the table and Roberto picked it up. He lathered up his cock with the lotion and then he moved toward the bed. Wally grabbed Gladys's buttocks and pulled them apart putting her asshole on full display. She was starting to get aroused again and resumed her movements on Wally's cock. Roberto knelt on the bed and aimed his dick at her asshole.

She stiffened when she felt the intrusion. "What the," she exclaimed!

"It's okay it's Roberto," Wally assured her.

Roberto eased his cock all the way into her ass and began fucking her. Soon they had a good rhythm going and they could feel each other's cock through the thin membrane separating them. All of this was too much for Michael and he lubed his cock with the lotion and knelt behind Roberto to fuck him in the ass.

"Wally we shouldn't being doing this!" Gladys cried out although she liked the double penetration. It had been awhile since she had two cocks in her and now it was happening again. The truth be known, she loved it.

"Michael is here too and right now he is in Roberto's ass fucking him as we fuck," Wally replied.

"Sweet mother of God," she exclaimed but she was not surprised from what Wally had told her earlier.

Their cocks were sliding in and out of Gladys in perfect harmony. As Wally slid out of her cunt Roberto filled her asshole. When Wally filled her pussy Roberto slid out of her ass and experienced Michael's cock penetrating his ass fully. Wally had the best vantage point and he could see the looks of ecstasy on their faces. Gladys was moaning and trembling with the double penetration and Roberto was in another world as he fucked and got fucked at the same time. Michael had a look of determination on his face as he pounded Roberto's ass.
