 *** Please read my earlier story "Steamer Party" to enjoy this story ***

Though Roma promised to take me to their swingers' party in my next visit, I didn't give much importance to her promise. Rather, her inexplicable behaviour of leaving me sad and abandoned in the Steamer Party made me suspicious. Did she talk about the Swingers' party under the influence of drink, or was it her fantasy? Either be true, there was no hope of getting such experience, though the curiosity of group sex was sown in my mind deeply. The darkest and dirtiest desires in our mind sometime prevailed over our rational thinking. Sometime we loved them to run helter-skelter defying logic. My mind also defied logic and despite my suspicion I started hoping faintly that something would happen in my next visit.

Believe me, my faint hope sprang into reality when Roma informed me that all arrangements were made for the first session of their small swingers' party during my visit to Germany in tens days' time. A deluge of ecstasy swept me unwarranted and my mind was under siege of excitement and fantasy till I reached Germany and met Roma.

"Hey handsome, welcome to Germany" she greeted me in their office and then whispered on my ears "Welcome to a new world of experience that awaits all of us. Come down to the coffee shop in the afternoon, I'll tell you more."

Whatever doubt I had in my mind vanished instantly. I started counting time to meet her in the afternoon. In fact, I couldn't concentrate on my work in the office till I met her in the coffee shop.

"Good news honey" her face was sparkling like a diamond, "We're meeting this Saturday, that's another four days' time. My hubby is going to France day after and will be back next Monday."

"That's a great news, Madam" I beamed to show my jubilation. Meanwhile, Roma went to bring coffee. Came back with two mugs with a lovely smile all over her face.

"Here is your coffee, Sir" she reciprocated my Madam with Sir, "Thank God, my hubby's German girl friend Ruth will be in Switzerland this weekend. So my hubby fixed up his France tour to join her in Switzerland over the weekend."

"How do you know?" I asked sipping my coffee.

"I just overheard when they were talking last week" she grinned, "Then I asked my hubby. He confirmed. Immediately I fixed our party this Saturday. Hein and Franz were very anxious to fix it as early as possible. So were their girl friends, Christine and Gabriela. I'm relieved."

"How?" I asked. 

"Firstly, our swinging partners are happy to ultimately fix a date after long wait" she exhaled a long breath, "And I'm happy that my hubby will enjoy Ruth when we all will swing to reach our ultimate in sexual pleasure."

Then she told that the meeting had been fixed about 70 km away from Cologne in a small town called Alfhausen. Hein's uncle had a villa over there. This remained vacant throughout the year, as Hein's uncle was settled in USA. 

The countdown started for all of us. Truly speaking I was so tensed that now and then I became absentminded in my work. My team members noticed it and one of them even asked me whether I was keeping well.

Anyway, unending countdown ultimately came to an end when Roma picked me up from my hotel on Saturday sharp at six in the evening and we drove to Alfhausen. We reached our destination before seven. The place was like any other German small town. Serene and beautiful. But the villa was splendid. It was on a hillock. All its three stories were so beautifully designed that each floor followed the slope of the hillock. First the basement and garage. The first floor with a beautiful entrance lobby, a huge living room, a dining room, a kitchen, a guest room and a few toilets. Then the second floor with an entrance lobby and a number of bedrooms with attached bath. One could reach each floor through hill road. But there was a staircase inside. It was simply mind blowing design. The huge living room had huge glass window across the room through which the entire town at the foothill was visible. Sitting there could give a feeling of sitting in a hill station. 

Hein and his French girl friend Christine (Chris) came in the afternoon and made all arrangement of food and drink. The other couple Franz and his Brazilian girl friend Gabriela (Gabby) reached just a few minutes before we reached. The ladies were looking awfully gorgeous in their dresses and sexy strappy high heeled shoes that went halfway up their calf. Among them Gabby was ravishingly attractive and any male would love to take her to bed. 

After initial introduction we took our preferred drinks and sat in the living room. Unanimously we felt proud that our group was truly international. We decided to include at least one new couple of different country having no experience in group sex from next session. Everybody felt that it would spice up our group sex activities.

"I know one Italian guy" Gabby gushed, "He has a beautiful Russian girl friend. The other day when I hinted about our activity, they showed immediate interest. Even wanted to join in this session."

"I'm surprised, the little girl is already doing our PR work" Franz teased his girlfriend. 

"Why are you teasing her?" Roma protested, "We all should do PR work to help our growth with more and more international couples. Now guys, let's start some serious discussion on the modalities of this evening session."

Everybody nodded to Roma's suggestion and felt, as we were totally new in this sex play, we must follow some rules to avoid pandemonium and injury. It was decided, after two drinks, we would take our dinner. Then would go for third drink and dance with others partners. This would free us from the last shackle of our remaining inhibition and nervousness in enjoying the party to its best. This might go up to nine o'clock. Then all of us would undress. Only ladies would be allowed to keep their strappy shoes. The swinging would continue till six morning. If people had stamina it might continue up to seven. On the question of how we would go about it, everybody was asked to give his/her opinion.

"I think, we should go first with swapping our partners" Hein gave his opinion first sipping his drink.

"Come on Hein" Roma protested vociferously, "We could do this in our Steamer parties, even in our house parties. Here we have come to enjoy group sex."

"Roma is correct" Franz and Chris spontaneously supported Roma.

"Then suggest something" Gabby looked at Roma eagerly. I was the only audience listening to their arguments.

"I think, we can try threesome. Let us make two groups of three each" Roma told with a conviction. It appeared, Roma had already made her home work in advance, "First group Guy-Guy-Girl, and second group Girl-Girl-Guy. After each round a girl of each group will be swapped so that all three guys enjoy all girls and all girls taste the cocks of all guys."

"Oh, that sounds fantastic" everybody okayed Roma's meticulous planning enthusiastically.

"But in the first round girl in the first group will be stranger to both guys" Roma sipped her drink, "This will ensure, the girls in the second group are strangers to the guy of their group. Now the question, one girl and one guy have to be selected to lead their respective groups. Either two of us can volunteer or we have to select through a toss."

"I'll love to take two guys" Gabby screamed jubilantly.

"No problem for me to take two girls at a time" Franz agreed to lead the second team.

"That is absolutely wonderful" Roma exclaimed, "After three rounds, the party will be thrown open to crazy play. All couples can indulge into any unruly swinging activity as they wish. But in the first three rounds, the duration of each round would be one and half hour."

"Don't put any time limit, Roma" Gabby promptly refuted Roma's time plan, "You don't know the stamina of Franz. He can fuck for hours. He may upset your time plan."

"Is it so, Franz?" Chris teased Franz, "I'm thrilled. Hein, are you listening?"

"Hum" his boyfriend Hein gasped, "Other may like my big size".

"Let's not talk about individual" Roma gave an angry look at Hein and Chris, "We have come here to get the pleasure of group sex where variety is the key word. Let's enjoy the variety."

Nobody dared to talk after Roma's dumper. Everybody tried to finish their first drinks quickly so that they could finish second to go for dinner as early as possible. After listening to Roma's meticulous plan everybody was excited to enjoy variety. 

As per her plan, me and Hein would take Gabby in first round, while Roma and Chris would be pleasured by Franz. Then in second round, Roma would join us, Gabby would go to second group. In third round Chris would join us, Roma would go back to second group.

Before nine o'clock we finished our dinner and took third round of drinks dancing with others' partners. I danced with Gabby, Hein danced with Roma and Franz danced with Chris. Now all of us were tipsy for entering into a new world of sexitement. We decided that we would undress our partners.

While dancing Gabby pulled off my shirt first, then trousers, finally my underclothes. Then I undressed her. We danced for some time naked. I planted some passionate kisses on her sexy lips, licked them, fondled her tits, sucked her nipples. She reciprocated with some hot sucking of my lips. Then she grabbed my rock hard cock and rubbed it in her pussy passionately. She groaned in pleasure. I realized, with all our inhibitions blown off, we were ready to sail in an unknown ocean of group sex. Hein joined me and Gabby and Chris joined Roma and Franz. 

Gabby pushed me on the floor, turned her back, knelt down on me keeping her two knees by the sides of my chest and leaned down to take my cock on her mouth. She swirled her tongue around it. Oh, what a heavenly feeling! Another woman licking my cock! A wave of extreme excitement danced down my spine. 

Gabby raised her ass upward whilst deep throating my cock. Hein wasted no time in putting his mouth on her hot pussy from behind and started licking, sucking, nibbling. I could see, his hungry tongue was frantically swirling in her clit, his wet lips were madly nibbling her pussy lips. Her pussy started juicing. A few drops fell on my mouth. Its taste was exotic. My body throbbed in ecstasy. What a sex! I never thought, sex could be so stimulating, so exciting.

Gabby's lovely breasts were swinging over my belly. I started fondling them. Teasing her nipples by nibbling them constantly. She groaned with delight.

From other side of the room loud groaning and moaning from Roma and Chris and Franz's continuous lewd conversations incited my passion to its peak. It appeared, Franz had straight gone to fuck Roma while Roma was sucking Chris's pussy. 

"Oh my God, What a fuck!" Roma was heard shrieking in ecstasy, "Franz, you've a beastly cock, drilling my pussy like a wild animal. I'm thrilled by your each beastly stroke. Fuck me, darling, fuck me harder. Ah… Ahhh.. Ahhhh.."

"You horny bitch" Franz screamed, "You're a whore. Your tight hot pussy is roasting my cock." 

"Oh Gosh, Roma, Franz is really fucking you hard" Chris moaned loudly, "I can see, his beastly glistening meat is steaming in and out of your thirsty pussy hungrily. Oh, what a sight! I never saw a cock fucking a pussy so closely. All your fucking juices are falling on my face and mouth. It's hot, it's tasty, it's exquisite." 

All these erotic conversations of the other group had been igniting the passion of our group. Particularly, that of Gabby, whose boyfriend Franz was pounding his cock into Roma's pussy with delight, her own pussy was under siege of Heinz's mouth, tongue and fingers, her tits and nipple were tortured by another stranger in me and she had in her mouth a stranger's cock.. Now I started realizing the beauty of a group sex. Whoever had said, ultimate of sexual pleasure was group sex, he was right. No other style could bring sexual pleasure to this height.  

Excited by Hein's tongue fucking her pussy and my fondling of her tits, Gabby bobbed her head up and down on my shaft, loving my throbbing cock in her mouth. I could feel a heavenly sensation on my cock.

"Oh Gabby, you're sucking my cock like an angel" I shrieked in rapture, "Where have learned such beautiful cock sucking?"

My erotic word ignited Gabby's lust into flame. Her cunt started juicing madly and dropping in my face. I opened my mouth to get every drop of her nectar. It's heavenly. 

Suddenly I could see, her body bucked like a wild animal and she crooned bobbing her mouth up and down on my cock. I knew, she reached a violent orgasm. Her pussy spurted a huge cum on Hein's ravishing mouth. Hein couldn't suck the entire cum. A lot of it spilled on my waiting mouth below from both sides of her pussy. I reached my climax. With a loud groan, I shot into her again and again, filling her mouth with hot streams of cum. She kept her lips tightly sealed around my cock not to allow any of my cum to escape. She guzzled every delightful drop of it greedily. She collapsed on my body.

After a few moment, she got up freeing me to sit. I saw, Franz was still slamming Roma's pussy with no sign of his climax. Gabby was true, he had beastly stamina. From the earlier heard groaning, I guessed, Roma had at least one wrenching orgasm and Chris had a couple.

Hein was tensed. Now he needed her cock to be caressed by Gabby, while I licked, nuzzled, sucked her pussy for her next climax. In no time we started our next round with more zeal.

Meanwhile, Franz spewed his hot load on Roma's cunt. Roma screamed like a wild animal, "Ah, Aah, Aaah, what a forceful ejaculation, Franz. Incredible, dear. It's really hot. It's burning my pussy."  

"Oh Gosh" Chris shrieked, "Franz, my whole face is flooded with your cum. It's hot. It's wonderful."

I guessed, Franz's load and Roma's cum were so huge that Roma's clit couldn't hold it. It gushed out of her pussy and fell on Chris's face just down below like a waterfall. They must have reached the peak of their pleasure. No other style of sex could take them to such peak. 

In very short time, Hein dumped a huge load in Gabby's mouth and I brought Gabby on the precipice of orgasm by fucking her pussy with my fingers, putting my tongue deep into her cunt, licking, sucking, nuzzling.

"Cum Gabby cum. Cum on my mouth. I'll suck you to dry" I screamed on top of my voice. Gabby reached her second orgasm and spewed thick cum on my mouth. I guzzled it with delight.

Meanwhile, my cock was on fire to fuck Gabby. So I lay down again. Gabby was quick enough to slide her heavily soaked pussy on my towering rock hard cock and her hot juicy pussy swallowed my cock up to the hilt. She fell on my body with her boobs on my chest. I immediately held her ass to pull her ass cheeks apart to help Hein to shove his cock into her asshole. Hein did it with perfection and immediately started slamming her asshole with his big cock. With each thrust going deep inside her asshole, her waist was coming down on my cock. Each time Hein was taking out his cock, she raised her waist. By alternating her waist movement up and down she was fucking my cock wonderfully. 

"Oh God, I can't imagine two cocks fucking me simultaneously" Gabby shrieked in extreme pleasure as two cocks persistently drilling her two orifices. Hein's swinging balls began to slap her ass globes making some erotic slapping sounds.

"Oh Gabby" I groaned in delight, "You're fucking me so well. I love to get fucked by you again and again".

"Oh dear, I never fucked an asshole" Hein cried, "I didn't know, ass fucking can be so delightful. I'm enjoying your asshole, baby. I'll soon fill it with my hot cum."

"Cum darling cum, cum on my asshole. Love to get cum from you both" Gabby whimpered in joy, "It'll be thrilling."

Very soon, Hein and me spurted our hot cum in her two orifices. Almost simultaneously. 

"You two are really hot" she moaned frantically, "I'm getting my life time orgasm. Ah, Aah, Aaah …". Her body began to shudder and she had her lifetime orgasm. 

The cum dumped on her asshole by Hein spilled out and started dripping on my balls. She closed her pussy lips as much as possible to hold my hot cum spewed on her clit But in a minute it gushed out and flooded my balls and soaked my ass. It was all mess. But what a pleasure! No other style of sex could trigger such ecstasy and rapture. 

We reversed our positions so that Hein could fuck Gabby's pussy and I could fuck her asshole. This was first time I fucked an asshole. It was extremely exciting. As Hein already lubricated her asshole with his cum, I could shove my cock with ease. Gabby enjoyed every bit of another round of double fucking and moaned and groaned with extreme pleasure. We all collapsed after we drained our cum in Gabby's throbbing orifices.

Meanwhile, Franz's extra-ordinary stamina upset our plan. We had to wait for sometime for Roma to join us in place of Gabby. But, later on I came to know that both Roma and Chris enjoyed every moment of Franz's extra-ordinary fucking and multiple climaxes rocked them by his nonstop brutal fucking.

When Roma joined our team, I was additionally thrilled, reason being the anticipation of realization of my incomplete desire of fucking her in the Streamer Party. Yes, when I fucked Roma in her fuck hole and asshole I got the extreme pleasure that I didn't get fucking Gabby and Chris.  

At the end of the stipulated ruled rounds, we were all exhausted and burnt out. We didn't know whether we could go for the crazy round when we could be unruly and could do whatever we liked.

After half an hour's rest and chatting, we regained our energy and began our crazy round. First we chose our partners and made a mock raping which the girls enjoyed thoroughly. Later we guys lined up, the girls masturbated our cocks. Gabby masturbated my cock, Roma did it for Hein and Chris did it for Franz. When we shot our cum they took it on their faces and boobs. Then we were forced to lick our semen from their faces and boobs. Our passionate licking thrilled them so much they moaned loudly and climaxed again. 

But by then we were so consumed, we stopped innovating more crazy ideas. So we called it a day and left it for our next meeting. It was almost six o'clock morning. We retired to our assigned bedroom upstairs with our own partners. 

Entering our bedroom, Roma joined me in taking a hot shower together in the attached bath. We were all in mess with abandoned semen and pussy juices all over our bodies. We enjoyed taking shower together and then went to bed.

"So darling" Roma spoke first, "Are you still angry with me?"

"I'm sorry Roma" my tone was apologetic, "But tell me, why were you so harsh on me after the Steamer party?"

She gave a passionate kiss on my cheek, "You know, one of my German friends once told me that no pleasure could match the pleasure you get having your panties flooded by your dancing partner while dancing in a public place. Since then I dreamt of it. I tried it with my hubby and later with a friend. But they didn't dare to do it. That day you realized my dream. I was so enthralled and consumed that I couldn't go further. Sorry, dear".

"No regret, honey" I confessed with a return kiss, "You had given back hundred times more today. It's my life time experience. You're absolutely right, only group sex can give the ultimate in sexual pleasure. Thank you."

"Next time we'll go for more crazy deals", Roma hugged me, "I promise."

I knew, she opened a flood gate of adventure for all of us and it would make us wanting more and more.

We slept up to ten o'clock and came back to Cologne by noon with a lingering memory of an extra-ordinary happening in our life.

I returned to India after a week. Told my wife about the group sex during a coitus. It aroused her passion. But later on she giggled and said, "Honey, you've now reached the peak of your imagination and fantasy." 
