 This is a Yahoo club that got together and co-wrote this story and hopefully many more!!

* * * * *

Jenny was 29 years old, blonde hair, blue eyes and had just gotten out of a boring relationship with tom. Tom was a great friend but did nothing for intimacy and jenny was looking for a bit more excitement in her life. She was conservative and cared what people thought but her views were quickly changing ever since she got her first computer and started using the internet. 

Jenny was a bit bashful and certainly would never purchase an adult magazine, however, the sex scenes on the net were free for the most part and nobody would ever know! She decided to look and see what was to her interest. Then thought to her self what exactly am i looking for? She never really sat back and thought of what it was she wanted from tom, much less find what she sought on the net. She asked herself what is it that turns me on? What exactly is my true fantasy? 

Jenny soon realized that there wasn't a whole lot out there for woman as far as “men sites”...unless you were homosexual that is. Jenny started looking up clubs. She couldn't believe how many clubs there were! She came across one that struck her eye.....the upstate ny hot spot- a place to view and trade pics. Did people really dare post pics of themselves, she wondered? She picked the crazy name of innocent bystander and apprehensively hit the join club button! She was surprised to see that people actually posted their photos online. What was shocking is that they are real people not just net pics. She thought about it and found it exciting to a degree. These people are your average people like me, hey they could even be my neighbor for all i know. Curiosity sunk in and she needed to know more about this life style. 

Apprehensively, she read the posts and looked at the pics displayed. She almost felt like a peeping tom but her adrenaline rush continued to increase. This was not like her to be so infatuated with a sexual thing but maybe that is why it unleashed itself so feverishly! She clicked on the links section and started clicking. Voyeurweb was amazing to her! All these people displaying themselves for all to see? Then she clicked on literotica. Jen had never seen writing such as this and after reading a couple stories in the new section she found herself a little short of breath and very turned on. She then wondered to herself if these writers really experienced these threesomes or gangbangs or if they were fiction? 

Being that she was new to the whole world of sexual adventure, jenny decided that she would contribute to her new found web club. But she couldn't possibly post pictures. That would be far too daring for someone so innocent. But the idea of a literary adventure made her tingle with anticipation. "what would the others in the club think"? Would it make them as sexually charged as the mere thought had made her? Jenny thought about it for awhile, then, on a particularly cold night, she got up the courage to start writing... All the while thinking in the back of her mind what it would be like to have her fantasies come to life... But it was much too soon for any of that. She was still too unsure of herself and her sexuality. 

Jenny began by thinking of what it might be like to meet some of the people in the club. How would it be likely to happen. Maybe jenny would have casual e-mail conversation with a few members first. Nothing sexual, just chatter about hobbies, background, work... Things like that... Small talk. After a few weeks of talking through e-mail and messenger services, jenny would most assuredly get up the courage to meet a few of these club members. After all, jenny soon realized that they are just normal people, not the perverts that she had originally feared. Arrangements were made to meet. She decided to meet two guys in a popular, fun setting. 

The phantom club in armory square in syracuse on a saturday night. Lots of action, dancing and other people around... Just in case jenny's first fears were right! At 10pm, jenny arrived at the club, looking around, wearing the black, clingy dress that she had agreed to in her correspondence. The two friends from the internet were there already, one was wearing a white turtleneck, jeans and a fleece vest. The second man was wearing jeans a casual band collar shirt and a leather jacket. Both were nice looking, obviously taking care of their appearance. After ordering a drink, and making introductions, the threesome danced for what seemed like hours and talked like friends who'd known each other for years. When the music got too loud, and they were looking for a way to wind down from all the dancing, the taller of the men, we'll call him steve, suggested heading across the street to happy endings for coffee and perhaps a pastry as a nightcap. 

Jenny was a bit apprehensive since it would be a smaller, more intimate setting but she really felt pretty comfortable at this point so she agreed. Steve helped her with her coat and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek, which she found quite tasteful. They headed across the street, which seemed an eternity since it was quite chilly out being in the middle of january. Jenny wasn't sure where this evening would end but she was having a better time than she thought. As they sat down both men sat across from jenny. They ordered coffee and donuts when one of the guys asked if they wanted to stay there or take it out to his place, only a couple blocks away? 

After a brief discussion, the three decided that none were tired, they were feeling comfortable with each other and that they could talk more easily and privately at brian's apartment. A few minutes walk and a lot of friendly chatter and laughing later, there they were, at the front door of a classic brownstone apartment nestled in the heart of a very trendy setting. 

The building had obviously been totally renovated and not an inexpensive place to live. This made jenny a little more at ease, since she had been wondering in the back of her mind what in the world she was doing! Once inside, the three shed their coats, and brian put on a pot of water for tea, and brewed some fresh coffee. Jenny and steve picked out some music. After searching the selections available, which were extensive and covered a broad spectrum of musical styles, it was decided that van morrison’s "the healing game" would set the tone for the evening. As the three new friends prepared coffee and tea in the small but very well appointed kitchen, the soulful sounds of the "fire in the belly" came on the cd player. 

Steve decided to take the chance, and took jenny's right hand, slipped his hand around her waist, and began to playfully dance with her. Surprising even herself, jenny didn't mind. She put her head on steve's shoulder, as they swayed gently to the sweet sound... "spring in my heart... Fire in my belly too...don't know just what to do... And i'm crazy 'bout you... You on your high flying cloud... You, and your laugh in your eyes... You, with your hidden surprise..." 

Brian watched for awhile, as they danced into the living room, the lights low, and the mood definitely right for the evening to go to places that the three had dreamed about, but never dared to go... 

Jenny was amazed that she was having such a good time and more amazed it was provided by the internet, of all things! The excitement of really not knowing what would happen was beginning to entice jenny to be more bold. She asked brian if he wanted to dance too or was he going to just stand around and be a drag? Brian immediately took the invitation to a higher level and took her by the hand, pulled her toward him and looked deep into her eyes. Without any warning brian kissed her passionately and then spun her around to the music.

Jenny knew he wasn't going to sit on the sidelines and she also knew her favorite fantasy could actually come true tonight if she so dared. Jenny had always fantasized about a threesome with two guys but she was brought up in a christian family and those thoughts were usually pushed aside for the better side of morality. As she danced with brian, steve came up from behind her and joined in making sure that as he rubbed against her back his hard on could be felt. This really excited jenny and she threw her head back onto steve's shoulder as all three of them seemed to become one with the music. 

As the cd changed to dido, and became more sensual and erotic, steve began tracing the curves of jenny's waist and hips with his hands. Swaying to the music, jenny gently kissed brian, sensually running her lithe tongue around his lips... Teasing him as he tried to nip at her flicking tongue. She reached her hands behind her to hold steve's hips, grinding his loins into her waiting body. Jenny was glad now that she had decided to wear the clingy black dress. It was sheer, yet not too revealing. At this moment, however, it revealed all the passion that had welled up inside of her. She was dripping wet. 

As jenny molded her body, now shuddering with anticipation of things to come into the two men whom she had barely known only a few hours earlier, the little black dress was riding up onto her hips, revealing her almost see through black lace bikini underwear. The moisture of her steaming pussy was damp on her thighs, and with the caressing that steve was doing in that area, jenny was sure he could feel her heat. As they seductively kissed, brian had begun to explore jenny's breasts, lightly squeezing them, tempting her granite hard nipples, now piercing the fabric of her dress. As the two men brought jenny to a place she had dreamed of many times... Passion without concern for anything but the moment... Wanting to release her pure animal instincts... She moaned in a deep guttural voice. Jenny was definitely beyond the point of no return. This would be a night of passion like none that she had ever experienced before. 

The strap on jenny's dress began to slide off her shoulder where brian helped to bring it down further. Jenny closed her eyes as the warmth and hunger from brian's mouth engulfed her breast and nipple. He teased her nipple with his teeth as steve played passionately with her still unexposed breast. Steve dropped the other strap to remove the barrier between his steaming hand and her on-fire desire! Her soul was on fire and her moans were enough to fuel any fire. Brian began to work his way down her body as he grabbed her thighs with both hands and embraced her dripping womanhood with his longing mouth. Jenny's body began to collapse as her moaning grew louder. 

Steve and brian were right there with her. As jenny began pulling at steve's belt, and unzipping his now straining jeans, brian was engulfed in jenny's sweet steamy juices. His tongue was now deep inside of her.. His nose working it's magic on her now inflamed clit. The musky smell of sex pervaded the room. This was going to be a night to remember. 

As jenny collapsed onto the sofa, steve was guided above her waiting mouth. Brian continued to lap at her womanhood with the a desire that spoke volumes about his lust, while jenny took control of steve... Teasing the tip of his member with the flicks of her tongue as her supple fingers gently but authoritatively rolled his balls, making him even more aroused. Steve noticed that brian was working jenny's panties down past her muscular thighs... Her perfectly shaped knees and calves... Eventually sliding them over her delicate ankles and the most beautiful feet he had ever seen... Perfectly manicured, begging for attention... How steve longed to be the one to give them the respect and attention that would drive jenny into an orgasmic frenzy... Brian's long, full tongue was penetrating deep inside of jenny, and with each thrust, she let out a faint yelp. Jenny could not believe what she was doing, or how natural and "right" it felt. 

Although brought up a devout christian girl, she was thoroughly enjoying her raw, forbidden sexual womanhood... Controlling two men at the same time, and being gratified beyond her dreams too. Her passions had taken control and she was now bucking her hips toward brian’s waiting face as she held him firmly in place with her supple, toned legs. Jenny was super sensitive to brian's every move. And what moves they were! He was teasing her clit with each buck of jenny's hips... Lapping up the sweet tasting juices that flowed for jenny's pussy as they ran down his chin, and moistened jenny's inner thighs. 

Jenny’s clit was throbbing... Engorged and almost in pain. It was a good pain though, one that jenny had longed to feel for a long time now, a feeling of a deep rooted orgasm welling up inside of her. Jenny was flushed, and felt an overriding warmth rush through her, making her entire body tingle. As jenny tensed in anticipation, she took hold of brian's hair and pulled him tight up against her hot, wet pussy, her hips grinding against his face. Oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh gooooooodddddddddd!!!!!! Jenny screamed at the top of her lungs.... Fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!! As the spasms going through jenny's body shook he to her very soul, she understood what a truly spiritual experience making love can be. As the shudders subsided in jenny's body, she knew only one thing... She wanted more... 

Jenny laid on the table her legs open. She feels the head of his cock beginning to open her pussy. Steve began sucking harder on her nipples adding little bites every few seconds. She felt the head of brian’s cock enter, the ridge of the head causing ripples of pleasure through her body. He stopped and pulled it back out then entered again, just until the head was inside of her. Back and forth he moved. Jenny's body began to quiver from the excitement. Steve's cock touched her lips and the taste of precum was too much for her. She opened her mouth and began to suck his cock into her. 

Jenny, with a cock in her mouth and in her pussy was shocked at how good it all felt. The christian school girl was no longer, yet she felt so liberated! Brian couldn't hold out any longer and finally stuffed her full of his throbbing cock. Jenny moaned loudly which sent steve into pure heaven with the vibration wrapped around his cock. Brian began pumping feverishly. 

It was obvious by brian's trusting and grunting that he was soon to fill jenny with his seed. Steve had other ideas!

"hang on, man!" steve cajoled. Let's make her beg for it! Brian liked the idea, steve suggested that perhaps more teasing was in order. With that, brian withdrew from jenny's steamy slit, and teased her clit with the tip of his thick 9 inches. "wanna try a double" steve asked? Brian looked approvingly. Jenny didn't seem to mind either, as she instinctively made her way to her hands and knees, straddling brian and his still throbbing cock.

Jenny had been so wet for so long that her ass was nicely lubricated, making it easy for steve to massage his way to inserting first one finger, then two... Finally three fingers inside of jenny... Pumping her ass. Jenny at first wasn't sure about this activity, but the deeper steve finger-fucked jenny's ass, the more she wanted it. More than that, she wanted to feel steve thrust his 7 inches into her ass, and fill her with his hot load. 

Steve grabbed the throw blanket that was on the chair and laid it down on the floor. He turned to jenny and started sucking on her breasts as brian fondled her clit from behind. She was just about to cum again as they both stopped and guided her to the floor. 

Brian laid down first and helped jenny on top of him as they kissed. She slid effortlessly onto his slick shaft and he felt so damn good! She wasn't sure if she could do this anticipated act as she started to get a bit nervous. Steve, using her already wet pussy lubricated her ass in circular motions with the tip of his finger as jenny started to slide back onto his finger. 

As jenny slid over steve's finger, she was massaging brian's stiff, engorged member. All brian could think of was how tight and hot jenny was, and how reserved she seemed just a few hours earlier. Now, with her tight black mini-dress tossed aside, and two men bringing her to climax after climax... Jenny was living out her own fantasy, and fulfilling the deepest desires of her two new friends. 

Steve was caressing jenny's now well lubricated asshole with his tongue. Jenny was pressing hard against steve, driving his waiting face and tongue as deep inside of her as she could. Brian was bucking against her hips and clit as jenny moaned with pleasure. She felt an ache in her nipples as their hardness pressed into brian's chest. They felt like red hot bullets. Jenny couldn't believe how good it felt to be controlled by these two men. She was at their mercy... And loving it... 

As jenny bucked against brian, she started to feel the head of steve’s cock pushing against her asshole… yes, yes, yes. Steve inserted the head of his now granite cock into jenny’s waiting ass as she gasps for air. The whole feeling is starting to overwhelm her with excitement. She bucked wildly. Steve reached around and started to massage both her nipples. Jenny now had both holes filled. And was in sex heaven. Both holes filled to max, hands pinching and rubbing her breasts and nipples, her body trembling. She is panting for air both men moan as jenny is satisfied them and they were definitely satisfying her. 

Jenny screamed in ecstasy as all three cum together. As they unwind and come down jenny realized that this was what she always wanted to experience, and she was not about to let this moment end to soon. With that in mind she warned that these guys were not done yet. “you guys had the lead for round one, now its my turn to take control”. 

Steve and brian smiled with anticipation. Jenny was going to rock their world and they couldn’t wait.