 It had been a couple of months since Kathy had received a good gangbanging, the last being when in Germany on a four day trip and she was moaning to me about it. Over this time she had had a few quickies in various places when out with her friends, but nothing that satisfied her like a good gang fucking. I entertain this idea as well because nothing turned me on more to see my wife Act the slut and being taken by other men, or for her to tell me about it afterwards as I am adding my cum to the other men's still inside her or over her. She seemed to love being treated like the slut.

Anyway we eventually decided to go to an adult theatre over in the next town that we knew of. Kathy dressed that night for the kill. She wore black stiletto heels and black fishnet stockings and suspenders. She wore a black g-string made of shiny latex and a matching latex bra. Over this she wore black tight mini-skirt and a classic black tight top that started just above her navel. It was low-cut and exposed a lot of cleavage. Dark makeup and ruby red lipstick finished it off. I told her she looked very sluttish and she just smiled saying that that was exactly the look she was going for then she winked at me.

We headed off to the town in the car, and after about half an hour's drive arrived at the theatre which was in the more seedy part of the town. We parked, and walked up to the entrance and paid our entry fee. It was a little more Expensive than we had expected, but we were assured by the ticket collector, that the fee was worth it.

We entered through the doors and into the parlour. There were stairs leading up To our right apparently leading to the main theatre, several doors leading off To the video-viewing booths and strip-tease booths. An adult shop was open to Our left. There were also private rooms available for private parties. Firstly We walked up the stairs to the movie theatre.

As we entered, we paused and allowed our eyes to become adjusted to the light; The theatre was quite full. On the screen was a porno-film where a well-endowed Blonde was being ridden by a well-hung man while she sucked on another's swollen Member. We could see one woman near the front of the theatre, her blouse had been torn open and several men were groping her body.

They laid her down on the ground and tore off her skirt. One man inserted his cock into her pussy as two others held her legs apart. She just groaned in pleasure as she was ridden. Other men sat alone in the theatre, apparently rubbing themselves off at the film on the screen and the action going on all around them. Several men were staring up at Kathy from where we stood. Three men began to wander over to our direction. 

"I want undivided attention," Kathy said smiling at them. "Where can we go?"

"Follow me," one of them said, smiling and he winked at his two friends. 

His eyes were glued on Kathy's tits. He walked up the stairs and led us out of the theatre. The other two stayed where they were. We followed him down the stairs and off towards the private rooms. 

"This one's empty," he said, opening the door to a large darkly-lit room.

It was decorated bondage-style with a metal table over to one side and four large metal poles at each corner. 

"I want lots of undivided attention," Kathy said, smiling sexily at the man.

"Wait. Be patient," he said.

Shortly afterwards the door opened again and men began piling into the room. It was nearly filled with about two dozen or more men and Kathy was the only female! I looked at her but she didn't even appear nervous.

"That's more like it," she said, grinning.

The men moved into a kind of semi-circle around her and she began to dance around them. She moved up to one of the men and asked him to take off her top. The man complied and she danced back into the centre of the room. She then moved over to another man and rubbed her pert ass up against his thigh and as she did so she peeled off her skirt.

The men's eyes were all glued to Kathy's body as she moved around the room; one predominant thought seemed to be on their minds. She then unclipped her bra revealing her breasts, her nipples hard and erect. She looked so sluttish dancing up to the men, wearing only black heels, fishnet stockings, suspenders, and a black-latex g-string. 

She moved to the centre of the room again and bent right over, showing off her beautiful ass. The line of the g-string barely concealed her shaven cunt! She brought her hands up and over her ass and then began gently caressing her cunt through the latex. She then slapped her ass hard with her hand. 

"Show us your cunt, slut!" One of the men shouted out. Languorously

Kathy smiled and pulled the g-string off her hips and down her legs exposing her soaking cunt. She stood back upright and moved over to him. She stood in front of him and reached out and began to caress his cock through his trousers. She then knelt down and unzipped his pants exposing his hard cock. She began to lick the head gently and sucked his balls while rubbing the shaft up and down. Another man grabbed her head and pushed her mouth down over the cock:

"Take it all in slut. Don't tease." The man commanded.

She ended up being forced to take the whole thing down her throat. 

"Fuck her mouth," another man said,

The man began to drive his hips, slamming his cock in and out of her mouth, his balls whacking against her chin. Kathy was groaning at the effort of deep-throating the cock. Suddenly the man pulled out of her mouth and pumped his cock in his fist. Come jetted out from its head in spurts and landed in Kathy's awaiting mouth. The man then pushed his still-spurting cock back into her mouth, forcing her to take it all down, as his cock convulsed and sprayed its last against the back of her throat.

Finally he was spent. Kathy stood up, cum was dripping down her chin and onto her tits. She just smiled and rubbed the cum over her tits until they glistened, her mouth open in ecstasy. My 42 year old naked wife was now being what she was best, a cum loving slut. 

"The slut loves cum," I told them.

"Suck me, bitch," another man said.

The young guys were loving it. I heard one say that the slut must have been as old as his mum, and he couldn't wait to shove his cock up the old slag's ass. His mate said if it was his mum, he bet he would fuck the ass of her as well.

The man took out his huge, swollen cock and began to rub it. Kathy moved over to him and knelt down to suck it. She began by licking up the pre-cum glistening on its head before taking it into her mouth. The man groaned in pleasure as he watched.

Other men began to move in. One grabbed her head and began to force her again into deep-throating the man's cock. He was much bigger than the other man which made Kathy gag as it was forced down her throat. As she pulled away a man behind her slapped her ass hard with his hand.

"Take it you slut," the man who slapped her said tersely. 

The man then pushed his cock back into her mouth harder this time, pulling her head down over it. Her lips were tightly splayed around the huge cock but finally she took it all in. Several others knelt beside her and began to squeeze her tits roughly, pulling at her nipples and rubbing them briskly.

"Swallow that cock," they began saying.

"Let it's cum slide down your throat," another voice added.

The man behind her slapped her ass hard again, which made Kathy groan, this time in pleasure.

"The slut's enjoying it!" The man said. 

He slapped her naked ass again and then spread her cheeks giving everyone in the room a clear view of her tight puckered asshole and her gushy wet cunt.

The man then undid his pants pulling out his hard member.

"We'll give the slut a night to remember." He said. 

He pushed his cock into her tight cunt, her juices making it slide in easily. He began to ride her without mercy, banging against her ass relentlessly. Kathy began to gyrate against the thick cock in her cunt, groaning as she deep-throated the other man. The man who was getting the head then pulled out of Kathy's mouth.

"Cum all over the slut's face," someone said. 

"Jack me off in your face," the man then ordered. Kathy was hesitant but someone gave her ass another hard slap and she reached out to grab it. She began to rub it faster and faster.

"Open your mouth bitch," the man said and then came;

His hot sticky cum splattering over Kathy's face and landing in her mouth. She licked the salty cum from her lips and chin. The men all saw her do it and she looked up at them smiling, 

"Mmmmmmmmmm, I love to eat cum"

Kathy was playing the perfect part of a man's fantasy slut. The man behind her was nearing climax, he suddenly grunted and the others held Kathy's hips as he came with his dick shoved deep inside her pussy. She took his cock and licked it clean then his balls and finally along his ass, poking her tongue up into his ass hole. "Fucking hell, look at her licking his ass," a man in the front shouted.

"Bring her over here," someone said,

I looked towards the voice and saw a guy standing over near four large metal poles mounted with heavy stands. Someone retrieved some rope from a corner and some others moved the large metal poles into the centre of the room. Kathy was stood up and led to the poles. 

"Tie her arms," one said.

Kathy was pulled down onto the table face up. Rope was tied around each of her wrists and her legs were bound to each of the metal poles. 

The men then moved the poles apart until her legs were stretched wide open, revealing her wet cunt which dripped cum down her legs. Kathy smiled as she knew what she was about to receive and was looking forward to it. The two men who were holding the rope connected to her wrists then pulled them behind her head and tied them to the remaining two poles,

Kathy was now tied in a spread-eagled position across the table, with her ass over hanging slightly. 

"Look at her cunt - it's just begging to be fucked," someone commented.

"THEN FUCK IT, YOU BASTARDS, ALL OF YOU FUCK MY HOLES NOW," Kathy shouted at them. 

She was a slut there for their taking. One man moved in front of her, yanked her head sideways by her hair and pushed his cock into her mouth. Kathy was far from tired and sucked on it like there was no tomorrow. The man came quickly inside her mouth and another took his place.

Soon there were two or three men taking turns fucking her mouth. They fought over who would be next. They finally undid the ropes holding her arms so that she could rub two cocks while one fucked her mouth. Two of them lifted up her head and came at the same time, filling Kathy's mouth with their hot cum. Soon her face and her hair was entirely covered with cum but she just kept going.

Behind her men had lined up waiting to fuck her cunt. The first man's cock was huge. As he pushed it into Kathy's cunt she groaned out loud.

"Shut up and take it slut," the man said and he began to slap her tits in unison with his prodding.

Gradually his cock eased into her pussy until his whole 13 inches was deep inside her. He then began to pound her into oblivion while some men held her cheeks apart. They then began to rub her asshole with their fingers, Kathy was moaning when her mouth was empty of cocks, as they probed her ass with their fingers while the huge cock pounded her pussy.

"OH GOD, I'M CUMMING, YES, YES, FUCK ME HARDER, III'MMMMMMM CCCCUUUUUMMMMMIIINNNGGGGG, UHHHH, UHHHH, YESSS, YESSS. CUM IN ME YOU BASTARD, FILL MY CUNT WITH YOUR CUM," Kathy screamed at him.

He groaned, and rammed his cock in her as hard as he could, empting his load deep into her cunt then withdrawing and shooting another load over her stomach and tits.

She loved the feeling of being completely helpless, unable to do anything with her legs tied to the poles as she was taken by multiple men and treated like a slut. The first man came and another took over. All the while her tits were being mauled and slapped. Her nipples pulled and twisted. 

Each time a man came in her, he would then move to Kathy's head where she would lick and suck him clean. Sucking his balls and then along to their ass where she would lick and probe with her tongue, giving all the men a good rimming.

After nearly all the men had had their fill of her, they untied her bonds. She Looked like a perfect slut, face and body covered with cum. A few of the men had left after having fucked Kathy but most remained and they wanted their turn.

"Make them take my ass and cunt," she said at me. 

I moved over to the table where Kathy was still lay, legs apart, her gaping dripping cunt on view to every one and pulled her off. I turned her over and bent her over it. One man got walked over to the table and two others followed him. I told Kathy to pull her ass cheeks apart, which she did.

"Come on then guys, the whore wants her ass gangbanged now.

"Fuck my ass!" She said, spreading her cheeks at the men, "Please someone push your cock into my tight ass hole." 

One of the men quickly complied, leaping up to the table. He positioned the head of his cock against Kathy's tight ass, as she spread her cheeks, opening her asshole slightly. He shoved his cock hard into her. Kathy, cried out as he rammed in, withdrew, and rammed in to the hilt again. His balls slapping the cheeks of her ass. 

This went on for quite a while as the men formed a queue to fuck Kathy's ass. After about ten or so men had reamed out her ass, one man shouted,

"Let's see how many cocks the slut whore can take."

Kathy was roughly pulled away from the table and one of the men climbed up and lay on it. Kathy was lifted back up and onto the large cock which now slipped in easily into her enlarged cunt. She was then bent forward and another cock slid into her well used ass hole as yet another two were pushed into her mouth. Her hands were wrapped around two more cocks.

"Oh god!" Kathy gasped, in between sucking cock, as she was taken by all the cocks at the same time.

This was her favourite position when in her sluttish role. She began to ride around, gyrating her hips in a lusty motion, grinding down on the cocks as one slid in and out of her cunt and the other fucked her deep in the ass. Another two men came around to the front of her and pulled out their cocks as the two fucking her mouth came, shooting their sticky fluid down her throat and over her face and hair. Kathy grabbed them and thrust them into her mouth groaning. The two fucking her ass and cunt both shot their loads as the two she was wanking came over her arms and back.

"The sluts taken six cocks at once and still wants more!" shouted a voice in the crowd.

"YES, GIVE ME MORE COCK, FUCK ME SENSELESS, USE MY WHORES BODY, ABUSE THIS SLUT," Kathy shouted at the men.

All the other men watched, rubbing their cocks as the men fucked her relentlessly. Two more men soon came and slid out from under and on top of her and more took their place. I was holding up my erect cock that was screaming out to cum ready to take my turn with this slag.

Kathy rubbed her clit over them and then slid down over it, she groaned again as another found its way up her ass. They then began to alternate rhythms, she would grind her pussy down over one cock and the man fucking her ass would pull out slightly, and vice versa. Kathy loved this method; it made her feel like a slut getting a really good solid fucking.

At one stage the man fucking her ass pulled out and forced his cock into Kathy's cunt so they were both banging her cunt at the same time stretching it wide before ramming it back into her ass again.

She kept her tempo going the whole time and soon you could see that everyone was near the edge. The rhythm suddenly sped up. The men getting blown were soon thrusting their cocks in and out of her mouth in a blur and pulling her hair. Both the other cocks were banging into Kathy simultaneously. Her red tits were being mauled and pulled mercilessly as they did so. Her hands were working fast on the cocks they grasped.

Suddenly the men fucking Kathy's mouth began to come again. Kathy grabbed their cocks and milked them into her mouth using hard strong strokes which sent a torrent of cum down her throat. The other man pulled out of her ass and spread her puckered asshole wide open. He then came splattering his load all over her ass-cheeks. He then pushed the head of his cock against her opened asshole and shot the last of his come into her. The other pulled out of her cunt pushed her off the table onto all-fours.

She realised what he was going to do and smiled sexily at me. He then pushed his cock into her asshole. It slid in easily because it was lubed with all the other men's cum. He then pounded her until he finally came with his cock buried to the hilt in her ass, his cum filling her insides.

The other two men then moved towards her and brought themselves off spraying her body with long wet streams. Lots more of the men then decided to double fuck Kathy's cunt. Every body there loved seeing her cunt stretched and watch how it made her suck harder on the cocks she was sucking as they both thrust into her sloppy cunt at the same time. 

Finally, all the men had fucked her holes or wanked over her.

"I think the slut needs a good thrashing now," one man said. "Do you want a good thrashing; have your worthless body punished." He said.

Kathy did not answer.

"WELL DO YOU SLUT," he growled at her as he slapped her ass hard.

"Yes I do, whip my ass, tits and my cum filled cunt for being such a cum slut," Kathy replied. 

"Tie the cum slut between the posts," he said to a few men.

Kathy was dragged over and pulled up by her tits. Her wrists were tied to the posts, and then her legs were pulled apart wide and also tied. She was now fastened standing spread-eagled between the two posts. She looked so sluttish tied between those posts in just stockings and high heels, dripping cum from her cunt in front of all these men and waiting to receive a good punishing.

The man walked over to her and thrust his fingers and then his hand up to his wrist into Kathy's cunt. She groaned and arched her back, straining against the ropes. 

"Fucking hell guys, this whore really has got a big cunt, it must have taken a lot of cocks up it over the years," he said.

Kathy moaned.

"Well has it been fucked by a lot of cocks, slut, he said again to Kathy as he continued to fist her.

"Yes, fucking hundreds have shagged me, as well as all sorts of objects have been shoved up my cunt," she gasped at him.

Every body cheered at this remark. 

"I bet your happy to have any cock fucking you now at your age, hey slag. He continued. 

"Oh Yes, any cock, young or old, Kathy replied.

The man took off his belt and laid it across Kathy's ass. She cried out as the leather made a loud crack across her bare flesh. Another, then another rained down. Other men were taking their turns, Kathy's ass cheeks were now bright red.

"Thrash the whore's front," somebody shouted.

A couple of men went around and grinned at her. 

"We're going to give your tits and big cunt a thrashing now, you fucking slag," One of them said close to Kathy's face, then spat in it.

The spit mingled with the cum running down her cheeks.

The belt came down again. Kathy cried out as it struck across her tits. Her nipples stood up large and erect. Then it struck across her shaven pubic area, curling down over her open cunt catching her clit. Cum splashed out around the leather. Kathy's naked wretched used body writhed and contorted with every crack of the belt.

"Look how it makes the filthy cunt cum," one of the men said as Kathy cum loudly.

They all laughed.

They now alternated between each other. As one whacked her ass, another was laid across her tits, then that was followed closely by another aimed at her cunt. Kathy strained against the ropes, squirming with each lash, crying out with the pain and the violent orgasms she was having
