 My boyfriend and I have always had an adventurous sex life and talked about involving other people in our sex life, but until recently we had never acted on it. All that changed when my friend Hannah called me to go out for a drink to celebrate her graduation.

I hadn't been on a girly night for months so I jumped at the chance as soon as she suggested it, I squared it with Steve my boyfriend to make sure he had no plans and began to get ready. Now when I go out I love to dress to impress myself and others, so I pulled out my little red dress that just about contained my boobs and stopped quarter of the way down my thighs, to accompany it I chose a pair of black hold ups with a deep lace top (I always go commando).

"How do I look" I said to Steve as I rolled my last stocking over my toes and past my delicate ankle and sleek calf and up to my firm thighs. One look at the wicked grin on his face and the bulge in his jeans gave me the answer I needed. I stood up and straightened my dress a tiny glimpse of my stocking tops just visible then slipped on a pair of my highest heels making my legs look even longer after all a girl has to make the most of her best assets.

As I walked past Steve he reached out and pulled me to him pressing his body firmly against mine I could feel his cock pushing hard against me.

"Want it" he said as he kissed me 

"I don't have time" I said reluctantly as I love the feel of his cock buried deep in my throat before I slide it into my moist pussy or tight ass.

I heard the beep of the taxi gave him a deep kiss and walked to the front door lifting the back of my dress to give him a view of my bare cheeks and stocking tops. 

I met Hannah in a bar which was quite quiet for a Thursday evening we got in our first round and sat down at a table in the corner to catch up of the recent events of each others lives.  We finished our first drinks relatively quickly and Hannah decided we needed more so I decided to go to the toilet whilst she went to the bar for another round.

When I came back Hannah was sat at our table with a group of 4 guys none of which were remotely attractive. Now Hannah has been married for a year to very nice girl but it doesn't stop her flirting with men and getting into trouble. I looked at her with an expression that asked her what was she up to and she just winked back.

"Jess this is Dan, Scott, Ben and John" she pointed to them individually as Scott and Ben made room for me between them. We started chatting and drinking more heavily with the guys supplying u s with drink. It wasn't long before things became a bit heated stuck in between Scott and Ben who had decided to start stoking my nylon clad thighs at first I resisted and was quick to brush them away but it only made them more persistent and encouraged them to push my dress up further till I was revealing the delicate lace of my stockings and a hint of my moistening snatch glistening under the dim lights.

All for men stared intently at my hot sex with huge smiles on their faces. I saw Hannah whispering to Dan and then she suggested we all go back to his place for a few more drinks. Not being one to let my best friend down I agreed and we quickly left in a taxi where I watched Hannah teasing Johns cock through his trousers as Dan rubbed her naked pussy whilst Scott, Ben and I sat opposite them watching in between trying to fight of the lips of the two men but occasionally I would let a tongue slip past my tight guard and explore my mouth before pushing them away.

It was only a short journey before we got back to Dan's house, Ben fetched every one a few drinks and put on some music. Scott took hold of my hand and dragged me up to dance as he pressed in close to me I could feel his cock rising as he held me tightly against him and his lips pressed against mine I parted them allowing our tongues to meet thinking briefly of Steve at home and how he would be waiting for me.

"See I told you she was a horny little whore" I heard Hannah chirp from the corner the room "she will do anything you want" I was to far gone to care anymore as I felt another body press up behind me I was now sandwiched between to strange men with rock hard dicks pressed against my ass and shaved mound. I felt hands' moving behind me as my dress was unzipped and dropped to the floor leaving me standing there in my heels and nylons which were now damp from my juices. 

Then Scott and Dan (who had been the other guy dancing behind) me now stepped back so that everyone was staring at me. I stood there and listened as they eyed me up their cocks throbbing in their trousers one by one the stripped off unleashing their ragging hard ones for me to see. Dan, Ben and John had nothing special just your average run of the mill rod but Scott's was something else he was the most unattractive of the bunch but his cock was something else it looked like it should be attached to a horse and have had fists with less girth.

"Ruin the little bitch then" Hannah commanded and Dan and Ben moved in on me I knew as soon as the gripped hold of my arms they weren't here for soft loving sex they wanted to use me like a toy till I couldn't walk. They yanked on my arms forcing me to my knees and straight away I was presented with Johns dick in my face not even taking a second thought I opened my mouth and let it slide in, now I am an expert at deep throating so after a few short thrusts I opened my throat fully and took him down all the way.  He needed no further encouragement and started to fuck my pretty little mouth hard and fast his balls slapping against my chin no sooner had he started fucking me I felt him tense up as he pushed his cock as deep into my throat as he could and shot his salty load down it. 

As soon as John had slid his cock out of my mouth Dan pushed me on to my hands and knees and replaced John in my mouth he franticly slammed into me as Ben moved Behind I felt his cock nudging at my slick cunt and I pushed back just enough to slid the head of his cock into me he took hold of my hips and took no time in laying waste to my once faithful hole. I was being spit roasted so hard that my eyes rolled in my head every time they thrust into my pussy and mouth, as I started to realease muffled moans I heard the click of a camera and looked out the corner of my eye. Hannah was using her phone to take pictures of my slutty behaviour whilst friging her swollen clit unable to move due to the two cocks in me I looked at her with a stunned expression.

"I am going to send Steve every single photo I take of you just so he knows what type of whore he's marrying" she laughed she continued to take pictures with one hand the other never leaving the her cunt. Dan and Ben continued to fuck me from both ends in unison and I could tell they were nearing the end. Ben let go first letting out a guttural moan as he emptied his balls deep in my bitch then as he pulled out Dan removed his cock from my mouth got behind me and just managed to push his cock in before he blew his load to mix with his mates.

Scott who Had been watching everything and teasing his cock at the same time now stepped forwards and knelt behind me I felt him run the full length of his enormous shaft up my dripping slit before he rammed it into me making me scream as he sunk his entire length in. He didn't wait for me to get used to the size and started drilling into my well used cunt pushing his engorged shaft deep inside me. With each thrust my body shuddered and I let out a small whimper, I bit my bottom lip as he began to quicken his pace pulling all the way out before slamming back down into my cunt stretching it around his pulsating slab of meat. He fucked me for what seemed like an eternity, but I was in no hurry for him to stop as he brought me to cum three times soaking the floor beneath me. My new lover gripped my hips tighter and delivered several pelvis shattering thrusts before burying his member so deep inside my sore and swollen pussy that imagined it coming out of my mouth and with a throaty groan he delivered his potent load. 

He pulled out after he'd made sure there was nothing left and presented his cock for me to suck clean before retiring to the kitchen with the other 3 men. Hannah called a taxi as I straightened myself up.

I slumped into the taxi as Hannah waved me off informing me that she was getting a lift home from one of the guys and that she had sent every pic and two videos to Steve. As the taxi pulled up to the front of the house I felt my cunt burning as it oozed cum and my stomach sink as saw Steve standing in the door arms crossed. I approached him slowly, he stepped back to allow me into the house and closed the door behind me then pushed me up against it his lips pressed to mine as our lips parted and his hand reached between my legs to explore my sticky swollen hole. It turns out that Steve had asked Hannah to bring out the slut in me and send him the pics. Sadly we my cunt was in no fit state to be fucked so he settled for a blowjob. I met up with Scott four times after that night but sadly he has moved away to take up a new job which has left me to find other ways to unleash my inner whore.