  This is our first attempt at a story and we really hope you enjoy it. It would have never been published without the help of our wonderfully patient and helpful editor, SexyGeek, who we owe our sincerest thanks! Please give us feedback as we would love to hear what you think of our fantasy. 

CANDA

*

I was on my knees, putting away the kick pads after my husband Chuck's Krav Maga class when his instructor, Mark, came up and stood right in front of me. I just couldn't help but feel flustered by his standing so close. Mark is a big black guy and is so hot, it looked like his dick was hard, and he was giving me a lustful look. My mind wandered for a moment to my favorite fantasy, being fucked long and hard by a well hung black man, and then I heard Chuck come up behind me. My attention snapped back first to Marks dick in front of me, and then to Chuck, worrying what he was thinking.

I heard Chuck ask me, "See something you like?" I almost choked with embarrassment when I realized Chuck and Mark had caught me looking at Mark's cock. 

Mark then stated, "It looks as if she does. The real question is does she have the guts to do anything about it?" 

Mark's comment turned me as red as a tomato, but something came over me and almost unconsciously I took my hand and ran it over his shaft through his thin uniform. His dick felt as big and as thick as I had fantasized it was. I looked up and saw Mark smile, which really got a tingle started between my legs. I slowly ran my hand back over the length of his cock and felt it grow bigger. All I remember thinking was, "OMG, this is really going to happen, my big black dick fantasy is going to come true. And the man is huge!"

I slowly undid the drawstring of Mark's karate uniform and they quietly dropped to the floor revealing a pair of white shorts that barely restraining a throbbing hard on that must have been 11 inches long. I am pretty sure I let out a small whimper at that point, thinking about what was to come. 

Just then I felt Chuck come up behind me. He ran his hands up my back and asked, "Now what do you plan to do with two cocks that are eager to please you?" His question was music to my ears! 

Mark made eye contact with me as I slowly pulled his shorts down and then got my first look at his dick. Behind that thin white fabric was a big and beautiful mass of dark meat. It had a small drop of pre-cum dripping from the tip, which I just couldn't help but lick up. Damn, it tasted yummy! I slowly licked up and down Mark's shaft while I cupped his balls softly at the same time. I could feel his bulging veins against my tongue and I fantasized about what kind of pleasure that big shaft was going to cause me pretty soon. 

I did my best to take all of him in my mouth as I could, and was really shocked at just how much I managed. But then I realized there was still five or six inches left to go, leaving me to once again wished I could deep throat. Oh well, Mark was going nuts as I alternated sucking him and flicking my tongue up and down his shaft. I then started to work the base of his shaft with my hands and was amazed that I couldn't get one hand wrapped all the way around him! It took both my hands to completely encircle his amazing dick. 

I think I came out of a little bit of a daze, or maybe a trance, and realized that Chuck had been cheering me on as I had my way with Mark's amazing cock. Then he pulled down my shorts and started gently stroking my clit, sending a quick shudder down my spine and momentarily interrupting my ministrations to Mark's throbbing hard dick. In seconds Chuck realized I was dripping wet so he slipped his finger into my pussy and began gently rubbing his thumb around my ass. I was amazed that it only took a few moments of Chuck giving my pussy some attention before I started to feel the needed to cum. 

Then Chuck started whispering in my ear, "When are you going to let us DP you? You know you want it. How much of that dick do you think you can fit in that tight pussy of yours?" It was then he started too aggressively finger fucks my pussy and tease my ass. I couldn't help myself, I was just too far gone, and so I begged him to let someone fuck me. 

The boys laid me on my back and Mark straddled my head facing my feet, dangling that huge piece of meat in my face. I couldn't help myself and started sucking on him again. He then grabbed my legs and spread them apart while he pulled them back towards him, leaving my pussy and ass totally exposed. Chuck accepted this invitation and slowly slid his throbbing cock into my pussy while Mark started stroking my clit and licking my toes. I instantly started moaning, twitching, and squirming against Mark's strong grip, but he wasn't going to let me go. Instead he chuckled and huskily told me to lick his balls and slowly stroke his dick. 

"Holy crap!" I thought when I realized he was so big I could rub it on my tits at the same time. All the while Chuck was slowly sliding his dick in and out of my pussy and encouraging me to have fun with Mark's dick. 

Oh my god, the sensations that were going through my body, combined with the mental image of what was going on were simply AMAZING. I remember telling Chuck to fuck me harder and Mark objecting, asking, "Hey wait, how about me?" 

But it was too late! My eyes rolled back, my body stiffened, and a low and deep moan started escaping me while I shook and squirmed. I finally exploded with pleasure sweeping up and down my body, but Chuck kept fucking me hard and Mark wouldn't let up on my clit. The orgasm just kept going and going until I begged them to stop so I could catch my breath. 

I honestly had no idea if I would be able handle a cock Mark's size, but by god I was determined to at least try. I told them both it was time to switch positions, which brought a huge smile to their faces. 

Chuck said, "Hey, the workout area has all those big mirrors. Let's move in there."

We liked that idea so we all went into that room and settled in on the workout mats. Mark must have seen the fear and excitement in my face, and asked, "Can I make a suggestion?" 

"Of course you can," I answered. "I like your ideas."

"OK," he went on. "Chuck, you should lie down on your back so Amanda can suck your dick." 

Of course Chuck complied with a grin.

"Then I can fuck you doggie style," Mark went on.

We quickly obliged and I realized Chuck was going to love the view he had of the action as he could see everything perfectly in the floor to ceiling mirrors. I was on all fours, sucking on Chuck, with Mark kneeling right behind me.

"You are in control of my cock now," Mark promised me. "Take as much as you can. Maybe you can lean into me and take a little at a time."

My pussy welcomed his amazing girth, and every second I could feel it stretch a little to accommodate more. The tingling in my belly was increasing with every thrust and the feeling of being so full was simply mind boggling! 

"You are swallowing my cock with your pussy!" he moaned. "You are a natural with a big fat dick!"

Then I almost came instantly when Mark asked, "I wonder what you will do with this thing in your ass?" 

Before long we had a nice slow rhythm going, but I wanted more and started telling Mark, "Fuck me! Fuck me harder and faster!"

He was happy to oblige and grabbed my ass cheeks so he could drive that dick home to the hilt. I let out a yelp and just started really getting into the sensation of being so full. That, mixed with the excitement of this fantasy coming true were really driving me nuts, causing me to give Chuck a super wet and aggressive blow job. My tongue and spit were all over his balls and dick, dripping onto the mat, and it was easy to see he was REALLY enjoying the experience as well (probably a good thing). 

In almost no time Chuck couldn't hold back any longer and started spewing cum all over my face. I was so taken with the experience that I started licking his sticky man juice off my lips, and then plunged his cock right down my throat swallowing the last couple of streams of sticky goo. Chuck went absolutely nuts as I cleaned his cock, which pushed me over the edge, once again cumming hard.

I have to admit, it was an amazing feeling to bring such exquisite pleasure to my husband while having an extremely hot black guy that is hung like a horse aggressively fucking my pussy from behind. I think this must have been pretty hot to watch as I heard Mark start to grunt as well as his orgasm approached. I was really disappointed when he pulled out and rolled onto his side so he could cool down before he also exploded. I knew he was saving his load for when he fucked my ass, which started me tingling again, but also had me a bit scared as he was huge! 

Chuck was relaxing on my other side after his orgasm while I caught my breath and regrouped a little when Mark suggested, "You should lie on your stomach to make this easier."

Chuck just smiled and told me, "I know you have fantasized about this forever, and I am fine with what is happening."

I know this is probably weird, but I don't think I have ever felt as loved as when he said that. I kissed Chuck, rolled onto my stomach, and then Mark got on top on top of me and slowly began to rub his dick against my ass. 

I confirmed what Chuck had said, telling Mark, "I have fantasized about this for so long, thank you!!" I was going nuts as the anticipation continued to build as he rubbed his dick between my ass cheeks. Mark just smiled, I am sure because he knew he was about to blow my mind. 

After rubbing my ass for another minute he lubed up his dick by sliding it into my dripping pussy and then he gently started to push his sausage into my tight and eager hole.

"You like that, don't you?" Mark asked me. 

"Yes, my god yes!" escaped from my lips without hesitation, or thinking. I looked over at Chuck, just to make sure this is was really ok. I was sure he could see the lust mixed with a pleading look in my eyes, and I almost panicked when he started to frown, but he failed to pull it off and winked at me. 

"Relax that ass!" Chuck ordered me. "You have wanted this for a long time, so enjoy it!"

I took a deep breath, which was quickly forced out of me as Mark started to slowly push his dick in my ass. "OMG," I thought, "what have I gotten myself into?" I could only take a small part of his dick in my ass at first, but Mark just kept pushing it a little bit farther in every time my ass relaxed even a bit. There was a fair amount of pain, but it was mixed with a little bit of pleasure and a lot excitement. It only took a few minutes before my ass finally started to get over the shock of his giant dick penetrating it, which allowed me to relax and open up more, allowing him to get deeper and deeper. 

Sensing this was getting easier for me, Mark told me to grab my ass cheeks and open myself up even farther. He just kept telling me, "I know you want more cock in that tight hole," and he was right! The pain was pretty much gone so I did as I was told, allowing even more of the black monster in my ass as he started picking up the pace. Damn, I don't know how something so overwhelming could feel oh so good, but it did! I got closer and closer to hitting a mind blowing orgasm with every inch he thrust into me. Suddenly I saw stars and started bucking uncontrollably as every inch of my body started overloading with a massive orgasm. I honestly felt like I had died and went to heaven and it was truly an explosion from my loins to my brain!

When I regained a little bit of my composure (to be honest, I lost it and was not conscious of anything except my orgasm and that gorgeous dick buried deep in my ass.), Mark was grunting and groaning and gasping, "OH MY GOD," and then I felt him start spurting hot streams of cum up my ass!!! FUCK, he was so huge, so deep, and the feeling of that giant dick spurting over and over in my ass was so intense I started to cum again. I don't think I will ever forget that orgasm or the feeling of his warm cum splattering deep inside my ass. 

I looked up in a daze and Chuck was sitting up looking at us with a raging hard on. He then smiled and said, "It is time for my Anal Whore to get double penetrated." 

Mark pulled out of my ass and laid down on the floor so I could get on top and ride him, but I told Chuck I need at least a moment to catch my breath (and to be honest, it looked like Mark did to). Chuck looked a bit disappointed, but then I reached out and started slowly sucking on his dick, which quickly put a smile back on his face. Meanwhile, Mark started to gently play with my pussy, slowly alternating between inserting one and two fingers while tracing circles around my clit. I let out a long slow moan when Chuck started to gently twist my nipples, making me realize that I was hot, wet, and ready to go again. 

"Holy crap," I thought, "I am about to be fucked in my pussy and ass at the same time." I looked down, and amazingly Mark was already hard again. "Damn," I thought, "there is a God!" 

I changed positions and slowly lowered myself on Mark's lovely black cock. The feeling of being impaled on him mixed with the feeling of his cum slowly leaking out of my ass was almost indescribable, but I knew more was coming. I couldn't wait to feel Chuck in my ass, and my body was simply quivering with anticipation. But damn him, he was playing it cool, holding back knowing how bad I wanted this to happen. 

I began to beg him, "Please fuck my ass, come on, fuck your Anal Whore!" I have always fantasized about double penetration but never thought I would actually do it. I briefly worried that Marks spunk running out of my ass and down his shaft onto his balls will put Chuck off, but I should have known better as I literally screamed in pleasure when Chuck suddenly buried his cock as deep as it would go in one quick thrust. 

Honestly the first 20 seconds were intimidating as hell, but once the fear passed, every thrust was one step closer to nirvana. I had to really concentrate on relaxing to fully enjoy the experience, but believe me; once I did there was no stopping the pleasure. At first the boys alternated with Mark thrusting in deep as Chuck pulled out, and then Chuck plunging in and filling my ass when Mark pulled back. Honestly, Chuck could not fill it like Mark had, but it was still an amazing feeling. Then they started thrusting in and out together, which was simply over the top intense and I once again began to feel my body shake and shudder as my brain short-circuited with pleasure!!! Mark's giant dick had my pussy stretched and full, Chuck's dick was buried hilt deep in my ass, and I was stuck between them thrashing around wildly screaming through one of the most amazing orgasms I have ever had! 

The boys turned me over and took turns fucking my ass with me lying on my back after my double penetration orgasm subsided. First Mark, then Chuck, then Mark, then Chuck, they just kept switching off to hold out. I can't tell you if I had 15 orgasms or one long extended one, I just held my legs back and left myself fully exposed for their anal pleasure. That night, I really was the Anal Whore Chuck tells me I am!! 

I took turns sucking on the one who wasn't pounding me in the ass, and both of them ended up painting my head, tits, and stomach white with streams of hot cum when they had another massive orgasm. 

Chuck was first, all of a sudden grunting when he was in my ass. He let one spurt go deep inside me, and then pulled out and just started spraying me with cum. This in turn sent Mark over the edge, and I barely had enough warning to pull him out of my mouth before I got witness that beautiful black cock spray shot after warm shot of cum all over my face and body. 

I was simply out of control with the sensations, visuals, and experience, and ended up rubbing their cum all over my body, in my pussy, in my ass, and even licking my fingers clean, all the while giggling uncontrollably. I had the most mind blowing orgasms of my life that night, and I would like to think Mark and Chuck did as well. 

Needless to say, I now have a new appreciation for Krav Maga.