 So far Sarah had been distinctly unimpressed by this year's offerings at the festival, as a junior reviewer she was often forced to sit through hours of dreadful student productions of Shakespeare or endless 'experimental theatre' but at least in previous years she had been able to relieve the tedium with a good shag at the end of the day, the two occasions singledom had coincided with the festival there had been a steady stream of fresh new talent, eager to gain an extra star or two for whatever godforsaken production they happened to be in. However, this year pickings were slim, a fact noted by all her female colleagues, and a few of the men. 

Thus it was with trepidation, and not without a certain amount of frustration, that Sarah took her seat in Studio Two, the miniscule audience not boding well. The press blurb had thrown around phrases like 'orgy of the flesh', 'highly erotic' and 'insanely sensual' but she knew better than to be that expectant when the two hours of mind-numbing tedium she had just sat through had been described as a 'high-octane, adrenaline fuelled riot' when it was all she could do not to fall asleep. She elected to take a seat in the front row, not because she really wanted to but because she thought that proximity might act as a deterrent to napping, being on the front-line as it were. The lights dimmed and onto the stage stalked four masked, topless men strutting and posing about and generally being terribly butch. Sarah's instinctual reaction was to sigh at the inevitable cliché of it all but despite her cynicism she couldn't help but note the quality of the torsos on show, each of the actors displaying a fine, sculpted set of abs and smooth glistening chests; a sharp relief to all the acne-ridden schoolboys and butch lesbians she had previously been subjected to. The masked men were soon joined by for women. Sarah had expected flesh to be on show, but she hadn't expected this. 

The women each wore gravity-defying corsets, tiny knickers, stockings, suspenders; pretty normal fare except that each of these creatures was gorgeous. Sarah, although able to appreciate female beauty, had never been physically attracted to a woman, until now. It wasn't just the perfect figures, the glistening skin, and the heaving bosoms; there was something else, something in their eyes, a hunger, a raw sexual energy, an invitation. The actors formed into four couples and began a slow, sensuous dance, twisting in and out, hands tracing contours, lips hovering but... never... quite... touching. Around her Sarah became aware of the predominately male audience shifting uncomfortably around her, becoming nervous about the abundant sexuality displayed in front of them. But Sarah did not feel contemptuous as she might have expected instead she felt herself stirring, her face flushing as she took in what unfolded in front of her, the stroking and grinding giving away, almost as if they knew what she was longing for, to undressing and probing until each of the woman was clad only in a thong, their heels and a filthy smile. Sweat mingled with rivers of water poured from bottles produced as if from nowhere, all the actors abandoning dance moves to spasms of pleasure as the icy water hit their skin.

The man next to Sarah moved his programme over his lap in an attempt to disguise his raging hard-on, and to her surprise Sarah could now feel herself becoming wet as the hands on stage strayed closer and closer, tantalisingly close to performing obscene acts. She must have inadvertently strayed into a sex show, surely this was illegal? A logical part of her brain told her to leave but she was too turned on, an exhilarating mix of excitement and shame rooting her to her seat, knowing deep down that if she had been alone her own hand would have strayed by now.

And then suddenly a naked man strode manfully onto centre-stage, his enormous erect cock almost frightening in its proportion, almost. The man came to a stop directly in front of Sarah and looked down at her, his eyes an invitation, his quivering phallus a challenge. Despite herself Sarah ached to reach out to it but reminded herself that this was a show, cursing the cruelty of being able to look but not touch. She squirmed involuntary in her seat, the seam of her jeans catching against her engorged clit and sending a wave of desire through her body. Then two of the women were at her sides, taking her arms and pulling her onto the stage. She knew she should resist but there wasn't a part of her that wanted this to stop. The audience that should have inhibited her instead spurred her on, the gaze of the ten or eleven strangers feeling to her like a pair of hands on her, willing her forward, clutching at her desperately with the anticipation of virgin flesh, of unexpected and unflaunted pleasure.

She was led to a dentist-type black leather chair that had been wheeled on by one of the masked men and he invited her to sit. This she did without a second thought, abandoning herself to the moment, giving herself over to all these gorgeous exotic creatures and the promise of their plump lips, wet tongues and straining members. Once seated the man took up her arms and attached them to the chair behind her head with two leather straps. Now completely helpless Sarah new that something extraordinary was about to happen, whether she wanted it to or not, and she did want it to, she wanted it very much. Her shirt was ripped open, her jeans tugged off and knickers dragged down over her ankles until she was completely naked, tied up and at the mercy of both actors and audience. She could now see that their were only ten others in the audience, all men, the other women no doubt having walked out, and half of them had their own erect members out, some tentatively pumping them, longing for release but not wanting to peak too soon, for who knew what wonders were about to unfold. Sarah was stimulated further by their attention, they were masturbating over her. She was being masturbated over by ten strangers. She felt a surge of control despite her tied hands, a feeling that this was all for her, because of her, for her pleasure. Sarah longed to touch herself too, or even better, to be touched. 

As if physic two of the girls took a hard nipple in each of their mouths and began teasing with their tongues and stroking with their fingertips. As Sarah moaned with pleasure the attention was suddenly withdrawn but before she could protest a third girl climbed onto her exposed lap, a length of black fabric in one hand. Leaning forward the girl leaned forward and tied a blindfold round Sarah's eyes, her nipples brushing against Sarah's own in the process. Sarah arched with desire at this unexpected feeling, and the girl noticed this, rubbing her full breasts against Sarah's, their nipples touching and sparking new waves of pleasure as they did. This was a brand new sensation for Sarah, never before had she thought she would find such gratification in another woman's body and longed to experience more. Again the girls performed their mind-reading trick and she felt the fourth girl force her legs apart and a wet firm tongue was thrust into her dripping cunt. Switching expertly between short flicks over her throbbing clit and deep thrusts into her the girl brought Sarah to climax before she could help herself, her entire body convulsing beneath the tongue. But before the first waves of pleasure had past there were suddenly hands all over her, she could feel strong manly fingertips probing her, stretching her, flicking her over-sensitive clit and more fingers than she would have thought possible forcing themselves into her, exploring every inch, she gasped as one ventured into her arsehole, an avenue that had never previously been explored. And then just as she thought she might cum again the fingers were cruelly withdrawn, making Sarah involuntary push herself forward begging for more. And she did receive. She felt the tip of one of the actors' cocks been pressed gently but firmly over her opening and then held tantalisingly over it, as if in question.

'Yes,' she screamed, 'please, please, fuck me, please.'

She was begging desperately to be fucked in front of everybody, to have an audience reach climax with her as she was filled up. There was a grunt of approval and all at once the penis thrust itself into her, filling her completely and plunging in and out in a forceful, rhythmic way. Sarah pushed back underneath it, straining against her binds, wanting as much of it in her as possible. As she once again shuddered towards climax the penis was suddenly withdrawn and a sticky wetness spread over her chest and stomach so she knew he must have ejaculated onto her. The tongues returned, licking the salty cum off her trembling body. Panting heavily Sarah waited to be released, sad that the adventure was at an end. She was wrong; it was far from over as each of the three other male actors took their turns with her. Each reducing to a trembling sticky mess as she came again and again, her cunt stuffed repeatedly, foreign fingers rubbing and tweaking as she forgot herself and cried out, moaning, screaming with guttural animal cries.

And then, after the fourth man spewed his load onto her chest, the blindfold was removed and revealed that she was alone with the actor with the monstrous member, grinning at her as she gasped for breath. Her cunt ached from over use, but she knew she wanted him in her, wanted to feel what the huge dick could do. The man leaned down to her but instead of guiding himself into her he lifted her higher and pushed himself into her other hole. Sarah yelped at the acute mix if pleasure and pain and she felt a mouth at her ear that whispered,

'And now for the finale'.