 That night I pulled up outside the house at the address indicated in the note. I found a large two story, ranch style home. I pulled into the driveway and keyed the engine. Before I could reach the front door Sheri was already there, holding it open for me. She looked delicious in Daisy Dukes, short halter top, and no bra.

"Hi," she greeted me and added a kiss.

"Hi," I replied, adding a hug once we were through the door.

"Ready to meet the girls?" I nodded and she showed me through the entryway into a large kitchen. Beyond that was a living room which exited into a staircase and a den. She pulled me through into the den.

Three girls were there watching TV waiting for us. The TV snapped off as soon as I came through the door and three sets of attractive eyes turned to me. One set belonged to Jani, who I already knew, of course. By body, if not mind and spirit. The other two were introduced shortly.

Barb sat in a La-Z-Boy and acknowledged the introduction with a bare nod. She had a face that looked like it had always had a few pounds towards chubby throughout her entire life. Still, the face was cute and I was sure that if I could get her to smile, it would be a dazzling sight.

The swift introductions moved on to Julie, who looked just like Jani. I commented as such and they both nodded. They were sisters. The only major visible physical difference between the two being that Julie was a half foot shorter, and built more like a feather weight boxer than a dancer. She was still slender like her sister, but muscles showed through under her skin as she moved. I had a good look at her muscles, and the slight summer dress she was wearing, as she bounced to me in a big hug. She apparently had a lot more energy and enthusiasm than Jani, as well. As we wrapped arms she thrust her chest and hip into me hard, squashing her groin against my shorts. I could feel stiff nipples that felt every bit as large as her sisters poking at me through her thin dress.

I let go of Julie and said hi to her sister, who was dressed like she was going to the local dance club. She wore one of those pieces of cloth stretched across her front that had about a dozen strings tied in back and everyone assumed was a shirt simply because it covered the woman's bosom. Beneath the shirt she wore a tight, short mini skirt that barely passed her twat. She gave me a chaste kiss on the cheek in greeting.

Sheri once again pulled on my hand. This time she directed me to a couch facing the TV. Jani joined us on my right while Julie took up a seat to our side. The four girls and I began talking about the feasibility of me moving in. Well, three and a half girls, anyway. Barb didn't seem to much care for the idea of me moving in and openly protested the idea with her body language. We discussed duties around the house and how to split the rent. Since I was a carpenter, it was apparent I was to be considered the handyman. I also had to share in the cleaning, but in turn, we agreed that I could take any time and materials I put in to fixing the place out of my share of the rent. Thus we'd all contribute equally to the upkeep of the house. They said they had a spare bedroom on the main floor I could take, and any extra furniture I had left over from my apartment would fit in the basement. It sounded like a good deal to me.

The topic changed and I won't bore you with the details, suffice it to say it led to them turning the TV back on. They hit play on the VCR and I was suddenly naked on their TV, laying on the floor of my office like I had earlier that afternoon. I had a moment of incredible insecurity. Here I had introduced the camera to the girls, despite all their fears that I would victimize them, and now I was the victim. I frowned and looked at Sheri who looked back, but wouldn't meet my eyes. Jani told me, "Relax. It'll get better."

I didn't agree or disagree, but just watched. I realized that the girls were in the video, too, and the tape was from this afternoon. Before long Sheri and Jani were sandwiched pussy to pussy with my salami in the middle. As we progressed on tape, Sheri and Jani leaned into me on the couch. I looked into the world of reality. Jani and Sheri snuggled into me, pushing the lengths of their bodies against me. I looked over to Julie and saw that she had a hand under the hem of her skirt. Barb on the other side of the room was swirling a finger around where her nipple must have been under her t-shirt and running her hand over the thigh of her baggy jeans.

Suddenly all the girls stopped in mid motion. I looked to the TV and found that Sheri's orgasm had started, followed by my spurting, and followed again by Jani's orgasm. The girls' focus on the TV was unbreakable, and I found that I was rather drawn to it as well. It was amazing. The girls were moaning and writhing. The only word that could sum up my part in the show is: impressive. My cockhead extended above their squirming pussies and became a fountain. My cum fireworked into the air and splattered the girls. They almost seemed to take turns. One gob would splat against Sheri's breasts and body, then the girls would twitch, and another gob would fly out and splat against Jani's breasts and body. It was amazing. I'd never seen anything like it. My cock was a super cock as it flung gob after gob of thick cum between the girls. All they could do was rub each other and watch as I spewed all over them.

My cock finally quit its squirting in slow smaller repetitions. The view on the TV bobbled for a couple of seconds and then squared up. The view this time was into our three groins. My cockhead throbbed where it dribbled out the last of my cum and then started to shrink below their pussies. I watched it shrink out of view and heard a moan in the room. I looked over to find Barb had a hand under her jeans and t-shirt. Her hips were bucking wildly against hand where it rested against her pussy under her jeans.

"I thought she'd like that one." I looked at Jani who was lustily gazing at Barb.

I looked to Sheri for an answer and she muttered, "Lesbian." I nodded. That would explain the cold shoulder about me moving in. Here she had three girls all to herself. With me moving in, she'd have to share. And I doubt she was as bi as Jani.

I puzzled at the thought of what I was considering moving in to. I knew Sheri was straight and Jani was bisexual. Barb was a lesbian. And I was willing to bet that Julie was of the same sexual orientation as her sister. Looking over at her hand working under her skirt at the sight of the two cum soaked pussies on TV, I was willing to bet my life savings. I was 'considering' moving in? I must have been in an improper frame of mind. Hell ya I was moving in! Four gorgeous girls in one house with one lonely guy. Even if they didn't offer sex, at least it would be worth it for the eye candy.

Looking to the TV I saw that Jani had switched to the sixty nine with Sheri's womanhood pressed against my balls. The girls at my sides squirmed in harder. I could feel hard nipples pressed against my bare biceps.

Jani whispered into my ear, "That was so fucking hot. I've never had anything like that in my life." She added a nibble at my ear for emphasis.

Sheri, on the other side, leaned in, "I've never cum so hard in my life. I'd like you to try that again." She sucked at my neck and breathed heavily into my ear.

"I'll certainly do my best," I replied. Then I felt two hands at the waist of my shorts. I looked down to find Sheri and Jani using one hand each to fumble my belt open. They figured it out before long and then had my shorts unzipped.

"Up," Jani commanded. I lifted my hips into the air and the girls pushed my shorts, briefs and all, to the floor. I settled back into the couch, but the girls weren't done undressing me. With several short tugs, they had my t-shirt over my head and off. They each slung a leg over one of my legs. Jani's already short skirt rode up and I could feel her bare pussy pressed against my thigh. I flexed my thighs into the girls' groins, and they both moaned appreciatively.

They kissed my neck and chest as each one dropped a hand down to my exposed shaft. Sheri gently cupped the balls while Jani worked the shaft up and down in her tiny hand. I sighed in pleasure and leaned back. Wrapping an arm around each of the girls I palmed their asses the best that I could. They both sighed and ground their pussies against my thighs harder.

I looked up to the TV and knew it was almost to the point of my second orgasm. I made eye contact with Julie, which wasn't too hard since she was watching us on the couch, and indicated the TV. She looked to the screen just in time to see my cock begin pulsing thick cum into Jani's mouth. Jani in turn, spat the white cream onto Sheri's waiting pussy. Before my cock was done, Sheri's pubic hair was drenched a watery white and her pussy looked like an oil soaked marshmallow.

Sheri and Jani, at my chest, turned their heads to watch the TV. The three of us worked at each other on the couch as the on-screen Sheri moved up and Jani began eating her pussy. I looked over to Barb and found that her pants were unbuttoned and her shirt was gone. She was wearing a plain white, very sensible full bra that encased massive mammories. She was easily a natural D cup, maybe even larger. I wasn't an expert and I didn't much care. I just knew they were some of the largest breasts I'd ever seen this close to nude. As her hand rose against her groin I could just see the hem of white panties, which I assumed were just as sensible as the bra.

Looking over to Julie I saw that she had pulled her skirt up to her hips and her hands were working her sex through her white cotton bikinis. She was grinding her hips against her hands and swiveling her head to look alternately from us on the couch to the view on the screen. The erotic lustfulness of the moment washed over me and my cock jumped reactively in the girls' hands.

"Who wants it?" Jani asked to the room.

Barb barely glanced over at us. Julie on the other hand jumped out of her chair like it was suddenly electrified. "I want it. I want to feel all that hot cum wash over my body." She reached behind her, a sharp whir of zipper, and her dress fell to her feet, exposing her body and white bikinis with the tell tale wet spot on the front. If Jani's breasts were small, Julie's were absolutely nonexistent. She had more peck than tit. If I couldn't see her waist down and neck up, I would have had a hard time telling her from a guy. Except for the nipples. They were absolutely massive, almost breasts in themselves. I thought Jani and Sheri were well endowed in that department, but with Julie they took on a new dimension. It was like when she was made, all the stuffing that would have gone into her tits was instead shoved into her nipples.

"Lay down," Jani commanded. Julie instantly obeyed and lay on her back, legs facing me. She spread her legs and I gazed into her panty covered crotch before I was pulled from the couch by my dick. Jani and Sheri kneeled me in between Julie's legs.

They maintained their positions, one on each side of me. They began working my manhood in earnest, one hand circling my balls gently while the other jerked on my shaft in long hard strokes. I wasn't far from cumming as they added their mouths and second hands to the fray. Their hands reached behind and began running over my ass. It was the first time they had really touched my rear and the sensation was sharp and good with the stroking in front. Meanwhile their tongues and mouths worked at my neck and chest as they pumped me. Before long I moaned loudly.

The two girls took their cue and switched speeds. Sheri slowed the motion on my balls to a near stop while Jani squeezed tightly in short, hard strokes. I moaned again and flexed my body, holding the orgasm in that sweet calm before the storm. Then it released in a rampage. The first gob flew out, striking Julie in a line from navel to chin. A second gob flew much like the first. The third squited from me impusively and landed heavily on her chin, mouth, and nose. The forth launched, landing in an open and expecting mouth. The rest of the spurts flooded out onto her nipples first, then stomach and belly button, and finally dripped onto her soaking panties.

The girls watched in awe as Jani milked one last thick gob from my aching member. With a final squeeze she dripped it from the end where it landed in a white creamy trail down the inside of Julie's thigh. Without hesitation Jani bent down and began licking the drop from Julie's crotch. I leaned back with a sigh, my muscles unable to do much more. Sheri bent, sucked the head of my cock clean, and then joined Jani where she was working up Julie's torso. The two girls lapped and sucked, pausing every few moments to swap a cum soaked kiss with each other.

Presently I felt a shove. Barb shouldered past me, "Out of the way breeder. Only a woman can do this right." I stumbled on my knees to get out of her way. She dove past me, ripped Julie's panties from her hips, and thrust her face into Julie's shaved pussy. I stepped back and gazed down at Barb's wide pantied ass. I had been right, her panties were sensible, full sized briefs. For a moment I had a vision of slamming my ram rod between her thick ass cheeks, but decided against it. I knew she was the only opposition that stood between me and many more four girl orgies.

I was lost in heaven as I gazed at the four girls. Their half naked and naked bodies were glorious. Jani's skirt was pushed up to her waist. Her naked ass and pussy ground down hard against Julie's hand. Sheri had, at sometime, lost her top and her breasts were hanging down onto Julie's nipples as Jani and Sheri kissed. Julie wrapped her legs around Barb's head and pulled her in harder. I had an idea that these two girls had done this before.

Finished looking at the orgy I decided to participate. I moved around so I was kneeling over Julie's face. I pushed down and her mouth sucked my balls in. I reached out and found one of Sheri's breasts with one hand, and Jani's with the other.

Julie tensed and I had to pull out of her mouth for fear that she'd bite me. She inhaled sharply and paused for a few seconds. With an explosive scream she began to writhe furiously. Her hips bucked at Barb's face. Her legs squeezed Barb's head suffocatingly tight. Jani wrose up on Julie's fluttering hand and began her own orgasm. I looked over to Sheri who had also wrisen up, but not with her own orgasm.

I moved over behind Sheri and placed my naked body against her. I kissed down onto her neck and shoulders as my hands found and kneaded her breasts. She moaned and arched into me. I reached down and undid her shorts. I pushed them down and slid my hand against her naked sex. She moaned again and pushed back against me harder. I slid my cock into the crack of her ass and she squeezed it between her wonderful globes. I continued to kiss down on her, my hands stroked pussy and breast, cock rubbing against her ass.

The sisters had quieted down to a murmur when Sheri began her climax. She humped the cheeks of her ass against my cock, grabbed my hips and pulled me in tighter. My fingers slid blindingly fast over and into her slick slit. My hand squeezed and pulled at her breasts. My lips sucked flesh into my mouth to be tongued. Then she started cumming in long, hot gouts. Her juices boiled from the stovepipe of her pussy and down on my hand. Her cum dripped past my fingers into her panties and shorts. Her moans went on and on as she ground against me, her ass humping against my hips and her pussy against my fingers.

Finally she gasped a final sigh and slumped against me. I laid back against the couch and pulled her with me, letting her heat soak into my skin. Julie and Barb were laying against each other. Jani was laying beyond them, spread eagled and motionless, her pussy open and visible to us all, showing wet and pink. Julie murmurrd to Barb, "You do that so good, sugar. Why don't we see if I can do as good?"

Barb rolled onto her back and removed her panties. Julie rolled over and put her mouth against Barb's unshaven mound. I almost laughed at the absurd image. Barb wasn't that big of a girl, but Julie only looked as big as my cock where she lay between Barb's thighs.

Sheri stirred against me. She wiggled her legs and finished pushing her shorts the rest of the way down her legs. We lay totally nake against each other and kissed lip to lip for a moment. She relaxed against me again and we watched Julie tongue fuck Barb. Sheri murmurred to me, "I'm going to have to buy more panties if you move in here. At this rate, I won't have any clean by the end of the week."

I chuckled. "I'll certainly do my best."

Jani's head lifted into view above her spreadeagled body. She looked at Julie and Barb first, and then us. Rolling herself over she crawled over to where Sheri and I were sitting. The three of us gently fondled and kissed each other as Julie pleasured Barb. With a silent shudder, Barb passed through her orgasm. Julie crawled alongside Barb and they too basked in their afterglows.

"So what do you think?" Sheri asked, giving my balls a squeeze. "Want to move in?"

"Silly question. Of course I do. I just hope I can produce enough cum to adequately augment my rent money."

Barb rolled her head towards us. "Money's worth more than cum here."

I grinned at her. I thought a lot of things to say to her, but none of them would melt her ice any better. So, I said nothing at all.

Sheri rescued me, "It's decided then. When can you start moving in?"

"Tomorrow." And the next day, I was moving in.