 I have to admit to a stomach full of knots as I stepped off the elevator glancing up and down the hall to see which way Suite 315 was.

This wasn't to be any kind of normal night and I was really second guessing why I had agreed to the invitation. It sounded pretty cool up until that moment, but I can honestly say I found myself nervous as hell as I wandered down the hall towards the door that would open up to a night I never believed I'd experience anything like.

The back-story on how I came to be in this opulent hotel started close to a month ago. I work out at a local fitness center twice a week on Monday and Thursday nights. I'm regular like clockwork on those nights and have gotten to know many of the regulars.

One of the regulars is a guy named Chris who I've hung out with a few times at the local sports bar after a Thursday workout. He comes in on Tuesdays and Thursdays and sometime his wife Jennifer joins him. Like me they're both in their late 30s and take pride in keeping in good shape.

So it was on a Thursday night a month ago that Chris suggested we catch part of the Hawks game and throw down a couple of beers. Sounded good to me so we hit the local sports bar down the street.

In typical Hawks fashion they were getting blown out by the Heat, so the game wasn't that interesting.

What was interesting was that Chris seemed a little on edge. He's usually a pretty confident guy who's on the road to becoming a VP at a software development firm.

But after a few beers, he decided to drop the bomb.

"Brian, I've got something to ask you and I'm not exactly sure how to go about it."

That was a loaded statement if ever I've heard one.

"What is it?" I replied guardedly.

"Well... Look, um, can I ask you to keep this private? Seriously, I don't want this getting round. It has to, uh... It has to do with Jennifer."

Figuring I was about to get a typical domestic problem conversation, I sat back and told him that I would keep anything he said absolutely between the two of us.

"Thanks," Chris said. And then after taking a big swig off his beer, "I want to help Jennifer live out one of her fantasies. She's always dreamed about having a group of men..."

I was dead silent...

"I'm not exactly sure how to pull it off, but I'm trying to invite a few of the guys we know from the gym. Jen's met you and she thinks you're pretty hot. I know this is weird, but I was wondering if you'd be into taking part in her fantasy...?"

A month later I'm standing in front of a door marked 315 having no idea what to expect. I've never even had a threesome, much less taken part in a gangbang. But I've always been curious about orgies, and figured this was as close as I might get. Plus, Jennifer is one of those smoldering looking raven-haired Jersey girls with wide cat like eyes and slightly pouty lips. I'd seen her in gym clothes a couple of times and knew I'd love to fuck her.

Ultimately my curiosity, and the blatant hard on in my pants, won out over nerves and I knocked on the door.

Chris answered the door pretty quick, shook my hand, patted me on the shoulder and walked me into the room.

"I'm really glad you showed up. Thanks for coming. Can I get you a drink?"

"Sure..."

Chris and Jennifer definitely weren't skimping on this fantasy. The suite was one of those high-end jobs. At the front of the room was a small dining area featuring a circular table with some chairs.  On the right, separating the room, was a small bar, and beyond that was a very nice sitting area with a couple of opposing couches and an armchair facing a big entertainment center. The room was lit very provocatively with just a few table lamps and the over all feel was pretty dark with pools of light illuminating the key areas.

Off to the left was a door, obviously leading to the bedroom, behind which I could clearly hear the sound of a blow dryer.

There were 4 guys already sitting on the two couches. In a rather surreal way I walked over and greeted them all as they stood up to shake my hand. I knew one of them, Greg, from the gym. He worked out on the same days I did. Another of the guys, Jesse, I'd seen around the gym but had never spoken to. The other two, John and Cliff, I'd never met before.

So there I was shaking hands and having polite topical conversation with 4 guys who were fixing to bang senseless the guy's wife who's now bringing me a Dewars on the rocks. Definitely not the ordinary Saturday night in my neighborhood!

As we rearranged ourselves in the living room, I gathered that I was the last to arrive. The tension in the air was unbelievably thick as we managed to talk about sports and other bullshit, waiting to see what was going to happen.

About 15 minutes later the sound of the blow-dryer stopped, and instantly the conversation paused. After what seemed like minutes of silence Chris finally stepped into it.

"Okay, here's the deal. Jen's always wanted to give herself to a group of guys. She wants the experience of being the center of attention, and wants the fuck of her life."

I could tell he was tense about the whole situation, but to his credit he was doing his best to make sure she got what she wanted. He'd asked me point blank in the bar about STDs and testing, so I knew he was covering her bases.

"The only ground rules are to make sure she gets your best. She's okay with anal, but it needs to be started gently. Other than that she's completely yours for as long as she's able to go. I'll probably join in later, but to start off I want to sit back and watch it happen for her."

With that Chris walked over to the bedroom door, peeked inside for a moment, nodded, turned around and said, "Gentlemen... enjoy!"

"Hi guys," Jennifer said, as she swept into the room. 

With her came a rush of cocoanut scent from whatever shampoo or body lotion she'd just applied. She was wearing a short black silk robe tied at the waist, which featured her lusciously toned legs from mid thigh down. She was barefoot and had her hair pulled back in a tight ponytail. Clearly she had organized herself for business!

From what I'd seen of her at the gym, Jennifer was around 5 and a half feet tall, with a tight almost dancer like body. She had small tits that had nice shape and the best word to describe her frame was taut. 

"Welcome to my party!" she giggled, as she breezed her way in front of us. I could sense that she was a little unsure of herself, but her enthusiasm was evident by the way her hard nipples were poking through her robe. This was her fantasy and she clearly intended to live it, no matter what...!

I got the distinct impression that a waiter had just brought out the house specialty and laid it on the table in front of us. Here was this gorgeous women dressed for sex standing in front of us waiting for a completely unbridled pounding. It was all I could do not to cum in my pants at the pure raw sexuality of what was about to happen.

"I'm Jen," she said, as she walked around and started by giving each of us a nice introductory kiss while telling each guy how excited she was that we were about to share her fantasy. When she got to me she grabbed me by the waist pulling herself into me and slipped her tongue into my waiting mouth. It was just a moment, but I could taste a hint of strawberries on her tongue. No doubt she could feel the bulge in my pants pressing into her stomach.

"Looks like everyone needs another drink before we start," Jen said after finishing her tour of greetings. "Chris, make sure you fix me a big one, I'm going to need it..." She flashed the group a seductive smile.

While Chris worked at making a round of drinks, Jen chatted with us casually about how she had noticed each of us in the gym, and how nice each of us had worked on our physiques. I barely heard what she said because all I could think about was what this cat like woman would look like while she was gang fucked by a random collection of gym rats. I was dying to know what was underneath that thin film of silky black clothing.

I wouldn't have to wait long to find out.

Chris ushered in a fresh round of drinks on a tray. Jen took what looked like a giant margarita off the tray while the rest of us grabbed our glasses of scotch.

"To a night of adventure," Jen said as she raised her glass to the group.

"Cheers!"

Jen took a long drink from her glass. She closed her eyes and rolled her head back as she slowly let the drink roll down the back of her throat. She took a long time enjoying the moment.

And then she put her drink down, stepped back and began untying her robe. She did it slowly, letting the moment sink into the group. Every eye in the room was devouring her as she eased the belt off. The robe slid open revealing a soft line of skin from the nape of her neck down to the shaved vee between her legs. Her feet were close together so there was no hint at what lay beyond that hairless vee, but I couldn't wait to find out. I was absolutely rock hard.

Jen ran her hands down the sides of her body, moving them to cover her moist center. Gradually she ran her hands back up her body as she tantalizingly slipped the fabric off her shoulders, finally letting the robe drop behind her and puddle on the floor. She stood there with her arms covering her chest, looking around the room making eye contact with each one of us. Then she let her arms fall to her sides, standing completely nude in front of us.

At the tips of her small firm breasts her nipples stood out pointy and hard, dark and compact. Her stomach was nicely flat, and you could see she was breathing hard the way her chest would rise and fall. She had a small piercing through her belly button, but other than that it was all smooth tanned skin with no tan lines at all.

Jen put her hands on her hips and shifted her weight seductively to one side, striking a perfect fuck me pose.

"So what do you guys want to do with me...?"

Her dark eyes sparkled as she challenged us with a seductive grin.

Nobody moved. I expected the guys to leap out and grab her and just start fucking her on the spot, but clearly no one knew what to do next or how to begin a gang bang.

"I think it would be proper to start with appetizers," I said, breaking the moment. "Everyone should have a taste of you."

"Now there's an idea," Jen cooed. "I like the sound of that!"

I moved over and took one of her hands, raised it up debutant style and led her to the round table in the dining area. Following my lead the guys moved in behind her, picked her up and set her gently in the middle of the table on a thick bath towel Chris had quickly produced.

"Why am I the only one naked?" Jen asked. "If we're going to start off with a tasting, I want equal access to the menu!"

In less than 30 seconds she was surrounded by 5 naked men all sporting menacing dicks standing straight out. It was at that moment it really sunk home how crazy this night was going to be. Here I was in a room full of naked men flashing wood, with some guy's wife perched naked on the table right in front of me, while he casually stood off to the side with a drink in his hand watching the action.

"Oh my," Jen said, as she surveyed her hand picked selection of beef. "I guess I'm in for a long night..."

Taking control, Jen slid herself to the middle of the table and laid down on her back with her head just hanging over the side. She slipped her legs over the side of the table and slowly spread her thighs open wide. From where I stood I could see the lips of her shaved pussy spread open, and it was clear Jen was already soaking wet.

John was the first to act and dove between her legs. He didn't bother with any subtlety as he shoved his tongue into Jen's snatch. She immediately let out a deep moan as the reality of her pent up fantasy began.

Cliff and Greg moved in on either side and busied themselves with a nipple each. I watched as they took Jen's pointy nipples between their teeth and gently started teasing her with sharp bites and flicks of their tongues.

Jesse wasted no time in moving around to the far side of the table to place the head of his huge dick in front of Jen's lips. Of all of us, Jesse was clearly the largest in all ways. He was easily 6'-4" and packed at least 9" inches of fat cock. 

Jen reached up to grab Jesse's cock with both hands as her tongue darted out to taste the pre-cum that was already oozing from his giant rod. She licked around his head, teasing him with her flicking tongue as she leaned her head way back to open her throat up to prepare for what was about to happen next.

As Jesse teased her with the tip of his dick, Jen's body tensed up in the first of what would obviously be many orgasms for her this night. 

She let out a loud groan from deep inside that exploded over her body as every muscle tightened up and then released. John continued to attack Jen's clit, forcing her legs open even wider, as her orgasm washed through her.

"Oh, fuck yeah..." she cried out, as her body spasmed. "God this feels incredible!"

When she finally finished cuming, Jesse moved in and shoved his dick between her lips. I could almost see how far he went down her throat. Jen let out a strangled moan as the first cock was shoved inside her. She was almost gagging with the size of it, so she quickly pulled him back to a manageable level to let him start fucking her mouth through both of her clenched hands.

Up to this point I was just sitting back and watching in amazement. But I definitely needed to get into the action.

I tapped John on the shoulder and said, "Hold her feet."

He knew instantly what to do, grabbing her by the ankles and spreading her legs open as far as they would go.

I moved in to take his place between Jen's wide stretched legs and got my first close look at her pussy. Her lips were slick from her own juices and John's tongue. Moisture was rolling down her slit and starting to drip onto the table. The pink folds inside her cunt were totally exposed and I could actually look way down inside her.

I started off by snaking my tongue into her wet snatch as far as it would go. I heard Jen's moan make it's way past the dick that was fucking it's way into her throat and it urged me on. Her pussy tasted salty from her first orgasm and I tongue fucked her for a couple of minutes before I let loose on her totally exposed clit. I flicked the tip of my tongue up and down over her clit, hard and fast, starting to build a rhythm. I knew her throat was totally stuffed with cock and two men were biting her nipples, so I figured she needed someone to represent where it counted. I kept at it until I felt her second orgasm starting to break loose. I took two fingers and pushed them inside her as my tongue worked her clit to another orgasm.

Just as her body started to spasm, I heard Jesse yell out. Jen's moans were choked off as Jesse blew his nut into her upturned throat. I looked up from between her legs in time to see her trying to swallow his load as he pumped jism deep in her mouth. Her body arched high off the table as her orgasm tried to keep pace with the river of cum flooding her throat. I finger fucked her even harder now trying to pull out every ounce of her orgasm. 

Finally she went limp, breathing heavily. What an awesome sight to see this totally hot woman spread eagled and panting on the table in front of us.

We all stepped back for a moment to give Jen a pause. She sat up and looked to Chris to retrieve her drink. Her body already had a slight sheen of glistening sweat and her smallish breasts were heaving as she slowly managed to catch her breath. 

I never seen anything more sexually provocative in my life than Jennifer, her chest flushed with recent orgasms, her legs draped casually open, and excess semen dripping around her mouth while she quietly sipped her drink surrounded by guys ready to fuck her for the next six hours.

Definitely the calm before a lengthy storm! And she looked ready for it.

Jen took a while to savor her drink, commenting at length about how extraordinary it was to have her body used by so many mouths at one time. Meanwhile, Chris, now naked, worked around the room to supply everyone with a fresh drink. As a group we enjoyed the pause.

It was Jen who decided when it was time to move the action forward by unceremoniously lying back on the table. "I'm ready," she said, urging the guys back into action.

As a group we managed to develop a rhythm in our private gangbang as the oral course played out. Each one of us took our turn in a particular station, either holding Jen's legs, licking her clit, attending to her nipples, or face fucking her. 

Jen's orgasms started to thin out a little bit, but her body would still stiffen when another wave would roll over her. When it came my turn to fuck her face, I didn't last very long. 

I moved from one of her tits and aimed my dick into the back of her throat. She grabbed my ass with her hands and pulled me deep inside her mouth. In front of me were 4 guys working her body. Jesse was holding her legs open and watching as I plowed her face.

Jen moved a hand in to grab my shaft, letting me face fuck her through her slippery fist. I could feel the cum rising in my balls and new I was about to lose it. In the moment before I came I grabbed her wrists and pulled them out wide so she was totally spread eagled. I shoved my cock deep down her throat and felt her start to cum again as cliff was lashing his tongue over her pussy. I held on long enough to feel her orgasmic moans surround my shaft, and then I pushed in as far as I could and pumped my load way down her throat. It was easily the most powerful orgasm I've ever had. I kept thrusting and cumming, thrusting and cumming, totally lost in the ecstasy of the moment.

When I finally finished I pulled out of Jen's mouth. Poor Jen was gasping for air after swallowing what must have been a huge load of cum.

I bent down to touch her cheek and asked her if she was okay.

"Oh yeah. I've been dreaming about this night," she said. She stretched out and pulled my mouth to hers. I could taste myself on her lips as our tongues twirled together for a long, deep, passionate kiss.

After that I stepped aside and moved down to take my place at her left nipple.

Once every guy had cum in Jen's mouth, we took another pause. We'd been at it for the better part of an hour.

Chris appeared to refresh our drinks, while Jen announced that she was taking a moment to freshen up. She looked like she needed it as her beautiful body was gleaming with sweat and assorted cum was all over her face and hands.

She sauntered off into the bedroom with her ass calling attention to everyone in the room. Of all Jen's assets, her ass was definitely the best. Up until that moment, none of us had really seen it to it's best advantage. But watching that unfucked ass rocking it's way into the other room definitely put the wood back in all of us.

We stood around naked sipping our drinks, and then, after what seemed like forever, Jen finally reemerged.

"Are we ready for the main course now...?" Jen asked.

She was standing provocatively in the bedroom doorway, with one arm over her head, feet spread apart and leaning against the doorframe.

I was way beyond ready to fuck her, so I made the first move. I walked up to her in the doorway, grabbed her under her arms, and lifted her up against the doorframe. She wrapped her arms and legs around me as I pressed against her and kissed her deeply. I held her there for a couple of minutes, teasing her mouth with my tongue, before turning and carrying her to the king sized bed.

I tossed her onto the middle of the bed as the rest of the guys moved in around me.

Jen lay back and spread her knees wide, looking around at us as we gazed hungrily down at her. She ran her hands over body, stopping to cup and squeeze her tits, before sliding one hand down between her legs while slipping two fingers of the other in her mouth. Jen gave out a long hungry moan as she sank a finger inside her hairless pussy.
