 Ginny bit her lip nervously and pushed an annoying strand of hair back behind her ear. It was the fourth time she'd done it that morning, and she knew it wouldn't stay there. Another minute and she'd feel it slide out again and drop down to tickle at her chin. It'd been cut too short, that was the problem. She'd told Michelle that she'd cut it too short, but Michelle had convinced her that it looked good. Michelle always convinced her of that, it was her job after all. 

"You ok up there Gin?" Ollie called from the kitchen. 

"I'm fine." She called back, then blew out a breath and added under her breath: "Just having second, third and even fourth thoughts." 

But Ollie wouldn't understand her reluctance. He'd wanted this for a long time now after all. Hell, probably since they'd first started dating all those years ago. Maybe even before. And now here they were, married and living in a semi in the suburbs, and yet still this idea of his just hadn't quit. 

Sex with another man. A threesome. Ginny chuckled at the thought, then sighed. 

She'd never really been that into sex, even back when she'd been an inquisitive teen, curious about everything. Oh don't get her wrong though, she liked sex, loved it in fact, but she thought that there were more important things to worry about in life. 

Ollie however, thought otherwise. But then he would. He was a bloke after all. 

He'd first broached the subject of her fucking another man tentatively. He hadn't known what her response would be after all, and he loved her, really loved her, and didn't want her upset or thinking bad of him. He'd brought it up during a love making session and Ginny had thought it was so much dirty talk of his, just designed to spice things up a little. 

She'd laughed it off, much to Ollie's annoyance - they were fucking at the time after all, and he'd gone quiet on the subject for a little while. 

But of course, he'd brought it up again not a week later. This time they'd been lying naked together on the bed, her body still washed in the afterglow of orgasm, and this time he'd probed further. 

Again she'd not even entertained the idea though. They were married, husband and wife, and she only wanted him, that's why they were together. End of. 

He'd argued with her of course, he was stubborn like that. 

"It's nothing to do with love, sweetheart" Ollie had laughed, but she could tell he was exasperated too. 

"How can you separate the two things?" She'd countered. 

"How can you not? Love and sex don't have to be one and the same, Hun. We love each other, that's a given. We're perfect together and we have this amazing connection that can't be broken, not by anyone, Gin. Sex with someone else has got nothing to do with love. Look," He'd rolled over and propped himself up on his elbows, trying to get over his point. "When the two of us have sex, then that's exactly what it is, making love - You can feel it. But introducing someone else, either a man or a woman, won't alter that between us. The two of us'll still be making love, while the other person will just be a, I don't know, a utility, a sex-toy if you like. Just something to add another level of fun to the bedroom." 

"Ha, you put it so nicely. So what you're really saying is that you're not satisfied with just me?" Gin had huffed, but only playfully. 

She'd wriggled her bare bottom into Ollie's crotch and his penis had twitched in response. No, he was most definitely satisfied with her it seemed. He grabbed a bare breast and squeezed it gently and his cock twitched again as if to prove the point. 

"Of course I'm satisfied with you, you idiot!" He laughed. "This is just something extra, trying something new and expanding our horizons. Choose your cliché. Hey if we don't like it then we don't do it again, simple as that. How do you know you won't like it 'til you've tried it anyway?" 

He'd smiled at that, as though he'd got one over her, all smug and self-important. She reached out and grabbed his cock and squeezed it, but not too hard. 

"Ouch!" He squealed. 

"What if I find another cock I like that's much better than this little thing?" 

She laughed and Ollie laughed too, nuzzling into her neck and biting. 

"We both know that that won't happen don't we?" He laughed. 

She hadn't let go of his manhood, and had instead felt it grow in her hand as she slowly pumped it backwards and forwards getting him hard again. 

Her answer, whatever it would've been was lost to his kisses, and then they were fucking again, this time long and slow and serious. 

After that she'd thought of the idea herself a few times, kicking it around in her head and seeing what her body thought of the suggestion. Now she'd known it was all up to her she found she was less alarmed at the idea. She knew it was just a bit of fun, and if anything it'd strengthen their bond rather than shake it. Besides, she thought it might be fun to go 'window-shopping' together. 

This had been when she was soaking in a bubble bath after a hard day at work, and her hand had drifted down between her legs almost self-consciously. She'd stroked her pussy lips, freshly shaved of course, and was surprised and a little breathless to find she was wet. 

She'd masturbated slowly thinking of both Ollie and another man worshipping her together, like two lovesick puppies willing to do anything to please her. She thought how it would feel to hold a cock in each hand, pumping one after another, and then getting down on her knees to flick her tongue at them. 

She'd cum hard and quickly, surprised at the speed of the orgasm, and had bitten her tongue as she did - hard enough to draw blood. 

She hadn't told Ollie about that little episode. 

And so as time had gone on and Ollie had persisted with it, she'd had the time to think things through logically. Slowly she came to the conclusion that yes, perhaps it would be fun to try, and who knows, perhaps it could just be sex, with no other connotations wrapped up in it. And besides, if she did agree to it, Ollie would owe her big time. 

So she'd told him that she'd do it, just once, to see how it was, because fuck it, you only live once. She'd told him as they'd made love of course, it seemed she could tease just as much as him after all. 

She'd pushed him onto his back and straddled him, feeling his hard cock as it slid up inside her and she'd rubbed her clit against him and whispered to him, looking him dead in his eyes. 

"I want to fuck another man for you." 

The result had been hilarious. The look of confusion, suddenly melting into sheer joy and unadulterated love, only to be replaced by such sexual ecstasy that it was almost pain as he came inside her, had cracked her up so badly she'd rolled off him laughing, almost breaking his cock as she did it. 

And now here they were. 

She fussed at her hair again, feeling first date butterflies in her stomach. She could hear Ollie pacing backwards and forwards downstairs, moving through the house and wearing a patch in the carpet. 

She blew out a breath and held out her hands in front of her. They were shaking. 

They'd found a willing guy easily enough of course. They'd joined a reputable swinging site and spent nearly two hours sitting in front of the laptop together, laughing and creating their profile carefully, stating exactly what it was they were looking for and what kind of guy they were after. 

They'd spent nearly another hour trawling through Ollie's stash of sexy photos of her just to find the right one to upload with the profile. Of course, that had ended in sex too. 

All those pictures of her naked and posing, some on her hands and knees, some flashing from store changing rooms, had been too much for Ollie, and he'd pulled her to him with a growl and bent her over and fucked her hard, as though he needed release. It'd been amazing. 

The first few guys that replied hadn't been what they wanted at all, but Ginny had sent back a polite thanks, but no thanks email to them all. They were either too old, too ugly or just plain too big. Although this was mainly for Ollie's benefit, she told herself, she bloody well wanted to enjoy the experience too. After all, this might be the one and only time she'd have the balls to try it. 

And then one dull overcast afternoon, they'd received an email from a local guy named Mark. Ginny hadn't been expecting much, based on the other mails they'd had, but was pleasantly surprised to find a picture of a young, attractive and normal looking guy with short brown hair. 

Mark only lived across town and had recently split up with his long term girlfriend and was looking to maybe have a little fun. He'd seen their profile and was blown away at how beautiful she looked. 

Ginny had blushed as she'd read this and Ollie had laughed out loud, nudging her with his elbow. 

"You bloody well fancy him, don't you?" He'd laughed. 

It was true though, she couldn't deny it. She liked his picture very much. Mark had accompanied his picture with a short but sweet email, ending with his phone number and telling them that he'd love to hear from them, but understood if he wasn't for them. 

Ollie had wanted to email him back there and then, but Ginny, with her cheeks still flaming had wanted to wait. 

"I still need to get my head round this," She told Ollie patiently. He was still as excited as a kid on Christmas Day. 

"But you like him right?" Ollie asked, beaming, almost desperate for her to agree. 

"I think he looks nice, if that's what you mean. But don't get your hopes up, he could still turn out to be an internet weirdo." 

But he hadn't been, and Ginny had eventually relented and messaged him back, passing on her own number, and soon after they were texting each other, nervously at first, but Ginny soon got braver. 

After another week Mark suggested the three of them meet for a drink, and Ollie had jumped at the chance. 

Ginny had picked her outfit as carefully as if this was a first date, which she supposed when you thought about it, wasn't far from the truth of it. Ollie had helped pick out an outfit, and when she gave a twirl in her black skinny jeans and tight t-shirt, he couldn't help but wolf whistle appreciatively and admire his gorgeous wife. 

Ginny had swatted him playfully at that and laughed. 

"Stop it," she managed. "Seriously, how do I look?" She smoothed down her hair one last time and struck what she hoped was a sexy pose, hand on hip. 

Ollie had looked at her with such love and adoration that she'd felt touched, and more than a little excited herself. 

"Gin," Ollie said stepping forward and cupping her cheeks with both hands. "You are an amazing person. I love you so much." 

He kissed her lightly on the lips at first, and then a little harder, and then they were pulling at each other, tongues twirling and bodies hard against each other. 

It was Ollie, surprisingly, who'd pulled back. 

"Jesus, Gin." He managed between breaths. "We can't, I'm so fucking horny I'd cum before you even got my jeans off." 

Ginny had laughed at that, but she was horny too. She could feel her pussy slick and wet, and her lace panties were damp. Jesus this whole situation was affecting her more than she'd realised. She was desperate to cum. 

"I want you to keep this feeling going, though." Ollie said with a wicked smile. "I want this sexual tension to reach new fucking heights tonight, this 'quiet drink' is going to be all the foreplay we need and when we get home later I'm going to fuck your brains out." 

Ginny had bitten her lip as he spoke. She was loving this new dirty side of her husband, it was something she so rarely saw. She'd known he had a higher sex drive than hers, but lately it seemed his dials were ramped up to the max. But what she hadn't realised, was that her own sex drive now seemed to be trying to catch up. She'd never felt so sexual. 

Ginny smiled her own wicked smile, and looking her husband directly in the eyes unsnapped the zip on her jeans and wriggled her hips out of them. 

"Ginny..." Ollie's eyes almost bugged out his head. He swallowed hard and Ginny could almost hear the click in his throat. "We can't..." 

She stepped out of the jeans then hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties. The front of them was dark and wet and Ollie couldn't take his eyes away. 

Ginny pulled the panties down, oh so slowly, rolled them down her thighs and then past her knees, finally stepping out of them completely. Her freshly shaved pussy was glistening and puffy and red. It ached to be touched. She ran the lightest of fingers down the wet slit tracing her moistness, then lifted the finger to her lips and opened her mouth. 

Ollie's mouth hung open now, the bulge in his own jeans huge and obvious. 

Ginny herself felt light headed. She placed her finger in her mouth and sucked, tasting herself for perhaps the first time ever. She tasted good - hot and musky. 

"Gin..." Ollie tried again, but couldn't form the words. 

Then Ginny bent and snagged her jeans up and wriggled back into them, leaving her panties in a heap on the bedroom floor. 

"Fuck Gin. Fuck, you're so hot right now." Ollie was still having trouble with his sentence structure, so Ginny just smiled and patted his cheek. 

"Just remember, when we meet this guy tonight, remember how wet I am. And remember that I haven't got any panties on either..." With that she turned and left Ollie stammering behind her. 

The 'date' had been almost as hot as they'd imagined. 

It was a little awkward to begin with, but Mark was polite and Ollie charming, and before long the three of them were drinking and chatting like old friends. The wine had flowed and Ginny was feeling good, and when Mark reached under the table to put his hand on her knee, she found herself smiling and didn't pull away. 

At the end of the night Mark had walked the two of them to Ollie's car. It was dark and the carpark was fairly empty, the only streetlight a good distance away, and after Ollie and Mark had shaken hands and Mark turned to Ginny, she was just drunk and horny enough to pull him close and plant a soft, wet lingering kiss on his lips. 

There'd even been a little tongue action, which spurred Mark on to move his hands from her waist, down and around to first cup, and then squeeze her butt. 

After Mark had gone and the two of them were alone in the car, Ollie had turned to her to say something, and Ginny had lost it. She'd grabbed her husband's face and kissed him so fiercely that she'd bitten his lip hard enough to taste blood. 

Then she was fumbling with his jeans and had pulled out the biggest erection she'd ever seen him have, and had dropped down and swallowed it whole, bobbing up and down and sucking and slobbering like a woman possessed. 

Her pussy had throbbed and her jeans had been soaked through, and when Ollie mumbled that he was about to cum, she hadn't stopped, had just went gone on sucking and licking until she'd swallowed it all. 

Yes that had been a good night. And now here they were. 

"Gin?" Called Ollie again from below. 

Ginny clenched her hands into fists, trying to stop the shaking, then held them out, palms flat. They still shook, but it was manageable. 

"Ollie?" She answered. 

"You still OK?" He called. 

Ginny looked at herself in the mirror again, and was more than happy with what she saw. She was dressed only in black underwear - matching black bra and panties. The bra was a lacy push up number and squeezed her small breasts together giving her an amazing cleavage. Her panties were lace too, a thong, and she half turned so she could see her arse in the mirror. Even she could appreciate how good it looked. 

Ollie had come up the stairs now, restless in his pacing, and stood on the last step leaning over the balcony, joining her in staring. His grin was infectious. 

"Looks good doesn't it Gin." He said smiling. 

Ginny stuck her tongue out at him and turned back to the mirror. She didn't like to tell him so, but his easy going almost casual nonchalance at the situation was working wonders at calming her nerves. 

Hey, it's just another day, don't sweat the fact that a relative stranger's on his way over to do who knows what to you, so just go with the flow daddy-o. 

She tucked back the strand of hair that'd come loose again, cursing Michelle under her breath a final time as she did it. 

Ollie came to her and his arms snaked around her waist, pulling her close. He planted a gentle kiss on the join where her neck met her shoulder and Ginny shivered. 

"You look beautiful," Whispered Ollie trailing the kisses higher up her neck to her ear where he nibbled playfully. 

Ginny groaned in pleasure and closed her eyes. It felt wonderful. Ollie dropped one hand to her crotch and cupped her pussy over her panties. It was hot and wet and Ginny groaned again, this time harder, as she felt his fingers begin massaging at her clit. 

Ginny reached back her own hand and grabbed roughly at Ollie's jean covered butt, thrusting her crotch forward into his fingers, trying to make harder contact, but Ollie pulled his fingers away gently, and she felt him smile against her neck. 

"You fucking tease," She whispered, smiling herself now, but wanting more. 

She could feel an orgasm somewhere deep inside her, and was shocked at how turned on she'd become, so quickly. 

There was a knock at the door below. 

Ollie pulled away from her, but turned her to face him with strong hands on her shoulders. Ginny let herself be turned and looked up into her husband's beautiful blue eyes. His eyes were one of the things that'd drawn her to him all those years ago, his best feature. They were filled with love. 

"Remember Gin, whatever happens, happens only if you want it to. You can go as slow or as quickly as you like. You're in charge of all this and don't you forget it. Still, saying that..." Ollie smiled that crooked smile of his at her. That had been his second best feature. "Go crazy Hun. I'm so fucking horny right now, and this is just gonna blow my mind." 

Ginny laughed and swatted him away. 

"Go and let him in lover boy, and bring him up to the bedroom." She wiggled her ass at him one more time, then crossed the landing and entered the bedroom herself. 

As Ollie trotted down the stairs to let Mark in, Ginny crossed to the bed and sat demurely on its edge, crossing her long legs. Her heart pounded and her mind was a whirl of emotions - apprehension, trepidation, curiosity. But the most powerful, at the moment at least, was good old fashioned lust. 

Now that she'd agreed to do this (for Ollie, she kept trying to convince herself) she was excited beyond reason. She was looking forward to just letting loose, to becoming a different person for a few hours, someone she'd never been before. It was like she was swapping lives. 

On an impulse she stood up again and crossed to the wardrobe. She could hear muted conversation in the hallway, but couldn't make out the words. She opened the wardrobe door and pulled out the highest heels she owned. 

They were black and sleek and suited her outfit perfectly. She'd hardly worn them, they were too tall for a start, and the one time she had braved them, she'd tottered around so alarmingly that she hadn't dared since. She crossed back to the bed and pulled them on, sitting down to do it, then striking what she hoped was a sexy pose. And then, she waited. 

Her heart was hammering in her chest like a runaway train, and she realised her mouth had gone dry. She just had time to think 'What the hell am I doing?' when she heard the boys coming up the stairs. 

She heard Ollie say "After you," and then time seemed to stretch out around her, thick like melting taffy. Everything seemed to gain clarity, even though afterwards she wouldn't be able to remember exactly how it'd all played out. 
