 You may have already ready my stories about my wife's relationship with her cousin's big cocked boyfriend Charlie. After that first week when they'd had sex together at Nadia's house, she came home to me and she just couldn't get him out of her mind. It didn't help that I continually asked her to recall all the sordid details of her promiscuity. The description of his gorgeous rampant 10 inch cock with the throbbing mushroom headed glans only served to fuel our desires.

As he lived down near London and we were on the East coast I suggested we should invite him up for a dirty weekend. Of course, Irina didn't hesitate to agree. She texted him straight away and asked if he would like to stay with us Saturday and Sunday, adding that we could have a really naughty time. His acceptance came almost instantaneously and they exchanged erotic texts, Irina telling him how much she'd missed his big, stiff cock and all the dirty things she wanted to do to it and he said how much he'd missed the scent and feel of her sweet, married, hairy pussy.

After much eager waiting, the Saturday evening came round and we picked Charlie up from the train station and went into the town to a pub where all the young revelers went before moving on to the nightclubs. At the station, Irina had introduced me and we shook hands before Irina gave him a kiss which developed into a full on snog, then with tongues and his hands soon settled on my wife's peachy arse. When she withdrew her tongue she gave me a sexy look as if to tell me that was nothing compared to what they would be up to later.

At the club, we found a quietish corner and started chatting. Irina sat next to Charlie on a cozy bench seat and I sat opposite them. She was very scantily clad for the occasion with a skimpy sleeveless white top which hugged her ample breasts and showed off her cleavage and a short denim skirt which I always found sexy and I could tell Charlie did too. She didn't wear stockings but showed off her toned tanned legs on that hot summer evening. She wore an open sandal style shoe with medium thick heels.

When I came back with the second round of drinks, they were snogging again. Any inhibitions we may have had slowly drifted away. I saw another look in her eyes, this time a sort of desperation. Their hands had been busy under the table and they were both getting quite aroused. She had ben stroking his crotch and I noticed from afar her slightly splayed legs and I knew he'd had his hand in my wife's knickers feeling the wet warmth of her arousal.

Charlie excused himself to go to the Gents and I sat next to Irina. "Oh my God, darling. His cock is so big and hard. I just fucking want it so much," she gasped in her sexy Russian accent. I'd never seen her hornier. Her tongue was instantly in my mouth and I slipped my hand up her skirt and through the side of the red and black silk and lace knickers that I bought her as a Valentine's day present. She wasn't just damp but wet and hot and the feel of her silky smooth haven on my 2 fingers was sensational as I surreptitiously slid them in and out.

When Charlie came back, Irina beckoned him to sit on the other side of her. "Thank you," I said to him. "I've never known her as horny as this." She guided his hand back up her skirt and soon I felt his hand alongside mine in Irina's knickers. She bit her lip hard so as not to cry out in ecstasy as 2 of Charlie's fingers slid into her cunt with mine.

Within a minute we were leaving and on our way back to the car. The daylight was starting to recede now. We walked across a car park to reach our car which was parked on the roadside. Irina was holding Charlie's hand and she suddenly dragged him to a secluded alleyway she'd spotted. "Oh darling, I want to suck your cock so much. I can't wait. I need it now," she blurted out distractedly.

No one else was around and I followed. They were snogging again and his hands were caressing her arse as she undid his belt and flies. Then she was on her knees with her denim skirt riding up. She pulled his jeans and boxer shorts down and I watched in awe as his amazing cock sprang out. Now I understood. She didn't waste time licking his balls this time but just rolled his foreskin right back and took him between her soft warm lips. She'd never sucked me like I watched her sucking him. His girth stretched her lips wide open as she took his glans and only the top of his veiny shaft before her mouth was totally full of him. She held his shaft with one hand and her other stayed up her skirt and caressed her clit and pussy. I stood guard for by passers, becoming increasingly agitated by the stiffness of my own cock. She was lucky as she got a full 5 minutes to suck her lover's cock before a gang of teenagers interrupted us and we made our way back to the car.

Irina got in the back with Charlie. Before I even set off she'd got his cock out again and I could hear the sound of her wanking him. Our home was 7 miles away but she asked me to drive to a nearby nature reserve which has a car park that is open all night but deserted after dark and it was almost dark now. 

I checked the rear view mirror but I only saw Charlie with an expression of lustful desire on his face. He was stroking her beautiful long brown hair and then he began to knead her lovely tits. I could recognise the sounds of my wife's oral attentions and the slurping of pure cocksucking had finished and now she licked around his glans , up and down his shaft and I sensed she would tongue his tight, hairy balls. I couldn't help glancing back when I safely could to catch some detail. She had to pause briefly so Charlie could pull off her skimpy top. 

As we arrived Charlie unclipped her bra and slipped it off and Irina stroked the big head over her hardening nipples. There was still one car in the car park but luckily the owners were just coming back to their car and about to leave. We couldn't really wait any longer. My erection was straining at my trousers. As Irina already had her bra off, she didn't lift her head but just continued to pleasure her lover's thick manhood. I could watch now but the sight was too much. I had to pull my trousers and boxer shorts down and wank as I watched Irina enjoying that big cock. "Let's get these clothes off, darling. I want you naked," she said as she tugged his trousers , boxer shorts and shoes off all in one desperate surge.

"They've gone now," I said. She got up, still gently wanking Charlie. I was busy reclining the passenger seat as Irina unbuttoned Charlie's shirt and took it off. Irina lifted her bum so Charlie could clumsily pull off her denim skirt. I got a blanket out of the boot to lay on the reclined seat. "It's ready now babe. Why don't you lay on here so Charlie can fuck you." She climbed over and looked us both in the eye as she took her knickers off. We looked awestruck at her sexy body and the revealing of the pussy and arse we both so craved. 

"Take your clothes off baby. I want your cock as well," she said to me as she laid down. She spread her legs and put her feet on the dashboard. "I just want you to fuck me hard with your big cock, Charlie," she commanded huskily. He climbed over. Irina looked amazing, her body made for sex, slim, well toned, tanned skin, beautiful big full tits, perfect round arse and finally the most gorgeous fanny you've ever seen with a thick brown bush and thick engorged labia. Irina was breathing deeply in anticipation and Charlie similar. 

I sat in the back now and I don't think I've ever stripped so quickly, my 7 inches of love muscle ready to go, not like Charlie's 10 inches, but still rampantly stiff. Charlie's glans rubbed around my wife's cunt, then deep hard moans as he thrust inside her, not the full length initially but slow thrusts about 7 inches deep, teasing her, the girth exciting her, his pelvis grinding on her clit. She was moaning deeply, noisily and ecstatically continuously as he fucked, now balls deep. I caressed her full breasts and then pushed my tongue into her mouth as Charlie fucked her with long deep strokes. Then he started to fuck her harder and quicker. Her breathing was much deeper and her cries louder, then her body virtually convulsed as she came, holding his arse tightly, clamping her soaking pussy around his huge cock.

I was running my tongue around her lips and tongue while she came. He stayed deep inside her, savouring her orgasm which seemed to go on for 20 seconds or more, then he tensed and came hard and she went to kiss him. They snogged hard as he unloaded all his semen deep into my wife's cunt. He gently thusted into her cervix after cumming. I was knelt close by and Irina reached out with her right hand and tightened it around my cock. She wanked me hard as they continued their lovemaking. Finally Charlie slipped out. It was the first time I hadn't seen him fully erect but he was still huge.

"Your turn, darling," she said so I moved between her thighs. I looked down at the spunk dribbling out of my wife's pussy and then guided myself into her gaping cunt. We kissed for a start but then she started to become aroused again and we were soon just shagging. I felt Charlie's sticky semen lubricating us. I was so horny that within minutes I tensed. "Go on darling . Give me all your spunk," she cried.

I pulled out and wanked off all over Irina's body, one streak across her cheek, one over her lips and an absolute soaking for her tits and belly. I stroked my spunky bellend over her cunt lips and let it dribble on her bush.

We got cleaned up and dressed and made our way back to our flat. Irina and Charlie sat in the back snogging all the way and by the time we got there we were getting horny again. Irina took him into the living room whilst I got us drinks. I'd left a couple of things in the car, so it was a few minutes before the drinks were ready. 

When I went in, Irina was on a!l fours naked and sucking Charlie's cock again. He stroked her hair as she pleasures his now full erection. I removed my clothes and knelt behind Irina. I fondled her arse cheeks and kissed her thighs and bum, gradually circling in on her prize assets. 

She spread her legs and I ran my tongue over her cunt lips and down onto her clit and then back up over her labia, up her arse crack and pushed my tongue against her tight brown puckered arsehole. Then I laid underneath her and she ground herself onto my face. I held her open and pushed my tongue as far inside her as I could. I tasted the saltiness of their combined love juices. 

Irina got up and turned to me. She held Charlie's cock and I watched as she sat down on it. The engorged head stretched her labia apart. "I want to suck your cock, darling," she said, looking into my eyes as she rode her lover. She leant forward and at last Irina gave me head. Luckily the flat below us was empty so I didn't worry about all the noise Irina was making as she enjoyed our cocks. 

We soon swapped around and she rode me as she sucked Charlie. Then we moved to the bedroom and took it in turns to fuck Irina doggy style as she sucked cock at the other end. When Charlie took her from behind , she came hard again and I started cumming in her mouth and then shot jets on her face and neck. Charlie pulled out and came all over Irina's back and arse. We basically collapsed exhausted and fell into a deep sleep, Irina between us 2 guys.

In the morning I had to work for a few hours. I left Irina in Charlie's trusty hands or trusty cock I should say. As soon as they woke up he made love to my wife. She told me there was lots of kissing but he was inside her for about half an hour, purely in the missionary position. There were periods of hard fucking interspersed with gentler lovemaking but after they'd both cum they got up and put dressing gowns on to have breakfast. 

I was due home at 1. When they'd had breakfast, they chatted before Irina took him to the shower. She remembered last time they had a shower together, how he had pushed her face against the shower screen and mercilessly fucked her from behind. Now she felt aroused between her legs again. This time they snogged and soaped each other clean, gradually turning each other on. He sucked her breasts like never before and slipped 2 fingers up her fanny, grinding the palm of his hand on her clit. Their fingers were slippery with soap. 

She couldn't believe the arousal she felt when he effortlessly slipped a finger up her arsehole. His cock, she noticed was suddenly fully erect. They dried off and went to the bedroom. Irina grabbed some lube for him out of the drawer and grabbed the phone. Charlie laid on his back and they got into a 69er. Irina soon had him back in her mouth and Charlie licked her cunt and teased her anus with lube. It felt nice as he worked lots of lube into her arsehole and worked his finger in and out. It was about twenty to one, so she rang me at work.

"When will you be home, darling? Guess what we're doing right now." She whimpered as a second digit slipped into her rectum. I could hear her wanking his cock near the phone. "I've got a nice surprise for you."

I hurried home and on entering the bedroom I was met with the sight of my wife on all fours, her anus gaped and shone with lubricant. Charlie's cockhead pushed at her opening. She cried out in a mixture of ecstatic need and discomfort. The glans past her sphincter and more easily the greased shaft filled her rectum. I was soon naked and Irina sucked my cock. "This is your reward, darling. Do you want to fuck my arse now?"

Charlie pulled out, leaving a gaping hole between Irina's pert cheeks. I reached round and fondled her swinging breasts as I buggared my wife. Inevitably she had Charlie back in her mouth and I shagged her like that for 6 or7 minutes before filling her arse with my semen.

She then laid on her side and I watched as Charlie lifted her leg and slipped into her from behind. His cock felt best inside her missionary so she laid on her back again and he fucked her like that. After another 20 minutes of relentless shagging Irina came. This time he pulled out of her and he tit fucked her, holding him between her perfect breasts before spunk spurted on her face again.

For the time being we were totally assuaged and treated Charlie to a late lunch before taking him back to the station. Well, it was the least we could do after the shagging he'd given my wife that weekend.