 Dinner had been delicious. They hadn't eaten at the Olive Garden in awhile, but to be fair, a meal without the kids was great no matter what they were eating. Foregoing dessert with the promise of something sweet later, Jake ushered Julia out the door to their truck. 

"Now the real fun begins," he told her as he reached behind her seat, "Tonight is all about pleasuring you. I am going to give you sensations and feelings you've never had before. But to do it, we need to heighten your senses. So you need to wear a blindfold until I tell you to take it off." 

Julia looked at him apprehensively, as if she was going to make an argument against it. 

Sensing her reluctance he told her, "Trust me. If at anytime you really want to take it off, just say...Octopus, and then I'll know you really want it off. Ok?" 

"Sure, why not," she answered, closing her eyes as he covered them. When he was done he sat back. 

"Be honest," he said, "can you see anything." 

She took a minute to move her head this way and that before replying, "Not a thing, I'm blind as a bat." With that he started the truck and headed off.

Julia had a hard time trying to determine how long they drove for. After a while the truck stopped and Jake put it in park. She heard him get out and walk around to her door. He helped guide her from the truck into a room, or so she guessed when she heard the door close. Jake led her to a bed and had her sit down. 

"Do you want a drink, or do you need to use the bathroom?" he asked as he knelt in front of her. 

"No, I'm ok for now," she replied turning her head around, as if she were looking. 

"How's the temperature in here, do you want it warmer?" he asked. 

Julia smiled one of her amazing smiles that lit her face up with joy, "You know me so well. Yeah, crank the heat up." She felt him rise from before her and walk away from her. 

As the heat kicked on Jake asked her, "Are you ready to start your night of pleasure?" Feeling the pina-colada she had drank at dinner buzzing through her head she shook her head yes. She sensed him nearing her and smiled at him as he placed his hands on her shoulders and gently laid her down. His hands trailed down her black dress, and over her nylon covered legs. One by one he removed her shoes and rubbed her feet, placing kisses all over them. Julia sighed as he ran his hands up her legs and under her dress. Slowly he pulled her nylons down, kissing her legs as they were exposed. Again his hands found their way under her dress, this time they tugged her thong down her legs. She wriggled on the bed as he moved between her legs, spreading them wide as he kissed his way upwards, making her dress bunch at her stomach. He gently kissed her nearly bare pussy, blowing softly on her. 

Moaning she gripped his head and pulled it hard against her sex begging him, "Lick me baby...put your tongue in me." Jake gently took her hands from his head and rose from between her legs. Kneeling next to her on the bed he had her sit up, and then he removed her dress and bra. 

Laying her back down he said, "You are so incredibly sexy. I hope you know that." She smiled and turned her head in the direction of his voice. 

"I'm glad you think so babe," she answered him. 

Climbing off the bed he said, "You know it isn't just me. Men look at you all the time. You are pretty, beautiful, and sexy. Just accept it." Getting her nylons he moved back to the head of the bed. Bending down he kissed her, growing harder as her tongue thrust between his lips. 

Breaking the kiss he said, "Boy aren't we the feisty one." 

Julia grinned at him. "This blindfold is turning out to be quite the turn on," she admitted as she wiggled on the bed. Jake leaned over her and tied the nylons to the head board, and then to her wrists. 

Julia gave a small tug and said, "Oh you are being naughty aren't you." When Jake didn't answer right away she grew nervous. "Honey?" she called. 

"I'm here babe," he replied, "now we need to heighten your sense of touch a little more. So I'm done making noise, and talking. I'm going to put on some soft background music, and then I'm going to run to the soda machine for a couple of waters and some ice." Julia started to protest but he cut her off. "I'll be gone for maybe five minutes, but I won't leave you alone." 

She jumped as a low buzzing noise appeared at her ear. At first uncertain what it was, it became perfectly clear as he gently slid the vibrator into her wetness. She moaned as the vibrations coursed through her. It was on the low setting, the one that was more of a tease. "I'll be right back," he called. Julia heard the music start, and all the quiet soft sounds she had grown accustomed to hearing disappeared. The door opened and shut quickly, and then she was alone. 

After what seemed like and eternity, she heard the door open and close again. "I'm back," he said, "I won't be saying much of anything anymore. So enjoy the night." 

The music was very soft, but loud enough to drown out the quiet sounds. She felt him kneel near her head, and turned towards him. His erect cock poked her in the cheek when she turned to face him. Parting her lips she drew him in savoring the feeling of his warmth and hardness between her lips. Jake leaned toward her feet and turned the vibrator to a higher speed as he began sliding it back and forth into her wet pussy. Julia moaned around his cock as he masturbated her. 

Withdrawing from her mouth he removed the vibrator from her pussy and laid it next to her, leaving it on. 

"Oh not fair," she begged as she tried to turn herself enough to get the vibrator between her legs again. She felt his hand suddenly on her right leg as the bed dipped under his weight. She screeched in ecstasy as he brought the vibrator to her clit. 

"Oh God baby, just like that...oh my God," she moaned as he trailed it around and around. She groaned as she felt a sudden pressure at her pussy, and then he was in, his testicles resting on her ass. But it wasn't as warm, and it was just a little harder than a real cock. 

"Oh you keep teasing me," she said with rapid breath as he slid the dildo between her parted legs. Leaning down he kissed her on the neck and breasts, and then drew back. Moving around her carefully, he got to the other side of the bed. Leaning over he kissed her on the lips, upside down. Startled and excited she returned the kiss. Moving away quickly and quietly he kissed her on the right side of her stomach, drawing a sigh as his tongue trailed down to her thigh, and then disappeared. He continued to surprise her, moving around and touching her from a different direction again and again until she could no longer guess where he was. The combination of the pleasure she was receiving and the heat from the heater had caused Julia to work up a slight sweat, coating he body with a glistening sheen. 

Startled by his voice she jumped as she heard Jake say from her right side, "You look sexier than ever." The bed sank a little under his weight as he climbed onto it again. Running a hand up her legs he removed the dildo and slid a finger into her wetness as his mouth fell to her breast. While gently sucking her nipple between his lips, his finger swirled inside her in the way that drove her wild. 

"Make me cum baby, please make me cum," she begged him as her orgasm neared. Taking his finger from her he spread her legs and gently teased her pussy lips with his finger. 

"Baby no...please make me cum," she begged rolling from side to side. 

Releasing her nipple he whispered to her, "I want you to cum in my mouth." Jake withdrew from the bed again. Moments later Julia gasped as his wet tongue penetrated her deeper than she had ever felt it before. 

"Oh God yes," she moaned as his tongue fucked her, "I'm gonna cum...oh baby...it's here...it's..." Her words were lost in a jumble of moans and squeals as her pent up orgasm erupted from deep within her. 

She felt his weight as he knelt between her legs, his hands spreading her legs wider. He was teasing her again, rubbing his hard cock up and down her wet opening and slapping it against her clit, sending bolts of pleasure through her each time. 

"I need you in me," she pleaded with him as she thrust her pelvis at him, trying to get him to enter her. Placing one hand flat on her taught stomach, he used the other to guide his penis into her. 

Julia grunted as he filled her. "You feel so big...oh God it's amazing..." she moaned as he pistoned his hips between her legs. She locked her ankles behind his back, pulling him deeper with every thrust. Julia could feel another orgasm building, as his balls bounced off her ass again and again. Squeezing her legs tightly on him she screamed, "I'm cumming...oh yes...please stop...let me rest..." 

Unlocking her legs she let them fall to the bed. She could feel his weight move as he left the bed. She could sense him at the side of the bed. His hands turn her gently on her side, and then he slid behind her. Lifting her leg he entered her from behind. He moved slowly at first, drawing contented moans and sighs from her parted lips. Lifting her leg higher he pumped faster, slamming his cock deep into her, stifling his grunts of pleasure as she drew him to climax. Unable to speak Julia howled with pleasure as he gave a grunt and buried his cock in her. She could feel him pinching it at the base to keep from cumming in her as he withdrew his softening penis. 

Lying on the bed panting, she felt him leave the bed again. She could hear the water running in the bathroom, and then it stopped. Knowing it would take him at least a few minutes to recover after such an intense orgasm, Julia decided to tease him some. 

"Oh baby, you can't be done yet, I need more of your hard cock," turning onto her hands and knees she wiggled her ass and thrust it in the air saying, "here I am baby, come give me some more good luvin." 

She felt the bed sag under his weight, assuming he was going to use his fingers until he was hard again. Swaying her hips from side to side she said, "Don't keep me waiting." 

Feeling his hand on her ass she groaned as he penetrated her again. Gripping her waist he slammed into her fast, his stomach slapping off her ass with every thrust. Gripping the head board Julia could only moan as he pumped her faster and faster. Within minutes he withdrew his cock and slid it between her ass cheeks, as he sprayed her back with his hot semen. 

Julia collapsed on the bed, fighting for breath. "My God you're amazing," she panted to him as she lay face down. Again she heard the sink run briefly then stop. She felt him turn her over again, and then his lips on hers. Kissing him as much with love as with lust, their tongues dueled between their parted lips. 

Mounting the bed he climbed between her legs and entered her again. Shocked at his staying ability she moaned and tossed her head from side to side as he entered her again and again. Julia grunted when he placed her legs on his shoulders, allowing him to penetrate her deeper than before. Slowly he fucked her, filling her over and over as her climax built again. With a squeal and a shriek she came, her pussy clamping down on his cock like a vice. He grunted and withdrew from her, placing his cock on her pelvis as he spurted his white cum across her stomach. 

He collapsed next to her and whispered to her, "I love you. I hope you've had fun so far." Turning to face him she kissed him again. "We need more ice," he told her, "I'll be right back." 

Before she could beg him to stay, she heard the door open and close. A few minutes later the door again opened and closed quickly. 

Jake turned the music off and sat at the end of the bed, rubbing her feet. "Would you like your blindfold off?" he asked her as his hands worked her calves, "then you can watch the fun we just made, since I recorded it." 

Tugging at the nylons she said, "I'd like to be untied too. I can't believe you recorded it. I should have known what the blindfold was for." 

Jake removed her blindfold and untied her arms. "The blindfold was really to heighten your senses, recording it was just an after thought. Tell you what," he said drawing her into his arms, "if you don't like it, I'll get rid of it after we watch it." 

Kissing him she answered, "Let me clean up while you set it up, then we'll watch as much of it as I can. You know I hate seeing myself on camera." 

He grinned as he watched her firm upside down heart shaped ass walk away from him towards the bathroom. 

Jake chuckled when she called out, "You didn't tell me there was a Jacuzzi in here." 

He set the camera up so they could watch it through the rooms DVD player. They climbed into the unused bed naked, and cuddled up as Jake pushed play. 

She watched as he played with the vibrator and dildo teasing her and driving her wild; and then part her legs and tongue fuck her until she came in his mouth, begging him to enter her. 

Julia watched as Jake stepped back towards the camera out of site. A second later someone else approached the bed. The man was in great shape, his muscles toned and firm. She could see his tight ass and curly black hair as he knelt between her legs, and then entered her. Her heart raced as she watched an unknown man fuck her. She couldn't take her eyes from the screen. She watched in lust as she begged him to let her rest, and he walked out of the shot, Jake walking back in. Jake climbed behind her and entered her from behind. 

Julia watched as he pinched his cock when he came, and walked from the bed out of the scene to the bathroom. Julia watched as she wiggled her ass in the air teasing him, and the unknown man again climbed onto the bed. She felt herself grow wetter with excitement as she watched this unknown stud fuck her from behind until she came. She watched as he placed his cock between her ass cheeks and sprayed his cum all over her back. 

Julia watched as Jake turned her over, and entered her again. She moaned as he slipped two fingers into her wetness as they watched themselves on the screen. With a soft moan she came on his hand, at the same time he came on her stomach on the TV. 

Jake pushed stop and looked at her, "I told you I was going to give you a night of sensations and feelings you've never had before." 

She kissed him deeply and looked into his eyes. "Is he still here?" she asked looking around the room. 

"No, he's not in the room," Jake answered. 

Julia sat up and looked down at him. "Is he close by, or is he gone?" she asked him with a small smirk on her face. 

"I could have him back here pretty quickly," Jake replied, "why?" 

Julia straddled him his semi erect cock, "I'd like to meet the mystery man, and maybe we could make another movie...one that has all three of us in it?" 

Jake pulled her down to him and said, "That can be arranged."