 Iris left her building, feeling the cum on her tits start to dry. Her thong was a mess of her own girl cream and the guys cum, even though she knew she should go home and change Iris felt sexier than she ever had strutting around the campus with loads of spunk slowly leaking out of her pussy and ass. Her tiny little witch's outfit was getting lots of admiring looks and whistles. 

At the frat house Iris wanted to start the night right, so she got a beer and a couple of shots of vodka. 

Time to look around Iris thought. The party was really going by then, loads of hot guys dressed in dorky outfits and loads of hot girls dressed in tiny, sexy outfits. One girl really caught Iris's eye, she was dressed in a tiny white dress with a red cross over one breast, her long legs were covered in white, fishnet stockings and suspenders. The dress was so short Iris could see her underwear, a silky white thong that already looked damp. 

"Hmm, a fellow slut. Perhaps I should introduce myself."

As Iris was walking over to the girl she was intercepted by a tall guy with a tight t-shirt clinging to his large chest muscles and huge arms.

"Hey, beautiful. Why don't I get you a drink?" Iris immediately forgot about the girl and started to think about this guy's cock. 

"Sure thing, handsome." Iris drank her beer back in one go and gave her glass to the guy. 

"I'll have a large glass of you, please."

"Beer will have to do, for now." He said with a wink.

The guy was called Jim and he kept giving Iris drinks for about an hour, he also felt her tits and pussy, noting how wet she was and even asking her if she had a load of cum in her cunt. The beer and the liquor were working their magic on Iris, that and having two fingers in her pussy while stood in a public room full of people. Her last shot tasted kind of funny, a bit sharper than the one before and Iris suddenly felt very, very drunk indeed. Drunk and horny, super horny. 

In her drunk, horny state she noticed the slutty nurse from before going upstairs. Iris suddenly want to fuck that girl more than anything.

"Hey, Jim. I'm feeling a bit light headed. Could take me up stairs to lie down for a minute?" 

"Sure thing, babe."

Half way up the stairs Iris stumbled and fainted, right on cue and right in to Jims big arms. 

Iris came to as she was being shaken. She thought it was her roommate shaking her shoulder, until she opened her eyes.

She was looking in to Jim's face as he lay above her, she was shaking because Jim on top of her, fucking her so hard she was being thrown around the big bed she was. Jim was good looking, and his cock felt huge in her pussy so Iris wrapped her arms around his neck, threw her long legs around his waist and enjoyed being ploughed by a well hung stud. 

See her wake up Jim began to really pound her pussy, driving in to her with all his strength. He felt her cling to him, then felt her pussy get even wetter than it was so he knew he had made the right choice. He lifted himself up and drove his cock hard in to her pussy before cuming in to her cunt.

The last, hard thrust told Iris what was to come. She tensed the muscles in the walls of her pussy and milked Jim's cock for all it was worth, letting out a low moan as he filled her pussy with yet more hot spunk. He thrust his cock in to her a few more times until she had drained him dry.

"Mmm, thanks stud. I needed a good fuck. But you didn't need to get me that drunk. I'd fuck you in a heartbeat." Iris still felt drunk but she was also super horny. Even more horny than normal. As Jim stood up iris tried to sit up only to find that she was wearing a silk collar round her neck, this was attached to a chain that was secured to the wall by a thick metal ring.

"Don't worry hun. You'll enjoy what comes next. You will enjoy it." Jim spoke very forcefully while looking right in to her eyes. This seemed to reassure her even while a part of her mind rebelled at the idea. 

Jim moved aside to she Iris the pretty, slutty nurse from before, she had the same collar and chain as Iris, and the same blissed, trusting look in her eyes that Iris thought must be in hers. 

"Iris, this is Erica. Erica, Iris. Now Iris has been very naughty and she already had lots of cum in her before she arrived. Our guests won't like that so you have to clean her up Erica. The only way you know how."

Iris lay back as she felt Erica climb on to the bed by her feet. She slowly moved up her body until she got her knees. Erica's tongue snaked out and began to lick Iris's skin clean. The walk over had allowed the boys cum to leak all the way down to her knees where it had dried. 

Erica's tongue felt hot and smooth as she slowly licked up the inside of Iris's thighs, cleaning and soothing the skin as she went. At the top of her legs Erica slowly parted her thighs wide and took a good, long look at Iris's pussy. Plump and swollen from her most recent fuck, and still leaking a lot of cum. Erica knew that Jim's was not the first cock Iris had fucked that evening. 

Erica was a stunning girl, not too tall but with long legs. Long brown hair that fell in thick locks down her back. Erica had perfect tits as well, full and round but still firm with nipples hard and ripe to be sucked. All of this was topped off by the face of an angel, although she had a smile that showed her naughty side, and it was very naughty indeed. She had had her fair share of guys after her 18th birthday, and had gone cock crazy when she got to college. She had already fucked most of the guys in most of her classes so she knew what a cunt full of spunk looked like. She had taken enough home with her in the past.

The heady scent of Iris's cum filled cunt got her pussy leaking and she was tempted to start fingering herself as she ate this girl's soaking pussy.

"Hey, Erica. It would be so hot if you left her pussy till last. Make this nasty girl beg for you to eat her. That would be amazing."

The idea seemed perfect to Erica, but she didn't know why. What the girls didn't know was that this frat house had its own chemistry student who had made a new drug. It knocked girls out for a short while, like they were really drunk. When they came round they were super horny and very open to suggestion. Give this drug to a pair of hot, wet sluts and they would do anything.

Erica smiled as she moved up past the girl's pussy and began raining kisses on her flat stomach. As Iris moaned in frustration Erica moved north and took one of her nipples in her mouth, biting it lightly as she pinched the other nipple. The taste of dried cum on Iris's tits sent Erica mad with lust and she began licking all over her tits. Trying to find every drop of dry cum on her skin. The trail of sperm took Erica up Iris's long neck and to her mouth. The two girls were so hot by know they shared a long, deep, passionate kiss. 

Iris knew she wasn't gay, she had never really fucked a girl before, just fooled around a little. For some reason this hot girl in this hot situation made her kiss the girl back, praying she would go back and sooth her, by now burning pussy. 

Erica broke the kiss and looked in to Iris's eyes, see pure lust there Erica began kissing her way back down Iris's body. Her skin was so hot and smelt so good that Erica couldn't help herself. Back between her legs she lapped all around Iris's pussy, drinking in the taste of her pussy juice mixed with wet cum. She suddenly stuck her tongue deep in to the hot pot in front of her, causing a cry of joy from Iris. Her cunt tasted so good that Erica kept dipping her tongue in and dragging out long ropes of spunk before swallowing each one down. 

Iris was writhing on the bed in pure heaven. Erica's tongue was talented and long, making Iris cum and cum again in her mouth. She felt Erica slowly move away as her last orgasm ebbed away.

"Don't stop yet, baby." She heard Jim say. "I'm sure she took a load of cum in her but as well. It would be amazing if you ate her ass too. Do it, baby. For me." 

Iris lifted her legs up high, revealing her ass hole to Erica, who quickly dipped her tongue in to the hot button. Slowly forcing it open so she could like the honey from her pot. Iris had never had her ass eaten before, and as Eric's strong tongue wormed its way inside she decided that she liked it, a lot. The feeling of her tongue cleaning out her cum splattered ass sent Iris over the edge. She clamped her thighs around Erica's head and screamed.

"I'm cumming all over you, your fucking bitch. Eat my ass and make me cum your whore. You anal whore I fucking love it. Yesssssssssssssss." Iris lost all control and went stiff as her body went in to spasm, cum poured out of her pussy all over Erica's face. Until she sagged down, letting out a very contented sigh. Erica moved up Iris's body and kissed her before lying next to her. 

Having her pussy and her ass eaten out until she orgasmed has left Iris feeling warm and fuzzy inside, but still sort of horny. Normally a good orgasm left her sated for a little while, but not tonight. She felt Erica rubbing her pussy on her thigh as the two girls lay together so she guessed that the girl was still hot and horny as well. Jim took hold of Erica's leash and tied it to the metal bed stead near her head. He stood back and looked at the sight of two hot girls lying next to each, glowing from recent orgasms.

"Hey stud, don't stand there with your dick in your hand. My new best friend needs to cum and I think your cock would fit in her pussy just right. You mount up and I'll play with her tits as you fuck her."

Iris felt Erica tense slightly as Jim started to ease his cock in to her, so she kissed the girl to help her relax. They locked together in a long, passionate kiss feeling each other's bodies as Erica began to rock to Jim's rhythm.

When they broke the kiss and looked in to each other's eyes the both suddenly noticed that the room was full of guys. Naked guys. Naked guys with hard cocks. 

"Well I see the entertainment has arrived." Whispered Erica as Iris's body responded without a thought. Her skin flushed hot, her nipples turned even harder and her now clean pussy began to leak again. 

"I need some dick, honey. I'll be back to see you soon." With that Iris kissed Erica again and wiggled out from underneath her leaving her Jim's cock. When she stood up she noticed that one guy was already on the bed offering Erica his cock to suck. Something she did with enthusiasm. 

Iris noticed that the guys were all different. Well-built jocks with thick dicks, nerdy looking guys with average ones and a few shy guys with small ones as well. There must have been ten guys in the room with the two girls, all waiting to be serviced.

Iris pointed to a big guy with a thick cock, "You can have my pussy first, big boy." She then pointed to a guy with a small cock, "And I'm going to suck you off while he fucks me. You are going to get the blow job of your life." 

Both guys looked pleased as Iris got on all fours on the bed next to Erica. Her head next to Erica's ass and her ass next to Erica's head. Seeing Erica in full swing, sucking and fucking cock while her lovely tits swayed under her made Iris feel competitive. 

"I can out-fuck her all night." She thought. She still managed to plant a kiss on her ass a though.

The big guy eased his cock in to Iris still tight cunt and sighed at the feeling. The little stood in front her Iris and his eyes bulged as she immediately swallowed his whole cock, deep throating him again and again. She only just noticed her own leash being tied to the metal bed frame near her head, but she was too horny to care. 

Big got in to a good rhythm and slowly built up speed until he was pounding Iris's cunt good and hard. She had to take small out of her mouth in order to talk dirty to all the guys. 

"That's it stud. Fuck that cunt like it's the last one you'll ever see. Pound my pussy, babe make me cum all over your cock." 

She took small back in her mouth and pressed her nose deep in to his pubic hair feeling his cock slid to the top part of her throat as it began to pulse. She pulled off a little and let him pump his cum in to her mouth. Iris savoured every tasty drop. 

As he pulled his softening dick from her mouth she showed him and the rest of the guys her mouth full of cum before swallowing it all down. 

The sight of her swallowing a mouth load of cum sent big over the edge and he pumped her pussy full of sperm. He slammed his hips in to her ass and let rip with load after load of boiling hot cum. Iris loved the feeling and let out a cry as she had her own small orgasm.

After she calmed down slightly she winked at small

"Thanks sweetie, you taste great." 

She looked over her shoulder at big and he slowly pulled his deflating cock out of her cunt and winked at him. "You were fucking awesome. I love your cum in my pussy."

As she looked at Erica she could see the guys using her had changed. She was being used but three guys now. One on his back under her, fucking her pussy. A guy stood behind her clearly loving fucking her ass by the look of bliss on his face. The third was stood at her head while she sucked his dick.

"Right guys. I have three hot, tight and wet holes and there is not a cock in any of them. Are you men or mice? Fuck me, boys. Use and abuse all my holes. I'm just a worthless cum-dump waiting for you. Get your dicks in me now."

This did the job and three guys leapt at her. One lay down and eased his cock in to her pussy. She felt big's cum and her own cream being squeezed out as his thick cock filled her pussy. She felt the next guy spit on her ass and massage it in to the hole with his finger. Iris relaxed and felt her butt hole open as an invitation to the guys dick. He didn't disappoint and quickly rammed his cock in whole. Iris's world exploded in pleasure as she was filled with two wonderful cocks. She threw her head back and screamed. "Yes, that's it. Fuck this worthless whore." 

When she opened her eyes she saw a nice big cock in front of her waiting for her mouth. She looked the guy in the eye and just opened her mouth as wide as it would go. He took two big handfuls of hair and began to fuck her mouth and throat like it was a pussy. Being made fully airtight and full of cock made Iris's eyes roll back in head with the joy and pleasure of it all. 

Over the next two hours both girls were used by a succession of men. Some came in, fucked one of the girls in a waiting hole and left, but Iris noticed a few guys stayed. They managed to fuck both girls once and then stood around watching or went to get beers. 

Slowly guys began to leave. The two girls were tired and full of cum but still horny, although neither of them could understand why. A night like this would normally sort out a girl, even if she was a real cock slut like Iris.

"Time for the final show guys. Close the door." Jim was back and in control. The girl's leashes were untied and they were lead to the middle of the room on their hands and knees. Iris's leash was tugged hard until she was just on her knees. She felt Erica behind her and the girls were suddenly back to back. Iris's leash was wrapped around her neck and Erica's, and Erica's leash was tied up the same way. Effectively tying them together. 

The boys all stood around them in a circle wanking their cock's faster and faster. 

"You dirty sluts need a shower before we kick your skanky ass's out on the street. Open your filthy, whore mouths and you might even get to taste more cum."

The girls watched, eye's wide open and mouths even wider as the guys pumped their cocks. 

They started to lean close as they got ready cum. All the guys had fucked each girl at least once so it took a while before the first one came. Iris looked him in the eye as he pumped his last dregs of spunk all over her impressive, golden skinned tits. She could feel it leak down her cleavage as it coated top of her breasts and the neck. 

Erica's hands found Iris's down by their sides and they held hands as the flood gates opened. Each guy leaned in slightly in order to fire his spunk over the two hot bodies in front of him. The cum went everywhere, all over their tits and necks. Coating their shoulders and dripping down their girls flat stomachs to stick and pool in and around their already slimy, sticky pussies.

Iris was in heaven as she got coated in hot cum, with a hot girl behind her sharing load after load with her. She had never felt so complete and so happy as she did in that moment.

"Oh my God," she thought, "I really am slut now. I begged a bunch of total strangers to abuse my body in any way they could, and I loved it. This is what I was meant to be. A cheap fuck-slut. Simple rape-meat. God I love it."

As the guys came they all left to room until only Jim was left. He untied the girls and took the collars off. 

"Thank you ladies. You were both great. You can use the room for half an hour. I'll give you your clothes back after that and then you can leave."

The two girls climbed on the bed and looked at each other. The drugs that had been put in their drinks were starting to wear off, but they were both still horny and they looked at each other's sexy bodies covered in cum and immediately started to clean each other up. Iris licked Erica's tits, feeling the soft, hot skin as she traced her tongue around her nipple. Loving the feeling of a girl's body close to hers. Her skin tasted of spunk and sweat and something feminine that Iris really liked. She traced the trail of drying sperm down Erica's body in till she got to her pussy. The girls ended up in a 69 position cleaning each other's thighs and pussies. Iris was dipping her tongue in and out of Erica's hot, little snatch cleaning all of the cum out of there. She was not trying to make Erica cum, she was trying to taste the men's cum mixed with the girl's juice but she did like the way she shuddered with tiny orgasms. 

Iris had never eaten cum from a girl's ass before but she went with the moment. Sliding her tongue up to her butt hole and slowly easing it inside. All she could taste was spunk and had to wonder how many loads Erica had taken in her ass. Given the amount of cum that came sliding out, she must have had a lot. The feel of Erica's tongue on her own ass got Iris cumming slightly again.

When they were both clean the two girls sat, naked on the bed chatting until Jim arrived.

"Here are your clothes, ladies. Good to see you are both cleaned up. Thanks for the fun night. See you around."

The two girls got dressed and walked out of the frat house hand in hand as the sun started to come up over the horizon. Two perfect butts swaying in unison.