 Hello again my friends. We are now approaching the end of our adventure. I will do my best not to keep you waiting too much longer.

*

It was now darkening into evening after a very eventful day. My Ladies had demonstrated yet again their ability to perform a miracle at short notice. Now was the time to spend some time together after I had been separated from them for a few days. Where better to do this than on a cruise ship with a lovely suite?

As we all entered the largest of our suites, a room where ten of our number were staying, my Ladies formed into two lines and filed around to form a circle around me. Me, and two others of us - the volleyballers. Two I knew to be gay, though not averse to intimacy with me. Those forming the circle around us just stood there, spaced evenly apart, hands by their sides, silently and intently gazing at us.

The volleyballers moved slowly, as if in a trance. It seemed to me that they were under remote control. Slowly, one of them lifted the other's blouse over her head. Then the favour was returned. And, always slowly, taking turns, each of them undressed the other until they were standing there naked. And then they turned to me, three feet in front of me, in exactly the same relaxed pose as all the others. And just like the others, they were staring intently at me. Well, they were staring down. I looked around and saw they were all looking towards my groin.

I started to undress myself. It was as if my hands were enjoying what they were doing, but they felt numb - they felt like someone else's hands brushing my skin. And throughout all this, forty four pairs of eyes were staring at my nakedness.

I suddenly saw that everyone was naked. I hadn't noticed any of them moving, but those in the circle around us had been clothed a moment before and now they were naked. Perhaps I had been distracted by the volleyballers.

I felt loved, belonging, but not erotic. Not yet, although I was definitely aware of a sense of anticipation. Eighty eight eyes stared at me, naked, yet I felt neither embarrassed nor lustful. The brand, inflicted on me ... no, bestowed upon me, by the Russian Gypsies, started to feel warm, radiating what felt like waves of calm all around me. Despite the fact that I was battered, bruised and scratched all over I felt no pain at all. Had my Ladies somehow blocked the pain with their minds? I didn't know. It just felt pleasant.

The volleyballers, long term lovers, stepped forwards. Without knowing what I was doing, I moved forwards towards them. They turned so that we stood in a triangle. My feet were spread wide, the toes of each one touching the toes of one of each of their feet, and their other two feet touching each other. The three of us leaned forwards and tilted our heads until my head was on the right shoulder of the volleyballer on my left, hers on the other's shoulder and the other volleyballer's on my right shoulder. And then our arms moved around each others' shoulders, hands meeting and holding behind each neck. We were very close, physically now as well as emotionally.

We stood there, close and loving together. I couldn't see anything with my head buried in a lovely shoulder, but I knew the others around the outside were also in similar positions, in a large circle around the room.

As I stood there, I felt a heaviness inside my hips and chest, building steadily, slowly. It felt like a faint longing. Faint, but growing insistent. I knew exactly what I was longing for, but I couldn't name it. I couldn't picture it. I couldn't even imagine it. But I wanted it, oh yes, I wanted it.

My brand seemed to be the focus of the weight in my hips and yet I knew, just as I knew we were all standing in the same position, that every one of my Ladies was sharing my experience. Or perhaps I was sharing theirs?

Now the weight was dominating my being. The heaviness in my hips was starting to bleed out of me, and yes, in my chest too.

Suddenly I realised the term "bleeding" had become more literal than I had imagined a moment ago. It was running down my chest. No, not my chest - my breasts.

This was impossible. I was experiencing a woman's sexual desire. Extreme sexual desire, from all the symptoms. I could feel my breasts, full and heavy, pressing at their sides against those of the two Ladies with me. And I could feel something slowly pressing through my engorged nipples and dripping out from the breasts pressed against mine. And mine too. The three of us now had our knees bent, wedged against the knees of those beside us.

I could now hear my heartbeat, sounding fast and drumlike in my ears. There was now no uncertainty about what I wanted. I needed loving - no, I needed a fuck. Now.

But what was it I needed? This was a woman's lust. Did I need a man? But no, the lady on my left brought her right hand from around my shoulder, and placed her fingertips on my brand. I passed on the favour, lightly touching my fingertips in the same place on the lady on my right, and soon after I knew this was happening to everyone in the room.

Now I could feel a glorious thrusting inside me, touching me everywhere I desperately needed to be touched, touching every bit of my body and encompassing my soul. My Ladies (whether it was just the two with me or all of them I could not tell) were sharing with me their sensations from their experiences with me. My breasts, my cheeks (those on my face), my lips (ditto), my thighs, my buttocks and especially deep, deep inside me I was feeling loved, used, together; as if I was sharing not only the expression of lust, but the ultimate trust and togetherness. And it was all centred on my brand. What had those gypsies done to me when they had seared my skin?

The sensations continued unabated. I felt as if I would burn up. Eventually my body failed me and I was prevented from collapsing only by the firm hold my two companions had of me. I was in a standing position, or at least close to vertical, but by now completely relaxed. My jaw was hanging loose and I was drooling copiously. I opened my eyes to see two other Ladies holding me up at the shoulders. The volleyballers were sucking hard and biting on my nipples, one each. No one was touching my sex (by now I had no clear idea what sex that was), and I was not even erect, but waves of pleasure were convulsing my body. My legs were now completely incapable of supporting me, and I could feel yet others holding me up.

By now I was bouncing around as if I were having a seizure - perhaps I was. My physical body was completely outside my control, but my mind was firmly focused on pleasure. I could barely breathe now and both inhalations and exhalations were becoming noisy grunts. Others around me were making similar sounds.

Without warning a rush of pleasure finally blocked all outside reality from my mind. I was lost in a universe where pleasure occupied every place, every time. Now I was dreaming, not daydreaming which may have been an accurate description of where I had been before, but now completely separate from the suite, the ship or my Ladies. My hips were humping in mid-air, desperately impaling me on what I somehow knew to be nothingness, but which I also knew to be the fount, the font, of my pleasure. Nothing mattered except more, more, more...

An eternity passed. Then another. Then more...

In my fading awareness I felt a touch. I think you could have hit me with a baseball bat and I would not have noticed: this had to be a touch on my mind, although I was too far gone to be able to distinguish. I somehow knew, however, that it was Yulia, making contact to protect or assist me. I could feel, too, that she was also deeply affected by pleasure. Her touch radiated her happiness, her bliss, her... release that she had enjoyed just moments, or centuries, ago.

Despite her somewhat disordered state of mind, Yulia was aware and considerate of my needs. She gently led me back through the maze to consciousness; to a place a short distance from my recent world of pleasure but where I was better able to appreciate what had happened.

I had previously experienced a pastiche of male and female experiences with my Ladies. I had had sexual pleasure poured upon me closely and from afar by my loving partners. But I had never before experienced the gentle build up to a long-lasting purely womanly orgasm, continuing at its peak for - well, for ever. Orgasm would never mean the same to me again. Somehow I knew sex would never be the same again. Never again would it be a build up, slow and wonderful though it may be, to a brief series of spasms of release. These Ladies who had become my life partners were now finding new ways to introduce me to yet greater heights of unimaginable physical pleasure.

Pleasure... pleasure...oh yessssss...

But Yulia was inexorable in her pressure, guiding me carefully away from that vision of Elysium and back towards reality. I opened my eyes to something that was becoming familiar - all of my Ladies in varying degrees of semiconsciousness and post-orgasmic bliss. Naked and dripping, lying on the floor, across each other, on chairs and the bed, sitting against the wall. Most had their hands wedged between their legs.

Even apart from what I could see and hear, I knew they had experienced what I had experienced. Even Yulia who was frowning with the concentration of her focus on me. And I knew they too had all experienced something incomparable with anything in their past. Where would this end?

"Where would this end?" I had meant that in the context of our developing family, if that is the right word. However, either I must have said it aloud, or perhaps Nadezna, lying beside the bed still gently masturbating, had read it in my mind and taken it in a more immediate sense, because she looked up at me and spoke gently.

I had to strain to hear her words. "You may feel that your sexual day is done, but although your exclusively female experience has satisfied that side of your being, your male lust remains unslaked. It will instead have built up to a level that you will find intolerable as soon as your feminine side lets you free. I know exactly what you will need in a few seconds."

She stood up beside the bed, the backs of her firm calves pressing against the mattress. The she bent her long slim body down so her head was against her knees, exposing her pierced pussy. Her thick nipples were stretched out by the same shields I had seen before, but I suspected part of their size was because she had been playing with them.

I remembered my time with her before. She had wanted to be physically subdued and raped, but it was me who had ended up with a broken arm. I remembered the old saying "a little bit of what you fancy does you good". She had never got what she fancied; none at all. Indeed, she had punished herself for what had happened. It seemed to me that she deserved her share of satisfaction, the way she had fancied it. I slapped her lovely right buttock, making a sound like a pistol shot and startling everyone into the bargain, and also leaving a perfect impression of my hand on the otherwise perfect skin. I wasn't familiar and was certainly not comfortable with aggression towards women, but our psychic link broadcast her enjoyment.

"Do you call those legs 'spread'?" I yelled. "Show me what you've got." It was my voice, but it wasn't my words - that's not what I do. Whoever it was speaking through me, she obeyed with alacrity. She took her weight upon her hands and opened her legs wider into the splits. The she leaned back so her lower body was on the bed again, and two hands crept down beneath to stretch her labia wide.

"Stop touching yourself! This is not meant to be pleasurable for you!" My voice again, but this time I saw who was driving. Beautiful as she was, sweet, meek and mild Hana was looking decided unsexy for once. Instead she was staring into my eyes, or to be more precise her eyes were boring into my skull. Sweet, meek and mild Hana was torturing Nadezna through me, and I could see that it was working. "When I say don't touch yourself, that means your nipples too."

Suddenly Nadezna's words of a few moments ago came back to me with a rush. "Your male lust remains unslaked. It will instead have built up to a level that you will find intolerable..." Those had been her words, and now I knew exactly what she had meant. I wanted Nadezna, or someone, anyone, right now. No, now wanted, needed. I had to have a woman. I was going to take Nadezna. This wasn't some politically correct thing. I was going to use her. No, not her, just her sex. And yes, to slake my lust.

Nadezna stood on the bed, her hands a millimetre from her damp flesh. "No!" This time it was a voluntary action on my part, and it had the desired effect. Nadezna looked up at Hana plaintively and then confusedly, as I barked at her "Hands by your sides!" She know those words hadn't been Hana's, and even though they were coming out of my mouth she didn't think I was the author. She tried to look around but Hana forced her eyes back to me. And mine were on her - her body that is, not her eyes.

After plaintive and then confused, a third emotion shaped her face in as many seconds. She was now clearly horny as hell, even though she had no idea how she could satisfy herself in this complicated network of control. She was now shaking with her desperation. She stepped to straddle me, her sex now dribbling the evidence of her desire down onto mine. Then, slowly, she bend her knees until she was just above my straining hardness. I had no idea who was making her do this; it might even have been me. I fancied I could sense the heat radiating from her.

I lifted my hips up so for the tiniest fraction of a second I was just lightly brushing her slippery skin. More than anything I wanted to lift all the way so I was buried to the hilt inside this personification of womanly perfection. The fact that I did not do that was clear evidence that now someone else was in control. Hana again!

We two victims lost in lust were separated by Hana's will, and now by mere millimetres. Another lifetime passed as I tried everything I could to lift my hips and touch, just touch, Nadezna again. And she was just as clearly trying to force herself down onto me.

There was nothing in the world but the desire to thrust into that vagina. I dreamed of just another moment's touch. This was going to be very much a man's orgasm this time...

I saw, before I felt, my throbbing core twitch and then erupt a long, long stream of thick whiteness up to hit Nadezna's piercing. She clearly felt the impact, and orgasmed there above me, just from the force of the spray. The flow from her sex intensified, and was joined by drool running from her slack jaw and off the rose tips of those perfect breasts as Hana held her above me entrapped, enthralled, enchanted.

Then, just as Nadezna had clearly ceased to try and reach my hardness, Hana let her free and she dropped, hard and unexpected, hard onto me. I think I came again, but I can't be sure. I know I heard a squelching sound. And I could both see and feel Nadezna's reaction.

First I felt her gripping me hard inside her and a new flow of juices over my hips and thighs. Her eyes burst open and a look of agony, perhaps ecstasy, infused her lovely face. Then over a period of a few seconds the expression faded and then her eyes closed again. Slowly the grip on me loosened and then she fell forward onto me as if poleaxed. Hana may have controlled her descent, as she could have hurt us both by hitting her head against mine. I couldn't have moved a muscle to prevent that. All I know is that Nadezna's head landed close beside mine. She lay there face down, half on me. I could hear her breathing hard into the mattress.

I was still inside her and I could feel a gradually diminishing flow coming out of me and deep into her. I, too, felt poleaxed but stayed conscious, lying there exhausted, gooey, used, warm, and happy. Or perhaps that was Nadezna's emotions.

The last thing I remember about that episode was being cleaned and carried to my bed. I might recall the cleaning was achieved by my Ladies licking me all over, but that might have been my imagination. The dividing line between this reality of mine and imagination had become blurred beyond recognition.

Suddenly I was awake again. I was alone. Daylight flooded through the portholes. I felt rested and refreshed, and warm. It seemed my Ladies had placed a quilt over me where I had fallen asleep, and had allowed me to sleep uninterrupted. I was grateful for that, but concerned when I remembered what had happened. I had used Nadezna without any thought to her pleasure, without paying any attention to her feelings. I had to speak to her.

As if she had read my mind, Nadezna came in right then carrying a tray with a cup of tea and a large plate of bacon and eggs. I took the tray without looking at her, or at least without looking at her face. I noticed she was wearing a track suit and sandshoes. I had to speak to her, but I couldn't look her in the eyes.

"Er, Nadezna ... would you sit down please? I would like to say something."

"Yes, of course, but don't let your breakfast get cold."

I had a sip of my tea, and started. "Nadezna, I owe you an apology. Last night I used you. I didn't make love with you, or even to you. I didn't make any effort to give you what you wanted. I was just..."

Nadezna put her forefinger on my lips and gently shushed me. "First, I manipulated you into doing exactly what you did. Second, Hana helped. Third, I wanted you to do what you did. Fourth I got exactly what I needed thank you. I have been waiting for you to use me like that since that day I broke your arm. Fifth, I have watched you working hard all the time you've been with us to give us all what we want, and even if I hadn't enjoyed what happened, you deserve to get your share of selfish enjoyment. And sixth, we still don't know exactly what happened when you were captured, but you did your share of the work getting back to us, and we appreciate that. We know that all you had to do was agree to a swap and you would be free in exchange for all of us. Instead you refused their offer and escaped all on your own. Anyway, I'm allowed to sit with you while you have your breakfast and then I'm to take you to a meeting so you can explain your experience."

I found that I was very hungry indeed, and bacon and eggs and a cup of tea hit the spot. I quickly showered and dressed with Nadezna watching, sometimes helping and occasionally hindering, or at least delaying the process. I was then replete and respectable, at least in appearance. I invited her to take me to the meeting.

In no time I was taking my place seated in a large circle including all the ladies. Nadezna was the last to sit.

Astra spoke first. I got the impression that she was in charge of all things military. Perhaps she had been the highest ranking of the Ladies when they had been in the military.

"We want to know exactly what happened from when you were captured to when we met near the settlement. We already know much of it, but we need to fill in the gaps. They could try again and we want to be as prepared as we can be."

I told the tale as best I could. I told of my experience with a bag over my head being taken and lowered down to a boat, then the various stages of my transfer to my prison. I told them that one of my captors had suggested an exchange. I told them I had dug myself out. I then recounted my "flight" back down the road and the three Ladies' intervention in what would otherwise have been my recapture and no doubt an even less pleasant confinement. The entire tale took me less than fifteen minutes. I finished by saying I would be interested to hear details of my rescue, and in particular how they had managed to hijack a billion-dollar fighter plane. I left out the visitations from my Ladies - I didn't know how to describe them.
