 Her lips opened and her tongue grazed mine while I pulled her even closer. I thought about how this woman’s touch ignites such raw passion in me as her tongue ran over my lower lip and she moaned. The music in the club was too loud for me to hear her moan, but I didn’t need to hear it. I could feel it. She sucked on my tongue for an instant and then I pulled my head back so that I could see her face. Her shoulder length reddish-brown hair framed her beautiful face and as she opened her eyes I saw exactly what I was looking for. Laura’s gaze bore into mine with raw lust, her blue eyes locked onto mine as she unleashed her devilish smile. I could feel myself growing hard just from the look on her face, and I thought about trying to control myself. But this was not the night for self-control. This would be a night of pure carnal decadence, as I could see from her eyes. 

“Lets prowl,” she suggested, again flashing that naughty smile at me. I simply smiled at her, indicating my agreement.

She grabbed my hand and began to lead me out of the dark corner we had found, and back to the dance floor, where from a short distance, it seemed to be nothing more than an enormous pile of flesh, writhing in time with the heavy bass line of the music. The air had become a dusky mix of sweat, cologne, perfume, and lust. There was no doubt that sex was in the air. She led me into the crowd, and I watched her ass sway with every step, the short black skirt wrapped tantalizingly around her hips. I looked up to see both men and women devouring her body with hungry stares as she passed them. 

When she found a large enough clearing on the dance floor, she stopped and turned to face me. Her hips began to sway with the music, and I watched the rythym of the music seep into her body, completely entranced by her delicious sexuality. I instinctually moved closer to her and began to match her rythym with my own. My hand slipped around her waist, and I pulled her in to me, as I felt the strong need to kiss her neck. She let my lips brush against the side of her neck before she pulled away, her smile now more teasing than devilish, as she could clearly feel how badly I wanted her. She slowly pulled out of my grasp, and her gaze fell upon a young woman dancing next to us. I watched Laura’s stare flow up and down over the woman’s body, lingering on the woman’s tanned hips, which were clearly visible between the short, tight t-shirt and tight shorts she was wearing. Laura bit her lower lip, her hunger growing. 

As if on cue, the woman turned to face Laura, and became captivated by Laura’s hungry gaze, just as I had been a few moments earlier. After a few moments of unblinking eye contact between the two, Laura and the woman seemed to flow into each other, and all of a sudden their bodies were an inch apart, their eyes still locked on each other. Laura’s hands slipped around the woman’s waist, and the woman slid her leg between Laura’s. I was captivated by the sheer eroticy of the moment as the two women began to grind their bodies against each other. Laura took the woman by the hips and turned her so that she was facing me, with Laura behind her. Laura stared at me as her hands began to roam over the tanned, tight body of the woman. The woman also began to stare at me as she began to gasp softly at the hands now running over her stomach, her hips, the tops of her bare thighs. Laura smiled at me and the closed her eyes as she let her lips fall on the woman’s neck. The woman turned her head to the side to allow Laura unobstructed access to her neck . I saw the woman’s eyes close as Laura bit her neck softly. I moved closer, and in an instant Laura and I were sliding our bodies and hands all over this nubile young woman, much to her pleasure. We had become one writhing mass of lust and passion, and soon I found my lips on this young woman’s, then an instant later on Laura’s, and then I watched as the two women began to kiss each other, their mouths open and their tongues playfully and sensually sliding over each other. 

As I reached a hand around the woman, it was then that I noticed a man dancing directly behind Laura. He was staring intently at the three of us. He was handsome and fit, his short dark hair styled over his tanned face. My eyes met his, and I motioned to Laura with a simple head gesture. In an instant he had his hands on her hips. It seemed that the raw lust that was overcoming us had become a sort of magnet to others. I noticed many others around us staring wantonly at this mass of now four people writhing together on the dance floor. 

Laura turned her head to see who the newcomer was, and when her eyes met his, she smiled and they immediately began to kiss. There was no sort of restraint to their kiss, and their tongues were soon gliding over each other, clearly visible to anyone watching. I felt a hand brush against the front of my pants, and as I looked down, I saw Laura’s hand sliding down the woman’s crotch, rubbing her pussy through the tight white shorts she was wearing. I felt the woman sigh, her hot breath dancing across my chest. The woman and I began to kiss again, and I could feel her heart quicken as Laura continued to rub her pussy. Soon she was moaning loud enough for me to hear, and I felt her body stiffen and her breath draw in and I knew that waves of an orgasm were shooting through her. Moments after she came, she freed herself from our embrace, as if any more would be some sort of pleasure overload that she was unprepared for. She stood next to us, stunned for a moment, and then hurried off in the direction of the ladies’ room.

That left me, Laura, and the young man in the middle of the floor. Laura smiled, and took us both by the hand. As she led us out the door of the club, I knew what she wanted, and I knew that I wanted her to have it. As luck would have it, the young man was staying in a hotel not even half a block from the club, and we were at the door in a matter of seconds. Laura wrapped her arms around my neck and we kissed passionately as the man fumbled with his room key. The door swung open and he ushered us in. Laura sat down on the bed, and the man and I quickly sat down on either side of her, our hands immediately roaming over her body. She softly moaned, and pulled the man to her in a lustful embrace. As I watched them kiss I felt a pang of jealousy rip through me. But the jealousy only seemed to heighten my desire, and I began to slide Laura’s shirt up as they kissed. They broke the kiss in order to let me take her shirt completely off, and I dropped it on the floor behind me as Laura turned to me and we began to kiss.

She broke the kiss with a sigh, and I looked down to see the man begin to slide her skirt off. Laura raised her hips to allow the skirt to slide off, and we both watched as the man dropped to his knees in front of her. I could see the excitement in his eyes as she parted her legs, revealing her smooth, hairless pussy to him. He planted a kiss on her knee, and then slid his tongue slowly up her thigh. Her eyes closed and she arched her head back as his tongue slipped between her legs. I grabbed her by the back of her head and made her watch as his tongue ran up and down the lips of her pussy. Her hand quickly went to my lap, and she began to rub my cock through my pants as her heart began to race. I watched as he slid his tongue roughly over her clit, and she gasped. I bit her softly on the neck as I held her head in place, my hand tightly holding her hair. I licked the lobe of her ear and then began to whisper to her softly.

“You like watching him eat you, don’t you?”

She nodded, and I quickly and forcefully gave her hair a quick yank.

“Answer me, don’t just nod.” I ordered.

“Yes,” she gasped.

“You know that were both going to fuck you, don’t you.”

“Yes,” she half-moaned.

“I bet you cant wait to feel his cock inside you, can you my little slut?” I asked before I bit her neck a little harder. “You want to be our dirty little slut for the night, don’t you?”

“Oh god yes.” she was almost panting with desire now. “I want to be your dirty slut. Use me. Fuck me,” she pleaded. 

I unbuttoned my pants and slid them off, then got on my knees beside her.

“Suck my cock. Show him how a good little slut sucks cock,” I demanded as I pulled her head to the side and shoved my hard cock into her mouth. 

Laura attacked my cock with her mouth and tongue, her desire reaching a fevered pitch. Her head bobbed back and forth quickly, only pausing when she would take me in her hand and lick up and down my cock. The man had stopped eating her, and was watching her suck me. He quickly shed his clothes, and climbed onto his knees on the other side of her, presenting his cock to her. Still holding the back of her head by her hair, I pulled her off of my cock and pushed her head towards him. Without hesitation she enveloped his cock with her mouth, sucking it enthusiastically. He began to pinch and squeeze her nipples as I reached down and slid a finger into her pussy. Laura gets wet fairly easily, but I was a bit surprised by just how wet her pussy had become. She groaned around his cock at the attention we were paying to her body, and I gasped myself when she began to alternate between sucking each of our cocks. Her raw wanton lust was turning me on so much that it was hard to resist pulling my cock from her mouth and fucking her right then. My cock plopped out of her mouth and I could tell by the look on her face that she was completely lost in the moment. She slid back onto the bed and pulled the man down with her. Never letting go of his cock, she opened her legs wide and guided him into her dripping wet pussy. She gasped loudly and closed her eyes as he penetrated her. I could clearly see his cock slide into her, and his first few strokes were long and slow. She dug her nails into his back and he began to fuck her faster.

Watching him fuck her was incredibly exciting. I loved seeing my little slut being used by another man. I loved seeing her so completely give in to this lust. 

I was ripped from my ponderings by her loud exclamation. “Oh Fuck I’m cummmiinnnnggg!” she yelled as her body tensed. He continued to drive his hard cock into her, and as she came I noticed his cock looking slicker each time he pulled it out of her. I lay back next to her, and she opened her eyes and looked at me. She pushed the man off of her, and got up onto her hands and knees. She looked straight into my eyes as she began to suck my cock again, and the man moved into position behind her. She moaned around my cock as he entered her. He gripped her ass tightly as he began to drive into her. She let out a sigh each time he went deep into her, and she stopped concentrating on my cock as he fucked her., simply letting my cock rest in her mouth.

I quickly grabbed her by the throat and made her look into my eyes. “What’s the matter, slut? Can’t think straight with two cocks in you? “ She began to whimper “I’m sorry” as I pulled my cock from her mouth, but was cut off as I began to smack the side of her face with my dick. I tightened my grip around her throat and she gasped loudly, her submission clearly exciting her even more. 

“You love this, don’t you, slut?” I asked. 

“Uh-huh,” she responded between gasps.

“And I know you’re going to love the both of us fucking you at the same time, aren’t you?” I asked with a dirty smile.

“Oh god yes!” she moaned. “I want both of you inside me!” 

I slapped the side of her face. “Don’t you fucking tell me what you want!” I yelled at her through clenched teeth. “We’re gonna use you any way we want. Do you understand? You’re our whore tonight.”

Laura began to whimper as the unadulterated heat of lust coursed through her entire body. The way I was talking to her was clearly exciting the man as well, as he now had a finger buried in her ass while he fucked her even faster.

“You want her ass? Because I want some of that pussy,” I told the man. He nodded quickly, a smile on his lips as he pulled out of her. 

I lay down on the bed next to her, and as soon as he had pulled his cock all the way out of her pussy she quickly crawled on top of me. It almost hurt her to be without a cock in her somewhere. She no longer wanted to be fucked. She needed it. She grabbed my cock in her hand and drove her pussy down on it. Then she turned he head to look at the man, pushing her ass slightly towards him in an invitation. I felt his thighs resting on mine as he placed the head of his cock at her ass. As she relaxed and he slid into her, I could feel every inch of his cock as he buried himself deeper and deeper into her. We began to fuck her slowly, and she began to shake uncontrollably, the pleasure coursing through her as if her blood were on fire. As the pace quickened, Laura began to moan loudly. A string of expletives ran from her mouth as the pure lust and passion of the moment carried her away. The man grabbed her throat from behind, and began to first lick, and the bite her neck as he pulled her head back towards him. Impaled on our cocks as we fucked her, I felt the temperature inside her pussy rise, and knew that another orgasm was upon her. She screamed as she came, and the man fucked her ass roughly while she did. Her cum began to drip down my thighs, and I felt my own orgasm rapidly approaching.

“Im gonna cum too baby,”the man whispered into her ear.

“Me too!” I blurted, no longer to control the pleasure. I pushed her off of me, and the man and I took up positions on either side of her face. We stroked our cocks over her as she lay on her back, and in an instant both the man and I were dumping cum all over her flushed little face. She even seemed to cum again simply from the pure naughtiness of the moment. 

After I had finished cumming, I collapsed onto the bed next to her. The last thing I remembered before drifting into sleep was the feeling of her arms wrapping around me in a blissful embrace. 

I woke at some point in the middle of the night with a bit of a start because of some commotion. When I opened my eyes I was greeted by the sight of Laura’s legs on the man’s shoulders while he fucked her. I smiled, knowing that this was only the beginning.