 This is cowritten with FoxyFaith. We write every chapter together. We hope you enjoy and please post constructive Criticism. 

Chapter 1. First Day on The Job

It was Faith's first day at work, she knew she was going to be a co-assistant for a very talented media director. She had met her co-worker, Lex, during her first interview. The interview itself was bold and to the point. Lex had freely admitted that she was openly bi and although it had shocked Faith, she wasn't offended by it, she took it as a warning.

"Hey Faith," Lex said as she walked to the office, "hows the first day treating ya?"

"Its okay I guess, I'm still trying to find my bearings. A typically normal first day," she worriedly answered. Was it her imagination or was Lex checking her out. She could have sworn all Lex was doing was staring at her 34 D breasts. Faith looked down at her cleaveage hoping she was wrong as Lex walked around the desk and peared over her shoulder, she was looking straight down her top, Faith shuddered at the feeling of her breath on her neck.

"Sorry to be so blunt, but are those real?" Lex asked.

Faith just looked toward at her then looked down at her breasts, "Uhh yeah they are"

"Can I feel them?" Lex questioned her, Faith swallowed. She'd never had a woman come onto her before. The thought both frightened and excited her.

"You're being a little forward aren't you?" she said as she shifted uneasily in her chair.

"Mine aren't real" she whispered in Faith's ear, sending shivers down Faiths spine, "I'd love to feel real ones again,"

Faith span around in her chair, catching Lex by surprise. Lex jumped back quickly and was now face to face with Faith. Faith quickly looked around and saw no one passing the office. She gulped again,

"Well if you want to feel them so bad here they are," she couldnt believe what she was saying or doing as she lifted her blouse, flashing her push-up bra.

Lex leaned forward and look in her scent, "Poison?" she asked.

"Pardon?"

"Your scent, is it Poison by Christian Dior?"

"Umm, yes it is, why?"

"It makes you smell delicious my dear," Lex replied as her hands travelled up to caress them, she leant forward and graceully licked across the top of her almost heaving bosum.

Faith couldn't believe it, did she really just give another woman permission to touch her breasts? Why her? Why Lex?

She moaned slightly as she started to become aroused, Lex manipulating her mounds so that her breasts were now completely spilling out of her bra.

"Feels good doesn't it?" Lex purred as she raised a questioning eyebrow, "lets see how you like this." She tweaked her left nipple until it became a hard point, "Mmmmn I can see you did like that now lets move to the other," she teased.

Faith already felt her nectar start to flow. No other woman had ever had this effect on her before, not that she had ever let another woman touch her before but she had had sexual feelings towards others before, a picture of a half naked beauty or pornographic scenes of two women had her aroused in a second. Her hand slipped down to her pants and started to unfasten the buckle on her belt and she quickly opened it, then started on her button and zip. She wanted to access herself.

"Here let me help you sweetie" Lex said smiling as she pulled off Faiths shoes and helped her take off her trousers. "I'm guessing you never had another woman eat you out before have you?"

Faith shook her head no but felt her vagina twitch at the thought, Lex asked her. "Do you want me to?"

"I don't know Lex. What if the boss walks in?" she asked.

"Don't worry about him, he loves to share," she laughed as she swept her hand over the outer part of Faiths panties, causing her to jolt at the touch.

"He loves to share?" she managed to get out before Lex sucked on the damp material. All Faith could do now was moan louder she got wetter than ever and started to crave more, she hooked her thumbs over the elastic on her pants and quickly moved them over her hips and off her body, exposing herself fully to an eagerly awaiting Lex.

She pushed herself forward on her chair, as Lex's tongue lashed at her steaming hot pussy, she swirled her tongue around the labia minora and began suckling on her urethra, to add to the delight Faith suddenly jumped at a vibration against her clitoris. Lex looked up at her,

"It's a vibrating tongue stud," she smiled and carried on her assault.

"Oh my god that thing is amazing," she replied as she started to buck with the sensations. "I have never had my pussy eaten as good by a man as you are doing right now," she moaned.

"That's because I know what women like, just doing to you like I want to have done to me," Lex smiled and started to attack her with fingers. She didn't just start with one, she started with three, pushing Faith wide, her thumb slid over her clit as she entered her little finger inside too. She knew where she wanted to take this as she slowly pulled back her thumb and tucked it in toward her hidden soaked fingers.

"Oh my god" Faith moaned out in pleasure. "What are you doing to me"

"My whole hand is now in your tight pussy" she said as she started to open her hand slowly. "I'm stretching you, can you feel it"

"Fuck yeah," Faith moaned as she bit down on her lip, she could feel Lex squeeze her hand up into a fist and she started to fuck her harder than before.

"Holy God Lex baby," she called out. She was now bucking her hips to the motion and speed as Lex was fisting her. "Harder, fuck me harder!" she screamed.

She was so enjoying what Lex was doing to her that she didn't even hear someone entering the room.

"So Lex, breaking in our new employee I see," a man spoke softly, his cock already out of his pants in anticipation, already stroking it as his breath quickened at the scene in front of him.

Lex looked up and winked at him, the boss, as she continued to fist fuck Faith.

"Can I get any action?" he asked, "Or is it all for you?"

"Her pussy is all ready for you Rob," Lex said sadly as she pulled her fist out of Faith. He walked around the desk and caught sight of Faiths sopping genitalia.

"Wow what a beautiful pussy you have there Faith," Rob whispered hoarsley as he let go of his throbbing member and unbuckled his trousers letting them fall to the floor. "I'm going to fuck you and you are going to lick Lex's pussy hows that sound?"

This certainly wasn't what Faith had been expecting to happen on her first day. What choice did she have? She looked up at her new boss and her jaw dropped to the floor. He was like a god, sculptured features and a sizzling hot body to match. She nodded in agreement.

Lex stod up and removed her own cum soaked panties.

"Faith stand up, Lex will take your chair I then want you get on all fours and lick start to lick her pussy. After you start to lick her nice and clean I'm gonna make you scream my name."

They both did as they were told and soon Rob was pounding into Faith from behind and Faith got her first taste of pussy. It tasted really good to her, she felt Lex dribble into her mouth as she secreted fluids in the prelude to cumming and Faith started to lap it up. Rob thrusted harder into Faiths pussy, pushing Faiths tongue further into Lex's yearning vagina as a result.

"Oh god Faith you sure you havent done this before?" Lex moaned as she felt herself close to her first orgasm. "God you know how to use that tongue of yours," she said as she grabbed a hold of the chair as she came long and hard into Faith's waiting mouth.

Rob gripped her harder from behind and started to push himself right up to her uterus, making her scream for more. Lex got down on the floor underneath them and started to lick at Faiths slit and kept getting a taste of his cock.

She always loved the taste of his cock, it might have been one reasons she married him. She always got final approval on who he hired, especially when they wanted to hire one to play with.

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming hard" Faith screamed out.

"Well I'm not there yet Missy," Rob said, "We're not done until I say so," he said pulling swiftly out of her and pulling Lex up off the chair. He bent his wife over the desk and slammed himself into her whilst Faith sat and watched. She didn't know what to do. She climbed up onto the table in front of Rob and Lex and slid her legs down either side of them, exposing her dripping slit to Lex's mouth once more. Lex looked up at her and smiled before dipping her tongue down inside and licking Faith's cum off her.

"We really made you into this little slut now didn't we?" Rob grinned as he slammed into Lex.

Faith couldn't reply as she was concentrating on Lex getting her off, Lex's tongue sliding back and forth as Rob banged her from behind.

Faith was now a euphoric high, Rob suddenly stopped fucking Lex and walked around her to get to Faith, dipping his dick into her waiting mouth, making her lick all of Lex's fluids off it. He didn't want to push himself to hard or fast into her. Faith stuck her tongue right onto the end of his cock and started sucking it before running her tongue all down the length of it and back, dragging her teeth to increase the sensation. Suddenly Rob closed his eyes and threw back his head as his release was upon them,

"Drink it baby, drink my horny little devil like you have never drunk before," he shouted as he felt his sperm shoot up his penis and whitewash the inside of her mouth.

"Welcome aboard Miss. Jessop. Now clean up this mess" Rob ordered her.

"We will have other tasks like this for you as time progresses." Lex added as she made herself presentable."Maybe even later today after our meeting." she winked at Faith.

"So, this was all a test?" Faith asked.

"It was Faith and you passed with flying colours. Now do as Rob asked and clean this up," Lex said pointing to the cum covered desk. Faith got up to grab a cloth.

"What do you think you are doing?" Rob asked.

"Cleaning up like you told me too" Faith answered

"Thats not how we clean here," he explained. "Lick it up with your tongue."

"My tongue?" she asked surprised.

"You heard me, now get to it. It has to be completely clean before you go home,"

"Yes sir," she said and started licking the desk. "What kind of job am I working?" she thought to herself. "Why am I enjoying it?"

"Come and get us when you have finished so we can inspect your work," Lex told her and started to follow her husband. "and for us to give you instructions for your next test."

"Next test?" she asked concerned.

"Yes the next test Faith."