 They got to the office and walked in. Rob was already waiting for them.

"Faith, could you run out the the store for some food for lunch? I have a feeling we won't be leaving the office again until late as we have far too much work to do."

"I guess so Rob," she said shooting a questionable look in his direction,

"Thanks, here's some money for you," he added handing her a 50 dollar bill.

"What does everyone want?" She asked them curiously.

"Uhh Chinese. Whatever you want love" Rob told her.

"Okay I'll be back shortly" she said and walked out of the door.

"So wife of mine," Rob grinned, "Now Faith is out of the way for the next hour or so how do we fill our time?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.

"I think I can think of a way" she said stripping down to just her bra and panties. Sporting a surprise she had just for him.

"Crotchless and front opening?" he laughed, "Good choice Lex," he said as he licked his thumb and ran them over her nipples before lowering his head to blow on the damp patches.

"Oh god Rob, take me, have me anyway you want me." She moaned. "Do to me what you will."

With having Lex say that him he grinned, his fingers quickly teasing her warmed, dampened slit. She moaned in pleasure as he gently bit down on one of her nipples, sucking it into his moist mouth. He dipped a his middle finger into her wanton sex and started to caress her clit with his thumb. He wanted to love her and allow her to love him in return.

"Oh Rob, its been too long since its just been the two of us like this. Take me please make me full"

"I don't think so Lexy baby, not yet. I want you to scream my name before I penetrate you."

She panted, as she felt him add three fingers and his tongue now to the mix. He sucked on her swollen clit. "Oh god I'm cumming Rob. "she screamed as her first orgasm of the day rolled over her. Her head rolled back and she felt like she couldn't breathe. It took all of her energy. She didn't have much time to think before he started to ravish her once again. This time a much different way, so different it might have even been a first for them.

He lifted her onto his desk so she was sat up on it, legs splayed, he pulled her onto the edge and stuck his cock straight in, lifting her up,

"Pump me baby," he moaned and she started to writhe around on him.

He pounded her into oblivion she couldn't even think besides anything but the sensation of his hard cock slamming into her tight pussy.

He slammed her into the office wall and continued his assault,

"God Lex, you feel so good baby," he groaned, his knees about to buckle.

"Ahhhh......Rob......oooooo" she moaned. She couldn't form words. She felt her cunt start to contract as another orgasm over took her.

She was still riding out her orgasm when she felt something protrude her ass.

"What the hell Rob?" she gasped as she felt fingers slide into her ass. She opened her eyes and was stunned by what she saw. Faith.

"Faith? When did you get back?" She said then moaned as another finger slid into her ass.

"Ive been here about five minutes Lex, I was getting rather horny watching Rob slam you and needed to get in on the action."

"Faith go in the bottom drawer of my filing cabinet. Go pick out a butt plug for Lex" Rob ordered her as he pounded Lex one last time as he climaxed. She clutched down and milked her husbands cock for all its worth.

Faith gulped and disappeared, feeling rather jealous of Rob and Lex's liaison.

When she returned Lex was on all fours with her ass in the air while Rob lubed her ass up preparing it for the intrusion.

"Oh that's a good one" Rob said. "That's the biggest we have, Lex hasn't tried this one yet," he grinned as Faith passed it to him. "Now strip!" he ordered Faith.

"What?" she asked him.

"You will learn how to be a slave today, and the first thing you need to learn is to obey your master and mistress" he ordered. "Strip right now or face your punishment."

She started to quiver at the tone of his voice. She was starting to resent him, she wanted Lex.

"Hurry up slave" Lex ordered. "You'll be the one putting this in my ass."

Faith gulped as she stripped and walked over to Lex, taking the plug back off Rob. She slowly pushed it in and started to wriggle it around. She jumped as she felt her pussy lips being spread and a wet tongue enter her.

"Concentrate on me slut, fill my ass" Lex ordered. "You do what your master and mistress want, not what you want or what's being done to you"

Faith nodded like the subservient she was supposed to be and quietly slid a finger into Lex's dripping cunt whilst fucking her arse with the plug.

"OK Faith enough with Lexy, kneel down and suck your masters cock,"

She felt her stomach turn, she didn't want Rob. She knew that Lex had turned her.

"No Rob," Lex said, "Let her continue, just a little more and then how about we both do you?"

"No she needs to learn to do what is told. and I want my dick sucked now. If you still want some action I will lay down and you can sit on my face my lovely wife,"

Lex groaned as she was on the verge of cumming again. Faith fingers in her pussy were like heaven. She even managed to rub her swollen clit, causing little pulses throughout her whole cunt.

Faith groaned because as much as she wanted to feel turned on, Rob doing her was leaving her feeling numb. She knew she had to obey and reluctantly pulled away from Lex and forced her mouth open, taking Rob inside.

"Come here baby" Rob told Lex. "I'll finish you off,"

"No Rob," she grinned, "I'm gonna do Faith,"

"She has to earn her pleasures Lex. Do you need to go through lessons as well? You've never slipped so bad,"

"Whatever Rob," she submitted and made herself available for Robs pleasures.

Rob pulled her down to him so he was staring up at her dripping wet sex. He hadn't even touched her but she felt vibrations in her asshole.

"Damn plug," she cursed as Rob licked her slit, suckling on her.

"Come for me Lexy, drip into my mouth," he asked.

He moaned at the pleasure Faith is giving him down below and the moaning vibrated onto Lex's swollen clit making her cum on contact.

"Oh God yea Rob," she moaned as Rob felt his balls swell.

"Ready Faith?" he asked just before he shot his load into her mouth.

Faith gagged and spit some of his semen onto his penis.

"Jesus Rob!" she coughed, "Are you trying to drown me?"

"Lick it all up slut, clean my cock off"

"Rob, stop being such a demanding bastard," Lex interjected as she scooped up some of his semen and licked it off her fingers

"Lex we talked about this lesson and agreed on it. What is your problem?"

She shot him a hard stare and gripped his balls in the vice she lovingly referred to as her hand.

"I'm the boss now Rob, comply with my will."

"We'll talk about this later wifey." he laughed shaking his head as he felt a slight pain in his sac as she was squeezing his balls with all the strength was left in her.

He yelped and Lex smirked, "You aren't always the boss Rob"

"Faith shall we play with him? Make him the slave?"

"Sounds like a plan to me Lex, what ya have in mind?"

"Well go get that box on top of the filing cabinet. We'll use some things in there"

She went to retrieve the box and grinned when she opened the lid, "Oh Rob what have you let yourself in for?"

"This isn't what we planned at all Lex" he moaned.

"Nope it isn't but it's sure gonna be fun."

"I learn from seeing Rob, so please act out the part of the slave for me and I will learn and next time it's all me"

He didn't have chance to reply as she whipped out a pair of cuffs and cuffed him to the desk,

"Lex come on baby, you don't really want to do this do you?"

"Yes yes I do" she grinned evily as she started to strip the clothes off his back.

"So Faith, what shall we do to him?" Lex moaned as she felt Faith's hand on her ass playing with the plug that rested in her ass.

"Well Lex I think that the first pleasure point is going to be his sack suck em in a roll em around," she grinned.

"You two do know you will be punished for this right?" he moaned trying to get lose from the cuffs.

"Does it look like we care Rob?"

"You'll just have to find somewhere to sleep tonight then Lex" he threatened.

"She'll live with me, no worries" Faith kissed Lex. "I'd love to have her."

She pushed Lex to the floor in front of Rob and they started to make out, just out of his reach, "She's a much better lay than you Rob," Lex smirked, teasing him.

"I know my husband very well Faith, the best torture is watching us go at it without able to touch us or himself."

"Sounds good Lex," she replied as her hand dipped into Lex's soaking wet pussy whilst she watched to look on Rob's face.

"Oh God please don't do this to me" he begged.

"Should we ball gag him?" asked Lex.

"Sounds like a great idea" she said adding a forth finger deep into her opening.

"Oh god, we'll do that later, I need you to fuck me hard right now."

The whole fist slipped in easily and she started to pump hard, both grinned at his rock hard penis, so swollen and engorged it looked like it was going to rip open.

"Oh God girls, please I have a problem" he gestured towards his ever swollen cock.

"We will Rob, in due time" Faith said and blew him a kiss before turning back to Lex. Their lips clashed together in a frenzy as Faiths fist left Lex, she rolled Lex's nipples in between her thumb and forefinger before Lex pushed her onto her back, ready to pleasure her.

"You ready for the biggest, longest most intense orgasm of your life?"

"With you Lex? Of course baby."

"Ok here" Lex said as she reached into the box of toys and handed her silicone breast enhancers. "Put these on while I prep Rob"

"Ooh, these feel nice Lex, where did you get them?" she said squeezing them.

"Literotica store, that's where we got most of this" she said looking for the perfect thing for Rob. That's when she saw it a penis gag. Now he'd know what they've gone through when he shoves his penis in the throats like there was no tomorrow.

"Look what you get to suck on while I suck on Faith."

"No chance Lexy. if you think you are going to put tha...."

He couldn't speak anymore as Lex plunged the falic object into his wide open mouth and placed the elastic strap behind his head.

"You suck Rob and you will like!" she ordered.

"So what about this amazing orgasm I'm supposed to have Lexy?"

"Cumming right up" she giggled once again diving back into the box.

"Lexy baby I am getting really horny here," grinned as she oped her legs wide in front of Rob and sucked her index finger before plowing it right inside her dripped slit.

"I'm hurrying babe, gotta find the right thing." She said looking but then "Ahh found it." It was a double dildo so she could pound her ass and cunt at the same time.

"How do you feel about this inside you?"

"Looks interesting Lex baby, wanna give it a go?"

"I do are you ready?" She asked as she began to prepare her ass. Slipping some lube on her finger and running it around her ass before slipping it in up to the knuckle.

"Oh god Lexy that feels so good"

"I'm glad it does Faith baby," she grinned at Rob, "Having fun there Rob?"

She leaned over and whispered in Faiths ear, "I'll do you from behind, you suck Rob til he's on the point and then pull off him, leave him gagging for more."

"You are so evil" She suckled on her earlobe. "I love it"

"I love you Faith," Lex whispered so low that only Faith could hear her. At those words she felt her pussy start to quiver. She didn't say anything right then, but later on after Rob was gone she'd express to her just how she felt.

Faith got up and walked over to Rob, climbed up on top of the desk, sticking her ass in the air and opened herself up to pleasure from Lexy. "So you want to get off Rob? Want me to suck you off again?"

"Oh God do I ever," he though but just nodded his head.

"Do you really want to get off Rob?" Faith said and leaned so far forward she almost fell off the table, her head neared his dick and she enclosed her mouth around the shaft.

He moaned through the penis gag, she kept sucking and pounding on his cock until he came just to the edge of orgasm and then she stopped, pulled off him and grinned, "We don't want to spoil the party Rob but I am aching for you amazing wife."

He moaned and trashed but to no avail, they would not let him release yet.

"So ready for that wonderful orgasm I promised you?" Lex asked but didn't wait for an answer before she rammed the dildo into both her pussy and ass simultaneously.

"OH God Lexy, that is amazing," Faith cried out as Lex slowly pulled the toy in and out of her openings. She rolled her head back and opened her mouth in pleasure, the pressure inside her building quickly. "Harder baby, pound me harder, make your husband yearn for this."

"Faith I want you to yearn for this, this is all for you not for him!"

"I do Lex, oh God" she panted as Lex slowly pulled the anal dildo out slowly, leaving the pussy one still right up inside her, keeping it still. She reached for the remote on her nipple stimulator and cranked it up to full blast. "Lex I'm cumming, so help me God, I'm cumming!!!"

She started pumping Faith with the dildo once again, but slowly to keep her riding her orgasm for longer. She wanted to make it amazing for her, something that Rob never did. Faith's orgasm was all consuming she felt weak all over and started to wobble at the sheer intensity of it.

"Oh God, I'm going to fall" she cried out as her legs did collapse from under her. Lex jumped up and caught her before she completely fell off the table and steadied her body so she could shift back onto the table. "That has to be the best orgasm in my entire life." she panted as she regained her composure.

"I'm glad it was Faith," she grinned, "Now it's Rob's turn for torturous delights."

"Torturous?"

"Well, unless he's never told me about it before, I think it's time we showed him that women have rights as well as men and he's going to play Mr Submissive for a change."

"Oh evil. This could be so much fun."

"So my Rob, are you fed up of sucking cock now?"

He nodded his head and she took the gag out of his mouth. "What the hell are you doing to me Lex? This was only supposed to be a bit of fun."

"Well baby we are certainly having fun," Lex winked at Faith

"Well I'm not so untie me and let's go" he moaned getting impatient.

"Now you know how I feel Rob when you don't listen to me. Right now I'm having fun making love with Faith, that's right Rob, I said making love."

"Faith you are fired, now get out of here." He shouted.

"Now now Rob," Lex smiled, "You do realize what I said don't you? I've fallen for Faith, consider this the start of the divorce."

"Oh absolutely not, you are mine Lexy, no one else's we've talked about this before there is no way you can leave me. I can ruin you." he said calmly yet sternly. "Now you are both my property either you stay here with me or else."

"Or else what Rob? We can start over, you are tied to a chair..."

"You have no money Lex. You need me."

"Oh that.." she laughed, "I emptied the safe in the office."

"Anything I can do to talk you into staying with me Lexy? I do really love you"

"Love is just a word Rob and everyone knows actions speak louder than words ever can."

"I'm sorry I will change, I know you love Faith, how about the three of us stay together?"

"Prove to us that you have changed Rob and we'll think about it, wont we Faith?"

"Lex, I never actually said I didn't want a cock in my life."

"Well neither have I, but the question is is this the cock we want in our life?" Lex questioned as she walked towards Rob. "Hmm lets see him prove to us that your the one we want" She whispered seductively into his ear as she lowered herself onto his swollen cock. "Fuck me Rob, fuck me like you never have before."

Faith got up and walked over to them, finally letting him free. He laid down onto the floor as Lex rode him well. Faith sank down onto his face, hovering her wet pussy a couple of inches from his face. "Lunch time Rob."

It didn't take long before his tongue plunged into her wet opening, he lifted his sore hands to her and opened her pussy wide to give his tongue a better access. She felt her juices flow out of her as he lapped her. She moaned in sync with Lex. She leant over and captured Lex's lips with her own and kissed her deep.

A few minutes later the kiss broke and Faith spoke up. "I need Rob's dick in me now" she moaned grabbing onto Lex's tits. "Switch me?"

"How about he fucks you from behind and you eat me?"

Rob moaned at their dirty talk, he didn't care who was going to do who...all he wanted was some pussy.

"I think I can handle this arrangement" Faith purred as she got off of Rob and he and Lex changed positions.

"So long as Rob doesn't get ideas above his station," Lex demanded of him, "Otherwise we'll just tie him up and make him watch again."

"I'll be good, I promise but you can always do that again, I hated it but I have to admit it was really hot." he said as he plunged himself hard into Faith.

"You damn tart," Lex laughed then moaned loudly and arched her back as she felt Faith lightly licking her slit.

"Lexy," Faith said as she sporadically licked her,

"Mnnnnn," she answered biting her bottom lip,

"I love fucking you."

"I love you fucking me" she moaned. Vibrations shot through her as Faith moaned as Rob made contact with her clit, which made her orgasm on the spot. She bit down onto Lexs clit making her scream in passion.

"Fuckkkkkkkkkkkk!" Both girls shouted as they fought their orgasms, Rob laughed.

"You do need me don't you?"

Lex sighed and moaned. "We do need you Rob, oh God we do need you."

"Good," he grinned, "Who could ask for anything more, two hot women being into me."

"This dom/sub thing is fun every now and then Rob but not all the time. we need to set boundaries" she started to explain then Faith began to play with the plug that still invaded her ass.

"Whoa," she said as feeling took hold once again,

"You were saying Lexy?" Rob grinned.

"Oh god I don't know." she panted "Don't stop playing with that Faith"

Both Faith and Rob grinned at one another, he stepped over to her and took her lips with his, eliciting a gentle moan from her lips, though all not taking her hand off of the plug protruding Lex's ass.

"Faith, whatever you and Rob are doing, do not stop playing with that plug," she gasped as Faith wriggled it some more.

"Eat me Rob," Faith pleaded with him, feeling juices dripping from her sex.

Rob didn't say a word just got on his knees and started to lap up her juices causing her to writhe with pleasure.

"Faith don't forget about me" Lex moaned as she began to furiously rub her own clit.

"I'll never forget you Lex," she moaned as she moved the plug again, slowly and thoughtfully.

"Pound my ass Faith, prepare it for Rob" she grinded her hips into the plug that Faith held.

"You want Rob huh? Take him," she said as she pulled the plug and pushed Rob away.

"Are you OK Faith?"

"Yeah fine" she lied. "She's all ready for you Rob, fuck your wife" she said void of emotion and stood up walking to the other side of the room. She picked up her clothes and dressed before she walked out and left them alone

"So what I can fuck her but can't fuck you?" He asked sitting there in shock.

"Apparently" she said. "I'll be right back Rob, I have to talk to her before she leaves" she said and got up running towards the door, totally naked out of the door.

She didn't have to go far to find her, there she sat at her desk crying.

"Faith honey whats wrong?" Lex asked her putting her hand on her back rubbing it up and down comfortingly.
