 It had been an unbearably hot summer; and I know my wife and I were both wishing we'd purchased central air conditioning for our home because the 95-degree temperatures were making the house a smoldering cauldron. Our only relief from the heat was a single, window-mounted air conditioner in our bedroom.

It was about 6:30 on a Saturday, and my wife and I had been lying in bed watching TV and enjoying the only cool room in the house for most of the day. Every now and then, one of us would stumble out of the bedroom, dash through the heat, and bring back some soda or some snacks, but otherwise, we sat there on the bed; my wife still in her nightgown, and myself wearing boxers and a tee-shirt. My wife is beautiful. About 5 foot 10 inches tall, and absolutely sculpted. She has perfect, petite breasts that stand always at attention, and naturally blond hair that's so healthy it practically glows.

The doorbell rang. My wife looked up at me puzzled, and I smiled, glancing at the two of us in the mirror. Here it was, 6:30 p.m., and we were still in our bedclothes. I toyed with ignoring the doorbell, but decided instead to trot downstairs and see who had braved the heat to pay us a visit. I opened the door, and there stood Jenny; my wife's oldest friend. They'd known each other since middle school, and Jenny lived just a few doors down from us.

Jenny was absolutely drenched in sweat. Her tank top was soaking, and hung to her chest, making the white cotton cloth virtually transparent. I glanced from her face to her breasts, and suddenly realized she wasn't wearing a bra. I could clearly make out her nipples, her areola, and the entirety of her tits. I quickly looked away, embarrassed.

"Hey, Jenny." I smiled. "What can I do for you?" I held the door open and offered her in.

"God, it's hot," Jenny said with a grin. "Where's Alicia?"

"She's in the bedroom. It's the only room in the house with air condition-" I hadn't finished the sentence before Jenny squealed with delight and charged up the stairs. I hoped Alicia wouldn't be upset that Jenny'd stopped by, but I figured if anyone (other than me) was going to see my wife in nothing but a nightgown, it might as well be her oldest and dearest friend. I darted into the kitchen to get a round of ice-cold beverages for everyone, then headed upstairs.

I opened the bedroom door, and found my wife sitting on the bed, with Jenny sprawled out spread-eagle next to her. They'd turned off the TV, and were whispering something to each other. I couldn't make out the conversation, but I heard my wife say "let's do it" as I stepped through the door. I smiled. This was going to be interesting.

Jenny rolled over and sat up a bit. I handed each of these beautiful ladies one of the glasses I'd brought, and then took a seat on the bed. Jenny slurped down her water like she hadn't had anything to drink in a month.

"I am soooo hot," Jenny said, smiling at my wife.

"Yeah," I sighed. "It's 95 degrees, not counting the humidity. We've been in the bedroom all day."

"Oh, really?" Jenny smiled. "What have you two been up to?" She looked mischievously from my wife to me and back again. I blushed, and my dick began to harden in my boxers. I had to adjust myself to keep from making my erection obvious, but as I turned my body and propped one leg up, my wife caught sight of it and giggled.

"Mostly foreplay," my wife said. She placed her hand on my knee and gently stroked my thigh. I turned bright red, I'm sure; and thought I was going to faint dead away from my combined embarrassment and shock.

Jenny laughed. "I think he's embarrassed," she said no doubt looking at my bright red face.

Alicia turned to me and stared me in the eyes. "John," she said, "We're all crazy with the heat. What say you relax a little and the three of us have some fun?" As she spoke these words to me, she'd slid her hand down my thigh and was gently stroking my member through my boxers. I was rock hard and absolutely floored. My wife and I-in our four years of marriage-had never even talked about including other partners; but it seemed as though that's obviously where this was headed.

I smiled. I relaxed a little bit. "What did the two of you have in mind?"

"Let's start off with a little show," Jenny said; and with that, she stood and took of her tank top. Her breasts were larger than my wife's; but not too large to be unwieldy. She blew a kiss at me, and then slipped out of her shorts as well. She kicked her shorts across the room, and stood before my wife and I wearing nothing but a pair of lace bikini panties. I glanced at my wife to make sure she was okay with this, and she was smiling like the Cheshire cat, staring right at Jenny.

My wife stood on the bed and began a little dance, slowly circling her pelvis towards me, and then circling it towards Jenny. Jenny moved in and sat at the base of the bed, next to me, watching Alicia's every move. Slowly, almost like it was in slow motion, really, Alicia slipped her nightgown over her head and stood before the two of us naked. I was in awe. My wife has the most incredible body in the world; and staring up at her perfect curves, delicate blond pubic hair, and fully swollen vagina, I thought I was going to spill my load right then and there.

But there was more in store for me. As my wife continued her dance, Jenny seized her butt and pulled my wife's pussy to her. As I stared on, growing harder and harder than I'd ever been in my life, Jenny ate my wife's pussy, spreading her lips with her fingers and rhythmically attacking my wife while she danced. It was beautiful to watch. As my wife pushed in, Jenny's mouth would ride up and gently cup Alicia's clit, then as my wife's stroke slid back, Jenny's tongue would slide into my wife's hole. I could tell by the expression on my wife's face that she had no desire for this to stop.

Jenny eased my wife flat onto the bed and pushed her legs open wide. Then she increased her tempo a bit, now that she was in control; and she continued her delicate ministrations on my wife. I couldn't help myself, and as I watched Jenny's tongue first stroking my wife's clitoris, then diving deeply into my wife's vagina, I found my hand on my own hard staff. My wife's eyes rolled back in her head as her moaning increased; and as I stood there with my dick in my hands-absolutely in awe at what I was watching-the whole bed shook with my wife's screaming, powerful orgasm.

"That was incredible-" I started to say, trying to tuck my engorged organ back into my boxers. "That was-", I started again

But my wife and Jenny were on me in no time. Jenny shoved me back on the bed as my wife pulled my boxers off. Jenny straddled me and lifted my tee shirt from under me, pushing her moist pussy up and down against my chest.

The next thing I knew, my wife's mouth was wrapped around my member. Her warm mouth wrapped around me put me into a state of hyperstimulation. My whole body was numb. I grabbed Jenny by the thighs and pulled her pussy to my face, licking her vagina through her lace underwear. I started to slide her underwear down her thighs, but she had to lift herself off of me to get her underwear all the way off.

Meanwhile, my wife was giving me the blowjob of a lifetime. She was licking the head of my penis, gently taking it in to her mouth and teasing me to extremes. I have never been so stimulated; and at each moment, I thought, "I can get no more excited," only to discover that there was, in fact, further I could go. Jenny placed a knee on each side of my head, and plunged her pussy onto my face. It had been over ten years since I'd tasted a vagina other than my wife's; and I was pleasantly surprised by Jenny's musky-sweet flavor.

I'd paid attention when she was attacking my wife's pussy, and I tried to put her own methods in to practice. As she bobbed herself on my face, I fell in to a natural rhythm. First, I'd gently wrap my lips around her clitoris, then as she slid back a bit, I'd let me tongue drop into her vagina. As she came forward, my tongue would dip into her sugary walls, and as she slid back, my lips would close around her clit again.

I was obviously doing something right, because Jenny's rhythm was increasing; she was practically fucking my head. And, as Jenny's rhythm increased, so did my wife's ministrations on my penis. Jenny started whimpering softly; stroking the sides of my head with her thighs. She leaned back and pushed her pussy in to me with even more force; and I pressed against her harder; stroking her longer, taking more of her clit into my mouth.

Suddenly, I felt an uncontrollable spasm whipping through my body. Radiating from my penis, and extending in waves through every inch of my body, I began to come uncontrollably as waves of pleasure rocketed through my body. I opened my mouth, wide, to scream, or gasp or I don't know what; and Jenny let out a tremendous scream of pleasure, shaking with wave after wave of spasm against me. The waves of pleasure swept us both; as my wife drank my come from my penis, I continued to gently stroke Jenny's pussy with my tongue. As Jenny rolled off of me, the tingling slowly began to subside. I tried to push myself upright, but I was still too numb to move well. I stared at my wife in awe. I looked at Jenny and smiled; and my wife slid up the bed to rest between the two of us, three across on the bed.

"Is it just me, or is it really hot in here?" she asked with a grin; and we all laughed.