 Yeah, Niki was my girl, and to this day I still don’t understand why. She was as cute as they come. A farmer’s daughter and he sure knew how to grow ’em, if you know what I mean.

About 5’ 3’’ short, long straight brown hair, green eyes, cute little nose, and full luscious lips. Tits, oh those beautiful tits, not too big, not too small, you know just right. She was about 10 Lbs. over perfect weight. That ass was to die for. When she put on those tight jeans and walked by the guys they all had to take another look before they let her walk on by.

All the guys wanted her. One look at her and you could just tell she was built for sexual pleasure and everybody knew it. I had to put up with every guy around trying to get in her pants when we went out. Hell, she even had other chicks hitting on her she was so hot.

Me? I’m just a regular guy, 5’11’’, 155lbs, brown hair, and blue eyes. I guess I’m built ok. Oh, by the way, my name is Scott.

It was a hot summer Saturday morning and Niki and I both had the day off from work. We had planned to sleep late and just have fun and enjoy the weekend. When I woke up kind of early Saturday, I just couldn’t go back to sleep. The main reason why was there was Niki lying beside me, naked. We had stayed up late last night fucking our brains out till we just couldn’t go on, and then collapsed in each other’s arms and fell asleep.

Now there she was just lying there sleeping so innocently, that body made for sex begging me to do something to awaken it. Her legs were slightly spread and I could see her beautiful pussy just waiting for attention. The aroma of the hot steamy sex we had just a few hours earlier still lingered in the air and the sight of her and the smell were making my cock come alive. I just had to roll over and put my nose between her legs and breathe in that wonderful scent.

That is all it took, I positioned myself between her legs. My face was just a couple of inches away from that wonderful pussy of hers. I lay there smelling it till I couldn’t take it any longer. My tongue seemed to have a mind of its own as it found its way between her full, swollen pussy lips and very tenderly began to slide up and down her slit, still warm and moist from the night before. I dipped my tongue in her sweet hole and started to slide it upward till it reached her now awakening clit. I licked and stabbed the end of it with just the tip of my tongue. It twitched and that is what brought Niki out of her restful sleep. I heard a low throaty moan and felt her hands on my head as she awakened and spread her legs as far as she could to let my lips and tongue have their way with her now hot, dripping pussy.

The next thing I heard was “Oh God Scott, eat my pussy” as I used my fingers to pull the soft skin hood back from over her now big, swollen clit. I wrapped my hot, wet lips around it at the tip and began to suck softly up and down its length as my tongue pushed and encircled it sucking her closer to the edge of orgasmic pleasure.

I could feel my hard, throbbing cock drippin precum. It was trapped between my belly and the bed as I humped the bed to give my hot, swollen member some pleasure of its own. I sucked and pulled up on her now spasming clit with my hot, wet lips till it slipped from between them and snapped back down. My tongue immediately started an assault between her swollen, sloppy pussy lips as I started to tongue fuck her dripping hole.

I heard a loud squeal from Niki and the words, “OH GOD Scott! I’M GONNA.” She never got to finish her sentence. 

I immediately jumped up from between her legs and off the bed and ran out of the bedroom saying “I got to go piss.” I was leaving her there with her beautiful body tensed and tight as a bowstring, in agony, begging for sexual release.

As I ran out of the room laughing I heard Niki scream, “Scott, you pussy eating bastard! Get back up here and make me cum!”

As I made my way down the stairs to the bathroom I heard Niki scream, “Scott, you’re gonna get it now, damn you.” I knew the payback would be nothing less than pure sexual tormenting pleasure.

This was just the beginning of what Niki and I loved to do to each other. We would do this all day long, just play around with each other and when we got a chance, bring each other to the edge of orgasm and then stop just before it happened.

The teasing and playing was the agonizing sexual pleasure that would build us both up to the night ahead when we would finally give in to our pent up sexual frustration of the day. Before the night was over, we both knew we would be acting like sex-crazed animals, with no intention of stopping until we were both completely spent and sexually satisfied.

You know, I just thought, maybe this is one of the reasons why Niki stayed with me.

I jumped in the shower to wash off the lingering aroma and stickiness of the pure sexual pleasure from the night before and the more recent coating of pussy juice all over my face. I didn’t want to have to confront Niki right then. I figured by the time I took a shower she would be downstairs and have her mind on other things by then. Boy was I wrong!!! I had only just gotten started when Niki shoved back the shower curtain and stood there naked with this sheepish little grin on her face.

She said, “Look Scott, I’m not mad. As a matter of fact I think you were great last night and I just want to give you a little reward.” With that she reached out and grabbed hold of my still half hard cock and started stroking it. I couldn’t move. She was the best I had ever seen when it came to giving a man sexual pleasure with every part of her body. I loved it when she stroked my cock. Sometimes when I would eat her pussy till she cum, she would make me lie on my back and she would jack and stroke on my cock till I exploded all over the place.

It didn’t take but a few strokes and she had me right where she wanted me. I was putty in her hands and she knew it. She had my cock standing up, swollen, fat and throbbin. As the water ran down my back she kept pulling on my cock in a slow sensual rhythm with her eyes glued on it so she could see when the first drop of precum showed up. It was only a few strokes before she got what she was going for. As my cock started to ooze the first drop of precum from its piss hole, Niki moaned and started to squeeze a little harder and milk my cock until the cock juice was running out all over the head. With that she dropped to her knees and slipped her hot wet lips around it.

She knew exactly what to do. I heard myself groan, and from my mouth came, “Ahhhhhhhh!!! Baby, suck my cock.” I was lost somewhere in a sexual cock sucking bliss. Niki was a cock sucking machine. She was all over it and up and down it, shoving it down her throat and then sliding her hot, wet mouth back up to the head where her tongue was like a silky, wet, warm whirlwind around it as her soft wet lips firmly sucked at the same time. It was more than I could take. I started to hump my hips for her as the pressure in my balls became too much. 

Again somewhere from inside me came a moan and the words, “Baby I’m gonna cum!!!”

With that Niki immediately stood up, turned around and started walking out of the bathroom. When she got to the door she turned around and looked at me with that cute little grin and said, “Hurry up and get your shower done. I want to take one too,” and walked out.

My mind was a blur, as my cock was left throbbing and jumping with every beat of my heart. Damn that little slut!!! I should have known that was what she was up to, but I just couldn’t help it. It felt so good, there was no way I was going to stop her.


Well I got my payback for getting her all horny upstairs and just leaving her like that. Now we were both a couple of horny fuckers and it was just morning! When we got like that there was no telling what would happen before the day, evening, and night were over.

As I walked out of the bathroom, Niki was walking in. I grabbed her by the arm and planted a warm, wet kiss on her delicious lips. When we came up for air I looked into her come fuck me eyes, and said, “Truce.” 

She looked at me and said, “Ok, I won’t do that again Scott. I’m sorry.” There was that little lying grin again as she walked on into the bathroom to take her shower. That’s ok. I was on my guard now and she wouldn’t be able to do that kind of thing so easy now.

We had a light lunch and Niki said she wanted us to go shopping at the mall. I hadn’t been to the mall shopping in a while so I said, “That sounds like fun, let’s go.”

Niki had on her tight little hip hugging jeans and a halter top. She might as well have had a sign on her that said, “Come fuck me hard.”

I knew what she was doing and it was working. She was trying to make me horny by looking like that and parading around the mall for all the horny guys to see. I would get a few looks and a little grin from some hot chicks every once in a while myself so that’s why I like to go to the mall. But damn! When Niki walked around it seemed like she was the main attraction. Every male from 14 to 70 years old would undress her with his eyes as she walked by. Now I didn’t worry so much about the real young ones or the older ones. It was those guys from about 18 to 45 I had to keep a close eye on. If I left her alone for just a couple of minutes, I would come back and there she would be, talking and flirting with some guy. She knew it drove me crazy and made me horny as hell for her. That’s exactly why she did it.



We went into a department store and were looking around when Niki said, “I think you need some new jeans. Let’s go look at them.” We walked over to the men’s department and were looking at jeans when she picked up a pair and said, “Oh Scott. I think you would look delicious in these. Why don’t you try them on?”

So I thought, “What the hell.” I did like the looks of them. I started looking around for a dressing room when I spotted an open doorway in the back wall of the men’s department. It was the dressing rooms. You went in the doorway and turned to your right and there was a hallway with about six dressing booths down it. Well, I knew what Niki had planned. I knew when I got done trying on the jeans I would walk out and there she would be practically rubbing it all over some cute unsuspecting guy. I was the only one in the dressing rooms so I walked on back and opened the half door to one of the booths. I went in and took my jeans off and slid the new pair on. Just as I was zipping them up the door to the booth opened behind me. I spun around to see what the hell was going on and there stood Niki.

I said, “Niki! What in the hell are you doing in here? This is the men’s dressing room.”

She just grinned and said, “There’s nobody but us in here and nobody saw me come in.” She said, “Oh Scott, you look so hot in those, we are going to buy them for you. Now, get out of them and we will go pay for them.”

“Well,” I thought. “If that will get us out of here before anyone catches us in here then fine.” I slid them off onto the floor. As I was bent half over I felt Niki put her hands on my ass and start rubbing it. I said, “Damn Niki, you better stop that.” That’s when she reached around from behind and grabbed my half hard cock and started jacking on it. I just froze. I couldn’t do a thing to stop her. About 10 strokes and she had my cock standing straight up and throbbin.

Then she stepped in front of me and pulled down her pants and said, “Fuck me like a dog Scott.”

I couldn’t stand it. She was bent over in front of me with that sweet little ass sticking up in the air and pushing it back and rubbing it all over my cock. I grabbed my cock and put the head against her hot, wet pussy lips and shoved it in, clear up to the hilt.

I heard Niki say, “Ohhhhhhhhhhh Scott, fuck me!”

I started rammin’ my hard, fat, throbbin cunt reamer in and out of her hot, sloppy, little puss as fast as I could so I could get her fucked and get the hell out of there before someone caught us. About that time we heard someone come around the corner into the hallway.

“Damn” I pulled out of Niki and said, “Get your pants up fast!” Neither one of us got to cum. We both flew into our jeans and out the door of the dressing room we went. There stood a guy in the hallway holding a pair of pants with a funny look on his face. As we walked by I pointed to the pants he had in his hand and said, “That looks like a nice choice.” Niki just giggled and we got out of there fast.

When we walked out of the dressing rooms there stood a clerk just staring at us in amazement. I handed him the jeans and said, “We will take these.”

He was standing there with his mouth half open and said, “Yeah, sure.” We were paying for the jeans and the clerk just kept looking at us as Niki stood there beside me giggling and rubbing her hands all over my arms and chest. The clerk gave us the jeans in a bag and said, “Thank you.”

I said, “Thank you,” with a grin and Niki and I got out of there as quick as we could. As soon as we got out of the store we both just busted out laughing and down the mall we went.

On the way home in the car Niki said, “Hey, let’s go home and get cleaned up and go out tonight and prowl.” 

I agreed, and at the same time thought, “Oh damn.” I knew just what she had on her mind and with any luck at all this was going to be one scorching hot sexual night before it was over.

We went home and threw my new jeans in the washing machine along with some other stuff and just relaxed a little. As evening turned to night Niki and I took showers and got ready to go out and see if we could have a good time. Niki was the last to get ready. It was a warm summer evening and I had no idea what she would wear.

When she came out of the bathroom and said, “Well, I’m ready,” I took one look at her and my cock instantly came to life. She had on a little, sheer, white, cotton tank top that was cut off just below her tits, with a pair of tight, little, white, cotton shorts to match. She had no underwear on and it was quite obvious. With her deep brown tanned skin, you could see her nipples and pussy with no problem at all. I must have looked like a deer caught in the headlights as I stood there drooling with my cock growing harder every second.

She turned around and showed me the back and looking over her shoulder, grinned at me and asked, “Do you like it? I bought it the other day in hopes you would.” You could see every inch of her sweet tight little ass.

I said, “I love it.”

We jumped in the car and were on our way to our local bar where we hang out with some friends on the weekend. We walked in and every head in the place turned to look. Niki might as well have been naked from the way everybody was staring at her.

We were greeted with the old familiar, “Hey, what’s happening,” as we made our way past the pool table on our way to the bar where some friends were sitting. Niki spotted a couple of friends right off who were a pretty hot couple themselves. She was a tall blond with long legs and an ass that wouldn’t quit. He was a good looking guy with big shoulders and a tight little butt. Niki and I had often talked about what it would be like for all four of us to get together some time and swap partners and fuck each other’s brains out. But, it just seemed like the opportunity never came up. We had a couple of drinks with them and talked about what each other had been doing.

Then one of the guys I knew who had been playing pool came up to me and said, “Come on Scott let’s play pool partners with these two hot chicks back here.” You can have one and I will take the other.”

I looked at Niki and she said, “Go on, have some fun.” So I went back to the pool table with him and we flipped a coin to see which chick got which guy. I’m glad we did it that way because both the chicks were hot little numbers and it would have been hard to choose any other way.

As I played pool I could see Niki was not having any problem attracting guys to talk to and buy her drinks. They were practically waiting in line to get next to her and she loved it. I played a couple of games of pool and decided to go see how Niki was doing. She has a tendency to drink a little too much in a situation like this and I didn’t want her to get sick and spoil the night. When I made my way back to her, to my surprise she was doing really well. She had guys all over her and wasn’t but just a little bit buzzed by the booze. She had a guy on each side of her and one guy had his hand on her ass while he talked to her. I came up from behind her and reached down and removed the guy’s hand from her ass.

I leaned over her shoulder and said, “Hey sweet meat, how you doin?” She looked around and saw it was me, turned around on the stool and wrapped her arms around my neck and planted a big, hot, wet kiss on my waiting lips. Damn, she practically shoved her tongue down my throat. 

The guys who were all around just kind of started leaving slowly, mumbling things as they walked away like, “Who the hell is that lucky guy?” and “Man, I would like to put the meat to her one time.”

When Niki finally came up for air I looked in her eyes and said “Hey baby, you’re just about ready aren’t you.”

She just laughed and said, “Hey big guy, let’s get the hell out of here and go for a drive.”

I was all for that so I grabbed her by her sweet little ass with her arms still around my neck and lifted her off the barstool and stood her on the floor. I took her by her hand and led her through the people toward the door.

As we were just about to leave our friends and the guys who were hanging around Niki, yelled, “Hey! Where are you guys goin?”

Niki turned around and in a sexy little voice said, “Bye guys.” You should have heard all the whoops and hollers along with a catcall or two as we walked out the door.

As we walked to the car I said, “Niki, you are a naughty little girl making all those guys cocks hard and then just walking off and leaving them.” She said maybe she needed her little butt spanked for being a naughty little girl like that. We just laughed and got in the car and sped off into the night.

As I drove, Niki was all over me, kissing me and running her tongue all over. Her hands went straight for my body. One was rubbing my chest and the other rubbing my crotch. She had my cock hard in no time at all.

I said, “Hey you hot little piece, where do you want to go?”

It still wasn’t very late, about 10 PM. So Niki said, “Let’s drive down to Old Town and see if there is anybody around.” I agreed. Old Town was a small little burg about 15 miles from where we lived now. We had both grown up there and had gone to high school there too. So we knew some people there who just might be around and looking for some fun on a Saturday night.

We weren’t but a couple of miles out of town when Niki unzipped my pants and got my cock out and began playing with it and stroking it. I left one hand on the wheel and slid the other down between her legs. Her pussy was soaking wet. Those guys back at the bar really had her HOT!!! She kept kissing on me and stroking my now rock hard cock as I slid a finger in her hot little hole and started finger fucking her. I slid my finger out of her puss hole and slid it up between her pussy lips until I found what I was feeling for. Her clit was hard and swollen. My finger was wet with pussy juice as I let it slip and slide all around it. She let out a deep throaty moan and her mouth went straight for my cock. She had precum running out of my cock all over the head of it from all the jackin and strokin she had been doing on it. That’s the first thing she did was to lick all of my cock juice off the head. Then she started to suck my cock like there wasn’t going to be any tomorrow. I had to pull my fingers out of her pussy, and put that hand back on the wheel because it was getting hard to drive with the way she was working on my cock with her hand and mouth. 
