 Kevin had just spent the most unbelievable evening in the company of two gorgeous and very obliging young ladies by the names of Sharon and Paula. This had occurred following him making a phone call to a local public telephone kiosk pretending to be looking for a lady called Sarah, whom he had supposedly met on a train from London some weeks earlier. The idea had come to him after a colleague at work had written down the phone number of a kiosk at the bus station where they both worked and had been ringing strangers at random for a joke. Kevin's idea was to do the same and ring a phone kiosk which was visible from the window of his flat and maybe chat to a few suitable young ladies. He had decided to use an alias and call himself Gary and just have a bit of fun, but what had actually transpired is that he had not only managed to chat with the two girls, who had originally missed their bus home, he had even managed to bed both of them together. 

It was now just after seven o'clock the next morning. The sound of a door closing woke Kevin from his slumber and he glanced at the clock on the bedside table. He was in bed with the duvet tucked up under his chin and the sunlight was pouring in through the window directly onto his face. He got out of bed, yawning and stretching just in time to see Sharon and Paula running for a bus across the road. Everything in the flat was tidy and all his clothes were neatly folded on the sofa in the lounge. After getting dressed and accidently sitting on Paula's brooch which she had inadvertently left behind, he made himself some breakfast, then went out and had a walk around the city centre. He wasn't working that weekend and came back to the flat to get ready to meet a friend for some lunch prior to going to watch the local football team who were playing at home, when there was a knock at the door. Thinking it was one of his neighbours wanting to borrow something, he opened the door to find Paula standing outside.

"Oh, hello," he said. "Come in. It's nice to see you again. How are you?"

"Fine," said Paula. "What about you? Did you enjoy last night?"

"I'll say," he said. "I've never had a threesome before and it was something different."

"Neither have I," said Paula. "I must admit, I was a bit surprised when Sharon instigated it. I thought we were just going to have a drink then catch the last bus home. Instead, we ended up on the first bus this morning! We must have fallen asleep after all the exertion. It was gone half past six when I woke up and it was a bit of a shock to find a stranger and your best friend both naked in bed with you, I can tell you!"

Kevin laughed. He looked at Paula, now dressed in a black midi length skirt and a dark red polo neck sweater. She had a black anorak over the top, which was unfastened and wore black knee length boots. She had been shopping and carried a couple of carrier bags with a few early Christmas presents inside. He felt his cock start to strain under his jeans and Y-fronts and felt instantly attracted to her again. Paula put her bags down near to the sofa,

"I didn't leave my brooch here earlier, did I?" she said, "Only when I got on the bus, I noticed it was missing. I couldn't remember seeing it this morning, neither did Sharon."

"Yes, you bloody well did!" said Kevin. "I sat on the damn thing when I was dressing this morning and pricked my arse! Here you are."

Paula laughed at this sudden outburst. Kevin went over to the little table where he had put it and handed it to her.

"Oh, thank you!" said Paula. "It belonged to my grandma and I only wear it on certain occasions. It was the fourth anniversary of her death yesterday, that's why I was wearing it. I'm so relieved it's safe. Thank you!"

She put the brooch safely in her handbag and went to pick up her shopping bags.

"Well, I'd better be going," she said. "Thanks again!"

Kevin took her by the waist and kissed her on the lips.

"Do you have to?" he said, "We could carry on where we left off earlier."

"I can't," she said. "I'm meeting my sister for lunch in half an hour."

"You can do a lot in half an hour!" said Kevin, as he ran his hands over the front of her sweater and squeezed her breasts through it.

"Good grief, you don't even give anyone chance to get their coat off, do you now?" said Paula, giggling. "Give over! I have to go!"

Even though he was going out himself, Kevin couldn't resist running his hands up under her sweater and pulling it up over her tits. As with the previous evening, they sat encased in a white bra and he kissed them and cupped them and fondled them through the material.

Paula was giggling and protesting loudly and trying to break away from him. She managed to pull her jumper down a bit but his hands were now under the back of her anorak and fumbling about round the back of her skirt. He managed to unzip it and undo the button fastener and started to slide it down a little way, noting the few inches of white shiny nylon which came into view, but she was able to grab it before it slipped too far.

"Stop it now," she said still giggling and quite red in the face from struggling. "I really do have to go!"

She readjusted her skirt and fastened it up again, then pulled her sweater straight and fastened her anorak so that he could not interfere with any more of her clothing.

"Honestly, Kevin. What are you like?" she said.

Kevin stopped for a moment and looked at her. 

"How did you know my name?" he said.

"When Sharon and I were dressing this morning, we found a name badge on the floor near the chair, with 'Kevin Prentice' on it," she said. "We guessed Kevin was your real name. Why did you call yourself Gary?"

Kevin suddenly felt ashamed. He shrugged his shoulders and said nothing for a moment.

"I guess that means you won't want to see me again," he said, ignoring Paula's gaze.

She put her hands on his shoulders and kissed him on the cheek.

"Why do you think I left my phone number on the cigarette box?" she said. "Of course I want to see you again, but as Kevin, not as Gary, and not with Sharon. She's my best friend, but not a sexual partner. What happened last night was a surprise to me as well as you but I enjoyed it, even though it was a little embarrassing at times when she undressed me!"

Kevin kissed her again on the lips more passionately before she broke free.

"I really must be going now," she said. "Are you free next Tuesday? Maybe we could meet again. Nothing too heavy though, not yet."

"Fine by me," said Kevin and he kissed her once more and she picked up her bags. Kevin put his jacket on ready to meet his friend and walked with her from his flat to the main door.

"How did you get in," he said. "You never buzzed me on the intercom."

"A young couple came out as I came in," she said. "They let me in."

He nodded and kissed her once more and watched for a moment as she walked up the street and round the corner before heading off in the opposite direction to meet his friend.

After that brief encounter on the Saturday afternoon, Paula and Kevin started to see each other on a regular basis two or three times a week, usually for a meal or a quiet drink, and on their own without Sharon. There were occasions on a Friday or Saturday night when they would end up back at Kevin's flat and Paula would spend the night with him before heading back to her own home in the morning. Christmas and New Year were spent apart as Paula and her family had already arranged to go and spend the holiday season in Canada with her mum's brother and his family. When the Spring came round, they also started to go out on day trips together as the weather improved and even managed a weekend away at the seaside.

One Bank Holiday Monday at the start of May, they were in Kevin's flat after spending the day at a local beauty spot. Paula was doing a bit of dusting and tidying a few things away. It was a passion of hers; she didn't like to see things looking untidy, even though it wasn't her own home. She opened a drawer to put some letters away and found the old cigarette packet inside it. She pulled it out and saw the number of the phone box written on it above her own number.

"Kevin, you know that phone box over the road?" she shouted to Kevin, who was in the kitchen area washing up, "Do you still ring it?"

"No," he shouted back. "Why do you ask?"

"I found the cigarette box with the number on it in the drawer," she said. "I just wondered."

Kevin came back through into the lounge wiping his hands on a towel.

"I haven't needed to since I met you!" He said, giving her a peck on the cheek.

"So you've never looked out of the window and seen a nice young lady and thought, 'I know, I'll ring her and chat her up a bit and see if she'll go out with me'?" Paula said with a smile on her face. "After all, you can see the phone box from here you know!" 

She was now standing looking out of the window. Of course Kevin knew, after all he had spotted Paula and her friend Sharon from that very window all those months ago. He had also confessed to Paula when they started going out that the original story about Sarah was all made up on the spur of the moment but far from being angry, she had actually found it quite amusing and original.

"Can you?" said Kevin casually and he joined her by the window. His hands were still damp and he playfully brushed them under her jumper. The contact with her bare skin made her jump and she flapped at him with the duster.

"You know damn well you can!" she said. "There's someone standing near it now."

Kevin stood with his arm around her waist looking in the direction of the phone box. Standing near it was a lady who looked to be in her late forties or early fifties. She was wearing a long grey coat with a fur collar and a blue head scarf. Although it was early May, there had been a chilly wind so she didn't particularly look out of place. She kept checking her watch and then looking up the street. It was pretty obvious that she was waiting for a bus.

"Ring her up!" said Paula. "Go on, just for a laugh. Go on, give her a ring!"

"Then what?" said Kevin. "Invite her round for a cup of coffee?"

"You could do," said Paula. "I quite fancy another threesome!"

Kevin looked at her in amazement.

"Paula Flint!" he exclaimed. "What did you just say? I thought you didn't like threesomes."

"I never said that," said Paula, "I said I didn't want to do it with my friend Sharon again. I don't see her in that way, but with a total stranger occasionally, well, that's different." 

Kevin could feel his prick rising under his trousers at the thought of it. He had had sex with Paula a couple of times since their original meeting but the confession that she was willing to do it with a third party present again was something else. Besides, he quite fancied an older lady himself. He took the cigarette packet from Paula and carefully dialled the number - 271860.

The pair of them watched from the window as Delia Fairfax-Preston looked at the phone box, then looked back up the street, and then walked towards the phone kiosk and pulled the door open. They couldn't actually see her lift the receiver but her voice came on the line in a clear cut eloquent tone.

"Hello," she said. "Who's calling please?"

"It's Kev," said Kevin, deciding to use his real name this time. "Is that you Sarah?"

Delia laughed a deep throaty laugh.

"I rather think that you have dialled the wrong number," she said chuckling. "You do realise that you've called a public telephone kiosk in Westwood City Centre?"

"A phone box?" said Kevin in surprise. "Are you sure? Let me check the phone number I've got written down here. Is that Westwood 271860?"

Delia lady checked the number in the centre of the dial and read it back slowly.

"2-7-1-8-6-0. Yes, that's quite correct, but you've called a public telephone kiosk in Queen Street, Westwood. Somebody is obviously having a joke at your expense," she chuckled.

"Well that's strange," said Kevin, trying to sound disappointed. "You see, she's my cousin, and she's just moved in to a new house and this is the number that she's given me."

"Perhaps you've written it down wrongly," said Delia. "You know, transposed a couple of numbers or something similar. I've done that myself before now."

"I might have," said Kevin. "I'll have to ring my auntie and see if she has the correct number. I'd better let you go I suppose. Were you about to make a call somewhere?"

"No," said Delia. "I was actually waiting for a number twelve bus to Granby Avenue, but they don't seem to be running tonight. There should have been one ten minutes ago, but it hasn't come yet."

"No, it's a Bank Holiday today, it will be a Sunday Service," said Kevin. I think they only run every hour."

"Oh blast, I forgot," said Delia. "That means that there won't be one until five to eight which is over half an hour away so I'm going to have to hang around until it comes. The trouble is, there's nowhere around here to wait and it's getting dark."

"You could always come round to mine and have a coffee," said Kevin, giving Paula a sly wink. "You'll be quite safe. I don't live too far away and my girlfriend is here too."

"Well I don't know, I mean that's very kind of you," Delia said. "I could do with a drink. I haven't had one for ages. All right then, thank you. Where do you live?"

"I tell you what," said Kevin. "Give us a few minutes and we'll come and meet you."

Even though he had seen Delia waiting outside the phone kiosk, he asked her to give a quick description of herself so that it did not look too suspicious when they met, then hung up the phone. He and Paula then put their coats on ready to meet her, but before they left he quickly went into the lounge and bedroom and drew the window blinds obscuring the view onto the main street and switched on a small table lamp and the main lounge lights. They left by the main entrance out into the side street on the opposite side of the building instead of using the back entrance which led out onto the main street where they might possibly be seen by her.

Once they had met and the pleasantries had been exchanged, they all walked back to the flat by the same route. When they were inside, Delia took off her headscarf and folded it neatly before putting it in her handbag, then unfastened and took off her coat. She gave them to Kevin, who laid them over a dining chair, then she went and sat on the right hand side of the sofa and Paula went and sat next to her.

Delia was quite an attractive looking lady. Her fair collar length hair, which was beginning to show a few streaks of grey, was cut in a page boy style with a fringe and curled inwards slightly. She had blue eyes and a smooth complexion and wore a deep red velvet long sleeved knee length dress, dark hosiery and black strappy sandals with a two inch heel. 

"Right," said Kevin when the ladies were settled. "What would you like Delia, tea, coffee, or perhaps something a little stronger. We have some Apricot Brandy somewhere."

Kevin had a friend who was a coach driver and frequently brought back wine and spirits from Europe. He had been to Austria over the Easter holiday and had brought back a large bottle of the brandy. It was very sweet and syrupy but also had quite a kick to it. The ladies both settled for the brandy and Kevin poured a generous measure of the orange liquid into a large wine glass for each of them and himself. With the drinks dispensed, he sat down in the armchair opposite and watched as Delia took a large sip. When she swallowed, it touched the back of her throat making her cough and splutter. Paula laughed and patted her on the back.

"Are you okay?" she said when Delia eventually regained her composure. "It did that to me the first time I tasted it."

"Well it certainly hits the spot, I'll say!" said Delia, who was now quite red in the face. "Phew! It's very warming though; I can feel it going right down."

She took another sip from the glass and swallowed it more slowly, this time without any problems.

"So, do you two live together?" she said looking first at Paula, then across at Kevin.

"No," said Kevin. "It's my flat. I usually live here on my own, but Paula stays the night sometimes."

"You keep it very tidy for a man!" said Delia looking round. "Or do you have to tidy up after him?" she said looking at Paula and giving her a friendly nudge.

"Sometimes, I'll do a bit of dusting or something like that, but he's quite housetrained," said Paula with a grin.

"How old are you, if you don't mind me asking?" said Delia.

"I'm twenty in a fortnight," said Paula, "And Kevin will be twenty four in August."

"What do you two do for a living?" Delia's questions were coming thick and fast.

"I work for a building society," said Paula.

"And I work for the local bus company," said Kevin.

"Ah, so that's how you knew that the number twelve was running a Sunday service today. I see!" There was a slight pause. "So how did you two meet?" Delia continued her interrogation.

Both of them went quiet for a moment then Paula spoke.

"I was waiting for a bus with my friend when he just came along and started chatting," she said. We just seemed to hit it off from there, really."

"So how long have you been together," Delia asked, taking another slow sip of her drink.

"About six months now," said Paula.

"Well you seem very well suited to each other," said Delia. "I hope you'll be very happy together."

The conversation then moved on to Delia. She was quite a chatty person and the more she spoke, the more that Paula and Kevin were becoming attracted to her. She appeared to be quite wealthy, and her husband was a first officer for an airline company and often flew aircraft on short haul flights to various parts of Europe. On that particular day, he was on a flight to Venice, but due to foggy conditions in Italy his flight had been delayed until the next day and he was having to spend the night there. She had three grown up children, all boys and all married, and two granddaughters with another grandchild on the way, and she worked as a secretary at a primary school in the city near to where she lived. In spite of her husband's wealth, she had never learned to drive and travelled everywhere on the bus when her husband was working. She'd been to have tea with an elderly friend when the pair had intercepted her.

It was after Kevin had topped up her glass for the third time that Paula decided to up the ante. Delia seemed quite relaxed and was babbling on about nothing in particular. The Apricot Brandy had 30% volume alcohol strength and her speech was becoming a little slurred as she had drunk half as much again as the others.

"That's a nice dress, you're wearing," said Paula and she put her right hand on Delia's left leg and rubbed it over the material. "It must have been quite expensive."

"Oh, I wouldn't know," said Delia, "Clive, my husband bought it for me a few years ago when we were on holiday in Nice."

"It's very soft and supple," said Paula, turning towards her and running her left hand gently up over the front of the material. "I wish I had a dress like this."

She let her hand continue wandering upwards until she reached Delia's breasts and rubbed her hand across the front of each one in turn.

"I say, old girl, steady on there!" said Delia clutching the wine glass in her right hand and trying to fend off Paula's hand with the other. "You're a bit forward there!" She took another large sip and put the glass down on the table next to where she was sitting.

"Sorry," said Paula, withdrawing her hand for a moment. "I got a bit carried away."

Delia smoothed a few creases out of her dress and then looked at Paula for a moment without saying anything. She was eyeing up Paula's jumper and skirt; her jumper was a russet coloured turtleneck with a ribbed collar and cuffs, while the skirt was brown and pleated and just rested over her knee. She wore no hosiery, just a pair of white strappy low heel sandals.
