 It had been a rough day at school and this martini was going to help a lot. In fact, there might be a second one to help me along.

I am a second year med. student and the classes are getting tougher and the days longer. When the pressure gets a little too much a retreat to this bar in a nearby hotel gives me some temporary relief. The service is great and the bartender a fountain of sports knowledge. It is fascinating to hear him take bets from the patrons as to the stats. of almost every major league ball player.

Tonight I was at the end of the bar with a guy on each side of me. The one on my left was with a gal but the one on my right was alone. Jim and I made the usual handshake introductions and struck up a conversation about a million things. When he heard I was a medical student his interest seemed to become more intense.

It turned out his wife gets turned by a doctor during her medical examinations. I asked a ton more questions about this and it seems as if she goes to a few doctors and gets examined by each of them. None of them know about the others performing the identical exams. It struck me as funny and I couldn't keep myself from laughing.

"Chuck, it's not funny. She really gets turned on and the sex I have with her afterwards is phenomenal. She can't control herself."

I told him I had never heard of anything like it but everyone to his or her own taste. His only complaint was that he had to pay for a couple of the exams out of his own pocket since the insurance company wouldn't go for multiple exams every couple of months.

"Say Chuck, do you have a stethoscope, rubber gloves and a white lab coat?" he asked.

"Matter of fact I do. Why do you ask."

"Well, I was wondering if you would be interested in giving my wife an exam. They normally cost about $125 from a doctor and I would be willing to give you about $50 you could use to help out with your costs of school."

"What would I have to do?"

"Well, examine her eyes, nose and throat. Then listen to her chest and then finally down to her private parts and give her vagina and anus a close exam. She will strip nude and I could have her put on a robe as she comes into our den. There is a recliner there you could use for an examining table."

""Sounds to me as if you have given this some thought before just now."

"Matter of fact I have. If you like it you might even reduce your fee for any future exams."

"Let's drink up and go do some doctoring."

I followed him in my car and it was about a thirty- minute drive from the downtown area. His house was the typical suburban rancher in a nice neighborhood. He must have called her on his cell phone for she was standing at the door waiting for us. Sure enough she had on a bathrobe.

What he didn't tell me was she must have weighed close to two hundred pounds ...one huge woman.

"Hi Chuck, I'm Lois."

"Hi Lois, Jim tells me you need a complete examination. Is that right?"

"Oh yes, I need to be looked at from head to toe."

Jim was coming up the walk from the garage as Lois and I were chatting and he invited me in. There was little or no foreplay and we went right to the den. I had my lab coat and stethoscope with me and quickly donned the coat and hung the steth around my neck as all good doctors do and I was ready to go to work. When Jim had told me about this at the bar for some reason I had pictured a nice shapely gal I would be looking at. I never dreamed his wife would be so humongous.

There wasn't a moment wasted. Instead of sitting on the recliner I had her sit on a hard chair while I looked at her eyes, nose and throat. She instantly had the robe hanging open with her droopy tits and black bush easily visible. I then had her stand so I could use the steth on her back and then turn so I could listen to her heart. As the steth touched her chest I could hear a major inhalation of her breath. This was turning her on. 

"Lois, I would like for you to sit on the recliner and slide your butt close to the edge so I can give your vagina a very close examination." That was all it took. She was off the hard chair and was on the recliner before I even got the words out of my mouth. I made some silly movements with my hands on her abdomen acting as if I was feeling for her appendix and then moved down to look at her vagina. She had a huge black bush that I had to part to even get near her pussy lips. Now she was breathing really hard.

I had pulled on a pair of rubber gloves before I started and I was sure glad I had. She was so aroused the juices were starting to pour out of her. As I parted her pussy lips I was amazed she was so tight. She obviously hadn't borne any children and it was almost as if she were a virgin.

"Jim, please get me a flashlight. I am going to need to examine Lois close up."

"OK Doc. I'll be right back."

I had the light shining as deep inside of her as I could manage it and I thought I would give her another thrill and folded my fingers tent fashion and began to penetrate her pussy with them.

"Lois, I don't know if you have had a deep vagina exam in a while but I will be using my fingers to open you up so I can see deep inside of you."

"Oh no doctor, it has been a long time since I was examined so deeply. Please give me a thorough exam." 

The more I looked at her the more I was simply amazed at how tight she was. My twenty five-year-old girlfriend's pussy was far more open than the one I was looking at.

I stayed like that for a few minutes probing and looking and was really using my fingers to thrust in and out and really give her a thrill. By then she was squirming her ass all around the chair.

I looked over at Jim and saw he had his cock out and was jacking off while watching me. It was soon obvious why his wife's pussy wasn't open any more than it was. Jim's dick couldn't have been more than four inches long and was the thickness of a hot dog. It was surprising Lois could even feel it in her ... maybe she couldn't and thus the reason for all of the medical exams.

I slid my hand out and announced that everything looked just fine down there and I would now need to have her turn over to examine her anus. I thought it would be best if she could kneel up on the desk so I could get a better view of it. She looked at me sort of funny but quickly climbed up on the mahogany desk. As she was climbing up she 'accidentally' let her hand trail over my crotch. As big as she was I was getting a hard on just being this close to a tight pussy.

It was time to replace my gloves, which I did before I proceeded with the exam of her ass. 

"Jim, would you happen to have a jar of Vaseline handy?"

He was back in a flash with one and I smeared a gob on my fingers and then proceeded to insert them in her rectum. That was all she needed. She let herself fall forward and was then face down on the desk with her ass sticking up.

"Ooops doctor, that sort of surprised me. Sorry." She was now breathing faster than she had since I came into the house. I put my stethoscope back on and listed to her heart again to make sure the gal wasn't going to collapse on me with high blood pressure. It hadn't increased too much so I continued with the exam. I was able to get a couple of fingers buried to the knuckles in her ass and then moved them in and out and could hear her moaning and groaning and by now the juices were actually dripping out of her pussy. It was obvious Jim had fucked her ass before.

"OK folks. Lois, you have just had a huge orgasm and Jim you will have one in a few more strokes. Which of you is going to take care of me?" 

Lois's eyes opened wide for she must have felt the beginnings of my hard on as she trailed her hand across it earlier. I reached down and opened my fly and let my half-hard cock out for air.

"Jim, look at the size of his dick." Lois shrieked. "I'd love to have that inside of me."

"No man is going to fuck you other than me." He said rather sternly.

"Well Jim, how about if she just gives me a blow job?"

"No, I was her first man and I will be her last." He answered severely.

I went up face to face with him and said, "Well, big shot. It will be up to you to give me the relief I need. Get on your knees and open your mouth."

Lois chimed in with, "Jim, I would love to see you suck him off. Go ahead. Afterwards we can fuck ourselves silly."

"Jim, one of the two of you is going to make me come and I don't care which of you it is. But Jim, I know if you don't decide pretty damn fast I am going to slap the shit out of you."

Jim was looking down at my now soft cock. I have about eight inches hard but it sure shrivels up when it deflates.

"Go ahead Jim, take it in your hand and get it hard. I'll come fast if you do it right." I ordered. "Let's go over nearer Lois so she can see it happening."

"Yes Jim, I would love to see it."

"I'm not gay. Why should I do that?"

"No problem." I said as I turned and took Lois's hand and let it grab my cock. It was if she had been waiting for just that for she instantly had her fingers wrapped around it and was squeezing it ever so softly. It started to rise to the occasion with just that little bit of encouragement.

"NO, STOP, I'll do it." He hollered.

"Well, you can strip for I would hate to shoot my come all over you although I am expecting you to let me shoot in your mouth." I demanded. I really wanted his clothes off since I was planning to stick my cock up his virgin ass about half way through the BJ.

I leaned against the edge of the desk as he dropped to his knees in front of me. He had his fingers wrapped wound the base of my cock and he was sliding my foreskin back so he could get the ruby red head uncovered for his mouth to work on. By then I was rock hard and Lois was going nuts. 

"Jim, look at how big he is. Oh my, I would love to feel that inside of me. Please Jim. He'll be the only one ever."

"Hush, I am going to take care of him. You can just watch." He mumbled.

I put one hand behind his head and pulled him to my waiting cock. His mouth was open and he soon had his tongue working hard around the head of it.

"Lois, I'll let you suck on me after he does. OK?"

He pulled back to say, "Oh no. If I do this for you, you can just leave her alone."

"Oh Jim, don't be suck a prissy thing. If your wife wants to have me put my cock in her pussy why would you object? We would be the only ones who would know it happened."

Lois was squirming with the thought of it and said, "Jim, listen to him. You have always known I would love to have a big cock in me one time. Why can't it be right now?"

"Jim, hold on for a minute. Don't put my cock in your mouth yet. Lois, sit up on the desk alongside of me."

She was up there alongside of me in a flash. Her droopy tits were hanging loose and she had her fingers working her clit fast and furious. 

"Jim, slide away from between my legs for a minute or two. I am going to slip this thing into her pussy for just a minute. You can then take it in your mouth to suck me off. C'mon, it will give her the thrill she so desperately wants."

He didn't quite know what to do as I pushed him aside and stood before her with my cock positioned in front of her waiting pussy. I reached out and took her flabby hips and pulled myself to her. Her pussy was tighter than any I ever had. She shrieked as I hit bottom and then gave her a few long deep thrusts. As I expected she had an instant orgasm and was squealing like a banshee. "Oh Chuck, that felt terrific."

I pulled out and turned to Jim saying, "Now you can taste Lois as you are sucking me off."

"You SOB, I told you I didn't want anyone else to ever fuck my wife."

"Aw shit Jim, I didn't fuck her. I just put my cock in her just before she was going to have an orgasm anyway. Now quit bitching and get back to what you were doing."

Lois looked at me behind his back and gave me a big wink and mouthed 'Thank you'. She was one happy camper. No problem as I reached over with one hand and played with her clit as Jim was working my cock fast and furious. I looked down and could see he had a hard on if that's what you could call it. As I said before, it was barely four inches long and no thicker than a hot dog. He was using the fingers of one hand to jack it as he was sucking on me.

He was bobbing big time as I reached over and grabbed the jar of Vaseline he had left on the desk from when I used it to put my fingers up her ass in my 'examination'. I pushed him away and told him to stand and lean over the desk face down. As he was doing this I smeared a gob of the Vaseline on the already greased condom and turned behind him with it positioned directly in front of his puckered ass.

"What the hell are you doing?" he asked.

"Why, I'm getting ready to fuck your tight little ass. You know you want me to do it so don't act like you don't"

"What are you talking about? " He was stuttering but couldn't take his eyes off my throbbing cock.

Lois jumped in with, "Jim, I would love to see you take some of that cock up your ass. It would turn me on so much. Please don't argue with Chuck."

Just then I pushed forward and the head of my steel hard cock slipped an inch up his ass and it was as if he had been hit with an electric probe. He threw himself up to a standing position even though I was pushing him back down and screamed, "You are tearing me apart."

"Oh shut the fuck up and take it like a man." I joked.

He instantly quieted down and I continued my pressure. Slowly but surely I worked it all the way in and by the time I was buried to the hilt he was throwing it back at me. I knew I had read him correctly. He wanted it up his ass from the first time he laid eyes on it.

He was now moaning big time and I finally heard him say, "Yes, fuck me Chuck. Fuck me."

Lois heard that and yelled, "You heard him Chuck. Fuck him hard. He wants you all the way in him."

Well, I was already all the way in him and began a long slow but deep fucking of Jim's virgin ass. I could feel his hands reach behind my thighs to pull me ever deeper and I said, "Lois, reach around in front of him and jack him off as I am taking care of his ass."

She was on her knees to get closer to his cock as she reached up with one hand started to stroke her husband. All of a sudden I felt someone caressing my balls and it was Lois. She looked up at me and once again winked. She had both of her hands busy; one jacking her husband and the other caressing the balls of the guy who was fucking her husband's ass. She was in her glory.

I was getting that warm familiar feeling deep inside of me and stopped thrusting for a minute and asked. "Where do you want me to come. Up your ass or should I pull out and stroke myself to come in your mouth or shall I just let it fly all over your back?"

It was Jim who answered. "Shoot that huge load of yours deep in my ass. I can suck you off another time."

As he ordered I began shooting a few long hot streams of my juice deep in his ruby red ass. I was still holding his hips and pulled him back at me much much harder as I was letting go.

"Damn, I can feel you coming." Jim announced.

As the last drop finished filling his ass I let it slip out and gave him a little slap on the ass as I pulled away from him. Just then Lois had brought him to his orgasm and he was shooting all over the side of the desk. She maneuvered her face in front of him and caught a lot of it in her puffy little mouth. 

"Lois, get me a hot wet wash cloth and a towel. I want to clean up a little." 

When she returned we all sat there around the den and talked about what had just happened. Lois was in heaven. She had her 'examination' had a big cock rammed in her pussy and had gotten to see her hubby give a blow job and get his ass fucked by the same guy who had rammed her.

I was sitting on the floor in front of the recliner, she was sitting on the recliner and Jim was over at the desk and sitting on the desk chair when I told him that I wanted him over near me. He dropped to the floor and sort of scooted over closer.

"Jim, I want you to give me the blow job you started to give me earlier. This time I want you to have me come in your mouth and I expect you to swallow my come. Do you have any problems with any of that?"

"No Chuck, I really want to do it. I was expecting to do it when you changed things around before."

"Well, get on your hands and knees between my legs, get my cock hard again and let's see if you can give me the pleasure I want."

He reached up and slid the foreskin back on my cock and then leaned forward and started to use his tongue on the head of my cock. They guy was doing great.

"Very good Jim, now you can start to take as much of it in your mouth as you can without gagging."

I instantly felt the warmth of his mouth encircle my steel hard cock. He still had his hand holding the base of it and now had the head of it and a few inches buried between his lips. This guy is going to learn to be one great cocksucker.

"Jim, act as if you are bobbing for apples and let my cock slide in and out of your mouth as you are doing it. You can let your hand slide up and down my shaft as your mouth is moving to help me along."

He took my instructions perfectly. I felt Lois moving behind me and when I turned my head to see what was going on back there I could see she had her fingers buried in her pussy and was finger fucking herself like crazy. Her head was leaning back on the recliner and she was biting her lips with the passion she was giving herself. Her head was being tossed from side to side with her long hair flailing around her. She wasn't far from a huge orgasm.

Jim had slowed down a bit but it was because he was making every attempt to get as much of my cock in his mouth as he could. The head of it was perfectly positioned to unload directly down his throat. He put his other hand on my balls and was massaging them ever so lightly as he started a low but very deep thrusting on my cock. He was letting it fuck his mouth and his hand was jacking it off as he was doing it. I could soon feel the warmth start deep within me and he must have felt me getting even more aroused for he started to move his head faster and faster. That was all it took and I was shooting stream after stream directly down his throat.

"Suck me dry Jim. Lap up every drop."

Right then we heard a low scream from Lois. She had brought herself to orgasm and was till finger fucking herself as fast as I had ever seen done.

"Jim, why don't you climb up here and lick up Lois's juices now that she has unloaded."

He still had my cock in his mouth and moved his head from side to side telling me NO. He was happy right where he was.

It took my cock a little while to soften completely and Jim stayed right with it until it slipped out of his mouth.

I spoke up asking Lois if they had any wine and if so I would love a glass. Hearing my question Jim jumped up and disappeared into the kitchen and soon returned with a bottle of both red and white and three glasses.

We sat there sipping our wine with Jim having one hand on my cock. It was as if he didn't want to let it go.

I asked, "Is this something you guys would like to do more often than once in a while?"

Lois answered quickly, "Chuck, I could do it every night."

Whoa, that wasn't about to happen. At least not with me.

"Jim, what do you think? Remember, you owe me $50 for tonight."

"WHAT?" Lois screamed. You mean we have to pay you for sex."

"Well Lois, Jim told me that if I came over and gave you the type of examination you get when you doctor shop he would be happy to give me about half as much as a doctor charges him for the same thing. I think you both got a lot more for your money than a simple examination. Don't you?" 

She lowered her head and mumbled, "I guess so."
