 Randi had been coming to the Trane Station for months. Some friends had suggested it, for that she was glad, but even they hadn’t taken to the place the way she had. She enjoyed the music, always the music, the people she came to know, there were some characters who hung around this place, and she ate dinner there occasionally, even though the food wasn’t exactly great. 

Randi had met Trane a week or so after she became something of a regular. They had talked and laughed. She liked him. Above all else, she had told her friends, Trane is a good listener. She thought it amazing what he remembers about people. 

One thing Trane remembered about Randi that embarrassed her when he mentioned it was the fantasy she had told him she had. She’d had too much to drink one night and spoke a little too openly. But even a week later, Trane remembered. 

“Randi,” he’d said last night, “There’s a party coming up downtown at a private room in the Peabody. It sounds like the kind of party that could very well fit your special fantasy.” He paused then and just smiled before asking, “Would you like to go?” 

Randi knew she blushed and took too long to answer. 

“Will you be going, too?” she asked finally. 

“Yes,” he smiled into her eyes, “But only as your escort. The night, the party, the experience, whatever it becomes, is all yours. I’ll get you there, but then you’re on your own.” 

Randi sipped at her beer to stall for time. 

“And you’re sure it will be a safe party?” she asked, knowing he knew what her question meant. 

“I guarantee it,” he smiled evenly, “In fact, once I get you there, the only thing I’ll do from then on out is to make sure you are safe. I’ll be your bodyguard, of sorts.” 

The thought of Trane being her bodyguard got a laugh from both of them. 

“Okay,” she said through her laugh, “Let’s do it.” 

Trane only smiled when he responded, “No, it’s you who is gonna do it. Tomorrow night then, Saturday night. 10:00 p.m. Meet me here and I’ll drive us there, okay?” 

Randi only nodded, yes. She was already wondering what she would wear or not wear. 

The night came and Randi found herself in Trane’s jeep driving down Union Avenue to the Peabody Hotel. The valet looked Trane’s muddy jeep over twice before carefully climbing inside to park it. The elevator ride to the 8th floor was in the same elevator that ducks rode down from the roof everyday to play in the lobby fountain. Her mind was racing, flying with her sense of anticipation. 

Trane talked with her softly all the while, putting her as much at ease as she could be. When they walked into the private room he seemed comfortable, as if he knew everyone, which he did, she soon discovered. He walked her around the room, introducing her to everyone, but he did it without rushing or pushing. His jeans and black suit coat contrasted with the business suits and tailored menswear. No one but him was wearing a black t-shirt. His longish, graying brown hair contrasted with the clean-cut majority. But Trane didn’t seem to notice or care. 

Randi felt eyes follow her around the room. The simple black sheath dress hugged her body revealing no lines underneath. That’s because, Randi chuckled to herself, there was nothing under the dress to make lines, just her favorite thigh-high black stockings. Her shoulder length hair was worn comfortably, contrasting, much like Trane, with some of the carefully done hair in the room. Still yet, Randi liked these people. They were successful people from Memphis and the surrounding area. Both the men and the women all had something about them she liked. They were warm in meeting her, interested in her, they listened to her and asked good questions while answering the questions she asked of them. 

The night moved comfortably. The music played from a good sound system, Trane’s selection of new jazz, she was told. There was an open bar along the wall. A large table with food along another wall. Couches and stuffed chairs cluttered the other side of the room. 

Randi guessed there to be twenty or so people at the party. It amused her that it wasn’t easy to determine who had come with whom. They all mingled easily, spending time with someone and then moving on, seemingly enjoying each other’s company. 

In the middle of the room couples were dancing. Randi watched them for a while before a man came up to her and politely invited her to join him. She found herself having fun, really having fun. The people around her on the dance floor talked with her, drawing her into their conversations easily and openly. 

The music was between songs when a large antique father clock struck midnight. She stood amongst a collection of people on the dance floor, waiting, she thought, for the music to continue. Almost out of nowhere Trane was behind her. He leaned into her and kissed her on the neck, a gentle peck. 

“Having fun?” he asked. 

She turned her head to him and smiled. “Yes,” she told him. 

From behind, he kissed her on the cheek and began to ease the zipper down the back of her dress. The shivers it sent up her spine were like nothing she’d ever felt. With the zipper down all the way, Trane eased her dress off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Randi stood suddenly naked among her new friends. 

Trane leaned into her and kiss her cheek again. “Have fun,” he whispered, and then moved away. 

Randi was alone in the middle of the floor for only a moment. A woman whose name she didn’t remember stepped to her from behind and kissed her neck as Trane had done. The woman’s hands came around her and cupped each of her full breasts. Randi watched as two men moved to her sides and leaned over to run their tongues around her nipples offered them by the woman behind her. It was all happening so fast, she said to herself, but so perfectly. A man moved to kneel in front of her, pushing his face into her pubic hair for a kiss. Randi spread her feet wider apart and felt his tongue snake between her legs to her clit. Randi saw people all over the room pulling their clothes off and tossing them to the side. She saw Trane standing by the bar with a drink in his hand. Their eyes connected and they both smiled. Then Randi closed her eyes and drifted completely into the moment. 

She felt herself being taken by the room, by all the people. Someone had moved a hand to her face, a woman’s hand, she thought, the fingers from the hand tasted of a woman. Randi licked and sucked the fingers hoping she was doing a good enough job. 

The man kneeling in front of her had a finger inside her now while he licked circles around her clit. The two men beside her had both begun sucking her nipples. The woman behind her was running a finger down the crack of her ass toward her anus. Randi felt her hands being gently drawn to hard cocks beside her. She grasped each of them and began to stroke them, milk them. 

As if by magic or perhaps as in a dream, she felt herself being lifted. She was moved across the floor being held by men all around her. Her eyes open now, she saw the faces in the room watching her, all of them naked, waiting. 

They brought her to a coffee table and gently put her down on her back. She looked around at the men and women standing around her. They watched her, took in her body, her passion, her lust. 

A woman moved from above her and leaned over her to begin licking her breasts. Randi did the same to the women since breasts and hard nipples were only inches from her face. Her hands were placed on two cocks again. Her legs lifted for her and spread. She felt a cock nuzzle her wet pussy and push inside. She raised her hips to receive it but she didn’t need to. The strange cock pushed inside her completely and began to stroke her, to fuck her. 

The woman at her breast slowly moved away from her only to begin crawling up onto the table with Randi. Before she got positioned Randi looked to see the men standing around her stroking themselves. Some of the women had their hands between their legs or on their breasts. She looked down to see the man who was inside her. His name didn’t matter to her at all. 

The woman straddled Randi’s face and eased her pussy down to her. Randi stuck out her tongue and began to lick anything she could as the woman began to move her hips, fucking herself with Randi’s face and tongue. 

Randi felt a splatter of cum hit her belly. It was from someone beside her. Too soon, she told herself. But almost immediately the man inside her pussy spasmed and pushed, spitting his load deep inside her. The woman on her face leaned forward to lick Randi’s cum filled pussy as the man withdrew from her. 

Randi’s first orgasm rippled over her body as the woman found her clit. 

She was still shivering in her orgasm, the woman pulling hard on her clit, when she felt her legs being lifted higher. Fingers moved over her cum filled pussy and moved wetness down to her anus. Two fingers entered her, preparing her she knew, then they were gone only to be replaced by the tip of someone’s cock. The head of the cock pushed inside her ass. She felt her tight muscles slip over the crest of the head. 

The woman on top of her seemed to consume Randi’s pussy as the cock slide deep insider her ass. Hands from somewhere lifted the woman’s hips from Randi’s face giving enough room for a cock to be offered her mouth. Randi took it greedily and began to suck it. 

Randi came again, quick for a second time, when the woman pushed two fingers into her pussy. The fingers in her pussy mixed with the cock fucking her ass was too much to hold back from. She had no idea if the cock in her ass came inside her. She thinks it did from the hot feel in her bowels, but nevertheless it withdrew from her. 

She felt herself being lifted again, carried to a sofa along the wall. A man was waiting there, sitting, his cock hard and pointing upward. They let her stand and crawl up onto him by her own power. His cock slide inside her pussy easily and she began to fuck him, to fuck herself with his cock. 

Behind her fingers again found her ass, wet with cum already this time. The fingers didn’t linger, they moved to her hips to hold her still while the tip of a cock pushed insider her ass, filling her alongside the cock in her pussy. Randi leaned into the man beneath her and let them fuck her together. 

Her head lay on the shoulder of her lover and she opened her eyes to look around the room. Couples were everywhere in various states of love making. Everyone except Trane. He stood beside the bar watching her. Her bodyguard, she remembered. He raised his glass in a salute of sorts and smiled to her. She smiled back as she felt both men come inside her at once. The feeling of it, she told herself, as she closed her eyes and ground herself down on the man in her pussy, making herself cum again for good measure. 

The man withdrew from her ass, she never saw his face, and the man in her pussy softened and feel from her too. She kissed him then as thanks. A woman moved onto the couch beside her and kissed her ear. The woman’s tongue moved from her ear, down her neck, across her back, down her ass, until finally she had her face buried between Randi’s spread legs. Randi felt the tongue and lips gathering the cum from her pussy and ass as she pushed her tongue into the man’s mouth. 

Somehow the night ended. It ended by becoming morning, actually. 

Randi sat quietly in Trane’s jeep as they drove east into the sun. 

“You care for some breakfast?” he asked. 

“Sure,” was all she said.