 CHAPTER 1. "PARADISE"

M/F, F/F and a whole lot more

-*- Monday, June 4, 2018 -*-

It was difficult to believe that this day was finally at hand, but the girls would be here in just a few hours! This past week was devoted to getting everything on the island ready for the six young ladies who would spend the upcoming six weeks here with me. I worked 20 hours per day getting the mansion ready, installing all the wiring and video equipment, and finally stocking the supplies for the six women and yours truly with plenty left over to spare for an emergency. The supply boat would only come once a week from the mainland, so if there was a massive storm or natural disaster, we could potentially be stranded. With the reserves in place, however, we would not be stranded without an ample amount of food and other necessities to easily tide us through. Now, knock on wood, everything on the island was set to go.

Soon, it would be time to take the big boat to the mainland and pick the ladies up at the airport. I could hardly wait!

With their detailed biographies and several photographs archived on my computer server, I decided to take one final look at the collection of women before departing. They had been screened and interviewed extensively for what would happen over the upcoming six weeks. I did my best to get a nice variety of different looks and personalities. At the same time, of course, my goal was for the girls to be compatible with not only me, but each other as well. Their individual profiles were a marvelous sight to behold on the computer.

All six of these women were chosen with the highest regard to physical appearance, brains and temperament. A great deal of time and money had been invested into this. A whole year of preparations were at stake, beginning with the thousands of flyers posted in health clubs and universities across North America, as well as an aggressive social media campaign, offering six weeks of relaxation and fun on the tropical island that I called home, and a cool, whopping payment of $100,000 (USD) at the end. One of these six women would receive something even more lucrative - $500,000 (USD).

The inquiries flooded in and then the applications. Going over them resulted in three-fourths being promptly rejected, but then it got much tougher. Requests for additional information, including photographs, were sent out and as a result, some of the applicants replied. The list was pared once again and then from there, the finalists were chosen subject to comprehensive background searches and, much more importantly, one-on-one video conference interviews. From those 20 finalists, the super six were eventually chosen. Perhaps not surprisingly, those decisions rank as some of the hardest that I have ever had to make in my life.

Who were these ladies? They ranged in age from 18 to 30, and all of them were bi-sexual or, at the very least, overly curious concerning other women. It was a requirement for acceptance. Obviously, it turned a lot of potentials away, but those were the only type of ladies that I was interested in bringing to the island. As for who each of them were...

A glorious, sexy melange of Spanish and Asian heritage, Camille was a beguiling and magnetic 25-year-old who worked as a title processor for a real estate agency in the San Diego area. Camille had an incredible body, no doubt, but also the outgoing nature and friendly demeanor to match. Long, coal-black hair and dark, piercing eyes only added to her sensuous appeal. The luscious Latina still lived at home with her parents, but looked at these upcoming five weeks on the island as a way to branch out in life and explore new possibilities. I was happy to afford her that opportunity.

Trish was a marvelous, captivating young woman with lush brown eyes, long, yellow-blonde hair and the type of bright, pearly-white smile often seen in toothpaste advertisements. Trish's natural beauty was all-encompassing - from the toes on her feet all the way up through a 5-foot-4 frame of toned, busty flesh, to the very crown of her pretty head.

Trish was the only one from the group who did not reside in the United States. She was a born-and-bred Canadian who had spent all her life in and around Toronto. Trish was a physical fitness enthusiast who found work as an instructor at a health club in her hometown. This 30-year-old was full of the sweetness and sunshine that made everyone around her feel as if they had just met a new friend. Trish was the type of woman that good things always seemed to happen to, simply because she was such a warm-hearted, friendly person.

Trish's dream in life, aside from getting married and having a family, was to own a fitness center. Perhaps the money that I was paying her for spending these six weeks here would help make that dream a reality for her? Or maybe I would assist in helping Trish's ultimate dream come true? That being, of course, the aspiration of one day finding a husband and having children with him. Could that man be me?

A true, quintessential All-American girl, Devon was apple pie, soft blue eyes and warm summer nights on the front porch swing. The 27-year-old had a spellbinding face and shiny, long blonde hair, a taut, shapely figure, flawless skin and an upbeat, lively attitude. With these positive attributes, as well as a personable and gregarious nature, how could anyone not find a lady such as Devon appealing?

In fact, I got the impression during our initial telephone discussion - and nothing had changed my mind since - that Devon was a true, bona-fide princess. Her squealy voice and infectious personality had warmed my heart and made me feel good inside. Also during those same conversations, I concluded that there was a good, genuine quality about Devon. What exactly was genuine, I was not sure of just yet. But I had six whole weeks to find out...

The dancing queen of Baltimore, Pamela had made quite a nice living for herself in the fast-paced, frenzied world of adult entertainment. More specifically, Pamela (age 30) was a stripper. She certainly did not fit its usual stereotype, however. Pamela was perhaps the smartest, most intellectual person I had ever come across in my life. She was a proud, card-carrying member of Mensa and ranked very high on the Dean's List at the Maryland university which she attended. Pamela was using her earnings as an exotic dancer to make it through college, with the goal of one day becoming a teacher.

Age 30 as well, Amy was employed as both a waitress and bartender at a Cincinnati restaurant. A red-headed ravisher who was much more than just a pretty face (and fantastic body), the first thing people invariably noticed about Amy was her astonishing beauty. And why not? It was difficult to miss. A creamy-skinned seductress with emerald green eyes and all-natural 36d-25-36 measurements that were nicely packed onto her 5-foot-6 frame, Amy was the type of woman who got noticed everywhere she went simply because of her physical characteristics alone. An extremely flirtatious and aggressive individual, Amy welcomed (and craved) all the lustful attention that was continually heaped upon her.

But like everyone else, Amy had her list of shortcomings. She had been through a failed marriage and seemed to take immense pride in exuding a bad girl persona. In fact, Amy cheated on her ex-husband with four different guys in their first year of marriage, and then even more in the third, which brought about the downfall of their relationship. She seemed very gratified and proud of having those affairs, too.

Still, I got the feeling from our various conversations that Amy was a good and sincere person. No doubt, she had made some very misguided and wayward decisions in her life. But there was something about Amy which drew me to her, and piqued my interest. I believed that if she were to find the right man, Amy would finally settle down and turn out to be the ideal, picture-perfect (and faithful) wife. Could that elusive right man ultimately turn out to be yours truly?

Last but certainly not least was Lindsay, a deliriously beautiful 18-year-old who just graduated from high school three days ago. Lindsay was a total vision of loveliness who seemed entirely too sweet and innocent to get involved in a naughty project such as the one that I was presenting. Nevertheless, I gladly welcomed Lindsay, along with her very ripe and nubile 33b-21-32 figure, into my midst.

With long-flowing blonde hair, blue eyes and the face of a cosmetics model, Lindsay was the embodiment of everything that a cheerleader should be. She was the captain of the squad while attending high school in Ohio and, I am certain, brought a great deal of team spirit to the mix. I would also wager that Lindsay had invoked a lot of vivid fantasies and desires for others while shaking that little cheerleader ass of hers, too. No doubt, she would have for me! Oh... just the mere thought never fails to get my libido going.

All six of these women were bi-sexual, beautiful and unique, but in their own special way. My upcoming sabbatical with them promised some fireworks as the group of ladies began to compete for the grand payout of $500,000.

The catch, however, was that none of them knew what the criteria for winning the big prize was. I was not about to clue them in, either. All they knew and all they would be told was that six weeks from now, one of them would receive a cashier's check for $500,000. The remaining five would also receive a cashier's check, but for $100,000. The process for choosing who got the big payout would remain shrouded in mystery until the end. I felt as if this was the only way to go.

* * *

A brief 30 minutes after I had arrived at the airport on the mainland, the jetliner approached and touched down. I watched it taxi to the terminal building and stop 100 feet short. A few moments later, the plane rolled forward until it reached the gate. There were about 200 passengers aboard, but six of them belonged to me. My body started to tingle as droves of travelers began filing out into the airport gate. All the hard work, the preparation, the countless hours and restless nights over the past year for this one, exact moment... I could not believe that it was finally here!

It was quite easy to pick out which of the passengers were guests of mine. All I had to do was pay attention to the twitching of my cock - it had an excellent memory of all the photographs and profiles saved on the computer server back on the island. Fortunately for me, I had on a pair of casual, loose-fitting shorts!

As the travelers exited the airline, I held up a sign to let the six girls know that I was here to greet them. In two minutes, the whole group was standing around me in a semi- circle. They were even more beautiful in person!

"Welcome ladies," I announced to them. "My name is Jeremy and I'll be your host for the next six weeks. I will have your luggage taken to the boat and then we'll head for our island paradise retreat. Are there any questions?"

"How about we stop and get something to eat, eh? I do not know about everyone else, but I'm absolutely STARVING! All there was to eat on the plane was little snack boxes."

My mind flashed through the various profiles and their accompanying photographs, trying to put a name with the face. "Sure... Trish, isn't it?" Yes, Trish... I said to myself. I came to that conclusion not because I had placed her name with any of her photographs (or even the video conferences we have shared), but because of the ripe Canadian flavor in Trish's voice (the eh gave it away). "There is plenty of food and refreshments on the big boat," I added, my focus locked onto the beautiful, breathtaking blonde from Toronto. "You will have all you can eat there, and I promise it will be much more appetizing than your typical airline box snack."

Several of the girls laughed as Trish rubbed her flat, toned stomach with a hopeful expression on her enchanting face. She must have really been hungry, I told myself.

Wanting to soothe those pains, I quickly headed for the exit of the terminal building and the group followed in tow. I could tell that the ladies had already developed some friendships as they got to know one another on the excessively long airline flight here from Miami, Florida. They were bound to find one another since all of them were instructed to wear black wristbands around their right elbow. Not only that, but their seats were all grouped together on the airline as well. It had been my plan for them to develop friendships on the flight. Now, I realized that it worked. So far, at least, things had fallen into place quite nicely. I could not have been happier because of this, too...

All the ladies and yours truly hopped into the private bus that I had previously arranged for, and we were promptly whisked across town to the marina. Once their luggage was stowed away, the group boarded the big boat with me - a 72 foot, high-speed luxury sports yacht - and we immediately set sail for our destination. Since the capacity for this vessel - cleverly dubbed by myself as Fish-n-Chicks (though I kept that little tidbit away from the others for now) - was 172 passengers, there was an ample amount of room for everyone to kick back, relax and feel comfortable.

During the cruise, a couple of the ladies had gathered in the lower cabin, where they relaxed while lightly snacking and sipping some refreshments (the hungry Trish included, of course). The remaining ladies were all assembled on the top deck of the boat, getting an early start with their suntans. The respective conversations between both groups had become quite friendly and animated; everyone was having a wonderful time. That made me feel even better. Obviously, I was aiming for a very peaceful co-existence for the seven (and eventually nine) of us over the course of the next six weeks. Absolutely no drama! That was a very tall order and likely out of reach, I admit, but it was my goal.

Past the barrier reef, the waves became larger and some of the ladies squealed with delight at the roller coaster ride, while others held on tight, looking scared and pale. The one who seemed to be having the most difficulty during the choppy water phase of our voyage, unfortunately, was Lindsay. But a big bowl of vanilla ice cream (topped with sprinkles and chocolate syrup), as well as healthy words of support from Trish and Devon, seemed to help settle and soothe Lindsay's frayed nerves. Still, the girl was having problems and would probably be happier than anyone else once we finally reached landfall. Clearly, Lindsay had never been on a long ocean cruise - four hours - like this before.

Add all those thousands of miles Lindsay spent flying in the air earlier today on top of the bumpy boat ride... I believe it would be safe to assume that she was feeling a bit nauseated right now. Some people simply do not adapt well to travel. I felt very concerned, naturally, and promised her that we would reach our island destination soon.

As luck would have it, Lindsay dozed off for a good 20 or 30 minutes near the end of our cruise. What a sweet and touching sight it was to see her seated on a side bench, her head resting and using Trish's willing shoulder as a pillow, as she caught a quick and much-deserved nap. Trish, of course, just sat idly by and did not dare move a muscle. She did not want to disturb and/or rouse Lindsay at all.

I cannot stress just how innocent and defenseless, with her mouth slightly ajar, the 18-year-old from Cincinnati looked right now as she used Trish's shoulder as her own, personal stanchion. I was not the only one who felt this way, either, as both Pamela and Devon snapped photographs of the touching scene with their respective smartphones. Trish even got them to take a video of it with her own wireless device.

It quickly became apparent that this was going to be my first, true memory of the upcoming six weeks. Lindsay looked like a Heaven-sent angel, just slumbering away there! Hopefully, there would be several more memories to follow.

And I'd find what I was ultimately looking for in bringing all these ladies here in the first place.

* * *

With layers of clouds trickled here-and-there, the sky surrounding the setting sun on this breezy June evening was a brilliant, tropical shade of orange as the catamaran made its final approach toward the island. All six of the ladies (the groggy Lindsay included) were gathered together upon the top deck of the boat, so they could take in the wondrous, untamed beauty of the island. The overwhelming consensus among them was a sense of sheer awe.

I have held steadfast in the belief since day one that anyone would be hard-pressed to find a more beautiful, picturesque location in the entire world than the private island which I had considered home for the past 15 years.

Located 130 miles away from the coastal city of Lima, Peru (South America), the island was literally a virgin territory. Apart from the large mansion, outdoor recreation complex, horse stables and access roads which encircled it, the island was basically the same as God had created it. That, of course, was the way it should be.

The few people who visited my little corner of paradise over the past 15 years fell in love with the dramatic views, the tropical fusion of stars at night and the chance to be alone with the elements. Here one found palm-fringed blue lagoons, a lush rain forest, hidden gardens, cascading waterfalls and a wild river running between two canyons. And those beautiful beaches - gold, red, black and green sands - were caressed by an endless, peaceful surf.

The putt-putt golf course, located in the recreation area next to the mansion, had an intricate (and very unique) design which appealed to even novice players. Alternative forms of outdoor entertainment included horseback riding in the forest, scuba diving off the coast, or taking my trusty, old Jeep for the day and paving one's own course through the wilderness. This island was, without question, a true paradise.

The rustling in my shorts reminded me to keep my mind on the task at hand or run the risk of foundering on the barrier reef. I quickly steered the large boat into the opening of the reef left by the fresh water pouring into the ocean at that spot and docked at the pier.

"Ladies, we have arrived. There are also food and drinks at the mansion. Please leave your luggage here on the boat. Do not worry; all your belongings will be safe and sound. We can come back later and pick the bags up with the Jeep. No use carrying the luggage all the way to the mansion."

They all seemed in agreement. After I secured the boat, the girls jumped out and we headed up the narrow path to the main house some 2,000 feet away. The last 100 were steps which had been laid with slabs of volcanic rock. The estate, a Mediterranean-style villa, greeted us with its wide- open design which allowed the sea breezes to easily pass through and carry the scent of flowers and the fresh, tropical air.

At the front entry, several of my lovely female guests turned their attention toward the center peak of the home. This was where, at a two- and three-story height, etched glass front doors and windows depicted the sea at the bottom and birds in the sky at the top. Outside colors, I should mention, were peach and aqua, which (in my opinion) enhanced the serenity and tranquil ambiance that prevailed here. But the outside of the estate, although beautiful, did not even begin to tell the story about what awaited indoors.

Stepping inside, the ladies were immediately stunned by an eye-catching assortment of interesting and entertaining details. To help create and maintain a sense of warmth in a residence this large, there was an abundance of visual stimuli. Everywhere there was something to see, something going on, something intriguing.
