 Max and Ren broke out laughing as soon as they saw each other. Liesel and Max were waiting in the lobby when Ami and Ren walked up. The two women looked at each other trying to figure out what was going on.

"We should have known," Ren said.

"It makes perfect sense," Max agreed.

"What?" the two women asked in unison, both totally confused by the conversation their husbands were having.

"Max and I met in the bar earlier today," Ren explained.

"We both knew our wives had found new friends, we just didn't know who," Max continued.

They all laughed at the serendipity of it all, and headed to Max's car for the trip to the restaurant. 

The restaurant was perfect, sitting high on a cliff overlooking the harbor. They sat at a table beside the old fort wall with a perfect view of the setting sun sinking into the ocean.

They decided to swap, so to speak, with Ren and Liesel sitting side-by-side and Max and Ami together. The two women were across from each other. 

Max and Liesel were regulars at the restaurant, and all the wait staff knew them.

"Do you like seafood?" Max asked them both.

"We love it," Ami said.

"Good. Then if you'll trust me, we'll order our favorite. It's not on the menu. It's something Liesel came up with one day, and the staff has been serving it to us ever since. It's a seafood platter with basically every item on the menu, plus a couple of grilled lobsters thrown in for good measure."

"Sure, sounds great," Ren said.

They ordered drinks. First they tried something called a Blue Octopus, which was made with the local liqueur Blue Curacao. It wasn't bad and actually had a kick to it. Next, they moved on to the Orange Julius, but not the kind you had as a kid. This one also featured the local liqueur, but this time the orange variety. After that one, they were all feeling pretty good.

Ami asked questions about the history and culture of the island. She and Ren both admitted they were not very knowledgeable about the Dutch, other than being the home of Anne Frank, an active drug culture and the world-famous Red-Light District.

Over lobster, squid, shrimp, octopus and fish, Liesel and Max were able to flesh out their education about the Netherlands and, in particular, Curacao, which was much like a second home to them. 

Max asked Ren about his diving trip that morning. 

"We dove a couple of great reefs," he said. "First, we went to Kokomo Beach, which I don't think has anything to do with the Beach Boys song, and then headed over to Snake Bay, where I saw a huge moray eel and a couple of lionfish."

"Are you going again tomorrow?" Max asked.

"Yeah, I've got it all set up. Why? Do you want to go?"

"I would, actually," Max said. "I was planning to dive on this trip. Lately, it seems I've haven't had time because I'm usually so busy when I come down here. We should see if the guide will take us to the Water Factory. The reef right next to the desalination plant is teaming with fish, and we might see some turtles."

"Awesome! We need to be at the dive shop by 8:30 a.m. Will that work?"

They ordered after dinner drinks with Max and Ren opting for spiked coffee drinks, and the two ladies selecting aperitifs. 

"While the boys are looking at fishes, do you want to hang out at the beach again, Ami?" Liesel asked.

"Sure!" Ami said perhaps a little too enthusiastically.

With the subject of the "beach" broached, Ren couldn't help himself.

"So, Liesel, I understand you gave Ami a real hand at the beach this morning."

Max, who was taking a sip of his coffee, snorted and almost spilled it all over himself.

"Yes," Max said, getting into the spirit of things. "I heard they hit it off with quite a bang."

"Come now, Max, we mustn't begrudge their fun in the sun."

"Far be it from me to lift a finger to stop them," Max replied.

Both women gave their men withering stares, but they couldn't keep the pose for long before they started laughing, and then everyone was cracking up and joining in the double entendres.

"You have to admit, Liesel, it was pretty hot out there, huh?" Ami said with a wink.

"It certainly was. You were positively dripping. I'm worried, though, that those beautiful breasts of yours might have gotten a little sunburned. If you need me to come over tonight and rub some lotion on them, I'll be glad to help because that's just the kind of friend I am."

"That's very kind of you," Ami said. "How can I ever repay you?"

"I have a couple of good ideas, she said with a wink, and under the tablecloth, she placed her hand on the inside of Ren's thigh.

With the ice officially broken, the subject turned more directly to sex.

Ami and Ren learned that not only were Max and Liesel swingers, but they also had an open sexual relationship.

"You mean you both openly sleep with other partners aside from swinging?" Ami asked slightly shocked. 

"Yes," Liesel said. "Unlike you prudish Americans, Europeans aren't as hung up on sex. We've found that having an open relationship enhances our sex life together."

"But don't you get jealous?" Ren asked.

"I'm confident that Liesel loves me," Max said, looking over at his wife as she took his hand in hers. "We have a mutual trust that's based, not on possession, but on love."

"I won't say we never feel a tinge of jealousy," Liesel said, "but we are open enough to talk to each other about it, and frankly, if one of us becomes uncomfortable with the other's relationship, then we end it."

"Last year," Max continued, "I was seeing a beautiful young college student who we met at a party. She liked to be dominated, which is one of my, umm, turn-ons, if you will. Liesel actually prefers to dominate rather than be dominated, so this student was fulfilling a need for me. I loved how she wanted me to tie her up, spank her and fuck all of her holes. She was quite addictive," he said, a little chagrined.

"A little too addictive for me," Liesel said, with a quick smile to her husband. "I was starting to feel uncomfortable with the time Max was spending with Laurel, and I told him so."

"I ended it the very next day," Max said. "Liesel is too important to me to risk over some stunningly attractive, sexually exquisite, delightfully submissive young woman," he said, smiling broadly as Liesel punched him the arm across the table. 

"Fine!" she said. "We get it!" But her smile said she wasn't really angry at her husband's reminiscence about the "perfect" Laurel.

"But what happens when only one of you has someone else?" Ami asked. 

"Oh, that happens occasionally," Max said. "Liesel hooked up with a young Sudanese boy awhile back, and I had just come off an unsatisfactory relationship with the wife of a friend."

"Ahh, Jean Paul," Liesel said with a distant gaze. "He was no boy. He had the longest, thinnest dick I've ever seen. It was almost 30 centimeters long, but only as big around as a broom handle. The only way I could take all of him was down my throat. He was too long to fit in my pussy or my ass."

Ren shifted in his seat. His growing erection was trapped at an awkward angle in his pants, and he was trying desperately to relieve the bind.

Suddenly, he felt Liesel's hand in his crotch, adjusting his package. She leaned over at the same time and whispered seductively, "Let me give you a hand."

Stunned but very turned on, he grinned sheepishly at her and mouthed "thanks." As he turned to Ami, he saw her watching him knowingly.

"I see she's giving you a hand too," she said with a smile that both women shared.

"When Liesel and I have other partners, we share those adventures with each other," Max said. "They make our lovemaking even more exciting."

"That's right," Liesel agreed. "I remember while I was seeing Jean Paul, I had told Max about his long thin dick and how I could only take half of it. The next time we made love, I found out that Max had gone out and bought a long thin vibrator. He shoved as much of it as he could up my ass and then fucked me like there was no tomorrow."

"The vibration coming through that thin wall was incredible," Max said dreamily. 

Ami and Ren shared a glance. Neither could believe how open the other couple was about their sexual activities.

As if reading their minds, Liesel asked, "Are we scaring you?"

Before Ren could say anything, Ami blurted out, "We want to fuck you!"

Everyone sat in stunned silence for a second before Ren said, "Well, OK, then. I guess that answers that question." Everyone broke into laughter, including Ami, who suddenly realized what she had done and was slightly mortified. 

She looked over at Ren to make sure she hadn't misread him, but the look of lust in his eyes confirmed that they were on the same page. 

They piled into the car to head back to the hotel, but everyone knew where the night was really headed.

They had barely left the parking lot before Ren slipped his hand up Ami's thigh, raising her short skirt and massaging her literally soaked panties. Ami shifted lower in the seat to give him better access.

He leaned in closer to her as she spread her legs open for him and whispered, "Are you sure about this?"

Reaching into his lap to stroke his growing bulge, she whispered back, "Can't you tell? Are YOU sure?"

"Can't you tell?" he whispered back grinning.

"So," Ami said to the couple in the front of the car, "How does this work exactly?"

Liesel turn in the front seat to look back them, her eyes pausing only momentarily on Ren's hand that was gently fingering Ami's pussy.

"Well," she said, "normally, the man inserts his penis into the woman's vagina ..."

A snort of a laugh escaped Ren's lips.

An exasperated Ami, who was starting to have trouble focusing on anything other than Ren's fingers, which happened to be, at the moment, mimicking that penis being inserted into her vagina, said, "No! How does swinging work? We've never done it before. What are the ground rules?"

"The rules are," Max began, "that those involved make the rules. No one does anything they don't want to do. Now, admittedly, for Liesel and me, that's a pretty short list, but we know this is your first time. You do only what you're comfortable doing."

"Let me ask this," Liesel said. "Ami, do you want to make love to Max or do you want to make love to me?"

"Yes!" Ami answered, and they all laughed.

"What about you, Ren? Do you want to make love to me or do you want to make love to Max?"

"Uhh," Ren stammered, "I, uh ..."

"It's OK," Liesel quickly said. "Yes, Max and I are both bisexual, but we understand that lifestyle isn't for everyone. Like Max said, you only do what you feel comfortable doing."

"But will we all be, uh, together or will we split up and go to separate rooms," Ami asked, suddenly realizing that she had no idea about the proper etiquette when it came to swapping partners.

"It can be either or both," Max said, "but we tend to enjoy it more when we're all together. It fuels our exhibitionism fantasies; plus we like to watch."

"Can I make a suggestion?" Liesel asked. "Ami, if it's OK with you, I desperately want to make love to you. We've already connected, and I'd like to take it further. I'd like it if Max and Ren watch us make love, and then, when it seems like the moment is right, they can join us and we'll see where it goes from there. What do you think?"

Ami didn't even have to reply. The smile on her lips and the look of lust in her eyes said it all.

Ami and Liesel entered the two-bedroom hotel suite arm in arm, trailed by their husbands.

"Honey," Liesel called over her shoulder as she headed for one bathroom, "could you whip us up a batch of your famous Killer Bee rum punch?"

Ren and Ami glanced quickly at each other.

"Wait!" Ami said, "You mean Killer Bees like you get at Sunshine's on Nevis?"

"Well, close," Max said. "Sunshine's recipe is top secret, but I scoured the Internet until I found a recipe that seems to be pretty close. I've added a few extra touches of my own, and I think they live up to their namesake."

"We LOVE that place!" Ami exclaimed. "St. Kitts and Nevis are two of our favorite Caribbean islands!"

"Ours too!" Liesel said. "Sunshine and Max have become good friends over the years, but Sunshine still won't give away the secret to his Killer Bees. Max made him a batch of his version, and Sunshine was impressed, but you could tell it wasn't quite right. Ami, I'm going to freshen up a bit. There's another bathroom in the second suite. Feel free to use it if you want."

She shut the door behind her, and a few moments later, they heard the shower running. 

"That's a good idea," Ami said as she headed for the second bathroom. "I'm a little sticky from the ... um ... heat."

Max made a big pitcher of punch and poured glasses for Ren and himself. 

"You sure you're OK with this?" Max asked, now that they were alone and could talk freely. 

"We don't want to pressure either you or Ami into doing something you'll regret later."

Ren thought for a moment before he responded.

"I admit things are moving very quickly, and I'm a little bit in a daze, but, yes, I'm sure, and so is Ami. We've talked about this possibility before, and the idea has led to some pretty hot sex. We've just never figured out how to make it happen. At home, we have some friends whom we really like, and they like us too. Mark's always flirting with Ami, and Erin is very touchy, feely when she's around me. I think we all want to take it further, but no one knows how to make the first move."

"I've found that it works better if the wives set it up," Max said. "When men suggest it, we just sound like pervs, but when the women suggest it, we can go along because we're being loving supportive husbands."

"And we're nothing if not loving, supportive husbands, right? Ren said with a grin.

"That's just the kind of guys we are," Max agreed.

Just then, the bathroom door opened and Liesel stepped out in a short silken robe that came down just below her butt. She had released the braid from her hair, and Ren was stunned at how long and full it was. 

There was no way to describe her except to say that she was one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen.

Liesel smiled at Ren's reaction. She knew she had an effect on men. She knew she was beautiful, but she didn't really think about it. She knew that beauty was only a fleeting thing and that the real beauty came from within.

"Do you have something for me Ren?" she asked coyly.

Ren's one-track mind was frozen in the moment, and only sexual thoughts came to mind as he tried to decipher what he could possibly have for her.

"A drink, perhaps?" Liesel said, helping him out of his dilemma. 

"Oh ... sure ... right ... coming right up!"

"And fix one for you hot wife, too. Maybe you should go check on her."

"Good idea," Ren said, handing Liesel her glass and carrying the other toward the bathroom. 

He knocked gently and opened the door just as Ami was stepping out of the shower, toweling off her large breasts before moving down her stomach and drying her legs.

Eying the drink in his hand, Ami reached for it and said, "You're a god. Thanks, babe!"

She greedily took a sip and a little bit dribbled down her chin and fell onto her flat abdomen, trickling toward the fine blonde hair at the juncture of her thighs.

Ren couldn't help himself. He dropped to his knees and captured the droplet with his tongue, tracing the path the liquid had taken back up toward her navel, causing Ami to shiver.

He was tempted to make the journey south again, but he held off knowing what lay ahead.

"Is Liesel out?" she asked.

Was that a hint of nervousness he heard in her voice? Ren wondered.

"She just got out and is having a drink too. Are you almost ready?"

Ami spread her arms out wide looking down at her completely naked body. "Do I look like I'm ready?" she asked sarcastically. 

"Well," Ren said with a grin, "for what's about to happen, I'd say 'yes.' "

"Get out of here, you turd," Ami joked, shoving him toward the door. "I'll be out in a few minutes."

Ren closed the door behind him and joined Liesel and Max in the living room.

"She'll be out shortly," Ren said.

Liesel was sitting on the couch with her legs tucked beneath her with. The white robe rode dangerously high on her thigh.

Ren took the chair beside Max and they made small talk and sipped their drinks while they waited for Ami.

Ren was halfway through his Killer Bee and already feeling a little buzzed when Ami emerged. She was wearing short silken girl boxers and a nearly see-through camisole that left very little to the imagination. She was barefoot and there was a bounce in her step as she entered the room. 

"Mmm," Liesel said by way of approval, patting the space beside her in invitation for Ami to join her.

"Feel better?" Liesel asked while tracing the nail of her index finger along Ami's shoulder and catching it on the thin strap of the camisole. There was a tension in the room as they all watched to see if the pressure from her fingertip would cause the strap to fall from Ami's shoulder.

Gravity won out, and the thin piece of fabric gave up its spirit and lazily slipped down her arm.

The faintest of sighs escaped Ami's lips as she stared transfixed at Liesel's finger, which now was gliding across her collarbone and traversing the pink upper slope of her slightly sunburned breast.

Hypnotically, she watched as the nail on Liesel's finger caught on the fabric of her camisole, tugging it downward, exposing more and more flesh. 

Both Max and Ren were holding their breath, waiting, watching, willing the fabric to fall faster, but Liesel did not rush.

At last, the darker pink of her areola came into view, and still Liesel's finger tugged the fabric lower.

Ami watched as the cotton caught on her very erect nipple. She felt the tug and bit her lower lip as a surge of erotic pleasure/pain coursed through her body. 

At last, her nipple gave way, and she felt the cool conditioned air sweep across her fully exposed left breast.

An audible sigh emanated from both Max and Ren, but at that point, neither Ami nor Liesel cared. Their attention was fully focused on the other. 

Liesel reclined across Ami's lap, their faces just inches apart. Ami gazed into Liesel's incredibly blue eyes for a moment before slowly lowering her lips to the other woman's. 

The kiss was tentative at first, and then Liesel felt Ami's tongue gently flick between her lips. Liesel responded in kind, and Ami became bolder. With her hand behind Liesel's head, she pulled the woman closer and the kiss deepened. Her left hand slipped into Liesel's robe, cupping her full breast and gently tweaking her nipple between her thumb and forefinger.

Liesel sighed into her mouth. Breaking the kiss, Liesel focused her oral attentions on Ami's exposed breast, taking her nipple in her mouth, sucking, licking and nipping the hard flesh with her teeth. 

Ami moaned. "Yes, that's it!" she hissed. "Bite it!"

Acceding to her command, Liesel bit a little harder.

"Aaaagh! Yes!" Ami said, pulling Liesel's lips from her tit and kissing her again hungrily. Her own hand left Liesel's breast and slid down her stomach. The sash of the robe gave wave to her probing fingers, and Liesel opened her legs, inviting Ami's fingers to explore her already wet sex.

As Ami's fingers insinuated themselves between the folds of Liesel's labia, Ren could clearly see the wetness glimmering on her intimate flesh. His cock was rock hard, and he couldn't help but rub it through his pants to relieve the tension.

Glancing over at Max, he was surprised to see the other man had unzipped his pants and his hand was openly stroking one of the thickest cocks he had ever seen. A drop of precum formed on the tip of his penis and Max smeared it over the helmet of his cock. 
