 CHAPTER 7. "INFIRMITY"

"Hey Jeremy!"

As I entered the front room of the estate on this bright and sunny Sunday morning, I looked around in all different directions for the source of that friendly, energetic voice, but there was not a soul to be found.

"Earth to Jeremy!"

I looked again, but did not see anyone. I then shook my head and wondered if, for some reason, I was hearing things. Was I going senile in my advancing age?

"Jeremy!"

When my face was turned toward the right, that same voice made me look around and focus all my attention to the far left. I narrowed my gaze to the circular wet bar, as well as the panels of sweeping, beveled mirrors directly behind it. I noticed the back of a blonde head hidden behind the counter of the bar via the mirror. With such thick and luxurious hair, not to mention its healthy waves, I knew it was...

"Trish..."

The beautiful and charming 30-year-old giggled with pure delight as she stood up from behind the lavish bar, finally revealing herself to me. "Hi Jeremy!"

I made my way over to her and smiled. "Hiding from me?"

"Just playing, actually," Trish countered. "Having fun. I was hoping that you wouldn't spot me for another few seconds. It was fun to see that confused look on your face."

My gaze lightened with her tease. I stepped closer and cocked an eyebrow at her. All good-natured, of course. "Do you like hiding from people while calling out their name, Miss Trish, making them go crazy?"

"Just playing," she reiterated, giggling. "Anyway, how are you doing, Jeremy? What's up?"

I shrugged my shoulders and took a seat at the bar. "Not much, I guess. No matter where you go - Canada, America or even a tropical island like this - Sundays are always slow. Everyone seems to be kicking back and taking it easy this morning. Certainly not a bad thing, mind you."

Trish sat down upon the stool on the enclosed side of the bar across from me. As usual, she seemed full of zest and happy vibes. It was just her nature. "Have you seen Lindsay since breakfast?" She sipped from a glass of flavored Kool-Aid.

"I think Lindsay is out back at the pool with Amy," I said, having eavesdropped on a discussion between those two ladies no more than 15 minutes ago with the help of the voyeur room. I patted Trish's kneecap and rubbed her thigh. "You... you're really attracted to that girl.

I could tell that my words warmed Trish's heart. "Yes, I am... Lindsay." She hesitated for a moment and glanced downward. When she made eye contact with me seconds later, I noticed that her face was suddenly a very bright shade of red. Now Trish was the one blushing! "I want to thank you, Jeremy, for what happened Thursday night."

"Oh?"

Trish fidgeted about a bit upon the stool before finally saying, "What you and I did for Lindsay. It... it was the most incredible experience of my life. Bar none."

I knew the feeling. "Was that the first time you had sex with two or more people at the same time?"

"Yeah," Trish answered, her tone peppy and insightful. "I think I'm going to have the first time for a lot of things on this island of yours." She squeezed her own wrist and flexed her fingers, letting loose some nervous energy. "I've just... I've never been the kind of girl to be so wild and carefree before. So open. But this island is opening new doors for me."

"You always WANTED to be wild and carefree, though..."

"Yes, most definitely," Trish remarked. "Kind of. A part of me always has, at least. But I pride myself in being smart and sensible." And classy too, I said inwardly. "I'm not like Amy where I have an army of boyfriends and girlfriends back home. On this island, though, I can just LET GO. I have. I feel safe here, secure. This is such a wonderful, WONDERFUL atmosphere."

I wondered if Trish would enjoy the island as much if it were her full-time residence? As my future wife, perhaps?

"Why was Thursday night so incredible for you?"

"Lindsay is so sweet and beautiful, you know. I think Lindsay is an angel. She is perfect in every sense of the word. It was... it was an honor for me to be with her for her first time having sex. An honor." Trish shook her head. Did I catch a tear running down her cheek? "The way we treated her... the way YOU treated her, Jeremy. It was... it was like a fairy tale to me."

In my view, what happened the other night felt natural. It felt right. Was I supposed to treat Lindsay a different way? She gave us her virginity, for Christ's sake, and now Trish and I would be an integral chapter of Lindsay's life story forever. Why wouldn't I do everything I could to make it a memorable experience for her? Something she'd never forget?

"Where were you years ago when I lost my virginity? THAT was such a terrible experience for me. But you, Jeremy... you... were so gentle and loving with Lindsay. It is a memory she will cherish for the rest of her life. It couldn't have been scripted any better, even in Hollywood." Trish raised her Kool-Aid in a toast. "I thank you for it."

"You were gentle and loving with Lindsay too, sweetheart," I reminded Trish. "And you were just as much a part of the proceedings as I was. Lindsay will cherish her time with you for the rest of her life as well." Trish was kind and beautiful. A lethal combination. And she had me curious. "Why was losing your virginity such a terrible experience? Provided, if you don't mind sharing it with me..."

Trish made a face. "It was back in high school with an old boyfriend of mine. I thought he loved me. He told me he loved me. But all Chris really wanted out of me was sex. It took me a while to realize that. Unfortunately, though, it was after I had already given my virginity to him."

"I'm sorry to hear that. Guys that age can be cruel and self-centered. Stupid too." Especially if he messed up and whiffed on the possibility of a long-term relationship with Trish.

"Oh, don't be sorry," she grinned. "It wasn't your fault. I just... I think back a lot and wish that my first time was with someone like you." Her cheeks flushed. My heart stuttered. "You would have made it special for me, Jeremy, just like you made it special for Lindsay." Trish giggled and shook her head quite frantically. "Oh... that is too much for me to say to you. Too personal."

"Not at all," I insisted, my body tingling.

"I shouldn't go getting all deep and brutally honest with you about my feelings. It's just... I cannot stop thinking about what happened between the three of us Thursday night. I... never in my wildest dreams... did I..."

"Your love and adoration, your selflessness, toward Lindsay makes you even more beautiful in my eyes. More attractive." I couldn't keep the compliment bottled up inside any longer. It was so true and I wanted her to know that. Maybe I was pushing, yes, but Trish was being honest with me. Who's to say I couldn't do the same for her? Besides, I had this emotion gaining considerable steam within me. Like a freight train rolling down the tracks at high speed. The urge to delve into Trish's life and allow her into mine.

Permanently.

Before any of the ladies stepped foot on the island, this was what I had missed most out of leading such a solitary life. Talking to a woman that I felt I had a connection with. Wanting to share myself with her and wanting to know all about her and her own life. What was Trish's story, anyway? How could this woman still be single - never married once, even - at 30? Was she running from the past, perhaps a painful relationship? If so, was that her reason for coming to the island? I was no stranger to running from pain. Hell, I'd done it for the past two decades. I'd run from the pain of Victoria - my ex-fiancée and what she did to me in 1998 - and was still running today. Could Trish ultimately turn out to be the woman who filled all those empty spots within me?

I wouldn't be against the idea of Lindsay staying with us, either. Why would I? Just the thought of spending the rest of my life with Trish and Lindsay - taking care of them, keeping them happy - was very appealing to me. A three-way relationship? A three-way marriage, even? Why not? I didn't care if others found the idea far-fetched or even ludicrous. To me, it felt natural. Right. And I wasn't about to question why.

"Be as deep and brutally honest with me as you want," were my words for Trish. "You can say whatever you want to me. Whatever you want. You would never make me uncomfortable with anything that you say, as long as it is the truth. I love total honesty."

The Canadian offered me an inquisitive look. "What was your first time having sex like, Jeremy? Was it good?"

Trish may have been full of tenderness, but she had a brazen twinge to her personality as well. It was interesting, and to say her question caught me off-guard would be an understatement. I did not expect it. I stumbled over my thoughts for a moment, then composed myself. "It was extremely special for me."

"Who was it? A girlfriend from high school? College?"

"Kristanna."

"KRISTANNA?" Trish exclaimed, her eyes wide in response. "Kristanna? You... you lost your virginity to KRISTANNA? Kristanna Grimsmo?"

How did Trish know Kristanna's last name already? "Yes." I knew what was coming next.

"If you've known Kristanna for what... four years, and you are age 39 now... then you did not have sex until you were age 35?" Trish was flabbergasted. "You were a VIRGIN until you were 35?" She placed a hand to her mouth and moaned, clearly angry at herself. It seemed as if Trish did not want to offend me with her words, but feared she may have very well done just that. "Oh God, Jeremy... I'm sorry! I didn't mean to imply anything bad or negative with what I..."

"It's okay," I assured her, cutting her words off. "It's a perfectly normal reaction. A lot of guys have sex before they graduate from high school. A lot more by the time they graduate from college. Me... I was a late bloomer, I guess. Not until I was 35. But I don't have any regrets."

Well, that was a monumental lie on my part...

"Surely you had opportunities," Trish responded, which brought a smile to my face. "I mean... if you don't mind talking about it, Jeremy. Why? Why did you wait so long?"

I frowned. "I did have a couple of opportunities along the way. I was even engaged once - Victoria was her name. We were only 19 and made it all the way to our wedding day. But something went terribly wrong and it never happened. Our marriage, our life, our future... everything. Gone."

"What happened?" Trish inquired, concerned.

I shook my head and spoke in a very bitter voice, "I'd rather not talk about it. I'm getting mad just thinking about Victoria and the whole fiasco with her."

"Oh..." Trish was taken aback with my hard tone.

I sighed and shook my head. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap at you." I shook my head one more time. "I did have my opportunities for sex, as I said. I was engaged to Victoria. We made it to our wedding day, but were never married." Trish reached out and touched my leg as if we'd known each other forever. She seemed like such a compassionate, caring person. "I also seriously dated a girl in Oregon during the few months that I lived there, but I never had sex with her, either. Her name was Tiffany... Tiffany Sheridan. Unfortunately, Tiffany cared more about my money than she cared about me. I never came close to having sex with her, either."

Trish shrugged her shoulders. "I don't want to intrude or be nosey, Jeremy. But you never had sex with Victoria? Your very own fiancée?"

I let out a begrudging laugh and responded, "I was hoping to save myself for my wedding night."

"Oh my God!..." Trish gasped, now bringing both hands to her mouth and momentarily covering it. She was genuinely shocked. "That's so sweet! And so very noble! There aren't many guys who would even consider that, let alone ADMIT it after the fact!" She hesitated, perhaps lost in thought for a moment or two. "How did Kristanna get you to change your mind? I mean... I KNOW that you're not married to her."

"Kristanna is very different than me in the way that she looks at life." I envied her because of that, too. "Kristanna is very happy and jovial. She wants to go a million miles-per-hour in life, ALWAYS have fun, and NEVER have any regrets. Basically, when we met and became friends, Kristanna convinced me to have sex with her. She knew that I was a virgin, too. I told her. She said it was the right time and there was no need for me to keep waiting. I guess you could say that Kristanna helped bring out a new side of me, Trish. Just like the island is bringing out a new side of you."

"Kristanna made it extremely special for you, eh?"

I smiled, those moments flashing throughout my mind. "Kristanna treated me the same way that I treated Lindsay. I'll never forget that night. It is something that I will cherish for the rest of my life. I couldn't have asked for a better scenario."

"That is so neat!" Trish squealed. "I'll have to go and give Kristanna a hug and tell her thank you next time I see her." She wound her arms around my shoulder and proclaimed, "You and her say that you are just friends, Jeremy, but I cannot see why you and Kristanna have not hooked up for a relationship yet." Trish backed off. "I mean... you and Kristanna seem like a really cool couple. I know that she has been here just a few days, so I don't know what exactly has gone on in the past with you two. But from what I've seen thus far, you and Kristanna are always happy and laughing together. I think you two make a neat couple. You seem like... like a perfect match."

"Kristanna is a farm girl from Norway and I am an island dweller from the South Pacific," I explained. "Any type of commitment between us would never work. Kristanna likes to vacation here, but she loves Norway and would never leave it. Personally, I don't want to leave this island. I've been all over the world. Born in Ohio, lived on the east and west coasts, vacationed, had business dealings, everywhere. This is my home. I have no intention of ever living anywhere but this island. I feel... comfortable here. Content. Safe."

Lonely...

Trish appeared confused for a moment. "I thought you said that you have homes in both Ohio and California..."

"I do. In name only, really, though. My father and his girlfriend live in the house in California. I keep it in my name for tax and financial purposes. That way, my father does not owe a cent on anything. Everything - taxes, fees - gets billed to me, not him. The same goes for the house in Ohio, though no one officially resides in it right now. I mostly keep that house so I have a place to stay when I am visiting my family. I have people who check on it from time-to-time; clean it, do upkeep, yardwork, and the like. Everyone in my immediate family, except my father, lives in the general Cincinnati area. Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana. But, this island is my one TRUE home. Always will be. Never gonna change."

"You and Kristanna still make a cool couple, though. I think that the two of you look really good together."

"Hi Trish," came a shy, humble voice.

"Lindsay!" Trish exclaimed, standing up from the bar and making her way out from behind it via the swinging door.

When I turned around, my jaw literally hit the floor and I nearly had a heart attack. There was the ultra-sweet and darling Lindsay in a little, two-piece bikini. She looked so much more scrumptious in person than on my surveillance monitors. That should be a given. Her blonde hair all soaked and disheveled from the pool, the 18-year-old had a white towel draped around her neck and shoulders. I felt an all-too-familiar rustling within my shorts.

I watched as Trish ran over and offered Lindsay a lively, spirited hug, even giving her a full, open-mouthed kiss in the process. Her tongue deftly slipped into Lindsay's mouth. "How are you doing, baby?" She kissed her again and trailed both hands down her sides.

Lindsay blushed red with embarrassment, but did something bold by reaching out and squeezing Trish's round, spandex-clad ass with her right hand. Of course, it was accompanied by a girlish giggle of great accomplishment. God, I said to myself. Lindsay reminded me of jailbait, too!

"You squeeze my butt, baby, and I get to squeeze yours!" Trish purred with delight as she encircled Lindsay's body with both arms and then trailed her hands down to that precious, tight ass. It was followed by a healthy squeeze, then a series of gentle pats. In turn, Lindsay seemed to sag and melt like hot butter upon her older, much more experienced lover. She really seemed to enjoy other people touching her ass. I had to make a mental note of that for the future, too.

"I need a shower," the young woman murmured in her soft, timid voice. "I was hoping you would help me with it..."

Trish's eyes seemed to light up like a Christmas tree at the prospects. "I'd LOVE to give you a shower!" Trish moved her lips close to Lindsay's ear and whispered, "I'll have to give your tasty, little pussy a thorough scrubbing with my tongue."

"Oh God..." Lindsay moaned in response, before turning her attention toward me. "Hi th-there, sir. I mean... Jeremy!"

I returned her smile with one of my own. "Hi doll..."

"Doll?" Lindsay giggled.

"Do you mind if Lindsay and I excuse ourselves, eh?" Trish asked me. "The girl needs a shower!"

"Not at all," I answered, although I was suddenly feeling terrible inside. Hollow. Hurt, even. "Have fun together."

"Let me give Jeremy a hug before we go off together," Lindsay said to Trish, an instant before breaking free of her clutches and then strolling over to me. Lindsay wrapped both arms around me and squeezed quite generously, then offered me a little kiss on the cheek to boot. How nice, how sweet. Indeed, what a doll. Next, Lindsay pulled back and gazed into my eyes. "I was talking to my mom on the telephone earlier, Jeremy. She wanted me to tell you thank you one more time for wiring all that money to her bank account. She said that all our household bills and credit card payments have been taken care of. And there is still plenty of money left over."

"It was my pleasure."

Trish addressed us both in saying, "I still can't believe Jeremy did all that for your family."

Lindsay kissed my cheek again. "And thank you, from me." Another kiss, followed by a suggestive smile. "Much more where that came from, too... when the time is right." Of course, that suggestive smile was accompanied with a blush. Slowly but surely, Lindsay was coming out of her shell.

Trish decided to close the distance between us and give me a hug of her own. "You remember what I said to you," she then spoke, grasping hands with Lindsay. "You and Kristanna make a really neat couple, Jeremy." But what about us? Why not us? Trish and I? "Remember that. Think about it. You're a great guy and I want you to be happy. You deserve it." Trish tugged at Lindsay's hand, then eagerly guided her away. Lindsay did flash me a nice smile and wave, but my eyes were too preoccupied with her fine ass in that little bikini thong to respond until she disappeared into the adjacent corridor.

Now all by my lonesome at the circular wet bar here in the front room of the estate, I hung my head low and sighed. Trish had been amongst my favorites of all the ladies for a while, but it seemed as if it would be in my best interest to look elsewhere for that elusive soul-mate of mine. I had nothing against Trish, mind you. She had all the qualities that I looked for in a woman. In fact, Trish seemed to be the ideal, picture-perfect candidate for a wife. Could anyone say one bad word about her? Just being around her always made me happy.

The woman was, if I could be blunt for a moment, hot as fuck. There was no doubt. Trish was as friendly as could be, very sociable and outgoing, and always seemed to have a smile on her face. She loved sports and could talk about them in-depth - especially hockey and football as I'd witnessed first-hand - and, the best part, Trish was bi-sexual. She was not afraid to throw down in bed with both a man and a woman at the same time. Trish was the living, breathing embodiment of the ultimate fantasy girl for almost every man.
