 CHAPTER 11. "ASSEMBLAGE"

Few things were more pleasurable in life than having Devon Weaver on her knees in front of me, her moist, glossy lips tightly stretched to accommodate my hard, aching cock, as she offered up one of her patented blowjobs. Devon seemed happy to spend a lot of time on her knees lately -- and that was good -- because she had taken to life here on the island like a fish to water, and it was clear she enjoyed it. I gripped Devon's long-flowing, immaculate blonde hair, pulling it back into a ponytail and holding it to one side so I could better watch her jaw and tongue as they tended to my erection.

"Holy fuck, Devon," I panted out. "That feels awesome."

Few things, indeed, but I suppose I'll have to admit that receiving a blowjob from both Devon and Amy Zeitler at the same time was even better.

Amy coiled her long, slender fingers around the base of my shaft and motioned for Devon, who was beside her on the floor, to back off. Devon withdrew my cock from the wet, heavenly clutches of her mouth, then Amy wrapped her arms around my waist and pressed her face to my crotch, the tip of my shaft now lodged somewhere deep within her throat. On her knees as well, Amy gagged and choked for an instant, adjusting to the pressure, but then looked up at me with hot, smoldering eyes. I positioned my hands on either side of her head, my fingers curling into her hair. Amy's green eyes stayed locked on me as she began to channel all her effort into bobbing her head along the length of my cock.

Devon pulled back even further and seemed to appreciate, even be in awe of, Amy's oral skills. "Wow, you're so good at that, baby. I love watching you suck cock."

I wiped my brow and took a moment to survey what was happening elsewhere in my private suite on this inclement evening. Lindsay looked undeniably hot and naughty on her knees, totally naked, as she had Pamela backed up against the corner wall with her face mashed between her thighs. Pamela was groaning out and voicing her approval, her hands atop Lindsay's head, her fingers weaving throughout her hair.

Trish was all happy and smiles as she was relaxing at the foot of the bed, her frontside on the oversized mattress, with Kristanna taking turns massaging and kissing random parts of her nude, voluptuous body.

Outside, rain was still falling and the wind was gusting so much it howled when there was a knock on the door to my bedroom some ten minutes ago. Obviously, it was the ladies -- six of the seven, on my count - fresh off their all-out orgy in the dining room that began with a striptease from Pamela and ended with several of them taking turns fucking Pamela like a ragdoll. The action was a bit extreme and over the top for my tastes, but certainly didn't seem like it would be a regular, everyday occurrence. At least I hoped not. Deciding that they needed even more satisfaction, Kristanna, Devon, Trish, Lindsay and Amy -- and even Pamela - had subsequently come to my bedroom to gang-bang me as well.

But where was Camille? I did not see her at all. Why wasn't she with them?

After the initial shock of having these six ladies show up at my doorstep completely and wondrously nude, I asked them where Camille was before any fireworks started. Actually, the question surfaced when I was being stripped of my clothing. Someone responded that Camille was sick -- not feeling well -- and had opted to spend the rest of the evening tucked away in bed. But I knew that wasn't the truth because I'd just watched Camille engage in that free-for-all in the dining room moments earlier. She certainly didn't seem sick to me -- unless there was an illness for enjoying too much pussy. I tried to press on and ask further questions, but Kristanna motioned for me to back off, to cool it, so I did.

(And I found out the following day, courtesy of Kristanna, that Camille refused to take part in anything else that evening if I was going to be involved too. "I hate Jeremy and cannot stand him. There's no way in HELL I'm going anywhere near him in that kind of situation... let alone fucking him. You girls... have at it. Be my guest." It was the cold, harsh truth, but I asked for nothing less from Kristanna when I demanded she tell me what the deal was.)

And you know what? Fuck Camille! She hated me, huh? What the hell had I done wrong to that woman? I didn't want to have sex with her, either! Even more, I wanted the bitch off my island altogether!

But I digress...

Devon leaned in and swiped at my testicles with her warm, velvety tongue. She smiled sweetly, then planted several kisses along Amy's neck and jawline as the voracious red-head continued to feast on me. I began to thrust, filling Amy's mouth over and over. I felt like jamming myself all the way down her throat, but held back for the time being. My hips bucked with every hard, forceful thrust into Amy's throat. Devon nuzzled her nose against a testicle and took it into her mouth, nibbling gently.

"Make him cum, Amy," Devon encouraged with a sultry whisper. "Go ahead and swallow it all yourself."

"Are you sure, baby?" Amy clarified, withdrawing my cock from her mouth and licking it like a lollipop in the open air. "I'm more than happy to share Jeremy's cum with you."

"I want to watch you swallow it."

With that, Amy intensified her actions. She sucked harder, faster, more viciously. My grunts and growls were increasing, becoming much more prevalent. This was just too much pleasure for any one man to endure.

Amy then offered my shaft back to Devon. "But I want to share it with you. I don't want to be greedy." Devon needed no further coaxing as she stuffed its full length back in her mouth. Much like Amy seconds earlier, Devon's head furiously bobbed back-and-forth upon my erection.

Amy giggled. "No one wants to be labelled as a greedy cocksucker! Especially not me." She reached out and palmed both of Devon's full, luscious breasts. "Even though I am one." Devon pulled back and stared at Amy for a moment, then the two ladies pressed their mouths together for a deep, tongue-filled kiss. They even passed a thick, heavy streamer of my pre-cum between their lips!

Shaking my head, I growled once Amy jammed my cock back into her hungry mouth. She fisted its base and began to nuzzle its tip while Devon moved her attention to the middle of my shaft. She used her lips to gently suck its diameter from the side while Amy continued to pump and frig the base, all the while kissing and licking its flared head.

The sensation of what basically amounted to a dual blowjob by two gorgeous women was about to send me to the brink of madness. I was close to an orgasm, but felt as if I could hold out for another half-minute or so. After all, I wanted to prolong this feeling of pure, unequaled ecstasy.

However, I suddenly erupted like a volcano when Devon and Amy slicked tongues with my shaft firmly wedged between their lips. The first shot of sperm blasted out and landed squarely on Devon's shoulder.

Both quickly moved so their expectant faces were directly in line with my cock. I looked down and let out a wild groan as Devon and Amy had their mouths wide open and tongues extended, their eyes locked on my face.

The second spurt hit Amy on the bridge of her nose and her upper lip. A big glob dripped down and fell onto her tongue, which obviously made her quite happy. She drew it back and guzzled it down in a hurry. My third cum-shot was aimed directly at Devon's wide-open mouth. A huge blast was directly deposited onto her tongue... and quickly swallowed down her needy, little throat.

The girls grasped my cock and began to pump it, wanting more sperm. They put their tongues together - and that was enough incentive for me to produce one final shot. Half of landed in Amy's mouth while the other half went to Devon. What better way to punctuate such an intense double blowjob than by having both ladies share the creamy reward together and exchanging wet, sloppy kisses at the same time?

I took a deep breath and collapsed into a seated position upon the chair beside me. Again, holy fuck! What had I done to deserve this? For the time being, my proverbial well had run dry. But I was given a quick reminder of what was in store for me this evening when I felt another hand grasp my sticky, deflated cock and offer a generous squeeze.

"Oh, you're not done tonight." Still laying frontside on the mattress, Trish was smiling and radiated with seduction as she gazed over at me. Her hand began stroking my shaft as she scooted a bit closer. "Oh, you're not done by a long shot, Jeremy. Not until each and every one of us is satisfied."

"You girls are going to be my undoing one of these days." But you know what? I was fine with that.

Devon and Amy were now making out on the floor as I soon focused all my attention onto Pamela, whose body was bucking and churning underneath Lindsay's oral ministrations against the wall. Pamela had a hand fisted in Lindsay's hair, urging her on even further.

"LINDSAY! HONEY!"

Lindsay gazed upward in appreciation at the length of Pamela's body, her bikini model-like features. Those breasts were heaving, her face flushed, her lips swollen and glistening as groans of ecstasy erupted from them. Pamela squirmed and writhed about like bait on a hook, her pussy grasping at Lindsay's mouth, her body all contorted.

Lindsay was straight out of my ultimate fantasy; on her knees with her back turned, her petite, little frame and her perfect, sun-kissed skin, blonde hair shimmering beneath the lights. Oh, she really seemed in the moment, so to speak, while orally pleasuring Pamela. That tight, little ass of hers looked good enough to eat, too...

Pamela then screamed and wailed in unparalleled passion as an orgasm suddenly overtook her body, courtesy of Lindsay's swirling tongue. Pamela cried and literally spun out of control, clutching her own breasts as Lindsay held still on her knees beneath her, that tongue lapping away.

I croaked at the amazing visual as Kristanna crawled over to Devon and clutched her in a warm, passionate embrace. They squished their breasts together tightly, their lips locked, their tongues dancing as Lindsay eventually snuck into bed and joined up alongside Trish. Kristanna seemed intent on extracting whatever sperm there was left over in Devon's mouth and having it for herself. Amy backed away from them for the time being and massaged her pussy with an open hand.

"Come here," Trish squeaked with a finger, motioning toward a drained and exhausted Pamela. Trish moved off to the side, creating a perfect location between her and Lindsay upon the bed for Pamela to nestle into. "Oh, did Lindsay make you cream your little pussy?" Pamela was hunched over on her knees right now, struggling to regain her wits. "You've had quite the eventful night, haven't you? Come join us, baby."

Pamela sighed -- clearly spent after what happened to her in the dining room earlier-- but then smiled and slowly made her way over to them. Once she got to the edge of the bed, Trish and Lindsay each held out a hand and helped her get into position. They were slow and easy, being gentle, taking care of Pamela after the massive ordeal she'd been through tonight.

Lindsay was already hugging Pamela from the side, bombarding her face and neck area with sweet kisses. At the same time, Pamela reclined back between Trish's outstretched legs and settled comfortably against her front. Trish first ran her hands along Pamela's abdomen, then trailed them upward and massaged those massive, amazing breasts. Pamela tilted her head back upon Trish's shoulder and sighed in a mixture of contentment and utter bliss.

"That feels so good," she simply whispered.

"You're like a centerfold," Trish observed, kissing Pamela's cheek. "You're so flipping gorgeous."

"OUR centerfold!" Amy clarified from several feet away, giggling.

My insides rumbled and I hitched in a sharp breath as Lindsay took a bottle of baby oil and sloshed a small portion of its contents over Pamela's breasts. Trish immediately followed by lathering the clear, gooey substance over and across Pamela's breasts and through her vast, deepened cleavage, bringing her great pleasure in the process. Trish's hands went on the move again, this time smearing what was left of the baby oil onto Lindsay's own breasts.

Needing an outlet of my own, else fearing I may burst with this sudden erection, I focused on the only unoccupied woman in the room -- Amy -- and pressed a hard kiss to her, my mouth crushing hers as my tongue plundered its treasure with a blend of brute possessiveness and unyielding resolve.

"Suck my cock, Amy," I then demanded, pulling her mouth away from mine with a solid yank on her hair. Breathless, Amy's green eyes flashed with molten desire and she nodded her head in quite the submissive manner.

Amy rose up on her knees and reached for the head of my shaft. My eyes were on her, watching every little movement as she again coiled her fingers around the length of my member, directing its tip toward her moist, ruby-red lips. I growled in satisfaction as she wrapped her lips around me and slid it inside her mouth, her tongue already working its magic.

"Oh God, yes... Amy," I mumbled, reaching down to run my fingers throughout her hair. I allowed Amy to set the pace for the sucking of my cock this time around, but kept my fingers wound in her hair with a tight, forceful grip. She squirmed her hips, wiggling back and forth, clearly enjoying the power, the presence, I had over her.

But Amy had sucked my cock during the dual blowjob alongside Devon earlier. Suddenly, I had other ideas for her.

"Come here." I growled the words, a harsh demand, pulling Amy up the full length of my body until she was straddling my lap. I needed to take Amy in my own way, under my own terms. The 30-year-old moaned as her hands slid suggestively over my chest and she found my lips for yet another hot, soul-touching type of kiss.

After a couple of adjustments, Amy's eyes literally flashed like blinkers as I lowered her down gently, letting my cock slowly fill and part the inner walls of her pussy. Every inch seemed to be infinitely more satisfying than the last for her until she was sitting comfortably atop my lap, the entire length of my erection stuffed deep inside of her.

I slid my hands to Amy's hips and initiated movement, urging her forward and then into a rolling motion. Amy rode me without any further assistance, thrashing her pussy around my cock, taking just as much pleasure as she gave. I hugged her to me, feeling her lush, soft curves against the hard lines of my chest and stomach. Amy began to bounce and vibrate upon my cock with an eagerness that bordered on absolute aggression, rocking her hips about, taking me as deep as she could, her eyes ferocious as they all but devoured me.

Elsewhere, Pamela was now resting upon her back as she traded deep, probing kisses with Trish and Lindsay, both of whom were on either side of her. The trio looked like newborn kittens, all adorable and cuddling together.

Amy's breath soon started to come in rapid gasps as she continued to flail and ride my cock like there was no tomorrow. She was short-circuiting on pleasure, but I upped the ante even more when I latched my hands onto Amy's ass and began bouncing her about with powerful strokes that would hopefully push us both over the edge. I lunged forward, using my strength, bringing her body even tighter to mine, her backside slapping hard upon my lap with every thrust.

Amy experienced an orgasm before me for a change, my cock buried to the absolute hilt inside of her. Her release soaked us both even before I was able to plant my seed inside her, depositing thick geysers of semen into that eager, clenching pussy. Amy screamed out her obvious approval, her body tossing and twisting upon mine in the process, until my cock was completely tapped out, empty. Slowly, she and I crested downward from simultaneous orgasms.

I smiled at her flushed face, her cheeks still red from the pounding, clumpy, wet strands of hair everywhere. I gave Amy a gentle kiss and stated what was in my heart, "I love you."

It was the truth. No matter how much I ignored whatever it was that drew me to Amy, I was unable. Was my belief in everlasting love and a happy marriage just a fantasy built from these years of being alone? Was there indeed such a thing as the perfect woman? I'd been attracted to Amy since day one, fascinated with the potential for us, upended by her personality and its quirks -- hell, I was nearly ready to drop down to bended knee and ask her to marry me.

But she wasn't the only one I had these feelings for.

Just let it be known that the first woman on the island that I specifically declared my love to wasn't Pamela or Devon, but rather, Amy Zeitler.

Go figure.

"I love you too, Jeremy."

Off to the side, I watched Devon flip Kristanna onto her back and then dive face-first into the utter paradise that was her pussy. Devon went to town, licking and swiping away, as I noticed Kristanna glaring right back at me with a sultry, come-hither gaze. Trish held and cradled Pamela in her lap, kissing her, caressing, cajoling her, trying to give her the utmost amount of pleasure and soothe her back into the proceedings. Oh, poor Pamela had been through so much tonight.

Lindsay's lips closed the distance between us and pressed against mine for a soft, slippery exchange. Now it was my turn to whimper again, as after taking care of Amy, I felt as if I had zero energy left. Lindsay leaned toward me, though, and pressed onward with the kiss. Amy reached out and fondled Lindsay's hips and thigh. In turn, Lindsay broke the kiss with me and began serenading Amy's mouth instead.

"Did Jeremy cum in you?"

"Twice. Once in my mouth and this last time in my pussy," Amy responded before she too, found herself flat on her back. Lindsay dislodged Amy from my cock and eased her downward until she was resting upon the mattress.

"I'm in the mood for a cream-pie," Lindsay announced, her eyes twinkling with blatant lust, her face descending between the silken joining of Amy's thighs. Amy held and clutched my hand fiercely in response, the sheer pressure causing her knuckles to turn white. I found great pleasure in knowing that Lindsay was about to take care of Amy. My Amy. "Oh God... Jeremy must have came in buckets!" Lindsay observed. "It's everywhere! This is going to take a while, but I don't mind." And then, her tongue began lashing away at Amy's sweet folds.

Pamela suddenly appeared just in front of me, only to climb astride my lap and straddle me there. She slipped her arms around my torso and kissed just under my jaw, my body already responding in spades to all this wondrous attention. There were women everywhere! Apparently having gotten her second wind, Pamela then slid a hand between us and gripped my flaccid cock, attempting to surge new life into it.

"Look at me, Jeremy."

I found Pamela's chocolate-brown eyes and held on, the connection between us stronger than ever before. Trish was seated on the floor directly in front of me, her own arms coiled around Pamela's slender waistline and her lips splaying kisses all along the small of her back.

"Hey." Pamela's voice was a whisper, her expression laden with concern. "You sure you're up for this, Jeremy? I don't want anything bad to happen to you." She placed her hand upon my heart. "Six women, all at once?" Her eyebrow raised. "Mind you, you're not exactly in your prime anymore. You keep telling us that you're middle-aged and on the downside of your life."

"I am, but I'll be fine. Trust me."

"I told the girls to take it easy on you before we showed up at your door tonight." Pamela patted my heart again. "Nothing TOO wild or crazy." What? Like the six of them fucking me to death by way of a heart attack?
