 CHAPTER 12. "TITIVATE"

The morning after the long, memorable gang-bang when six of the seven ladies had their insatiable way with me all at once, I found myself cruelly jarred awake by a bolt of lightning and accompanying thunder that rattled the house down to its very foundation at 5:15am. I quickly sat up in bed, startled, estimating that the lightning bolt had struck no more than a quarter-mile from the mansion. This island may be a paradise, but unfortunately it is not immune from the terrible storms which plague the South Pacific on a routine basis.

Not surprisingly, it was a monumental struggle for me just to get out of bed. My body had been pushed well beyond its physical limit over the previous 11 days thanks to these incredibly ravenous women. My back was in pain, my knee and shoulder ached and there was a bad cramp in my neck. I eventually rose to my feet and limped over to the collection of floor-to-ceiling windows which oversaw the sports complex and pool outside. Man, even my ribs hurt.

What was worse? The way I felt or the weather outside?

The rain which came down so hard yesterday afternoon and last evening had not let up one bit. Even worse, there were continual flashes of lightning and loud rumbles of thunder now, and the wind was fierce, a nasty howl.

Having lived on the island since 2002, I was used to storms like this. However, none of the ladies except Kristanna (who had been here a lot as well, obviously) had been through a massive electrical storm like this. Lightning and thunder eruptions are much more harsh and severe in this part of the world - the South Pacific - than anywhere else. Trust me, I know. Just last month, for example, the island got hit with the remnants of Subtropical Cyclone Diego, a horrific, devastating weather system that formed off the coast of Chile. Fortunately, damages here were minimal.

But it was still pretty scary.

I wanted to be sure that all the ladies were safe and sound. Instead of checking on them from the voyeur room, I thought it would be best to do so in person. I threw on some clothes and put a hat on - to hide my tousled hair - then left my personal suite and ventured off toward the guest corridor.

Once there, I could hear the storm as it raged outside. Lightning flared, even illuminating the hallway. Not wanting to startle them, I quietly opened the door to Pamela and Amy's room. A smile came to my face as I saw both curled up together in bed, lost in sleep. Their bodies were entwined, their lips close. It was quite a lovely (and very stimulating) sight. Of course, I had the urge to crawl into the bed and squeeze right between them, but held back for the time being.

Perhaps soon...

I gently closed the door and went to the next room, which belonged to Devon and Camille. My eyes went wide at what I saw. Devon and Camille were fast asleep as well, but they had some company - namely Kristanna. All three of them were huddled together upon the near bed, sleeping peacefully.

It was good to see that Kristanna had found some bed-mates after the monumental gang-bang which took place last evening. The original plan was for Kristanna to fall asleep with me once the others finally left us last night. Instead, Kristanna was disappointed when I told her that I was so exhausted and sore after what I'd been through, I simply preferred to spend the night by myself. So, I was happy that she had found a temporary home with Devon and Camille.

I was still angry at Camille for what she had said about me three days ago. And, quite frankly, I was glad that she'd decided to skip the party last night. Being gang-banged by seven women would've been, in theory, better than six. But not if that seventh woman was Camille. All things considered, I wouldn't touch that bitch with a ten foot pole right now.

As I closed the door to their room, another lightning bolt flashed outside, followed by the loud rumbling of thunder. I wondered to myself how everyone could sleep so easily through such a storm, while it woke me up so suddenly. That certainly did not seem to make a lot of sense. I was supposed to be the hardened islander here, right?

A check of the third suite told me that not all of them were immune. While Trish was in bed, sleeping like a log, Lindsay was seated at the window and looking outside. Another lightning/thunder combination made the 18-year-old cringe and shudder in absolute fright. Good God, she was mortified...

"Lindsay?" I spoke quietly. "Are you okay?"

Startled, she turned and looked at me. "Jeremy!" Lindsay seemed overly frantic - petrified, even - as I made my way over to her. "I hate storms!"

I placed my hand upon her shoulder and offered, "You must be the only one, then. Everyone else is asleep." The poor girl was trembling with fear!

"How can Trish sleep through this?" Lindsay was loud and whiny as she motioned toward her lover. "I've been awake for an hour because of all that lightning and thunder!" I couldn't believe just how upset and emotional Lindsay was right now. Did the weather affect her this much?

"Everyone is asleep except you and me. I see that you don't like storms. But they happen here on the island. Expect a couple of more really big ones before you return home in four or so weeks." She did not seem to like that news. I grimaced in sympathy and rubbed her shoulder. "It's just a way of life here. Me? I'm used to it."

Lindsay then shrieked in fright as another bolt of lightning struck down. Again, it was very close to the house. The little blonde cowered for several seconds, then looked up at me with tears in her eyes. "I HATE lightning! I just wish it would go away!" A loud rumble of thunder ensued, which upset Lindsay all the much more. She put both hands on her ears and shook in place as if the storm was making her go crazy. "Make it stop, Jeremy! Make it stop!"

I offered the young woman, who was seemingly acting ten years younger than her actual age with this vocal outburst, a peculiar expression. Plain and simple, she was throwing a temper tantrum. Wasn't Lindsay technically an adult? Technically, yes, but perhaps not emotionally. "It's okay, sweetheart. The storm will pass and the lightning will go with it. Just give it time. What is wrong with you, anyway? You need to settle down, honey. Please... settle down."

"What happens if the lightning hits the house?" Lindsay speculated, her sobbing fit becoming much more animated and out of control. My, oh my. "It could start a fire!"

"I have a whole bunch of lightning rods installed on the roof. They will protect the house... and us."

"What is a lightning rod?" Lindsay asked, confused.

"It is a long piece of metal - a rod, actually - made from conductive material used to protect large structures such as buildings and homes," I answered, dropping down to one knee beside Lindsay and looking into her eyes. "Lightning rods are connected to cables that travel into the ground. The idea is for the lightning to hit the lightning rod, then all or most of the electrical current will travel through the cable and safely dissipate underground." I paused for a moment, very concerned because Lindsay seemed so shaken. "I have eight lightning rods installed on the roof. I never worry about lightning damaging the property. It is the absolute least of my worries right now." My biggest worry, in fact, was this poor girl's mental being.

"How are they supposed to protect the house?" Lindsay asked. "Lightning can strike anywhere!"

"The rods are meant to attract lightning." She was young, I figured, and had no idea what a lightning rod was. "They are not 100 percent infallible, but we are a million times safer with them than without them. As I said, I don't worry about it. I don't even think about it."

Lindsay yelped once again as another bolt of lightning struck down someplace close. Her hair was a tangled mess after such a long evening; her eyes, wide and damp. It was easy to tell she'd been crying for some time. My heart was nearly in my throat with concern.

"What is wrong with you?" I asked yet again, dumbfounded. "Why are you so afraid of lightning?"

Lindsay pulled her hands away from her face long enough to tell me, "I was struck by lightning when I was five years old." All the emotions she'd been battling with rushed forward. "I am scared to death of lightning and thunderstorms!"

Well, that shed some light into her behavior. "What... ha-happened when you were five?"

She sniffed her nose and tried to make eye contact with me. "I was in kindergarten, Jeremy, and was riding the bus, coming home from school. There was a terrible rainstorm and flashes of lightning and thunder nearby. At the bus stop, I got out and started running for my house because I did not want to get soaked. But before I made it to the front door, I... AHHHHH!" Lindsay's sudden scream was the result of yet another bolt of lightning striking someplace close here on the island. The loud, ensuing rumble of thunder seemed to rattle Lindsay and her senses even more.

In an attempt to console her, I reached out and grasped both of her hands with my own and hoped she'd finish the story. "Before I made it to m-my house, I was hit. I was struck by lightning... and do not remember anything after that."

"I woke up three days later in the hospital. I was in pediatric intensive care, but only being age five, I didn't realize it at first. The first two people I saw were my mom and dad, and I asked them for breakfast because I was so hungry. I thought that I was lying in my bed at home. My parents then told me that I'd been struck by lightning and had been unconscious in the hospital for three days straight. The left side of my body had first-degree burns. I had smaller, second-degree burns on my chest, shoulder and left leg. The spaces between all my toes were cracked raw and my entire body hurt very badly. I felt like someone had shot me with a heavy dose of Novocain from head to toe."

"I was in the hospital for five more days after waking up, then went home and rested for a week with my mom and dad, and my three sisters, before going back to school. All the burns I suffered have since healed, although I do have a slight scar on my left leg still remaining from that day. I still have the clothes I wore that day, too. My jacket has a big black hole in its shoulder, my jeans and socks are melted and feel like cardboard, and my sneakers were blown apart."

"And you survived okay?" My eyes narrowed with even more concern "Nothing lingering?"

She ground her teeth together, fighting tears. "I was lucky, I guess. Just a few months ago, my mom told me for the first time that my heart stopped beating after I was struck by lightning. I was dead at the hospital for 23 minutes, but the doctors were somehow able to revive me. I'm fortunate just to be alive. She... she told me that after my father died."

Once Lindsay dipped her head low and appeared as if she was about to cry again, I leaned forward and planted a kiss across her cheek. Lindsay flatlined for 23 minutes as a toddler? She was fortunate that she didn't suffer any major brain damage. More tears welled in Lindsay's eyes and she was shaking all over. "Shhhhh. You're okay. I've got you. Nothing's going to hurt you now."

"I hate lightning!" Lindsay exclaimed, again looking up at me. Her breathing seemed shaky, uneven. "Every single time that it storms, I am reminded of what happened to me some 13 years ago! And I have the thought that maybe I was supposed to die on that day." I shook my head in a vigorous manner as Lindsay kept talking, "I have this intense fear that a bolt of lightning will find me again and finish the job that the first one was supposed to do."

"Don't say that!" I fretted, now upset myself. "You were meant to live, Lindsay! You were meant to LIVE! That is why God made it so that your heart started to beat again after 23 minutes of flatlining! Can't you see that?"

Obviously, I now understood why Lindsay was so incredibly scared of electrical storms. Her age simply did not matter. Because of what had happened to her in the past, she would probably react this way every single time that it stormed. It would not matter whether she was 18 or 48. Lindsay had the fear that another lightning bolt was destined to strike her down.

A bright flash of lightning was followed with another boom of thunder which again rattled the entire mansion. I felt sorry for Lindsay, who was about to go out of her mind with fear and anxiety. "Would you like to go down to the central room with me?" I asked her. "It is located well underground, you know, and things won't be near as bad down there as they are here." I offered her my most soothing smile. "I don't like lightning and thunderstorms either. The central room is the best place in the mansion to take refuge from them. I'll be right there with you the whole time. Sound good to you?"

"Yeah, I... I gu-guess."

"Just about anything would be better for you right now than sitting at that window." I gazed at her with unwavering concern. "C'mon honey... let's get you out of here."

Lindsay took my hand and I guided her out of the bedroom and eventually down the spiral staircase and into the central room. Dressed in just an oversized night-shirt, the little minx looked like a doll. I felt like playing with her, of course - especially after what happened between us last night with the gang-bang and all - but knew this was not the proper time or place to do so. Perhaps later today, though?

There was yet another lightning strike outside, but this time, it did not seem to rattle Lindsay all that much. The central room was located deep beneath the ground and was very insulated from the occasional terrors of Mother Nature. Thus, as I told Lindsay earlier, it was not near as bad down here as it was upstairs. Still...

"Hold me, Jeremy," Lindsay pleaded, closing the distance between us and wrapping her arms around me from the side. She then pulled me down to the floor with her and buried her face into my shoulder. Those baby-blue eyes glistening, she gazed up at me and begged, "Let's talk about something other than the storm. I don't want to talk about it anymore."

"Okay, okay." I placed a kiss upon the crown of her head and mused, "The circumstances are unfortunate, I guess, but I am very happy to have this time alone with you this morning." Lindsay again made eye contact with me as I added, "Seems that you and Trish are together at every turn. For me or anyone else, for that matter, it is extremely rare that we catch you anywhere without Trish."

"True," Lindsay conceded. "Trish has been kind of like a big sister to me since we arrived on the island nearly two weeks ago. Just about the only time we're not together anymore is when Trish is practicing karate with Kristanna each morning. Well, she goes to the exercise room every morning and night, too. You know how Trish is when it comes to working out, Jeremy. No matter what, Trish has gotta go to the exercise room every morning and evening. It's part of her normal routine. She has to keep that hard body of hers intact for when she returns to her job in Toronto."

"As a physical fitness instructor?" I asked, although I already knew that was Trish's profession.

"Yes, sir." Lindsay was still calling me sir? It was sweet and kind of cute at first, but now it simply made me feel old. I really hoped she would stop doing that. "But Trish does not work out simply because of her job. Trish works out because it is something that she enjoys doing." Lindsay crinkled her nose. "I stayed with her and watched her in the exercise room for three hours the other day. The woman is like a machine! She was on the stair-master forever! I could never do all of that... I'd get too tired. I... I would probably last two minutes before taking a breather."

"I think it's great," was my comment. "Obviously, Trish is strong and athletic, yet she retains all of her feminine qualities and can match up, beauty wise, with anyone."

"Trish reminds me of those beautiful women you see on the cover of fitness and muscle magazines," Lindsay murmured. "Back home in Ohio, I would always walk by the big magazine rack at Summerhaven Market where I work and steal a couple of quick peeks of all those hot fitness girls."

"Trish could easily be on the cover of any of those type of magazines," I mused. "She has the look for it. Since you said you like them so much, have you ever bought any of those magazines to take home and admire the pictures?"

Lindsay hesitated for a moment, then bit her lower lip and looked my way with a certain aura of shyness and trepidation about her. I immediately got the sense that she wanted to say something to me - perhaps admit something - but felt unsure whether it was a wise idea. If that was indeed the case, Lindsay nonetheless decided to open herself up and confess.

"One magazine and its cover really caught my eye, I remember," she began. "I walked by it every single day at the magazine rack at work for three weeks and could barely tear my eyes away from it. I had to buy it before the new issue was out and they took it down."

"Oh? What was so special about it?"

Lindsay bit her lower lip again. "The girl. There was a girl - a woman - on the front cover of it in a red bikini. She had her back turned, looking over her shoulder, and was standing next to some big muscle-head. I... I've obsessed over that girl since I first saw her on the cover of that magazine. The... the way she looked in that bikini. It... it blew my mind. The... the way her butt looked... in that bikini. Tr-Trish reminds me of her in a way, with her body type and muscle definition. I... I still obsess over that picture. I... I have it hidden at home."

"Wow, you got me curious. A fitness model that you obsessed about? Do you remember her name?" Lindsay shook her head and her face went red as I added in a playful manner, "You should have had the cover blown up, honey, and put it on your bedroom wall back home as a poster. You could go to sleep each night while looking at and dreaming of her."

She laughed, her blue eyes twinkling like jewels under a bright summertime sky. "No. No way!"

"You could have the poster on your bedroom wall, but tell your mom and sisters that it's there because of the guy in it, not the girl." Yes, I was full of (useless) suggestions! But it was fun to get reactions out of Lindsay. I think this harmless teasing was helping her to loosen up a bit, too.

Now, the 18-year-old made a face. "My mom wouldn't understand. She would think it's weird of me to have a bodybuilding poster on my wall like that. And any friends I have who come over to visit? I just... I don't know, Jeremy. I didn't want any of my friends or co-workers to think that I had some sort of fascination with those big, muscular guys throughout the pages of those magazines. I just... I don't know. Maybe it would have been embarrassing, or something. Plus, truth be told, I didn't care for the guys. All I cared to look at was the girls in those type of magazines..."

I placed both hands on Lindsay's shoulders and stared deeply into her eyes, as if I was about to say something important. At least I made it seem that way. "Then just tell everyone you had the cover on your bedroom wall because of the bodybuilder girl in the red bikini. The one whose backside you had vivid fantasies about."

"Yeah, right!" Lindsay pulled away and looked up at me with accusing eyes. The tender, little blonde laughed again and exclaimed, "I would NEVER do something like that, Jeremy! Word would spread and all of a sudden, everyone in town would know that I like girls. My reputation would be ruined!"

I shrugged like it was no big deal. "Oh, I don't know about that. I'm sure that all the bi-sexual and lesbian girls in the area would suddenly want to be friends with you. You'd have all sorts of new friends, you know. A bunch of new friends who would accept you for WHO and WHAT you are. You wouldn't have to hide or pretend. You could just open up and be yourself." I paused, my eyebrows knitted together. "Oh wait... you already have that now on the island."
