 It was all arranged. We were both a little nervous, especially her. After all, the night was for her far more than me. For them, the night was for both of them. After 20 years they were finally living out their long awaited fantasy – having a threesome with another woman. For him, it isn't ever day that you get to live out a long your most cherished sexual fantasy. He visualized his wife and another woman sharing his cock and making him come. He visualized his wife touching another woman, and she in turn touching his wife, pleasing each other. For her, it was similar. She had been with women before, many years ago. She thought about the sensuality of another woman, her soft skin, her curves, her smell and her touch, but she what was most arousing was that tonight she would experience all of those things with her husband. Tonight would be special for the both of them.

For my beautiful wife, tonight would be a series of firsts. She had never participated in any form of group sex and had never been with another woman before, so all day I could sense her nervous excitement. She never fantasized about being with another woman but had fantasized about a threesome but never acted on it because she wasn't comfortable sharing me with another woman. However she was definitely ok with this scenario, being with another couple. The key however, was that I had to agree to take a back seat and simply watch. Yes, my role tonight was that of a voyeur, nothing more. I love my wife and want nothing more than to please her any way that I can, so I agreed to this arrangement. I was, however, hopeful to be invited to participate at some point, but that would be up to her. Somehow I knew that no matter what direction the evening went, we'd have no regrets.

We arrived at 8:00 pm sharp. M wife wore a pretty ivory colored cotton sundress that complimented her full figure. Her two inch heeled sandals made her appear thinner and taller than her 5'2" height. A thin gold necklace hung around her neck along with matching gold double looped earrings. Her chocolate brown hair fell naturally just below her neckline. She chose not to wear perfume, electing instead to apply cherry scented body lotion. She looked and smelled fantastic! I wore a simple dark blue polo with light tan shorts.

Jeff and Julie answered the door at we entered the condo. Jeff, in his mid 40's, sported a white and blue checkered short sleeved button down cotton shirt and khaki shorts. Julie was casually dressed as well, wearing a white tank top with turquoise shorts. Julie, also in her early to mid 40's, is petite and perky. She has a slight eastern European accent that is incredibly sexy. Julie has beautiful shoulder length, silky light brown with subtle blond highlights. She wore two plastic tortoise shell combs in her hair which made her appear younger than her actual age. Like my wife, Julie skipped the perfume, settling for the fresh scent of coconut scented after bath lotion. Julie was accessorized with a gold rope bracelet on her right wrist and a two-toned gold and stainless Tag Heuer on her left wrist. Both pieces were no doubt expense. Around her neck lay a necklace made of white onyx diamond shaped pendants, apparently purchased here on the island. 

Jeff led the way into the living room and poured some drinks, white wine for the ladies and scotch for him and me. My wife and I sat on one end of the leather sectional sofa while Jeff and Julie sat on the other end. Similar to our vacation condo, a wall of windows overlooking the ocean covered the back wall of the living room. It was a beautiful view.

When we finished our drinks Jeff refilled our glasses. It was 9:00 and the alcohol was taking its desire effect and our nervousness began to subside. However, it was only when Jeff suggested that we adjourn to the bedroom we felt the butterflies again. I noticed my wife fidgeting with her wine glass and nervously tapping her foot. Jeff picked up on this too and took control by holding my wife's hand and confidently saying "Come with me honey, it's ok." 

My wife turned to me for my reaction as Jeff led her to the bedroom. I gave her a big smile and a nod of approval as I watched them turn the corner and disappear. 

I started to follow them when Julie placed her tiny hand on my thigh and said "let's give them a few minutes alone first." "Jeff will make sure everything is ok." I sat slowly back down on the couch and finished my drink before Julie poured us another. 

"We'll go in to join them after we've finished with these," she said.

The anticipation was killing me! I waited a few more minutes before chugging what remained my glass. "Be patient, I'm nearly finished," Julie said in a calming voice. 

Julie said she thought it would be a good idea to let Jeff and my wife be alone for a little while, to kick things off. She said that Jeff will find ways to calm her nerves and to make sure that she is comfortable with him. I didn't argue and followed Julie's advice.

About 10 minutes later, which seemed more like an hour, Julie finished her drink and stood. Taking me by the hand she had me lead our way their bedroom. As I entered I saw Jeff standing behind my wife at the foot of the king sized bed. The bed's comforter had been pulled back leaving only the pillows and crisp white sheets exposed. Above the mahogany headboard hung a print of the ocean that we heard cracking outside. The only light in the room other than the moonlight were two candles strategically placed on each nightstand. The flickering candles added to the allure and ambiance. Jeff and my wife appeared more like silhouettes against the soft flickering light. It was very sexy.

I made my way over to the corner of the room where a peach colored cushioned chair sat, about seven or eight feet away from Jeff and my wife, and sat down to watch the very provocative scene unfold. I was so caught up in the performance in front of me that I didn't even notice that Julie didn't follow me into the bedroom. My concern over her absence was momentarily, as I was completely in consumed in the moment.

Jeff's hands were placed on my wife's shoulders. My wife had her eyes closed and her head forward slightly as Jeff gently brushed back her hair to one side. He nestled his face against the back of her next, enjoying the aroma of her freshly shampooed hair. I applied light kisses to the back of her neck that made her shiver while tenderly rubbing her shoulders. My wife dropped her arms to their sides as she melted under Jeff's gentle touch. Moving his kisses from her neck to her shoulders, Jeff slowly lowered the sundress's straps down to her elbows. My wife shivered again as Jeff moved his hands around and slid her sundress below her breasts, exposing her white lace bra.

Julie suddenly appeared wearing only a powder blue camisole with white lace along the fringes. The satin camisole measured about a third of the way down her shapely, toned thighs. The camisole clung to her hips as she walked toward them, removing the combs from her soft light brown hair. She looked incredibly hot.

She crept behind Jeff and began kissing his face and the back of his neck, in unison with what Jeff was doing to my wife. Julie began unbuttoning Jeff's shirt as Jeff slid the straps of my wife's sundress from her elbows to her hands and watched the dress fall to the floor. My wife leaned back to kiss Jeff's neck while she cupped her own breasts above her bra. She was really excited. There was no turning back now.

Jeff placed his hands on my wife's hips, just above her panties and stepped back momentarily to allow his wife to remove his shirt. My wife slipped her right hand behind her and began rubbing Jeff's dick through his pants. Jeff sighted, and as he returned to kissing my wife's neck, he slid his hands up my wife's torso and gently cupped her breasts. My wife let out a soft gasp. She closed her eyes again and lowered her head as Jeff's thumbs found the underside of her bra and began playing with her nipples. He added his index fingers and began tweaking her nipples as she continued rubbing Jeff through is pants. 

While this was going on Julie had loosened Jeff's belt and unbuttoned his shorts. As she unzipped his fly my wife released Jeff and cupped his hands over her breasts. Together they squeezed her breasts through her bra while Julie began rubbing Jeff's dick over his underwear. This made Jeff become harder as he removed his hands from my wife's breasts and began unfastening her bra from behind. Julie removed Jeff's shorts and continued rubbing him as he unfastened the last clip on my wife's bra, then bent over and kissed my wife's naked back.

I was so turned on that I put down my drink, removed my shorts and underwear, and began rubbing myself. Julie caught a glimpse nodded in approval as she pulled Jeff's underwear down to his ankles. Jeff was pretty big, certainly bigger than me. Julie petite hands made Jeff's dick look even larger. She began slowly stroking him up and down while he kicked off his shorts and underwear with his feet. Jeff was fully erect in no time. Jeff lowered my wife's bra straps to her elbows. Gently he lowered my wife's hands to her side then slid the straps below her hands and watched as her bra tumbled to the bed. Jeff cupped my wife's right breast with his hand while pulling her face to his with his other and they kissed for the first time tonight.

My wife's tongue darted in and out of Jeff's mouth. He tweaked and massaged her nipples while my wife continued kissing him, eyes closed and breathing heavily. Their tongues explored each other's mouths as their kissing became more passionate. Meanwhile Julie made her way behind my wife and knelt at the foot of the bed and began to remove my wife's panties. She slid them down to her knees and watched as the fell to the floor, revealing my wife's neatly trimmed bush. Julie looked on as Jeff slipped his hand between my wife's legs and inserted two fingers into her. My wife let out a large gasp as Jeff slid his fingers in and out of my wife's dripping pussy. Suddenly, my wife turned around, French kissed Jeff, and fell to her knees. There she saw Jeff's large cock for the first time, and immediately put her mouth around his head. Jeff flung his head back and placed his hands on her shoulders as my wife took him deeper into her mouth.

My wife loves giving head, and she is exceptionally good at it. She is also really good at sensing when I'm about to come. She loves to take me to the point of climaxing, then backing off only to bring me to that point again. She will do this over and over until I'm ready to explode. When I do finally come, the orgasm is very powerful. Now Jeff was going to get this same treatment. I sat back to enjoy the show.

My wife placed her hands on Jeff's lower back and the other between his legs to caress his balls. Julie, still on the bed, began rubbing herself as she watched my wife work on Jeff. Jeff pushed his cock in and out of my wife's warm wet mouth. When Jeff was on the brink of coming, my wife removed her mouth and began twirling her tongue around his head before licking his shaft. Her wet tongue made its way from the lower part of Jeff's shaft to his head, swirling her tongue around and around. She did this repeatedly before slowly taking him back into her mouth. Slowly stroking him with her fingers, using her saliva as lubrication, she brought him to the point of climax several times, only to return to slowing the pace. This went on for about 15 minutes. Jeff was in complete ecstasy and I could tell he was ready to come any second. It was so hot to watch.

My wife continued torturing Jeff with her mouth and tongue before engulfing him one last time. At this point Jeff couldn't take any more and wanted to come so badly that he placed his hands on my wife's head and began rapidly sliding his cock in and out of my wife's mouth. My wife sucked and stroked him with clockwise and counter clockwise strokes then grabbed him with both hands and pumped him in and out of her mouth. Saliva was dripping from her mouth and onto her chin as she sucked Jeff. Jeff's breathing became labored and he moaned loudly that he was going to come. My wife moaned in anticipation and increased her pace. Meanwhile Julie continued rubbing herself, getting close to orgasm.

A few moments later my wife felt Jeff's cock throb in her mouth as he spurted warm semen down her throat. Jeff let out another throaty moan as he shot streams of hot cum into my wife's mouth. I saw out of the corner of my eye Julie's body shudder she came too. Some of her cum actually dripped onto the bed!

My wife swallowed Jeff's cum then pulled her head away and released Jeff's cock as more streams of cum shot from Jeff's cock onto my wife's pretty face and hair. A couple of streams shot past my wife's face and landed on Julie's blue camisole. I got so excited that I came in my hand.

Jeff's semen was everywhere, especially on my wife's face. After Jeff's orgasm subsided my wife turned around and wiped her face and hair with the bed sheet behind her. As she turned around to face Jeff he gently lifted her by the arms, gave her a big kiss, and placed her on her back on the edge of the bed. Julie moved to the side of the bed to allow room for my wife while Jeff fell to his knees and positioned his head between her legs. My wife closed her eyes in anticipation of what was to come, instinctively began squeezing her breasts and nipples as she felt Jeff's warm breath on her inner thighs. Jeff kissed and licked them, concentrating on the sensitive area where her pelvis and thigh meet. He licked both sides before using his thumb and forefinger to gently part her outer lips. Jeff took a deep breath before continuing, taking in her sweet musky aroma before sampling my wife.

My wife's entire body tensed and she let out a low, soft moan as Jeff's warm tongue found her wetness. Her breathing became more intense as Jeff's tongue danced in circular motions around her outer lips. Jeff stuck his tongue deep inside her before working his way up to her clitoris. My wife's head was rocking back and forth as she more firmly squeezed her nipples. Jeff continued licking her clit, changing from up and down motions to side by side then circular motions. Julie moved in closer to get a better view as her husband continued licking and sucking my wife.

My wife was moaning now. "Yes, that's it. That's the spot. Please don't stop. Please don't stop. I'm so close", she cried. 

Jeff increased the pressure and moments later my wife lifted her hips, squeezed her legs and yelled "Oh God, I'm coming, I'm coming". 

And she did. Her body shuddered as wave after wave of pleasure ripped through her body. Jeff grabbed her hips to push his tongue deeper into her, lapping her wet pussy as she came all over his face. As her orgasm subsided Jeff pulled away and Julie kissed him. His face and chin were glistening. My wife sat up at looked over at me as Julie and Jeff continued kissing and began to fondle each other. Jeff was hard again. I expected her to sit back and watch but instead she surprised is all by positioning herself on the other side of Jeff and took his cock into her mouth again. She expertly sucked and licked his hard shaft with her warm tongue and soft lips. My wife repositioned herself between Jeff's legs, her back to me and began to gently lick his balls. She was stroking his shaft with her hand while she took his balls into her mouth. She was so into what she was doing that she didn't even notice that Julie made her way down Jeff's body to join her. Julie took Jeff into her mouth while my wife worked in his balls.

Jeff propped up a pillow so he could watch the two women simultaneously licking his shaft and balls. Julie licked her way down to the right side of Jeff's shaft while my wife moved up so she could suck his cock again, as the two women switched positions. Julie was licking and sucking Jeff's balls while my wife wrapped her tongue around his cock. Julie slid further down between Jeff's legs and lightly touched the opening of Jeff's anus with her wet tongue. Jeff's head fell back as his wife licked all around his anus. My wife kept sucking Jeff, using only her mouth as she squeezed her breasts. 

The women were really into it and Jeff was in ecstasy as his orgasm began to build rapidly. All three were moaning and sighing as the women worked to make Jeff come. Jeff reached down to run his fingers through the hair of whichever one of them was in reach. At one point both ladies were licking Jeff's shaft at the same time, one from either side. It was incredibly hot to watch as I leaned over to get a closer view. When the ladies' tongues met at the tip of Jeff's head, my wife opened her eyes to find Julie staring right into them. I thought for a moment that they might kiss, but they didn't. Instead, Julie ran her tongue back down his shaft while my wife closed her eyes again and took Jeff deep into her mouth.

Julie slid between Jeff's legs again while my wife continued working on Jeff's cock with her mouth. My wife was sensing that Jeff was getting close, so she starting stroking him with her hands. Her hands slid up and down in unison with her mouth, and Jeff began to moan. Suddenly Julie, who had yet to be touched by anyone, sat up and removed her camisole. Then she moved to the top of the bed and sat straddled Jeff's face. This was the first time we saw Julie naked, and she was beautiful, with small pert breasts and hard nipples. Jeff eagerly licked and lapped at his wife's dripping wet pussy. Julie turned around and lay on top of Jeff in the sixty-nine position, and engulfed Jeff's hard cock. My wife quickly gave way and assumed Julie's previous position between Jeff's legs. She licked his balls while Julie sucked him. Moments later Julie moaned and with Jeff's cock deep in her mouth, she came again. 

She continued sucking and stroking Jeff when suddenly I heard Jeff muffle "I'm going to come". 

Julie increased her intensity, stroking Jeff faster and faster until he exploded in her mouth. Julie swallowed al of Jeff's cum as spurt after warm spurt filled her mouth. When Julie finally lifted her head I saw a few drops of cum escape her mouth and trickle down her chin. Julie stuck out her tongue and licked every drop.

My wife and I were incredibly turned on. She was still laying on the food of the bed when I stood and entered her from behind. I grabbed her hips and slid my cock in and out of her. She was so we and warm, unbelievably warm. We were both so excited that she came within just a few seconds and I immediately followed her, filling her with my hot semen.

My wife turned around and kissed me deeply before laying back on the bed. She had a huge smile on her face as I sat back down in the easy chair. Jeff got up to grab the wine from the living room. As he left the room my wife looked at me with adorning eyes. She had a dizzy look about her, trying to sort out all that just happened. Julie put her camisole back on and invited my wife to lie next to her, which she did. Jeff returned with the wind and cold water. He also brought fresh scotches for him and me. He lay down between the two ladies as they sipped their drinks and guzzled the cold water. He lovingly rubbed his fingers through his wife's hair while my wife placed her head on his shoulder. They sat there for a while, basking in the afterglow when my wife noticed that Jeff was hard again. She reached down with her right hand and gently began stroking Jeff's cock, bringing it to full attention. She lightly scratched him with her fingernails and fingertips while he and Julie began kissing. Julie started caressing his balls while my wife wrapped her fingers around Jeff's thick shaft and slowly began stroking him. Jeff caressed her shoulder and back as my wife's breathing got heavier and heavier. She was getting excited again too!
