 CHAPTER 14. "VENERATION"

PAMELA

Height: 5'6"

Weight: 120 pounds

Blonde Hair

Brown Eyes

Measurements: 38d-24-35

Age: 30 (bday: Jan. 5)

Hello boys and girls,

I'm Pamela, a natural blonde beauty with the cool personality to go with it. I've been a dancer for several years and LOVE IT!! I've achieved my goal of being the best in the business. Trust me, once you've had me, you won't forget me. I can handle a party of six or 60, and I can promise that everyone will have the time of their lives. I've done shows for both guys and girls and love doing them both! So if you would like to enter my Bad Girl Playground, give me a call and I will be there. If you want a two girl show, I will bring my friend Bambi!

Ta Ta for now, Pamela xoxoxo

As I sat in front of my computer and read that little biography, I shook my head and frowned inwardly. I'd been surfing the Internet for the past hour and though I don't remember exactly how, I came across the website of the Baltimore-area strip club where Pamela Prescott was employed at. It seemed as if in addition to being a stage dancer who gave lap dances, Pamela was also a private party entertainer. Did I receive a glimpse of that last week when Pamela danced atop the dining room table for all the other ladies here on the island? It sure seemed that way...

"Your Bad Girl Playground, huh?" I asked out loud, shaking my head. This did not sound like the Pamela I had come to know and admire over the past 13 days at all. "And who the hell is Bambi?"

Just about the only thing that brought a smile to my face about this specific web page was the photograph of Pamela that went with it. In the picture, she had a bright smile and her vast, ample cleavage was on display. Pamela had on a skintight black t-shirt with a plunging neckline and the phrase Got Milk? etched across its front. The photograph, however, did not show anything below the chest. For a strip club, I thought inwardly, that seemed all-too-typical.

At the bottom of the page, I noticed there were a pair of hyperlinks. One read more pictures of Pamela while the other was Pamela's customer reviews. I realize that most men would click on the picture link without even a second thought, but I was far from your typical, everyday guy.

Dear Bare Essentials,

I'm taking this opportunity to thank your company for once again making our most recent bachelor party a huge success. My friends and I have been using your company for ten years and yet again we were treated to an evening of great entertainment. The young lady that made all this possible was the lovely and charming Pamela. She is truly a star in the making. Pamela is a really sweet girl and left a long-lasting impression on all of the participants that evening. I would go out on a limb and say that if anyone who attended our party needs an entertainer in the future, Pamela will be their first choice. Everyone wished that she was booked for two hours instead of one because she made the evening a real success. I would once again like to thank you and hope to continue our association with your company. Pamela made me look very good in front of the guys. They cannot stop talking about it being the best bachelor party they ever attended and I owe it to you and Pamela.

-Tim (Nottingham, MD)

Pamela,

Thank you for making my boyfriend's 21st birthday party a blast. Including me in the show was great! It was difficult for me to watch you dance and strip for Scott at first because I love him so much, but you wound up making me feel super comfortable with it by asking me to help with the show. Now his friends want to know when I will strip for them again! Gimme a call if you have anything in mind - hahaha. Everything was perfect... thanks!

-Sincerely, Tanya

We would recommend Pamela to anyone wanting the best performer for a live act. Pamela is also a great actress who can role-play any character that you want. She listens to the instructions you give her, is very prompt in returning your phone calls (she called within minutes after I called Bare Essentials and selected her), was early in her arrival and had everything ready to go. Not to mention she is even more beautiful and stunning than the pictures on your website suggest. After the show, the people at the party agreed that Pamela bent over backwards (literally) to please everyone and was very attentive. Even her two bodyguards were totally professional. Try Pamela at your next event. If you do, you will be extremely satisfied.

An Adoring Fan

I had an awesome time. Pamela was HOT AS FUCK. I want to take her on a date and then ask her to marry me!

Just wanted to give much thanks to Pamela for putting on an awesome show for us on Saturday, March the 24th. All the guys had a great time and it made for a memorable evening and a memorable bachelor party. Thanks again.

-Malik from Baltimore

To whom it may concern,

I'm taking a few minutes from my lunch hour to send a note about one of your entertainers, Pamela. Last night, I attended a birthday party for a friend of mine and Pamela was a surprise guest. This note is not a critique about her body, or how everyone got all riled up when she arrived. It is more about what I thought was a woman who brings respect to adult entertainment. I've been in more strip clubs across the USA and abroad to fill a lifetime, so I'm not easily impressed. My comment about Pamela is that I was impressed with how well she conducted herself in a very professional manner, as well as her sincere, non-soliciting personality. Many dancers, in my experience, make it clear that it is all about the money. Pamela was different because I think she was successful in performing, being genuine, very professional and mature, and was compensated without blatantly soliciting. Let me end this by saying that when I arrange a bachelor party for another friend of mine come two months from now, I will most definitely call Bare Essentials and request Pamela.

Thank you for reading... Joseph

Pamela,

Just wanted to say thanks for coming out to Irvington a few weeks back and putting on a fabulous show for all of us. Everyone had a great time (especially the groom-to-be) and I hope you did as well. I also wanted to apologize for the inappropriate remarks made by one of the boys. Although Larry was drunk, he had no business saying something so totally crass and disrespectful toward you. Please accept my apology on his behalf.

Thanks again for an excellent time, Dennis

I wish we had made Pamela and Bambi the final act because their show was impossible to beat, especially the sex toy/lesbian skit. They worked together very well and had all of us wondering if they were together in real life. Every mouth in the house was watering. Bambi was very funny and outgoing. Pamela dominated the attention of any man that she set her sights on. It's a good thing that we had a 30 minute intermission before the next show because everyone needed to cool off. As a final note, the pictures on your website do not do Pamela justice. She is HOT HOT HOT! Now I just gotta get another of my buddies married so I can book Pamela and Bambi again.

-Anonymous

I just wanted to let you know that PAMELA did a show for our buddy's bachelor party this past Saturday afternoon and did a fantastic job. Not only was she on time and prepared, but she was just as gorgeous as advertised. Her absolutely adorable, feisty attitude topped off her perfectly toned body and beautiful, smiling face. Pamela made sure that everyone was having a blast. As for the show... well I think our poor bachelor might be reconsidering. Nice work! We could not have asked for a better dancer.

CDL 4/25/18

I recently had Pamela and Jewel come out for my buddy's bachelor party. They were amazing. They were early, chilled, relaxed and fun. They interacted incredibly well and were just unreal. They really worked the group. Pamela, I might just have to set up a little shrine in your honor (hehe). Will surely request and book again in the future when the time comes.

I had a birthday party for my father on March 10, 2018. Originally, we were supposed to get Jessica but Pamela called at the last moment and said that she was taking her place because Jessica had a family emergency. Pamela came and did her entertainment and was great. We are talking about having another party and we will be asking for Pamela instead of Jessica again. She was very pleasant and clean, just fantastic with the group we had. Please let Pamela know if I had to rate her on a scale of 1 to 10, I'd definitely give her an 11.

Thanks, Kathy

Yo Bare Essentials,

Just wanted to say that Miss Pamela was the Shiznittle Bam Snip Snap Snabba tonight! She made the voyage all the way down to Salisbury for a night of craziness. I really do think that Pamela is the woman of my dreams. I would give anything in the world to have such a fine, fine woman as my very own. Thank you, Pamela, and please come down to party whenever you feel like getting silly. Always remember that the HBZ boys here at SU love ya!

With blue balls and wet dreams, Turner

As you can see, I clicked on the link for customer reviews instead of viewing more photographs of Pamela. I had a sneaking suspicion that the pictures could very well be of the more risqué variety. Possibly, they were even nude ones. If so, believe it or not, I didn't want to look at them. I didn't care to see Pamela in a manner where her body was on center showcase in an effort for financial gain right now. As a stripper. I simply preferred not to look at her that way.

The reviews, though quite complimentary of Pamela and her work, made me feel agitated and uncomfortable inside. Pamela seemed to be too good and too classy of a human being to be flaunting herself to total strangers in strip club rooms and on the party circuit both in and around the Baltimore area.

As a member of Mensa, Pamela was also incredibly smart. The 30-year-old was ranked on the Dean's List at the Maryland university that she attended. What I saw on this website... it wasn't Pamela. Not my Pamela. From what I have gathered thus far in two weeks of being around her, Pamela was extremely warm and kind-hearted. She was not cold and abrasive, which is a stereotype that goes along with her line of work. Pamela was also - and this may sound strange, all things considered - somewhat reclusive and shy. I wanted to get Pamela to open up to me even more than she already had. I wanted to know everything about her.

What are some other stereotypes that go along with her job, you may ask? I once had a friend who claimed, from his own experiences, that dating a stripper was a hazardous affair that never ended well. A stripper meets 50 guys a night who are potential dates, he said, so why would she choose you over them? And what did you ultimately want from potentially dating a stripper? A few trips to the nightclub with a little hottie on your arm? Sex? Free admission to the strip joint? A life-long marriage and kids? Excessive blowjobs?

That sultry stare she gives you with those spellbinding brown eyes from across the dinner table in that expensive restaurant is the same look that coerces dozens of men every night to reach into their wallets and jam dollar bills into her G-string even though they are months behind on child support. And if you are lucky enough to get involved with the girl, my friend claimed, your future will consist of broken dates, a slew of ex-boyfriends, "friends" calling her round the clock, and a laundry list of restraining orders she has out on said exes and a few select customers who went over the line with her.

She dances in a strip club because it is a fast, easy way to make money, and she needs/wants that money now, not later. Period. End of story. Whether she is an addict or supporting a child, or even a secret boyfriend on the side, the club is the quickest way to easy money. In other words, do not expect financial competence from your new girlfriend.

Her apartment is full of soiled G-strings and dozens of high-heeled shoes and lingerie outfits, empty tubes of body glitter, mascara, acne cream, Aveda hairspray, cigarettes, alcohol and various drug paraphernalia.

According to an old friend, that's the case for every stripper. No exceptions.

But none of that, I believe, applied to Pamela. She was a stripper, yes, but she didn't touch alcohol or drugs. And cigarettes disgusted her. Pamela went straight home - always alone - after every shift and hadn't even been on a date with another man in over a year. She made certain the guest room she shared with Amy here in the mansion was spotless at all times and always picked up after herself. Pamela studied hard at college and spent most of her free time either with family or simply hanging out at the town library. She was a bookworm through and through. And Pamela was incredibly tight, even frugal, with her money. I call it smart. She had well over $600,000 in various bank accounts.

To me, Pamela was a good, clean girl who got mixed up in the wrong profession 11 years ago. People can spew all the negative generalities and stereotypes they want, but one thing I knew for certain was that the strip club industry had a death grip on all its dancers and, once you're in it for an extended period of time, it is very difficult to walk away from. Pamela had even said that herself on multiple occasions.

"Shiznittle Bam Snip Snap Snabba?" I asked out loud here at my computer, dumbfounded, glancing at the final customer review one more time. "What in the HELL does that mean?..."

* * *

"I want to dance for you right now, Jeremy."

"Are you sure you want to do that for me?" I asked Pamela a bit later that morning, wanting and needing confirmation. I shook my head and added, "Do you really want to give me another lap dance? Why? I don't understand."

Pamela laughed and replied, "Of course I want to dance for you, Jeremy." Little did Pamela know, however, that I'd baited her into a discussion about her career over the past 30 minutes. After viewing her portfolio on the strip club's website earlier, I was overly curious about everything. Most of all, I was curious as to why a vibrant and intelligent woman such as Pamela had chosen exotic dancing as her profession. Pamela was so much better than all those negative stereotypes that went along with being a stripper. She was, in my eyes, an angel.

As we lounged outside upon the deck which flanked my private suite, I offered Pamela a smile and asked, "Would it be too much to ask if you were to treat me like a customer?"

She furrowed her eyebrows. "What do you mean?"

"I'd like for you to treat me like a customer. I want you to treat me like a patron at that club you work at in Baltimore." Trust me, I had a plan here... and it had nothing to do with getting my rocks off. I swear! "I've never been to a strip club before, so I have no idea what those places are like. Well... I do have some idea, I guess, but not really." I nodded my head and concluded, "You know what I mean."

She smirked at my excess blabbering. "Like a customer, huh? You want me to take your money, too?"

"I want you to treat me like a customer. I want you to take my money, talk to me like you don't even know me. I'm just a dollar sign to you." Pamela frowned as I added, "That's how you said you looked at all the guys who come to your club. They had money and you wanted it."

"I didn't look at ALL of them that way," Pamela countered. "Some of the guys were really sweet. If a guy wasn't all that attractive, but he was nice and friendly, and acted like a gentleman, I'd try to be extra nice to him in return. Like, give him a hug after the lap dance ended - and let him hug me too. Some guys I would even give a tiny peck on the cheek to. I never did that for guys who were mean, disrespectful toward me or any of the other girls in the slightest, or attractive."

"You only let the unattractive guys hug you after the lap dance ended?" I confirmed. "Interesting."

"I figured they were at the club because they led lonely lives. With some guys, you could really tell. They were shy, afraid to make too much eye contact. Believe it or not, but I can spot the 30-year-old virgin from a mile away. I have danced for plenty of guys like that. I wanted to be nice to them. For guys like that, I may very well have been the first woman they'd ever saw nude before. That... lasts a lifetime for them. That memory. If so, I didn't want that memory to be negative. I didn't want them to look back a decade later and say the first time I saw a naked woman, it was some uncaring and classless stripper. Instead, I wanted them to say yes, it was a stripper, but she was very nice and attentive toward me, and it was actually a good experience. So, it was worth it. That was my goal, at least, with the 30-year-old virgin."

I shouldn't have been surprised that even in such a seedy and demeaning position, Pamela's sympathetic heart wanted to be good to those who deserved (and needed it) the most. She was such a doll. "But you still worked them for their money."

"Yes, I did," she admitted. "20 bucks for a table dance, 25 for a couch dance and 35 for the champagne room, where there was the most contact. Each dance lasted for an entire song and once about every half-hour there were two-for-one specials. Two dances for the price of one."

"I bet you made a lot of money."

"Not as much as you'd think." Pamela seemed tired to me right now. Not physically, but mentally. Perhaps because of her job? Talking about it like this? Out of all the ladies who had come to the island, it seemed that Pamela needed a break from the daily grind the most. "For every dance I did, no matter if it was the 20, 25 or $35 variety, I had to give ten dollars back to the club. On top of that, the club got its flat house fee - $70." She frowned and then added, "Some nights, business was really slow and I wound up owing the club money."

I squinted my eyes. That made no sense. "How so?"

Pamela lowered her gaze and shrugged. "The house fee - 70 bucks. Even if I did not make $70 on any given night, I still had to pay the house fee. I had to give three lap dances at $35 apiece to show any kind of profit for myself every night. Those three dances added up to $105. But with the $70 house fee and ten bucks going back to the club for every dance I did, I'd only walk away with five dollars after the first three lap dances I did every night. Minus any tips, of course." Her eyes focused on mine. Sharing this with me, I could tell, was frustrating to her. "After that, though, the money and the profits began to pile up. But I cannot count all the times that I worked nine or ten hours and came up empty. You work all that time and wind up owing your job money. I had to fork over $70 first thing every night I went to work."

"That doesn't sound right." I wanted to steal all that frustration she had, those years of negativity, away forever. I wish I could make it all mine and for Pamela to feel nothing but contentment and happiness. She deserved it so much.

"It's not right. But it's the way it is. On the flipside, though, there were certain nights when I took home $1,000 to $1,500 in cash." As she spoke, I brought Pamela's hand to my lips and kissed it tenderly. "During a routine night, though, I take home five to eight hundred. Those more than made up for the slow nights. Most of my job is just sitting around and talking with the customers in the club. We have to talk to them and be very nice in order for them to open up their wallets. Oh... and when we dance on stage, or on the side ledge near the wall, I'd be lucky to get two or three bucks in tips. Usually, one guy would come over and tip me. If I was lucky, it led to a private dance."

"You said it was a really classy place?" I wasn't really interested in hearing about the strip club itself. That wasn't my focus, my end game, here. I was simply interested in Pamela. I wanted to know every little detail about Pamela; her life story, her history, all the things that made her tick. This woman was fascinating to me.
