 CHAPTER 15. "RAPTURE"

-*- Monday, June 18, 2018 -*-

The problem with a romantic, moonlit stroll on the beach alongside the girl of your dreams, at least in my view, was that it was so incredibly easy to lose track of time and place. I'd learned that first-hand. One minute, I was gazing out over the Pacific Ocean and wondering what good fortune I'd stumbled into to have this specific female at my side and in my life, and the next, Pamela Prescott and I were back up at the mansion and everything was quiet for the evening. Still, Pamela's hand felt perfect wrapped in mine, the pad of my thumb tracing gentle circles upon her wrist.

Pamela commented that she was tired - exhausted, really - following yet another emotional, adventurous day here on the island. At 10:30pm, she and I retired to the master bedroom alone together. Again. But I had a problem. The bed itself was perfectly soft, mind you, the sheets were clean and comfortable, and I was neither too hot or too cold. But for the life of me, I couldn't fall asleep. Not yet, anyway. That was my problem. Pamela, however, was out like a light next to me.

With everything that had happened between Pamela and yours truly over the past 36 hours, I felt better and more self-assured than ever; truly invigorated, like I could conquer the world. Was there an exact moment when I realized that, just perhaps, my life was really going to change? That I'd find my way out of this eternal darkness and finally know what it's like to be happy? No, it wasn't that amazing discussion Pamela and I had yesterday that began on the balcony flanking the master bedroom and eventually ended in the movie theater. Nor was it the insatiable appetite that we seemed to share for each other and the multiple orgasms I experienced last evening when I had her pinned beneath me in bed. Rather, it was the look of sincerity and adoration in Pamela's eyes when she said _I love you, Jeremy_ for the first time, and then, _I want to marry you one day and spend the rest of my life with you._

I glanced down and smiled at the sight of Pamela asleep next to me upon her stomach, the bedsheet only pulled up to her waist, the soft, smooth length of her back on glorious display. I traced a lone fingertip from her neck all the way down to the base of her spine, then planted a kiss on her shoulder.

She didn't stir.

Pamela, I'd learned last evening, was a very deep sleeper who didn't rouse easily. It was perfect, actually, because I found I could lightly hug and kiss on her at random points throughout the overnight hours without any real fear of waking her up.

And oh, I took advantage of that last evening...

I closed my eyes for a bit, trying to fall into a peaceful slumber of my own, but it was not going to happen. I already knew that, though. There was a burst of energy within me and it was clear that I'd not be falling asleep for another hour or two. But I had no intentions of getting out of this bed. None whatsoever; not with the lovely and vivacious Pamela nestled so close to me, being able to luxuriate in the warmth of her firm body and the delicateness of her skin.

My mind began to drift, and I thought of the day's events.

Around 8:00am this morning, my eyes fluttered open and I was gently lulled out of the most relaxing sleep of my life. Pamela was sitting on the bed beside me, her hand caressing my cheek. "Hey, you," she spoke quietly. It took a second or two, but upon recognition, a smile appeared on my face. I covered Pamela's hand with my own and stared up at her, memories of what took place between us the day before flooding my mind.

"Hi," I gently returned.

"Good morning, baby." Pamela and I were motionless for a good minute, if not longer, simply gazing at each other. The chemistry, the unbreakable connection between us, was alive and well. It was thriving. How could it be possible that I was this attracted to another human being? I'd never felt this way about anyone, not even my ex-fiancée, Victoria. Her blonde hair all messy and tousled, Morning Pamela was downright irresistible. Clearly a sight that I wanted to wake up to for the next 40 years... and beyond.

"How are you feeling today?" Pamela's eyebrows furrowed in concern. "Do you have any... second thoughts... about everything you and I shared yesterday? What we did? The... promises we seemed to make?"

Considering all the other women on the island, most notably Devon and Amy, it was a valid question on Pamela's part. She told me last evening that she didn't care for the idea of having to compete for my affections amongst the others, but figured it was a necessity for the next four weeks with the concept and the overall theme of the island. The way of life here. I just want you for myself, she confided in me, but I'm still willing to wait until the others go home so you can have your fun.

Yet my mind was clear and all but made up.

"Of course I'm not having any second thoughts. Every little thing I said to you yesterday, I meant."

Pamela's features softened. "Oh, good. That's a relief."

I reached up and brushed the hair from Pamela's forehead. It seemed like a fantasy to wake up with her this way and I enjoyed every single second of it, self-gratifying as it was. Devoid of any mascara this early in the morning, she looked fresh-faced and natural, and more breathtaking than I'd ever seen her.

"I have a surprise for you."

"Oh?" I retorted, curious, sitting up in bed. "What's that?"

Pamela's dazzling, cinnamon-brown eyes filled with anticipation and kindness as she turned toward the nightstand and then placed a tray of hot, steaming food directly next to me upon the mattress.

"What's all this?" I asked, an eyebrow raised.

"Breakfast."

"Pamela, you're on vacation. My guest here!" I openly chided her, though my heart was stuttering in spite of my objections. Louisa would have the morning buffet set up at 10:00am, but I was feeling quite hungry and didn't know if I could last that long. "Why did you fix me breakfast? Isn't that what we have Louisa here for? She's the housekeeper. Not you." I shook my head. This was unexpected. Nice, but unexpected.

"Don't worry about it. It was no trouble at all."

"Breakfast in bed? No trouble? I want you to kick back and relax, Pamela, not worry about things like this while you're here. I didn't bring you to the island to..."

"It's just scrambled eggs and French toast. I made it myself. It's basic, ordinary stuff. Nothing fancy or time-consuming."

"Serving me breakfast in bed is not basic stuff, honey. It's nice and really sweet of you, but it's..."

Pamela picked up a piece of French toast and jammed it into my mouth, interrupting me.

"Just breakfast," the 30-year-old insisted, and I gave in. And ate. Hmmmmm, was that pumpkin? All the tasty goodness of hot, sizzling French toast, but pureed with pumpkin sauce to make it even more delicious? This was good! Beyond good! In addition to all the many, wonderful qualities that I already knew of, was Pamela a culinary genius too? If so, it only added to my belief that indeed, she was the perfect woman.

Yet that thought held a bit too much weight - I had to remind myself that I'd only known Pamela for a mere two weeks and didn't want to get caught up in a tidal wave of emotions that would consume me all at once - so I shook my head quite vigorously, trying to snap out of it, and sampled a few more bites of the French toast.

I then smiled, attempting to act playful. "So have you done this for all the other men you've dated, too? Served them breakfast in bed and made them feel like a million bucks?"

Suddenly, Pamela's voice was laced with sincerity when she quietly responded, "Only you."

Her comment registered. And it hit me like a ton of bricks.

Only you. Those two words played within my mind in a continual loop. And as if on cue, here came that tidal wave. At that precise moment in time, there wasn't anything that I would've denied this woman. Oh, wow. I was silly putty in Pamela's hands, completely at her mercy.

_You're going to marry this girl one day, Jeremy._

_She's going to be the mother of your children..._

Pamela trailed a trio of fingertips down my right arm, starting at my shoulder and leaving little sparks of electricity in their wake. My body reacted accordingly. Her eyes never left mine as I stared back at her - frozen - in mid-bite. I'd miss a thousand sunsets just so I could gaze into those gorgeous brown eyes. Pamela was so sweet, so kind in the way she treated me. There was an amazing energy flowing between us; not only could I feel it, but I knew Pamela could as well.

I finally finished scarfing down the rest of the French toast slice after 30 seconds of silence. Then I gulped my throat and offered, "Thank you for breakfast. I... truly appreciate it."

Pamela's eyes crinkled at the corners and her lips turned up into a thoughtful smile. "It was my pleasure, Jeremy."

After the meal was complete, Pamela and I held hands and ventured off to the northern shore of the island on this picture-perfect Sunday morning. Sheer volcanic ridges laced by waterfalls that rose as high as 3,000 feet provided our scenic backdrop as waves thundered in like stampeding horses from the ocean. The beach itself was a wide, golden strand with dunes, lush huasaí trees, panoramic views and a huge rock that I liked to climb and dive off from.

"Oh my God..." Pamela moaned at one point, full of temperate bliss, as she relaxed on the beach at the water's edge, allowing the waves to rush and splash over her body. "This is Heaven!" Lying on her back with her neck arched and knees raised slightly, Pamela was her own picture of perfection in a flirtatious two-piece bikini, its color pink, with white trim and little polka-dots mixed in. Portions of her body covered and smeared with sand, Pamela continually squirmed and writhed about, enjoying the sensations of the incoming swells and the surreal tranquility of the moment itself.

When Pamela rolled over onto her side and eventually her front, she made eye contact with me and offered a happy, glittering smile. Squealing as another wave pelted her, this time from behind, the 30-year-old raised her hips high into the air and let her feet dangle freely about as if they were chimes billowing in the wind.

"You look like you're enjoying yourself."

Pamela's smile was still there as she glanced back at me. "Oh, you have no idea, Jeremy. I spoke to my sister back in Baltimore early this morning - Candice - and she is so jealous that I'm here right now! Candice says the heat back home is just unbearable and it may even reach 100 degrees tomorrow."

I grinned at Pamela as well. "It never gets above 85 here on the island, even on its hottest day." It was winter in this part of the world right now, though, and the temperature was forecast to be a max of 73 today. That was typical. A bit on the chilly side for swimming, I admit, but the ladies, for the most part, had adapted well in their short visit here. The beaches and the ocean itself were too much of an allure to keep them at bay.

All of them except Lindsay, that is. For some strange, odd reason, Lindsay absolutely refused to go into the ocean.

"Coming to this island was the best decision I've ever made," Pamela swooned, literally burrowing her forehead into the sand and letting the tide completely douse her long-flowing blonde hair. She looked at me momentarily, her now slick and sticky hair cascading across her face and shoulders, but then whipped her head back violently, her hair going with it and flicking off the excess salt water in the process. Pamela focused on me again and, with another smile, she brought her index finger to her mouth and bit the tip of it in an erotic fashion.

There is no point for me to beat around the bush here. Watching the insanely gorgeous Pamela as she frolicked and played in the surf, wearing a barely-there two-piece bikini, was incredibly arousing for me. For the past 20 minutes, I'd been sitting off to the side and enjoying this amazing show. And for nearly all those 20 minutes, I found myself shifting and changing positions quite a bit, not wanting Pamela to realize that I had a hard, uncomfortable erection stashed away in my swimming trunks. Like most men, I am a visual creature and offer no apologies for it. But at the same time, I wanted Pamela to have her fun and luxuriate in the beach and its surroundings.

So, I felt as if I had to behave.

I gulped my throat and swallowed hard twice in succession as Pamela rose up to her hands and knees. Oh, what a tempting sight; one that filled my fertile mind with several lewd ideas. Dammit, she appeared to be every bit of an island princess with water streaming off her sleek, voluptuous frame. A supertoned Venus, or perhaps Demeter, goddess of the bountiful harvest, Pamela flipped her hair back again, every square inch of her gorgeous, flawless, beautiful. Feminine lines, sleek layers of muscle. Or perhaps Pamela was a half-mermaid in disguise?

"The water was cold at first, but now I'm getting used to it." Pamela giggled and shook her head, adding, "This island of yours is so awesome. I love it here!"

I took a deep breath as Pamela began to crawl further out into the oncoming waves, her round, succulent backside swaying back-and-forth in an enticing manner. I closed my eyes briefly, trying to suppress my growing appetite for her. Oh, the things I wanted to do to that ass of hers... "The island does sort of grow on you after a while and can become addicting," I offered. Unless you lived here in solitude for 16 years like I had. Then it seemed more like a prison.

"Oh, it certainly grows on you." She settled down onto her side in the surf, brushing her hair away from her forehead with her right arm. "All the other girls love it here too."

Pamela sat up and with a playful, spirited squeal, she tossed her arms into the air, splashing herself with seawater in the process. "Oh, this SO beats Maryland and the heat wave." My limits were tested once again as Pamela, her impeccable skin glistening and sparkling underneath the bright rays of sunshine from overhead, reclined back and extended her right leg skyward in another awesome display of pure eroticism. My defenses were breaking. I could not take much more of this...

Returning to her hands and knees, Pamela crawled closer to me and the shoreline itself, only to come to a stop and dig her long, supple fingers into the wet, messy sand. She scoured both hands and even her arms with the sand, only to have a wave come along and wash herself clean just like that. Pamela dropped down and rolled onto her back, allowing the same process to repeat itself over and over.

That smile! I had never seen Pamela quite this jovial and happy before. Usually the quiet and reserved type, it was oftentimes difficult to read Pamela and gauge what her true feelings were. She was very mysterious that way.

But after our long talk yesterday and the amazing night we spent together, it seemed Pamela had turned her own corner. I got the sense that she was on the cusp of finally finding what she'd been searching her entire life for. Pamela could sense a true, committed relationship with me, and knew there was a long lifetime of mutual love and devotion that awaited her. If she allowed me, I'd give her everything she ever dreamed of.

And then some.

"I've never seen you act this way before."

"What way?"

"So... alive." Indeed, things had changed since yesterday.

Pamela actually blushed and looked away from me for an instant because of it, but then offered a coy smile and mused, "That's because I've never been this happy before."

Pamela got onto her hands and knees and began crawling toward me one more time. She closed the distance between us and promptly pressed her mouth to mine for a very deep (and unexpected), exploratory kiss. It felt like the whole world just stopped right then and there as she slid her soft, velvety tongue between my lips for a sizzling taste.

When it was over, I closed my eyes and sighed in total arousal. Once I opened them, however, Pamela's face was just inches from mine. She presented me with another glowing smile and bit her lower lip for emphasis. "What's it going to take for you to make love to me? Right here, right now?"

I stifled a laugh. "Not much, trust me."

Back in the present moment, later that evening, I reeled a still-slumbering Pamela in even closer and lovingly embraced her upon the bed. Oh, she felt so good in my arms!

Pamela shifted beside me, turning her face to the opposite side. I propped myself up on an elbow and lightly kissed her temple, which brought a tiny smile to her lips. God, I was so very excited for what the future held for us.

But then, I again thought back to earlier in the day, this time during a mid-afternoon snack of my (not so) world famous grilled cheese pizza. Pamela and I were alone and she started talking about her job again as an exotic dancer back home in Maryland and, just like yesterday, I didn't like what I was told.

Not one bit.

"When I was 19, I had a friend named Tessa who talked me into working at a place called Bare Essentials in the inner harbor district of downtown Baltimore. It is, as you know, a strip club. Part of the reason I've worked there for as long as I've have - over 11 years - is that I took too easily to that job back in those early days. Or, perhaps the job took too easily to me. From the very first night, I was the top earner in the club. It was not extravagant, ridiculous money. It was not New York, Chicago, Los Angeles. It was Baltimore. On a really good night, back in 2007, I took home anywhere from $500 to $800. But that was $500 to $800 per night for a 19-year-old who, at my prior job, earned $800 per month working full-time."

Right. She used to be the French fry girl at McDonald's.

"A strip club can be a pretty nasty, hostile environment. Strip clubs are full of girls who had often been the hottest and most popular, most sought after girl while in high school and college. Girls who are used to getting whatever they want, all the attention they want. Some girls adapt, but most don't. The competition at strip clubs can be really intense. And there is a prize - a cash reward - for winning each mini, little popularity contest. Which one of us gets that guy in the corner to open his wallet? What about the guy at the end of the stage? Who earns the most amount of money each night? Did that girl really just steal my customer away?"

Pamela swallowed hard and I acted fast, reaching across the table and grasping her hand, lending her my support and love, as her face dissolved into shame and woe. Clearly, she was not proud of her past and the things she'd done. Even more, Pamela needed to get away from her past and that dreadful career as quickly as possible. She needed to quit this job and forget she ever had it!

"At first, the veteran dancers were really nice toward me. I was the new girl. I was friendly, I listened to their advice, I tried to be respectful. Some of them gave me advice on where to shop, buy outfits. They taught me how to remember names, little tricks of the trade. But when that new girl grace period expired, it was clear to everyone in the club that I wasn't getting by on beginner's luck. I had several returning customers. I had my own game plan, my way of hooking new customers and keeping old ones."

"For almost a year, I was bullied at work. My clothes were stolen, my drinks spit in, my car was keyed. The only true friend I had at the club - Tessa - she was no longer there. She actually... DIED. Tessa overdosed on cocaine and heroin one night with her boyfriend, and they both died because of it. I never did any drugs before that incident, and what happened with Tessa and Jason certainly taught me never to try them at all, period."
