 CHAPTER 16. "SUBJUGATION"

With over two weeks of the ladies' visit to the island now in the books, I'd finally decided that it was time to offer all of them the opportunity to spend a full day with me on the mainland. We would travel through the Pacific Ocean via boat to the capital city of Peru - Lima - which was located 130 miles (209 kilometers) from this tropic of Eros which I'd called home for the past 16 years. I had this day planned out well before any of the ladies had even arrived on the island. In two weeks, there would be another trip to Lima for them.

There were several valid reasons for the excursion, but the primary one was the fact that a few of the girls (Kristanna, Lindsay and Devon to be exact) had made recent comments about it being time for a trip to the beauty salon. Once the others (Pamela, Trish, Amy and Camille) caught wind of those requests, they joined the bandwagon as well. I was originally going to wait another week.

Thus, it was a unanimous decision when I made the offer to escort them to the mainland for a day of feminine pampering which included a facial, manicure, herbal body wrap, salt glow rub and massage, reflexology treatment, exfoliation and, of course, haircuts/permanents. Everyone wanted to go.

So, on Tuesday morning at the unholy time of 5:00am, the group boarded the big boat with me here on the island - a 72 foot, high-speed Teknicraft Catamaran Excursion Cruiser - and we set sail for the mainland. Weather conditions were ideal. With a top speed of 35 knots per hour and a cruising speed of 28, we didn't reach the port of Callao in downtown Lima until just before 9:00am. Once there, all the ladies and I hopped into the stretch limousine that I'd previously arranged for and we were promptly whisked across town to the most upscale and prestigious beauty salon that the entire country of Peru had to offer.

I paid the equivalent of $59,000 USD for all seven of the ladies to be pampered and spoiled rotten beyond all reason. No expense was spared, no penny pinched. Even though I got a haircut of my own (reverting back to my younger days with a crew-cut), the long stay at the salon was quite tedious. How many men could tolerate spending a good portion of their day in a beauty salon like this? I mostly kept busy by browsing the Internet on my laptop and leafing through literally every single magazine the establishment had in its waiting room.

On the other hand, however, I had no reason to complain simply because all the ladies had the time of their lives. That was the whole idea, right? This entire day was about bringing smiles to their faces. The various staff members at the salon treated each of them like platinum gold, tending to their every request and making certain they got the absolute most out of their visit. Still, it seemed like we stayed there forever...

There was only one major change amongst the group in terms of their hairstyles. Lindsay, whose blonde, silky tresses had previously been loose and wavy, got a new look with a heavy dose of curls. It was such a drastic change from Lindsay's original hairstyle that several of the other girls playfully teased her by calling it a rat trap. Devon also got a few inches trimmed off in back, but I didn't consider that to be too much of a change.

Once we finally left the salon at 3:00pm, I asked the girls if they'd like to go on a whirlwind tour of the city. As I mentioned earlier, Lima was the capital of Peru, and it had a tremendous amount of tourist hot spots. With everyone in agreement about wanting to explore what Lima had to offer, we hopped into the limousine and began the tour.

Rich with culture and tradition, Lima is one of my favorite cities in the world. There is an excellent collection of museums, beautiful Spanish churches in the town center and some distinguished mansions in the wealthy suburbs of Barranco and Miraflores. Although the pace of life in Lima is quite fast and frenetic, with expensive, fast American cars cruising the main streets, things were mellowed somewhat by the presence of the ocean and beaches. The citizens of Lima are generally hard-working and quite friendly, which were two qualities that appealed to me.

Kristanna, who had been here with me several times in the past, literally begged the others that we pay a visit to Museo de la Nacion, which was Lima's largest and most prestigious museum. The reason Kristanna had such a vested interest in this specific museum was that its main theme was archeology, which also just happened to be the collegiate course that she majored in while briefly attending college in California.

Thus, Museo de la Nacion was the first place that we visited. During our 90 minute stay, Kristanna displayed her considerable knowledge about archeology as she explained (in great detail) many of the exhibits to the other ladies. Admission to the museum was reasonable at 35 Nuevo Sol per person (or approximately $10.50 in American currency).

Museo Nacional de Antropological y Arqueologica was the next stop on our whirlwind tour. Chocked-full of important and priceless pre-Columbian artifacts, this museum had quite an outstanding reputation as well. Granite obelisks, textiles and ceramics of the various pre-Columbian cultures - including the Nazca - were on display here, offering visitors an unmatched introduction to the great civilizations which thrived and flourished in Peru thousands of years ago.

Along with Kristanna, Pamela seemed to be extremely interested in what the two museums had to offer. Pamela's mind was like a sponge and she always wanted to learn more about everything by soaking up any and all knowledge that was presented to her. She was my sexy bookworm. Others however, most notably Lindsay and Camille, acted quite aloof and withdrawn during the two tours. They had little to no interest whatsoever in either museum or archeology itself.

At 7:00pm - our standard time for dinner on the island - we made our way into perhaps the most glitzy, expensive seafood restaurant that Lima had to offer, Costa Verde. Feeling quite hungry, I chose sea bass with wild mushrooms for myself from the humungous buffet, along with basil and ricotta gnocchi, and river shrimp dipped in saffron sauce. It was delicious. I must add that sea bass is the filet mignon of fish - at least in my own humble opinion. Nothing else quite compares.

Not all the ladies were connoisseurs when it came to eating seafood - it is an acquired taste, I must admit - but I was happy that they were at least willing to sample various items from the buffet. I was certain that Amy had never tried barbequed cod and bacon wrapped in a banana leaf, but she clearly enjoyed it. Unfortunately, the same could not be said for Pamela when it came to mahi-mahi tacos with olives mixed in. She took a little bite or two before deciding that it was not for her. Lindsay finished off all her jumbo red king crab legs, although she made quite the mess in doing so.

After dinner ended, Camille made the request that we go to the bullfighting arena. I agreed to go, but warned her and the others that bullfighting in this part of the world is Spanish-style, meaning the bull is killed and taken off for slaughter at the end of the competition. The matador plunges his or her sword between the bull's shoulders, puncturing its heart, right in the competition arena itself. Needless to say, that little tidbit of information sickened several of the ladies - especially renowned animal lovers Kristanna and Lindsay. With no one but Camille now interested in going to the event, she eventually (yet reluctantly) withdrew her request.

Camille wasn't happy about it, though.

Our final destination on the sightseeing tour of Lima was Iglesia de La Merced, a 17th century church located just two blocks from the very center of town. It was Lindsay, the religious sweetheart whose father was a minister before his unfortunate passing last November, who insisted that we visit this historic church. It was most famous as a shrine to the followers of a 17th century priest named Padre Urraca. Even now, Peruvian worshipers come daily to give their respects, praying and touching the large silver cross dedicated to him.

It was after 10:30pm once we returned to the harbor and boarded the big boat, then finally began our long voyage back to the island. Because it had been such a tiring, exhausting day, the trio of Trish, Amy and Camille went to the deluxe sleeping quarters of the boat, hoping to take a nap there. Pamela and Lindsay were seated upon the sun deck, engaged in conversation, while Kristanna and Devon kissed and snuggled together on the floor right here with me in the main bridge of the ship. As the captain, I was treated to the sights and sounds of both ladies as I steered the boat back home. Our estimated time of arrival was 2:45am. Somehow, I had to keep myself awake for the next four hours.

* * *

"So how's life in Norway? Were you having a good summer before you joined us on the island nearly two weeks ago?"

"Yes!" Kristanna responded emphatically, a mischievous smile upon her face. "So... many... penises."

I paused for a good 15 seconds, trying to take that in, as Kristanna had awakened a few moments ago and was now chatting with me on the main bridge here on the boat. It was just past the midnight hour and we were still a long way from the island. This woman's sense of humor was very unique - she was so strange at times, yet it was always endearing - and she had the wildest, most insane stories. I don't even know if half her stories were true or not, but they sure as hell were entertaining and often gave me a good laugh.

So... many... penises.

How was I supposed to respond to that?

"Okay," I finally stammered out. It was all I could say.

Kristanna twirled her head about with that goofy smile still plastered across her lips. I could tell that she was about to enter wild story mode. "Let me explain. I was the Maid of Honor at a bachelorette party for a friend of mine, Cornelia, three weeks ago in Lommedalen, a town in Norway."

"Oh, that's nice."

"And, like I said, there were just... penises everywhere."

"Okay." I stifled a laugh. This promised to be good. "WHY were there penises everywhere? Do tell."

"Because, um, it was my job to provide the party... stuff."

"The party favors?"

"Yeah! The favors, the activities and I've never done that before, so I kind of went crazy and sent a huge box of penis paraphernalia to me Aunt Trine's house in Lommedalen. Then on the day of the party, I could pick it up."

"Your Aunt Trine?" I exclaimed. "The one who just turned 90 years old? Okay, you're talking about fake penises..."

"Just anything you can imagine," Kristanna interjected.

"I can imagine a lot..."

Kristanna giggled. "Masks, lollipops, hats, necklaces, a very realistic... cake." I raised an eyebrow at her as she continued, "That cake... would even make Amy blush, I think. It was... gnarly. And very X-rated." Kristanna held back another laugh as she turned and glanced at Devon, who was still curled up in a sleeping bag in the corner, out like a light. Kristanna then focused on me again. "I sent it all to Aunt Trine's house and she thought she was opening her 90th birthday present."

"No, she didn't!" I blurted out.

"Yes. True story. I'm not lying."

"Oh, God." I covered my face with an open palm.

"Aunt Trine opened the box and it was like... boioioioing."

I broke out into a wild rage of laughter.

"What did she say? She must have been really offended."

"Aunt Trine... LOVED it." I began laughing hysterically yet again as Kristanna added, "She really had a good time."

"Okay," I nodded, though I was curious to hear the rest of her story. So I pressed onward, "Did you hire... I'm sure the bachelorette party got a little raunchy... did you hire, like, a traditional male stripper? Or two? Were they... the penises?"

"We didn't, actually, but..." I could literally see the wheels spinning in Kristanna's head, so I wondered if all this was actually true or not. If anything, there was a basis of validity and reality, but she was probably blowing everything way out of proportion to tell a good story. To get a reaction. That was her style. It wasn't that Kristanna was lying to me. I'd never think of her or accuse her of being dishonest. Rather, she was a natural comedian who loved to make others - most notably me - laugh. Usually, that was her whole intent.

"Funny thing you ask, quite honestly," Kristanna said, "because at 3:30 in the morning, one of the bridesmaids drunkenly went out onto the street and just asked these two random guys to pretend to be strippers and come to our house party." I again stifled a laugh as Kristanna continued, "And because it was Lommedalen and well... pretty much anything goes there, especially in the overnight hours, these two guys were like, FUCK YEAH, we'll do it."

"So they went out and found STRANGERS on the street? Two dudes just walking by in the middle of the night?"

Kristanna nodded emphatically. "Two BROS and they were SO DOWN, and they took their clothes off and came into the house and pretended to be strippers. The bride-to-be actually thought they were real strippers. Who would pretend to be strippers? These guys! I don't know what their names were."

I was cracking up! This was too much. To me, Kristanna was priceless! "Did you stick around for the entertainment? That must have been pretty dicey... to have two strange men come into a party and take their clothes off?"

She averted her gaze for a moment and deadpanned, "I... got the HELL out of there. I left right away."

"Good," I nodded.

"It got a little weird, but I think everyone had a good time." Kristanna shrugged her shoulders and giggled playfully.

"Well, that sounds like fun... I guess."

"Yeah!"

"Did you pay these guys? I'm curious. Did they get paid?"

"OH YEAH," she immediately answered back with conviction. "Let's just say they got... what was comin' to them." I stared at her in disbelief as she then backed off, "Or... I don't know. I don't know. I was drunk. I don't remember anything. The night was all a blur to me anyway!"

Oh, man...

Kristanna was the type of woman who came off as accessible (i.e. low maintenance, like the girl-next-door) to everyone who met her. She had a hint of vulnerability thrown in which, for her, was genuine because she was way off mental kilter. Let's be real here; Kristanna said several pretty crazy things and had even more wild thoughts rambling through her head. That playfulness, the fact that she was so silly, made her the type of girl that you wanted to nurture and care for.

Kristanna also had that lush, sultry accent, of course, and misplaced words from time to time when speaking English (most notably, occasionally using the word me instead of my). I used to correct her English when necessary, but stopped doing so a while ago. It added to her quirkiness and made her all the more appealing.

Plus, there was also the fact that Kristanna had a speech deficiency called expressive aphasia. Basically, it took a concerted effort for her just to get her words and full sentences out. Sometimes, it was a massive struggle. Thus, I always felt guilty whenever I tried correcting her English. That was another reason why I'd stopped. Kristanna's expressive aphasia was the result of a stroke that she suffered in 2011 at the age of 16. Yes, you read that correctly. A stroke at 16. She had no comprehension or physical problems stemming from it these days, only the speech impediment.

But to her credit, Kristanna always had something to say. In her case, it was good she usually wouldn't stop talking. And she'd improved by leaps and bounds since I met her in 2014.

Kristanna's long blonde hair swooped and flowed down her shoulders in subtle wavelets. She had on a very loose-fitting purple sweater that hung down to mid-thigh, with sleeves that actually went past her hands. It looked warm and cozy, but no one would ever mistake it for being provocative. Still, with tight jeans, knee-high cowboy boots and that amazing smile, she looked gorgeous to me right now.

"Oh, I'm so tired." I yawned theatrically and stretched both arms skyward. "Why don't you lay back down and try to get some sleep alongside Devon? It's gonna be at least two-and-a-half hours before we reach the island. Get some sleep, Krissy. I've got everything under control here."

"Don't worry about me. I'm fine. I thought I would get up for a while and give you some company."

I smiled at the prospects. Kristanna was such a doll. "I cannot argue with that." I let out another long, exaggerated yawn. "I feel like falling over and taking a nap myself. But I have to drive the boat and get you girls back to the island before I can get any sleep of my own." I laughed and concluded, "My job is way too difficult..."

"Actually, Mister Jeremy, one thing I wanted to do was thank you for all the things you did for us today. All the other girls right now... so happy." Kristanna's blue eyes flashed like blinkers as she continued, "I've never felt better in me LIFE than I did after that herbal body wrap and awesome salt massage." She giggled like a little girl. "Oh, that felt so good!"

Chuckling lightly, I extended my right arm and motioned for Kristanna to come to me. When she did, I curled my arm around her slender waist and gently pulled her against me. Kristanna turned at the last possible second and, with her back to me, took a seat upon my knee as I lounged about in the captain's chair. Hmmmmm, that felt good. I offered an exposed portion of her neck a little kiss and breathed in the exotic fragrance of her long, beautiful hair. The touch of golden thread across my face, the faint smell of sweet lilacs arose and flooded my senses with dizzying thoughts.

"I'm not used to coming to the island and not being the center of your attention," Kristanna commented, placing her hands upon my own at her stomach as I held her from behind.

"What do you mean?"

"Every single time I come to the island in the past - I have made 47 total trips to be precise - I was usually the only other person there with you." She pouted for a split-second. "Now it be different. Aside from Louisa the housekeeper in recent times and the very rare occasions when someone from your family was visiting, it's always just you and me." She paused and ended, "I miss the alone time with you, Jeremy."

"Are you becoming jealous of the others for stealing your spotlight?" I teased her.

Kristanna turned around in my lap to face me and shook her head quite vigorously. "No, not at all."

I placed my right hand on her upper thigh and caressed it gently. "It's different and strange for me too, sweetheart. You always were the absolute center of my universe every single time that you came to visit me in the past. But you know I have been busy with the others - especially Pamela these past three days. Pamela has basically... consumed me."

"The two of you have been inseparable."

"We have been," I agreed.

"You know that Devvy is still interested in you and would like her opportunity at some one-on-one time with you, right?" Kristanna raised an eyebrow at me as she added, "I know you're smitten with Pamela, but I still say that Devvy would be the better match for you. A safer match."

"I know why you say that. But there's nothing wrong with Pamela - my perception of her - because of her past. Her career as a stripper. It's not going to come back and bite us. All those mistakes she's made, the regrets she has... makes me want to love her more." I summed up my feelings in a nutshell by adding, "The fact that Pamela has all these glaring imperfections... just makes her even more perfect in my eyes."

Kristanna grinned softly and tilted her head. "Spoken like a man in love. But again, I ask that you don't dismiss Devvy yet. Or maybe you could have two brides! Pamela and Devvy, you know." She shrugged a shoulder and mused, "Why not?..."
