 CHAPTER 17. "GREMLIN"

"I woke up at five-thirty this morning because a rabbit landed on my head. You'd think that after three weeks of staying in this house, with the massive zoo of animals and indoor pets you and Kristanna have, I'd be used to it, but between the claws and the jerky movements, it's still a major shock every single time. I know Kristanna usually locks Bugs Bunny up at night because he terrorizes our sleep, but we couldn't catch him last night and we were too tired to pursue him beyond calling his name and making kissy noises."

I raised an eyebrow at Pamela. She was in quite the unique, playful mood this afternoon – especially for her – and I loved it. I loved seeing Pamela this way. It was definitive proof that she'd let her hair down, so to speak, and was getting more comfortable and acclimated on the island. And most importantly, around me. It was awesome. "Kissy noises?"

She nodded. "Bugs occasionally comes to us when called." Pamela then shook her head quite theatrically. "Not a good way to start the day. He landed. Claws and hair went everywhere. I sat up screaming, trying to untangle myself from the mess of sheets I was wrapped in. I tripped over what was still around my ankles as my feet hit the floor. The rest of my body followed. From my new vantage point on the floor, all I could see was Bugs running away so fast his little bunny tail was literally spinning behind him."

I smirked. "Sounds like a highly traumatic experience."

Pamela stifled a laugh. "Yeah? You think?" She paused momentarily, lost in thought. "I can only imagine Krissy, when she was younger, growing up on her farm in Norway. She's had dozens of pet rabbits and other animals. Krissy is the reason why your house is the zoo that it is. This was all HER idea, right?" Pamela giggled and nodded her head. "I bet you anything Krissy had the blue corduroy jacket with the little badges. She had the sturdy shoes. When other girls were in school, they wore little skirts and spandex pants and went to cheerleader practice, but I bet you Krissy wore boots. When other girls raised money with cookie and bake sales, Krissy raised money by getting people to overbid on pig meat. When other girls learned to jump really high and squeal, Krissy learned how to milk a cow. Such is life on a farm."

"You do realize at one point, Krissy said she had 14 rabbits when she was growing up," I informed Pamela. "But her mom put her foot down one day and said there was no reason whatsoever for Krissy to have so many rabbits. Thus, her brood was disbanded. Krissy says the parental control and intervention backfired on her mom, though, because Krissy discovered sex the very next week."

"Bugs Bunny is enough rabbit for me," Pamela deadpanned. "That evil creature has ruined me for life when it comes to rabbits and the idea of having them as pets. Plus, Lindsay thinks that Bugs is stalking her and it wouldn't surprise me one bit if he is. Bugs is the bunny gremlin."

"Huh?" I blurted out, chuckling.

"Lindsay claims that Bugs Bunny is stalking her," Pamela reiterated. "She said she was sitting on the sofa this morning, minding her own business, and Bugs kept darting in and pulling her slipper off, and then biting her foot. Then, Lindsay says, he'd retreat and eventually do it again. Me, personally? I think Bugs is the bunny gremlin. He makes me paranoid. Lindsay says she kept seeing him today no matter where she went in the house, only for him to creep under the sofa, the bed, the computer desk. I don't know, Jeremy, but I think Bugs is plotting something big."

I was still attempting to process what I'd just heard. "Did you just call my pet rabbit a... bunny gremlin?"

"I did!" Pamela giggled, unable to control her laughter.

"Lindsay has little fuzzy monkey heads on her slippers, you know," I offered, trying to play along with her. "Bugs probably feels that his dominance is being threatened. I've never had a problem with Bugs myself. Krissy found him wandering the streets of Lima three years ago, hungry, and brought him to me. He's actually been a pretty cool pet over the years."

Pamela let loose with an exaggerated pout. "You should've named him Evil Bunny Einstein! He's not a normal rabbit. I think Bugs is intent on house-wide vermin destruction."

I was laughing. "He is not a bunny gremlin, sweetheart, and he's not evil. Trust me on that."

I watched a picturesque smile break across Pamela's face. She was clearly in a very playful, jovial mood this afternoon, and it showed. Oh, I'd never seen Pamela act this way before and, once again, it was awesome. This woman made my life better in every way imaginable. Simply talking to her was mesmerizing, looking at her was enthralling, and kissing her was like heaven on Earth.

"What are you thinking now, Jeremy?"

I inhaled sharply, enjoying the moment, and stared into those beautiful eyes, the color of chocolate, and said what was in my heart. "I was just thinking how wonderful you are and how you weren't a part of my life until three weeks ago." Meaning, I wish I'd originally met her 10 years ago.

Pamela relaxed back into her chair. "I know. I feel as if I've known you for so much longer. Maybe it's because I spend so much time thinking about you when we're apart."

I smirked again. "To me, you're just a hot piece of ass."

Pamela stymied a giggle. "Gee, thanks. That's all, huh?" Indeed, Pamela was super relaxed and chilled now. Two weeks ago, for example, I would've never made such a crude (but harmless and totally playful) joke about her. But now? She took it in stride and laughed it off.

"Speaking of a hot piece of ass..."

Lindsay's golden smile, all cute and innocent, had my mind in a daze. Having just stepped into the upstairs office with us, Lindsay looked all sexy and amazing with tousled hair and that sweet, covergirl face. She wore denim cut-offs and a yellow button-up blouse made of cotton, untucked, but still slim-fitting.

"God, look at you," Pamela moaned, her focus and attention solely on Lindsay now. Could anyone blame her? Before I knew what happened next, Pamela sprung up from her chair and claimed a hot, scorching kiss from Lindsay. The kind that set one's senses ablaze and made their head swoon with raw desire.

Pamela followed up the kiss by slipping her hands beneath the blouse Lindsay wore and tenderly massaging her stomach with both thumbs. "Hi baby," she grinned, stealing another kiss. "Where's your girl Trish at? She's always with you."

Lindsay made a face. "I'm taking the day off from Trish." She then glanced toward me. "Hi Jeremy. What have you and Pamela been up to? Waiting here for me?"

"You know it." But what did Lindsay mean by saying that she was taking the day off from Trish? Did they have an argument that I wasn't aware of? Perhaps a disagreement? I filed that little comment away for the time being, but planned on finding out about it later. "Been talking a lot, actually. Pamela wants me to get on the exercise and yoga program that Trish has you and Devon on right now. Would probably be good for my back since I've had problems with it for years." Indeed, my lower back was not in the best of shape.

Pamela scrunched an eye and peered at Lindsay. "We were also talking about that evil bunny gremlin."

I couldn't help but to smile. Pamela was amusing, even if she wasn't trying to be at the moment. And attractive. Very, very attractive. She didn't have to try for that.

"Bugs is bad news," Lindsay nodded, clearly taking Pamela's side on this issue. "He's a creeper. A big creeper. Been following me around all day."

I chuckled and focused on Pamela. "I've been known to follow you around all day before too..."

"We all know you're a creeper, Jeremy," she retorted, giggling. "You're the creep-du-jour."

"Wow. Thanks."

"Bugs needs to stay in his cage more often," Pamela mused. "He should be a good bunny like Jack Rabbit is. We never have a problem with getting good ole J.R. into his cage." Jack Rabbit, by the way, was the other pet rabbit I kept in the house. Pamela didn't seem to have any issues with him.

"I prefer to call it a bunny townhouse," Lindsay offered, "especially in front of the little monster. I told him last week, Bugs, your townhouse has it all. Why resist it so much? It's two stories high with cedar accents and a little bunny ramp to go between the levels. You even have your own master suite - a little wooden bunny box with an arched entryway. There's plenty of food and water. It's bunny luxury at its absolute finest! What more do you possibly need?"

"Yet every time we manage to get him inside, we have to deal with his creepy bunny stares of death," Lindsay added. "His little ears flat, his nose twitching... planning Armageddon."

Before I could even contemplate a response, Lindsay stepped forward, touched my cheek, and then kissed me. It was a soft, languid kiss, a simple brushing of her lips across mine, but it was only the beginning. The warmth I encountered from the 18-year-old stunner was intoxicating and had my senses suddenly spiraling out of control in the most alluring way imaginable.

Lindsay's primal instincts took over and she deepened the kiss, simply because there was no reason not to. Sharp jolts of electricity began to shoot throughout me as I brought my right hand up to fully cradle her face, then brush it through her long-flowing, sumptuous blonde hair.

Lindsay knew exactly what she was doing, which buttons to press, to get me going. She kissed me with skilled precision as my limbs momentarily went weak with desire.

But soon, it was over.

When Lindsay withdrew her mouth from mine, Pamela took hold of my chin and moved my face so it was in line with hers. An instant later - before I could even breathe - Pamela was the one kissing me. I grasped the fabric of her t-shirt for some sort of stability at this unexpected turn of events.

"Hmmmmm," Lindsay moaned, eyeing us. "I love seeing the two of you together like this. Just make sure I'm invited and have a front row seat when you two get married, okay?"

More kissing. The most awesome type of kissing. Out of this universe kissing. As our lips danced, I closed my eyes, allowing myself to revel in the sensations alongside Pamela. Thankfully, all thoughts of bunny gremlins had vanished.

For now.

"I'm going to take his cock out and work on it for a bit while you have your fun with him," Lindsay told Pamela, which of course caused my eyes to nearly burst from their sockets. Was I about to have a threesome with the incredible Pamela Prescott and the irresistible Lindsay Anastacio?

"Just don't get too lost down there, honey," Pamela advised her, knowing that Lindsay had showed zero restraint thus far whenever my shaft was involved. It was as if she was addicted to it. "I want to help you suck on his cock, too."

Pamela moved in closer, wrapping her arms around my shoulders and then taking a seat upon my lap. She then placed her sweet mouth against the very spot under my ear that she knew never failed to cause hot shivers to run throughout me. I couldn't repress a little moan as my eyes closed and my skin sizzled in the aftermath. I brought both hands up to Pamela's large, exquisite breasts and pawed at them through her white t-shirt, feeling the solid, steady beat of her heart.

"Jeremy." Her intonation was so breathy, so spellbinding, that Pamela held me captive using nothing more than her voice. Seriously, I wanted to forever become lost in this woman and never find my way out. I wanted to marry her and spend the rest of eternity with her right beside me.

I leaned forward slowly, moving my lips closer to hers, seeking the pleasure I knew was there. But Pamela did not want to wait. Her mouth took mine fiercely, powerfully, her tongue exploring every recess. Pamela growled in response and she opened her mouth wider, hungrily, as if she couldn't get enough from me. The feeling was mutual.

My hands slid under her hips, lifting her, pulling her upward and tightly against me. The shameless intensity of the moment quadrupled a second later, though, when I felt a separate pair of hands tugging at my belt and trousers.

Sensing her girlfriend's own desire and hunger, Pamela stood up on her knees astride my hips in the chair, allowing Lindsay access to what she craved more than anything else in the whole, wide world. My belt went flying. Trousers and briefs were yanked down. When my erection popped out, alive and pulsing at attention, Lindsay wrapped her little, manicured hand around it and began briskly stroking.

"Suck that cock, baby," Pamela moaned at Lindsay, her mouth still smashed upon mine. "Oh, I know how much you want to. Suck it, make it yours. Just save some for me."

I growled like a madman and tilted my head back as I felt Lindsay's mouth envelop my cock like a vacuum. In an instant, she was bobbing up-and-down, her mouth giving me the wondrous pleasure I'd grown quite accustomed to from her, but hadn't received in six days. That was much too long of a wait, wasn't it? I glanced down and caught a glimpse of Lindsay's little blonde head furiously bouncing about as Pamela continued to assault and ravage me with kisses, literally claiming my soul in the process.

Yet again, it ended too soon.

Pamela broke the kiss and moved away from the chair, allowing Lindsay to take center stage for a moment. Lindsay shuffled a bit, finding the best angle and spot on her knees in front of me, then really went to town.

"I want you to gag on that cock," Pamela said, grasping Lindsay by the back of her head and pushing forward. She kept both hands there and aided with the bobbing motion as Lindsay began to pant and groan. "Do you like sucking Jeremy's cock?" Pamela taunted her. "You know he's going to be my husband one day, right? He belongs to ME. Oh... look at you playing with someone else's property. You like that, don't you, baby?" Pamela nodded her head and arousal flashed in her eyes. "I want you to choke on it, sweetie. Yeah, that's a good girl. Deep throat it! Just like Amy and I taught you..."

Lindsay's face was beaming with absolute desire, her blue eyes fixated on me, as I grasped the top of her head with my right hand. Now with a trio of hands dictating her movements, I glared down at her, her sweet lips stretched, struggling to take the width of my full erection inside.

"Aww yeah, Lindsay," I encouraged her, moaning myself. "Yeah, straight down. Straight down. Suck my cock. Look at me. Look at me. Yeah, there it is. Oh, those eyes! Take my cock down. That's it! Right there. Yeah... all the way down!"

But Lindsay was gasping for breath and needed a moment or two to gather herself, so she pulled away. Pamela seized the opportunity by quickly dropping to her knees alongside Lindsay and taking the very tip of my cock into her own mouth. I moved my hand to the back of Pamela's head, but kept my eyes fixated on Lindsay for the time being.

"Suck my balls," I instructed her. "Yeah, suck my balls, honey." Lindsay nudged downward just a tad and began to lick and slurp away on one of my testicles as Pamela used short, controlled head bobs on the tip of my shaft. "Oh my God," I then growled, seeing their lovely faces staring back up at me.

Pamela took more of me into her mouth, going deeper with each forward stroke, until her nose was nestled against my pubic bone. All the while, Lindsay was licking my scrotum and the underside of my testicles.

"Oh my God, Pamela!" Lindsay screeched. "You're the one who needs to gag on that cock! Take him balls deep, baby. Gag on it! I want to watch you do it!"

"Don't tell me how to suck a cock!" Pamela snapped at Lindsay, albeit with a playful tent in her voice. "You were a virgin a mere two weeks ago and still have a lot to learn." She grabbed a clump of Lindsay's hair and yanked on it. "Now get back to work."

"Fuck her mouth," Pamela told me, as I began to thrust my cock between Lindsay's glossy, pink lips. Just like that, Pamela's mouth had been replaced by Lindsay's. At the same time, Pamela got behind Lindsay and began unbuttoning the yellow blouse that she wore. In no time flat, the top was a memory. "C'mon Jeremy, fuck her mouth. Do it harder!"

I complied with Pamela's request, now placing my hands on either side of Lindsay's head and really thumping away at her. "Yeah!" I roared out in approval. "Yeah, that's it. Keep that mouth open, Lindsay. Take it down. Take it."

Pamela glared up at me. "You enjoy fucking little 18-year-old mouths, don't you, Jeremy?"

"I do..."

"You've been wanting to suck his cock SO BAD!" Pamela sneered at Lindsay, before glancing back my way. "You should have heard her after breakfast this morning, Jeremy. She couldn't stop going on about you, what she wanted to do with you today... kept asking me permission to be with you." My eyes stayed trained upon Lindsay as I drilled her mouth at varying speeds and depths now. She was starving for me.

Meanwhile, Pamela made quick work of the white bra Lindsay wore, rendering her topless. Lindsay was such an incredibly cute, little vixen, with a dynamite body and an insatiable appetite for cock. "I said Lindsay could have sex with you, but only if I could be there too and make it a threesome."

When Lindsay needed to catch her breath one more time, Pamela moved in again, devouring my cock with relative ease. Lindsay went back to slurping away on my scrotum while breathing in heavy, deep gasps.

Pamela's own head bobbed back-and-forth as Lindsay now extended her tongue, mixing the excess saliva between them, taking swipes at both my erection and her older lover's mouth. It felt incredible. But Pamela moved away, allowing Lindsay to go down on me again.

"Let's see you get face-fucked REALLY hard," Pamela proclaimed at her. "Oh, this is like you and I playing with the babysitter, isn't it, Jeremy? A little extra bonus for her?" On her knees behind Lindsay, Pamela reached around her head and used two fingers from each hand to pry that mouth open even wider, with my cock already inside. "Let's open you up, baby. Oooooh, I know how much you enjoy this. I know how much you enjoy Jeremy TAKING your mouth like this. Yeah, honey... get that cock all nice and wet. OPEN WIDE!"

"Fuck my mouth, please," Lindsay whimpered out, her eyes begging me as she stared into my face.

I stood up from the chair, giving myself greater control. I began to pound and thrust away at Lindsay's mouth with reckless abandon now, knowing full well it was what both women wanted. Pamela kept Lindsay's mouth pried apart to its absolute max with a pair of fingers from each hand.

"Oh, I think she likes it," Pamela then giggled, sliding her hands down and running them over and across Lindsay's taut breasts. "Her little nipples are hard." Pamela moved one hand back up and palmed my testicles as I kept jamming myself in-and-out of the barely legal teen's hot, amazing mouth.

Soon unable to withstand the erotic torment any further, I pulled out and watched as a long, thick stream of semen flopped out and landed on Lindsay's lips, up the side of her nose, all the way to her forehead. Then another blast erupted and coated her lips and eyes. Undaunted, Lindsay stared up at me expectantly, through the creamy mess in her eyes, as a third orgasmic burst of cum caught her cheek and neck.

Several smaller squirts, mostly onto her eyes and mouth, signaled the end as Lindsay squeezed me dry with her hand. She giggled with pure lust and happiness, her face covered with my warm, sticky release. God, what an amazing sight. And I needed a few minutes to collect my bearings.

"Clean me off, Pamela," Lindsay said. "With your mouth."

Pamela nodded with utter anticipation as she slowly lowered her face to Lindsay's. Still smiling and now making eye contact with me (of course), Pamela's soft, velvety tongue reached outward and carefully scooped a trail of thick, gooey semen from Lindsay's nose. Pamela played with the strand of cum for several seconds, letting it dangle from her tongue before putting it into its rightful place, her mouth. Then she slowly gathered another tongue-full of my cream from Lindsay's eyelid, swirling it about in her mouth for a long period of time before finally swallowing it down.
