 CHAPTER 18. "DISPERSE"

"Here baby... let me get that for you," Trish said to Lindsay, motioning for the innocent and docile 18-year-old to stay seated at the breakfast bar counter within the kitchen. I stood at the entranceway on the opposite side and watched as Trish scurried over to the utensil drawer and fetched a spoon. Then, she returned to Lindsay and gave it to her.

"I really hope you like it," Trish commented, as Lindsay used the spoon to take a sample taste of a banana split ice cream sundae. Trish seemed so worried that Lindsay was satisfied with the dessert she had prepared for her that she clasped both hands together and held them near her chin. Intrigued, I took a step further into the kitchen, although neither of the ladies were aware of my presence just yet.

After several seconds of indecision, Lindsay nodded her head and smiled up at Trish. "Hmmmmm... yummy. It tastes delicious, Trish. Thank you for making this!"

Trish clapped both hands together and even squealed with delight because Lindsay had given her a positive reaction.

Perhaps I was analyzing way too deep into this, but it seemed to me that Trish was only happy when Lindsay had a smile on her face. That was a good mindset to have - I was only happy when Pamela had a smile on her face as well - but Trish, it appeared, had taken things to a much greater extreme.

Just the tense, worried expression Trish displayed before Lindsay tried the ice cream sundae, to the look of sudden, absolute joy mere seconds later after being given a good answer was the barometer that I was using. In my eyes, at least, it was not healthy for Trish - or anyone else, for that matter - to be that dependent on making another person happy over something so trivial like an ice cream treat.

As Lindsay continued to enjoy the afternoon dessert, Trish wrapped both arms around the little sweetheart from behind and squeezed lovingly. She even burrowed the side of her face between Lindsay's shoulder blades and softly swooned, "You are so beautiful, baby. Hmmmmm... so beautiful."

Lindsay's reaction was, very simply, no reaction. All she did was continue to eat her banana split ice cream sundae as Trish poured all sorts of warmth and affection upon her. She then glanced at and tapped on her cell phone as if Trish wasn't even there. Suddenly, I remembered something Amy had said to me a week or so ago when I brought the subject of these two ladies up during a discussion.

"Trish is in love with Lindsay. Not the other way around."

I was starting to think that, perhaps, Amy's remarks had some merit. For the past couple of days, at least, Lindsay seemed detached and indifferent around Trish unless the Canadian was kissing her or having sex with her. If this truly was the case, what did Amy base her comment on? Was it something about their relationship that she inferred herself? Or did Lindsay tell Amy that directly?

Trish was looking for love, a bona-fide commitment, someone to settle down and spend the rest of her life with. Lindsay, it seemed, just wanted to have sex.

"Oh, hi Jeremy!" Trish exclaimed, full of her usual zest and energy, as she spotted me standing near the entranceway of the kitchen. As Lindsay turned and flashed a charming smile of her own, Trish motioned for me to come closer and join them. "Would you like an ice cream? Ice creams are my specialty. I can fix any type of ice cream you want."

"No, I'm fine, thank you," I responded, the thoughts of these two women and the true status of their relationship still dominating my mind. Unfortunately, it appeared as if Trish may have been headed toward a major fall. She LOVED Lindsay and was obviously entertaining thoughts of spending the rest of eternity with her. But Lindsay seemed to have a vastly different agenda and ideas. She wanted to be carefree and have fun while on the island, such as the wicked threesome she and I enjoyed with Pamela yesterday. There did not appear to be a middle ground for Trish and Lindsay.

"Are you sure you don't want some ice cream, Jeremy?"

"Yes, I'm sure." I'd been watching my calorie intake a lot here lately. "Thank you anyway."

Trish smiled and hugged Lindsay from behind once again, then pecked her on the cheek with a kiss. "After you finish your sundae, baby, how about you and I go back to the recreation room? We can play some more video games. I know how much you enjoy that Final Fantasy XV game. We must beat the final boss in Resident Evil 7, too."

Lindsay placed her spoon down and turned to look back at Trish. "I already have plans with Amy for today." Trish was crestfallen as Lindsay added, "I'm going to meet her at two o'clock and we're going to go horseback riding."

Trish's eyes narrowed. "Can I go with you?"

Lindsay glanced over at me, the look on her face conveying that she didn't want Trish to tag along and accompany them. "There are only two horses on the island, right Jeremy? Smokin' Satin Bars and Blakken?"

"Yes."

Lindsay turned her attention back toward Trish. "Jeremy and Kristanna said that me and Amy could borrow their horses and go riding throughout the forest. Only two horses..."

Trish was defeated. "Oh... okay."

My gut clenched and I felt sorry for Trish. Oh, I knew what she was feeling now. Her little baby had made plans for the day which did not involve her. I frowned as Trish took a step back, her expression empty and emotionless. She was hurt. I wanted to step forward and give her a hug so much right now, but obviously stayed still and held my ground.

"I don't see why two of you couldn't ride one of the horses at once." Hey, it was an idea on my part. But probably one that Lindsay (and Amy) had no interest in. "That way, all three of you could go out riding together."

Trish closed her eyes and sighed. "No... it's okay." After putting on a happy face which was not sincere, Trish kissed Lindsay on the cheek and murmured, "I really hope you and Amy have a good time together, baby." Trish's pretty mouth twitched as she added, "Maybe you and me can hook up after dinner. Want to play some video games then? We can play X-Box, X-Box 360 or PlayStation 4... whatever game you want. There are games on the computer, too."

"We can hook up after dinner, sure," Lindsay shrugged. Now, Trish appeared genuinely happy again. "But I rather not play video games," Lindsay added. "I want to play with Mr. Happy instead... if you know what I mean."

As the 30-year-old nodded her head and giggled in total agreement, I had a sudden flashback to their very first evening on the island nearly three weeks ago when I eavesdropped on Trish and Mr. Happy - a white vibrator, or magic wand. Clearly, Lindsay had since been introduced to Trish's joy-toy otherwise known as Mr. Happy. She wanted Trish to use it on her tonight!

"Mr. Happy?" I asked in a shrill tone, feigning ignorance.

"You don't want to know!" Trish giggled in response, blushing furiously. "Oh, dear... trust me!"

"Besides," Lindsay added, "I already beat the final boss in Resident Evil 7. I beat the game yesterday."

"You did?" Trish asked, surprised and clearly a little stung. Just like that, her cute blush was gone. "You played and defeated the game without me there? I thought you and I were team-mates when it came to..."

"Hey kiddo," Amy said to Lindsay, walking right past me and into the kitchen, and cutting Trish's words off in the process. Amy did give me a little wave of the hand, though, but her focus here was obviously Lindsay. "I thought that you and I would get an early start on our horseback ride." Amy glanced at her wristwatch. "'Tis one-o'clock. Kristanna has both of the horses ready for us over at the stables."

"Sounds great!" Lindsay gushed, already rising from the stool seat at the breakfast bar. "Let's go."

"Hey!" Trish exclaimed, causing Lindsay to hesitate and turn back toward her. "You didn't finish your ice cream..."

"Oh, I'm not really that hungry anyway," Lindsay mused, stepping toward Trish and kissing her on the cheek. "Thank you for the thought, though. It was nice."

"C'mon, squirt! We're gonna have a great time together." Amy grasped Lindsay's hand and gently tugged her away from Trish. As she then guided Lindsay out of the kitchen, Amy looked back and waved her hand about in a friendly manner. "Bye Trish. Bye Jeremy. Later gators..."

Once Lindsay was clearly gone from our view, Trish took a deep, ragged breath, then hung her head low. To me, it seemed demeaning the way Lindsay, for lack of a better term, just tossed Trish aside. Like she was nothing to her. Trish turned her back to me and picked up the spoon Lindsay had just been using. After inspecting it with her eyes for five seconds, Trish angrily threw the spoon into the nearby kitchen sink. The loud clanking noise it made as a result startled me.

"Hey... are you okay?" I asked, stepping toward her. When Trish turned to face me, there were tears in her eyes. I quickly closed the distance between us and placed both hands atop her shoulders. "Hey... what's wrong?"

Trying her best not to cry, Trish flailed her right hand up-and-down several times in succession. "L-Lindsay... I-I can't believe that she... she d-discarded me like that."

"Lindsay did not DISCARD you," I was lying - Lindsay did discard her - buy I wanted Trish to settle down "She just wanted to go out horseback riding with Amy. Both of them asked me before breakfast this morning if they could borrow our horses for a couple of hours. They had it planned. One thing that Lindsay absolutely loves is horseback riding."

"Oh, I know..." Trish sulked, hanging her head low again. Her eyes were red and puffy as she continued to struggle with her emotions "I just think... that... me and Lindsay should be... together. I want to be with h-her. The l-last few days it seems... it s-seems... oh... I don't know."

"I'd like to be with Pamela, Trish. Nothing more in the world makes me any happier than when she and I are together. But we don't try to monopolize each other's time." Trish glared at me with an angry look in her eyes as I went on, "I know that you are head-over-heels in love with Lindsay." Trish's expression changed to one of curiosity. "That... it's... it's so obvious. You love her. Everyone on the island knows it. Everyone talks about it every single day. You worship the ground she walks on."

"Lindsay is everything that I've ever wanted in a girl." The tears were starting to flow now. "I... I can't explain it. I know I've only known her for two weeks. Two weeks and five days. But I dreamed about it. I never thought I would find it. The absolute, PERFECT girl. But I did. Her hair, her eyes, her body, her voice... her attitude, personality, demeanor. I never thought I'd find the girl I had dreamed about for so long. Then... then I met Lindsay in Miami."

"Before you flew to Peru." Trish was so strong-willed and often brimming with confidence, and rarely slowed down to take a breath, but I'd never seen her quite like this before.

Hurt and vulnerable.

"If you find the ultimate, perfect girl, Jeremy, you HAVE to latch onto her." Trish's expression was full of pain. "I feel that way about Lindsay. You feel that way about Pamela, I'm sure. You cannot let the perfect girl get away!"

"Sweetheart, you are a LOT older than Lindsay is." I could not believe I had just said that. I had nine years on Trish myself! So what did that make me as it pertained to Lindsay and all of the time and energy I had spent on her?

Old enough to be Lindsay's father...

"I don't care how young Lindsay is!" Trish argued. "Fuck, Jeremy! I love her! And I want to be with her!" Trish shook her head. "Camille was feeding me that same line of BULLSHIT just the other day." Woah. This was not the Trish Sinclair I'd come to know and admire. "I'm 12 years older than Lindsay. 30 to 18. Big fucking deal! When I'm 70, Lindsay will be 58. Do you think that's a big age difference? No, you don't. But because we're younger, everyone wants to jump on me about our ages. First Camille and now you, Jeremy." Glaring at me, Trish folded both arms in front of her and took a step back. She was boiling with anger because of what I'd said to her!

"I'm not trying to tell you how to live your life." My top priority here was to get Trish to settle down. I surely didn't want her to be angry with me. She and I had gotten along so incredibly well thus far. Sure, every time I tried getting close her with I was rebuffed, it seemed, but we still got along fine. "I think it's wonderful that you love and care so deeply for Lindsay. I just don't want to see you get hurt, Trish. That's all. Lindsay is a LOT younger than you are. She just lost her virginity what... two weeks ago. Point is, I don't think Lindsay wants the same things out of life right now that you do."

"What do you mean?"

"I don't think Lindsay wants to settle down and enter into any sort of commitment." When was the last time that I, of all people, was the voice of reason when it came to dating and relationships? Hell, I'd been out of the loop for so long that Trish had probably forgot more about relationships than I knew. Usually, I was on the receiving end of a discussion like this. "In fact, I guarantee she doesn't. Lindsay told me that herself. I know for a fact that she also told you the same thing, Trish. She has zero interest in a long-term commitment."

Trish was turning into a hot mess before me, and fast. Oh, she was in a bad way. All of this was very upsetting to her. "I heard Lindsay talk about that before. But I'm hoping that if I treat her well... if I... if I show her how much I love her, and how happy I could make her... she will change her mind." Just looking at Trish right now made my stomach hurt. Her eyes were bloodshot and had dark crescents beneath them. She wiped the excess tears from her eyes and added, "You can constantly reach for the stars, Jeremy, but maybe just once in your lifetime do you actually have a chance to grab one. I got my star now. It's Lindsay." I gulped my throat. "I have no plans to let her go... let her slip away from me."

"I don't want to see you get hurt. You're hurt now, Trish. You're crying."

She stepped away from me and whined, "I'm only hurt now because I went to all that trouble with the ice cream, but Lindsay treated it like it was nothing and went with Amy. Amy is a BAD influence on Lindsay. A BAD influence!"

"Lindsay and Amy are friends. They live just miles apart in the Cincinnati area. They have a lot in common. Lindsay is young. She wants to explore." Trish was pouting at me now. She didn't particularly care for what I was saying to her. So, I tried a different route. "May I give you some advice?"

"Sure."

"If you want Lindsay to feel the same for you that you do for her, then... then don't suffocate her. I want to spend all my time with Pamela, Trish. I really do. I wish I could be with her 24 hours a day. I... I want to suffocate her. But I won't. I can't. There are times when I keep a distance from Pamela. Not because I want to, but because it is healthy for our relationship." I doubt Pamela would enjoy me following her around like a puppy. "Point is, Trish, if you take every minute of someone's life and try to make it your own, it will only lead to you getting hurt and a broken heart in the end. You need to give the girl her space.""

"I spend time away from Lindsay," Trish insisted, defiant. "I go to the central room and spar with Kristanna every day."

"That only lasts for a short time," I told her. "The rest of the day, you are Lindsay's shadow." Unless Lindsay decided to take the day off from Trish, as she told Pamela and I yesterday. Now, I understood what Lindsay had meant. "Give her some space, Trish. Give her room to breathe. Maybe she will... maybe one day, Lindsay will feel the same for you as you do her."

"No one could make that girl happier than me. NO ONE! I don't think my life is complete unless she is a part of it!"

"Trish!..." I pleaded with her.

"Just to know that Lindsay is off right now having fun with Amy instead of me... that hurts me inside! It fucking hurts!" Oh, no. Trish was becoming louder and even more emotional. "Amy doesn't care about Lindsay one bit! Amy is nothing but a bad influence on Lindsay! A TERRIBLE influence!" Trish became even more unruly as she added, "Amy does all sort of nasty things to her when you're not looking, Jeremy!"

The BDSM games, yes. But to me, that was between Lindsay and Amy, and all of it seemed consensual. It was not my place to step in as long as everything was agreed upon. "Honey, you need to settle down. Please, settle down."

Trish huffed, but then seemed to get a grip on herself. "Jeremy, have you ever loved someone so much that you felt completely out of control, eh? So out of control that others around you didn't understand how strong and intense your feelings were? So out of control that you made yourself look totally irrational? Even like an idiot?"

"I never said or even implied that you are an idiot," were my words. "I just wish you would take a step back. I don't believe that Lindsay wants the same things in life that you do right now, Trish. The more you obsess over that girl, the more you're going to be hurt if, one day, Lindsay tells you something that you don't want to hear. I DID NOT bring ANY of you here for these six weeks to suffer a broken heart. That is the LAST thing I want to have happen to ANY of you."

"I am not obsessed with Lindsay." Oh, but she was... big time. "I love her. Obsession is bad. Love is good." Trish hesitated for a moment before adding, "I appreciate your concern for me, Jeremy. I really do. But please... let me live my life. I think there is the potential of something really special for me and Lindsay down the road. If I'm wrong, I'll deal with it on my own terms. I've been hurt before and dealt with it."

"But have you ever been crushed before?" It was a valid question because that's exactly where she was headed with Lindsay. "There's a difference. You said it yourself. Your feelings for Lindsay are out of control. You are not just going to get hurt, Trish. You're going to get crushed if she does not choose to be with you in the end. I don't want that. No one on this island wants to see you get hurt."

"Lindsay is a smart girl. Once she realizes that no one would ever love her more than me, or treat her any better than I would, she'll come around." Trish sniffed her nose. "I know she will. Lindsay will belong to me and I will belong to her."

I shook my head. This was like talking to a brick wall! "What happens if you're wrong? What happens if Lindsay tells you NO? How are you going to deal with that?"

"She won't," Trish said, acting defiant. "She won't..."

* * *

My eyes widened with delight as I saw Devon approaching me, wearing a yellow bikini thong and a hot pink hoodie that didn't quite cover the luscious, tanned expanse that led to her round hips. Devon was slender and curvaceous, with golden hair and ripe, full breasts pressing against the partially unzipped hoodie.

"Krissy and I are headed out to the water on our surfboards," Devon offered, her hood up, little wisps of blonde hair flowing out and casting shadows on her enchanting face. It really highlighted those big, bliss-blue eyes of hers. "Would you like to come with us, Jeremy?"

"I'll be over eventually."

Devon smiled, sliding back her hood to reveal her full mane of platinum-blonde hair. She unzipped her hoodie very slowly, allowing me the opportunity to admire the amazing spectacle, only to reveal a bikini top so small and skimpy that it seemed her overflowing breasts would just burst from it at any moment. The afternoon sun was blazing and I was already feeling a bit light-headed. My body shivered and shook at the sight of Devon in her favorite, yellow two-piece bikini.

