 CHAPTER 19. "PROTECT"

"That was excellent! Good job!" Kristanna said to Devon in that sultry, exotic accent of hers, as the two lovely ladies were seated across from each other in the front room of the estate. As always, I kept both my eyes and ears on them via the monitor here inside the voyeur room. "We'll try something a bit different now, Devvy. Are you ready, baby?"

"Go for it," Devon nodded, full of confidence.

"God dag," Kristanna spoke, in Norwegian.

"Morn," Devon returned, using the same language.

"Hvordan g†r det?"

"Bare bra, takk."

Kristanna smiled. "Hva heter du?"

"Jeg heter Devon Weaver."

Kristanna raised an eyebrow. "Hvor gammel er du?"

"Jeg er sytten."

Kristanna laughed and patted Devon upon the shoulder. "You are progressing nicely with me language, honey, but you still have a lot more to learn." Devon looked at Kristanna with a quizzical expression until she explained, "When I asked how old you are, you said sytten. That means 17."

Devon giggled and brought a hand to her mouth. "Oh! I am still struggling with the numbers. Let me think... was I supposed to say tjuesyv instead?"

"You got it!" Kristanna grinned. "Tjuesyv translates to 27 in the English language. As I have told Jeremy many times in the past, the English language is the INFERIOR language!" She laughed - Kristanna was just so jovial - and continued, "But I guess you were close by saying sytten. At least it ended with a seven. I will give you a brownie point for that."

"I'd prefer a kiss," Devon swooned.

"You get that, too," Kristanna nodded, quickly pressing her lips to Devon's mouth for a wondrous exchange of tongues. The pair of ladies kissed each other for a good 30 seconds, their tongues jousting together between their conjoined mouths. Just watching them like this from the comfort of my voyeur room was enough to give me a full-blown erection. I could watch Kristanna and Devon kiss each other all day long. It was a truly intoxicating sight.

"Let me try saying something to you that is out of our dialogue lesson," Kristanna mused, once their fervid kiss was finally broken. "Let us see if you know what it means. Hmmmmm... here goes. Hvor mye er klokka?

Devon hesitated, but then frowned and looked at Kristanna with empty eyes. "I have no idea what that means... sorry."

"I asked what time it is," Kristanna informed her. "To be precise and specific, I asked, What is the time? Hvor mye er klokka? Since it is 11 o'clock in da morning, Devvy, what you could have said back to me was, Klokka er elleve om morgenen. That would be the same as saying It is 11 in the morning."

"I'm having trouble with the placement of words in some sentences," Devon confessed. "Sometimes, words seem like they belong at the end of a sentence, but actually are at the very beginning. Then, that same word could be at the end of another sentence, but really seems as if it belongs at the beginning. You know what I mean? Some words really seem out of place in some sentences... if you can understand."

"That is probably the most difficult and troubling aspect of the Norwegian language for beginners to learn," Kristanna said. "Once you catch on, though, it will come pretty quick. You can trust me on that. The computer disk that I gave you will help you learn the language rapidly, too. Just keep learning from the program like you have been the past few days."

Although I enjoyed eavesdropping on the language lesson that Kristanna was giving to Devon, something else suddenly caught my eye here in the voyeur room. In one of the guest bedrooms, it appeared as if Lindsay and Amy were prepared to engage in yet another BDSM session. Very interested in what may transpire between them, I flipped the audio on for the suite and transferred the video feed to the big monitor in front of me. This looked most promising...

Lindsay, who was dressed in a little G-string and bra, with a leather submissive collar (and an accompanying chain (leash)) secured around her throat, squealed as Amy offered her taut ass a hard swat and then pointed toward the other side of the room. Instead of waiting for her to follow orders, Amy simply grabbed the opposite end of the leash and literally dragged Lindsay across the room.

"Owwwww!" Lindsay cried in discomfort, tugging at the leather collar around her neck. "That hurts!"

"C'mon sweetie," Amy chirped once they reached the bed. "Why don't you get down on your knees?" Using the leash, Amy gave Lindsay a healthy tug downward.

"Ouch!" the 18-year-old whined as she fell to her knees.

"Ohhhhh..." Amy swooned in mock empathy, leaning over and gazing into her girlfriend's eyes. "Is that hurting you?"

"Yeah..." Lindsay struggled out.

"Oh honey... I don't want to hurt you." With that, Amy yanked on the leash harder than before. Lindsay grunted in response, naturally, before Amy took a seat on the very edge of the bed. Dressed in a bra and G-string herself, along with a pair of high-heels, Amy looked downright fabulous. She held onto the leash and pulled Lindsay, who was still on her knees, closer to her. The look in Amy's green eyes was evil, wicked. "Do you know what you are gonna do for me first?"

"What?" Lindsay panted.

Amy brought a high-heeled foot up and rested it upon the suitcase laying on the floor beside Lindsay. "Oh... I think you need to worship my feet."

"Your... feet?" Lindsay asked, her tone incredulous.

"Yes, my beautiful feet," Amy confirmed. "Why don't you start off by kissing my toes?"

The erection I received earlier while watching Kristanna and Devon kiss each other began to pulse within my shorts as Lindsay immediately complied with Amy's demand by leaning over and pressing her pink, lush lips to those toes. With her toes exposed even with the spiked high-heels on, Amy wiggled them about and smiled with devilish glee.

"Oh, there you go," Amy encouraged her, as Lindsay's lips slid over and across the glossy red polish of her toenails. "Aren't my feet beautiful?"

"Yes."

"Uh huh... that's it. Good answer."

"Want me to keep going?"

"Uh huh," Amy nodded. "You can keep doing that."

Lindsay moved her lips from Amy's toes to the top half of her foot and began both kissing and sucking the sensitive, delicate flesh there. Amy, of course, seemed to enjoy this.

"I like how that feels." Suddenly, however, Amy's mood changed. She gave the metal leash another hard tug and snapped, "I didn't tell you to start licking it!" Lindsay squealed in discomfort as Amy scolded her, "You wait for me to give you orders. Do you understand that?"

"Yeah..." Lindsay murmured, again grabbing at her collar. It must have really been irritating around her neck. I am certain that Amy had it on her all snug and tight.

"Take my shoe off," Amy demanded, extending her left leg.

Lindsay placed both hands upon the black high-heel, but seemed to struggle with trying to get it off for the next five seconds. Needless to say, Amy grew very impatient.

"Can't you do anything right?"

Lindsay, who still had not gotten the shoe off, spoke back in a timid tone, "Your feet are sweaty."

"What? WHAT?" Amy pulled rather harshly on the leash and brought Lindsay's head just inches from her face. She placed a forceful hand upon Lindsay's chin and demanded, "What did you say?"

"I said your feet are sweaty."

"Oh, I don't think that's the correct attitude for you," Amy sniped, rising to her feet. She pulled Lindsay's chin upward, arching her neck in the process, and looked at her right in the eyes. "You know what? You need to watch your mouth." Amy grabbed a healthy handful of Lindsay's blonde hair and yanked her head to the side. "You little slut! Do you know what you do with your mouth? You do what I tell you to do with it. You don't SASS back to me. You understand?"

"Yes," Lindsay struggled to say.

"So you're gonna hold your tongue from now on?" Amy asked, grasping Lindsay by the jaw and squeezing harshly.

"Yes."

"Yes Mistress," Amy corrected her.

"Yes Mistress," Lindsay conceded.

Amy pushed Lindsay's head back and sat down. "Okay, slut. Now take my shoe off."

This time, Lindsay had no problems at all as she unbuckled Amy's high-heeled shoe and tossed it elsewhere. She cupped that foot with both hands and began worshiping it again.

"Yeah... start kissing it," Amy grinned. Lindsay went from toe to toe until Amy said, "Start sucking now, too. Hmmmmm... that feels good. That's a good place for you, Lindsay - on the floor in front of me, worshiping my feet. You seem so at home." Suddenly, four of Amy's five toes were jammed inside Lindsay's mouth. Amy tried to push her foot in even deeper, which caused Lindsay to momentarily gag. "Oh... are you choking?" Amy exclaimed. "You choking?" Amy pulled her left foot from Lindsay's mouth and leaned down and looked at her menacingly. "Were you choking?"

"Yes..."

"Oh, too bad." Amy took a seat upon the bed and thrusted her foot right back into Lindsay's mouth. "Put my toes in your mouth," she directed her. "You're missing a toe... get all of them in there." Lindsay seemed to gag again, but began sucking and licking Amy's foot once all five of those slender, pretty toes were deeply embedded within her mouth.

"There you go," Amy smiled in triumph. "You are so lucky to be able to do that. You're so lucky to be able to kiss me on my beautiful feet. You know that?"

Suddenly, Amy yelped in pain.

"HEY!" She pulled her foot out of Lindsay's mouth and violently yanked on the leash. "YOU POPPY SLUT! Did you bite my toes? You... you bit my toes?"

"Yes," Lindsay answered, short of breath.

"You did it on purpose?"

"Yes."

"You dumb, little whore!" Amy exclaimed, tackling Lindsay to the floor and pinning her shoulders there. "What are you thinking? WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?" Amy placed a hand to Lindsay's throat and warned her in a serious tone of voice, "I'm gonna teach you a good lesson!"

Moments later, I had my cock out and was busy stroking it in the open air with my right hand. Definitely, no one could deny the fact that I had ample reason to do just this.

"Owwwww!" Lindsay pined, leaning over the edge of the bed, as a strap came crashing down upon her upturned ass.

Amy, who was wielding the leather strap with her right hand, had quite the devious look upon her face as she offered Lindsay's tight, little ass another hard swat. "Does that hurt?"

"Uh huh," Lindsay answered, her eyes clenched.

"I need to teach you and your sassy mouth how to talk to me, and how to behave," Amy told her. "You need to learn your lesson. I won't stop whipping you until you do."

Lindsay glanced back at Amy with a half-smile upon her face. "Give me what you got."

"I will," Amy promised, as she peppered Lindsay's ass with a series of swift, unrelenting blows. "Oh, those hurt you... didn't they? They hurt?" Grunting, Lindsay nodded her head in return. "Oh, you poor thing." Amy belted her ass again. "Is your ass stinging? Is it stinging?"

"Not really," Lindsay replied, wanting to be defiant.

"Not really?" Amy asked, surprised. She proceeded to blast Lindsay's ass even harder than before, which brought a loud, sharp squeal from the young, erstwhile teen-ager. Amy pelted her again, saying, "You like that, huh?"

"Yeah..."

"Good, I'll do it some more." Amy did just that, giving that sweet ass her own special brand of discipline, but soon grabbed Lindsay's leash and again pulled her from the bed. "I got something even better in mind now," Amy said, taking a seat upon the edge of the bed and facing Lindsay. She slipped out of her sexy, black G-string and insisted, "Get down on your knees and lick my pussy."

Amy placed both hands behind her upon the bed and used them for support as she reclined back and spread her lush, creamy thighs. Lindsay needed no further coaxing as she knelt downward and moved her mouth in close for a taste. Lindsay began to feast away upon Amy's pussy, which brought a great deal of pleasure to the feisty red-head.

"You like that?" Amy asked, now reaching forward with her right hand and grasping the back of Lindsay's head. She jammed Lindsay's face in even tighter against her pussy and snapped, "Come on, do it better. Use your tongue more!" Amy placed both hands upon either side of Lindsay's face and pushed it away from the silken joining of her thighs. "Do you know how lucky you are to be able to lick my pussy?"

"Uh huh," Lindsay nodded, her tongue swirling.

"Look at you lick my pussy," Amy grinned, using her right hand to yank and pull on Lindsay's hair. "You lick pussy like a hungry, little whore. You ARE a little whore." Amy began to vibrate about with obvious pleasure. "Hmmmmm... you nasty blonde slut. HMMMMM... yeah!" Once Lindsay tore her face away from Amy's thighs and gasped several times in a row, the 30-year-old shot a hard, piercing gaze down at her. "Ohhhhh you poor thing... are you out of breath?"

"Uh huh," Lindsay stammered.

"I don't care," Amy hissed, now using both hands as she jammed Lindsay's face upon her intoxicating muff. "You will keep licking my pussy until I tell you to stop." Lindsay made a series of hot, throaty growls as she did her best to satisfy Amy. But once the vixen made eye contact with her, Amy had a new idea in mind. "Take my bra off, Slutsay."

Lindsay reached up with both hands and literally ripped Amy's silky, black bra from her chest. Now, Amy didn't have any complaints as Lindsay took the initiative by attaching her lips to one of those plump, juicy nipples. She eagerly sucked and slurped away on it, which caused Amy to tilt her head back and sigh in utter pleasure. A lot of heavy breathing was coming from both ladies right now, too.

"Yeah, get my nipple hard," Amy instructed her, before yanking Lindsay's head toward her opposite breast. "Now the other one. Get that nipple hard, too." Lindsay did what she was instructed to do, but soon Amy positioned her face between her thighs once more. "Lick my pussy again."

Again, Lindsay was very eager to dive right into the delights of Amy's pussy. She extended her tongue and gave it a blistering series of long, quick swipes, which brought even more satisfaction to the domineering red-head. Soon, Lindsay added a finger to the mix and began to forcefully jam it in-and-out of Amy's pussy at a blinding rate of speed. Then, her tongue began to concentrate upon Amy's little nub of a clitoris. Still stroking, I was about to go out of my mind with voyeuristic passion. This was too much...

"Doesn't that taste good?" Amy asked, as Lindsay was now stabbing her tongue in-and-out of those moist, swollen lips. "You better fuck me harder with that finger! Come on... fuck me harder with that finger, bitch! YEAH! Fuck my pussy. Fuck it harder!" Amy moaned out in pure desire and moaned, "Oh... I've taught you well. I think you'll be in for a BIG surprise today. A VERY big surprise! I know that you'll enjoy it, but you need to know your place."

"I could lick your pussy all day long!" Lindsay squealed, her extended tongue a blur as it wielded its magic.

"Each time you lick my pussy, you do it better than the last time!" Amy offered the leash another healthy tug and clamored, "You rancid whore. Have you been licking pussy again? Been practicing? A pussy other than mine?"

"Pa-Pamela," Lindsay moaned.

"What have you been doing with Pamela?"

"I had sex with Pamela and Jeremy two days ago in one of the office rooms upstairs," Lindsay managed to say, again appearing uncomfortable because Amy was pulling on the leash. "I asked Pamela earlier in the day if I could have sex with Jeremy and she said I could, but only if she was involved too. Pamela and Jeremy did me so good... and hard. I loved it..."

"Whore! Bitch! Slut!" Amy seemed to explode in a rage of sexual anger as she grabbed Lindsay by the face and gave her a nasty shove. Lindsay nearly toppled over onto her side, but looked up at Amy with an expectant leer in her blue eyes. Obviously, Lindsay enjoyed this rough treatment...

"Little cocksucking slut! Who else have you been FUCKING around with? You belong to me, now. If you want to suck Jeremy's cock or lick Pamela's pussy, maybe it's time that you start getting PERMISSION from me first. Or anyone else! Do you understand that, Slutsay?"

"I'll suck Jeremy's cock and lick Pamela's pussy if I want to," she responded, again being defiant. "You can't stop me."

"Is that so?" Amy snapped, staying in her Dominatrix mode. "You little, sassy slut. All you want to do is talk back to me, but you're going to regret it in the end. Yes, you will regret it." The sweet and precocious 18-year-old, for some odd reason, seemed upset with Amy, who nonetheless had another order in mind for her. "Do something constructive with that sassy mouth of yours for a change." Amy stood up and turned around, then reached back with both hands and smashed Lindsay's face between her asscheeks.

"Lick it."

"Lick it?" Lindsay muffled, a squeamish look upon her face.

"DO IT!"

An instant later - as if on impulse - Lindsay was slurping away at Amy's tight, puckered anus with her soft, velvety tongue. Amy leaned all the way over at the waist and jutted her ass in Lindsay's face to give her a better angle. At the same time, Lindsay re-inserted her finger into Amy's pussy and began thrusting away in quite the feverish manner.

"Yeah... fuck my pussy and lick my ass! Fuck my pussy and lick my ass!" Soon, Amy's cries and screams were so loud that they seemingly raised the roof off the guest bedroom. "You like licking my ass, don't you? DON'T YOU? Yeah... that's it. Lick it. Lick it like a lollipop!"

When Amy clutched her own breasts with both hands and arched her back, I could tell that she was extremely close to having an orgasm. Obviously, Lindsay sensed this as well. Her probing tongue was joined by a trio of fingers. She was going to finish Amy off by thrusting them into her ass.

"OH YEAH... OH GOD YOU SLUT!" Amy whined. "OH GOD... THAT FEELS SO GOOD! OHHHHH... FUCK! SO FUCKING GOOD!"

Amy thrusted her ass even harder upon Lindsay's face as the orgasmic juices simply flowed from deep within her hot, swollen pussy. She cried and screeched out in her release. Lindsay lapped all of it up, eagerly sucking and swallowing down that sweet, scrumptious nectar.

Amy turned around and eyed Lindsay, who, of course, was still in full submissive mode - on her knees with both hands clasped together behind her back. "Do you like it when Jeremy takes that big cock of his and fucks you with it?"

Lindsay simply nodded in response.

"I got what you need, then," Amy said, reaching back with her left hand and pulling a gigantic strap-on dildo out from underneath one of the pillows. Lindsay's pretty eyes seemed to flash with pure arousal as Amy dangled the crude object in front of her. "This is what you need! Get on the bed and get on your back! That's where a slut like you belongs! Open your legs for Mommy like a good, little girl."

Lindsay did what she was told. She promptly climbed up and onto the bed, then rolled over onto her back. After disposing of her own G-string, the nubile, the young blonde spread her legs wide in anticipation. Amy, meanwhile, stood up and secured the massive dong around her waist by buckling its straps into place. When she was ready, Amy stepped forward and nudged the dildo's big, black head upon the entrance to Lindsay's pretty, little pussy.

"This is what you need and Mommy's gonna give it to you," Amy said, as she then inserted the nasty object between Lindsay's waiting, willing folds. "I don't really care if you like this or not, Slutsay. The only thing that matters is what I like. And... let me tell you, Mommy Amy LOVES to corrupt sassy, little BRATS like you." Lindsay began to wail and moan out her own hot passion as Amy soon mounted her in the missionary position. Then, in a torrid flash, Amy's hips were thrusting away like mad, humping and pumping Lindsay's pussy with excessive force.
