 CHAPTER 21. "REVELATION"

Pain.

Anguish. Grief. Sorrow. Heartache. Sadness. Misery.

Decimation.

As I lay in bed on this Sunday evening all hunched over and curled up on my side, those horrible feelings listed above (and many more just like them) were running rampant throughout my mind. A good two hours after Pamela had stormed out of my suite once she learned of the voyeur room and its existence, the words she'd left me with were still echoing loudly in my ears. Not only did Pamela demand that I never speak to her again, but she called me just about every nasty, derogatory name in the book because I'd been eavesdropping on her and all the other ladies since their arrival three weeks ago. My secret was out and, by now, most likely public news. I'm sure the island with buzzing with it.

But the worst thing of all was that Pamela also insisted that I send her home - back to Maryland - at the absolute earliest possible opportunity. Like, first thing in the morning. She wanted off the island and me out of her life, permanently. Pamela said that she was going to pack her belongings and demanded to be on an airline flight back to the United States by no later than noon tomorrow.

"I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!" Those were her final words as she stomped off in a mad rage down the hallway.

I was under the impression that Pamela and I had something extremely special together which had the real possibility of lasting for not only a lifetime, but all of eternity as well. I wanted to take care of her. I felt that natural instinct to want to love her and protect her even though I knew she could completely handle herself on her own.

The thought of being with Pamela for the rest of my life didn't scare me one bit. I'd already given up the idea of exploring other alternatives. Sure, with the way things were here on the island, I'd hook up with someone like Lindsay or Amy from time to time, but I didn't think of myself as being single anymore. I could see this woman in my life for... basically... ever. Pamela Prescott was perfect. What else would any other girl have that she doesn't have or already do better?

Alas, all the happiness we could've shared in the future was not going to happen. Any chance that Pamela and I had at a bona-fide relationship was now squashed. And I had no one to blame for it except myself.

It was all my fault.

Just like all my other numerous failures in life.

I'd been sprawled across my bed here in my personal suite for the past two hours. I felt so incredibly hurt; beyond devastated, even. My stomach was in a severe amount of discomfort because I'd spent a large portion of those two hours crying my eyes out like an upset toddler. I wanted to find the highest cliff and jump off it. My stomach hurt so much that I was clutching it as I lay on my side. I believed that I was past the crying stage, but felt the same way ten minutes ago before another fit started. 

Everything was ruined.

Pamela was undoubtedly the woman that I'd been searching my entire life for. She was incredibly ladylike and witty, but also friendly, warm-hearted, caring and very loving. Pamela's awe-inspiring physical attributes and cover-girl face were an extra attraction for me - but certainly not the only reason why I found her so appealing. The way that Pamela looked was icing on top of an already delicious cake.

It also seemed - at least to me - that Pamela and I went together like bread and butter. Salt and pepper. Steak and a baked potato. The woman, very simply, made me smile. Whether we were hiking in the forest or enjoying a movie in the theater room, Pamela made me really, really happy. Communication was easy because I could laugh and be silly around her. I felt safe and comfortable sharing my emotions with Pamela, even my past - dark and sordid as it was.

My life was better with her in it. Picturing having a family with Pamela was a no-brainer because I knew she'd be an awesome mom. Plus, she was loyal. I trusted her implicitly and knew, when the time came, Pamela would be faithful to me. She could go on a girls trip to Europe for ten days straight and I knew there'd be nothing for me to worry about.

I thought everything between us was just right and progressing to even greater heights with each passing day. But when the truth about the biggest secret I'd held back from sharing with Pamela - the voyeur room - reared its ugly head, everything changed. Oh, did it ever.

Pamela's impression of me now was that I was a sick and demented pervert who got his rocks off by spying on unknowing women with the help of hidden video cameras. Really, I could not argue with that viewpoint. I had no defense. How could I possibly deny that what I'd been doing for the past couple of weeks was not sick and demented?

In all likelihood, Pamela looked at me in an even lesser light than the hundreds of thousands of nameless, faceless customers she'd degraded herself to in a Baltimore area strip club for the past 11 years. Knowing how little she thought of the common patron at the strip club where she was employed, Pamela could very well think of and view me as a billion times worse than any of them now.

And she had every reason to.

But the verbal firestorm and beat-down that Pamela brought forth upon me may have very well just been the beginning. It wouldn't surprise me one bit if all the other guests who Kristanna and I had brought here - Trish, Devon, Lindsay, Amy and Camille - knew about the voyeur room now as well. I could easily envision Pamela telling all of them about my nasty, little secret. Who could blame her if she chose to do just that? Was there any reason for her not to tell them?

Crazy as this may sound, but I believed many of things I just said about Pamela could easily pertain to Amy Zeitler as well. If certain things were different and the roles had been reversed, I don't believe I could've gone if wrong I pursued a relationship with Amy instead. Not saying I wanted to, mind you, but I thought that Amy and I went well together.

But, any chance I had with Amy was most likely shattered now as well. I was certain Pamela had told her - as well as everyone else - about the voyeur room. All was ruined.

What about Trish? Trish and I had been getting along wonderfully as of late. She and I could hold a very long, insightful conversation and seemed to be on the cusp of a true friendship. As I've said in the past, what a cool chick.

But Trish would surely not approve of me eavesdropping on her private moments and discussions with the others. How would Trish react if she knew that I liked to frig my cock while secretly watching her masturbate with Mr. Happy - her treasured magic wand/vibrator? I think it's safe to assume that the news it would disgust her.

Devon? Lindsay? Camille? I could see it now. All six of the ladies were gathering the pitchforks from the garden shed outside, as well as any other weapon or sharp object they could find. Soon, they'd burst through my door and, in a display of extreme (but justified) vengeance, shred me to within an inch of my life. If so, I would deserve it.

Like everything else in my life, I'd failed.

I'd finally found the ultimate woman - Pamela - who seemed intent on committing herself to the idea of a life-long relationship with me. But, just like everything else in my life, I'd screwed it up. I flopped. I failed. I took what had been an ideal, dream scenario - a once in a lifetime opportunity - and absolutely ruined it. Unfortunately, that seemed to be a recurring theme for me throughout my 39 years on this planet.

Failure.

I was going to spend the rest of my life all alone - in total misery. Perhaps this was my true destiny after all. To be an outcast from society who never knows happiness...

* * *

Still lying in my suite (and feeling quite miserable), I was so startled that I twitched and sat up when I felt a presence on the mattress behind me. I quickly turned around to get a glimpse of who had paid me this surprise visit. It was Kristanna, who was cradling one of her beloved animals here on the island - Bow Wow Meow (a cat) - in her arms.

"Hi Jeremy," she greeted me, her voice quiet and sullen.

I tried to wipe away the excess of tears which had settled and dried on my face. Although I was not the type of man who considered himself to be above crying, I didn't want anyone - especially a beautiful woman - to see me in such a weakened, vulnerable state of mind. On the other hand, Kristanna had watched me cry a time or two in the past. She'd joke and call me Wendy Weeper afterwards when my emotions got the better of me. So this was really nothing new to her. Still, I never felt comfortable when she saw me like this. "What are you doing here?" I asked, upset.

Kristanna placed Bow Wow Meow upon my shoulder and said, "I brought you a little pussy to help cheer you up." When it was obvious that her attempt at humor was unsuccessful - I wasn't in the laughing mood - Kristanna cradled the frisky feline and then set it down upon the floor. Bow Wow Meow slinked off toward his favorite cat tree as Kristanna looked at me and frowned. "I heard what happened, Jeremy."

"Yeah?" I grunted. "What did you hear?"

Kristanna took a deep breath. "I was just talking to Pamela for the past half-hour. Actually... she was screaming at me. Pamela is horribly upset. She is just as mad at me as she is at you because I knew all about the voyeur room, too. Pamela even accused me of being a co-conspirator with you." A tear streaming down her face, Kristanna reached out and touched my arm with her right hand. "You okay, baby?"

Was I okay? _Fuck no_, I wasn't okay.

"I was talking to Pamela," Kristanna repeated. "She told me what happened. Pamela is, as I mentioned, horribly upset. She almost blew up when I told her that I knew all about the voyeur room, too. But I have a feeling, Jeremy. Give Pamela a little time and she'll come to her senses and realize that you do nothing wrong with the voyeur room. She was absolutely frantic; speculating that there are live feeds of all the girls on the Internet. That you sell clips of them for profit. I told her that no one sees those video feeds except you and I." Kristanna shook her head and continued, "Pamela loves you, Jeremy. Once she settles down and regains her composure, I think that I'll be able to have a peaceful discussion with her about the voyeur room. I will set her straight."

I chuckled in a bitter manner and shook my head. "If Pamela loves me, then why is our relationship over?"

"It's not over," Kristanna insisted. "Pamela is angry right now, Jeremy. Mad. She just needs time to cool off."

"Of course it's over!" I exclaimed, the anger and rage slowly building within me. "I have a snowball's chance in HELL of EVER getting back with Pamela! Not only Pamela, but Devon too! Trish! Lindsay! Amy! Even Camille! By now, I'm certain that Pamela has told all of them about the voyeur room. They are all probably planning on what way to maim and disfigure me as we speak! I ruined everything, Kristanna!"

I toppled over onto my side and buried my face in the pillow. Suddenly, I found it difficult to hold back a new batch of tears while saying, "What am I going to do, Krissy? I fi-finally find someone who seems to accept me for who I am, but I ruin it. I fucking RUIN it!" A tear escaped from my right eye and dripped onto the pillow beneath me. I was this close from going off the deep end. "It really just m-makes me start to realize that I'm never going to be happy in l-life. I'll spend the rest of my days all alone on this GODDAMN island."

I hesitated, trying to pull myself together. "All alone. Always alone, in isolation. I'll die here. No one will even discover my body for six or eight months, if not longer. Maybe even YEARS!" I did start to cry as I concluded, "My whole life... it has been wasted up to this point. JUST WASTED!"

Kristanna's eyes were sympathetic.

"The good news, Jeremy, is I somehow convinced Pamela not to tell the others about the voyeur room." My own eyes went wide as Kristanna added, "For now, at least. Pamela is horribly upset, yes, and not thinking straight. But I was able to explain to her that if she were to tell them, it may destroy their summer vacations, wreck their minds, whatever. To a girl like Lindsay, for example, the news could potentially be devastating. Why subject them to that? It would destroy what has been a mostly enjoyable three weeks for everyone."

"Pamela's not telling the others about the voyeur room?" I clarified, my heart thumping like mad within my chest.

"For now, she isn't," Kristanna confirmed. "I told Pamela to think about it first and not let her emotions get the best of her. I reminded her of what an outstanding person you are and asked if she really believed that you, of all people, would do something malicious and under-handed with the video footage. What would you have to gain by selling it, broadcasting it to others? You're worth two billion dollars, for Christ's sakes. I told her WHY the surveillance system was installed in the first place. You wanted to evaluate the girls, see what they said about you behind your back. You wanted to make the right decision." Kristanna frowned and ended, "Not use it as the jerk-off tool Pamela insists it must be."

Yet in reality, a so-called jerk-off tool was exactly what the voyeur room had evolved into...

Nevertheless, I felt a certain sense of relief. At least a tiny shred of relief. Trish, Devon, Lindsay, Amy and Camille were not plotting my demise at this moment in time. I could take a deep breath and rest a bit easier with that knowledge. But, there was still plenty for me to be upset about.

"Beyond that, though, Pamela is still saying that you disgust her, Jeremy - I guess she told you that earlier - and expects you to have her on an airplane back to Baltimore in the morning. She says... you are a degenerate and she could never trust you again after what she learned tonight." Oh, fuck. That felt like someone stabbed me in the gut with a shank this time. "I tried talking to her, but there was no use. I'll try again in a couple of hours. Hopefully, she calms down."

Full of bitterness and self-pity, I shook my head.

"I... I'm going to die here, Kristanna. I'm going to die on this island. I will die the very same way that I've spent the majority of my life - alone. All alone. An outcast from society, my OWN FAMILY, even. No one will ever care about me. I'll never have the opportunity to be a husband... a f-f-fa-father. I will... I will just waste away here, into absolute nothingness." I growled and ended, "I... I think I already have."

"Have what?"

"Wasted away into absolute nothingness. I'm a fucking nobody! I feel... I feel that I have... so much... to give... someone. But th-the reality... the r-reality... is I... have nothing. I AM nothing. Nothing, Kristanna!" Wendy Weeper, we meet again. "I will die here, all alone, on this island!"

Kristanna tilted her head to the side and looked at me for several seconds, then reached out and placed her hand atop my shoulder. She trailed it downward, momentarily massaging and caressing my back. "You choose to live here all by your lonesome, Jeremy. How many times have I asked you to move to Norway with me? How many times have I asked you to just VISIT Norway for a while and see what it's like?" Kristanna appeared quite agitated. "No one is forcing you to live on this island. It's your choice."

"It's been 20 years," Kristanna went on. "It has been 20 years since Victoria left you standing at the altar. When are you FINALLY going to stand up for yourself and release the clamp that Victoria Scott has on you? You have not even seen or spoken to her in 20 years. It is OVER. NOTHING can change what happened that day. NOTHING! If you cannot change it, then why worry about it?"

Kristanna just didn't understand. 20 years ago, I stood in a church cathedral in Long Beach, California with Victoria, my then-fiancée, in front of hundreds of friends and families alike. Pastor Martin was in the middle of delivering our wedding sermon that would forever unite us, but Victoria seemed kind of antsy, distant, emotional. I assumed it was wedding jitters.

But here's a spoiler: it wasn't.

Victoria interrupted the pastor during his speech and pressed her bouquet of bridal flowers into my chest, simply saying, "I don't love you anymore. I'm sorry, Jeremy. I can't do this." A stunned hush fell over the gathering in attendance as Victoria took her engagement band off, giving it to me along with the flowers, then raced out of the church with my good friend (and best man), Grant Shockey, at her side.

And just like that, my world came crashing down. What was supposed to be the happiest day of my life had suddenly turned into the worst.

Heartbroken, humiliated, devastated.

I'd come to find out that Grant, my supposed best friend at the time, seduced Victoria and had been sleeping with her behind my back for three months. Well, Victoria and Grant were suddenly an official, very public couple now, and I never spoke to either of them again.

The woman I loved most in this world left me. Gone. Vanished, with just a few parting words. For years, I heard it's her loss from those close to me. Was that supposed to make me feel better? Console me, make me the better person? It did nothing of the sort because all I did for a month afterward was cry and question whether or not I wanted to continue living. True story - I researched the best ways to kill myself on the Internet. When I saw other couples holding hands, I'd become furious. When I was watching television and heard the name Victoria, I'd flinch. Each time I received an invitation to yet another fucking wedding, I was jolted by a pain that all but crippled me from the ground up.

I dealt with abandonment issues for years and my parents, though I was an adult at the time, forced me into a psychiatric hospital for three weeks in 2000. It didn't help.

Victoria Ainsley Scott.

I loved that fucking bitch so much, but she crushed me.

Once I came into my fortune, I eventually decided to all but quit life and buy a deserted island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Peru. No one could hurt me if I put up a near-impenetrable wall all around me, right? I had a home built with everything I could possibly ever need and had been hiding there - here - for the past 16 years.

Almost as long as Lindsay has been alive.

It seemed like a good idea at the time, at least...

But now my fear was that losing Victoria would pale in comparison to losing Pamela Prescott, especially with the way things had transpired between us tonight. Oh, I feared a private apocalypse was on the horizon. A nuclear meltdown. Again, I had no one to blame but myself.

Losing Victoria was crushing, beyond embarrassing. But losing Pamela? That would truly be the death knell. Losing Pamela would annihilate me.

"You don't understand how... utterly humiliating it was to have all those eyes in the church on me after Victoria ran off into the night with my best friend that day."

"Maybe not," Kristanna conceded. "But do you remember when your brother and sister from Ohio paid you that surprise visit last year? I was visiting you then, too. Remember?"

"Yeah," I answered. "You told Dan and Di that you were my girlfriend. That was... interesting. And a surprise to them."

"Your brother and sister tried to convince you to leave this island, too." Very gently, Kristanna brought my hand to her lips and kissed it. "They tried to get you to move back to Ohio with them. To re-enter the world and become an actual human being again. You told them... no." She squeezed my hand and pouted. "Do you remember what your reason was?"

When I did not answer, Kristanna did it for me by saying, "Because seeing them reminded you of Victoria. Seeing anyone who was at your wedding reminds you of Victoria and the humiliation that you endured. You claim to be an outcast from your own family, Jeremy, but that too, is by choice. Your family loves you and has been worried sick about you for years. YEARS! Why won't you let them back into your life?"
