 CHAPTER 22. "RECOLLECTIONS"

-*- Monday, January 6, 2014 -*-

-*- Cuzco, Peru -*-

FOUR YEARS AGO // FLASHBACK

Pressing the pad of my thumb to my jaw and wincing in discomfort, I glanced up and shook my head as the NFL postseason highlights from the day before flashed across the television screen again. Oh, this hurt. I had a nasty toothache and wasn't looking forward to seeing the dentist in the capital city of Lima first thing in the morning. But what felt even more painful was being a life-long fan of the Cincinnati Bengals.

My one and only NFL team since childhood looked horrible yesterday - just got embarrassed - as they were eliminated from the playoffs (at home, no less) by the San Diego Chargers by a score of 27-10. It was horrible to watch but, being a Bengals' fan for as long as I can remember, it certainly wasn't anything I hadn't dealt with before. This team seemed to invent new ways to disappoint their fans on a yearly basis.

I diverted my gaze elsewhere, unable to watch anymore, when the sports program on the big television screen off to the side showed yet another back-breaking interception Andy Dalton threw in the second half yesterday.

Thus, I dug into my lomo saltado meal, a very popular, traditional Peruvian dish, a stir fry that combined strips of sirloin beef steak with onions, tomatoes, parsley, garlic and various other ingredients. No more looking at that damn television and reliving that debacle! I'd seen enough. I then took a drink of my bottled water and surveyed the surroundings at Incontri del pueblo Viejo, a chic, trendy restaurant located on the outskirts of Machu Picchu.

It bothered me that, with so many couples and families around, I was alone. But I was used to it by now. Age 35, I'd been living in the solitude of my own, private island, located 130 miles due west off the coastline of Lima, for the past 12 years. I was a quiet, reclusive person and had been hurt one too many times in the past by others (especially women) and, with a fair amount of personal financial wealth, had simply decided to barricade myself off from the rest of humanity.

My own family, even.

Sure, it wasn't the logical approach. Nor the best way to go through one's life. But no one could hurt me this way. The first few years, I was incredibly lonely in what was otherwise a tropical paradise. But I got used to it. Oh, I was still lonely to this day, but I'd accepted it long ago. This was simply how my life was going to be from now on.

Getting away from my island and re-entering society, even if just for a couple of days, was something very big for me. It certainly wasn't a common occurrence. I don't know why, but I had the urge to visit Machu Picchu - the famed Inca ruins - located near Cuzco, Peru, some 700 miles east of Lima. That was why I was here now. Legend says that the mountain structure was built as an estate for Inca emperor Pachacuti (1438-1472). Today, it serves as a historical landmark and the most treasured icon in all of Peru.

I had a fun couple of days sightseeing, but after seeing the dentist in the morning, I planned on returning home to my prison in the afternoon. Oops, I meant island.

This restaurant was crowded, I said to myself, as I glanced about. Yep, families and couples everywhere. Fathers with their wives, their children, just laughing away... having a great old time. Why couldn't that be me? Yeah, I accepted my fate long ago. Sitting at a tiny, round table near the entrance, I felt as if I was in my own, little world. My hole. I was used to it.

"Hi. Mind if I join you?"

My personal solitude was interrupted as those words, spoken with a dialect I'd never heard before, caused me to look up. What I witnessed was the most beautiful (and definitely the most alluring) woman I'd ever encountered standing over me.

Like an angel.

She had a uniquely gorgeous face, with her platinum blonde hair done up in a loose knot that somehow seemed to make me weak in the knees even though I was sitting down. The woman had Scandinavian features and eyes the color of a cloudless winter sky. She was very tall (perhaps even 6-feet?) yet had a lean, jet-stream figure - a swimmer's build, athletic, very sexy. Her beauty was simple yet unobtrusive, and radiant. And her skin was flawless.

The woman, who appeared to be no older than 18 or 19, was dressed in white slacks, a blue blouse that was invitingly unbuttoned at the top, and a pair of two-inch heels. Women this stunning and gorgeous - and this blonde - were quite the rarity in this remote area of Peru, let alone the country itself. Was she going out bar-hopping here in a bit? Dressed in such a manner, she had plans for something.

But I actually saw this woman - this girl, perhaps - at the ruins a couple of hours ago when our sightseeing groups seemed to intersect. It was impossible not to notice her. At the time, she was with a much older couple. Perhaps her parents? Was she a California Girl on vacation? A beach bunny from Florida? A volleyball player from Texas?

We made eye contact earlier - hours ago as our paths crossed - and she actually gave me a small, flirtatious smile. I was so aloof and reclusive, though, that I had no idea how to strike up a conversation with a stranger. But this woman did.

I rose to my feet and nearly stumbled when gesturing toward the empty chair on the other side of my table. "Uhhhhh, sure. Please... sit down."

She sat gracefully and her lips, ripe and luscious as they were, seemed to curve into a gentle, friendly smile. "You look like you could use a friend, ya, so I thought I come over."

I reclaimed my seat and stared at her. That accent hit me again. What the hell was that? Where was this woman from? I seriously doubted it was anywhere in the United States.

"Women like you generally don't have time for guys like me." Ummmmm. Did I really just say that? I felt like balling up a fist and punching myself. Repeatedly. Good way to shoot yourself down, Jeremy. Awesome, man. This stunning blonde will be excusing herself for sure here soon.

She merely smiled at me. "And why is that?

"Experience?"

"Really? That be surprising." She didn't seem put off at all. But that accent! It was starting to grow on me. The young woman sounded exotic, very sexy. She spoke with open vowels and had a friendly, almost motherly tent to her voice. Like she was well beyond her years. "Are you here on holiday like I am? Work, perhaps?" Wait a minute. Was this chick eyeing me up and down now? Checking me out? Sizing me up? Was she actually interested in me?

"I took a couple of days and decided to tour the ruins."

"What type of work do you do?"

Oh, that was a tough one. Quite the delicate subject. Did I really want to tell this nice girl with the quirky, sexy accent that I was a 35-year-old retired multi-billionaire, and I lived alone on my own private island? It would surely give her the wrong idea. Maybe I would be a creeper in her eyes? I mean, my life was not normal. Not at all. But above all else, I'd definitely be too old for her.

"I work in business." Really? Business? Seriously? Was that the best I could come up with? Women always seemed to make me babble like this. It was a Godforsaken curse.

She raised an eyebrow at me. "You work... in business?"

"That's right. I sure do." Oh, I felt like an idiot. Within a matter of seconds, I knew, I'd be right back where I started - sitting alone at this table. Miss Galaxy would lose interest. "What about you? What do you do?"

"I kill people for a living."

Wow. That was unexpected. I nodded at those words, and the silly, playful expression that accompanied them. She was kidding. This woman seemed highly amused at my reaction, though. She managed to get a laugh out of me, too. That was unique by itself. "Yeah. Right. Do you have a preferred method? Guns? Swords? Flamethrowers? Lethal injection?"

"Bare hands. It be easiest that way."

I chuckled again. "Seriously, what do you do?"

She smiled. "I am a farmer. It is me family business."

"Much more tame than assassination."

"Sometimes."

"I'm Jeremy... Jeremy Morris."

She extended her hand toward me. "Kristanna Grimsmo."

"Kristanna? That's a very unique name." She pronounced it as Kris-tawn-na. "I haven't heard it before."

She nodded. "I get that a lot."

* * *

-*- Monday, June 25, 2018 -*-

-*- The Island -*-

CURRENT DAY

Dear Applicant,

Thank you for your interest in Project: Island Fever. My name is Jeremy and, as the overseer of this program, I am pleased that you would like more information on spending six weeks of your life with me on the island that I call home in the South Pacific. To begin the application process, I respectfully request that you fill out the basic information sheet that you see below and mail it back to me by no later than December 31, 2017. If there are any questions that you prefer not to answer (or do not know the answer to), you may simply leave them blank.

Once your basic information sheet is received, it will be evaluated and reviewed and, if it meets certain criteria, you will receive a more detailed application and accompanying questionnaire in the mail by no later than January 31, 2018.

If you are one of the (only) six women who are ultimately chosen to take part in Project: Island Fever, you will be compensated for your time and effort at no less than $100,000 USD. Much more information concerning compensation and what will be expected of you is available in the 19 page booklet that was also included in this mailing.

If, for whatever reason, you are no longer interested in taking part in this project, simply discard this letter and do not respond. You will not be contacted/bothered again. I hope that you are interested, though, and that you take the time to fill out the following information sheet and send it back to me at the return address listed on the previous page. Remember, the deadline date is December 31, 2017!

-- Thank you -- Jeremy M. Morris

Please answer the following questions in your own words.

FULL NAME: Pamela Annabeth Prescott

ADDRESS: 16* ***** *** Apt #** Cameron Park, MD

HOME TELEPHONE:

CELL TELEPHONE: (410)xxx-xxxx

E-MAIL ADDRESS: [Username]@yahoo.com

BIRTHDATE: 1/5/1988 ZODIAC SIGN: Capricorn

WHERE BORN: Baltimore, MD

FATHER NAME: John

MOTHER NAME: Carol

BROTHERS AND SISTERS, NAMES AND AGES:

Two sisters - Paula (34) and Candice (26)

PETS - WHAT KINDS AND NAMES:

Hadley, a golden retriever dog

HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATE?: Yes

DID/ARE YOU ATTEND/ING COLLEGE?: Yes

IF YES, WHERE?: Towson University

ARE YOU STILL ATTENDING?: Yes

DID YOU GRADUATE?: No

COLLEGE DEGREE?: No

EMPLOYED AS: Exotic Dancer

EMPLOYED WHERE: Bare Essentials in Baltimore, MD

LENGTH OF EMPLOYMENT: 11 years

MOST PREVIOUS JOB (IF ANY): McDonald's (2003-2007)

-- PERSONAL STATISTICS --

HEIGHT: 5'6" COLOR HAIR: Blonde

WEIGHT: 120 COLOR EYES: Brown

SHIRT SIZE: Medium

DRESS SIZE: 4 -5

TROUSER, IN-SEAM:

SHOE SIZE: 8-M

MEASUREMENTS: 38D-24-37

RING SIZE:

-- FAVORITES --

ACTOR: Matt Damon

ACTRESS: Aubrey Plaza

SINGER: Christina Aguilera

FOOD: Tacos!

CITY: Washington, DC

COUNTRY (OTHER THAN USA): Anguilla

ANIMAL: Dog

FLOWER: Lilacs

CAR: Lotus Elise

TV SHOW: Game of Thrones

MOVIE: Titanic

PERFUME: Very Sexy by Victoria's Secret COLOR: Hot Pink

STYLE OF CLOTHES: Form-fitting?

FAVORITE EVENING ON THE TOWN (DESCRIBE IN DETAIL):

I'm not the type to go out often. A romantic night at home is more my style. But when I do go out, I prefer it to be fun. Perhaps a nice dinner and a movie, then something simple like ice skating or a moonlit boat ride on the lake or the ocean.

WHAT QUALITIES DO YOU LOOK FOR IN A MALE/FEMALE?:

Honesty and sincerity are the two biggest traits. I want someone to look past what I do for a living and get to know and love me as a person. No luck so far.?

DESCRIBE YOUR CURRENT FANTASY IN DETAIL:

To overcome the deficiencies that I have and achieve my potential as a human being. In my utopia I wouldn't have to hide anything, be it my job or otherwise. I'd have the motivation to start and end tasks when they appear. My life would be free of stress and sleepless nights. I'd be happy because I am productive and successful, and have a positive influence on friends and family alike. (I hope this question was not of the sexual nature. If so, sorry!)

MOST EMBARRASSING MOMENT:

Years ago I was in the hospital recovering from surgery and was really amped up on medication. My mom and dad came to visit and I felt uncomfortable to be lying there in just a hospital gown in front of Dad, so I decided to cover myself. I went to grab the sheet, but grabbed the hospital gown instead and pulled it right up to my neck. So there I was in all my naked glory, clutching the hospital gown tightly while Dad squirmed and did his best to look away. Being in a drug-induced haze, I slapped at Mom's hand as she tried to pull the gown back down, wondering why she'd try to do such a thing (I thought I was clutching the bed sheet or cover). It took me several seconds to realize what was happening. I felt embarrassed and apologized to my dad for such an awkward situation.

LIST SOME PREFERRED HOBBIES:

READING! I LOVE to read! Give me just about any book and I'll be a happy gal.

PLEASE GIVE A SUMMARY OF YOURSELF AS A PERSON:

I am a passive person. I am sweet. I think I am kind and gentle, too. I'm not the impulsive type. I like to think things through and make informed decisions. I am conservative - especially with money. I have plenty of insecurities and sometimes dwell too much on them. And I hate it when others judge me. Doesn't everybody?

-----

Sighing, I took a deep breath and shook my head as I reviewed Pamela's initial application - dated 12/26/2017 - for the island here within my private suite. Following a highly emotional evening when Pamela claimed that she no longer wanted me to be in her life - because I'd eavesdropped on her and the others with the help of the voyeur room - preceded by the surprise proclamation of love between Kristanna and yours truly, I felt drained. Totally drained.

I looked at the starter applications for all the ladies quite often. I don't know precisely why, but it was a hobby of mine when given the opportunity. I even made mention of Devon's application in an earlier chapter. This morning, however, I had read and reviewed Pamela's personal file a countless number of times. What happened last night with her was quite painful. It was beyond painful.

Although I now had every intention of pursuing a bona-fide relationship and commitment with Kristanna, I still felt horribly downtrodden and guilty because Pamela was so angry at me. Of course, she had every right to be. Who could blame her? I'd betrayed Pamela's trust and violated her privacy - as well as all the others' - by eavesdropping on them in their most personal, intimate moments.

A frown came to my face as I admired Pamela's stylish, elegant handwriting in blue upon the application. I never thought that I could have a worse, more pitiful feeling than I did when Victoria, my ex-fiancée, left me standing at the altar for another man some 20 years ago. The events of that fateful day nearly destroyed my psyche.

Believe it or not, though, but Pamela being so horribly upset at me and my actions was much more damaging than what Victoria had ever done to me. I felt terrible because, essentially, I'd hurt Pamela. That was the worst thing of all. I was the one to blame. No one else was at fault.

It was the story of my life.

Once again, I'd failed.

My wish was that I could have the opportunity to explain to Pamela that the voyeur room was nothing but a harmless kink of mine. I didn't eavesdrop on her and the others with any malice in my heart. I didn't sell the computer files and DVD discs for profit. Nor was there a feed of everything that happened here broadcasting live on the Internet. But I had literally zero chance of being able to convince Pamela of this because she refused to talk to me.

Like any normal man if put in my position, I simply enjoyed watching the girls in their private moments. I don't believe that there is any man out there in the world who wouldn't do the same, exact thing that I do if presented with the opportunity. The voyeur room gave me an additional insight to who all the girls were as people, too.

In my mind, at least, my voyeuristic tendencies were quite harmless. I did nothing wrong with the footage. Nothing at all. Was it wrong of me to eavesdrop on them in their private moments? Yes, it was. Damn right. Absolutely. I was not disputing that. But things stopped there. The footage didn't go beyond my eyes (or Kristanna's). The archives would not fall into the wrong hands. I would never allow it.

Unfortunately, Pamela did not see things that way. Even worse, she absolutely refused to speak with me anymore. Thus, I didn't even have the opportunity to get her to see things my way. Someone who once had pure, genuine feelings for me now hated me with a passion. It was all my fault.

Pamela had originally come to my room last night, I presume, with good intentions. She wanted to discuss our future together. That was the general vibe I got, at least. We'd been talking a lot lately about me possibly going back to Baltimore with her at the end of these six weeks and finding a place of my own to stay until, you know, Pamela and I ultimately moved in together.

I kind of messed that whole future thing up, huh?

Kevin Nicholson, a helicopter pilot friend of mine, was currently on his way to the island and would be picking Pamela up in about an hour. Less than an hour, even. Pamela demanded last evening that I allow her to go back home to Maryland. I couldn't deny her since I'd promised all the ladies since day one they could leave the island at any time, for any reason. I refused to hold anyone here against their will. Kevin would then escort Pamela to the mainland and see to it that she made her 11:51am flight at Jorge Chávez International Airport in downtown Lima bound for Miami. From there, she'd board a connecter flight for Baltimore.

Pamela had everything packed and was ready to go.

"Where is Kristanna?" I asked out loud, glancing at my wristwatch. My Heaven-sent angel said at 7:35am that she was going off to the kitchen to grab us an early breakfast - perhaps a couple of doughnuts and some milk. That was 15 minutes ago. Kristanna should have been back by now.

Curious, I took another deep breath and then glanced at the opposite wall, which concealed the voyeur room. After a moment or two of thought, I nodded my head and slowly rose to my feet. Oh, I didn't want to, but I had to. How could I possibly go back in there after everything that happened last night? But the voyeur room would tell me where Kristanna - plus my milk and doughnuts morning snack - was. That was another thing. I skipped dinner last evening and now, as a result, felt incredibly hungry.

* * *

-*- Monday, January 6, 2014 -*-

-*- Cuzco, Peru -*-

FOUR YEARS AGO // FLASHBACK

"Actually, I believe I may very well be mentally ill."

Kristanna smiled again. This was not the type of reaction one would expect from a woman receiving such news. "I think you are trying to impress me or something, Mister Jeremy."

I vigorously shook my head. Why did I allow my life - and all its problems - to become such an open book to anyone who even showed the slightest amount of interest or kindness toward me? Dammit, I'd been this way since I was a kid. I could not shut my flipping mouth! Why was I saying these damaging things about myself to this very beautiful and charming (as I just found out) 19-year-old from Norway? Any moment now, I'd most assuredly scare Kristanna away for good.
