 CHAPTER 23. "VIGOR"

"Let's start with the easy stuff," Camille commented to Trish as both ladies lounged beside the infinity-edged pool out back. There wasn't a cloud in the sky on this Tuesday afternoon as the waves from the mighty Pacific rolled onto the beach off in the distance. The sound of the water and the cawing of seagulls made for a picture-perfect, idyllic setting. "How long have you known that you're a lesbian?"

Trish, like Camille, was decked out in a two-piece string bikini. The mere sight of these two ladies - as I eavesdropped on their discussion from the voyeur room - was total eye candy to me. Trish's bikini was a light blue with white dots speckled about, while Camille's had flower print designs with multiple, flashy colors. Trish and Camille, with their raw sexuality, were most definitely a pair of beautiful, bombshell divas. No one could ever argue that point.

"I'm not a lesbian," Trish responded flatly, making a face.

Camille appeared amused. "Okay. Okay... you're NOT a lesbian. How long have you been bi-sexual? Can you tell me that? How many women have you had sex with in your lifetime? That is, before you came to the island?"

Trish pouted and fidgeted about somewhat within the pool chair. "You don't pull any punches, do you, Camille? I'm not used to people asking me these kind of questions. Nor am I sure why you're so suddenly curious about me, either. This is the first time you've even shown any interest in talking to me."

The Mexican-American shrugged her shoulders. "You never get anywhere in this world unless you ask questions. I always believe in being up-front and straightforward with others. That way, there is no confusion."

"Whatever," Trish scoffed, clearly a bit put off. She was certainly not alone. Something about Camille just seemed to rub people - especially me - the wrong way. "Before coming to the island, I'd been with two women. I had a wild, one night stand years ago while I was still attending university with a close friend of mine. Her name was Stacy."

Camille offered a faint nod. "I imagine your parents have always known that you like other girls?"

"Since high school, yes. I had a lot of different thoughts and ideas going through my mind back in those days. I remember one day - it was a weekend - I walked into the living room and saw Mom and Dad watching television. God, I must have been 15, maybe 16, at the time." Memories dripped from every word Trish spoke as her lips curved into a soft smile. "I asked if I could talk with them for a bit. They said yes. I said I was confused. I said, Mom, Dad, I don't know, but I think I might be a lesbian. That's how my folks found out. I flat-out told them."

"What did they say?"

Trish shrugged her shoulders. "What could they say? That was probably the absolute, last thing either of my parents expected I'd ever tell them. Still, they were supportive. They've always been supportive of me. My Dad said, Patricia, I want you to do whatever makes you happy. I want you to be with whomever makes you happy, be it a guy or a girl. You have my support, 100 percent."

"Tell me about your friend Stacy and the one night stand you had with her in college." Camille smiled as she leaned forward and inspected Trish's bikini top. "That's a nice suit. Did it you buy it online? You need to tell me where you got it."

"Stacy was the first girl I'd ever been with, but it wasn't some joyous, memorable experience that I'll cherish for the rest of my life. Not at all." Ignoring the latter half of Camille's statement for now, remorse was apparent in Trish's voice as she continued, "Stacy and I had a little too much to drink one night and, the next morning, she blamed what happened between us on all the alcohol. Never mind the fact that I woke up with her face buried between my legs. I was interested in having sex with Stacy again, even pursuing a full-on relationship with her, but what happened... it freaked her out. Completely." Trish's head shook back and forth slowly. "I guess you can say that it ruined our friendship forever, too. Within just a couple of weeks, it was like Stacy and I were strangers. It totally disgusted her that she had sex with another woman. I liked it, though. I liked being with her. It... solidified my attraction toward other girls."

"You said there were two women you've been with before the island." Camille sipped her coffee. "Tell me about the other one."

"Maryse." Trish wrinkled her nose. "I met Maryse four years ago and, for whatever reason, there was a very strong and mutual attraction between us from the start. Though I'd been with Stacy years earlier, it took me hooking up with Maryse to finally realize that I'm bi-sexual." Trish took a deep breath and smiled. "We had a great relationship that lasted for two-and-a-half years. We were so much in love." She sank back against her pool chair. "But then it ended."

"What happened? Why aren't you with Maryse anymore?"

"I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her, but things just didn't work out in the end." Trish frowned and shook her head once again. "Actually, things turned pretty ugly. We had a series of fights and arguments which led to our downfall. It was all pretty sad... and sudden."

"Did your two sisters know about Maryse?"

"Oh yes, Christie and Melissa knew. My entire family has always been extremely supportive of me no matter what I've chosen to do. They may not understand why I'm bi-sexual, but the only thing that matters to them is whether I'm happy or not. I was happy with Maryse, quite obviously, so they were happy, too. My mom and dad, and my two sisters treated Maryse so well. Melissa, my baby sister, really looked up to Maryse. Actually, my whole family thought of me as a lesbian. It was cool, though, because none of them ever looked down on me for it. My family is really awesome."

"But you're not a lesbian, right? You're bi-sexual?"

"I adore men," Trish assured her. "I absolutely adore them. I'll never be a lesbian because I'm so attracted to guys. If I had stayed with Maryse - or even Lindsay - and was never with a man again for the rest of my life, I'd still consider myself bi-sexual. I could never cross that line between being bi-sexual and being a lesbian. It's a big jump to me."

"I told you this earlier this morning, but it bears repeating. I'm about as close to being a lesbian as any woman can possibly be... without actually being one." Camille extended all her fingers and held her right hand just below her chin. "I've really had it up to here with guys." She then shook her head and shivered as if a cold chill went down her spine. "I've been engaged twice, but both of those fuckers cheated on me before our wedding was to take place."

Oh, I knew what that felt like...

"I had a boyfriend after I was with Maryse," Trish volunteered. "His name was Chris. I caught him cheating several times and finally, I decided to pull the plug on our relationship. He tried to get me to change my mind for the longest time, but I wouldn't. Chris told me over and over that I was the girl for him. If I took him back, I knew he'd cheat again. I just didn't want to go through that again."

"Men," Camille sighed, flipping her hand out in a very negative manner. "If you were the girl for Chris, he wouldn't have gone out and fucked around on you behind your back."

"Exactly," Trish agreed. "But I could never stop liking guys. I'll always like them - no matter what." She took a swig of her strawberry smoothie and smiled brightly. "Jeremy is really, really nice, you know. He's a good guy."

Camille made a sickly face. "That's highly debatable."

"What do you mean, eh?"

"Guys are NOT to be trusted. Each time that I start to feel comfortable and have good thoughts about Jeremy, he does something wrong which makes me have doubts in my mind again." Inside the voyeur room, my eyes narrowed at those words as Camille kept talking, "I cannot believe that Jeremy walked out on Amy's birthday party two nights ago and never came back. That was classless. Absolutely classless." Feeling guilty, I sighed and lowered my head. That, I couldn't argue with. It was classless on my part and I offer no excuses for it. "I've known plenty of guys in the past who seemed really good and nice at first. But then they turn out to be FUCKING pigs."

"You've never really liked Jeremy from the beginning," Trish observed. "Everyone else here is either in love with Jeremy or thinks of him as incredibly nice and friendly. I look at Jeremy and think of him as a friend. He and I have had a couple of really long and insightful conversations. He's also treated me like a true gentleman should. I have no problems with him at all. None whatsoever."

Camille again sighed and then tucked her obsidian-black hair behind her ear. I couldn't believe how her demeanor had changed at just the mere mention of my name. "What about when Jeremy vanished from Amy's birthday party?"

Trish shrugged her shoulders. "Knowing Jeremy, I'm sure he had a reason for not coming back. Personally, I wouldn't pass judgment on him until I heard his side of the story. It is really none of my business, though, so I doubt I'll ever hear it. Still, I KNOW he had a good, legitimate reason. Besides... I was not at the party, either."

"You were sick, though,"

"Yeah," Trish frowned distantly. "I was..."

"Amy said that Jeremy told her that him and Pamela had an argument." Camille squinted her eyes and shook her head as if she didn't believe that to be true. What was there not to believe about it? Arguing is part of any normal, healthy relationship. "That was Jeremy's reason for not coming back to the party. I asked Pamela about it, though, but she wouldn't tell me any details. All Pamela would tell me is that everything between them is okay now and something about how she needs to look at Kristanna in a whole other way."

Trish seemed confused. "What does that mean?"

"I don't know."

"I seriously hope that Pamela and Jeremy wind up getting married one day. They are so good together."

"I don't," Camille countered in a low, deep tone.

"Why not?"

"I just think that you cannot trust men as far as you can throw them. And at the top of that list is one Jeremy Morris." Confused as well, I glared at the image of Camille on the surveillance monitor and tried to make sense of her viewpoint. Again, what the hell did I do wrong to this woman? Why did she have such a vendetta against me? I understood Camille was upset about the birthday party, but her feelings for me - her scorn - clearly went much deeper than that. "A lot of it has to do with personal experiences of mine. I can never see myself falling in love with another man again. I find other women to be much more trustworthy and sexy. Pamela should do herself a favor and sever all ties with Jeremy... just end their relationship or whatever it is that they have together. She'd save herself a lot of future heartache."

"What are you going to do over the next three weeks?" Trish wondered, curious. "We have three more weeks on the island with Jeremy before it will be time to go home. Are you just going to do whatever you can to avoid him?"

"I've done a fairly good job of avoiding Jeremy thus far, haven't I? While some of the girls here cannot seem to keep their mitts off him, I haven't had sex with Jeremy at all. Nor will I. He hasn't kissed me, let alone touched me." Trust me, the feeling was mutual. I didn't want to kiss or touch Camille, either. "I remember the night all us girls had that wild orgy when it was raining, storming outside, and Amy literally got down on her knees afterward and begged me to go with the rest of you, finish the night off, and gang-bang Jeremy in his bedroom. Seven girls on one guy. Amy said it would be the perfect ending to the night."

"You refused to go."

"I have standards," Camille claimed frigidly as I looked on, bewildered. Wow. She has standards? "I wasn't about to lower myself and allow Jeremy Morris to lay one finger on me."

"Wow..." I laughed aloud.

"Lower yourself?" Trish crossed her arms and looked at Camille with a deadpan stare. "Really, I just don't see what you have against him. Jeremy may have a couple of issues, but he's the sweetest, kindest guy I've ever met. Like, seriously."

Camille didn't seem to agree. "Do you remember what he told us during our first couple of days here? You asked how I'm going to avoid him, right?"

"Yeah. What?"

"We could do whatever we want over the course of these six weeks. He also said that we don't have to have sex if we don't want to have sex." Camille nodded her head and continued, "I WANT to have sex with the girls, but I don't think I could say the same about Jeremy. As I said, each time I start to think of him in a positive light, he does not something which knocks him back down in my book. But that is to be expected. He is a man."

"That's kind of narrow-minded, Camille."

"You can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig."

"Camille!" Whoa. "Jeremy is NOT a pig!"

"How many times have you had sex with Jeremy?"

"Twice," Trish answered. "The gang-bang, of course, and the threesome we had with Lindsay where she gave us her virginity. I haven't had sex with Jeremy in over two weeks."

"You don't like him that way? I can see why."

Trish shook her head again. "I like Jeremy a lot. As I told you earlier, I consider him a friend. I hope that he looks at me as a friend, too. If things were different, I'd be REALLY interested in him. But, you know... him and Pamela are hard and heavy now and, somehow, I think Kristanna is going to ultimately work herself into that mix too.

"What do you mean if things were different?"

"If I didn't fall in love with Lindsay right off the bat and Pamela, Kristanna and even Devon were not so interested in being with Jeremy," Trish replied. "That's what I mean. If he wasn't focused on anyone in particular, I'd really like to try my hand at a relationship with Jeremy. Yes, I would." Too little too late, right? If only Trish felt this way two weeks ago when I held her in the same high, lofty regard as Pamela. When my attraction for Trish was at its peak. "But Pamela is his girl now and I respect that. I really do. I hope everything works out for them. So, I won't allow myself to look at Jeremy as anything more than a friend. A good friend, yes, but a friend nonetheless. I would never interfere in his relationship with Pamela, even Kristanna, that way." Trish shrugged her shoulders once more. "Actually, I hope the three of them wind up together. Pamela, Jeremy and Kristanna. That'd be awesome. And fitting."

"You're not going to have sex with Jeremy again?"

"I have no idea how that's going to work out. Is Jeremy going to stay monogamous with Pamela? What about Kristanna? Or is he still going to play with the rest of us, too? Devon, Lindsay, Amy, myself, even Kristanna?" Outside of her dealings with Lindsay, Trish seemed so level-headed, mature, even grounded. I appreciated the fact that she was defending me in this conversation. "Either way, I'd be fine. I'd LIKE to have sex with Jeremy again, I guess. I enjoyed both of my times with him. Neither was one-on-one, though, and I'd really like to see what that is like with him. But if Pamela doesn't want that to happen, I'd be fine with that. I'd understand. I just don't want to cause any problems whatsoever. That's not my style."

"I cannot see myself hooking up with Jeremy at all." Camille turned her nose up at the mere idea. "Not after what he did to Amy by walking out on her party and not coming back. In my book, at least, that was... despicable."

"I'm positive there is a good reason for that," Trish reiterated. "Jeremy is the one who orchestrated the birthday party in the first place. Why wouldn't he return to it? There's GOT to be a reason for it beyond the fact that he and Pamela had an argument. Maybe their argument was THAT huge."

"There is only one reason. He is a man." Camille's eyes turned dark, wicked, evil. "His mom should've swallowed. The world would be better off without him... and all men."

Offended and outraged beyond belief, I flipped the audio switch for the outdoor pool off. I'd heard enough from Camille.

My mom should've swallowed? What... the fuck?

Why was Camille Santiago still a guest on my island? Someone tell me that, please! Why hadn't I sent that misandristic BITCH packing weeks ago?

Oh, that's right. I'd been witness to Camille's hatred for me (and specifically my gender) for several weeks now, but it was only through the voyeur room. She had yet to say any of these nasty things to my face and that, quite frankly, was the only reason why I hadn't shipped her ass back to California yet. Believe me, I wanted to. But I couldn't confront Camille and call her out because all the negativity I saw from her came by way of the voyeur room. What was I supposed to do? Show Camille the surveillance footage I had of her as proof and ask why she felt this way about me? About men in general?

Kristanna told me a couple of days ago Camille confided in Devon that she had a dream about me one evening where, in her sick and twisted subconscious, Camille envisioned me being beaten to a bloodied pulp with a high-heel shoved in my mouth, like an apple in the mouth of a pig.

What. The. Fuck.

Hate is a strong word, an angry word. A word that goes beyond plain dislike to every cell in your body despising something, every fiber you have being bitter and every line of your nose scrunching in disgust. Hate implies hostility, frustration. Why did Camille feel this way about me?

From what I was able to gather over the past couple of minutes, Camille had been engaged to two different men in the past. Yet both of them, she'd claimed, cheated on her before the ceremony was to take place. That in and of itself was a mystery to me. How could anyone cheat on a woman as gorgeous as Camille? Was there a single woman in all of San Diego (where she lived) who was more attractive than Camille? What in the world were those two guys thinking?

Oh, wait... that's right. Perhaps they simply couldn't stand Camille's personality and that holier-than-thou resting bitch face that was her trademark?

Whatever the case, it seems a lot of Camille's disdain for my gender comes from the fact that both of her ex-fiancés cheated on her. Camille made mention of both guys, but did not elaborate other than to say they had cheated on her.

Having been jilted in the past by a fiancée of my own (the devious Victoria), I understand that Camille must have gone through a great deal of pain and anguish. It hurt and I knew the feeling all too well. But she had to understand that not all men are terrible. Maybe the two that cheated on her while she was engaged to them were, I honestly don't know. Maybe those scenarios, those breakups, those relationships, those decisions. But not every single man on the planet!

I recall what Kristanna told me a couple of years ago when she and I were discussing the subject of Victoria. I'll always remember that conversation as one of the turning points for me in this long and twisting road back to normalcy.

"You cannot let your brokenness weigh you down with negative, hurtful feelings. You cannot let this woman who broke you have so much control over your emotional well-being because to hate takes just as much from your heart as it does to love. And hate doesn't look good on you, Jeremy. Love looks so much better."

Perhaps Kristanna should sit down and have a similar discussion with Camille?

Hey, it worked for me.

* * *

Today - Tuesday, June 26, 2018 - meant that the ladies had been visiting my little corner of paradise here in the South Pacific for over three weeks now. Three weeks in and three to go. And for those first three weeks, I sure had a good, eventful time with the various girls. Most of them, at least.
