 CHAPTER 24. "CODEBREAKER"

"I'm not the happiest person in the world, you know," Amy confided in me, frowning, while also shaking her head. "I... I sometimes look at my life and wonder where everything went wrong. Where things started to go downhill. When I graduated from high school -- class of Greyford, 2005 - I had plans. I wanted to be married by the time I was 22." Amy's green eyes were shadowed with sadness. I squeezed her hand to remind her that I was here and would give her whatever support she needed to continue talking. "I wanted to be... happy. I was going to get married and hopefully have some kids. You know... grow old together with my husband. Live in a nice, little house with a white picket fence. That's what I wanted. But I'm 31 now. None of that will ever happen for me."

Huh? That made no sense. "What makes you say that? I am 39 - MUCH older than you - and I feel as if the best years of my life are ahead of me." It took more than three weeks of constant trying, but I'd finally gotten Amy Zeitler to open up to me about her past. I'd cracked the secret code and was being given a glimpse of what lay beneath her rigid exterior.

And just as I suspected all along, it was completely different than that aggressive facade she'd been putting on.

"I've been beat down so many times in life." I gritted my teeth as tears sprang from Amy's eyes and thick streamers ran down her cheeks. "People beat you down enough -- put you down enough - and eventually, you start to believe it."

Amy and I were sitting side-by-side upon a huge boulder in the forest and had been immersed in a deep-rooted and rather enlightening discussion over the past hour or so. We were well away from the mansion and the other ladies, and thus, this level of privacy and seclusion had allowed Amy to open herself up to me in ways she never had before. Of course, I was all ears. This conversation -- truly getting to know Amy's history and backstory - had been a long time coming for me.

It took a lot of effort and even more patience, but I was finally able to approach Amy earlier and get her to talk to me. Ever since this past Monday, which was 48 hours ago, Amy had given me the cold shoulder. The evening before that was when I'd left her birthday party and never came back.

The events that took place later that night prompted me to forget that there was even a party to return to. Pamela caught me in the voyeur room and discovered that I'd been spying on her and all the other ladies without their knowledge or consent since day one. She became incredibly upset and, as a result, slapped me across the face for my wrongdoings.

My (now) infamous discussion with Kristanna occurred a short time later. I was horribly distraught and not feeling right, worried that Pamela hated me, and that everyone on the island knew about my dirty, little secret. I was in a terrible frame of mind. But Kristanna showed up like an angel straight out of Heaven and helped quell my fears, then professed her undying and ever-lasting love for me. I fell asleep with her and, in the process, completely forgot all about Amy and what was supposed to be her birthday party.

Thus, Amy had been quite angry with me. I couldn't blame her. She had refused to even give me the time of day recently. However, after breakfast earlier, I came across Amy in the central room and tried talking to her. She seemed to be in a slightly better mood today, so I was able to apologize to her several times in succession. For whatever reason, Amy was a bit more receptive and finally accepted my apology.

Time heals all wounds, my grandmother used to tell me.

I took Amy by the hand and asked her to go on a walk with me. I wanted to talk (and apologize) some more to her. She and I came across this humungous boulder deep in the forest where we were now. Amy seemed to enjoy the area, so she took a seat atop the boulder and I did the same.

And then she began to bear her heart and soul to me.

"How exactly have you been beaten down in life?" My voice was calm, cool, understanding.

"Oh, where do I start?" Amy was distraught, showing real vulnerability to me for the first time. But I wasn't forcing her to do this. Talking and sharing details about herself like this was strictly her decision. "How about when Eddie threw me out of our house for the final time a year-and-a-half ago while I was wearing nothing but a towel in the dead of winter? Not a pleasant memory. I had to get help from a neighbor, but he was drunk and it turned out to be a... bad situation."

"Eddie? Your ex-husband?" I recalled from the information that I had on her that Amy was married from 2013 to 2016 to a black man named Eddie Lawrence.

She nodded her head. "Eddie did not take too kindly to my ongoing affair with my boss and his wife. Things got worse when my boss soon broke up with me, too, and I had to take a job waiting tables and tending bar at Hooters. I'd been fired from my office job due to... promiscuous behavior." I also remembered Amy talking to Pamela during their first night on the island about Master Jack and Mistress Kim. She seemed to really miss having them in her life (especially the man, who doubled as her boss at work before he got fired too).

"I was Master Jack's secretary," she confided, "but he preferred to think of me as his Personal Executive Trainee. You know, PET for short. Even said it on my name plaque... Amy Lawrence, Personal Executive Trainee. The P, E and T were all underlined, emphasizing the point, and DOZENS of clients and co-workers alike caught onto what it meant. They thought it was funny. I thought it was humiliating. Master Jack insisted I dress like a hooker each day for work, too. I was his plaything, his toy, but I enjoyed it. Eddie divorcing me was one thing, but losing Master Jack and Mistress Kim and getting fired from my job, it... it was too much."

"The humiliation," I spoke softly, casually, not wanting to rile her in the slightest way with anything I said. I just wanted Amy to be comfortable and tell me the truth. "You enjoyed it, didn't you? You enjoyed others catching onto what your name plaque implied and the way you were instructed to dress?" Of course she did. "Didn't you?"

"Yes," Amy admitted without hesitation. "I... I'd never been happier in my life. I loved... Master Jack so much."

Spoken like a true submissive.

But did Master Jack love her?

"What did you do to cope once you lost your job and the relationship with your boss and his wife was over?"

"I crawled into a bottle for a week -- any and every bottle I could find - and tried to forget the world around me while attempting to drink myself into suicidal oblivion."

Oh, that was a red flag if there ever was one. Although I didn't drink myself, I had plenty of alcohol here on the island mostly because Amy and Camille were spirited drinkers. Kristanna was known to enjoy a cold beverage every now and then, too. I had crates of it shipped in for them about two months ago. Now, perhaps I needed to keep a closer eye on Amy, especially if she became too upset or something overly traumatic happened to her here. I wouldn't allow her to drink herself into a suicidal oblivion. Not on my watch.

But I chose to stay the course here and not come off as judgmental or condescending. I had my opinions on what Amy was telling me, of course, but I chose to keep them to myself for the time being. I just wanted her to keep talking so I could further piece the jigsaw puzzle of who this woman truly was together. "Tell me more about you, your past. Tell me about your mom, your dad. What are things like with them?"

"I hate my parents," she said flatly, coldly, full of bitterness. "I don't want to talk about them."

Alrighty, then. Scratch that topic.

Still, I was curious. Why did Amy hate her parents? How could anyone truly hate their parents? The concept was foreign to me. Did they neglect her while she was growing up? Even worse, was she abused? Did they kick her out of the house and tell her to make it on her own once she turned 18?

"What were you like before you met your ex-husband? What did you do once high school ended?"

"I had a boyfriend when I was 19 that I actually lived with. We had an apartment. Good 'ol Trevor." Stewing with anger, Amy sniffed her nose, her pupils flashing. "He thought a good way for us to make money and pay the rent for a change was to actually sell me out to his friends and eventually strangers." My eyes went wide as Amy continued, "Yep, that's right. My boyfriend became my pimp, and whatever money we had left over went to his video game fund and whatever gadgets he desired. He even quit his job and lived solely off me."

I stayed silent, wanting her to continue.

"I went through a long string of failed relationships that chipped away at my psyche and self-esteem. I was physically beaten on several occasions and found myself in the hospital as a result, but never pointed fingers at the offending boyfriend. Or boyfriends, plural. One time, three guys roughed me up pretty bad because I refused to put out for them and take part in a three-on-one. I tried to act perfect and make everything seem perfect, but in reality, I was spiraling out of control." Her eyes again filled with tears. "I sought refuge in the cocaine dens in the seedy parts of Cincinnati. I thought I'd find peace there. Oh, how wrong I was. I traded sex for drugs. I became trapped. I've battled alcohol addiction for years. I've been spiraling downward for basically... my entire adult life."

Oh, gosh. Where to start?

"Do you still do drugs? Cocaine?" This was an important question for me because if Amy had brought any of that trash onto my island and into my home, I'd be terribly upset. I wouldn't show that anger right here, right now, though -- not during such an intimate discussion -- but she'd find out my feelings on the subject soon enough. "Heroin? Weed?"

"I haven't done any drugs since 2010." I believed her. I didn't think Amy would lie to me right now. Besides, I'd never seen her doing anything suspicious with my surveillance cameras. "Alcohol, though? Alcohol is a different story."

"You certainly do like to drink. I've noticed that. Some nights, you and Camille seem to live at the bar in the mansion."

"It helps me cope when I'm feeling really bad, or in pain."

I paused, feeling extreme sympathy for this poor woman. Amy had made plenty of misguided decisions in her life, that's for sure, but was it all her fault? If I had to place a wager, Trevor - that ex-boyfriend when she was younger- probably coerced her into prostitution. "Tell me more about Eddie."

Obviously hurt, Amy glanced downward for an instant. "Eddie never cared about me. I was simply a trophy wife for him and someone he learned to barely tolerate until my infidelity became too much and I was kicked out for good. Our relationship mostly consisted of... him fucking me... and him showing me off to his friends."

"Have you ever really tried to," I again paused, knowing I had to tread carefully here, "hook up with someone who would treat you... good? You know, not the sex machine of a black man you were once married to -- you've basically told me that about Eddie in the past -- or the much older, dominant man who not only wanted to use you as a pleasure toy, but was also married? Or all the other boyfriends who've mistreated and abused you over the years? Why don't you... try going for a different... type of guy? A good, clean guy? A nice guy?" There are plenty of them out there, I know.

"No one wants me." Tears stung her eyes again. "Especially a good, upstanding guy. I'm damaged goods!"

"No, you're not damaged goods. You're a very special lady and I know there is someone equally special out there in the world waiting for you. Don't tell me any differently."

"Why do you feel that way?" Amy laughed through her tears. "There isn't anything special about me. I'm so fucked up." She wiped the excess moisture from her cheeks and momentarily hid her face to compose herself. "I come to this island of yours mainly because I wanted something fresh; a brand-new start, where no one knows of me or my reputation." Now even more upset, Amy tossed her hands about wildly and fussed, "Lo and behold, it's the same old thing. The same Goddamn thing! No one on this island cares about me or likes me. I'm the outcast!"

"What makes you think that? If anyone, Amy, you should know that I care about you. I like you. I always have. I also know that Pamela likes you. So does Camille... and Lindsay has enjoyed spending time with you as of late."

"You have Pamela, Kristanna AND Devon, Jeremy, breathing down your neck, hot and heavy for you! What possible reason is there for you to have any sort of feelings or emotions for me? Why would you care about me when your whole life is seemingly perfect and all laid out in front of you? You have one, not two, but THREE women who would do ANYTHING to make you happy." I do? Did Amy know that Pamela and I were seemingly on the outs? "You can pick ANY of them! What tiny blip could I - little, insignificant me - be on your radar? You have no need to even notice me."

"It hurts me, Amy, to hear you say something like that." My gut, in fact, was churning because of her words. "I care about you. I've cared about you since the day that I met you. I even cared about you BEFORE meeting you - all the times you and I'd talk on the telephone or via video chat. I've defended you and many of your actions to the others. How can you sit there and honestly tell me that you don't think I care about you?" Her words actually made me feel physically ill. "Have I ever done anything to purposely hurt you? Have I ever ignored you or any request you made... any little thing you've asked of me? I've done everything that I could to make you happy since the moment you came into my life."

"Well, you did walk out on my birthday party..."

"I thought we were past that," I groaned, my eyes narrow. "We just went over all of that and what happened - why it happened - for a good 20 minutes. And you said you accepted my apology. Are you having second thoughts now?"

Amy frowned. "No, not really. I did accept your apology. Finally, I guess. I... I know something big happened that evening between you and Pamela, and then you and Kristanna. I'm not quite sure what since you refuse to give too many details, but I take your word for it, Jeremy. I do. I trust that you had a good, legitimate reason not to come back to the party that night. I... I know that is the night when you... you and Kristanna... became an item. But I still don't quite understand where Pamela fits into everything."

Neither do I.

"Do you honestly believe that I don't care about you?"

Amy let out a long-winded sigh, then shook her head and glanced downward for several seconds. Eventually, she made eye contact with me again and proclaimed, "You care about everyone, Jeremy. You're that type of person. You're a good, honest man... a good human being. But you care about everyone... by default. It's second nature to you. It's not something... that I've particularly earned. Your caring, that is."

"I care about all of you girls on the island," I told her. "Not just Pamela, Kristanna and Devon, either." After our little dinner date last evening (which was totally platonic and G-rated, by the way), I'd actually put Trish way ahead in the pecking order over Devon right now. Trish was... a cool chick and I absolutely loved talking to her. "I care about you not BY DEFAULT, Amy, but as an individual person. I care about you because you are a special and wonderful person. I also worry about you. I care about Lindsay and I am worried about her. I care about Trish. I wish I could give her the love and happiness that she so richly needs and deserves."

Maybe I will?

"I care about ALL of you girls," I continued, trying to stress the point. Well, everyone except Camille. "I brought all of you to the island; I am responsible for every single one of you. I do wish that things could be different between Camille and myself. I wish that she and I could, at the very least, be friends. But I hold no grudge or ill will upon her." That was a white lie. I did hold a grudge against her. "If Camille came to me and asked for help, I'd do whatever I could for her." That, however, was the truth. I'd help Camille if she asked me.

"It's not your fault Camille doesn't like you," Amy sulked. "Camille just flat-out hates all men. You should hear her at night when we talk. She wants to rid the Earth of all men."

"Camille seems to care about you." It wasn't the time nor place to talk about Camille and her dealings with me. This conversation was all about Amy and I wanted to keep it that way. "I know for a fact that Pamela cares about you and is worried for you and your well-being in the future as well. You and Lindsay... well, you two have had some interesting adventures as of late. That's for sure. Lots of people on the island care about you."

"Camille is okay, I guess," Amy relented. "But I could never be with her full-time. I'm not a lesbian. Nor could I sit and listen to her bash men day-in and day-out for the rest of my life. Pamela? Pamela is a lot like me, I think. You just don't realize it. Oh, Pamela is not a raging nymphomaniac like I am. It's just... I think Pamela feels that others - society - have wronged her as well."

"Trust me, I know all about Pamela and the way she feels." Oh, did I ever. "We've had many discussions together. Pamela needs to get out of that mindset of being a stripper. That's her biggest problem. That industry has poisoned her. I told Pamela that she's no longer a stripper as long as I am in her life." But how much longer would that be? A mere three weeks? Would Pamela go right back to working at the strip club and do her best to forget me? "My goal is to make her completely forget these past 11 years that she's been dancing. I've offered her a fresh start, a clean slate... if she wants it."

Amy gave a half-hearted, jealous chuckle and shook her head at the same time. "An opportunity like that must be nice."

"Maybe that's what you need, Amy. Maybe you need a fresh start. You're going to get paid an awful lot of money for spending these six weeks here with me on the island. You are guaranteed at least $100,000. You may even be the lucky one and get the $500,000 payout. Instead of going back to Ohio, why not start over and move someplace new? You'll be able to afford it. Don't get a job at a place like Hooters. If you're going to be a waitress, work at a family restaurant instead. Meet someone new - someone good and decent - and just... be yourself. Don't act all harsh and brazen. There are hundreds of thousands of men out there in the world who would do anything to be with a woman as special as you. Billions."

Amy crossed her arms defensively. "What makes you think I'm so special? You have... no idea of some of the lows I've had to... stoop to... in life." A shudder seemed to go right through her with those ominous words.

"Easy," I countered, again staying the course. "You're much smarter than you've ever given yourself credit for. I think you're extremely honest and have good values. And I like you, Amy. I always have. I've seen through that wall you put up around yourself. Underneath that aggressive exterior of yours is a very kind, warm... considerate woman who has the need to feel wanted."

"Oh?" Amy replied, gulping her throat.

"You know what your biggest problem is, Amy? I'll tell you - you don't believe in yourself. You're not exactly the most positive, upbeat person in the world. I've said this to you before and I am sure I will say it again - you have to stay positive if you want something positive to happen."

"You're positive, Jeremy," she frowned. "You happened..."

"You were positive when we first met each other. I'm sure you recall your first-ever day on the island, right? You were the first girl here who approached me and wanted to get to know me. That first night, even..." Oh, what an evening that was. It was spectacular and I'll never forget it for the rest of my life. "I became close with you... real quick. You were full of life, vibrant... a light was in your eyes."
