 CHAPTER 25. "CONTROL"

Instead of admiring the heavenly white powdered sand of the beach below or the calm, turquoise waters of the ocean, I found myself shaking my head as I stood at the collection of six floor-to-ceiling windows within the master bedroom and surveyed the scene. It wasn't pretty. A heavy downfall of rain was bulleting the mansion relentlessly and all other locations on the island. I grumbled inwardly, none too pleased with the unexpected, inclimate weather. "Fucking figures..."

The picturesque blue, sunny skies that were a hallmark of this island paradise had temporarily given way to a dark and dreary outlook on this early Thursday morning. It had been raining for the past couple of hours, but at least there wasn't any thunder or lightning to go along with the precipitation. That was good news for Lindsay, at least, because she suffered from astrophobia (an abnormal fear of thunder and lightning). Remember, Lindsay was once struck by lightning when she was five years old and still had a scar on her leg to prove it.

Usually, the weather here never bothered me one way or the other. Oftentimes, I could care less whether it rained or shined. However, I was very disappointed with the current conditions because I had plans of inviting all the ladies to a beach barbeque party later tonight. I was even going to bite the bullet and allow myself to be around Pamela for what could turn out to be several hours. The rain, however, wasn't supposed to let up until sometime tomorrow afternoon. Welcome to life in the tropics! Unfortunately, it appeared as if all of us would be staying indoors today.

And I could continue to keep my distance from Pamela as being anywhere close to her only added to my broken heart and made it ache all that much more.

Once hearing the door open behind me, I turned and offered Kristanna a smile as she stepped into the suite and made her way over to me. "Good morning, Mister Jeremy. Rise and shine, sweetie." Like always, Kristanna's own smile was bright and flashing. If it was anyone else, I'd want them to knock first before entering my private suite. But not Kristanna. Being such a close friend for over four years now, she had free reign to do whatever in this house. "How are you?" Kristanna tilted her head to the side and stated, "Rumor on the street is you had a pretty eventful night last night."

"Is there what they're saying in the hood?" I paused for a moment, chuckling. "Yeah, I guess it was eventful."

"Just spoke to Trish and she says she can barely walk after everything you did to her!" Kristanna raised an inquisitive, thoughtful eyebrow. "How are you? Is your back okay? You didn't do too much last night, did you?"

"I'm sore, but I'm fine." I had the last MRI on my back in January 2017. Pain had plagued me for many years and I was finally diagnosed with degenerative arthritis in my lower spine. There was no cure for it, I was told. I would just have to deal with it, manage it, for the rest of my life. I did my part, staying active with exercise and keeping my weight in check. For the most part, I think I was in good shape.

But that MRI was 18 months ago. What if there was something else wrong now? What if the arthritis had transitioned into something worse? Was that possible?

Because some days, the pain was unbearable. Like this morning when I first woke up. Very rarely had I felt this way in the past, but it was becoming more and more common since the ladies showed up almost four weeks ago. I was attempting to play a superhero of my own in being the only man here, wanting to sexually satisfy all these women, keep them happy. One day last week, Kristanna referred to me as Captain Crackback after I'd begged her for a much-needed massage.

I wasn't 21 anymore and in the prime of my life. I was 39. I was the furthest thing from being a superhero and, as time continues to pass, these aches and pains will only get worse. They'll pile up and could even result in a life-altering injury.

In the overnight hours as I held Trish and cherished her in my arms, my back must have locked up. Like, something bad. I suppose four massive orgasms and all the activity that went along with them was a little too much for my body to handle. I didn't even know that I had that type of stamina in me. But oh, I felt it when I woke up and got out of bed two hours ago. An immediate crash and burn, indeed.

"You're not fine," Kristanna retorted, her eyes narrow as she studied me. "I can tell your back is really hurting you."

"I'm fine."

"No, you're not."

"It's nothing I haven't dealt with before. Any discomfort I have will be gone by breakfast." This was one of my major downfalls in life; I was pig-headed, too stubborn for my own good. Oh, I hated this about myself. Kristanna was concerned and only wanted to help, yet I was doing everything I could to deflect her away. Her biggest worry in originally bringing all the ladies to the island with us was my history of back troubles. Could I last for six weeks if, as we'd expected, the sex became out of control? Could my back keep up?

Things had slowed down considerably in the sex department since the first and especially second week, but then something like last night happened where I completely ravaged Trish. I tore her to shreds. She did the same to me. Honestly, I'd never fucked a woman so long and hard before. There was nothing harsh or overly excessive in our lovemaking, of course. It wasn't reminiscent of Amy beating Lindsay into submission. It was just constant, physical fun where Trish and I went at it for what seemed like hours on end. I gave her everything I had. She gave me everything she had. We had a great time.

And now I was paying for it.

"Let me get you some aspirin," Kristanna said, walking over to the washroom and then returning with a medicine bottle in hand. Her eyes still narrow, she then frowned as I took two pills from her. Kristanna knew me too well; she knew that my back was bothering me a lot more than I'd let on.

I was just too damn stubborn to admit it.

"Take it easy this morning, okay?" Kristanna reached up and caressed the stubble on my cheek. That reminded me, I needed to shave before breakfast. "I know you have plans with Amy at noon, right? Take it easy until then."

I popped the pills and washed them down with a drink of bottled water, finally relenting, "I will, Krissy. I will."

She glanced outside and shook her head at the torrential downpour. "Kind of ruins that beach barbeque you had lined up for us tonight, huh? It's okay, baby. We can have just as much fun inside the mansion as we would down at the beach. How about fish and steak tonight? You know Louisa will fix whatever we ask her. When the weather clears up, probably by Saturday, I say we have that beach party then." Kristanna nuzzled up behind me, all nice and cozy, and wrapped her arms around my sternum, the side of her face nestled against the base of my neck. "I've always liked the rain."

"I don't mind it," I frowned, reaching down and placing my hands upon Kristanna's arms as they encircled my midriff. "I just wish it wasn't raining TODAY." I turned my face to the side and eyed Kristanna appreciatively as she kept her face nestled upon my neck. "What's up, peaches?"

"Peaches?" Kristanna took a step back and offered me a curious expression.

"Yes... peaches." If Trish was my sunshine, then Kristanna could be my peaches. She certainly was sweet as one. "What about you, Miss Grimsmo? Did you have a good night?"

"Had a foursome with Devvy, Lindsay and Camille." Kristanna shrugged her shoulders as if it was no big deal, a common, everyday occurrence. In some respects, I suppose, it was. If there was any sort of group sex session happening on the island, Kristanna was usually involved somehow. She loved getting into the middle of everyone and letting her passions fly. That's why she was interested in a polyamorous marriage. "Would've been nice if you and Trish joined us."

I chuckled. "What? Trish and Lindsay hooking up again? Me and Camille getting hot and heavy? No chance in hell."

"You've got a point there."

"I had an amazing night with Trish and I think the absolute world of that girl. I really do. She is going to make someone very, very happy one day." I hung my head low and sighed. "But I wished all night that I was with Pamela instead of her."

"Oh, you poor baby." Kristanna again cradled my cheek with a sympathetic hand.

What a cruel irony; before Pamela became front and center for me, there were times that I'd sit and pout because Trish was not giving me the time of day. Her entire being was devoted to Lindsay and there was no room for anyone else. At several points in the early days, I was wishing that Trish put all her focus and energy into me instead of Lindsay.

Oftentimes I'd speculate that if Trish went after me as hard as Pamela (and even Devon) did from the very beginning, would she have vaulted ahead to the front of the class? Would I have fallen head her heels in love with Trish instead of Pamela? I think the possibility was there. There was no doubt that I felt that strong of an attraction toward Trish.

But now? Too little, too late, unfortunately. The fact that I was so far smitten with Pamela, so completely lost in my feelings for her, I feared that no one would ever catch up and surpass her. Despite her intense beauty and how wonderful of a human being she was, Trish would never eclipse Pamela in my book. Because Pamela was all that, yet so much more. I was fooling myself and even doing Trish a great disservice, leading her on, if I thought differently. No one, quite simply, even came close to comparing to Pamela.

Not even the woman who professed her unconditional love for me earlier in the week after four years of friendship. Not even the woman whose one true focus and goal in life, she claimed, was for me to be happy no matter the means necessary. Even if it meant sacrificing herself, her own wants and needs, to make it happen.

Yes, not even Kristanna.

I loved Pamela and was ready to marry her right now. I'd drop everything, upend my entire existence and even send all these girls back home if it meant I could be with Pamela again. At one point, Pamela felt the same about me. We were going to ride off into the sunset together. But I ruined that, right?

Story of my life.

Perhaps I shouldn't feel too guilty, I guess, as it pertained to Trish. She could deny it all she wants, but Trish was in a similar situation. I'm sure that as much fun we had together last evening, if she had her choice, Trish would've rather it had been with Lindsay instead of me. Oh, there was no doubt about that. She loved Lindsay and pined over her, what could have been, the same way I did Pamela.

In a way, it was good Trish and I could get together and give each other a temporary boost of happiness. Certainly, it was that way for me. Because without her and the other ladies keeping me occupied, diverting my attention from Pamela, I might be the one crawling into a bottle right now and trying to drink myself into a suicidal oblivion.

In the end when the dust settles, once everyone has gone home, losing Pamela Prescott is going to crush me like nothing has before. I thought Victoria was bad? Oh, just wait and see.

"Pamela will come around, baby," Kristanna murmured, glancing up at me with sorrowful eyes. "Pamela knows what she has with you and isn't about to let it go. Just keep giving her space like she asked you to and, in a couple of days, Pamela will come back to you. I know she will."

"No chance."

"She asked for space. She didn't break up with you."

"It's the same damn thing."

Kristanna mumbled something incoherent under her breath, then shook her head and decided to give up for the time being. She knew it was a waste of time to try and change my mind. I was too damn stubborn.

Thus, the 23-year-old switched subjects.

"Do you really think that you're going to be able to pull off what you have in mind for Amy today? What you have planned... it's so unlike you. You've never done it before. You're... too fucking nice!"

My mood and overall demeanor perked up at the mere mention of Amy Zeitler. I had plans for her today, indeed, and my sole purpose with them was to get this girl feeling better.

Amy and I had a rather enlightening conversation yesterday where a lot of my prior suspicions about her were confirmed. Amy hadn't led the best of lives up to this point and had a lot of problems as a result.

She grew up as an only child and felt that her parents never really wanted her in the first place. She nearly flunked the tenth grade, focusing her attention on boys (and some girls) instead of schoolwork. As an adult, Amy once had a boyfriend who routinely rented her out to others for a monetary fee. Seriously, how could any man pimp out his own girlfriend?

Amy battled alcohol addiction and experimented with illegal drugs that at one point nearly killed her. I didn't cover this in the prior chapter, but Amy also explained to me that she overdosed on cocaine one night in 2010 and it almost cost her everything. Fortunately, that incident scared her into going clean and she hadn't touched any drugs since.

In later years, Amy was in a marriage that was doomed from the start. Her ex-husband looked at her as a trophy much more than he did a loving companion. It didn't help that she felt the need to cheat on him multiple times with a wide variety of other people, some of whom had even been strangers. There was plenty of fault for her here, too. Her infidelity led to a shattered marriage that ended in divorce. Nowadays, Amy made her living as a Hooters waitress and really struggled to get by and make ends meet. One could easily claim (rightly or wrongly) that working at Hooters was one step away from being a stripper, but for a fraction of the salary. What type of life was this for anyone to lead?

In all honesty, Amy felt horribly depressed and lonely. She was socially unstable, not knowing how to talk or present herself to others in a positive light. In less than a month on the island, she had already alienated herself from some of her counterparts. Trish wanted nothing to do with her. I got the sense that Devon simply tolerated her. Kristanna had an interest in Amy, but only because she knew how I much I cared about her. This island was a microcosm of Amy's life.

But Amy had that gorgeous face and killer body. In ways, it had been her saving grace. People gravitated toward her because she was so beautiful. There would always be someone who wanted to make that initial contact with her.

In other ways, however, her body had been her downfall. Yes, the way Amy looked attracted a lot of attention. But I felt that her social skills, or lack thereof, had driven a lot of potential suitors away. Or, they simply stuck around long enough to get a piece of Amy without ever taking her seriously as a person. They would use her for sex, but then discard her like a piece of garbage when the thrill was gone.

And that constant, lousy treatment had taken its toll on her. It would for anyone.

"I've been beat down so many times in life," Amy told me yesterday afternoon during our conversation in the forest. "People beat you down enough - put you down enough - and eventually, you start to believe it."

Amy's calling card in life was her body. She'd used it over the years to try and make others happy. There was no doubt that the woman loved sex and everything about it, but she had yet to find a man (or woman) who would not only give her what she needed physically, but emotionally as well.

This woman was unique, and her needs were very special.

I still hold firm to the belief that the 31-year-old was like a timid, little child, an anxious kitten, even, who just needed to crawl into her protector's arms and feel forever loved and cherished. She was the picture-perfect submissive. Amy openly admitted yesterday that she needed the right person - preferably a man - to step in and seize total control of her as a human being. She told me so. That'd be the only thing which could truly make her happy.

I felt that a major step, at least initially, toward improving Amy's life would be for her to visit a psychiatrist and get a mental health diagnosis, then be put on the proper medication. I knew a couple of very good doctors over on the mainland in Peru who could work absolute wonders for her if she'd just allow them the opportunity. As I told Amy in the past, I would been more than happy to set up an appointment and pay any of the associated fees for the visit(s) and subsequent medication. I was worried for her. I simply wanted Amy to feel better and be happy.

Amy deserved to be happy. Didn't everyone? To finally know what it felt like to be loved, to be cherished... to be protected. To know that someone else had her best interests at heart. That she mattered and was important.

But, Amy wasn't interested. She didn't believe in the idea of seeing a psychiatrist or taking pills. I tried to tell her that anti-depressants had helped improve the quality of my own life over the past couple of years. I initially resisted the thought as well, but now wish I had sought help much earlier in life. Without the medication, I may not even be here today. I went round-and-round on this subject with Amy several times. I insisted that she at least give the idea of seeing a doctor a try. But, Amy would not budge. She was quite stubborn herself, but I had an idea that may change her mind...

"I don't know if I'll be able to pull it off or not," I said in response to Kristanna's question. "But I'm going to try."

"There's no way. You, of all people? There is no way you'll be able to go through with this and get Amy to agree to what you ultimately want. It's not you, Jeremy. Not your personality at all. You'll crack. There's no way..."

"I have to try. It may be the only way to help her."

At the breakfast table two hours later (and yes, my back was feeling much better now), I found the tank-top that Amy chose to wear as part of her attire to be quite comical. It was bright pink and the fabric was stretched to its limit to conceal her massive, popping 36d-cup breasts. The tank-top had an inscription on it which read in big yellow letters, I have the pussy, I make the rules!. It was cute and funny, and elicited a laugh, but what I found most amusing was how very wrong it would prove to be just a short time from now.

It was still raining heavily outside, so I figured the ladies didn't have any special plans for the day. Trish would go to the exercise room, for example, and Lindsay would chill out in the recreation room, listening to music and playing video games. Pamela would read yet another book in the library and Camille would probably fantasize about flaying random, innocent men for sport. Typical and normal stuff, really, their daily routines.

Once everyone began to disperse after our breakfast meal ended, I pulled Amy to the side and asked for a moment of her time. I wanted to talk to her, but didn't want to have a two-way discussion. It was going to be one-sided.

I reminded Amy that I'd asked her yesterday to come to my private quarters today at noon sharp and didn't give her any opportunity to back out. I instructed her to wear something sexy but not too revealing or provocative, and that she should expect to spend the entire afternoon with me.

And, that was it. I was firm and direct with her, to the point and, most importantly, I didn't wait for a response. I simply told Amy what I wanted and walked off. The bewildered look upon her face to what was basically a no-nonsense demand was, in a word, priceless.

It was time to set my plan into motion.

* * *

Eyeing my wristwatch intently, it was 12:01pm when a gentle knock came to the main entrance of my personal suite. I downed the last of my citrus fruit smoothie, then went over to the door and opened it only to be greeted with the sight of a truly gorgeous, breathtaking creature of a woman.
