 CHAPTER 26. "WELLNESS"

"My favorite part of that whole ordeal between you and Amy yesterday was when you took her blouse and just RIPPED it from her body," Devon Weaver proclaimed, standing in front of me and looping the neck tie that went along with the rest of my outfit. I'd chosen a business casual look today, a classic, button-down shirt, beige chino pants and burgundy red, matte leather shoes. Trust me, I didn't dress this way very often. Not anymore, at least. Devon took her sweet time fastening the stylish tie around my neck. "That moment was scorching hot! When Krissy showed me the footage last night in the voyeur room, I was like, OH MY GOD... I cannot believe Jeremy just did that! Did he REALLY just tear that blouse from Amy like that? The look on Amy's face was priceless. You could tell that she couldn't believe what you did, either."

I smiled leisurely. "What did Krissy have to say about it?"

"Krissy said that she wished you'd be as forceful and as domineering with her sometimes, too!"

I chuckled, shaking my head "That's a bold-faced lie on her part. Kristanna Grimsmo is the least submissive woman I know."

The time was 9:10am and the date was Friday, June 29, 2018. Devon may not have been very high on my list of favorites right now - I was still horribly upset at her because of the cruel, harsh words she had concerning Pamela during her discussion with Trish this past Sunday night (though she didn't know it because I'd witnessed them from the voyeur room) - but I appreciated the fact that Devon was in my private quarters right now, helping me get ready for my impending trip to the mainland with Amy. I wanted to look right. The helicopter that would transport us to Peru's capital city of Lima was due to arrive in 20 minutes. I was really looking forward to finally getting Amy to the psychiatrist because, quite simply, it was the best thing for her. She needed the help.

Of course, Devon and I were discussing the events of what happened yesterday between Amy and yours truly. I'd travelled to a dark and taboo place in my decision to dominate and ultimately seize control of Amy, but felt it was necessary.

Not only would the new direction and guidance enliven her final couple of weeks on the island and most likely make them much more enjoyable, but I honestly believed that becoming the authority figure Amy so desperately wanted (and more importantly, needed) was the only possible way I could get her to seek medical assistance. It had to be me, no one else. I had to become her Master, and thus, make that decision for her.

It was a bold, calculated risk on my part - the boldest move I'd ever made, bar none, in fact - but it paid off as the end result was better than I could've ever imagined. There's no doubt about that. Amy put up no fight, no resistance whatsoever, which was vastly different than the handful of times I'd asked her to opt for mental health counseling in the past.

Truth be told, Amy needed professional care much more than she did a dominant authority figure right now in her life. Making sure she got the treatment and subsequent medication that she'd require had been my endgame goal all along. I simply had to find a way to get Amy to agree to seek help. She'd been steadfast in her reluctance to do so, but that all changed yesterday. It wasn't easy, but the job was done.

I arranged for the medical appointment and ironed out all its details on my own, even asking Dr. Humala to be as in-depth and as thorough as he could in his assessment of Amy. Initial psychotherapy sessions generally last 45 to 60 minutes, but I'd booked her for four hours and was even paying the good doctor triple his normal rate. It was very important to me that Amy be given the proper diagnosis and treatment plan.

Devon giggled and tapped me on the nose with an extended fingertip as she continued to stand before me in my private bedroom. "Jeremy, you silly thing! Women do not have to be submissive for them to want their man to be a little rough and forceful with them. Being overpowered... it can truly feel exhilarating at times - IF it is done in a safe, controlled manner, and with the right partner."

"The problem with that," I mused, watching Devon as she now adjusted my shirt collar, "is that Krissy would want to turn the tables and be all rough and tumble with ME. I'm not sure my fragile, little ego could handle that."

Devon giggled at my remark. "You think Krissy would use all those karate skills of hers and judo-chop your ass?"

I suppressed a laugh. "I wouldn't put it past her! I've just never looked at Krissy as being one bit submissive. If anything, she's the take-charge, we're-doing-this-my-way type. She was even that way at 19 when I first met her."

Devon smiled coyly. "I like it when Krissy turns all superior and uses her strength to overpower me. I never really thought of subbing to another woman before, but I think it would be really HOT if I did it with Krissy."

"Oh, I do too, Devon. I do too." I could picture it now...

"That chick has eight inches on me! She towers over me like a skyscraper and sometimes, it can be intimidating. But in a good way, you know? To me, Krissy is the ideal woman."

"I got you about the height thing," I assured her. "She's almost as tall as me."

"It was awesome what you did for Amy yesterday. Just awesome." Devon put the finishing touches upon my shirt collar and thus, my overall appearance. I looked in the mirror. Damn, I was handsome! Devon must've phoned in a miracle. "I almost fainted and had a heart attack in the voyeur room when you made Amy stand in the corner, her body quivering and her emotions on edge, only to then slip that note into her hand and basically DEMAND that she get the help that she needs." Devon blushed and ended, "I almost creamed myself!"

"You did?"

"Do you have any idea how many MILLIONS of women across the planet would have given ANYTHING to trade places with Amy yesterday, Jeremy? Oh my God! What you did - taking control of her like that - you may not believe it, but it's a secret fantasy for LOTS of women. You even put Amy over your knee and spanked her! I'd say, having sex in a public place and a power play - submitting, relinquishing control - are the two biggest fantasies for most women. Over half of us, I'd say, even if we never admit it to another soul our whole life."

I must confess myself, I found it incredibly awkward to talk with Devon about events she witnessed in the voyeur room as if she'd known about it all along. The voyeur room, of course, destroyed any chance I had at a relationship with Pamela. Actually, I was the one who destroyed it. Yep, all my fault. Regardless, Devon knew about the voyeur room long before Pamela did. Kristanna informed her about its existence and why we both used it without even consulting me first. Kristanna's reasoning was that if Devon and I became an item and perhaps one day wanted to get married, she had to know about the voyeur room sooner rather than later.

Why not tell her now, Kristanna thought, instead of waiting for later? Because if we progressed in our relationship any further and Devon found about the voyeur room later, subsequently became upset and wanted to sever all ties with me, it would hurt even more. I suppose it made sense. Devon should find out earlier, Kristanna thought, before she and I became too entrenched in our budding romance.

Pamela had found out... later. And because I'd allowed myself to fall so deeply in love with her, essentially lose myself in her, the pain of Pamela breaking up with me was even more tremendous now. I was keeping afloat emotionally these days, preoccupying myself with Amy, Trish and Kristanna, and so on, but I maintain the opinion that once these girls return home next month, the crash and burn for me was going to be colossal. I'll crawl into a heartbroken hole and never come out.

"From start to finish yesterday, I was trembling and shaking the whole way through." I wasn't afraid to admit that to Devon. I wasn't dominant at all and nothing of what I did came naturally. I really had to work to get through it. "That whole afternoon with Amy was so out-of-character for me. I'd never done anything like that before. I'm surprised I made it through in one piece. Beforehand, Krissy was SURE that I was going to crack and wilt like a little flower."

"You proved her wrong!" Devon was happy today, vibrant. Yet I still couldn't shake the memory of what she said about Pamela to Trish this past weekend. I never will. "You did a GREAT job. I watched every minute of it in the voyeur room alongside Krissy last night. We were both AMAZED. I think it will do a world of good for Amy, too. A world of good!"

"I certainly hope so."

Just then, two quick, subtle knocks came to the entrance of my personal suite.

Not waiting for an answer, the door opened and in stepped the captivating duo of Kristanna and Amy. Normally, I would focus my attention upon the statuesque blonde from Norway and admire just how breathtaking and gorgeous of a woman she was whenever she first entered a room. It was damn near impossible not to. This time, however, the one whose appearance literally blew me away was Amy.

No, Amy wasn't wearing one of her trademark tops with the hot, erotic inscriptions sprawled across the front of them. My favorite thus far (and her most shocking) had been the _Filthy WHORE, Sin For Sale_ tank-top that she wore twice a week. Amy had a t-shirt that I enjoyed as well - across those overflowing breasts, there was an illustration of a giraffe and the words _Deep Throat_ next to it. The first time I saw it, I could not help but to laugh. It looked cute, silly, funny.

Amy didn't have on a flirty miniskirt either, which was another of her personal trademarks. Amy loved prancing around in little, glove-tight miniskirts and eliciting responses from not only me, but the all the other ladies as well. She had a luscious pair of legs, a great ass, and knew how to use them.

Nor was the 31-year-old dressed for a day out enjoying the island. She didn't have on a pair of sneakers and cotton shorts, with a t-shirt two sizes too small, and a string bikini underneath just in case the beach beckoned.

Truth is, there was nothing promiscuous or demonstrative about Amy's wardrobe right now. Not today; not with a trip to Peru and a visit to a health care provider on the horizon.

Amy looked much more different to me right now than she ever had before. I was used to wild and unabashed Amy, with her outlandish choice of attire and wear. I certainly wasn't accustomed to seeing Amy quite like this. But if a single word could accurately describe her appearance at this precise moment in time, it would be... stunning.

From initial glance, it appeared as if Amy had just stepped out of the board room of a multi-billion-dollar corporation. Amy looked like a power broker; perhaps even the CEO. She wore a stylish blazer top, its color beige, with a large, single button holding it together in front near her midriff. The fabric was a mixture of polyester and rayon. The blazer itself had long sleeves with buttoned cuffs and flap pockets on either side of her waistline.

Amy also had on a blouse with several black and white designs, but it was tough to make out because she had the blazer buttoned and mostly closed in front. In addition, the young woman wore a pair of straight-leg trousers that effortlessly matched her top in terms of color and appeal. The pants went all the way down to her ankles and then gave way to a pair of open-toe beige pumps with modest two-inch heels.

A great deal of time and effort had been put into Amy's hairstyle as well. The bright burgundy tresses, which were often kept loose and free-flowing, were neatly pinned-up and done in fashionable curls and ringlets. The look not only accentuated the full outline of Amy's neck and its slender contours, but also her spellbinding face as well.

"Oh my God!" Devon squealed, full of excitement, as she scurried over to Amy and grasped her wrists with both hands. She even hopped about, gushing, "Oh my God, Amy! You look fantastic! You look amazing!"

"I have Kristanna to thank for it." Amy bit her lip and offered a shy, red-faced smile. "Kristanna spent the past two hours giving me this make-over. I think my hair looks better than it did on my wedding day five years ago."

Devon turned toward Kristanna and smiled appreciatively. "Amy looks like a Hollywood movie star getting ready to walk the red carpet! Wow, Krissy! This was all your doing?"

"I outdid myself." Kristanna glanced at Amy one final time and admired her handiwork from head to toe. "It is what Jeremy wanted. He wanted Amy to look classy and distinguished for their day trip. I told him I'd take care of it."

"Did you ever!" Devon was still gushing. "Wow. Can I take a picture of you with my phone, Amy? Several pictures?"

"I have NEVER dressed like this in my life. Yeah, go ahead. I don't mind." Amy shifted her gaze my way and smiled faintly. "Do you like it, Jeremy? I... hope you do." The red-headed goddess glimpsed at herself momentarily in a nearby wall mirror, then turned her attention back to me and asked, "Is this how you wanted me to look?"

"Very much so." Oh, the grin upon my face was so wide it literally reached across to the mainland on its own. Kristanna had been critical of Amy in the past, but I really appreciated what she'd done for her with this makeover.

Amy looked good enough... to marry.

"You're radiant. Just radiant." I pulled Amy into my arms and offered her a warm, loving embrace, even tucking my chin over her shoulder. Oh, this woman felt so incredibly glorious and right in my arms. Could I bottle this one, perfect moment up and save it forever? Cherish it forever?

"We're going to have a fun day in Lima... just you and me. It's not all gonna be about seeing a psychiatrist and telling him your problems. We will go out to eat for lunch and perhaps even dinner. We'll also do some sightseeing, too. I'm going to show you a really good time today." I kissed her on the cheek. "I'm so proud of you, baby, for finally agreeing to seek help."

Amy laughed nervously. "You didn't leave me any choice, did you?" She then stepped away from me and smiled like a movie starlet presenting herself to the paparazzi as Devon clicked off a couple of photographs with her smartphone. Kristanna did the same with her own cellular device.

Then they took several snaps of me in my business attire.

"You're SUCH a lucky girl, Amy," Devon proclaimed once they'd finished with the photo opportunities. "Lima is such an interesting city. You get to spend the day there! Can you bring me back a souvenir or two? Maybe just a tiny, cheapy keychain? I love keychains. Don't get me anything too expensive."

"I'll see what I can do."

"We are still spending another day in Peru before the next two-and-a-half weeks are up, right?" Kristanna asked, wanting confirmation. "I mean... all of us? You did say you wanted to take all of us back to the mainland, Jeremy, one more time before everyone goes home on the 15th. Am I right?"

"Not this coming Monday, but the one after that. When is that? The... 9th? July 9th?" That was my plan, at least. "Everyone gets to see Lima one more time. I'm even taking you all back to that salon. If you weren't pampered and spoiled enough the first time, I'll make sure you are THIS time." I spent $59,000 at that salon for these girls last week! "Please make sure, Krissy, that you tell the others that when they start asking where Amy and I are today. Please tell them that I WILL take them for a day of sightseeing and pampering, gift-getting, in Peru one more time. I don't want anyone to get upset or feel slighted."

Now concerned, Amy glanced my way. "You think any of the others will be jealous that you took me to the city today?"

"How could they feel jealous?" Devon retorted. "Jeremy is taking you to the doctor! He's taking you there because you need it. Surely, they will understand that."

Amy shook her head at Devon as I implored, "No. Please don't tell the others why we are there. No one but us needs to know that Amy is going to see a psychiatrist. She has enough apprehension about seeing one as is. This is a personal and private matter for Amy, Devon. Please... DO NOT give any of the others even a CLUE as to why we went to Lima. The only ones who know are the four of us in this room."

What was the reason why Devon knew about all this, again? Was she in my inner circle, too? Was Devon great friends with Amy, someone she could lean on? No freaking way.

Oh wait, that's right - Kristanna saw fit to show Devon the footage in the voyeur room last evening. Why the hell did Kristanna do that? What business did Devon have knowing about Amy and her issues? No one else knew.

I didn't view it as something underhanded or suspicious on Kristanna's behalf. I trusted her implicitly, had no reason not to. Rather, it was a bad lapse of judgment on her part. She'd been inviting Devon into the voyeur room a lot here as of late and the two ladies pretty much looked at everything.

I needed to sit down and have a talk with Kristanna. Some of the conversations and situations on the island had to stay private. No one could see them except for Kristanna and me (and I'd all but avoided the voyeur room since Pamela learned of it Sunday night). Kristanna showing Devon the discussion I had with Amy two days ago in the forest where she'd bared her heart and soul to me about her personal issues and then my domination of her yesterday were two prime examples. Of all people, Devon Weaver had no right witnessing them.

Amy pouted. "Camille would make jokes about me behind my back if she found out I was going to see a psychiatrist! I don't want anyone else to know."

"You can't tell anyone," Kristanna stressed to Devon, before looking back at me. "I'll take care of it, Jeremy. If anyone asks, I'll just say that Amy had a personal issue that needed to be dealt with in the city and you had to go with her to straighten it out. I'll leave it at that."

"It's none of their FUCKING BUSINESS, anyway!"

Whoa. That was another one of Amy's mood swings. It was quick, sudden and worst of all, uncalled for. She'd already been assured that none of the other ladies would find out.

I consoled Amy, again bringing her into my arms and gazing deep into her eyes. "Settle down, honey. Shhhhh. Your secret is safe. We talked about this last night, didn't we? You need to work on suppressing that temper of yours." It was hair-trigger, to say the least. "It's not healthy. No one likes seeing this side of you. It'll be okay. The others won't have a clue that you're going to see a psychiatrist today." I reached down and placed a firm, possessive hand on her ass. "There's no need to get angry, raise your voice. You're safe with me."

She was pouting. Big-time. "I'm sorry, Jeremy."

I wasn't going to be harsh and demanding with Amy 24/7 like I was yesterday. I'd never last. Rather, I'd save those dominant moments - times when I truly needed to remind Amy of her place - for when I felt they were necessary. It could be something subtle, too - like placing a strong hand on her ass, raising a semi-threatening eyebrow and/or deepening my voice to a dark, wicked tone, such as I just did.

And judging from Amy's response, mission accomplished.

"I'll take care of it personally," Kristanna reiterated. "No one will know."

Amy exhaled a long, deep breath and nodded gently. She knew that Kristanna could be counted on. "Thank you."

I smiled at her. "Better. Much better."

"You two should get down to the beach and the helipad," Kristanna suggested, gazing at her wristwatch. "Kevin will be here very shortly... if he's not already."

"Who is Kevin?" Devon inquired, suddenly puzzled.

"Kevin is the helicopter pilot," Kristanna answered. "Whenever Jeremy doesn't feel like taking the big boat to the mainland, he calls Kevin and asks him to fly him there instead via helicopter. Nearly every single time I've come to the island to visit Jeremy in the past, Kevin would fly me here. I'd stay for however long, then Kevin would simply return at the end of my visit and fly me back to the airport in Lima. Kevin always told me that Jeremy pays him extremely well for his services. Jeremy has made him a rich man!"
