 CHAPTER 27. "COMPANION"

While making my routine rounds throughout the estate's guest corridor on this Saturday evening, I overheard gentle sounds of passion emanating from within one of the bedrooms as I passed by its entrance. Forever the intrusive type, I pressed my ear to the door and listened carefully. Recognizing those unique, delicate moans, I knew almost immediately that they belonged to Lindsay. Those were her moans. There was some type of erotic pleasure being delivered to her body right now, but by whom? Which of the ladies was causing her to moan out in such arousal? Kristanna? Devon? Camille? All three of them? Surely, it couldn't have been Trish.

It wasn't Amy or Pamela, either. After our trip to the mainland yesterday, Amy had been feeling a bit out of sorts today and was currently resting comfortably in my private bedroom. No one would disturb her there. Last I saw Amy, she was napping. As for Pamela, well, she was in the library, still maintaining her _space_ from me and seemingly everyone else on the island. Pamela had turned into a recluse, literally living in the library these days, steering clear of everyone.

Pamela had managed to keep her _space_ since the early part of the week...

I'm sorry, but I hate that FUCKING WORD and whatever the hell it means! Because I still didn't quite understand.

Regardless, I needed to know who else was in the bedroom, causing sweet, innocent Lindsay to make those lusty sounds. I was nosey - hey, I freely admit it - so I gingerly turned the handle, not wanting to be heard, and opened the door just a crack. A tiny smidge. With a clear view of the center portion of the guest suite, my eyes literally popped from their sockets at what I saw.

Lindsay - the darling, fresh-faced 18-year-old - was completely nude and splayed out across the massive bed, her legs parted and knees in the air. She had a hand nestled between those firm, lithe thighs, with a trio of fingers massaging the swollen folds of her tender pussy. With no one else in the room, I now understood that those pleasurable groans had been strictly self-induced.

Lindsay Anastacio was masturbating!

She didn't yet realize that I was standing at the entrance to her private room, with the door ajar just enough for me to peek in and spy on her. I grinned as my cock began to stir and rustle about within my trousers. How long had Lindsay been masturbating? Seconds? Minutes? All night? How long would it be before she knew that I was watching her?

Whatever the case, I could tell that Lindsay greatly enjoyed the stimulation she was currently providing herself. Reclining flat on her back, her pelvis was twitching and squirming about somewhat as she busily fingered her pussy. Oh, that little pussy looked so moist, so delicious, so inviting. At the same time, Lindsay used her opposite hand to cup and squeeze one of her taut, firm breasts. It was a private moment, indeed, but I felt compelled to watch. To eavesdrop...

"Oh yeah, that feels so good." Lindsay's body continued to shudder and vibrate underneath her own caresses. By now, there was a growing lump within my trousers and it needed to be tended to. I sighed as well, reaching down and pressing my open palm upon the aching bulge. I rubbed it, which helped alleviate some of the tension. A hot, hungry, teen-aged mouth would do a much better job, though, don't you think?

Lindsay reluctantly withdrew her long, slender fingers from the silken joining of her thighs, but then smiled as her blue eyes focused upon the hand-held dildo that was perched upon the night-stand next to the bed. It had to be a loaner from Amy's legendary bag-of-toys, right? Upon closer inspection, I noticed it was the dildo Amy had nicknamed Anaconda. One of Amy's personal favorites, it was huge and black as could be. Just the way Amy once preferred her men, right? Lindsay licked her lips and grinned, then took hold of the obscene device and offered it an appreciative glare.

"Once you go black, you never go back," she snickered.

Lindsay let loose with a long, drawn-out moan as she used both hands to position the dildo between her thighs. Then, she began to slide its thick, monstrous tip up and down the glistening, soaked folds of her little slit.

My, oh, my.

I was positive that Lindsay was going to pierce her pussy with that dildo and go to town with it. Instead, she did something that I'd have never once imagined possible.

"Hi, Mr. Gordo!" Lindsay exclaimed, turning her head and focusing all her attention upon the teddy bear that was perched near her hip. "How are you? Have you had a good day today, buddy? Oh, don't think that I forgot about YOU!" Mr. Gordo, it should be noted, was perhaps Lindsay's most prized material possession. The stuffed animal - a brown bear - had been a fixture in her life since pre-school.

"Yeah, I've had better days myself too." Lindsay placed the dildo upon the mattress beside her right leg and then brought the teddy bear to her chest, embracing it warmly. Again, I smiled to myself. I'd never witnessed Lindsay actually speak to Mr. Gordo like this before. I thought nothing of it, however. I figured that Lindsay could act a little strange or weird because she believed that she was alone - and no one was watching her. We all do strange things in private, right?

I know I do.

"What was that, Mr. Gordo? What did you say?" Smiling, Lindsay placed the teddy bear's face close to her ear. "Really? You'd do that for me? OH... you're such a great friend!"

An instant later, my jaw literally hit the floor as Lindsay used both hands to hold Mr. Gordo upside-down, then guide its brown, furry face between her widespread thighs. She let out a passion-filled moan while moving the teddy bear over and across her exposed pussy, its plastic nub of a nose caressing her little, swollen clitoris.

"Hmmmmm." Lindsay sighed, her hips starting to slowly undulate once again. "Oh, Mr. Gordo... you love my pussy, don't you?" She giggled uncontrollably. "You've ALWAYS helped me get off like this..."

Obviously, I watched in shocked silence as Lindsay used her cherished, life-long friend of a teddy bear to help her masturbate. I'd always thought that Lindsay was perhaps a little too old to be so attached to a stuffed animal like Mr. Gordo, but apparently, she had a good reason for it.

"Oh yeah!" Lindsay shrieked, her movements and actions becoming more animated. "Oh yeah, FUCK ME! Yes, Mr. Gordo! Fuck me! Fuck me with your face! OOOOOH YEAH... YESSSSS!"

What. The. Hell.

"Oh Mr. Gordo, that feels so good! Fuck me, baby, make me yours! You know I love you, Mr. Gordo! I've always loved you!" The bulge within my trousers now felt as if it was set to burst. I couldn't believe that Lindsay was using her teddy bear in such a manner! I mean, do any other women in the world do this too?

Unable to control myself any longer, I stepped into the guest bedroom and offered Lindsay a big, toothy grin. I just had to make my presence known. "I finally understand why Mr. Gordo is so important to you, honey..."

Lindsay suddenly sat up with a look of abject horror upon her face. Perhaps on instinct, she tossed the teddy bear elsewhere. But a split-second later, Lindsay realized that she'd been caught red-handed. Embarrassment washed over her features as she now knew that I'd been watching her.

"Oh God..." she cried, covering her face with both hands in shame and shaking her head. Just like that, poor Lindsay was a mess. "I... oh God... this is so embarrassing!" She shook her head once more and whined, "Oh God, Jeremy. Why? How long have you been standing there? WHYYYYY?"

"It's okay, sweetheart." My tone was soft, soothing, not condescending in the slightest, as I slowly walked over to the bed and joined Lindsay there. "Settle down, okay?" It wasn't in me to poke fun at her or run off and tell the others what I saw. I'd never do that.

I reached down and picked Mr. Gordo up off the floor, then put it upon the mattress next to Lindsay. She breathed anxiously and sniffed several times in succession. I also noticed that the stuffed animal had a fair amount of slick moisture across its face, especially its nose.

"This is so embarrassing!" Lindsay reiterated, still whining, looking at me through a sheet of tears. "I... NO ONE has EVER saw me use Mr. Gordo like that before." She gulped her throat and sobbed, "What are you DOING here, Jeremy?"

Suddenly, I felt awful. I took Lindsay into my arms and held her gently, saying, "I'm sorry, sweetheart. I didn't come here with the exact intention to spy on you. I was walking by in the hallway and when I heard noises from outside the door, I just had to peek inside. I wondered what was going on..."

I retrieved Mr. Gordo with my right hand and placed it against Lindsay's bare, flat stomach, allowing her to hold it there. She clutched it with both hands, but again shook her head as I slowly but surely ended our embrace.

"This is so embarrassing!" Lindsay again repeated. "God, please don't tell Devon or Amy about this, Jeremy." She was mortified. "Devon is always teasing me because I keep Mr. Gordo here in my room. Devon would have a field day if she knew that I used Mr. Gordo to help get off. And Amy? OH GOD... Amy would NEVER let me hear the end of it! Please, Jeremy! PLEASE, for the love of God, don't tell either of them!"

"Sweetheart..." I grinned, shaking my own head at her. "Your secret is safe with me. I won't tell." I kissed her on the cheek as her whole body shook at the prospects of the others finding out. What about (that bitch) Camille? She'd never let Lindsay live it down if she knew what I'd caught her doing, either. "I'd never do anything to hurt or embarrass you in front of the others. Never." I brought Lindsay's hand to my mouth and kissed it, hoping to drive home the point.

I'd also have to tell Kristanna at the earliest opportunity that she was not to show this footage to Devon in the voyeur room. Seeing this would be none of Devon's business.

"I'm embarrassed now," Lindsay fretted, glancing down at the stuffed animal, before turning her attention back toward me. "I, oh God... you SAW me doing that with Mr. Gordo!"

I smiled, acting cool, calm, collected. "There's no reason to feel that way, honey. I would never look down on you for anything. Trust me, your secret is safe. I won't let anyone know. You have my word that I won't tell anyone."

In fact, Kristanna didn't need to know, either. Perhaps I should erase all video evidence of what I'd just saw at the earliest opportunity just in case?

"Isn't it kind of weird, though?" Lindsay appeared to be settling down somewhat. Outside of Camille, all the ladies seemed to have faith in me when I told them something. Lindsay knew that I'd keep my word here. "I mean... me, using my teddy bear like that? Isn't it strange?"

I shrugged my shoulders. "All of us do strange things at one time or another. We're human." Me? I've been known to have long, ongoing discussions with my cats. True story.

"You promise you won't tell anyone?"

"Of course I promise. Would I ever lie to you, Lindsay? Have I ever lied to you?"

"No, you haven't." Lindsay took a solid, deep breath. "You've been fair and honest with me since the beginning." She wiped her brow with a forearm, finally accepting the fact that her naughty, little secret was safe with me.

I smiled again. "How long have you been using your teddy bear to masturbate and pleasure yourself?"

She pouted as a pink blush crept up her face. "Since I was 13 or 14, probably. Mr. Gordo was my dildo before I even knew what a dildo was. He was my way to get off. I... I've always loved the feel of his face on my pussy. He... can still make me cream my pussy today. His face... really gets me off."

"Is this the reason you still have him around?"

Lindsay hesitated, then offered a sheepish grin and nodded her head. "Yes, it is. 90 percent of the reason, yes. He can help get me off when I'm feeling incredibly horny and there is no one else around. Which, you know, before I came to the island, there was never anyone around."

I cupped her face with my right hand and wiped away some of those excess tears with my thumb and forefinger. "Not only are you adorable, Miss Lindsay, but you are also priceless. I would've never guessed. You... and your teddy bear."

"You sure you don't think it's too strange or wrong?"

"Wrong?" I chuckled inwardly. "Not at all, dear. Not at all. I think it is wonderful!"

Lindsay offered me an odd look, but eventually seemed to accept my answer as truth. "Mr. Gordo has always helped me get off. I know it's really... odd... for me to do this, but sometimes, I... I... I just can't help myself."

"Hmmmmm." I again held the 18-year-old in my arms and kissed the crown of her head. "So very adorable, honey, and so priceless! You'll never know just how much." I paused briefly. "I only wish you'd told me that you had a furry, little friend for a lover long before now. I like to know about these things."

"Mr. Gordo?" Lindsay was giggling. "He is NOT my lover!"

"You sure talked to Mr. Gordo like he's your lover," I countered, teasing her, which actually made the blonde's face again flush red with embarrassment. "You were begging a stuffed animal to fuck you, help you get off. You even told Mr. Gordo that you love him." To ease her level of sudden embarrassment, I kissed Lindsay on the cheek and told her, "You should've let me know, sweetheart. No need to feel strange or funny about it. You're with me now."

"You want to know everything about me, don't you?"

"Of course I do. I want to know all of your nasty, little secrets." Lindsay and I only had a little more than two weeks left to be together, right? It was depressing to think that she and all the others would be leaving me forever soon. "I want us to share and be open with each other. I want to know everything, baby. I've told you that since you first came here."

"You know a whole lot already," Lindsay fretted. "And as far as nasty, little secrets, none are worse than what you just caught me doing with Mr. Gordo."

"Teddy bears are not meant to be used as masturbation toys." I eyed her tender, nubile body. She was absolutely flawless from head to toe. "Obviously, they can be. You've given me ample proof of that, honey. Do you have any other secrets you care to share with me?"

Lindsay hesitated for a moment, then shook her head. "Not really, Jeremy. This was about the only thing that I've really kept from you, or anyone else, for that matter. Honestly. Nothing gets more private or personal than what you just saw me doing with my teddy bear." She paused once more before saying, "You're quite the inquisitive one. How about you tell me your secrets, huh?"

I grinned playfully. "I'll tell you something, sweetheart, but I guess it's not all that much of a secret."

"What's that?"

"I find you irresistible. The way you look; the way you talk and act. The way you smell. The way you smile when you laugh. Your eyes, your hair; everything. Everything about you, I find totally and 100 percent completely irresistible."

"That's no secret." Lindsay was giggling again. "Very sweet, but certainly no secret. But with every nice thing you say about me, buster, I can say the same about you."

"Will you do me a favor, honey?"

"What? I'll do anything for you, Jeremy. You know that."

"Show me exactly how Mr. Gordo can get you off. I want to watch him... pleasure you."

Lindsay's face again turned red. "Oh, I don't know about that. It's... that's so private. I... really don't mind masturbating for you. You know that. But with Mr. Gordo..."

"Show me." I kissed Lindsay on the forehead, my tone soft and respectful. "I want to see." Not waiting for an answer, I rose to my knees and slid in directly behind her back. Now seated upon my knees, I placed both arms around Lindsay from behind and gently pulled her shoulders against my chest. Her nude, little body felt like a featherweight upon my much larger frame. Oh, so nice. How many 39-year-old men get to talk to and fondle a teen-ager fresh off the proverbial bus like this? Damn, I was lucky. Not bragging, mind you, just incredibly lucky. I kissed the crown of Lindsay's head and pleaded, "Show me, sweetheart. I want to see. I won't tell anyone, I promise." Not even Kristanna. "You can trust me."

Lindsay squealed and fretted about for a moment or two, but then looked back my way over her shoulder and slowly nodded her head. "This... I never thought I'd do in front of anyone." She leaned down and gently kissed the crown of her precious teddy bear's head as she held it against her midriff.

"I'm not just anyone, honey. You can trust me." My hands slid downward and eased over top of her humble breasts. "You do know that you can trust me, yes? I'd never hurt you. I'd never do anything to wrong you. Never in a million years. You're way too precious." I cupped and squeezed both breasts, causing her to moan and vibrate in response. "Show me how Mr. Gordo helps you get off. C'mon... please show me."

"O-Okay."

Holding it upside-down in front of her naked body, Lindsay slowly but surely moved the stuffed animal between her spread thighs. At the same time, I groped and massaged those wondrous breasts even harder than before while splaying a series of wet, slick kisses along her neck and shoulder. She felt so divine against me!

"Do it, honey. Show me."

"Hmmmmm." Lindsay pressed the back of her head hard upon my shoulder as Mr. Gordo's face brushed over and across her swollen slit. "Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah." She caught somewhat of a rhythm, slowly rubbing herself, as I retrieved the huge dildo that'd been in use moments ago from beside her right leg.

"Open up and say ahhhhh." My words were a whisper as I moved the dildo toward Lindsay's mouth. She parted her lips at initial contact and I slipped the dildo between them. Lindsay turned her face halfway to glance back at me yet again, but then began to suck and slurp on the dildo as if it was a real cock. My cock, perhaps? Mine was the only one that had penetrated her thus far in her young life, right? It was all she knew. Regardless, Lindsay groaned as I began to thrust the dildo in-and-out of her mouth at a brisk, steady pace. It was huge, very thick, and stretched her lips tremendously.

Meanwhile, my opposite hand was still cupping and squeezing one of her breasts. Lindsay's moans, her passion level, was rapidly increasing. Her movements as she busily frigged her pussy with Mr. Gordo's face (and perhaps most importantly, his plastic nose) were becoming more animated. And lastly, the sounds of sheer hunger and lust emanating from deep within her throat as she sucked and slurped upon Anaconda was pure music to my ears.

"His nose is what gets you the most, isn't it? Mr. Gordo's nose?" She gave a simple nod as I watched the plastic nub caress and stroke her little clitoris. How insane was it for her to be doing this for me? "Oh, baby. Thank you for sharing this with me. Thank you so much." I kissed Lindsay on the neck once more, then blew in her ear and nibbled it gently.

Her entire body shivered in response.

"You are a bad, bad girl," I whispered in that ear. "You can act all sweet and righteous, and innocent, but down deep, you are a bad girl and you will always be a bad girl." My words were a little over the top and I allowed myself to get swept away in the moment. "After Mr. Gordo has his way with you, missy, there's really only one thing left for me to do to you."

"Fuck me?" she garbled, her mouth full.

"Oh yes, fuck you. You need it really bad." I gave her breasts a hard, unrelenting squeeze. "And I'm going to give it to you."

"Hmmmmm." Lindsay again leaned her head upon my shoulder and groaned, momentarily closing her eyes, as she began to suck on the dildo even harder. Those lips were made for sucking cock! Of course, Lindsay had really gotten off in the past when Amy would use dildos and similar sex toys on her.
