 CHAPTER 28. "CONNUBIAL"

I found myself unable to move -- literally frozen in place -- on this lazy Sunday afternoon as I stood at the entranceway to the recreation room. Inside, Trish Sinclair was relaxing upon one of the leather floor comforters, a pair of earphones atop her head, with an accompanying Apple iPod Nano clipped to her belt. Trish was swaying back-and-forth in a gentle, rocking motion; obviously, she enjoyed whatever musical selection that was currently on her playlist. Up to this point, at least, Trish didn't realize that I'd been silently admiring her for several, long seconds from such a short distance.

Was there anything not to like and fully appreciate about this young woman? Trish's dedication to physical fitness and a healthy lifestyle were front and center as she lounged in workout gear that showcased her enviable physique. The 30-year-old flaunted her sensational legs in a pair of clingy gray leggings and wore black trainers on her feet. A matching crop-top with long sleeves that ended at Trish's midriff, with a sassy, off-the-shoulder design to boot, was a true sight to behold. The angelic glow of her smooth skin and her long, sunshine-blonde hair were both dazzling and otherworldly at the same time. Those shiny red lips and cocoa-brown eyes seemed to draw all the light in the room toward her. More than just pretty, Trish was literally perfect with nary a blemish, her complexion as naturally colorful as a woman wearing the most expertly applied cosmetics.

Dare I say it, but Trish was the hottest woman on the island. Bar none, no doubt. That's one area where she easily eclipsed Pamela Prescott and all the others. Trish was a cool chick, the ultimate girl -- she could play down and dirty sports with the guys one moment and then dazzle them with her immense beauty the next. A woman of a million men's dreams.

In contradiction to the arrogance that oftentimes came with such stunning good looks, Trish didn't behave like the typical social media-absorbed diva that was commonplace in today's digital age, for she was hardly consumed with the kind of ego that a young, beautiful woman might feel she was entitled to possess. Instead, Trish was self-effacing and outgoing, often found volunteering at the same homeless shelter in downtown Toronto every Sunday morning. There she served up hot food and bright, cheery smiles to the unfortunate men and women of the streets. She was also a Big Sister to several foster home girls in her hometown of Crystalfort, all of whom were praying to be adopted one day, for Trish was sympathetic toward the mixture of hope and despair that each girl in an orphanage felt.

She was beautiful -- both inside and out - beyond the boundaries of what simple, written words could describe. Trish was a sweetheart whose friendly, outgoing disposition could even endear her to the most jaded of individuals. She had a heart of pure gold and truly cared for others around her. Any normal, red-blooded man would happily lose himself in a woman such as Trish and revel in her countless charms from now until the end of eternity. Even, beyond eternity.

So how come I couldn't bring myself to fall in love with Trish and perhaps have a happily ever after with her? What was holding me back from pushing past the friend zone and evolving to something greater with Trish?

Was it because she reminded me of Pamela? Both ladies were buxom and shapely blonde bombshells but, as you may imagine, there was only one Pamela in my eyes and it was killing me that she and I weren't together anymore. I didn't want to find a replacement for Pamela, a lesser facsimile perhaps, nor would it be fair to the other woman. I've already stated on numerous occasions that Trish deserved nothing but the best in life. Someone who would love her unconditionally. If I married Trish -- because they were so physically alike -- I had the fear that I'd be reminded of Pamela every day for the rest of my life, having to play the dreaded what if game.

Or was it something else? Trish had a unique personality and a wicked sense of humor. She was a fun person to be around, full of confidence and attitude, and brimming with a limitless zest, an infectious energy. As strange as this may sound, but was _that_ the reason why I couldn't look at Trish as being anything more than just a cool chick? Someone I simply liked to hang out with and talk to? She was so incredibly peppy and lively that it contrasted way too much with my quieter, overly mundane approach to life?

Would trying to keep up with Trish in a relationship, even a marriage, be too much for me to handle? Not saying anything negative or crude about her, mind you. Rather, Trish lived her life at such a frenetic, breakneck speed -- always on the go -- and (perhaps) I feared I couldn't keep pace with her.

If so, that was pretty fucking sad on my part. I'd wasted so many years -- 16 of them -- alone on this island, isolated from the rest of society, putting up mental barriers, blockades, of my own. Trish and I clearly had a mutual attraction and a lot of chemistry together. This past Wednesday evening I spent with her involved some of the best sex of my entire life.

But I wouldn't allow myself to go any further with Trish because she... intimidated me? Huh? Did that make any logical sense whatsoever? Her approach to life was too fast?

Pretty fucking sad, indeed.

Perhaps the type of woman I ultimately needed in my life was more reserved, more low-key. Someone who'd rather spend the night cuddling on the sofa in front of the fireplace instead of challenging her limits at the downtown gym. Someone who'd pass on another bungee jumping adventure in favor of a quiet, relaxing afternoon at the library where she'd...

Oh, wait.

The library?

_Fuck_!

As Trish knelt upon the leather floor cushion, listening to her Apple iPod Nano with its earphones atop her head, I couldn't help but to smile at her. God, despite everything I just mentioned, simply being around this woman made me feel warm and happy inside. Trish still hadn't realized that I was at the doorway watching her. I wondered just exactly what music she was listening to today. How many women in Trish's age group claim that Elvis Presley and Sam Cooke are their two favorite musicians? She did, though -- proving to be even more unique - but sometimes liked to mix things up by rocking to the tunes of artists such as Missy Elliot and Avril Lavigne.

I knew full well that I was an extremely fortunate man to have a woman like Trish Sinclair in my life, though it was for a very brief, limited time. Exactly two weeks from now, Trish would return to her homeland of Canada and her life would carry on as normal.

Unfortunately, it seemed mine would as well. Trish would go back to her family, her fitness trainer career and enjoy a happy, productive life while, unless something drastic changes, I may slide right back into oblivion.

Trish was _right there_ in front of me! Everything I'd ever hoped and fantasized about was right there, ripe for the picking, and I was too damn afraid to take the risk and go for it with Trish because I secretly feared _I'd slow her down._

And as if on cue, I stepped away from the entrance, literally fading back into the darkened shadows, leaving Trish all by her lonesome, not even alerting her of my presence. It was time to stealth back upstairs and pretend I never went to the recreation room to talk with Trish after all.

Perhaps oblivion was what I truly deserved.

* * *

It was much later in the afternoon when, after a very quick and much-needed swim in the outdoor pool, I toweled off and ventured back into the mansion. I'd experienced the high of helping Amy two days ago and the rock-bottom low of my realization concerning Lindsay yesterday when she all but admitted that her sole purpose in coming to the island was the money and, worst of all, she didn't care about any of us. Not one bit, and that news was soul-crushing to me. My mood was not made any better when I saw Trish hours ago and eventually walked away from her without uttering a word.

My current destination was my private bedroom, but when I passed the library, I noticed out of the corner of my eye that someone was inside. Naturally, I thought that person was Pamela. After all, Pamela had become totally synonymous with the library. Quite the avid reader, the library had literally become Pamela's private haven. Perhaps this would be an opportunity for me just to pop in and say something nice to her? Nothing complex or too pushy, of course. We hadn't spoken, besides a quick hello, in six whole days...

However, Pamela wasn't in the library. I was somewhat surprised to find Kristanna Grimsmo - of all people - seated at the center table within the library instead. She was seemingly transfixed into a book that dealt with - get this - molecular biology. Puzzled at the unique (for her) choice, I approached Kristanna and made my presence known.

"What are you reading? Molecular biology? Since when do you have an interest in molecular biology?"

Kristanna put the book down and laughed. She loved to laugh. Kristanna had a beautiful, highly infectious laugh. "I was going to be a biology major in college before deciding on archaeology. I wanted to be a biologist!"

"A biologist? You? A biologist? YOU?" I may be feeling down at the moment, but leave it to Kristanna to get a rise -- an animated reaction -- out of me.

"Yes... me!" Damn, this woman had been the cure for so many of the problems I'd faced since I met her four years ago. Could Kristanna come to my rescue one more time? Could she help me find my way out of the doldrums because of what I was going through with not only Pamela, but Lindsay as well? Could she help me make sense of whatever the hell happened when I was spying on Trish earlier? If anyone could, it was Kristanna. "In fact, I had many career aspirations and goals before deciding on archaeology." 

I felt my mouth quirk up. "Is that so? What were they?"

"I wanted to be a race car driver, a drummer, learn to play the piano... be a jet-fighter pilot, a make-up artist and then join the circus... walk the trapeze. I wanted to be a ballet dancer, an actress, be a comedian, a sculptor and then design my own clothing line. That's about it."

Kristanna went through all that in quick, rapid-fire succession, with such a goofy expression on her face, that I momentarily found myself speechless. I believe she made all of that up on the fly, even without any prior thought. It was an ability that not many people could claim to have.

It'd been quite comical to listen to her ramble on about her aspirations. A race car driver? A jet-fighter pilot? I could just imagine Kristanna at the helm of the Norwegian version of the F-16 Fighting Falcon. That sure would be a sight to see! I could also envision Kristanna threatening to bomb my island (jokingly, of course) with nuclear missiles if I failed to meet her demands. At the top of the list? More pets on the island. The woman had turned my house into a zoo!

"Would your clothing line have those crazy Viking hats and caps you like to wear on occasion?"

"Of course it would. I think that every American should wear Viking hats! The United States is a colony of Norway, you know. Leif Ericson - a Norse like me - discovered it... NOT Christopher Columbus." Kristanna folded her arms and offered me an impish, playful expression. "You should bow down, Jeremy, and kiss my Norwegian feet."

"Why don't you kiss MY feet instead?"

Kristanna made a face and exclaimed, "I'm not about to kiss your rotten, smelly feet!"

I laughed at her reaction. "You're crazy, Krissy. Nuts. Each time you tell me that Leif Ericson story, I can't help but to laugh." The woman was a true gem. "My feet are far from rotten and smelly, too. They're clean and pristine."

"Clean and pristine?" Kristanna huffed. "Yeah... RIGHT."

"When was the last time you got a good ass whipping?" Kristanna burst into hysterical laughter as I continued in a spirited tone, "You've had an attitude problem lately."

The 23-year-old shook her head and giggled, "When was the last time YOU had a good, hard ass whipping, Jeremy?"

I smiled yet again. "I might need one myself, yes."

Kristanna displayed her infectious personality once more by using a deep, over-exaggerated southern accent in saying, "I gots me a 55 gallon drum of whoop ass and I be right fixin' to pour it all over YOU."

I held both hands up in mock defense and chuckled at her. How could this woman make me perk up so damn effortlessly? I'd been feeling fairly awful for most the day thus far! "Anything but that! You know I couldn't handle that!" Her accent sounded like she hailed from the deepest hills of Kentucky. Kristanna was quite the character, indeed.

"How about a blowjob?" Kristanna wondered, licking her lips. "When was the last time you got one of them?"

"It's been a while." When was it, exactly? Ahh, yes... three days ago during the disciplinary encounter I had with Amy in my private suite. And before that, it'd been a week-and-a-half during the threesome I shared with Pamela and Lindsay. Pamela was so incredibly happy and carefree that day around me, calling my pet rabbit, Bugs Bunny, the bunny gremlin...

Could I go back in time to that day and wrap my arms around Pamela, never let her go? Maybe just drop everything and run off to Maryland with her on the spot? That way, Pamela would've never found out about the voyeur room.

"How about a blowjob from me? Would you like that?"

"Ummmmm... yes." Well, those words certainly broke me out of the pity party I was feeling for myself.

With a smile on her face, Kristanna rose up from her chair at the table and then made her way over to me. She placed her left hand on my hip and wrapped her right arm around my body, then moved her lips toward mine for a kiss.

"You've had a tough week, haven't you?" she commented, full of sympathy. "I need to cheer you up."

I slipped both of my arms around Kristanna's tall, statuesque figure and held her tightly as our tongues dueled together between our open-mouthed kiss. My left hand ventured south and cupped her firm, tight ass, while my right latched onto one of her breasts and gently caressed it.

Having _friends with benefits_ was awesome...

Oh, this felt so good after all the drama I'd been through since last weekend. Kristanna would never ask me for space or become so angry that she refused to talk to me for six days (and counting). Nor would she make disparaging remarks about my mother and how Mom should've swallowed the night that I was conceived (Camille can go to Hell, by the way, for all I care). And despite all the financial wealth I had -- somewhere around two billion dollars -- Kristanna, in the four years I've known her, had never asked me for one red cent.

"Money means nothing to me," she told me in 2015 when I wanted to gift her a generous lump sum. I offered Kristanna seven figures for simply being her -- a person who'd been so incredibly kind to me - but she flat-out refused it. "Maintaining my health and living a happy, stress-free life is of far greater importance to me than anything money can buy. It's the only thing that truly matters."

Kristanna was the type of person who could do anything with her life, but at age 23, she still opted to live on the organic fruit farm where she grew up in Fredrikstad, Norway. She still had the same bedroom she had as an infant. The girl loved her parents, adored them, and worked for a small wage at the ice cream parlor on their farm. She enjoyed living and working there, constantly being around animals, and had no plans of ever really leaving it. She even dropped out of college because of homesickness. Kristanna was grounded -- fiercely loyal to those who were good to her -- and incredibly happy.

That's all that truly mattered, right?

"Just to think..." I offered once our kiss was broken, our noses touching and bumping. "When I went by the library a few minutes ago, I saw a blonde head and thought it was Pamela. I was actually hoping that it was her. But now, I'm even more glad that YOU'RE here." That was no lie. Kristanna's mere presence had cheered me up immensely. If Pamela was here instead, who knows how our conversation would go?

"Pamela was in the library with me until just five minutes ago," Kristanna mused. "She said she was going on a picnic with Trish. I thought about going too, but decided to stay in the mansion for the day. I feel like taking it easy."

"I had the strangest dream last evening." That may have come out of left field, so to speak, but Kristanna was used to it from me. "I dreamt that Pamela and Amy were having sex with each other and I was watching them from the voyeur room. Then, all of a sudden, when Amy was going down on Pamela, Pamela screamed out MY name instead of Amy's."

"Someone screaming out YOUR name when they're having sex with another person altogether?" Kristanna was giggling, all too amused. "The only place that'd ever happen, Jeremy, is in your dreams. And it did!"

Gently chuckling, I lifted the hem of Kristanna's flimsy dress and stroked the bare, supple skin of her ass. It was beautiful. "You'll never scream out someone else's name when you and I have sex together... will you, angel?"

Kristanna laughed at my suggestion. "Each time I have sex with you, Jeremy, I always think of Valdemar."

"Valdemar? Who the fuck is Valdemar?"

"Valdemar was one of my old boyfriends I had in Norway. We went to school together." Kristanna gazed up at me with eyes full of mischief. That's the thing about Kristanna. She was always looking for a reaction; to get me to laugh. "You know, one of the guys I had on the side while I was with Mike and Carolyn. Whenever I'm with you, Jeremy, I think of Valdemar and that helps get me through it!"

Kristanna squealed and yelped as I offered her ass a good, forceful slap underneath the hemline of her dress. Her pretty eyes flashing, she then snickered and focused on me. "Now what in the WORLD was THAT for?"

"For being a naughty girl," I answered, my hand busily stroking and massaging her sweet ass. So. Fucking. Tight! Indeed, being anywhere close to Kristanna felt like therapy to me. I felt so much better already. "And dreaming of that Valdemar dude when you're having sex with me."

"You know I'm only joking!" Kristanna pecked my cheek with a kiss. "I don't have many fond memories of Valdemar, to tell you the truth. He cheated on me and I caught him."

"Did you judo-chop his ass?"

Kristanna laughed again. She was an expert in Krav Maga, an Israel form of the martial arts. I always joked in the past that if I ever needed a bodyguard, Kristanna would be my first choice. "No... but I should have! I really should have! It would have taught him a lesson!"

"I love you so much, Krissy," I told her, grinning, with both arms now encircling her shoulders. Oh, it was true. Kristanna finally professed her love for me seven nights ago and I did the same. It wasn't lip service. With everything that's happened recently, it may be easy to forget that. Of course, I loved Pamela too. Clearly a lot more. "You're so nice and sweet... and you ALWAYS make me laugh. I really should have thought more about a relationship with you when we first met. I should've married you a long, long time ago."

Did a light bulb -- a moment of sudden realization -- just go off in my head with those words?

"I'm happy for what we have now, Jeremy. You and I could've gotten married and moved to Norway, yes... but then we'd have never met Pamela and Amy. Or any of the other girls for that matter. Amy would still be in Cincinnati. She'd still be miserable, spiraling down the path of self-destruction. I agree with what you said about her a few days ago. Amy is much more submissive than I ever realized."
