 CHAPTER 29. "RETROSPECTIONS"

-*- Friday, July 17, 2015 -*-

-*- Pinyon Pines, California -*-

***** THREE YEARS AGO // FLASHBACK *****

"Are you... trouble?"

"Umm... I've been called... trouble before, ya," Kristanna said in response, her smirk matching mine, as the California desert scenery zoomed by and shined in all its glory around us. The temperature outside may have been scorching hot at 108 degrees Fahrenheit, but the view as we zoomed along California State Route 74 - the Palms to Pines Scenic Byway - in our rental car, a 2015 Chevrolet Corvette z06, was astonishing. Mountains, canyons, sand dunes, black lava beds, palm groves, flowers and miles of dry, cracked earth created a stunning landscape that was unique, unrivaled. It was the polar opposite of my private island home, yet just as beautiful.

"One thing I like about you is that you look like you have a secret ALL THE TIME."

Kristanna, whose pretty, bare feet were perched upon the dashboard as she relaxed next to me in the passenger seat, pointed behind us with a thumb. "I was just thinking back there, when we left Palm Springs, that I have a secret and I'm not gonna tell ANYBODY... not even you, Jeremy. Especially you!" Kristanna did her best to suppress a cute, silly chuckle, but failed miserably. "I'm not gonna do it. Not now. No way."

I feigned extreme disappointment. "Is it because I wouldn't LIKE the secret?"

Kristanna tossed her hands into the air and shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know! I'm just saying shit. I don't know. I don't have... I don't know!"

"So your secret is you have no secret?"

"Exactly! Nothing," she tapped on the side of her skull with several knuckles, adding, "is going on up here right now. It's kind of empty. Everything is a... blank."

My eyes went narrow. "Come on. You have plenty going on in that brain of yours."

"Well, I don't know. I mean, what? I have no idea." Kristanna was insanely attractive, but could be weird as fuck at the same time. Her quirkiness was off-the-charts, but oddly charming as well. It was all by design. I'd never known a woman with such a dry sense of humor and a deep, deadpan delivery, but Kristanna had grown on me in the 18 months since we first met in Peru and became good friends. This was her normal personality and, with Kristanna, it was love it or leave it. She was not about to change her ways for anyone.

The date was Friday, July 17, 2015 (nearly three years before our sudden, surprise engagement in 2018 (so yes, this is a _flashback chapter_)) and Kristanna had somehow convinced me to leave the sanctity of my island paradise in favor of a week-long trip to the great state of California. This was fairly major for me because, as you can probably imagine, I didn't get out much. I lived near Los Angeles for a while when I was younger, but never did all that much sightseeing. So, this little excursion of ours had been a lot of fun.

We'd focused on Southern California, spending three days visiting my father in Ranchos Palos Verdes (among other things) and were currently en route to San Diego after two days in Palm Springs. Kristanna and I were going to tour the San Diego Zoo there, as well as Sea World, before she flew home to Norway on Sunday (yet wouldn't arrive until late Monday) and I went back to Peru. Unfortunately, I wouldn't see Kristanna again until she returned to the island at the end of August for one of her near-monthly visits.

I found it utterly amazing that Kristanna visited me so very often. After all, there were 7,100 miles separating Norway and my tropical home! It wasn't like we were neighbors. I still didn't quite understand her motivation since she'd never asked me for a thing in return, but I wasn't complaining. More than anything else, though, I looked forward to seeing Kristanna every three to five weeks. I loved the company. The woman made me feel alive again, like I mattered.

"You seem dangerous."

Kristanna laughed. "I'm... sorry! I can't help it."

"Did anyone ever tell you that before?" Man, I loved these spontaneous, off-the-beaten-path conversations that she and I seemed to have every now and then. So much of my life has either been spent being ultra-serious or simply wallowing in the depths of despair, so Kristanna was bringing out a side of me that I never even knew existed. It was glorious. I truly believe that this girl, with her unique attitude, could be a famous, sarcastic comedian who made lots of money if she wanted to. "That you look kind of like a dangerous person?"

"Yes! Ya, sure." Kristanna nodded her head for emphasis. "I think it's something to do with the tone of me voice, something with me eyes or me... half-Italian background."

My opinion? The broken English only added to her appeal.

I chuckled. "You're not Italian. Your entire family is from Norway. I bet you've never even been to Italy."

"Non posso vivere senza di te!"

"WHAT?" Did she just speak to me in Italian? "Do you know what you're saying?"

"Ya!"

"I don't know what you're saying. Did you just make that up? I don't speak Italian."

"You're not the first person who's doubted whether or not I have an Italian background. It comes out when I drink. You'd see the dragon breathing fire then and you'd say, yep, that broad has Italian in her!" I laughed and clapped my left hand upon the steering wheel as Kristanna continued, "I get really spicy when I drink. You know the legal drinking age in my country is 18, right? Why can I drink there but not here in the U.S. yet? It makes no sense."

My, oh my. Where did this girl come up with some of the zany things she said? "You get spicy when you drink?"

"Ya... like I wanna fight."

I glanced over and snuck a peek at Kristanna's taut, little hips in her stonewashed denim jeans as she reached into her purse and fished out her smartphone. My eyes focused on her somewhat small, humble breasts for a split-second, concealed by a blue Los Angeles Dodgers tank-top she'd purchased earlier in the week, as she then flipped open her phone and began furiously typing away on it.

I returned my gaze to the highway in front of us, but still stole quick glances of the charming 20-year-old seated in the passenger seat alongside me. There was a smile upon Kristanna's peachy face, so I didn't inquire what exactly she was doing until the message was typed out. But, I was curious.

"You texting again?"

"I am. Carolyn from Norway just texted me. _Are you still on the road? When you have a free moment, step out and send me a picture of your pretty, little titties._"

My eyes widened. "There's no reason you can't do that now, you know. We're on an open highway in a little desert town. It's not like there's a ton of cars passing by us." I smiled softly. "What did you just text Carolyn in return?"

Kristanna tilted her head back-and-forth and read verbatim from her smartphone, _"I was using me vibrator this morning, thinking about you fingering me with my butt-plug in, holding the vibrator to my clit slowly pressing and easing off, massaging with the vibrator, me hands tied above me head so I was helpless to you as you made me squirt and cum and splash until you were done with me._"

"That's... quite a text." And now, my cock was hard.

"You should've seen what I texted Mike earlier then!"

"Oh? What was that?"

"He texted me and said he couldn't wait for me to get back home to Norway, called me a sexy, little witch. I texted him back and responded, lemme ride that broomstick, Daddy."

Woah.

"So, I know all about your two friends in Norway, Mike and Carolyn. They're married and you've been... carrying on... with them for the past four years. Since you were 16. But I have a question. Obviously, you like to dabble on the side. You wouldn't be here with me right now if that wasn't the case."

Kristanna nodded. "Mike and Carolyn let me do what I want. It's pretty cool. No questions asked."

"Is this Mike dude your ideal type of guy? I know he's in the military and you find that incredibly sexy. He's a big, strong, rugged dude. I've seen pictures." I felt like teasing her and seeing what craziness came out of it. "How about a dude whose arms barely fit in his shirt? Like, they're so thin."

"I don't know what that means."

"Like a guy from Best Buy."

Kristanna rolled her eyes, thinking about that one for a good moment or two, what way to best respond to it. "Ya, Ya, that Best Buy we went to in West Hollywood, I did really well at it. Didn't you see me flirting with the entire Geek Squad? Best Buy, Kohl's..."

"Kohl's?"

"I cleaned up when we went to Kohl's."

Kristanna was too damn funny!

"What about a guy at Starbucks who's in the corner and on an iPad? Would you look at him and go, wow, that's..."

"I'd be like, you better put a baby inside me RIGHT NOW." I laughed so hard that I nearly veered off the road! "I'd say, is there an app for putting a baby inside me because... if there is, you should download it and then... put a baby inside me."

"Alright. Okay." I needed a moment of my own to settle down. We were still about 100 miles from San Diego and if the conversation remained this playful and entertaining, I'd be touring the zoo later this afternoon a very happy man.

"Do you remember earlier this year when I had that badly sprained ankle and was forced to skip me February visit to the island? I have a picture of me and Mike from when we went to Karasjok, Norway instead." Kristanna tapped away at her smartphone, then presented it to me.

I had to do a double-take while glancing at the photograph that she showed me. "This was from the trip you wound up taking with Mike and Carolyn to Karasjok? Why may I ask is Mike dressed as Santa Claus?"

"He's dressed as Santa Claus because, first of all, he thought we were going to the Canary Islands, but Carolyn and I tricked him, told him to pack bathing suits and flip-flops, but we actually took him to the northern part of Norway, where it's even colder that time of the year than it is in Oslo." I started chuckling as Kristanna continued with a straight face, "And then Carolyn and I packed him another suitcase with just a Santa costume in it and that's all he had to wear all week."

I fought back a smirk. "Oh, really?"

"So... ya. I had that bum ankle and Mike was wheeling me around all week and people were... very afraid of our group."

I broke out into an uproarious fit of laughter. "I'd think they would be! You and Carolyn dressed as Eskimos and Mike in a Santa outfit pushing you around in a wheelchair." Good God, this chick was amazing! Some of the stories she'd told me seemed so totally random, so wild and insane, that I oftentimes wondered if they were true. She had to make some of this stuff up on the fly, right?

"People avoided us at all costs."

"So have you ever really gotten into a fight? You and your spicy, Italian other half? A real fistfight?"

"Ummmmm... ya. Well, I was punched once." I stared over at her briefly, wanting her to continue. "But I... uhh... didn't fight back. It was after a basketball game for me church." A basketball game for her church? I started chuckling again. "True story, Jeremy. I played basketball for me local church in Fredrikstad and I was the point guard and I was like, a big trash-talker. The biggest. Like I'd always kind of annoyed people, saying shoot the ball now. Shoot the ball now. Why don't you shoot it now? Shoot it now! It'd really bother the girls on the opposing team, but it was fun."

"I would actually name the plays out of the Bible," she added. "Things from the Bible. Instead of calling out play one, I'd scream out SACRAMENT RECONCILIATION!" I banged my head against the driver side glass window and laughed again. "And then, on the next play, I'd be like... BODY OF CHRIST!"

"And your teammates would go into the formation?"

"Ya! It became our own thing. But after one of the games, one of the girls on the other team I was annoying, she just came right up to me and clocked me on the shoulder and said, _BITCH_, on her way out. And I ran straight home and told Momma, I just got into a fight!" Yet again, I couldn't control my laughter! "I thought I was a badass. I used to be quite the, how you say in English... rabble rouser... when I was growing up."

"You still are!" I shot back, shaking my head. "You're so fun to be around, Krissy. I mean that sincerely." She was, in many aspects, the perfect person for me, someone to help lift my spirits. "You're so laid-back and seem unruffled by life."

"I'm uhh... riddled with anxiety every moment." I laughed once more as Kristanna kept talking, "I try to keep it together, not do anything TOO STUPID, make good decisions and be positive!"

I grinned. "How do you deal with your anxiety?"

"It's really hard because my brain gets in the way."

"Interesting." I tapped my own skull this time. "This guy, huh? Is it a guy or a girl up here for you, by the way?"

"BOTH," she answered immediately. "Worst part is, they're always fighting. And I constantly tell them, you guys have to stop doing that and let me live my life in peace."

Didn't I already tell you that this chick was a riot?

After a few moments of comfortable silence, Kristanna leaned over and kissed my cheek. She then settled back into her seat and curled one of her legs beneath her. Her head was tilted back against the headrest, turned to the left so she could focus on me. "You sure you don't want me to drive for a bit? I know we had a long, eventful night at the hotel and it might be best that you nap for a while."

"Thanks, but I'm fine. I can nap later tonight after we settle in at the hotel in San Diego. That is, after I fuck you again."

Kristanna squirmed and giggled like an excited schoolgirl. An animated (and highly exaggerated) reaction, indeed. "You do know how to charm a girl, don't you? You smooth-talking charmer. I guess I've taught you well." She rested her head upon my shoulder and closed her eyes. "I'm gonna start calling you Jeremy McDreamy from now on. Either that, or Casanova."

"I've been giving your idea some thought. You know, about using some of the money I got instead of it just sitting there and bringing a group of women to the island for a month, maybe longer. Potential wives, you called them."

Kristanna perked up, lifting her head from my shoulder, smiling brightly. "Really?"

"Yeah. Pay them a nice amount and... who knows? Maybe one of them wants to stick around with me."

Kristanna started bouncing in place, unable to control her jubilation. "Oh, that'd be awesome! You deserve to finally be happy, Jeremy. You're such a good, precious man. You know I'll do anything I can in helping you set everything up." She kissed me through the scruff of my facial hair, then rested her head upon my shoulder once again and snuggled in even tighter, pressing her breasts against my arm. Oh, I felt so warm and cozy having Kristanna this close to me. "I just ask that all the girls you bring to your island are bisexual! Who knows? Maybe I'll find a soulmate too!"

I smiled and kissed the crown of her head. "You have potential soulmates pounding down your door in Norway, honey. I bet you gotta beat the guys off with a stick back home, don't you? And then there's Mike and Carolyn. What'd you say you were for them? A... concubine? I've heard that word before, but don't know exactly what it means."

"I'm actually a cum dumpster for Mike."

I narrowed my eyes at her in displeasure. "Krissy..."

"A concubine, ya. It means I'm not married to Mike or Carolyn, but have sexual relations with them, spend a lot of time with them. I'm at their house and sleep there more than I do at my own house. Concubine is a term that means lesser status than a wife. It's used in the polyamorous society. A man may have a wife, then a concubine or two on the side too. It's also used in the BDSM society, but Mike isn't into anything rough or hardcore like that. Not his style."

"And this is something you'd like long-term? Being in a relationship with both a man and woman?"

"I'd marry Mike and Carolyn in a heartbeat if I thought they wanted me to," Kristanna said, suddenly all serious. "I think it's incredible that they're so much in love together, have so much faith and trust in each other that they can bring someone like me into their bedroom, even their marriage, and there's no jealousy, no resentment. None whatsoever." Kristanna sighed delightfully. "Mike and Carolyn have the... perfect relationship. Carolyn is such a lucky girl."

Kristanna began tapping away on her smartphone again. I figured she was sending Carolyn another message or perhaps being flirty with Mike again. Whatever the case, I chose not to inquire. If she wanted to tell me, I figured, she would.

And I respected the special, unique relationship that she had with her two older lovers in Norway. It may not be my cup of tea, per se, but Kristanna seemed incredibly happy with the arrangement and that's all that truly mattered. Am I right? I was just glad that Mike and Carolyn had no issues about her coming to visit me so often.

Silence reigned between us again for several minutes, the only sound being that of the Chevrolet Corvette's engine. I'd rented this car, which was tricked out beyond belief, from an upscale dealer in Long Beach over the weekend. Soon enough, we'd be in San Diego for the final part of our vacation trip.

Once we arrived in Dustmoure, a small, cozy community smack dab in the middle of the desert, Kristanna suddenly sat up and pointed to something outside the window. "Jeremy, look!" I glanced over and noticed a billboard with risqué advertising in the distance. "Look, it says Exotic Expressions is just off the next exit! Is that an adult superstore?" Kristanna turned toward me, her sky-blue eyes flashing. "Can we stop there? I LOVE going into places like that!"

"You do? Really?"

"Maybe I can buy some sexy new outfits and model them for you tonight and tomorrow at the hotel!"

"OH." This girl surprised me more and more every time I was with her. "Yes, I agree then. We should stop there." And perhaps I could buy some new sex toys to ravage her with?

I'd never been in an adult-themed sex shop before. I admit it; I'm bad at stereotyping certain things, pigeonholing them, before even giving them a chance. Any XXX items I owned, I'd ordered off the Internet. My preconceived notion had always been that sex-related businesses occupied the absolute worst buildings. Concrete, cinder-block nightmares in decay. Ugly pink trim. Seedy clerks in leisure suits. A church down the street with a cross so big, it looked specifically designed to topple over and destroy the sex shop in a windstorm.

But this place seemed to buck those trends.

Exotic Expressions, at least on the outside, looked like a stylish, high-class establishment with trendy designs and large, plate-glass windows. It screamed upscale.

"This is a lingerie shop," Kristanna soon realized, looking at the selection of bras in the front window after she and I had gotten out of the car. "Not a sex toy store."

"You still want to take a look inside?"

"I do. I bet their lingerie is really sexy.

"Pick out whatever you want," I instructed her as we then strolled toward the entrance. Man, I already felt like I was boiling like an egg in this intense summer heat. Where was my island and its cool, refreshing trade winds when I needed it most? Take this heat and shove it! "Don't worry about the cost, Krissy. I'll take care of everything." After all, I had nearly two billion dollars at my disposal and... no one to spend it on. To spoil, to make happy.

Kristanna balled up a fist and held near my face. "You're not buying me anything, Jeremy. I'm paying here. And I'm paying for our admission to the zoo later, too."

"But..."

"You spend enough money on me travel expenses each time I come to your island," she said, cutting my words off. "And you've paid for all the expenses of our California trip, the flight, the car, the hotels. You don't need to spend any more on me. Nope. Not today or even the rest of the week. There's no negotiation. I'll buy me own stuff here."
