 CHAPTER 30. "MISINTERPRETATION"

-*- Monday, July 2, 2018 -*-

*** CURRENT DAY ***

Morning sunshine serenaded down a verdant green mountainside and sparkled across the surging waters of the mighty Pacific. Atop the perch, a light, balmy breeze, ripe with tropical accents, sent colorful leaves meandering along the stone walls of the pavilion. I took a break from installing light fixtures to rest my arms on the top rung of the stepladder. I'd never mixed well with heights and doing electrical work - some 20 feet above the edge of a cliff, no less - had me temporarily questioning my sanity. But functional lights were something I'd been meaning to have again here on the patio overlook for quite some time. I figured earlier, why not today? And the view from here? I must say, it was spectacular.

In the distance, I watched Amy along the eastern shoreline either ride the waves or fall off her surfboard almost as quick as she got back up each time. It was equally endearing and amusing to witness. The 31-year-old, now fully committed to her mental health wellness and medication program, was gorgeous in her two-piece string bikini, its tribal colors contrasting well with her striking, flame-red hair.

Yet Amy was still a novice surfer at best, a true beginner who'd just took up the sport this past weekend. As pleasing as it was to look at Amy, though, I just couldn't stop my gaze from shifting toward Trish, admiring her athletic body and the aura of total confidence and positivity that filled the air around her.

I was fascinated as Trish turned her surfboard a complete 180 degrees and dropped into a prone position. An instant later, she paddled out into the churning waves. Trish, very unlike her newfound (and very surprising) breaker buddy in Amy, was a seasoned surfer with a skillset, a vast knowledge of this sport, practiced again and again. Trish had a true mastery of the waves, as if being able to anticipate what each new one was about to do. The sun shone down bright, illuminating Trish, as she expertly rode a huge, majestic wave to shore. It seemed to take no effort on her part at all.

Was there any athletic endeavor Trish couldn't handle?

Trish emerged from the depths and shook her head several times, flinging salt water from her thick and luxurious blonde hair. She then glanced Amy's way and offered a warm and sincere smile, her wetsuit like a second skin, leaving very little to the imagination. I'd seen Trish in much less many times in the past, of course, but damn it if the form-fitting blue neoprene covering her flawless figure from neck to ankle wasn't perhaps the sexiest thing I'd ever seen.

The sun was high in the sky behind Trish, reflecting off the crystal-clear blue ocean and the crashing white waves. Trish was sensuous, charming, elegant and oh so alluring. I appreciated the beauty of all women, no matter their shape or size, background, educational level and/or profession, but the stunningly hot ones like Trish (and Amy, for that matter) undoubtedly held a special place in my heart.

"You keep gawking like that, Jeremy, and you're going to fall off the ladder. Now stop staring at those poor girls!"

I narrowed my gaze in split-second displeasure and returned to the task at hand, tightening a bolt. I'd been unsure why the mansion had been in such dire need of so many oddball repairs over the past couple of months. I rarely had issues with routine upkeep during all the time I've lived here in the past. It was perplexing, but I chalked it up to the age of the house - it was built back in 2001 - and had taken a serious beating from inclimate weather over the years. I've had to deal with one minor issue after another recently, like this sudden need to re-wire the outdoor pavilion.

I wished I could be down on the beach with Trish and Amy right now instead of doing these repairs. What was the point, anyway? Soon, I'd be gone from this island for good.

Sitting idly by at the picnic table below, Kristanna - the true woman of the hour - glanced up at me and offered a polite, simple applause after I'd finishing installing the latest light fixture and rubbed circulation back into my fingers. More like a golf clap, actually, which was degrading coming from her, but in an amusing way.

"Yay! You're getting better." As usual, Kristanna was acting playful, teasing me. I truly believe she was put on this Earth for that very purpose. "200 more hours of that and we'll sign you up as an apprentice technician."

I scoffed down at her. "No, thank you."

"You just keep your eyes on your work while you're up there on that ladder, Mr. Handyman," she reiterated. "No more gawking at Trish and Amy down at the beach and possibly losing your balance because of it."

"Why do you have such little faith in me, woman? I can multitask with the best of them. Don't you know this?" I climbed down the ladder and repositioned it for the next fixture, but then darted over to the table and stole a quick kiss from my freshly-minted fiancée. Kristanna had accepted my (long-overdue) marriage proposal yesterday afternoon and, let me tell you, the past 24 hours had been quite a whirlwind.

Kristanna continually wiped away the tears and smiled from ear-to-ear with excitement as she spent most of last evening on the telephone with her closest friends and family in Norway, telling them the big news. She posted announcements to Instagram and Facebook, and both her social media feeds exploded with words of congratulations.

Kristanna had 47,000 followers on Instagram. How the hell was that even possible?

Personally, I had this beautiful, magical feeling within myself that made me remember all the many reasons why I fell in love with Kristanna to begin with and exactly how we'd reached this point in our relationship. It had been a unique, one-of-a-kind journey, to say the least. Those memories were something to savor and this was a time to dream, imagine and reflect on all that we've been through as a couple and all we hope to experience hand-in-hand.

I should've married Kristanna years ago. Why did it take me so damn long to realize that? She and I should already be parents, too.

I was going to wait another day or two before letting my own respective family members- from parents and siblings, to aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews and cousins - know about our upcoming nuptials. No details were set in stone yet. I simply wanted to kick back and enjoy the blissful feeling of being engaged to Kristanna Grimsmo.

Do we want to get married in the summer or the fall? Is it that important to exchange those sacred vows in a church? How about a unique venue, like the beach in Hawaii? The Bahamas? Or, how about the island itself? How many guests do we anticipate? Would Kristanna be willing to allow me to truly splurge and lavish her with all the bells and whistles of a multimillion dollar ceremony and event? I'm tens of millions here, though I knew Kristanna had always despised the idea of me spending a single, solitary cent on her.

Would she make an exception for her very own wedding? It was my wedding too, you know. Was there a better day to make a sizable dent in your bank account?

Those were lots of questions, but as someone who has been through this sort of thing in the past, it was only the tip of the iceberg for the amount of inquiries we'd be answering during the coming weeks and months. Things were going to feel overwhelming soon enough. Our stress and anxiety levels would surely skyrocket. Right now, I wasn't going to worry about it and I'd advised Kristanna to do the same.

One thing was for certain, though. Last night I sat down with my bride-to-be and we mutually decided that I was going to move to Norway with her in the next four to six weeks. Actually, it was more my decision than Kristanna's, as she didn't want to make me feel pressured into uprooting my life and everything about it to move to Norway with her just because she wanted me to. My reasoning was simple. It was Kristanna's homeland and literally all her immediate family lived in the Oslo area. Family was vitally important to Kristanna; she cherished every single one of them. Was there a better place in the whole, wide world for us to settle our roots and build a life, a family of our own, together?

I'd been away from the United States and my own family, aside from sporadic visits, since 2002. There was no unseen force tempting me to go back to Ohio, where I was born and most of family currently resides, or California, where I once lived and where my father still is today. If there was, I'd have left the island and returned long ago. I'd created such distance between myself and the rest of my family over the years that, as sad as this may sound, I didn't feel much of a connection with any of them. They were there if I ever needed them, but there certainly wasn't that strong bond that I've seen in other families (like Kristanna's).

I admit, it was enough to make me jealous.

I was closest with my father, I suppose, but that's only because I had business meetings in Los Angeles a few times every year and made a point to visit him each time. He lived on the peninsula about 25 miles from the downtown area.

Truth be told, the closest thing I had over the past four years to resembling any true family was Kristanna herself. Think about it. Just look at all the many times she'd flown halfway around the world to come and visit. Who else would do that for me? Again, she'd never asked me for anything in return. That... was astonishing to me.

Did I have any reason not to move to Norway? As beautiful as the island was, living here seemed like a prison at times. A self-imposed prison, mind you. I really had to get out of here.

Oh, I was well aware that the transition from subtropical island paradise to Norway was going to be quite drastic, not easy. Due to its northern latitude, most of Norway experienced truly frigid temperatures each winter, with heavy snow and ice from December through April. When was the last time I saw any snow? 20 years ago? However, I didn't mind the cold as temperatures never really affected me one way or the other. Whatever Mother Nature threw at me, I could handle it.

Hell, look at all the monsoons and subtropical depressions I'd had to endure here on the island over the years. They make a little snow and ice seem like a walk in the park.

I'd heard stories about dark winters in Norway, where there's a period of time when the sun doesn't make it over the horizon. When the sun doesn't set for an entire 24 hour cycle, it's called a Polar Night. I once read that a city in Norway - Tromsø - has 60 Polar Nights in a row(!) each year.

Zero sunlight at all for _two whole months_.

That seemed quite daunting, I must admit, but Kristanna assured me such a phenomenon only happens north of the Arctic Circle, which is 1,100 kilometers (or 700 miles) from where we'd be residing near the capital city, Oslo. She'd never experienced a Polar Night herself, or even the opposite, a Polar Day (Tromsø has 24 hours of continuous daylight from late May through most of July each year, I'd also read).

Kristanna gushed and raved about the stunning scenery in Norway, which stretched for kilometer after kilometer. Obviously, I loved nature, the outdoors. There was everything from majestic mountains, waterfalls, glaciers and green hillsides - not to mention the legendary fjords.

And we'd be close to the beach, meaning plenty of swimming and watersports in the summer months.

It would be a process, yes, but I was looking forward to finally getting off the island and starting my life in Norway. I badly needed to re-enter civilization and lead a normal life again. I'd wasted away so much of my life already. Kristanna promised it was quiet and peaceful there - crime was virtually nonexistent, even in the larger cities - and I suppose I could develop an appreciation for boiled potatoes and tinned fish as options in the grocery stores were limited compared to what I was used to. No worries, though. I'd pay top dollar (kroner, ahem) to have what I want imported - just like I did here.

Another thing Kristanna and I discussed last evening - our first as an engaged couple - was the fact that in addition to a husband, she needed a woman - perhaps even a bride of her own - in her life as well. Norway seemed to be at the forefront of the polyamory lifestyle and movement, as several local groups sought acceptance and ultimately the possibility of marriage for those who love in groups of three or more.

All I know is that Kristanna had experienced this type of lifestyle and arrangement from 2011 to 2017, or the ages of 16 to 22, with Mike and Carolyn, an older, married couple in Oslo. She fell in love with the idea of polyamory because of what she'd experienced with them and badly wanted to take things further, making it a permanent fixture in her life. For as long as I'd known Kristanna, her ultimate dream was to one day have both a husband and a wife.

The best of both worlds, she'd always tell me.

Was finding another wife going to be my new endgame goal during these final two weeks that the other ladies - Pamela, Devon, Trish, Amy, Lindsay and Camille - spent on the island before it was time for them to return home? A wife for not only me, but Kristanna as well? Was that the new plan?

Maybe even two additional wives?

Trish and/or Amy seemed to be the best fits for us. Kristanna and I narrowed our choices - at least for now - down to the two of them last night. More could be added in the future at any time, obviously. I was in love with Trish, but clearly stuck in neutral with her. Amy was captivating to me and all I really wanted to do was make her happy. I wanted to bring Amy into my arms and protect her for all of eternity.

Would either lady be open to a polyamorous relationship? Even the idea of polygamy down the road?

Perfect timing, perhaps? This past weekend, following her trip to the psychiatrist and that attitude adjustment I'd given her during our BDSM session, Amy got together with Trish and apologized for everything she'd ever done wrong to her, most notably driving a wedge between her and Lindsay that forever fractured their relationship. Amy also expressed remorse for her negativity and all the snippy remarks she'd made both to Trish and behind her back since their arrival a month ago. Amy was sincere and promised Trish that she was taking steps to forever change her ways and become a better person.

Trish is a really cool, laid-back chick and all, but even I was surprised when she accepted Amy's apology without much prodding. The two ladies sat and talked for hours, striking up a new friendship, and Trish had even been giving Amy surfing lessons the past three days at various beaches on the island.

Trish Sinclair and Amy Zeitler were suddenly... best buddies? How was that even possible?

_Could it be?_ Could I one day be married to Kristanna, but also Trish and Amy at the same time as well?

On the other hand, Lindsay was way too young and obviously not interested in a commitment. Even if she was, there's no way that Lindsay would be willing to leave her own family behind in Cincinnati and move to Norway with Kristanna and I. She was too close with her mother and three sisters. Plus, there was zero chance of her ever reconciliating with Trish. There was no need to even consider Lindsay.

Kristanna had a potent attraction toward Devon, but I made it clear last evening that I had zero interest in her anymore. Surprisingly, Kristanna seemed agreeable and said we'd cross Devon off the list for now. Kristanna claimed we both needed to be in total agreement about anyone we brought into our lives, else there was no reason to do so as it would only create jealousy and tension down the line.

"I'm a zero-drama girl," she reminded me last night. "Don't want it, hate it, can't stand it. I choose to be happy every day; to be excited about all the possibilities, to see the beauty in everything and count my blessings. It's easy to be sad, but it takes a lot of effort to be happy. I say it's worth it."

Don't even ask me about inviting Camille to Norway...

"So Amy took your advice," Kristanna said to me as I was standing by her at the picnic table, still needing to finish the electrical work on the wiring, "simply relaxed, acted as herself, was genuine and sincere, and now she is buddy-buddy with Trish. Incredible."

"They are quite the odd pairing, I admit. Who'd have thought a few weeks ago that Trish and Amy would EVER be friends? Trish used to stare daggers through Amy whenever she turned her back." I shrugged my shoulders. "But stranger things have happened."

"I think we should talk to Amy first about the possibility of her coming to Norway and starting a life there with us."

"You do?"

Kristanna nodded. "I do. Amy is in love with you, Jeremy, and you're in love with her. I think there's no way she turns us down if we offer her a spot in our relationship. She has nothing to return to in Ohio besides her parents, but Amy claims that she hates her parents." Kristanna seemed a bit unsettled, nerved, by those words. "I don't know how anyone could truly hate their parents, but Amy insists she does." Kristanna paused briefly. "Norway would be a nice, fresh start for Amy and, best of all, she'd have YOU in her life every day."

"Amy hasn't necessarily been one of the girls you've had your eye on from the beginning like I have. You're attracted to Devon and have championed Pamela since day one." I tilted my head and added, "Why the sudden change in heart?"

"About Amy? Easy. I like this new Amy. You were right about her, Jeremy, and I was wrong. I admit that. All the girl needed was someone to show her a little TLC and all those bad vibes, that negativity, just washed away from her like they were never even there to begin with. Your kindness finally made that flower bloom." Kristanna smiled softly. "Since you love Amy, then I could learn to as well. All it will take is time."

Wow.

"After we talk to Amy and see if she'd be willing to build a life with us, a commitment, we can do the same with Trish." Kristanna's blue eyes flashed with pure excitement. "It'd be AWESOME for me to one day have a husband and two wives and, for you, Jeremy, to have three wives who respect and love you unconditionally. If _anyone_, you deserve that happiness."

"What did I ever do to deserve you, Krissy? Seriously?"

Just then, I saw Pamela Prescott through the large panel windows coming around the corner indoors. Her back was to me, but I knew it was her. When she made her way outdoors, Pamela turned toward us on the pavilion and my heart immediately came crashing down within my chest. She was white as a ghost and clutching papers to her chest.

"What's wrong?" Instinctively, I made a move toward Pamela and reached for her hand. She looked horrible! Had there been a death in her own family?

Pamela backed away, almost as if my touch would burn her, and it felt like someone had punched me in the stomach. Obviously, her mindset had something to do with her and I. Us.

Her eyes focused on me. "Can we talk?"

Pamela wanted to talk? With me? The woman had barely said a word to me since her blowup about the voyeur room the weekend before last. We had a reconciliation, but it was quite brief as hours later, Pamela claimed that she wanted to take a step back from our romance. She wanted _space_.

Which, as all men know, meant the death knell. We were done. A kind and considerate way for a woman to flip the kill switch on any potential relationship with a man.

"Sure, we can talk..."

Pamela's eyes momentarily fluttered toward Kristanna. "In private, please?"

"Um, I just remembered I had something to do in the house." In what was a suddenly awkward and incredibly tense moment, Kristanna held up a single finger and rose to her feet. "I'll catch you two later."
