 CHAPTER 31. "KNOCKOUT"

"That's it? You're letting Pamela walk away without putting up more of a fight? You're not going to explain to her that this whole week has been one big, horrible misunderstanding and at least try to hash things out with her? Really, Jeremy? _Really_?" Exasperated, Kristanna tossed her hands into the air as she paced in furious circles before me. She'd been reading me the riot act for the past few minutes. "You're gonna allow Pamela to go back to Maryland - go back to working at the strip club, even - just like that? Seriously?"

"There's not much else I can do. It's her choice, her life. I cannot stop her from going back home."

"You may be a lot of things, but dammit, I didn't think you were this lazy!" Kristanna seemed disgusted at my defeatist attitude, my listless nature, right now.

"I tried talking to Pamela earlier and it was clear that she wants nothing to do with me anymore." That, combined with the verbal beatdown Camille laid upon me hours ago, had me more depressed than I'd felt in several years. I just didn't want to do anything but wallow in my own self-pity. "What else do you expect me to do?"

Kristanna arched a weary eyebrow. "You _tried_ talking to Pamela?" In the four years we'd known each other, Kristanna had never spoken to me like this before. This was so unlike her. She was always full of boundless energy and positivity. Yet now, Kristanna was incredibly disappointed, very agitated, and her tone was condescending. "Listening to Pamela say she wants out and putting up little to no protest over it is your way of _trying_ to talk to her?" Kristanna folded her arms and glanced away in pure bitterness. "Wow, Jeremy. I thought you loved her!"

"I do. I do love Pamela!" How could Kristanna possibly think any differently?

"Then prove it!

I balled both my hands into fists and trembled with anxiety. Damn, I didn't know what else to do. Or say.

Certainly, this was a unique argument Kristanna and I were having. My fiancée was scolding me because I was allowing another woman - someone I loved almost as much as Kristanna herself - to walk away, leave my life forever. I was ready to cut bait and move on from a prior relationship. In most instances, that'd be a good thing, right? The fiancée should be happy? Kristanna, a truly unique woman in her own right, instead wanted me to make things right with Pamela and somehow convince her to stay and be a part of my life.

Our life, perhaps?

Kristanna's blue eyes turned icy and focused squarely on me. "I'm not going to be your consolation prize, Jeremy!" She flung her right arm outward in anger. "I absolutely refuse to!"

"Consolation prize?" I scrubbed my hands across my face in confusion. "What are you talking about?"

"25 or 30 years from now, I don't want you to look back on your life and wonder _what if_. I've thought about this since Pamela demanded you let her go home earlier. _What if_ you went after Pamela harder and more aggressively instead of letting her walk away and choosing to marry me instead. _What if_ you told Pamela how you feel - how much you love her and wish to apologize, seek forgiveness - when you had the opportunity. _What if_ you married Pamela instead of me. NOW is your opportunity, Jeremy, but it's slipping away fast. The chopper will be here in 15 minutes to take Pamela - and Camille - away forever. You don't have much time. If Pamela says no, she says no and it's truly over, there's no salvaging what was once there. But at least then, you'd have tried."

"You're not a consolation prize to me, Krissy!" What was she saying, exactly? "I _want_ to marry you!"

Her gaze turned even more steely. "Yet you belong with Pamela." Kristanna grimaced and shook her head. "I know it, you know it, everyone on the island knows it."

Those words hit me like a ton of bricks.

Kristanna hesitated, then narrowed her eyes and gritted her teeth in recognition. Perhaps she'd just now admitted that to herself, too? That Pamela and I were meant to be together? "I'm not about to allow you to make the single, biggest mistake of your life, Jeremy, and let that girl slip through your fingers because of a stupid misunderstanding - the fact that you don't know what the term space means. You jumped to your own conclusions and wouldn't seek clarification from Pamela or listen to reason from me." Her voice was low now and had dropped several octaves. "_You need Pamela_."

FUCK! What the hell was happening? Was my fiancée breaking up with me? Of all people, Kristanna? The day had been bad enough already and things just kept getting worse! I didn't need this now. I turned away, hoping Kristanna would take the hint. Of course, she didn't. Kristanna moved in behind me and clasped her hand around mine.

"You're confused right now, Jeremy. It's okay. Pamela is confused too, angry. It's been... quite the difficult week." Her tone was soft, soothing; full of warmth and kindness. "I'm not a jealous person. I'll never hold any grudges against you or Pamela. You can deny it all you want, tell me I'm wrong, but you've been in love with me for 24 hours. That's it. Since you asked me to marry you and I said yes last night. That's when everything changed for us." I turned to face her as Kristanna's eyes dampened and I saw vulnerability in them. "But you've been in love with Pamela since the instant you met her."

"Krissy, no." I felt pains in my stomach, like someone had landed repeated jabs there. "Don't say this..."

"You were in love with Pamela even before she ever stepped foot on the island." Kristanna batted her eyes shut for an instant and took a deep, ragged breath. "You were video chatting with Pamela on the Internet back in March, maybe even February. You were video chatting with all the girls, getting them prepared for their six weeks here, but I remember you'd always be especially riled up after chatting with Pamela. Oh, you were a house of fire. You'd call me in Norway and go on and on about what an amazing girl Pamela is... about how she's the perfect woman for you. I know you keep saying you've only known her for four weeks, but both you and I know, Jeremy, it's been much longer than that. You've known Pamela, been in love with her, for months." Kristanna frowned and puffed out a sigh. "How can you let her walk away from you so easily? She's... everything that you've ever wanted, fantasized about, even.

"Krissy, I..."

"Go and talk to Pamela before it's too late." Kristanna cut my words off, softly of course, and I scrubbed my face again, trying to gain control of my emotions. As much as I hate to admit this, she was right. Anger and confusion had gotten the best of me this week and I'd made some misguided decisions because of it. Pamela is and always will be the one for me. My life would soon be in shambles if she were to leave today.

I know I look horrible - downright atrocious - in saying that, but it was the truth. I'd just asked Kristanna to marry me last night! What kind of two-faced _bastard_ was I? But there was no further point in lying to myself - or even you, the reader - by insisting that I'd be better off with anyone other than Pamela. Even if it was with Kristanna. This situation was my fault - problems only arose with Pamela once she'd learned of the voyeur room and that I'd been eavesdropping on everyone - and it was my job, my duty, to clean it up.

Else, I'd regret it for the rest of my life.

"I'll always love you, Jeremy. You know that. I'll always be there when you need me." Kristanna was sad, on the verge of crying. "But the way I see it, truly loving someone is the willingness to make a sacrifice - if need be - and recognize what's best for that person. You and Pamela... belong together." Kristanna allowed those words to sink in and register for a moment or two. "Go. Go find her, bring her back to where she belongs. In your arms."

"What about us?" My chest constricted with every passing second. Again, Kristanna was right. Up until the temporary smokescreen that happened last evening, Pamela Prescott was my universe. The unquestioned love of my life. She was everything that I'd ever wanted in a woman. Even more. Yet in time - if Pamela were to go back home today as she'd planned - the smokescreen would fade and reality would set in.

I'd be happy with Kristanna, no doubt, but I'd also forever be weighed down with thoughts of _what could've been_. I'd have those regrets- doubts even - and that was no way to live. If there was any chance I could hook back up with Pamela, I had to try. I had to put forth more than a halfhearted effort.

But what about Kristanna and I? What about her? I glanced away at the mere thought. Kristanna was an amazing human being, a wonderful person. I knew she loved me more than anyone or anything. That was so obvious. She had big plans - grandiose ideas - for a life with me. What did this mean for her feelings, her outlook, in the long run? Kristanna even gave up Mike and Carolyn - her two lovers from Norway she had a wonderful thing with - for an opportunity at a relationship with me. How could I turn my back on her like this? I'd always said I could never hurt Kristanna, but wasn't that exactly what I'd do if I went after Pamela?

Yet, Kristanna was insistent that I do just that.

"We'll worry about us when the dust settles and cooler heads have prevailed, there is no more confusion, no more arguing between you and Pamela. The most important thing right now is getting the two of you back together." Kristanna squeezed my hand, bringing my eyes to hers again. I couldn't believe this conversation was taking place. "She's your dream girl, Jeremy. You're her dream guy. What better fit could there be?" How could Kristanna sacrifice herself like this? How could she be so incredibly selfless? "Pamela wants - she NEEDS - your heart, your love. And you need hers." Kristanna pointed toward the exit of my private bedroom, her mouth twitching with remorse. "Go before it's too late."

I wrapped my arms around Kristanna, wondering if she knew that I thought of her as the warmest and most kind-hearted woman on the planet. She was fierce, loyal; the best friend I (or anyone else, for that matter) could ever ask for.

Kristanna would give up everything for me and ask for nothing in return.

"I love you, Krissy. You've always been... so good to me."

"Go!" she demanded, her voice cracking. "I've said since day one that all I've ever wanted is for you to be happy, Jeremy. Go and talk to Pamela before it's too late. Go now!"

My mind in a daze, I turned and hurried out of my personal suite and made a beeline for the corridor where all the guest bedrooms were located. I was on a mission and didn't even acknowledge Lindsay as I bristled past her in the dining room. I figured that Trish would be rounding up Pamela (and Camille) any moment now, telling them it was time to hop in the Jeep and go wait at the helipad on the eastern beach. Kevin, my pilot friend, was due to land there in about in ten minutes.

Trish, by the way, had volunteered to drive Pamela and Camille down to the beach.

She's in the library. Hurry!

My cell phone dinged and I read the text message I'd just received from Kristanna. Was she keeping an eye on things from the voyeur room? No matter, I took off in a full-on sprint toward the library. Of course this was where I'd find Pamela as the library had become her personal haven, her safe spot, over the past four weeks. The woman had a love for books that was unequaled, unparalleled.

I stopped on a dime, just like that, once I'd reached the library and saw Pamela standing at the far bookcase, her back to me, long blonde hair shimmering underneath the bright lights of the chandelier. Both her suitcases were nearby, meaning she'd probably told Trish and/or Camille to meet her here once they were ready to drive down to the helipad. Clearly, Pamela wanted to take one more look around the library before she left the island for good. I had to change her mind! I stood in the doorway and tried to catch my breath, silently admiring her for an extra second or two.

God, Kristanna was right. I needed Pamela so bad. How could I possibly ever allow her to leave unless I did everything within my power to convince her otherwise?

"Hey." My throat rasped as I barely got the word out.

Pamela startled, surprised by my voice. She quickly turned and locked eyes with me and, for a moment, I saw a flash of love and adoration across her face, but then it vanished and her gaze went cold. I figured this wasn't going to be easy, a simple apology and acceptance, because I knew full well that Pamela was incredibly angry at me. She had every right to be.

"I love you so much." Not my best opening, I didn't mean to say that quite yet, but it sort of just slipped out.

Pamela's brown eyes shifted and darted toward the library door behind me. She was already planning an exit strategy. Whatever I had to say, I knew I better say it quick.

"I'm sorry, Pamela, for everything that went wrong between us this past week. I'm sorry for not coming to you and getting clarification on what you meant when you asked me for space. I... misinterpreted it, took it the wrong way. I was angry, upset... not thinking right. I'm sorry for... violating your privacy, and the privacy of all the other girls. I'm sorry for being careless and inconsiderate in hooking up with Trish, Amy, Lindsay and then Kristanna in a five day span after our falling-out. I'm sorry for losing sight of you and, in the heat of the moment, asking Kristanna to marry me last night. I never meant to hurt you. I could never hurt you - at least on purpose - because you mean the absolute world to me, and you're the girl that I want to marry and spend the rest of my life with."

Pamela's eyes widened and her face quickly turned white as a ghost. Not the type of reaction that I was hoping for, mind you, but it was too late to pull back now.

"Please, don't leave me, Pamela. I love you, I need you in my life. I know if we sit down and talk, we can work through our problems and come out stronger because of them in the end. Having you in my life these past couple of weeks - months, even - has been the best thing that's ever happened to me. Remember those five nights in a row we spent together? Falling asleep with you in my arms, waking up the next morning to your face... that was Heaven to me. Your eyes, your smile, your laugh, your heart... _you_... you're my Heaven. I don't want to lose that. I... can't lose it. _I can't lose you_."

Tears formed within Pamela's eyes and quickly began dripping down her cheeks. "Jeremy... I... we can't... I can't... I don't... I don't know... what... to say."

I stepped forward and placed my hands on either side of her face, my thumbs wiping away those excess tears. Her eyes glistening like the finest of jewels, Pamela made no motion to flinch or back away from me. That was good, excellent. Now, it was time to swing for the fences and hope I connected.

Go big or go home.

"I want to marry you, Pamela Annabeth Prescott, and spend the rest of my life with you. I want you to be the mother of my children and for us to watch those children grow up and give us grandchildren many times over to love, too." Suddenly, Pamela was so close to me. I could smell the lush, fragrant scent of her flowery perfume and sensed the warmth of her golden goddess body, and that generous, giving heart thumping wildly within her chest. "Please, sweetheart. Let me show you how a lady should be treated." Those luscious, juicy lips of hers were no more than an inch or two from mine. "So I guess the only question here is... do you want me in your life the same way I want you?"

"Yes!" she cried out, full of raw emotion. "Yes, I do!"

Passion surged throughout my veins as Pamela initiated a kiss between us, gripping my face and tilting her head, her tongue dueling and jousting with mine. Oh, wow. This was unexpected, but I certainly wasn't about to complain! I moaned and slid my hands over and across the tight, rounded contours of her ass, encased in skintight denim, cupping and squeezing. I let my fingers sink in and luxuriate, trying to decide what would be the quickest way to rid ourselves of our clothing as it'd been eight long, excruciating days since I'd been able to show Pamela just how much I truly loved her.

The 30-year-old shifted about and curled one leg around my waistline, then the other. Things were escalating quickly. I kept a firm grip on Pamela's ass, holding her up and against me, as she linked her feet together and I backed her into the wall with a loud, sexy thud. I leaned in closer, tighter, wanting to devour her with my kisses, my need.

Good God, I loved this woman so much.

Pamela's hands slapped up hard against my chest, her long, sharp fingernails clawing into my neck, my shoulders. She ground her pelvis hard upon my abdomen and squirmed in ecstasy. Pamela soon broke the kiss and looked up at me with those huge brown eyes and I suddenly realized that, much like me, she'd been through a week of pure and torturous hell. How could I have ever possibly doubted what was between us? How did I believe that anyone could ever replace her? All the problems we faced should've never happened and, right or wrong, I take full responsibility for everything.

"I've missed you so much," were my words before Pamela again smashed her mouth to mine for a passionate, lustful kiss. My mind began to drift - if just for a fleeting instant - and I saw visions of Pamela in a wedding dress, exchanging marriage vows with me in front of hundreds of friends and family alike in a lush, sprawling cathedral. I saw visions of Pamela one day giving birth and holding our newborn child for the very first time. I saw visions of...

"_Yeah, yeah, yeah_." Our kiss, as blissful as it was, ended abruptly as Pamela and I turned in unison (and horror) as Camille slowly, meticulously, sauntered into the library.

Oh, no.

Not again!

The nasty. hateful bitch, a pair of suitcases of her own parked at the door, strode toward us. "Jeremy! Pammy! That was really heartfelt, but OH MY GOD, can you two be anymore nauseating? I'm about to vomit!" I clenched my fists in anger - I wanted to punch Camille after that stunt she'd pulled three hours ago - as she shot me a wicked, disgusted look.

What the hell did this woman have against me? To make matters worse, Camille had the audacity to step in and throw an insult at us during our magical, little moment. Pamela and I were... nauseating? If Camille didn't like it, she could leave!

"Pammy, honey... are you really going to listen to this pathetic, sad-sack excuse of a man and what he says? You already know that Jeremy's promises turn out to be _lies_."

Woah.

"He's a MAN... and no MAN is to be trusted!"

Did I have a scathing rebuttal, a missile strike of my own, for Camille after everything she'd said to me earlier? Even now, as Camille apparently tried to sabotage my reconciliation with Pamela? No, of course not. Trust me, I wanted to open up and unleash hell's fury upon her. But I kept silent, although every muscle within my body was tense, on high alert. It was because of the way my parents brought me up. My dad always warned me when I was younger that he'd kick my ass if I ever disrespected a girl or raised my voice at one.

Even now, at age 39, I still remember those words, the lessons Dad taught me. I was grateful for them, too. Even though I badly wanted to fire back at Camille with everything I could, I bit my tongue and didn't mutter a single word.

Plus, doing so wouldn't look good in front of Pamela.

"Camille," Pamela spoke tersely, trying to keep her own emotions under control, "my love life is none of your concern." Clearly, Pamela didn't appreciate Camille interrupting us the way she did. Yet Pamela was doing her best to be polite, not to be confrontational. "Plus, my name is _Pamela_... NOT Pammy."
