 CHAPTER 33. "TRIAD"

"Oh my God, Pamela, that feels so good."

"I could do this all day, you know."

"I'd definitely have no complaints if you did."

She giggled. "I'm sure you wouldn't."

For the past hour, Pamela had been nestled on the floor in front of me as I relaxed in my favorite lounge chair, her blonde head literally buried in my naked lap. My precious, irreplaceable soulmate, Pamela held the base of my hard, throbbing erection with her right hand and leisurely sucked and lashed away at its length with her lips and tongue. The joyous, wet sounds that Pamela made with her mouth as she orally serviced and pleased me were music to my ears.

Pamela was being so incredibly soft and tender with her oral technique, though, and obviously didn't want me to cum anytime soon. I had no issue with that. She was so into the glorious, wonderful act of performing fellatio and, even better, took great care and pride in her handiwork. Sucking cock was not a duty for her; she certainly didn't look at it as a chore that needed to be done and then set aside as quickly as possible.

Pamela _truly enjoyed_ sucking cock...

"You keep that up, you're going to get lockjaw."

Pamela glanced over at Kristanna, who'd been seated on the floor directly beside her for the past hour as well, and made a snarly, playful face. "Oh, hush Krissy. You'll get your turn with Jeremy again soon enough. _Such_ a greedy girl!"

Kristanna sneered and crinkled her nose at Pamela, but then giggled once she made eye contact with me. I reached out with my right hand and cupped the side of Kristanna's face, silently conveying how much I loved her, and how incredibly special and unique of a person she was to me.

It didn't get much better than this. I'd been relaxing in the home library after another exhaustive 3,500 miles of travel yesterday with Pamela and Kristanna either kneeling or flat-out sitting upon the floor in front of me, trading my cock back-and-forth between their hands and mouths as if it were a party favor. Then again, I told myself, it _was_ a party favor to them.

And I'd better get used to it, right?

"I know polygamy is illegal in most societies, but there are ways we can work around it and never get into trouble."

"I'm not worried about that," Pamela said to Kristanna in a gentle, low hum, her head slowly rising and falling over my cock. Pamela was wearing a turquoise bra with black trim that had string ties behind both her neck and back. She also wore a sexy garter belt and G-string, their colors turquoise as well, with dark, thigh-high stockings attached.

A quintessential centerfold-type, Pamela was blessed with striking good looks and smashing, yet all-natural 38d-24-37 measurements, and the lingerie two-piece set did a magnificent job of showcasing her considerable assets. Her hair was a tumble of star flame-gold, her eyes fulgent, and chestnut-brown.

"Or if you're not comfortable and don't want to take the risk, you and Jeremy marry each other and we can stop there." Kristanna trailed a tender, loving hand across the back of Pamela's shoulders. They'd thrown around several different ideas today about our future and what it may hold in store for us. "I'd be perfectly happy just living with the two of you, being with you. I'd prefer a three-way marriage, yes, but I'll never complain if you're apprehensive and don't want to take the legal risk. Trust me, I'd understand completely."

"But Jeremy is your fiancé," Pamela retorted, unable to withhold a little laugh. "He asked you to marry him, not me."

"What?" Kristanna was chuckling. "Jeremy and I get married and you be the other woman, the non-wife?" Kristanna shook her head emphatically. "No way, no how. You're marrying him. Anything less would be a crime." That was vintage Kristanna. She was so incredibly selfless, always putting others and their wants/needs ahead of her own.

"For this to work, none of us - especially you, Krissy - can ever think of you as the _other woman_," Pamela stressed. I groaned in delight as she grazed my testicles with her long, sharp fingernails. Pamela was an expert when it came to pleasures of the flesh. "We had a good, long talk with Jeremy's cousin from Kansas about that on the flight home yesterday."

"Oh? The one who's married to two different women?"

"And two those women are married to each other, too. They're a triad. Colt, Alexa and Merissa." Pamela withdrew my cock from her mouth and offered it to Kristanna. "Here, baby. It's your turn. Why don't you suck on him for a bit?"

Kristanna's shining, halo-white teeth broke into a huge, all-encompassing smile. "You sure?"

"Yeah."

Kristanna licked her own palm, properly lubricating it. "I thought Colt's wife was named Lexi. It's Alexa? I've never talked to them, but Jeremy has told me all about them."

"They call her both," I grunted out. Being Norwegian, I seriously doubted she understood the variances in most American names. Thus, the need to educate her. "Kind of like how we call you Kristanna half the time and Krissy the other half. Lexi is a nickname, a side name, for Alexa."

"They're both nicknames for Alexandra," Pamela mused.

"Oh. That make sense."

Kristanna graciously took my erection from Pamela and offered it a good, healthy squeeze with her right hand before slipping its thick, meaty head between her awaiting lips. Yet another wave of pleasure immediately washed over me.

That blonde head began to gently bob back-and-forth, those innocent, puppy dog eyes trained on my face. Kristanna was so elegant, so pretty. She had the face of angel and, at 5-foot-11 and a waif-like 115 pounds, the body of a runway model. The 23-year-old stunner was already letting out anxious sounds of sensuous satisfaction as she worked over the tip of my shaft, licking and slurping it into a frenzy.

"Colt, Alexa and Merissa all stressed that for this to work, there has to be total equality in the marriage, the relationship. In all facets of it," Pamela stated, reaching over and tucking a strand of loose hair behind Kristanna's ear. She'd shown no jealousy or resentment at all with anything Kristanna had done to (or with) me thus far today. That was a good sign. "There cannot be a wife number one and a wife number two. We have to be on equal footing."

"Oh, I know that," Kristanna mumbled, her tongue flicking. "You and I could still be equals and have equal say, you know, even if I'm not married to both of you. In my mind, it wouldn't diminish the relationship as a whole at all."

Pamela suddenly seemed uneasy. "Oh, it would to me. Plus, you deserve to be married to Jeremy because you and him have known each other since 2014. That's a long time."

"But you and Jeremy were _made_ for each other."

"Funny," Pamela smirked. "I could say the same thing about you." She exhaled a drawn-out, deep breath. "No matter, for the relationship to work long-term, you'll have to marry both of us, Krissy. I _want_ you to marry us because I know it's what you want, what would make you the happiest."

"It is what I want."

Who would have ever thought that I'd hear Pamela Prescott saying these things to Kristanna Grimsmo? Life - its ups and downs, its unpredictability - is amazing.

"Talking with Colt, Alexa and Merissa was truly interesting and we learned so much from them. We all must've spoke for three hours yesterday. Colt and Alexa have been married for seven years and are just as wild and crazy about each other as they were when they were dating and first married in 2011." Pamela grinned at the sight of Kristanna working her magic. "Wow, you love sucking cock. Don't you, girl?"

"I do." Not only that, but Kristanna was ferocious about it. Ravenous, insatiable. "I can never get enough."

"Colt says that even though Merissa has been married to him - _them_ - for just two-and-a-half years, he loves Merissa just as much as he does Alexa. There's no difference. No wife number one, no wife number two. Alexa has no ill-will about that and actually embraces the idea. All three of them stressed how important that idea - that philosophy- is to the success of their marriage."

Kristanna was now busily stroking the length of my shaft with her right hand as her head continued to bob back-and-forth, taking half of it into her mouth. She retreated for a quick moment, only to dab and swipe her tongue across my testicles, but then snatched my erection right back into her mouth. Those beautiful, sky-blue eyes never left my face as muffled sounds and tiny groans escaped from deep within her throat.

"Such a good, little cocksucker! You do that so well," Pamela praised Kristanna before shifting her gaze toward me. "How exactly are you and this Colt related again, Jeremy?"

Good God, I could only take so much of this exquisite torment! These two ladies had been working me over for what seemed like an eternity. No normal, ordinary man was built to withstand a double blowjob from two bombshell blondes like this! "His mother... is my dad's sister."

"Alexa and Merissa stressed the flipside of that, too. They cannot hold each other in higher regard than they do Colt. Everything's gotta be equal, on equal ground. Just how I want it to eventually be for the three of us." Pamela leaned over and pecked Kristanna on the cheek, watching her intently. "They say it's really difficult to make work - their three-way marriage - but they're successful at it because they get along so good and love each other so much. There's no jealousy, no secrets between them. Compromises and sacrifices are made on a daily basis. If there's any problems, they hash it out and settle them immediately. It was fascinating to hear their story, how it all came about. I learned so much. Jeremy and I could tell all three of them are really, really happy together."

I must admit, even I've been surprised by the way Pamela has seemed to be all-in since agreeing to allow Kristanna into our relationship, possibly even our future marriage. Seriously, Pamela wanted this to happen. I could tell. She spoke to Cousin Colt and his two wives from Kansas for three hours yesterday while we were flying from Baltimore to Lima, then spent the other five doing all sorts of Internet research on polyamorous couples and families. She read message boards, opinion articles, legal ramifications, its pros and cons and even chatted with others in the lifestyle through social media.

Once we got back to the island last evening, Pamela was awake until 3:00am on this very computer here in the master bedroom, doing even more research, while I was asleep just 20 feet away, so physically and mentally exhausted after all that travel that I was literally dead to the world.

Pamela told me yesterday afternoon that she was the type of person who when they agree to or even think of trying something new - something _different_, out of the ordinary - they do all the research they can, want to know all the details possible. That made perfect sense, really, because Pamela had proven time and time again that her brain was like an information sponge. It soaked up all the knowledge it could.

It was also similar, according to what Pamela had told me while we were in Maryland, of how she did her investigative work on the strip club industry before ultimately deciding to become a dancer in 2007. Pamela spent several weeks researching it as well before finally deciding to audition.

Before making any sort of commitment, Pamela wanted to be certain the polyamorous/polygamous lifestyle was for her.

"Oh my fucking God," I groaned, the pleasure within me almost becoming too much to bear.

Kristanna's act of fellatio now included stimulating her labia with two fingers from her left hand while using her right to squeeze and knead both of her bra-clad breasts. What this meant, of course, was that Kristanna was now sucking my cock without using her hands, and thus swallowing its full, entire length into the far reaches of her throat with every forward head-stroke. No-hands-head at its finest.

"I have no issue with you marrying both of us. That is, if everything works out and we all decide that's what we want. I have no concerns, no hang-ups." Pamela trailed her right hand up and down Kristanna's spine, caressing her, before settling upon her ass. She squeezed that bare ass and seemed to admire it. "I don't think it would be fair or conducive to a healthy relationship if Jeremy and I were married and you were on the outside looking in, Krissy. Plus, I know there are ways to work around the legality of it all. Colt, Alexa and Merissa have done it successfully since March of 2016."

Kristanna finally withdrew my cock from the clutches of her throat and found herself breathing in deep, heavy gasps. She needed time to catch her breath - allowing me a brief respite - before asking, "What changed your mind?"

"About what? Allowing you into our relationship?"

"Yeah."

"I don't know." Pamela shrugged her shoulders. "Maybe it's time I think outside the box, you know? Mom-Mom always used to tell me that... don't be afraid to try something risky, something different. Plus, I know how much you love Jeremy, Krissy, and my God, he loves you too. So many things have happened on this island since I first came here five weeks ago and my viewpoint on several things, it's changing."

"I've been different my whole life. I admit it, I own it, I embrace it," Kristanna murmured, even reaching out and rubbing Pamela's kneecap as she sat on the floor beside her. "A lot of people don't like me because I'm different." She smiled faintly. "Come on, babydoll. It's your turn." Kristanna scooted to the side, allowing Pamela to move in and have total access. "You're so pretty when you suck cock."

Pamela made a face. "Who doesn't like you?"

"Lots of people." Kristanna gave a sad, little shake of the head and explained, "I strive to make the right decisions, but no one is perfect and each of us can only do so much. Since I'm very vocal about trying my best to be positive, always kind, eco-friendly, vegan, not doing drugs and so on, it's easy for others to criticize every move I make. Especially during those times when I struggle and make mistakes of my own."

Pamela dwelled on that for a moment or two. "And there are people who don't like that about you? In Norway? They don't like your personality, your kindheartedness?"

Kristanna leaned over and gave my cock a slow, sweeping lash with her tongue. "Yes."

"_Fuck them_." I couldn't help but to smile at Pamela's simple, straightforward response. Nor could I agree with it more. "I, for one, never want you to change one thing about yourself, Krissy, or the way you think. I'm learning so many new things from you about life and love, and I'm starting to understand why Jeremy pushed so hard for you to be included in our relationship, our future. You're truly one-of-a-kind."

Kristanna grinned at that compliment, but stayed true to her form in reiterating, "You're so pretty when you suck cock. Please, Pamela... suck Jeremy's cock. Do it for me."

Without hesitation, Pamela began to tease the very tip of my shaft with her exquisitely soft lips and tongue. She cupped my testicles with her left hand while rhythmically pumping and frigging the base of my shaft with her right. Pamela then went down on me several times in succession with her mouth, only to pull out and splay angel kisses across its pulsating head. The whole time, of course, Pamela never wavered, looking at me with those big, chocolate brown eyes of hers.

"What Colt, Lexi - _Alexa_ - and Merissa have together is my ideal relationship, my dream scenario," Kristanna swooned. "I've dreamed of having both a husband and a wife for as long as I can remember. I came close with my two friends in Norway, Mike and Carolyn, but I knew there was something better out there for me. I just had to find it."

"You loved Mike and Carolyn," I said in response, suddenly glaring down at her. "You went on and on about them for the first three years you and I knew each other."

"I did love Mike and Carolyn and, in many ways, I still do. They'll always be special and hold a place in my heart. They taught me everything I know about sex and how to be good to others. Especially Mike." Kristanna smiled sweetly and a tear streaked down her face. "I just love you more, Jeremy."

And thus, my heart literally melted.

Pamela grinned up at me. "You're the something better she was searching for."

"Exactly," Kristanna nodded.

Pamela removed her right hand from my cock, then simply swallowed it whole. Still refusing to break eye contact, Pamela's lips and nose were stuffed hard upon my pubic bone as she made little gagging and choking noises that sent my senses spiraling even more out of control. I could feel myself deep in her throat... it was utterly amazing.

Pamela gasped and breathed deeply 30 seconds later, finally releasing my shaft and pulling it out of her mouth. I tossed my head back in my lounge chair and growled like a raving madman. How much more of this sweet torture could I take before my body just spontaneously combusted?

"That was pretty hot," Kristanna commented, dabbing a single strand of pre-cum from Pamela's cheek with a finger and licking it dry. She turned Pamela's face toward hers, and the two ladies shared a slow-moving, deep kiss. Oh, wow... _holy fuck_! Their tongues danced together, sliding over their lips. Kristanna wrapped her long, slender arms around Pamela's shoulders, pulling her close, then opened her mouth and sucked on her tongue. They tilted and twisted their heads furiously until finding just the right angle. When it was over, Pamela and Kristanna pulled back slightly and lovingly gazed into each other's eyes, and even bumped noses repeatedly.

They reminded me of a pair of young, playful kittens...

Kristanna took my cock into her own right hand yet again, then smiled up at me as she began to squeeze and frig away. Pamela, meanwhile, descended over its length once more, inhaling it up to Kristanna's fist. Kristanna quickly got the idea and removed her hand, allowing Pamela to have free reign. Pamela began to violently bob her head up-and-down over my erection, her wondrous, hungry mouth using a vacuum technique that took me to the very edge of madness.

"I've always loved watching you suck cock," Kristanna admitted, the smile on her face enormous, as she rose up to her knees and moved behind Pamela. She slid one bra strap down, then the other. "You do it so well." Kristanna undid both ties on Pamela's bra and promptly removed it, then cupped those big, luscious breasts with both hands from behind. "I'm not afraid to admit it - I've watched videos of you and Jeremy together in the voyeur room and just been in awe. I always wished I could suck cock that good!" Kristanna leaned down and peppered Pamela's neck and shoulder area with excess kisses. "It also helps that you're hot as hell and have the body of a supernatural goddess."

"You're the Valkyrie," Pamela conceded. "Not me."

"Uh-uh, no way. I ain't got nothing on you."

"Maybe I could teach you some new tricks?" Pamela seemed to love these compliments, even though she was too modest (and perhaps even too insecure) to fully embrace them. "You know, sucking cock?"

Kristanna grinned. "Oh, I'd love that."

"I am older and more experienced than you..."

"We could teach a lot of things, I'm sure." Kristanna smiled gently. "That's what love and marriage is for, isn't it?"

Kristanna watched Pamela continue to perform her own, patented brand of fellatio on my shaft, then shifted her focus and gazed at me with hot, smoldering eyes. Taking things one step further, Kristanna suddenly stood up and leaned full across Pamela's shoulder in order to offer me a deep, soul-touching type of kiss. Pamela, her head still bobbing away with reckless abandon, reached up with her right hand and trailed her fingertips along the cleft between Kristanna's thighs.
