 I was standing next to my car, hanging onto the open door tentatively. I compulsively played with my keys as I shivered in my short black dress. He looked at me expectantly. 

“I’ve changed my mind, Ron,” I said in a small voice. “I can’t do it. It’ll be weird! What if I’m the only girl? Maybe we should just go…”

He sighed, and said in an exasperated voice, “You’ve been talking about this for ages. If you don’t want to go, that’s fine. But I think you do.”

I felt my resolve stiffening. I was going to be brave. I was going to be sexy for my lover. I locked the car, closed the door, resolutely straightened my dress, and grabbed Ron’s arm. I flashed my ID, walked by the bright lights, and we were there. I was at my first strip club. It may not seem like a big deal, but I had been having bisexual thoughts for a long time. I had seen girls in the locker room and at slumber parties, but I had never seen a naked woman showing off her leather-encased pussy. It was a big day. 

We walked in to a large area of tables and chairs, and two stages at either end. We sat for a while, examining the various women as they walked by. I felt my pussy grow wet in simple adoration for these women with such beautiful bodies. We decided to move closer to the stage, to get in on the action. 

The next song started, and a bottle blond swaggered off the stage. The next girl was up, and the moment we saw her, our hearts started beating a little faster. She was hot. She was the kind of girl that other girls hate, and that guys are scared of. She was dressed in black leather thigh high boots and a small black thong. She looked like she wasn’t to be messed with. As she moved her body around the stage, she swung her shoulder-length black hair and writhed around on the pole. She was coming towards me. I was intimidated, and amazingly tingly. I am not a meek girl, but I don’t tend to wear leather. This chick was a different kind of hot than my kind, and this was a hugely intriguing, as well as amazingly sexy. 

She moved towards me, and picking up a dollar bill, whispered “Take it from me, baby,” as she put it in her mouth.

I hesitated for what seemed like ages, until my boyfriend pushed me forward anxiously. Tilting my head, I opened my mouth and felt the bill against my tongue. I could smell her feminine scent, the heat of her mouth, and her soft hair touched my face. An audible gasp was heard among the neighboring men as we came centimeters from a kiss. She smiled at me, half lustfully, half tenderly. 

“Mmm, baby, that was hot!” Ron whispered. “What did you think?”

“I think I’m confused about my sexual orientation!” I responded. “It’s amazing to be so close to a woman. So much softer than with a man.”

“I think she has something for you, baby,” Ron said. She had been looking over at me throughout her song, but I was skeptical. 

“She sees tons of girls here all the time. Girls hotter than I am!” I responded. “It’s her job to make people feel wanted.” 

I would find out that evening that I was very wrong. 

Her number soon ended and we wandered to another table, sipping Cokes and talking convivially, enjoying the experience we were sharing. We had discussed whether or not I would get a lap dance, and although I was hesitant, I wanted to feel a woman’s touch again. We were debating back and forth when SHE walked by. Ron took the initiative, tapping her on the arm. 

“Excuse me,” he said, “would you mind giving my girlfriend and I a lapdance?” 

“Sure,” she responded with a friendly smile. “Go sit by that curtain. I’ll be out in a minute.”

Since each dancer gave lapdances for two songs, we decided to split the dance. She came from behind the curtain, and introduced herself as Paris. We told her our plans, and looking us both up and down, she quickly acquiesced. 

It was Ron’s turn first. I have to admit that I was a little reluctant to have another woman put her hands all over my boyfriend. That was until I saw the look on his face as she performed her dance. She caressed his face with her breasts. She bent over in front of him, displaying her perfect small, round ass. She ran her fingernails up and down his legs, across his chest, and through his hair. His mouth was hanging over and his eyes were glazed. I was doing the same. I couldn’t believe how much it turned me on to see another woman on my man. Just his look made me wet, as I could tell how much he was enjoying it. 

It was then my turn. She could tell I was a little nervous. She sat next to me, and we talked idly for a few minutes. Thus relaxed, she got between my legs and began running her hands up and down my legs. 

“Very smooth,” she commented. “Very sexy.”

This was definitely going well. I felt her soft breasts against my face, wondering in the scent of her beautiful femininity. She rubbed her cheeks against mine, as she ran her hands up and down my body. It took all my willpower not to embrace her in my arms. I had often wondered what it would be like to touch the soft bodies of the girls in my gym classes, what it would be like to make soft love to a female classmate. I was now satisfying a little of my curiosity. I pried my eyes off her body and looked up to see my boyfriend salivating, his eyes heavy with lust. Looking around, I saw that quite a few men in the area were in the same condition. 

She rubbed her ass on my pussy, she rubbed her leather-clad legs against my bare legs. Her scent was intoxicating, and her smooth skin writhed so tantalizingly close to my hands and lips. 

The song ended. I couldn’t have been more disappointed. She stood up, and as we slipped her a few bills, she whispered, “You two are a very sexy couple. Thanks for the good time.” 

We decided to leave on this high note. On our way out, a bouncer caught Ron by the arm. We exchanged an alarmed look, until the bouncer said, “Paris asked me to give this to you.” He slipped a piece of paper into Ron’s hand, and added, “You’re lucky. She never does this.” He winked as he told us good night. 

We waited until we got outside to read the note. It read: “Meet me here at 1 am. I’ll be done with work then.” 

It was 15 minutes ‘til, so we decided to wait in the warmth of the car. The minutes seemed to drag by. At 1:02, there was a knock on the window. I unlocked the doors, and she climbed in the back of my car. She was now wearing a tight pair of jeans, and a great red tank top that really accented her complexion.  

We exchanged pleasantries, which were surprisingly without awkwardness. I think we had all felt a connection at the club, as unusual as that sounds. The only tension in the air was sexual. I could see a huge bulge in Ron’s pants, and maybe even a spot of wetness. 

She immediately took control of the situation. 

“We can go to my place,” she said in a smooth voice.

I pulled out of the parking lot, and as I did so, I felt hands on my neck. 

“You look tense,” she whispered. 

Caught in the spirit of things, I reached over to caress Ron’s bulge. He moaned quietly, and moved his hand to my breast. His gentle squeezes made my wet pussy even wetter. 

“We’re close,” Paris noted. 

Ron and I winked at each other at the pun.

“Turn here. That’s my apartment right there.” 

I parked, and we walked up the stairs to her door. Her living room was cozy and intimate, appointed in dark colors but with sparkly Christmas lights all around. There was a large, black leather couch in the center of the living room, with a shaggy dark purple rug lying in front. 

“Have a seat,” she said in a warm voice. “I’ll get us some drinks. Beer okay?”

Ron and I nodded yes, and got comfortable on the couch. While she was gone, we exchanged looks of total disbelief. Here we were, acting out a longstanding fantasy with an incredible hot stripper who wanted us. It seemed like it couldn’t get any better. She walked in, beers in hand, and sat directly between Ron and I. We started drinking, and after a few more, began to talk like old friends. By now, Ron’s arm was over her shoulder, and her hand was on my thigh. 

Then all of the sudden, it got quiet. I noticed her nipples penetrating the cloth of her sweater, which clung tightly to her curves. 

“I don’t want to wait any longer,” she said, with impatience in her voice. “I want to finish what we started.”

And with that, she leaned forward, and kissed me full on the lips. The force of the kiss caught me by surprise. She had her arms wrapped around my neck, and was pulling me close. Her lips were so tender, so moist. Lost in the sensuality of the moment, I didn’t even realize until I felt a cold breeze that she had slipped the straps of my dress off my shoulders, and had pushed it down to expose my full breasts. My nipples were erect by this time, and she reached her hand up to gently tweak one. Suddenly, she broke the kiss and stood up, facing us. I wondered if I had done something wrong until she pulled her top off, exposing her full B-cup breasts. Her nipples were pink, and they were completely erect. I salivated at the thought of their smoothness. She then wriggled out of her jeans, exposing her smooth thighs and the small black thong from the strip club. She was also wearing the same leather, black thigh-high boots. 

Looking me straight in the eye, and standing almost naked in the middle of the room, she asked, “Have you ever been with a woman before?”

I shook my head. 

“Oh, good, I’ll be the first then,” she said with a smile. She dropped to her knees in front of me, and without breaking eye contact, dragged her fingernails lightly across my thighs until she reached my red thong, and then eased it off my body. The smell of my pussy was easily discernable, and I could feel its wetness seeping down my thighs. I had completely forgotten about Ron until he gasped with amazement at the sight of her crouching between my legs. We looked at him at the same time, and smiled lewdly. He had his dick out, and was leisurely stroking it. A visible shiver ran through Paris and I as we contemplated his hard, huge, dick ramming in and out of our pussies. 

She turned her attention to the pussy at hand, and licked her lips. She suddenly dived in, her tongue going straight for my clit. I could feel her tongue darting around between the pussy lips, licking up and down from my hole to my clit. 

“Uggh, oh shit.” I moaned loudly, flailing a bit in my pleasure. 

Ron moved to the floor, and started rubbing her breasts gently. She kept licking, flicking her tongue over my bud, lapping up my pussy’s juice like it was honey. He pinched her nipple, and she moaned into my pussy, sending spasms of pleasure. I didn’t think it could get any better until she thrust her tongue into my hole. I saw stars as my body started to get warmer and warmer. 

She paused for a moment, lifting her head. “How is it, lover?”

“So good,” I replied. “I never knew a woman could be this good. But…can I taste you too?”

“I was hoping you’d ask that,” she murmured. 

She laid down on her back on the shag rug. She was still wearing her boots, and she was playing with her nipples, smiling up at Ron as he sat on the couch, waiting for our next move. As I got up, I stepped out of my dress. I was now naked and my breasts were swinging freely. As I bent over to kneel beside Paris, I felt Ron’s hand take some juice from my between my pussy with his fingers. I looked back in surprise and we both watched as he stuck his fingers in his mouth, savoring the taste of my liquid. 

Her face was wet with my juices, and I kissed her, tasting the sweetness of the liquid. I darted my tongue in her mouth, and we passionately kissed for several minutes. Ron’s hand was again near my pussy, and he fingered me as Paris and I exchanged a Sapphic kiss. I then remembered how badly I wanted to eat her pussy. 

I turned around and kneeled on all fours over her, my pussy above her face, and hers right below mine. I leaned down and grabbed the straps of her thong with my teeth, pulling it off of her, and exposing her completely bare pussy. I had thought that I would be nervous my first time, but the smell of her sex, and the sight of her juices on the inside of her thighs took away all nerves. I gently separated her lips with my fingers and touched my tongue to her clit. I was encouraged by her moan of pleasure and I buried my face deep into her cunt. I eased a finger in, and started moving it in and out of her tight hole. At the same time, I was nearing closer and closer to orgasm. 

I then felt Ron’s hand on my ass. 

“Do you want me to fuck you, baby?” he asked. 

I lifted up my head from Paris’ pussy long enough to moan loudly. “Yes, yes, please stick your dick in me! Please fuck me!”

I felt his hard penis at the opening of my sopping wet pussy, and felt it slowly penetrate me. He held my hips firmly as he eased in all the way. 

“Mmm, you’re so wet, baby,” Ron moaned, pushing in fully. 

I started licking Paris’ pussy with more enthusiasm, coating my face with her juices, feeling her entire pussy against my face. Ron’s dick filled me up and he started thrusting with urgency. 

“Oh, shit, darling, oh, shit, she’s licking my shaft.” Ron groaned loudly, and I could feel him thrusting harder and faster. Waves of ecstasy were pulsing through my body. 

Her tongue moved on and off my pussy, and I could only assume that what Ron had said was right. She was licking my pussy and moving to his shaft and balls as he pushed me forward with his thrusts. 

I could feel the walls of my pussy start to clench. Ron could feel it too, because he moaned loudly. I continued sucking on Paris’ clit, and quickened the pace of my finger. 

“I’m going to cum,” moaned Ron. “You’re so fucking tight. Oh, keep licking, Paris. Fuck!”

“Paris, I’m going to cum,” I echoed, speaking though her pussy. 

“Me, too,” I heard her say through my pussy. 

I felt my pussy clench and then spasm. Waves of color rolled over me, and I felt on the verge of passing out. Paris’ pussy clenched my finger, and I could hear her muffled scream. 

“I’m cumming, fuck, I’m cumming,” yelled Ron as he thrust one last time into my pussy. I could feel his cum fill me up and he slowly pulled out. I removed my finger from Paris’ cunt and looked back to see Paris catching the drips of semen that fell from Ron’s penis in her pink mouth. 

I climbed off her, and we all sat on the floor, leaning against the couch. I leaned over to Ron with my juice-covered face, and he cleaned Paris’ pussy juice off my face. He licked his lips with satisfaction, and we enjoyed a long, tongue-filled kiss. 

“That was wonderful, guys, thanks,” said Paris, breathlessly. 

“No problem,” we both replied in unison. 

“But there’s something very wrong with this picture,” she said. “Ron’s dick is sitting here all dirty.” She winked at me, and we crawled over, naked, to Ron. He spread his legs, and I went for his balls. I smelled the sex on his balls, and could taste the cum that had run off his dick, and that Paris had missed. I licked them with my tongue, running it in every crevice. I put them in my mouth, one at a time, cradling them gently as I used my lips to squeeze them. 

Paris began running her tongue up and down his dick, savoring the taste of his juices and mine mingling together. She looked up at him with her big brown eyes as she caressed his penis with her tongue. He put his hand on her head, pushing her down to fully swallow his now very hard dick. 

Looking coyly at Ron, Paris asked, “Is there something you’d like to do with that dick?”

He grabbed her by the shoulders and kissed her roughly. 

“Ride me,” he urged, still holding onto her shoulders.

“You want me to sink my pussy down on your cock? Do you want to feel my cunt on your dick?” she was teasing him mercilessly, caught in his embrace, staring straight at him. 

“Yes, yes I do.” Ron let go of her, and she took the opportunity to push him to the floor. His look of surprise was quickly replaced by one of lust as she spread her lips open with her fingers and lowered herself down on his cock. They moaned loudly together, and she started rocking up and down, slowly at first, and then built up a steady pace. She was still wearing her boots, and the sight of a woman with long black hair and long black boots crouching over my boyfriend, riding him hard, and pinching her own nipples was unbelievable. 

She bent down to kiss him, and then moved to his ear, where she whispered something lascivious. It was good, because he grabbed her ass and started helping her to fuck him. At the time, I was between Ron’s legs, massaging and squeezing his balls. I then stopped, and moved towards Paris, coming behind her and cupping her breasts with my hands, pushing my breasts against her back. 

I was gently raining kisses on her smooth and feminine neck when she whispered, “Look in the top drawer of the desk over there.”

I got up and walked to the cherry desk, and pulled the drawer open. I found a strap-on dildo and several bottles of lube. Getting her drift, I pulled out the dildo and fitted it over my pussy. It had a nub that fit into my pussy, filling me with pleasure as I eased it in. I grabbed a bottle of lube and headed back to the action. 

Paris was leaning over, and they were exchanging passionate kisses. She looked up and smiled at me, and whispered another juicy tidbit into Ron’s ear. He looked at me, and from his expression, I could tell that he had almost cum seeing me wear the dick. 

I knelt behind Paris and gently spread her cheeks. I could see her puckered asshole, pink and delicate. I stretched my tongue out to feel it, to lick around the edges of her hole. It tasted salty, warm, sensual. My pussy was getting wet at the dirtiness of the situation. I thrust my tongue into her hole and was rewarded with a loud grunt from Paris. I could taste earthiness in the hole and continued to grasp her ass firmly as I thrust my tongue in and out of her ass. I was having to move up and down, as she was still fucking Ron voraciously. I sat up, and grabbing the bottle of lube, amply spread the cool gel over the dick. I put some on my finger, and spread it up and down her crack, finally easing a lubed finger into her ass. She screamed in pleasure, and I put my dick at the rim of her hole. 

“Put it in,” she urged. “Fucking put it in. Fuck me!” 

I thrust into her. She yelled in anger and in pleasure. 

“Goddammit! Why did you have to do it so hard? Mmm, that feels so good!” she quickly changed her mind as her ass became accustomed to the large intruder. 

My pussy was now rubbing against her ass as I was buried to the hilt in her anus. I tentatively started to thrust in and out. She was lying almost completely against Ron, and I was practically on top of her. Looking past her head, I could look straight into the eyes of my lover Ron.  

“Shit!” Ron exclaimed. “I can feel it rub against my dick. Oh, shit. Your pussy is so tight, Paris. Keep fucking her, babe. That’s so sexy. Fuck!”

We were sandwiching Paris in between us now. I was fucking her hard, I didn’t even care if I was hurting her. The strap on was rubbing against my clit, and I was close to coming. I reached down to squeeze Ron’s balls, and from the feel of it, he was close too. Paris started it.

“I’m coming,” she screamed. “Don’t stop!”

Ron and I cried out at the same time as we were shattered by powerful orgasms. I knew that Ron’s dick was spewing cum into Paris’ tight pussy, and I could feel my whole body shake with the explosive orgasm I was having. I slowly withdrew the dick from Paris and we collapsed in a heap, sweaty and coated with sex juices. We disconnected ourselves from each other and lay side by side on the shag rug. 

Paris spoke first. “Remember,” she said, “I work Fridays and Saturdays until 1 a.m.”

“We won’t forget,” Ron and I said, exchanging a look. “We definitely won’t forget.”