 CHAPTER 34. "BENEVOLENCE"

"I've never been able to stand idly by and watch the fate of a defenseless animal go south - especially if I have the power to stop it -- and it's gotten me into a few... situations... over the years. There was the pony when I was 18 that was on its way to auction for slaughter. I've told you about her before, Jeremy. I spent all the money I'd saved growing up during school to purchase it and begged Papa for the rest so I could give that pony a good home on my family farm. Aquarelle is still alive and doing great today. You name it, I've saved it -- cats, dogs, fish, mice, lizards, a few horses and even a goat."

"Before I came to the island last month, Wiggles and Binky were the two newest additions to my ever-growing pet clan back home in Norway. Two little rabbits, you know, combined they almost fill the palm of my right hand. So incredibly cute and adorable. Wiggles liked to follow me around the house like a little duck while Binky couldn't seem to stop chewing all the cords on my computer. By now, wouldn't surprise me if the computer itself is a hollow shell of its former self."

"Oh yeah, I had some new fish, too." I absolutely loved to listen to Kristanna talk and share little details about her life and all the experiences she'd been through thus far. Kristanna was so sweet and charming; she had a way with words and could wave that proverbial magic wand any way she wanted. Seriously, the woman could talk her way into or out of anything. In many ways, listening to Kristanna was relaxing, even therapeutic, to me. "Would you like to hear the story?"

"Of course."

"Okay, okay. I was walking around downtown Oslo about six weeks ago when I passed by a pet store that, somehow, I'd never noticed before. How is that possible? Me, not knowing about a pet store within a 50-kilometer radius of my hometown? Anyway, there were a bunch of Budgerigars -- parakeets -- in cages outside the door and since they weren't typical, not native to the area, I decided to take a look inside. The pet store was loaded with filthy tanks and cages that were way overcrowded. Mice were running over dead and dying mice and I saw parrots with patches missing where they'd picked clean their own dead and decaying skin. It made me feel more than a bit homicidal. I went to leave and saw what I thought was a dead fish at the bottom of a plastic drinking cup with barely any water in it. I tapped on the cup. The fish wriggled. I immediately went and got the sales guy."

"He tapped the cup, too. Klump was his name, very fitting. The fish wriggled again. I reprimanded Klump for not taking better care the animals in his shop. He said the fish was okay and tried to walk off. I told him no, it wasn't okay. I want the fish. Klump tried to point me toward the more expensive fish in the corner, but I said no again. I want THAT fish. Now."

"Long story short, Klump sold me the fish."

"Next thing I know, I'm walking around downtown Oslo with a fish in a bag. The fish clearly didn't know what to think of me. I'm a stranger who made kissy faces at it, right? Quite honestly, I didn't know to think of the fish itself, either. It was a tense situation, to say the least."

"I keep walking, doing whatever I can to forget the pet store and its existence, but it was too late. The damage was done; it was already etched within my memory. I went back and bought two more fish. Klump tried flirting with me this time, but I blew him off. I couldn't take all the fish, yet for these three fish, I figured I was doing a good deed."

"So now, I'm walking around downtown Oslo with three fish in a bag. I make it to the shopping district -- the original intention, mind you -- but I'm too angry to think about any new clothing. I want animal services to close down that rancid pet store and for everything in it to have a good home. I turn a corner and BAM, wouldn't you know it -- a _fuckin' bunny peddler_. It's getting late and only two are left. They're still baby bunnies, maybe four weeks old. They're in the direct sunlight with no food or water and I put my three rescued fish in one arm and chastise the old man for swinging the bunnies around in bird cages, peddling them to strangers. He didn't seem to care. I said I wanted them both. This made the man happy and I was able to barter their price down to the very last kroner I had in my purse. The fish and all the supplies I'd bought earlier had taken up the rest of my cash."

"So now, I'm walking around downtown Oslo with three fish, two baby bunnies and I'm broke as can be. It was at this point when Carolyn, my friend, told me I was never allowed to go shopping downtown ever again. She wouldn't let me take another step forward and promptly steered me back toward the car -- perhaps there was a litter of kittens in the bush up ahead she didn't want me to see - and took me home."

"Fast-forward a couple of days and I had my own little pet store on my desk in my bedroom. Momma promised to look after them while I was away visiting the island. Binky pooped on my keyboard and I had to put her in timeout for a few minutes the night before my flight left. Fish number one was a loner. Fish number two went to Heaven. Fish number three couldn't stop eating. Both bunnies were fine, in good shape. Momma says they're growing like crazy nowadays. Funny how active and playful Wiggles and Binky became once they had access to fresh water and proper food, huh?" Kristanna paused briefly, then turned her attention toward Pamela as the three of us lounged together atop the bed here in the master suite. "Have you ever had a pet rabbit, Pamela?"

I chuckled, already knowing the answer to that question. Who could forget three weeks ago when Pamela -- as well as Lindsay - accused Bugs Bunny, one of Kristanna's pet rabbits here on the island, of being an evil _bunny gremlin_? Pamela and Lindsay even claimed that Bugs Bunny was planning _house-wide vermin destruction_. It was so funny, so off-the-wall. To this day, that remains as one of my favorite, little moments from these five-plus weeks with the ladies thus far.

"Me? A pet rabbit?" Pamela made a face. "Heck no."

"When I was growing up, I had Mini Rexes," Kristanna said to her. "In America, people call them the Velveteen Rabbit because their guard hair is as long as their down and when you pet them, it feels like you're petting warm air. I had 14 Mini Rexes at one point and they were my favorite things in the world, bar none. Then once my sophomore school year ended, in the summer, after I'd sold the last babies from the last litter, Momma said there was no reason for me to have 14 Mini Rexes and made me get rid of almost all of them."

"You seem like an experienced rabbit owner, maybe even an expert on them." Pamela had been mostly quiet thus far as Kristanna had been going on and on about her love of animals for the past half-hour. "I'm no expert myself, but the little varmint that roams around the house - Bugs Bunny -- there's NO WAY he's a normal rabbit. He's... different. He's evil!"

Kristanna giggled because she knew Pamela was being silly with her. Pamela and Bugs Bunny had still yet to reach any sort of common ground, a truce. "What? What's there not to love? Bugs is perfectly potty-trained. He has access to the entire house and you'll never find a bunny poop out of place. He comes galloping to the front door and greets me like a dog each time I step in from the outside. He'll even watch television on the sofa and snuggle by my side."

"Bugs also knows where his food is, isn't afraid to rip it open and take whatever he wants, whenever he wants it." Again, there was a playful tent to Pamela's voice as she quipped, "Jeremy had to scold him for pulling fruits and vegetables out of the garbage last night. You saw it. I had to shoo him away for trying to eat off my dinner plate a week ago. He begs. I woke up this morning and found Bugs on the nightstand right here next to the bed -- just inches away from my face - his beady, little eyes staring right back at me. And all morning, it seemed, Bugs was mad at me. I have no idea what I did to him." Pamela exhaled sharply, blowing several strands of yellow-blonde hair skyward upon her forehead. "I mean, he's been stalking me for several hours now. I just know... that rabbit is plotting something big." Pamela seemed to ponder things for a moment. "He's the bunny gremlin, I tell you!"

Kristanna simply shook her head and laughed, opting to otherwise stay silent on that one. I could see what Kristanna was doing here with Pamela because she'd done the same thing to me four years ago when we first met. Hell, she'd been doing it ever since. Kristanna was being sociable and outgoing -- funny - doing whatever she could to draw happy, relaxed vibes from Pamela. And it was working. I'd never seen Pamela so carefree and relaxed like she'd been these past few days.

Like me, Pamela didn't have the greatest backstory or the most pleasant experiences throughout life. We'd been hurt, whether it was due to others and/or plain circumstances. Yet Kristanna was showing Pamela that it was okay to laugh, it was okay to have fun, to be silly. There was no harm in it. Life didn't need to be so straitlaced and by-the-book all the time.

It took me a long time to finally realize that. But once I did, Kristanna and I routinely laughed at the craziest things, the most harebrained, out-of-this-world ideas. Trust me, you'd be amazed at some of our wild discussions in recent times.

"Why don't you tell Pamela what you told me about your dog the other night?" Kristanna looked at me quizzically as I elaborated, "You know, about Freya being... famous."

"Yeah! Yeah, oh yeah." Kristanna nodded her head several times in succession, as if she was gearing up to tell another of her unique, outlandish stories. I wondered how many inconsistencies it would have with the story she'd conveyed to me about her dog on Sunday evening. "I have two dogs back in Norway, Loki and Freya. Believe it or not, but Freya... Freya is a very famous dog. She's quite famous."

"Oh yeah? How so?" Pamela knew all about Kristanna and her storytelling, so she seemed skeptical as to the validity of Freya actually being _famous_. As always, though, everything with Kristanna was fun and free-spirited. She enjoyed making others laugh and entertaining them with her high tales.

"My friend Ingrid, who's a crazy dog lover, texted me in the middle of the night about two months ago and was like, _oh my God, I just figured out what breed Freya is._" A mischievous smile then appeared on Kristanna's lips as she explained, "Freya is a... Ned-der-lan-da Kook-a-hon-da."

"What?" Pamela shot back, giggling, of course. Typical Kristanna there, as she'd spaced those syllables out slow as molasses when saying them and it was quite comical. She could be a comedian, I tell you! "There's no way you're pronouncing that right. That is, if that's even an actual dog breed." Pamela did know a thing or two about dogs. She owned a Golden Retriever named Hadley -- quite an energetic, friendly gal -- that I'd met during our trip to Maryland.

"I know I'm saying it right! Nederlandse Kooikerhond, see? She's a Dutch Royal dog. She's a dog that was bred for Dutch Royalty in like the 18th century or something."

"Where did you get her?"

"I found her at a junkyard in Lommedalen." I grinned -- knowing where this story was headed -- as she went on, "But here's the thing. Here's the thing! I'm convinced there was a Dutch prince shopping on Skollerudveien -the main roadway in Lommedalen -- and accidentally just lost her. And then Freya went into the junkyard and kept hiding until I went there with a friend one day, looking for some spare auto parts, and found her." Kristanna tilted her head back-and-forth several times and then chirped, "See? She belongs in a castle!"

"WHAT?" Pamela repeated, laughing again. "Wait. The Dutch prince was shopping in the Norwegian town, with this dog, and the dog got away..."

"A puppy. A royal puppy," Kristanna corrected her.

"...and wandered off into a junkyard?"

Kristanna nodded. "Ingrid, my friend, said since day one that she knew there was something very... royal about Freya. It took some time, yes, but we finally solved the puzzle. Freya is a Dutch Royal dog from the 18th century!"

"Oh? From the 18th century?" Pamela was still giggling. "She must be old, huh?"

"Freya is a royal ghost dog and really, really famous." Kristanna handled that in stride, without any hesitation at all. "I feel honored and humbled just to be in her presence."

Pamela shook her head. "You're nuts. Just plain nuts."

I've always appreciated a girl with a sense of humor, but Kristanna was different. She was wild, zany, off-the-charts. Why was it absolutely everything Kristanna did was so damn attractive to me? Everything she said? Plain and simple, the chick was so fucking sexy. I don't know how else to properly explain it. Kristanna was truly one of those _something about her_ girls who only came around once in a lifetime.

On the same token, though, I realized not everyone would _get her_. Not everyone would understand Kristanna and the things she says, the things she does. She had her share of detractors; people who didn't like her. That's perfectly fine. Her sense of humor was very unique and, best of all, she refused to change her ways for anyone.

"Why don't you tell Pamela about the new sport you've recently taken up?" was my next suggestion. "It's not near as physical as basketball or kickboxing, right?"

"Yes, that's right." I could literally see the wheels spinning in Kristanna's head as she devised what to say next. No matter what, she was bound to be sarcastically funny while improvising on the spot here. "Guess what, Pamela? I'm on my way to the Winter Olympics in the sport of curling."

"That's not true," Pamela immediately said.

"It is true. It is," Kristanna grinned. "I joined the Curling Academy of...Heggehullet. Beijing Olympics, 2022, gold medal... mark it down!" Pamela stared at Kristanna with dumbfounded eyes -- clearly not believing a word of this - as she spoke in an even, honest tone, "Actually, I was tricked into going to that. The curling academy, that is. My friend, Mike, he's always been really obsessed with curling and they have a new category of mixed doubles. Most of the couples are actually couples in real life and, you know, I was with Mike and his wife, Carolyn, on and off for six years. They're both still good friends of mine and Mike had it in his mind that he and I should get really good at curling and go to the Olympics."

How did Kristanna manage to be so calm and cute and beautiful and funny at the same time? It was amazing. And where the hell did she come up with her content?

"Was everyone at the curling academy new to it like you and just curious?" Pamela seemed willing to play along for now. "Or were some of them already really good?"

Kristanna tossed her hands up in utter frustration. "A lot of people had their own brooms! Which, I was like... where do you get a curling broom? The grocery store? Amazon?"

"I was gonna ask, where do you buy a broom?"

"I don't know," Kristanna told Pamela. "I don't know. All I know is that... I did my best to broom fast and hard. The competition at the academy was cutthroat; it was intense!"

Pamela shrugged her shoulders and laughed uproariously. "That's how I've always broomed. Fast and hard."

"I practiced with Mike... every night." Sure, she did!

"Do you think you'll do it again?" Pamela wondered.

"No." Kristanna shook her head, acting steadfast. At this point, it was all I could do to hold back my laughter. This was so damn awkward and funny. "I actually, really honestly liked it, but I felt tricked into it. But now, I... I don't know. I think Mike and I will get there. Just give us four years."

"But you said you're not going back," Pamela grinned.

"Oh... yeah. That's what I meant." And with those words, I broke out into a hysterical fit of laughter. Kristanna seemed unfazed by my reaction, though, keeping a straight face as she also told Pamela, "Nope, I'm never going back. Mike is gonna have to find a new twenty-something blonde harlot to achieve Olympic gold with and share with his wife on the side."

Pamela was silent for a few seconds before asking, "What other sports besides curling are you into, Krissy? Any?"

"I play basketball. People ask me about this a lot because I don't look like I'd be good at basketball, I guess, but I'm... pretty damn good at basketball."

"Why are you so good at basketball?" Pamela wondered. "What makes you so good? Did you start playing young?"

"Umm... I'm not really that good."

Once again, Kristanna had me laughing in stitches. "You just went on and on about how good you are!"

"Okay, I'm really great," Kristanna backtracked. "I'm good. I'm not like... I'm not amazing, but I'm pretty good and I play with, you know, random people and I really like it for the strategy. When I was in school, I played for my church in its basketball league and I was, uh, the point guard and I used to come up with... interesting... versions of plays."

"What do you mean?" Pamela inquired.

"Instead of holding up two fingers to signal the next play, I'd scream out at the very top of my lungs, SACRAMENT RECONCILIATION!" I'd heard this story in the past and it was just as funny then as it was now. "We'd run the play and next time down, maybe I'd scream out THE BLOOD OF CHRIST, which meant I'd pass the ball to Emma in the corner."

Pamela was giggling as well. "You're the most fascinating person I've ever met. I'm serious, Krissy. This is really good stuff. I just... I want to know more about you."

"Ask me anything," Kristanna countered with a goofy grin. "I'll tell you everything."

"Now I'm afraid!" Pamela laughed.

* * *

I freely admit that playing pool - or billiards, as some would call it - is one of my favorite activities. I consider it to be a fun and relaxing sport, although many people would claim that it's not really a sport at all. Regardless, it is a truly great game if you are good at it, yet made even better if those you play with are horrible at it. The ultimate as a guy, though, is when you get to play pool alongside a beautiful woman.

It's not very often when you meet a woman who is actually good at shooting pool. Oftentimes, however, it simply doesn't matter. There's just something so utterly spectacular about a sexy girl holding a pool cue in one hand and smacking balls with the other. Just the mere thought boggles my mind.

I wasn't an active participant on this Tuesday afternoon in the recreation room, as I was sprawled out across one of the massive leather floor comforters and simply taking it easy. My back had been acting up again over the past 24 hours and I needed to rest. Pamela and Kristanna were elsewhere now, enjoying life on the beach alongside Trish and Amy. As for me personally, the show that I had a front row seat for right now was entertaining. I could, in fact, spend the rest of my day here.

For the past 20 minutes, I'd kicked back and idly watched the young and devastatingly gorgeous Lindsay as she struggled mightily trying to pick up the game of pool. With each misplaced shot, it became obvious rather quickly that Lindsay had never played pool in her life until now.

I wasn't complaining, mind you, nor did I have the desire to critique Lindsay and have her take a different approach. I was more than content to watch her stretch and exert her sweet, little body in a different way with each shot, oftentimes bending over at the waist and making me wish I had that nice, taut ass of hers for lunch instead of that garden salad.

Lindsay was so naive that I honestly believed she didn't even realize the effect that she was having on me. It wasn't like Lindsay was dressed to kill, either. She looked nice - as usual - in a beige halter top that exposed a tiny bit of cleavage, with a black sweater over top of it and the buttons all the way open in the front. She had on a pair of black spandex pants and an oversized white belt, and black high-heels with modest two-inch pumps. Her blonde hair was loose; long and free-flowing, and she had a pretty necklace that dangled down past her midriff. The teen-ager appeared as if she was getting ready to go to the local shopping mall with a close group of friends.
