 CHAPTER 35. "VERMILION"

-*- Wednesday, July 11, 2018 -*-

-*- Lima, Peru -*-

"Look," Kristanna murmured, making a face and shaking her blonde head as she shivered theatrically. "And also, yuck."

"Yuck?" Pamela inquired, glancing around curiously, as I stood next to the two ladies and silently admired them. No doubt, I was a man in love. "What yuck?"

"This yuck."

Kristanna cringed and pointed toward a sign on the cosmetics table. The female model on it was very tall and stick-thin just like Kristanna, but also had deeply sunken cheeks and bruise-colored mascara ringing her eyes. So not my type and apparently not Kristanna's, either. "How could anyone possibly put that on their face, their eyes? Yuck."

"I don't get it," Pamela agreed, shaking her head as well. "What's the point of looking like that? It's not attractive at all. I wouldn't be caught dead looking like that." She picked up one of the sample lipsticks, pulled off its cap and then twirled it open. It was a ghastly brown color.

Kristanna scrunched her face again as she shuddered, eyeing the lipstick. "I don't think I'll be buying that." She then picked up another tester and revealed a truly disgusting bluish-black color to Pamela. "Again... YUCK!"

"I bet as a man you must love being in the middle of a beauty shoppe watching Miss USA and Miss Norway pick and dabble at everything in sight, huh?" Casually leaning against a metal bannister, Trish then placed her right hand atop my shoulder and patted it twice in mock sympathy. "Ahhhhh, the sacrifices you must make for your future brides, Jeremy."

"I don't mind," I responded, my eyes still focused upon Pamela and Kristanna. I felt captivated watching them interact and draw closer together with each passing day. "I'm actually enjoying it - the shopping, this whole day. It's therapeutic to me, relaxing... worth its weight in gold, even. I love seeing you girls happy." I reached down and gently grasped Trish's left hand and smiled at her, adding in a soft, tender tone, "It's also nice having Miss Canada by my side today, too, you know."

Trish giggled merrily and eased her leg back, resting a spiked boot-heel upon the railing behind her. "Well, Krissy and Pamela are definitely happy. These two are in their true element here it seems. They obviously love to shop." Her smile turned brighter. "And thank you for the compliment. I don't think anyone has ever called me Miss Canada before."

The four of us were at a cosmetics boutique in _Larcomar_, which was Lima's most upscale and prestigious shopping center. This mall was undoubtedly one of the most unique and interesting places I'd ever visited in the world. Larcomar appeared to be a quaint cliff-side park at initial glance, with fountains, a few palm trees and people gathered at the railing overlooking the ocean. Upon closer inspection, however, Larcomar was a triple-tier, state-of-the-art shopping center that was built into the side of the cliff itself. Very creative and quite the amazing spectacle. To access it, one had to descend through a tunnel via an escalator. The views this mall provided of the Pacific Ocean were simply breathtaking.

On the first level, which was open-air and where we were now, stores varied from mainstream clothing retailers to bookstores and boutiques that specialized in Peruvian artwork and handcrafts. American staples such as Burger King, Chili's and T.G.I. Friday's also made an appearance here. But I'd always had a soft spot for the Peruvian broaster chicken - _pollo a la brasa_ - found at Pardo's Chicken. Literally, it was chicken baked over coals... and tasted divine.

The Larcomar megacomplex was, at least in my opinion, the nicest place in all of Lima to visit. Of all the many shopping centers I've visited in my lifetime, only The Grove in downtown Los Angeles topped this one in terms of aesthetics and appeal.

I tagged along as Pamela, Kristanna and Trish began at one end of the plaza and were now working their way toward the other. Nothing was out of bounds for them to try on or get into. Whether it was getting lost in the mirror maze, finding their way out of an escape room, tasting sample treats, browsing sunglass frames, hats or mascara here in the cosmetics shoppe, the three ladies - especially Pamela and Kristanna - poked their way through everything.

As Pamela was in the process of sniffing a tiny bottle of perfume, Kristanna called out, "Oh... look here, baby!"

"Another yuck?" she asked, turning around.

"No, not at all." Kristanna smiled and held up an ugly, orange-streaked blouse with a small hint of fur-like material on it. I squinted my eyes, literally blinded by the stark color, the tackiness. "Look. Does this blouse scream me, or what?"

Pamela had to contemplate that for a moment. "I don't know if it screams you. It could scream you, I guess, if you were someone else. But you're not. You're you. You know?"

Offering a fake pout, Kristanna lightly stomped her foot upon the floor and turned her attention my way. "What do you think, Jeremy? Does this blouse scream me, or what?"

I tried to imagine Kristanna in the garment. It sure would be a sight. Honestly, it looked hideous. Thankfully, I could tell that she wasn't serious about wanting to buy it. Kristanna was simply being her usual, goofy self.

"I think you ought to stick to tank-tops and shorts." It was the best advice I could give her. "You know... your usual attire back on the island. Although, I must admit, if you were to wear that thing, I could spot you from a mile away. Anyone could."

"Someone could spot you from outer space!" Trish giggled.

Kristanna offered another playful frown as she placed the blouse back onto its rack. "You guys have no fashion sense whatsoever. You have to be fashion forward, like me."

"That thing would set civilization back a hundred years," Pamela mused, withholding a smile. "I could see you in that, Krissy. There's no way you'd ever put that on!"

"I think that blouse would really look good on Trish," Kristanna deadpanned.

"I don't," the Canadian immediately shot back.

Suddenly, Lindsay and Amy appeared in front of us. Two full shopping bags on one arm and using the other to hold Amy's hand, Lindsay was beaming with delight as she looked at us. "Hey guys, we're back." She motioned toward the department store bags and swooned, "Got some goodies too." I also noticed that Amy had an overflowing bag of her own. Indeed, these women absolutely love to go shopping...

"What did you get?" Pamela inquired. "Anything hot?"

"You girls are gonna bankrupt me today," I chuckled.

All six of us were in the midst of our day-long excursion through the Miraflores district of Lima. After arriving at the marina via the big boat shortly after noon, the ladies spent three hours at the hair salon and massage spa, and were thus treated to world-class pampering and style. Next, after coming here to Larcomar and grabbing a bite to eat at the food court, I literally unleashed the ladies by telling them to freely browse the entire complex and buy whatever their little hearts desired. All of it, of course, was on me.

Lindsay reached into one of her bags and pulled out a sexy two-piece bikini with bright neon colors and psychedelic designs all over it. "What do you think?" Her eyes focused on me and I suddenly found myself envisioning what this little princess would look like in the saucy bikini. The mere thought was enough to make my cock rustle about within my trousers.

"You have to model that for me back on the island before going home on Monday," was my simple request.

"Oh, trust me... I will."

"Lindsay may model her new bikini for Jeremy," Kristanna told the others in a teasing, playful voice, "but you know it won't stay on for very long. He won't let it."

Pamela smirked. "It would be like the wrapping on a Christmas gift. Jeremy would have to rip it off!"

"Yeah..." Trish agreed, gazing at Lindsay fervently. Poor Trish; I could tell by the look in her eyes that she was still madly in love with Lindsay. Without question, Lindsay was everything that Trish had ever dreamed and/or fantasized about in another woman. Maybe even a human being, period. Unfortunately, the feeling wasn't mutual as Lindsay had zero interest in any sort of committed relationship at this point in her life. I mean, who could blame her? The girl was only 18.

Still, I felt horrible for Trish. Just awful. How long was it going to take her to finally move on from Lindsay, move past what she felt for her? Sure, they'd never see each other again after this coming Monday, but that was beside the point. How long would Trish dwell on the _what ifs_ and _what could've beens_? Months? Years? Even a decade or longer? Clearly, Lindsay was the only person on the planet who'd complete Trish's life - give her ultimate happiness - but she'd struck out. Poor Trish swung for the fences and came up empty.

"You look so different!" Pamela exclaimed at Lindsay, reaching out and gently grasping her face. "But I love it!"

Lindsay followed through on what she told me were her intentions during our private, heartfelt discussion in the recreation room yesterday; she got a new hairstyle at the salon earlier today. Her long-flowing blonde hair, which I had always found to be so exquisite and perfect, now had a collection of red streaks running throughout it.

The red was technically categorized as mahogany, which was the darkest shade the salon offered. Those bright red streaks coursing throughout her hair looked bold and utterly gorgeous. I had my secret doubts beforehand that Lindsay would appear totally out of place, or simply not natural, with this new hairstyle. But I'd been wrong; she looked remarkable with the added layer of spunk and sass, simply marvelous. Then again, this was Lindsay after all, and quite honestly, I shouldn't have been surprised.

Gorgeous girls can make just about any look work, right?

"I love it," Lindsay grinned, glancing at a nearby mirror for perhaps the millionth time today and admiring herself. She even blew a tiny kiss at her own reflection! Again, it was gratifying to me that Lindsay was happy. She loved her hair and couldn't stop going on about it. That's what this little trip to the mainland was all about today - bringing smiles to faces.

"Your momma is really gonna flip out when she sees you next week," Kristanna chided her.

Pamela crinkled her nose and reiterated a point that I made yesterday by saying, "I've never known of a church minister with red streaks all up and down their hair."

"I'm not a minister yet!" Lindsay defended herself, smiling. "Let me live a little and have some fun, okay? I plan on getting these removed next week once I'm back in Ohio. Most of it will probably be washed away by then, anyway."

"I think it looks great," Pamela offered. "Believe it or not, but I dabbled with a little pink and purple in my hair when I was younger. I thought it helped me stand out from some of the other dancers at the strip club."

"That makes sense," Amy said.

"I didn't keep the look for long. I didn't really care for it, to tell you the truth." Good. I had trouble envisioning Pamela with pink or purple highlights in her hair. I knew she could nail the look - just like Lindsay had with the red streaks - but I preferred Pamela to stay her natural, sun-kissed blonde.

"One thing is for certain," Kristanna mused. "Lindsay the preacher girl will get down on her knees and pray to Jeremy after she models that bikini for him sometime this week."

"Kristanna!" Lindsay scoffed, taken aback that she would mix religion and sexual promiscuity in such a way.

"Did your mom say where she wants to go with you and your sisters on that vacation Jeremy promised them? I know you cannot wait to get home next week and be reunited with your family again."

Lindsay nodded her head at Amy. "Oh, you have no idea. The trip? Italy. My mom has always dreamed of going to Italy. She just can't believe that Jeremy is going to make it become a reality for her, as well as our family, especially considering the fact she's never even met him and never will. My mom was blown away by Jeremy's generosity. I STILL am." A shiver of warmth danced down my spine. Lindsay was such a doll; she was overly grateful to me for my kindness yesterday and, truth be told, the girl was really starting to grow on me. I'd love to shower her with countless more gifts and treasures, too. Too bad Lindsay's mind was already made up and there was no chance of her staying with us beyond Monday. "Jeremy is going to pay off our house, buy all of us new cars and put aside college tuition for my younger sister and my baby niece."

And I was still going to give her a lump sum of $500,000 on top of all that generosity too, though Lindsay wasn't aware of that yet. She deserved it. All the ladies did. They'd enriched my life these past several weeks more than they could ever know and made me a much better person in the process, opened my eyes to so many things. I needed to repay the favor.

Lindsay sniffed her nose. "Yeah... my mom, my family... blown away. Just blown away. Me too."

"That is what Jeremy does. He loves helping others. When we went to California on vacation back in 2015, Jeremy was passing out hundred dollar tips like it was candy to fast-food employees, restaurant waitresses, hotel bellhops and maids, retail store employees. IT'S WHAT HE DOES." Kristanna focused on me and shook her head in amazement. "You even gave $20,000 to that chick who was working in the lingerie store."

"Woah!" Amy promptly exclaimed.

Trish's eyes were wide. "A $20,000... tip?"

"Jeremy and I went to this lingerie boutique out in the California desert while driving to San Diego and we... kind of got carried away, I guess, in the dressing room." Kristanna smirked at the memory, a smoking-hot one at that, and one I'll never forget myself. "I was trying on new outfits and, all of a sudden, Jeremy and I just started fucking each other behind the closed dressing room stall." Lindsay's cheeks turned red and she glanced away momentarily as Kristanna continued, "Because he was so embarrassed and felt we'd made a scene, Jeremy gave the sales clerk - a girl - a money clip that had $20,000 in it. He told her to keep it... it was a tip. That was on top of the $14,000 he'd already spent on me there for new lingerie, high-heels, jewelry and accessories." Kristanna paused briefly. "Again, it's what he does."

"Wow..." Trish gushed.

Did it make more sense now that I planned on giving all the ladies $500,000 instead of just one of them? Think about it; if I could be so nice and gracious toward total strangers, what lengths would I go to for the people I actually cared about? The people who had done special things for me, made my life better? Specifically, Pamela, Trish, Lindsay and Amy? Kristanna? Even Devon and Camille before they left?

Very simple - I've always believed that kindness is contagious and others will reciprocate when they see you do something worthwhile out of the goodness of your heart.

"I can only imagine the joy you feel from doing that, Jeremy." Lindsay's eyes were far-out, dreamy even, as she now gazed longingly at me. "I've spent my entire life dreaming of being in a position to help people like that."

Pamela reached out and grasped Lindsay's wrist. "You will be helping people, sweetheart. You're going to be a minister."

Lindsay nodded. "Yeah, you're right."

"We're running late," I suddenly announced to the group. "Let's head over to the limousine, put your purchases away and get to our next destination." I didn't want this discussion to become an emotional tear-fest in such an open and public place. We could save that for later if need be.

Lindsay, who was dressed in ripped blue jeans, along with a black spaghetti-strap tank-top and black sneakers, reached into one of her bags and retrieved a pair of oversized shades. "Thank you for everything you did for my family, Jeremy. I truly appreciate it." She leaned up on her tiptoes, kissed my cheek and then shielded her watery eyes with the sunglasses.

"Oh, my pleasure, honey. My pleasure..."

* * *

Wanting to confine our tour to Miraflores - which was the flashiest and (most importantly) safest district of Lima - our next stop was Playa Makaha, a chill, relaxed beach with surf shops that offered boards and rentals for beginners. I'd always loved walking along this beach and people-watching; mostly everyone was a beginner when it came to surfing and there were funny mishaps and accidents constantly happening in the water. Of course, I was once a beginner too, so perhaps I shouldn't laugh at others. We all gotta start somewhere, right?

Even better, there was some type of public event going on and we got to witness some live Peruvian battleships sail by. That was pretty awesome and got me pumped up even more.

Further north along the Malecón (the waterfront boardwalk), our group stopped at La Marina Lighthouse and decided to take a little tour. The lighthouse was a fantastic structure, clearly well taken care of, and the greenery, as well as the many parks that surrounded it, added a nice touch. Pamela, Trish and Amy snapped what promised to be stunning photographs at the top, some 354 feet in the air. Lindsay didn't mix well with heights, apparently, and rushed back down to the ground much quicker than she'd gone up.

Next on the sightseeing express was _El Lugar de la Memoria, la Tolerancia y la Inclusión Social_ (The Place of Memory, Tolerance and Social Inclusion). Not for the faint of heart, this museum was built as a testimonial to the two decades (1980-2000) Peru suffered in violence as the result of political unrest and conflict between socialist guerrillas and terrorist groups. Pamela was curious about the subject history and asked that we go inside, but the others weren't interested and ultimately felt uncomfortable with some of the more graphic exhibits. Thus, we didn't stay very long.

With the limousine again waiting for us at the end of our long stroll, we all climbed into it and were promptly whisked across Miraflores to Astrid y Gastón, one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Featuring full Peruvian cuisine, several of the ladies had no clue what to order and asked for input from the patient and thoughtful server.

There was no hesitation from me as I ordered perhaps the most authentic Peruvian dish of them all, lomo saltado. Made of sliced beef stir-fry and mixed with tomatoes, soy sauce, red onions, yellow chile peppers, cilantro and vinegar, with French fries and rice tossed in for good measure, I'd always found lomo saltado to be strangely delicious.

The girls (with the lone exception being Kristanna) were mostly leery of trying their food because it was new to them and like nothing they'd ever tasted before, but ultimately everyone seemed to enjoy their meal. Pamela got the most unique dish - tacu tacu. Made of beans, rice, onions, bacon and spices, everything was mixed together into a thick and hearty pancake and then pan-fried with an egg on top. Pamela gave the tacu tacu dish, although it looked quite peculiar even to my eyes, two thumbs up.

The time was approaching 9:00pm when the ladies and I went to Parque Kennedy, undoubtedly the central hub and focal-point of Miraflores. We could've toured the flea market or the many roadside stands, or even mingled with the hundreds of stray cats here (the park was notoriously famous for them), but everyone agreed to settle down and enjoy the live music in the main square.

Feeling bold and adventurous, Lindsay eventually joined one of the bands on stage and danced to the beat as if she was in a night club. Many of the locals hooted and hollered at the sight, obviously appreciating a beautiful American woman with a flawless, slender body (not to mention red streaks in her hair), prancing and strutting her stuff for all to enjoy. I could tell that Lindsay enjoyed the attention. It was exhilarating for her to do that in front of everyone (not to mention very out of character). Regardless, she was having fun and Kristanna even joined her on stage and the two ladies entertained the crowd with a spirited dance-off.
