 CHAPTER 36. "SERVITUDE"

Finding myself in full roleplaying mode, I had to stay calm and at least try to look the part of a dominant Master. This whole mindset was still very new to me and even more difficult to grasp. Certainly, I was no expert in it. I couldn't allow myself to get too emotionally high or too low. I had to be strict and demanding, yet fair at the same time.

But how was I supposed to have a level head and keep my cool when I had _this_ standing in front of me?

My heart was fluttering within my chest as Amy Zeitler had just emerged from the nearby washroom. A remarkable, stunning vision of red-headed submissive beauty, Amy presented herself to me wearing a French's maid's outfit.

Exquisitely small and very low-cut, the sinful, sexy uniform seemed straight out of an adult mail order catalog. In reality, I'd purchased it for Amy at a lingerie store during our trip to Lima yesterday. The French maid's uniform was black, with a halter-style design for its top that did a terrible (but mouth-watering) job of trying to conceal Amy's large, massive breasts. It teased a lot of cleavage as well, thus the full, outer sides of Amy's breasts were totally visible.

Nothing like a good, naked side-boob, am I right?

Lacey white ruffles adorned the 31-year-old's throat and wrists, and a pair of black thigh-high stockings with garter straps encased both of her magnificent legs. The skirt, made of fine satin, ended several inches above those stockings and offered subtle glimpses of the black, silky G-string that Amy wore underneath. Amy also had on black pumps with five-inch heels and a frilly, lacey hat atop her pretty head.

I have no earthly idea why I didn't think of this any sooner, but if Amy was so damn insistent on being the new housemaid around here... why not have her dress like one?

I gulped my throat and felt my cock rustle within my trousers as Amy spun around in a circle for me, proudly modeling the lovely, exquisite outfit. In the process, her flimsy, little skirt flew upwards, offering me a quick peek of the black G-string panties that she wore beneath it.

Now facing me and making eye contact, the satin fabric made a gentle crinkling noise as Amy reached down with both hands to smooth her skirt out. Her feeble, little attempt at being coy was humorous, but even Amy realized I knew much better than that. The bloom was off this rose long ago. Of course, I wouldn't have it any other way.

Amy was _perfect._

She then twirled one of her spiked heels upon the lush, carpeted floor, even giggling like a schoolgirl in the process. I could tell that Amy was having a great time. Not only did she enjoy dolling herself up like this for me, but Amy also knew what I had in store for her today. I was going to dominate Amy and take complete, total control of her, which was what she'd wanted all along. I'd began this process two weeks ago and was going to pick up right where I'd left off. This was, quite simply, going to be _Amy's day._

"Do you like it, Jeremy? I've never worn a sexy costume like this before." Amy was absolutely glowing, her smile golden, radiant. I'd never seen her any happier as after breakfast this morning, Pamela welcomed Amy into our relationship with open arms. It was a fucking dream come true as Amy cried and thanked Pamela (as well as Kristanna) profusely. Indeed, the future was bright as it appeared I may one day be married to all three of these incredible ladies... all at the same time.

And they'd be married to each other, as well.

Amy reached under her skirt and tugged at her black G-string. "I can't believe you told me to wear panties, Jeremy. You know I HATE wearing panties, don't you?"

"Get down on your knees," I simply told her, shifting gears, my voice uncharacteristically take-charge, harsh.

"I'm sorry, Jeremy," Amy immediately complied, lowering her gaze in a submissive manner and dutifully dropping to her knees. She momentarily placed both hands upon the floor to balance herself, then stood erect and proud, yet looked at me with worrisome eyes. "I'm sorry..."

Amy suddenly seemed so concerned at my tone of voice that I got the sense she just wanted to curl up into a ball and start sobbing. It was okay, though. This was part of the process for us. It was part of the game. I was learning what it took to be her dominant Master in life. Amy was learning what I expected out of her. This right here was part of her _training._

"Hands behind your back."

Amy breathed deeply and sighed as she followed instructions, quickly reaching behind herself with both arms and then clasping her hands together at the small of her back. Of course, this caused Amy's wondrous, D-cup breasts to jut out even more across the top of her uniform. Amy realized it too, because she arched her back, thus exaggerating her bust-line even more. Oh, how I just wanted to end the roleplay right now and ravage this tempting woman fully and completely.

I needed patience, though.

"_I'm sorry, Jeremy_ is a phrase that should, under no circumstances, be part of your regular vocabulary." Amy cringed and nodded her head in agreement as I stood up from the chair and made my way over to her. "I never want to hear that you are SORRY for anything." I put my hand on Amy's shoulder, then moved it downward and swatted her naughty ass three times in succession with sharp, biting blows. "Submissives are not supposed to be SORRY!"

"Yes, Jeremy," Amy nodded, a single tear streaking down her cheek. Her body was already trembling. I didn't act quite this strong-willed and dominant around her all that often, but Amy sure did seem to appreciate it when I did. If it was up to her, I'd be this way all the time.

But she knew I didn't have it in me.

I could see the outline of Amy's nipples as they were nice and snug upon the front of her halter-like top. If I undid just that one single, solitary button, her breasts would pop out.

Amy's green eyes went wide and she groaned as I retrieved a pair of Velcro handcuffs from the nearby hutch. Amy gasped as I latched onto her right forearm and forcefully pinned it behind her back. I slipped the Velcro restraint around her right wrist, then did the same for her left arm and wrist. With just a three inch chain between them, the straps ensured that Amy's hands and arms were literally immobilized, and would stay that way until I saw fit to release them.

"Try and break free."

Amy huffed and panted, and the muscles within her beautiful body contracted, but there was no possible way that she could sever these bonds. Still, it was highly erotic for me to watch her put up a fight and struggle. I especially enjoyed the way her breasts flopped and bounced about as she wiggled her torso from side-to-side, still trying to free herself. She even squealed out in (mock) protest.

"That's enough," I advised her, before returning to my chair and taking a seat in it. Now motionless, Amy looked at me attentively from her knees. But I just sat there.

And sat, and sat, and sat...

For a good 60 seconds - if not longer - I simply stared at Amy and silently admired her. With both hands bound behind her back, Amy's shoulders looked a bit contorted and uncomfortable. Amy soon became restless, though, as I continued to appraise her with my eyes. She shifted her weight to one knee, then the other.

"Impatient, are we?"

"No, Jeremy," Amy answered, before realizing that she'd actually just lied to me. A minor, white lie, but a lie nonetheless. "I MEAN, yes, Jeremy! Yes! Yes, I am becoming impatient." Still, the damage was done. And she knew it.

"You're awfully bratty today," were my words, which caused Amy to swallow hard and frown. "Not very appreciative either, it seems. We've talked many times about how important it is to be honest, haven't we? Looks like you leave me no choice - I'm going to have to punish you."

Amy cringed yet again, then reluctantly nodded her head.

"Turn around and bend over."

Amy spun herself in a half-circle upon her knees, then leaned forward until her shoulders and forehead reached the floor. With both hands still restrained behind her back, Amy placed the side of her face upon the carpet and looked toward me out of the corner of one eye. She was so incredibly tantalizing in that position with her uniform on.

"Ass up," I demanded, to which Amy raised her hips high into the air and thrust her backside out proudly. But, I thought she could do better. I stepped forward and smacked her thigh, insisting, "Higher! Get that ass higher!"

Once Amy had stretched herself to the max, her ass pointed skyward, I nodded my head and smiled inwardly. I took the hem of her little skirt and neatly tucked it into its waistband, thus exposing her vulnerable ass even more.

"I want you to think about using proper etiquette around me from now on while I discipline you," I said, dropping to my own knees and moving directly behind Amy's upturned ass. "In this life - this house - you don't walk on water. No one is going to bow down to you anymore and I expect you to behave a certain way. Do I make myself clear, young lady?"

"Yes, sir.

"You need to watch your mouth," I also warned her, before coming up with an idea. I moved over toward a massive trunk that was in the corner (it had the name AMY stitched out across its front), then fished out a black ball gag that had two straps attached to it, only to quickly return to her.

"This will keep you out of trouble for a while." I pressed the large ball to her mouth and forced it between her lips, as well as her teeth. Amy made a face, followed by a muffling sound, and once the gag was secure in her mouth, I wrapped the two straps around her head and fastened them tightly.

"Hmmmph..." was the only word Amy could now mutter.

"Did you ever hear stories of how, back in the day, teachers used to punish their students?"

Amy's green eyes were now bulging from their sockets as I retrieved a thick, heavy ruler and waved it about in front of her face. Clearly, Amy never once thought that I'd use something that could potentially leave a long and ever-lasting mark on her such as a wooden ruler. These things, from all accounts, were supposed to _hurt._

"It's time for some old-fashioned discipline."

Her backside positioned perfectly, I brought the ruler down hard - perhaps too hard - so Amy would know that I meant business. She screamed and cried out upon her gag, her whole body vibrating, as she rocked her face from side-to-side. I allowed the pain to simmer and cool for a bit, yet hopefully spread to all parts of her body, but soon Amy looked back at me with a wild, animalistic glint. I could tell that she wanted more. She actually wanted me to thwack her some more with the ruler. And probably much harder, too.

I offered her another forceful stroke and then found myself shocked that the first had already left a deep, indelible red mark upon her vulnerable ass.

Amy screamed again as I gave her a third. Then, I set the ruler down upon the floor and promptly clipped away the back half of her G-string with a small pair of surgical scissors. I moved my hand between her thighs and rubbed her pussy. She was already sopping wet.

More tears were streaming down her face as she glared back at me. Without warning, I brought my hand back and, with the full force of my arm, smacked it hard across her backside. There was an aura of fear and discomfort across her face, but also the lust that I was looking for. It provided me the fuel that I needed to push forward.

"I'm going to give you ten more lashes with the ruler, pet. Then we can talk about being a good girl."

Amy shook her head frantically and tried to speak through her gag, but it was no use. I pelted her nine times with the ruler in rapid, quick-fire progression as she gasped and cried in response. Her backside writhed about in sweet pain, the sensations making it rock back-and-forth in a truly lewd, wanton fashion. Her wrists strained against the unforgiving Velcro handcuffs; by the eighth stroke I had to hold her body down because her desperate movements may have pulled her away from the desired (disciplinary) position.

When I delivered the tenth (and final) horrible blow, Amy reared her head back completely and her red hair thrashed from side-to-side as she shook it as if to refuse the punishment she'd been given. Satisfied for now, I moved back and surveyed my work. Amy was quite feisty, indeed, but I knew with enough time and effort I could train her properly.

What regular, ordinary man hasn't fantasized about having his very own pleasure toy at one time or another in his life? Trust me, I had _big_ plans for Amy.

I leaned in closer and undid the two straps that held the ball gag in place. Once removed, Amy opened and closed her mouth several times, stretching her jaws and its accompanying muscles to relieve any tension and stress.

"Your panties are completely soaked," I informed her, pulling the garment from her hips with my thumb and forefinger. I took a quick whiff and found myself overjoyed with the fresh aroma of pussy juice. Next, however, I placed the panties upon the side of her face.

Amy shook her head quite violently, and the panties fell off. I picked them up and put them right back onto her face as she glared back at me with hard, unrelenting eyes.

"If you try and shake those panties off again," I warned her, "I'll give you 20 more lashes with the ruler. And you can forget about having any orgasms today." Amy's expression quickly changed, naturally, to one of fear and anxiety. She let out a miserable whimper and now looked back at me with wide, puppy-dog eyes. "Now try and act like a good girl for a change and be proud you have soiled panties on your face."

I was not a sadist. I could, in fact, never truly cause any harm to another human being - especially a woman. But this was what Amy wanted. She _wanted_ to submit to me. Amy wanted to be feel protected and cherished, but she also had the desire to be punished when it was truly necessary (and sometimes - like now - when it wasn't necessary). Receiving discipline was, in fact, quite paramount to her. It was an integral aspect for her of being submissive.

Believe me, even I didn't understand it myself...

Still, I wasn't a sadist. The amount of force that I was using to get the physical side of her punishments across was actually quite timid. On a scale of one to ten with five being normal for standard BDSM play, I was giving Amy a three, or a four, at the very most. It was difficult enough to do this as it was, but the overall driving force that kept me going was the simple fact that this was what Amy wanted. She _needed_ it. Even when she cried and complained, down deep, Amy still wanted me to discipline her. I even got the sense that she wanted me to ramp things up to a seven or an eight, although in good conscience I couldn't do that.

My ultimate goal, though, was to seize control of her mind. I didn't need to physically demolish and brutalize Amy in order to get what I wanted. Amy had been in love with me since day one and had an overwhelming amount of respect for me as well. That little, timid, submissive girl inside of her wanted me to not only love her, but also shield her from all the perils in her life. To take all her worries away. Amy wanted to feel safe and protected, and ultimately give up all control. Along with that, of course, came discipline when merited.

I placed my right hand upon her quivering backside and caressed it. Amy sighed and moaned at the raw sensation, then I began to work my fingers down between her pussy lips.

"Was there a flash-flood down here that I am unaware of?" I drove pair of fingers deep. "Did you have an orgasm while I gave you that spanking?" I jammed a third finger into her and insisted, "Answer me, pet!"

"I... I... I was masturbating while I was getting ready and... and putting the French maid uniform on... for you."

"Did I give you permission to masturbate?"

Amy mashed her eyelids together and cringed, "No Jeremy, you... no, you did not."

"What am I going to do with you?" I sighed, shaking my head, as I pelted her backside twice with heavy-handed blows. The force from the second one caused Amy to involuntary jerk her head, which made the panties slip from her face and drop harmlessly to the floor. She then hemmed and hawed in utter desperation, now fearful that I was going to give her 20 additional whacks with the ruler.

And deny her any orgasms for the rest of the day.

"Do I really need to up your training, so to speak, and bring it to a whole other level? You've been very disobedient today, Amy. What's worse, you've been very reckless. Since when were you given the right of having free will?" Oh, the roleplaying game was in full force now. I'd never spoken this way to another woman and certainly didn't look at myself as being some sort of superior figure. It was all a game that she desperately wanted to play. "Since when do you have the right to even remotely touch yourself, let alone masturbate, without asking me first?" I slapped her ass three times in quick, stinging succession, then quietly proclaimed, "I believe I need to do something to correct your behavior."

"Please, Jeremy!" Amy begged, tears literally in her voice. "Please! I'll be better for you! I... I want to obey you and make you happy. I... just please... don't p-punish me again. Please, Jeremy... oh God, please!"

I picked up her soiled panties from the floor. "I am sorry, Amy, but you deserve to be punished... and you WILL be punished." Before she could respond, I stuffed the panties into her mouth, thus making an impromptu gag out of them. Amy coughed and momentarily choked on the soft lace.

Despite her sobs, Amy wanted the discipline. She _needed_ it. She _craved_ it. As a veteran submissive, the 31-year-old knew that not only would the forthcoming discipline be warranted, but that she actually deserved it.

I moved back to the chair and took a seat there, only to then pat my thigh. "Over my lap, Amy. Now."

Those panties still stuffed in her mouth, Amy managed to make it to her feet without use of her hands. One of her fishnet stockings, which went so well with the French maid outfit, now had a massive hole near her right knee. It had somehow gotten ripped during her prior ordeal. Frazzled, Amy came over to me and slowly but surely spread herself out across my trusting, protective lap.

"That's a good girl. You know where you belong."

I watched with admiration as her long-flowing red hair cascaded down around her face as she hung her head low while at the same time, her backside, still raw and simmering from the ruler, was offered up to me. That ass of hers looked so prim and proper as it jiggled for my lecherous eyes.

"Do you understand why I'm going to punish you?"

Unable to speak, Amy made a pathetic sound and nodded her head in response. Even as I placed a tender, reassuring hand upon her backside, Amy flinched anyway. She reacted as if a gunshot had gone off. The keys to her mind, it seemed, were right there for the taking.

"You're lucky I don't give you the 20 lashes with the ruler and forbid you from having any orgasms for the rest of the day. Hmmmmm... I may just do that anyway." I reached into the trunk and fished out a hardwood paddle. Amy winced and moaned, her eyes looking back and fixated upon the paddle, as I grabbed a clump of her hair and rearranged it so it fell down the side of her neck.

Over the span of the next ten seconds, I rocked her ass with the paddle five times. Each blow landed in a different spot; none were too harsh, but Amy was gently sobbing at the end of it regardless. Not surprisingly, I sensed a bit of moisture on one of my trouser legs. It was pussy juice.

"You may spit the panties out of your mouth."

"Oh my God!" Amy whined after the panties, slick with her saliva, fell to the floor. "Oh God..."
