 CHAPTER 37. "SPORTSGIRL"

"Wait! You forgot the cilantro!" Pamela was in a sudden panic as she pushed away from her stool here in the kitchen and rushed over to the stove.

"I most certainly did not." Kristanna shook her blonde head back-and-forth with amusement dancing in her pretty blue eyes as she watched Pamela fret over their shared dinner creation. "It was my job to cut up the bell peppers, chop the onions and cloves, and I made sure cilantro was added to the saucepan with everything else. I know how much you love your cilantro. Trust me, Pammy. It's in there."

"You sure?"

Kristanna sighed and grinned, then went over to Pamela and promptly wrapped both arms around her from behind and squeezed tightly.

"Hey! Stop it!" Pamela laughed with glee as her sneaker-clad feet were lifted off the kitchen floor. Kristanna was a good five inches taller than Pamela and could pick her up with relative ease thanks to all those years of athletics and fitness. Kristanna effortlessly swept Pamela up and into her arms, cradling her. "Stop carrying me around like a little baby!"

"I thought you said you liked it when I carried you." Of course, Kristanna couldn't stop smiling now because she loved picking Pamela up and parading her about. She'd been doing it a lot since our three-way romance became official early in the week. "You like being my baby? You ARE my baby, sweetheart!" Pamela looked good in her arms too, and when she got feisty - like now, eyes wide and feigning displeasure - Pamela was absolutely, positively adorable.

"I was kidding!" she snapped.

"No, you weren't. When you're kidding, the side of your mouth pulses and twitches, like you're suppressing a smile."

"God, really? How are you so observant?"

Kristanna shrugged. "It's a gift."

"Aren't I too heavy for you? Put me down!"

"You're not too heavy. You're too damn sexy." Kristanna set Pamela atop the kitchen counter, perhaps because it was closer than the stool she'd just left. Kristanna then took a step back, but Pamela grabbed the lower half of her halter-top and yanked her close again. Those sultry, inquisitive eyes immediately drifted toward Pamela's mouth and lingered there for quite some time before meeting her gaze again.

Pamela then positioned Kristanna between her knees.

"I think we should probably kiss or something." Her voice carried sincerity and I found both ladies incredibly attractive in this moment. Pamela's eyes dipped toward Kristanna's mouth, returning the favor, and I felt the familiar reaction that seeing these two together like this often set in motion within me. Pure and total arousal.

Pamela nodded her head for added emphasis. "We should definitely kiss."

Kristanna moved in slowly. "Yeah? Jeremy damn near annihilates Lindsay and Amy in a threesome a few hours ago, yet you think you and I should be the ones to kiss? Is that a new rule? A new standard, perhaps?"

"We can't let him have all the fun." Without any further hesitation, Pamela descended on Kristanna's mouth. As I stood there and watched, a rustling happening within my trousers, it was apparent that they shared a pretty awesome kiss. Kristanna sank into the exchange and moved even closer, her hands running up the back of Pamela's neck and into her thick, luxurious hair. Pamela's own hands held Kristanna's shoulders and gently massaged them as the wonderful, glorious kissing continued.

Before the spark between them became an inferno right here in the kitchen, with dinner moments away and some of the other ladies perhaps already in the adjacent dining room, Kristanna made a point to slow their kiss before pulling away completely. They had one hell of a good make-out session, brief as it was, and Kristanna was breathless as a result.

She turned in Pamela's arms and nestled back into her, facing me and smiling leisurely. Pamela coiled both arms and held Kristanna snugly from behind.

"So we have the rest of our lives to steal little moments like this. All three of us."

"Four... gotta count Amy," I corrected Kristanna.

"Well, yeah. I suppose four is more like it."

Pamela placed a kiss just beneath Kristanna's earlobe, causing her to shudder with rapture for the briefest instant. "I have many ideas we could test out tonight, Krissy." Pamela's hand slid downward, over and across Kristanna's perfect, little ass. Oh, that ass was the thing that dreams were made of.

Kristanna covered Pamela's arms with hers and hugged them to her, then glanced back over her shoulder. "I'm almost afraid to ask, but do we HAVE to have dinner tonight? Can't we just let the others finish up here, maybe grab some snacks of their own on the side if need be, then you and I go to bed ourselves, Pammy, and play? I much prefer that. God, I'm feeling so frisky tonight."

"We offered to fix everyone a good dinner, Krissy, and give Amy the night off after all the things Jeremy did to her earlier. Louisa isn't feeling well either and is upstairs resting in her room. We must deliver on our culinary promises."

The wind fell from Kristanna's sails a bit. It wasn't the best of news, but Pamela was right.

She reached down and hooked a finger into Kristanna's yoga pants, then her eyes locked with mine and Pamela offered the kindest, most heartwarming smile. "Jeremy, will you be a dear and check on dinner for us? We're having too good of a moment here to be interrupted, you know." These two incredible ladies collaborated as one tonight and came up with a pasta dish mixed with roasted peppers, plus grilled asparagus and mushroom toast on the side. A true, vegan-style feast that Kristanna was trying to get all of us to eat a lot more of lately. "It should be ready any moment," she added.

I grumbled to myself but nodded my head and went over to the stove to check on the pasta. It was almost done. Too bad I'd passed on joining Pamela and Kristanna in bed later tonight for what promised to be all-out fireworks, huh? I'd blown myself out earlier with Lindsay and Amy during that monumental threesome and thought it may be best to take the rest of the day and night off from any further sexual activity. I was just one man, after all, with a fragile back. Not an army.

Besides, I still felt pretty beat up from earlier.

"I know you want to kiss me again, Krissy," Pamela said softly, twirling several strands of her long, shimmering blonde hair around an extended fingertip. Smiling and playing with them quite innocently, teasing as only she could. "Krissyyyyy..." Pamela pressed her lips to the back of Kristanna's neck and it seemed as if heat spread like blazing wildfire throughout her body.

The timer on the oven went off and Kristanna let out a deep, frustrated sigh. She reluctantly broke away from Pamela and made her way over toward me, specifically the stove, and eyed the pasta herself. The 23-year-old trusted her own judgment much more than she did mine when it came to preparing food (and rightfully so, I must add).

"You're no fun, Krissy." There was malice in Pamela's dark, chocolate-brown eyes as she stared a hole through Kristanna, yet also a playful smirk across her face. She seemed put-off, but it was all an act. "Walking away from me like that! Looks like someone is going to get a spanking tonight, hmmmmm?"

Kristanna glanced back and scrunched her face at Pamela, but then turned and focused on dinner once again. She dipped the stirring spoon into the saucepan and took a small taste test, clearly approved, then swirled the noodles in the pot some more. Unable to resist, I leaned in and stole a quick kiss from her. Kristanna's eyes darted toward mine and she flashed a happy, cheerful smile.

"If anyone's getting a spanking tonight," Kristanna said to Pamela, though she had her back turned to her, "it's going to be you. Not me. I'm clearly the top in our relationship, Pammy pants, and you're the bottom." Kristanna giggled at her own words as she then focused on me. "Speaking of that... WOW, JEREMY. Pammy and I re-watched your little bondage session with Lindsay and Amy about an hour ago and..."

Kristanna didn't get to finish her sentence because Pamela hopped down from the kitchen counter and kissed her. She wrapped a possessive arm around Kristanna's waistline, held her in place and kissed her expertly, authoritatively, and had Kristanna's libido surging out of control. There was no teasing, no buildup to it. Pamela caught her mouth and instantly Kristanna seemed to realize she'd better step up to the plate, else she was about to get owned. Their lips moved in a luscious tangle and Kristanna, of course, gave back everything she was given, pushing her tongue into Pamela's mouth, tasting her.

Yet this time, it was Pamela who broke off the kiss. She then stepped away and offered a mischievous smile. "See, Krissy? I TOLD you that you wanted to kiss me again. I knew it. Why wouldn't you listen to me?"

"Let me get my sunglasses. The lovers' glow is blinding."

"Shut up." Pamela reached out and gave my side a playful shove. "Oh, and Krissy, baby? My name is NOT Pammy." I chuckled as she implored, "It's Pamela. Get. It. Right!"

I covered my eyes, teasing them, and exited the kitchen. I made my way into the adjacent dining room and came across Amy, who was patiently waiting for dinner to be served at the table. I exchanged friendly greetings with her yet at the same time, Lindsay padded into the room from the opposite entrance, quite groggy, my #18 Cincinnati Bengals' jersey dwarfing her slender figure. My eyes trailed down Lindsay's body to the taut peaks poking out against her - my - football jersey. She curled her toes and trapped her lower lip between clenched teeth, seeming to ogle me as I did the same to her.

My initial reaction was to open both arms. Lindsay came to me willingly, just as she had hours ago when I'd dominated her and Amy during that BDSM coupling. It ended after we all took a triple shower and I allowed the two ladies to snuggle up alongside me in bed and we drifted off, napped together.

"Hmmmmm," Lindsay purred against my chest in the current moment. "I was scared for a minute when I woke up alone, thinking everything that happened between us earlier may have just been a dream. Then I realized that my ass still feels all hot and burning from what you did to it, Jeremy!"

Amy giggled. "You sore too, baby?"

"Very," Lindsay responded, as I cradled her face and touched my lips to hers. "But my God, it's the best type of sore there is." Why did I have the urge to hold this little princess in my arms forever? She was leaving us come Monday. "Dare I say it, but I've never been fucked so hard, so furiously, before. It was so freakin' awesome."

"Sorry for waking up and leaving you alone in bed," Amy then said to her. "Jeremy was already gone and if I stayed in bed with you any longer, honey, no part of you would've been safe. I would've taken you every which way I could."

"Oh, that's okay, baby. It's probably best for both of us that you didn't. I could barely move after I woke up anyway!"

Amy frowned. "And Jeremy doesn't want me to be aggressive, the instigator, during sex again. He doesn't think it's healthy for me or my psyche. You know what? He's right."

"I kind of like you playing the submissive." Lindsay grinned and tilted her head back-and-forth at Amy several times in succession, obviously happy with what transpired earlier. "Especially if I get to submit right alongside you!"

I did my best to resist, but Lindsay was just too much temptation. I kissed her neck, breathing in Lindsay's truly intoxicating scent after just getting out of bed. Perhaps my new favorite smell. And I didn't stop, couldn't stop, there. I continued kissing and nipping at her warm, delicate skin. She pressed her hands to my chest, teasing her fingers over my pectorals, instantly nabbing my attention. Her tongue swept over my collarbone and I closed my eyes, reveling in the sensations as she played my body like a fiddle.

I pulled Lindsay forward, my hands lifting the lower portion of the black football jersey and then sliding over a silky G-string at the same moment she sucked hard on my neck. "Jesus Christ, Lindsay. A THONG? Since when do you wear any thongs?" Seriously, I'd never seen her in one.

"Since I bought some to wear for you when we were in Lima the other day, shopping at the mall." She giggled sweetly. "I want to give you a fashion show before going home, too."

In a fit of passion, I grabbed Lindsay's hair and yanked her mouth away from my neck, then took her in a deep, penetrating kiss. That mouth was MADE for kissing (among other things); it was hot, wet, welcoming, and oh so tender. My control began to quickly deteriorate with every long, sweeping stroke of her tongue.

"I forgot to tell you, Jeremy," Pamela said, stepping into the dining room and thus, all but ending my kiss with Lindsay. Caught red-handed with my hand in the proverbial cookie jar, Pamela scrunched her face and laughed at me in response. Undaunted, she then reeled Lindsay to her and the two shared a deep, open-mouthed kiss of their own, Pamela effectively telling me that she could play this game, too.

Man, how Pamela has changed in such a short amount of time! Not only had she allowed Kristanna and Amy into our private lives after weeks of vehemently dismissing the idea, but Pamela wasn't afraid to take hold of Lindsay and kiss her like she owned her, was her piece of property.

A hot, little piece of ass, that is.

"As I was saying," Pamela then spoke, her gaze focusing on me as a beleaguered Lindsay stumbled over to Amy and hugged her, "I forgot to tell you that I was doing a lot of research this afternoon on the computer, reading all about Norway; its culture, its people, its history, what's it's like to live there. I told Krissy that I'm more than open to the idea of us ultimately moving there if everyone can agree on it."

I smiled at the prospects as my body drifted downward from the euphoric high of kissing Lindsay (and knowing she had a tiny G-string on underneath that football jersey).

"I know Krissy really wants us to move to Norway since she was born there and loves it there so much," Pamela added. "I didn't tell her YES, but said I'm definitely open to the idea. I still prefer Maryland, of course - my home - but I'm willing to listen, be flexible, have an open mind. Healthy relationships are chockfull of sacrifices and compromises. I also think we need to consider YOUR original home too, Jeremy. Ohio, even though you insist we shouldn't."

"Maybe we can go to Norway for an extended vacation in a week or two?" Amy suggested timidly, clearly not wanting to step out of bounds with her words, both arms wrapped around Lindsay as the 18-year-old now sat firmly across her lap. "You know, get a feel for the place, see if we like it there?"

Pamela smiled. "That's a great idea, Amy. I know Krissy is dying to see her family again. What do you think, Jeremy?"

"I'm all for it." I've heard so much about Norway over the past four years and would love to finally visit there myself. "We can talk about it later tonight, at bedtime." That is, if Pamela and Kristanna don't wear each other out first.

"The food is ready! Everyone, the food is ready!" Kristanna burst into the dining room carrying a huge buffet dish of pasta with Trish in close tow behind her, holding a tray of drinks. "Take whatever you want, there's plenty to go around."

At just the mere sight of Trish, Lindsay bolted from Amy's lap and smoothed the edges of her football jersey down, clearly wanting to be certain that her little G-string wasn't visible. I frowned inwardly, knowing how uncomfortable Lindsay felt around Trish (and vice-versa) due to their past.

Devon and Camille leaving the island the way they did obviously left a black mark on these six weeks as a whole, but neither situation compared to how Trish and Lindsay's romance suddenly fell apart nearly a month ago. If I could change one thing - _one thing at all_ - about these six weeks, it'd be that Trish and Lindsay would have their own happily-ever-after, perhaps even as a married couple themselves, whether it be in Cincinnati or Toronto. To me, these two ladies still belonged together.

It was criminal that Trish cared about Lindsay so much, yet couldn't even really talk to her anymore. Downright criminal.

Yet I understood Lindsay's viewpoint, her trepidation. She was so incredibly young and not ready for a commitment yet. The girl had still been a virgin until just a mere five weeks ago.

Trish, on the other hand?

It wouldn't surprise me if Trish spent the rest of her life in agony, fretting over _what could've been_ with Lindsay and where it all went wrong. What could she have done differently to salvage their relationship and ultimately make it work? No doubt, Trish was still in love with Lindsay - all I had to do was look at the way her eyes were trained on her now - and that would never change. Trish would _always_ love Lindsay.

Too bad the feeling would never be mutual.

Dinner, like always, was outstanding. Amazing. Delicious. I devoured my plate of pasta and roasted peppers, with extra helpings of grilled asparagus and mushroom toast on the side. I even had seconds. While I wasn't quite ready to fully embrace the vegan lifestyle like Kristanna wanted me (and everyone else here) to, there was no denying its many benefits. A full vegan diet could help shed some excess pounds and lead to greater energy levels, and was very, very healthy.

Best of all, Kristanna claimed, there was no better way to help innocent, defenseless animals and prevent their undo suffering than by choosing plant-based foods over meat, poultry and dairy products. According to Kristanna, every vegan saves about 200 animals per year.

And as should be apparent by now, helping animals was Kristanna's one, true passion in life.

* * *

One of my true passions (aside from beautiful women) has always been the game of baseball. Even now, at the age of 39, the romance is still going quite strong. Playing, watching, listening and/or reading about baseball has been an integral part of my daily routine since I was a small child. I still remember relishing every opportunity I had to play catch with my big brother, Dan, when I was a youngster, or riding my bicycle to the local neighborhood park to play a couple of disjointed innings with a group of friends.

I also vividly remember the first professional baseball game that I went to. July 16, 1990 was the date, and my hometown team, the Cincinnati Reds, played host to the Montreal Expos. I recall looking up at the old, dilapidated structure once known as Riverfront Stadium as I went through the turnstile for the very first time and thinking that it was a palace. A magical, mystical palace which, up until that point in my young and impressionable life, I'd only seen on television.

A cool, little tidbit about that particular game, other than the fact Cincinnati ultimately won the World Series later in the year, was that my childhood hero, center fielder Eric Davis, hit a grand slam to all but seal victory for the Reds over the Expos. I have the exact date of the game forever etched in my memory because both the scorecard and game program are on display in the curio case in my bedroom.

The wonder of the sport - baseball - still gets to me today. Even in the days of November, December, January and February - commonly referred to as major league baseball's hot stove league - I check the Internet quite frequently to stay up to date on what new development has occurred in the sport, who has been signed, who has been traded.

As I became an adult and eventually accumulated my personal wealth, I was able to visit and tour several other major league baseball venues as well. Each ballpark is special and unique, and held its own charm. Having lived in Southern California, I'd been to Dodger Stadium and Angel Stadium of Anaheim countless times. I'd visited AT&T Park in San Francisco and Petco Park in San Diego, too... not to mention, of course, Great American Ballpark in Cincinnati.
