 CHAPTER 38. "GODSPEED"

"There's no reason to believe the feelings you have may magically go away one day. Not gonna happen," I said to Trish, who was seated beside me upon the bed in the big luxury suite. It was Friday morning and the weather outside was perfect, just ideal. Not a cloud in the sky, nothing but blue for as far as the eye could see. "You love Lindsay way too much for those feelings to ever truly go away. I know it and everyone else here knows it too, including Lindsay herself."

"You'll always be in love with Lindsay," Pamela murmured, reaching out and placing a sympathetic hand across Trish's kneecap. Next to her, Kristanna frowned as Pamela added, "Even though she's going home in three days and you'll most likely never see her again, you'll always be in love with Lindsay. That's never going to change. Jeremy is right. You'll be looking Lindsay up on Instagram and Facebook for years to come, trying to get any possible information you can on her. You won't be able to help yourself."

Yep. Been there, done that (my ex-fiancée, Victoria).

Trish shrugged her shoulders in listless defeat. It wasn't like she didn't already know this going to be her fate. Sometimes love and the hand it deals to you just flat-out _sucks._ "No, I cannot deny it. I... I still wish I could be with her."

"But you can't." I couldn't stress that point enough. "I know these past few weeks have been really difficult for you, but there's a light at the end of the tunnel. As Pamela said, Lindsay is going home on Monday. She'll be gone forever. You may never forget Lindsay, but at least you won't have to put up with looking at her and being around her every single day like you do now. I know that's been a major challenge for you."

"You can say that again."

"I'm glad you decided to stick around and hang out with the four of us, see where it leads." Kristanna squeezed Trish's hand and grinned softly. "Pamela, Amy and I are going to show you so much love and affection over the upcoming days, weeks and months. We're going to make you forget about Lindsay altogether." Kristanna smiled brightly. "Then there's Jeremy. He'll show you plenty of love and affection too, and make you feel like the most important girl in the world like he does for all of us. You're never going to want to leave!"

Pamela slowly nodded her head in agreement. "Look at what he's done for Amy. She's been on cloud nine recently... especially the past few days. Never seen her any happier. There's no wiping that constant smile off her face."

"I think about Lindsay every minute of every day!" Trish wasn't in the mood for any sort of optimism right now. "I can't deny it anymore! I... I can't stop loving her. I lay awake in bed at night, and I... I... I fantasize about Lindsay. _Constantly._ I think about coming home to that beautiful, pretty face every day from work and waking up next to her in morning!"

"She'll never stop loving Lindsay," Pamela reiterated, looking at Kristanna. "It's impossible."

Exasperated, I frowned. "You girls want me to spend time and focus all of my energy onto Lindsay during her last few days here." It made sense, considering Lindsay would be gone in less than 72 hours and she and I had gotten along so beautifully as of late. I admit, I'd fallen in love with the girl this week - hard - and wanted to spend as much quality time as I could with her before she left the island for good on Monday morning. I was going to miss Lindsay, no doubt, but knew I had to cut her loose, let her go.

There was no other way.

But if I focused all my attention onto Lindsay until she left, would it be conducive to what really mattered - the relationships I had here at home - with the people who actually wanted to stay and perhaps build a life with me?

"Really, I don't think I should spend this entire three-day weekend with Lindsay like you girls want me to. It wouldn't be fair to Trish for me to be out doing things and having fun with Lindsay on the island. Trish is part of our future now, I hope, and I'm afraid it would upset her."

"I WANT you to spend this time with Lindsay." Trish had only told me that about a thousand times this morning. Hey, I can't help it that my head was literally made of rocks. "I know that you and Lindsay care about each other very, very much, Jeremy. It would be wrong to deny you these final three days with her. It would be wrong to do it to her, too. I know that Lindsay is looking forward to being with you a lot over the next couple of days. She was going on and on about it at the dinner table last night when Pamela suggested you two spend the whole weekend together because she's leaving us."

Kristanna patted my arm. "Pamela, Amy and I will keep Trish occupied, and happy, until Monday morning."

"You have to be with Lindsay." Pamela had been quite adamant about this since last evening. Again, I couldn't believe her sudden change on the topic of polyamory - sharing - and how she'd seemed to embrace the controversial lifestyle over the past week or so. Pamela even gave the go-ahead for Amy and Trish to join our ever-growing relationship. Perhaps Camille and then Devon leaving the island really was the turning point for Pamela and her view on things. "Lindsay is your baby girl, Jeremy, and you are like a father figure to her. You have such a special relationship with her. Don't you see how she looks up to you, and admires you?" Listen to Pamela go. "It would totally crush Lindsay if you, all of a sudden, decided you didn't want to spend these final three days with her. Just crush her completely. I don't want that."

"None of us do," Kristanna agreed.

"It may crush Trish if I'm with Lindsay," was my obvious rebuttal. And an easy one. "Lindsay is leaving. Trish is staying. My priority lies with Trish."

"I WANT you to be with her," the Canadian told me one more time. "I'll be fine, Jeremy. Believe that." Trish reached out on either side of her and clasped hands with both Pamela and Kristanna. "I have a good support group. I have great friends. You go and have your fun with Lindsay. You and her deserve it. I'm not going to be jealous or go all mental about it. Have I yet in all the time you've spent with her?"

"We've talked about this, Jeremy," Kristanna offered. "You have three days left with Lindsay. You have the whole, rest of your life with us. Before we enter _lockdown mode_ in terms of our relationship, please enjoy these final three days with Lindsay. Enjoy the freedom we're giving you."

"Not many guys would hesitate at the chance to be with a girl like Lindsay, ESPECIALLY when their fiancée is actually encouraging them to do so. Krissy is right, Jeremy. Go and have your fun with Lindsay. We don't mind."

"You're his fiancée too," Kristanna told Pamela.

"Not yet I'm not."

"Oh yes you are. And you're marrying him before I do."

"Lindsay is expecting you to be with her, Jeremy." Trish really seemed okay with it, which was quite surprising to me. "I know you have some big plans for her this weekend. Just go. I'll be fine. I promise you. Go now."

"Very well." Finally, they'd talked me into it. It only took three hours. "But if you have any problems with anything, Trish, I want you to let me know."

"I'm not going to have any problems because I plan on avoiding Lindsay as best I can for the next three days. So I doubt I'll even see much of you for a while, but that'll be okay."

"We'll keep Trish busy," Kristanna repeated, nodding her head for added emphasis. I'd at least see Trish at the breakfast and dinner table each day, right? "Busy and happy."

"And then come Monday," Pamela said, looking at me, "once Lindsay is gone, I say you and Trish go out, spend the whole day together. Do something fun and exciting."

"Scuba diving!" Kristanna suggested, full of zest.

"Do you have any idea where Lindsay is now?"

"Where she always is - her usual spot," Pamela informed me. "The recreation room. The girl loves getting on X-Box and PlayStation. I never got into gaming myself."

"I love playing video games too! And finally, I find a girl who loves them just as much as I do... and look what happens." Trish pouted, showcasing yet another reason for her to pine over _what could've been_ with Lindsay...

During their first two weeks on the island, I was under the impression that Patricia Sinclair and Lindsay Anastacio would eventually leave here as a loving couple and most assuredly live happily ever after. It seemed written in stone but, unfortunately, I'd soon learn that wasn't to be the case.

From the very first day - even on the long boat ride from the mainland to the island - Trish took a serious liking to Lindsay. Feeling very nauseated and exhausted from her 3,500 mile airline flight from Cincinnati to Lima (to put that into perspective, from Cincinnati to Los Angeles it is less than 2,000 miles), Lindsay was able to fall asleep on the boat (which was another four hour trip by itself), but only when she had Trish's shoulder as her own private pillow. That image - the sweet, indelible 18-year-old being held and comforted by her older and caring counterpart as she slept on the boat - will forever be etched in my memory.

Once we finally reached landfall, Lindsay confessed to Trish during the introductory dinner celebration that she was still a virgin. Later that same evening, while in their guest suite, Lindsay conveyed many of her fears to Trish about the island and what may in store for her. Being so young and shy, and naive about everything, Lindsay felt horribly out of place on the island. She was intimidated by all the older, more experienced women who were suddenly her new house-mates, but quite frankly she probably had the greatest trepidation and anxiety about me. Who exactly is this man and what does he plan to do with me? With us? Trish was there to comfort her that night and lend a sympathetic ear.

By this point, Amy and Camille were already hot on the trail of the untouched virgin. They wanted to get their hands on Lindsay in the worst way possible, but Trish warded them off at every opportunity. Trish became Lindsay's own protector, so to speak, basically shadowing her every step and adopting sort of a _big sister_ mentality. It was obvious that Trish was already head over heels in love with Lindsay, too.

Their relationship reached perhaps its zenith when, during their fourth day here, Lindsay decided to surrender her virginity to Trish (as well as yours truly) in a memorable threesome. The way those two hugged and kissed each other that night had me totally convinced. They were meant to be together. There was such great chemistry between them.

But a funny thing happened on the way to eternal bliss. Amy altered her approach somewhat and suddenly became friends with Lindsay. I didn't realize it then, but as I look back now, I wonder how I could've missed it. Trish was in love with Lindsay, but the feeling wasn't mutual. Lindsay wanted to keep her distance; any mention or hint at commitment (even from me) seemed to turn her off - sour her - immediately.

This became crystal-clear the first time Trish professed her undying love for Lindsay and suggested she move with her to Canada. Lindsay declined, claiming she loved her family and didn't want to live apart from them, so Trish promptly offered to relocate to Cincinnati with her instead. Lindsay didn't answer, but this was, quite frankly, the beginning of the end of their relationship. Lindsay had no plans whatsoever of settling down at such a young age. The concept was completely foreign to her. She had a whole lot of living to do before even thinking about such a major commitment.

Lindsay began to spend more time with Amy. Once Amy introduced her to BDSM - which was what she wanted to do all along, remember - Lindsay literally had no time for Trish anymore. She wanted to be with Amy now and explore her naughty side. Amy was fresh and exciting, fun, and didn't dwell on commitment and what possibilities the future held.

This hurt Trish incredibly and caused her to become super possessive and clingy.

Lindsay came to me one evening and literally begged to stay in my personal suite not because she wanted to have sex, but rather it'd provide a safe haven. Trish, she insinuated, was stalking her and wouldn't leave her alone.

I stressed to Lindsay that she needed to put her foot down and inform Trish that she wasn't interested in a relationship with her beyond the island. Inexplicably, she hadn't done that yet. I got the idea that Lindsay thought of Trish as a close friend and cared a great deal about her, but she was afraid to shoot her down and essentially break her heart.

When Trish came to my room looking for Lindsay moments later, they went off together and, after a brief but emotional discussion, their relationship was officially over.

Since that time - over three weeks ago - Trish had been dealing with the specter of Lindsay and their failed union looming over her at every turn. Did I even realize just how insanely difficult the past several weeks had been for Trish?

Not only did she have to eat breakfast and dinner each and every day with the absolute love of her life and see her at various points throughout the day in barely any attire (which was the adopted dress code here), but Trish got to witness everyone else on the island take their turns using Lindsay as a teen-age squeeze toy (myself included). Yet Trish, the one who loved and cared for Lindsay more than anyone else, wasn't even allowed to even lay a finger on her.

Fast-forward to last evening when Trish again put her heart on the line and asked if she could ultimately stay with us as a close friend and maybe enter into a long-term relationship with Pamela, Kristanna and myself. And Amy.

Again, I clearly had my doubts. I just didn't see how she was going to transition her feelings from Lindsay to us. Then again, perhaps I'm wrong. I can only hope and pray that last evening will be Trish's own turning point in life, the moment that springboarded her to perpetual happiness.

Trish's only caveat about staying here, though, was that Lindsay had to go. Trish wasn't going to devote herself to us if Lindsay was going to be a long-term fixture here as well. Her life couldn't continue on like it had for the past three weeks. Trish seemed close to the breaking point already.

There was never the possibility of Lindsay staying, though, because she was adamant in not wanting to be part of any committed relationship at this point in her life. Lindsay desperately wanted to go home and return to her family - her mom, her three sisters - at the end of these six weeks.

She'd get her wish three days from now.

* * *

After my discussion with Pamela, Kristanna and Trish - where they finally convinced me to spend the majority of the next few days with Lindsay - I made the long trek down to the recreation room to find her. I wanted to ask Lindsay if she felt like going out and doing something together with me on the island. The door there was wide open, but I froze and stopped dead in my tracks at what I saw before stepping inside.

As Pamela predicted, Lindsay was indeed in the recreation room. But she wasn't playing video games.

I watched with fascinated eyes as Lindsay and Amy were lying side-by-side upon the floor, simply embracing and kissing each other at a very slow, leisurely pace. Both ladies were fully clothed; Lindsay wore a t-shirt and a pair of pink cotton shorts, while Amy had on a halter top and a mini-skirt. Neither seemed to be in any rush to rid the other of their attire, either. In fact, I got the sense that Lindsay and Amy were content to just lounge here on the floor and tenderly hug and kiss each other for hours on end.

An erection began to form within my shorts as when the two ladies broke their current kiss, they made eye contact and giggled in unison, then bumped noses, only to bring their lips together for another savory exchange. _Holy hell._ They were kissing and caressing each other like two naive schoolgirls on the floor in a bedroom with unknowing (and uptight) parents just a couple of doors down the hall.

"I'm going to miss you so much," Amy murmured to Lindsay, before kissing her yet again.

When I leaned against the doorway and it made a noise, Lindsay's eyes drifted upward and she caught sight of me. She quickly sat up and Amy did the same. Grinning, Lindsay wiped her lips with a single finger and greeted, "Hi Jeremy!"

"Mornin', girls."

Amy's smile was especially wide for me. "Hi there, Master."

I chuckled at Amy's choice of words. One day, she'd call me the best title of all, _husband._ "What's going on here?"

Lindsay blushed. "Amy and I have just been enjoying each other for the past 20 minutes."

"Yet your clothes are still on?" I raised a curious eyebrow. "That doesn't add up in the slightest."

"We just wanted to kiss," Amy explained. "It's nice and peaceful, very relaxing."

I stifled a laugh. "You just wanted to kiss? This from the girl who begged me to dominate her yesterday afternoon?"

Amy licked her lips, then shrugged her shoulders and offered a coy expression. "I... I don't know. It's just been very nice. Very, very nice. Kissing Lindsay, that is." Amy giggled merrily. "Plus, my ass still feels like it's baking over hot coals after what you did to it yesterday!"

"So does mine," Lindsay admitted, grinning shyly.

Ahhhhh, things made more sense now. "Just relaxing today then, I see? Being tender and loving?" A far cry from that intense threesome we shared yesterday, huh?

Lindsay was beaming now. "Would you like to join us?"

"I think I'll pass." They both seem surprised. "You two can continue with what you were doing."

"Why did you come down here, then?" Amy inquired. "You must've had a reason?"

"I wanted to ask Lindsay if she felt like going out with me on a _date_," I answered, which caused the blonde's eyes to go wide. "But it can wait until later. You two have your fun."

"No," Amy insisted, shaking her head. "No, no, no way. Lindsay was just saying a little while ago that she hoped you'd do something fun with her. A date sounds perfect!" Amy grabbed Lindsay's arm and pointed at me. "Go with him, honey. You don't have much time left. Please... go. You and I can pick up where we left off sometime this weekend."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes." Amy seemed full of eager enthusiasm. "Go. You need to be with Jeremy." She seemed to be issuing the same vibes I received from Pamela and Kristanna earlier.

"The others won't mind?"

"Not at all," Amy told her. "We've already spoken about this. We want you and Jeremy to spend a lot of time with each other before you get on that helicopter Monday morning. We spoke about it at length last night."

I chuckled again. "And this morning, too... trust me."

Lindsay turned her attention toward me. She seemed intrigued. "A date, huh? Where will we go?"

"I don't know." I shrugged my shoulders, my voice playful, nonchalant. "I'm an old man, sweetheart, and I'm totally out of the loop. I don't know where the 18-year-old girls go on their dates nowadays. Perhaps you should pick for us."

Amy chortled. "You're not old, Jeremy! 39 is NOT old!"

"Oh yes, it is," Lindsay snapped back, but with a playful grin. "As I always say, Jeremy is hardcore ancient!"

* * *

With a sparkling sea of aquamarine as our backdrop and the endless surf washing up around our feet, I was holding Lindsay's hand as the two of us went for a stroll along the sun-splashed crescent sands of the northwestern beach. She looked radiant and blissfully happy as I'd stressed these next three days were all about her. I was going to treat Lindsay like the Queen of the kingdom and spoil her rotten. She and I were enjoying ourselves and the astonishing views along the beach with simple, small talk, and a lot of long pauses in-between.
