 CHAPTER 39. "FAMILY"

After a sudden (and unexpected) change of plans concerning our extended vacation and its itinerary, the date was Sunday, August 12, 2018 and I found myself seated in the relaxing galley lounge area of our private family aircraft, an Airbus A319 corporate jetliner, as it flew at an altitude of 41,000 feet somewhere over the Atlantic Ocean.

To my immediate left was my freshly-minted fiancée, Pamela Prescott, who I'd be marrying just two days before the Christmas holiday later in the year. Her head was comfortably resting upon my shoulder, her mouth slightly ajar, as she caught a well-deserved nap. At the outset of the flight - our final one for a while as we'd visited Cincinnati, Toronto and then Baltimore over the previous three weeks - Pamela immediately claimed the spot here next to me upon the sofa and flat-out refused to give it up ever since.

While she was awake, I'd spent most of my time watching Pamela stare at her engagement ring and, like clockwork, then glance at me with disbelief in her dazzling brown eyes. Pamela still couldn't believe that I'd popped the question in her favorite spot, the ridge overlooking Loch Raven Reservoir in Windemere, Maryland. Now, agreeing to become my bride there could rank alongside all the many other treasured memories she'd collected on that scenic hill over the years.

Off to the right, Kristanna Grimsmo (my other fiancée) and Amy Zeitler were occupying themselves with idle chatter in side-by-side reclining chairs as they discussed interesting and exotic places for Pamela and yours truly to go on our honeymoon. It was ultimately our decision, of course, but we'd gladly listen to input from the others since they were going to take part in the honeymoon, too, a month-long celebration of love, laughter and happiness. Researching various travel websites on their respective laptops, Kristanna and Amy took turns rattling off ideas on which locales seemed to be the most exciting for our group to visit.

So far, Seychelles seemed to be at the top of their list. Located off the coast in East Africa, Seychelles is made up of 115 islands, though only about 15 of them are inhabited or can be visited. Considered a decadent, tropical playground for the rich and famous, Seychelles did seem quite intriguing, and Pamela and I promised them we'd take a closer look at it.

I wasn't quite certain when Kristanna and I would tie the knot ourselves just yet, but I figured it'd be shortly after the initial honeymoon in either January or February 2019. Like everything else, Pamela had recently given us her blessing to make the second marriage a reality. She even wanted to marry Kristanna herself, having recently proposed to her in private.

Needless to say, Kristanna accepted. She'd spent _years_ dreaming and fantasizing about what it would be like to one day have both a husband and a wife. Now, those dreams were going to become a reality and, quite frankly, it couldn't happen to a better and more deserving girl than her.

Not to get too far ahead of myself, but I was hoping to call Amy my bride as well by the summer of 2019.

The pair of individuals on the sofa directly across from us had been commandeering most of my attention since Pamela drifted off into her little snooze. Trish Sinclair and Lindsay Anastacio had been kissing, cuddling and whispering like kittens into each other's ears ever since we'd departed Martin State Airport in Middle River, Maryland some four hours ago. They didn't seem to care what Mercedes and Fiorella thought of their continued display, either.

Only halfway through the flight, I recently had to toss a heavy jacket over my lap to hide the bulging erection that was stationed in my trousers. Watching two beautiful women such as Trish and Lindsay flirt and cavort with each other, with their innocent giggles and squealy banter mixed in, was highly arousing. It even got to the point where I had to slip a hand underneath the jacket and gently stroke myself.

Unlike them, I cared about my image to Mercedes and Fiorella, and didn't want to make either feel any more uncomfortable than they already were. To them, I was probably considered a hotshot playboy now (that idea was ludicrous to me) travelling with five gorgeous supermodels, all of whom were clearly oversexed (and very bisexual).

The two Peru-based stewardesses I'd hired two years ago, along with Captain Mauro and co-pilot Gustavo, were making their final flight with us. It was no longer logical to continue to employ them since they'd be based halfway around the world from us. Thus, it'd soon be time to interview and eventually hire another private flight crew to take us from place to place. Kristanna, of course, suggested we begin (and end) the search with her two longtime friends from Norway, U.S. Air Force pilot Mike Steele, and his wife, Carolyn.

Mike would be retiring soon and Kristanna wanted to be certain that he and Carolyn were taken care of later in life. What better way to do that than hire them - her two former lovers, remember - and offer extravagant salaries for their services? I've certainly been known to be quite generous and benevolent from time-to-time in the past, right? Plus, Kristanna said, Mike was an awesome pilot and could easily find two more qualified individuals to round out the crew.

We'll see. It seemed like a good idea as, at the very least, Mike and Carolyn would accept us and our unique, open-ended lifestyle. After all, they led one of their own.

Every so often, Trish and Lindsay would turn and make eye contact with me, or Kristanna or Amy, or even Pamela before she fell asleep, and give friendly smiles. The two ladies snickered in unison moments ago once they realized that I was rubbing the bulge within my trousers, the jacket over top of my lap, while continuing to gawk at them.

Lindsay licked her lips and made cocksucking motions at me with her fist, bringing it to her mouth, silently asking if I'd like a little fellatio at 41,000 feet. It was tempting, no doubt, but Fiorella was serving drinks in the galley and I was way too modest of a man to create a scene with her (and Mercedes) constantly in-and-out. Plus, Pamela was dozing on my shoulder and I didn't want to rouse her. When I shook my head at Lindsay in response, she made a face and stuck her tongue out in defiance. What a brat! But then she was giggling again.

I'm going to put you over my knee, little baby girl, and spank your ass at the earliest opportunity for being such a tease.

It sure had been a whirlwind past two-and-a-half months for me and my entourage of lovely women. Last month, Lindsay was set to return to her hometown of Cincinnati after six weeks on the private island that I owned in the South Pacific. She boarded the helicopter on the beach and actually took off for the mainland where pilot Kevin, yet another well-paid associate of mine, would see to it that she made it safe and sound to the airport and board her flight to Cincinnati.

But Lindsay had a change of heart shortly after departing the island, however, and demanded that Kevin immediately return her. She suddenly realized that her true home was with us (but even more importantly, with me).

In a series of events that still seem like a wild blur, Lindsay came crashing through the front door of my estate once I thought she was forever gone and professed her undying love and devotion, claiming that she'd sacrifice everything in her life for the possibility of a commitment with me. She also wanted to expand on her relationship with Pamela, Kristanna and (especially) Amy and, best of all, Lindsay wanted to rekindle her old romance with Trish. Everything happened so quickly... it still didn't seem real!

Originally, Pamela, Kristanna, Trish, Amy and I were going to depart the Jorge Chávez International Airport in Lima, Peru that following weekend on a flight to Baltimore for a week of fun and sightseeing. I had plans of sitting down with Pamela's parents sometime during the week and asking for permission to marry their daughter. Without Pamela's knowledge, of course. And if everything went well, I'd then drop down to bended knee and ask Pamela if she'd like to be my bride.

But with Lindsay now back in the fold, those vacation plans - and subsequent ones - were quickly juggled, rearranged. We decided to spend that week in Cincinnati instead. Not only was it Lindsay's home and where her family was located, but Amy also lived in the area and I was actually born there. Of course, my mother and two of my siblings were in Cincinnati, too.

After touching down at the Dayton International Airport in Vandalia, Ohio on July 23, 2018, we were promptly whisked 30 miles south via limousine to Six Senses, a luxurious, high-roller hotel just off the interstate in Dawson City. When coming here to visit family in the past, I'd always rent the penthouse suite if it was available. What was most appealing to me about this particular hotel was the manager (A.J. Koval) remembered me by name every time I was there and went out of his way - well beyond it, actually - to be certain my stay was enjoyable. I call that five-star customer service at its finest.

I arranged for a rental car and then Lindsay and I promptly ventured off toward the small, sleepy town of Summerhaven, or more specifically, the house where she lived with her mother and three sisters. None of them had any clue that we were in the area as Lindsay spoke to each member of her family over the telephone that past Monday and told them through gobs of tears that she wasn't coming back home after all. Lindsay had decided to stay on the island and start a new life with me. Thus, showing up unannounced like this was going to be a huge surprise for her family.

(And let it be noted - Lindsay removed the red streaks from her otherwise blonde hair the Wednesday evening prior. Her mother, she claimed, would never approve of them.)

"But I'm getting new ones once we leave Ohio and go to our next vacation spot, Toronto!"

Lindsay knocked on the front door of her family home and was greeted by joyous, deafening screams from her younger sister, 16-year-old Alison, who was totally unprepared to see her. This caused their oldest sister, Jennifer (age 23) to come to the door to see what all the commotion was, only to have a similar reaction. Finally, mother Leslie quickly came rushing from upstairs when Alison screamed that Lindsay was here.

I stood there and although I didn't say a word, I had the biggest smile on my face while watching Lindsay share an emphatic group hug with her mother and two of her three sisters. Where was Gina? At work, perhaps? No matter, the women cried and squealed in utter joy. Lindsay hadn't seen any of them since she'd left for the island seven weeks prior. This reunion was much too long in the making.

"Meet Jeremy; he's my fiancé!" was how Lindsay formally introduced me to Leslie and her two sisters. "Jeremy and I are getting married!" We are? With the financial aid and generosity I'd provided this family over the past several weeks, albeit from thousands of miles away, they were quick to invite me into their home and make me feel most welcome.

(And if you're wondering about that million dollars Lindsay was to get, she asked that it be split and distributed five ways amongst her mother, three sisters and little niece. Thus, I sent all of them $200,000 apiece.)

There were many questions and, not surprisingly, they came from all directions. What are you doing here? Why aren't you two still on the island? Why have you been so good to us, Jeremy? What exactly is your relationship with Lindsay? How did you meet her? What do you do for a living? How come you have so much money? Does Lindsay still plan on being involved with the church, particularly the ministry?

The overwhelming vibe I received was that the Anastacio clan was a modest, downhome, deeply religious family. Lindsay's father, after all, had been a minister before his unfortunate passing late last year. Like Lindsay, these were the type of good, decent women that any man would be proud to bring home and to introduce to his parents (and feel comfortable doing so) over Mom's favorite cooked meal.

Alison put out a telephone call to Gina and asked the 20-year-old to come home from grocery shopping immediately. When Gina arrived, the entire family was once again reunited, and all was right again in the Anastacio household.

"Someone wants to meet you!" Lindsay was full of excitement when she brought Jennifer's precious 12-month-old daughter, Katherine, over to me on the sofa. "Would you like to hold her, Jeremy? She's really friendly and isn't afraid of meeting new people - being held by them - at all."

When I cradled Lindsay's niece in my arms, I felt a certain sense of peace wash over me all at once. One day, I wanted this. One day, I was going to be a father. I'd already spoken at length with Pamela about the possibility of us having a child. We were going to start working on that as soon as possible.

"Are you and Jeremy going to be busy making babies of your own sometime soon in the future?"

"You know we will!" Lindsay responded, full of pep and gusto, to her sister's question. My eyes almost burst as she then proclaimed, "You know I've always wanted to have at least four kids, Jenn-Jenn." I also gulped my throat at the mere thought, a truly daunting one at that.

Because what if Pamela, Kristanna, Trish and Amy all wanted four kids of their own, too?

Good God, I could one day be the father of _20 children_...

Monday morning, I went with Lindsay and her family to the Cincinnati Museum of Natural History located downtown. Fun little fact: my father used to be a courier when he was still very young, growing up in the 1950's, and would deliver telegrams on his bicycle all over town from Union Terminal, where the museum was located. I'd been to the museum countless times in the past and still cherish the memories of all those stories Dad used to tell me about growing up throughout the city.

One of my favorites was him and his older brother, Wayne, would sneak into Crosley Field when the Reds were in town. He claimed they saw over 100 baseball games - at least - while growing up and never once paid for a ticket. Times were different back then. Unfortunately, Dad wasn't here right now. He lived in California with his girlfriend, Dawn. But we kept in close contact and I'd see him again later in the year.

Neither Lindsay or I had breathed a word about Pamela, Kristanna, Trish or Amy to her own family yet. Not only did Lindsay prefer to keep her bisexual tendencies a secret from her family, but she certainly didn't want them to know we were actually part of a polyamorous relationship with a grand total of six people in it. At least right now, that news would probably be way too shocking for them to properly process.

After returning to the family home for a scrumptious dinner and party afterward, I slept on the living room sofa for the second night in a row. Note to self: buy this family a new sofa. The one they had was old and a killer on my back.

In the morning, I told the Anastacios that I had some business to tend to and was going to leave Lindsay here until picking her up the following day. In reality, the only business I had to tend to was the other four ladies I'd left behind at the hotel two nights prior. The plan was to leave Lindsay here and let her spend some more quality time with her loved ones while I returned to Six Senses and snatched Pamela, and took her to meet my own family.

The gathering took place at my 52-year-old sister's house. Di and my brother, Dan (also older), along with several family members, were there to greet us. Mom was, too. It'd been a good seven months - since Christmas 2017 - since I'd been in town and seen any of them, so it was a happy reunion.

I introduced everyone to Pamela and told them that she was a librarian whom I'd met and fallen in love with during a business trip to Baltimore earlier in the summer. It was a good, convincing story, but also incredibly hypocritical on my part. Didn't I question Pamela and her decision to _bend the truth_ about our relationship and the way we met while visiting her own family in Maryland for the funeral three weeks ago? I even scolded her for not telling the truth.

Yet here I was... doing the same, exact thing.

Pamela shot me a curious, wide-eyed glance when I told everyone that she was a librarian, but thankfully, no one seemed to catch onto her reaction. I hated being dishonest, but there was no way in Hell that I'd tell my family - especially my mother - that I was dating a stripper.

Former stripper, that is.

If there was any doubt about the blonde super goddess being a librarian, Pamela quickly squashed it when Mom made the comment that she'd been to the library many, many times, but had never seen a woman as attractive as Pamela working there. Mom then asked Pamela if she could make any suggestions about some good books to read.

"I'd love to share book ideas with you," Pamela told Mom, smiling for emphasis. "In fact, two of my suitcases are full of nothing but books!" That was true. Pamela literally cleaned out the drama section in my home library back on the island and packed as much as she could into those suitcases before leaving. "I can never have enough good books to read!"

And then, Pamela spent the next 30 minutes talking with Mom about hot new authors and current bestseller lists. It was magical to witness.

All in all, Pamela - though she claimed to be incredibly nervous throughout- hit a home run in meeting my family for the first time. Mom loved her. Pamela left an outstanding impression and, before we left that night, my sister pulled me aside and asked if I ultimately wanted to marry this girl.

"I do. And I will. Soon, trust me."

"I hope you do, Jer. It's about time you finally get married. Pamela seems really nice and I can tell that she loves you just as much as you love her."

Unfortunately, we were unable to contact my estranged brother, Steve, who lived deep in the backwoods of Kentucky and was accustomed to brushes with the law. Somehow, someway, I was hoping to see him during the trip, but it didn't happen. To me, it didn't matter that Steve was the black sheep of the family. He was still my brother and I loved him.

Dan thought Steve may be in jail again...

I hadn't seen much of Kristanna, Trish or Amy over the past few days. Once Pamela and I returned to the hotel, they were quick to point out their loneliness and, as a result, I was tossed onto the bed and the three of them grouped up on me. When Pamela joined the fray and made it a four-on-one coupling, I suddenly found myself as the recipient of a wicked gang-bang. Those insatiable chicks nearly ripped me to shreds!

The next morning, I went out to breakfast with my sister and her husband, plus Mom and Pamela. Past noon, Pamela and I went back to the hotel to spend a couple of hours with the ladies. Although all of them had access to rental cars of their own (Amy would've been an excellent tour guide since she knew the area well), they'd opted to stay cooped-up in the penthouse suite for the most part since our arrival on Sunday evening. I didn't like this, naturally, so offered to take everyone to the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden.

With three more days in Cincinnati before our little group ventured off to Toronto, Lindsay suddenly got the idea that she wanted to spend the rest of her visit here with her family at their home. Makes sense, right? Yet I had to remind Lindsay that in order to keep up the façade of our _monogamous_ relationship - and ultimately hide the fact there were five people in her life instead of just one - we had to stick to the original plan. Four days were slotted for her family and then it was back to the hotel for Lindsay for the final three.
