 CHAPTER 40. "MATRIMONY"

Outstanding and magical! Those are the first two words that come to mind when I remember the day – December 23, 2018 – that Pamela and I got married at one of Maryland's premiere wedding and reception venues, Della Terra Seaside Chapel, in the cozy, little village of Cannon Beach.

I woke up that morning not at the lavish, decadent hotel in downtown Baltimore, but rather, my mother's home in Greyford, Ohio. Where I had lived for the first 12 years of my life and was nurtured into the man I am today. I'd spent the prior night in my old bedroom in preparation for the big day. There was nothing quite like waking up to a hearty breakfast – bacon, eggs, French toast, pancakes and sausage – that Mom had cooked. Hmmmmm, just like yesteryear.

Once Mom separated from Dad in 2003, some 12 years after we initially moved away from Ohio, she moved back to the Cincinnati area on her own and I saw to it that the old family home – Mom's favorite home of all – was returned to her. It took some doing on my part as I eventually had to offer the then-current owners four times its market value. They'd have been foolish not to accept.

I went for a walk in the woods out back, solo, and sat in the same clearing near the creek that used to be my favorite spot back in the day. I could envision my friends from when we were kids – Chris, Clint, Mark and Amber – playing with me, all of us causing trouble. Oh, where had all those years gone?

And what ever happened to my old friends?

I am in no way deeply religious (although Lindsay is trying to convert me), but I recorded a video of myself praying for our wedding day and the beginning of our marriage with my smartphone anyway, then texted it to Pamela. After that, I put my Samsung Note 9 into airplane mode, not wanting any distractions for the remainder of the day. Re-watching that prayer in the days and weeks that's followed has increased my own faith as I trusted how several parts of it would soon materialize and come true. Blessed, I certainly am.

I have no idea what caused me to do this (perhaps it was a Holy Spirit nudge), but when getting back to the house, I decided to write a letter to my future son - whomever that may be - which was only to be opened on his wedding day. I articulated to my future son exactly how I felt on the day when I married his mother, Pamela. Whoa. How incredibly happy and joyful I felt. How much I worshipped and admired his mother, and forever would. In the letter, I prayed for his own future wife, their wedding day and their marriage. And for the first time ever, I told my son that I loved him.

And no, Pamela wasn't pregnant yet. Not that we knew of, at least. I wrote the letter, made all those assumptions, simply because I wanted to. It felt like the right thing to do.

Mom and I, along with my estranged brother, Steve (yay!... I finally found him), plus his wife and children, had a morning ticket to Baltimore. My personal flight crew based out of Norway - Captain Mike, co-pilot Craig and stewardesses Carolyn and Barbara - were patiently waiting for us at my private jet at the Greater Cincinnati International Airport in Covington, Kentucky. We were only in the air for 80 minutes – it was a super short trip - and were driving on the interstate toward Cannon River no more than 10 minutes after the plane first touched the ground. Ahh, the joys of flying private...

Many people were curious as to why I decided to spend the night prior to the biggest day of my life some 450 miles away in the suburbs of Cincinnati. Wasn't it a risk? The answer was simple, really. I wanted to return to my roots, if just once more, and contemplate my life and choices, the past, future, everything. I felt no danger in doing so because I trusted Captain Mike and his crew implicitly. I knew they'd get us to Maryland on time. The weather forecast between both points was good and we didn't anticipate any delays.

Besides, I finally got into contact with Steve (who hid in the backwoods of Kentucky like I once did the island) and convinced him and his family to attend the wedding. They all needed a quick and easy way to travel there, right? His two daughters, Stephanie and Autumn, were nearly grown up! I hadn't seen my brother since 2006 or even spoken to him since 2009, but that certainly didn't mean I didn't love him, worry about him. He'd been in-and-out of jail for the past 30 years and, just by looking at him now, Steve led a rough life. I felt obligated to give him some money to help improve the situation for not only him, but his wife and children as well.

The only question was whether or not he'd put that money to good use. I hate to say this, but I had my doubts.

We made the 20 mile drive northward to Cannon Beach from the Martin State Airport and, assured Pamela and I wouldn't cross paths until the ceremony later that evening, I began to putz around the wedding and reception areas. Being just two days out from the holiday, Pamela and I had opted for a Christmas-themed wedding. While I originally wanted to throw the most outlandish and expensive Christmas wedding in world history, Pamela reeled me back in, saying we couldn't go overboard – create a spectacle that may take away from the ceremony itself - and needed to keep things simple.

Just hint at Christmas, she insisted.

Pamela didn't like my idea, for example, of ten 18-foot Christmas trees decked out with lighted bling and hundreds of decorations. Or the gospel choir, celebrity musicians and DJs performing live for us. Or the custom chandeliers made of manzanita branches woven with crystal strands. I was getting too carried away and Pamela insisted all the expensive extras just weren't necessary.

Simpler-range ideas prevailed such as pine garland running down the main aisleway, providing that familiar holiday smell. What, if anything, seemed more Christmas than lots of flickering, cozy candlelight? There was a fair amount of sparkle, but it certainly wasn't excessive – just the right amount of glitter-dipped white hydrangeas, roses, tinsels, birch trees and amaryllis. Holly wreaths hung on the entrance doors and the altar to help create a little more pop and sizzle. Lanterns, pinecones, evergreen leaves and silver ribbons offered that wintry, festive feel.

Pamela was right. The dreams of my wedding day seemed to be realized when I first entered the banquet area and saw the high, vaulted ceilings adorned with Christmas lights and floor-to-ceiling cathedral windows beaming with lush sunlight. Meticulously decorated with flowers and plants, everything was perfect. Pamela relented and let me have one tree, but asked that it be smaller sized than normal, nothing too overwhelming. The tree was a tasteful white and decorated with just a few ornaments and twinkle lights. No extravagant bows or ribbons allowed.

Over the next hour or so, Dan (my other brother) joined up with Steve and me. Our father, serving as the best man, arrived shortly thereafter. Mom hadn't seen Dad in person since their bitter separation some 15 years ago, so she opted to go to another part of the chapel for the time being (even though she was bound to come across Dad later). Nevertheless, the four of us laughed and poked around the reception hall, helping the event coordinator and her staff put the finishing touches on everything, placing name cards and runners. I went off for a while on my own and did a little something special for Pamela, though she wouldn't learn about it until much later tonight.

It sure was good to touch base with Steve and get caught up with him. I honestly didn't know when I'd have the opportunity to do it again.

Several other family members began filing in, some of which I hadn't seen in ages. Included amongst them were my cousin from the Kansas City area, Colt McCarron, and his two lovely brides, Alexa and Merissa. I hadn't seen Colt since his wedding with Alexa in 2011, but we'd been in close contact over the past several months as he and his two wives were a wonderful sounding board and support rod for not only me, but Pamela and Kristanna as well. Trish, Lindsay and Amy were starting to talk to them regularly as well. The teachings of Colt, Alexa and Merissa were invaluable. These three were the experts when it came to the polygamous lifestyle as Merissa married both Colt and Alexa in the same night just over two years ago. Colt even had three children mixed between them (one with Alexa, two with Merissa). They'd graciously answered all our questions about their personal lives, their marriage and how it worked, its pros and cons, and gave us tons of knowledge and helpful hints.

I made plans to visit them in Kansas City sometime soon, possibly next summer, and bring all the ladies with me.

When my sister showed up alongside her husband with coffee and lunch, we all decided it was time to quit working and start getting ready for the big day. The next few hours all fused together. I treated all the groomsmen to a professional hot lather beard and mustache shave (if they so desired it). I hung out in my private quarters with Dad and my two brothers, reminiscing about days gone by. Dad was so happy that his youngest child was finally going to tie the knot. He was 75 and I felt relieved he was still here to see it.

It was honestly so relaxing and laid back as the day progressed. Di, my sister, was beyond excited. She said she'd been waiting forever for this day to finally come. I didn't feel nervous or anxious. I remember simply enjoying those few hours, knowing this was my day; my day to shine.

The ceremony was at 5:00pm, so 90 minutes before, I slipped into my tuxedo. It was a dark, charcoal color, and made me look like a million bucks. I even had a festive holly boutonnière pinned to my jacket to match the Christmas theme of the wedding. I wanted to stand out from my groomsmen, of course, so all their tuxedos were a light gray.

Right before it was time to go down to the chapel, I spent a few moments with Mom in my private quarters. We laughed, we cried, and we said "I love you" to each other. What a splendid, little memory.

Of course, Kristanna, Trish, Lindsay and Amy came and went throughout the day, offering whatever assistance they could, but also splitting their efforts and doing the same for Pamela. One day, everyone in our respective inner families would know the truth about our unique relationship and we wouldn't have to go to such painstaking lengths to conceal it.

One day...

I remember standing behind the red curtains on the stage, peeking through them, waiting to go out. What I saw actually blew me away. There seemed to be this otherworldly glow in the chapel and everything had come together so beautifully; it went above and beyond even my wildest fantasy for the ideal wedding scene. Again, Pamela was right to reel me and my grandiose ideas back in. 350 of our closest friends and family were in attendance. There were guests from as away far as Hawaii and California, even Peru and Norway. Kristanna's parents refused to miss this day for the world even if it didn't directly involve their daughter, Kristanna. The groomsmen walked out first, one by one, and then I was given my cue. I walked out alongside Dad, my best man, then we took our assigned spots at the altar.

I borrowed a moment to look at the surroundings and allowed them to sink in. Take a mental picture, I said to myself, and remember this forever. Pamela chose this venue, a lovely seaside wedding chapel, because her parents got married here back in 1980. It held a special place in all their hearts and Pamela had always promised her mother she'd get married here one day, too. The interior was stunning, with a gorgeous staircase and lots of gold accents. The gleaming wood floor and Christmas lights around the balcony made everything look elegant and almost dreamy. This old chapel was glamorous, romantic and vintage all at the same time.

Trish, Lindsay and Amy, along with two of Pamela's local friends, Mindy and Karen, and her two sisters, Paula and Candice, came out as bridesmaids, wearing their pretty red dresses and holiday tiaras. They were all here and dolled up for us? Wow. Yet Kristanna, the all-too-chipper, beaming Maid of Honor, easily blew them all away. Her hair was piled on top of her head in a stylish bun, a few yellow tendrils curling past her shoulders. My, oh my. I'd never seen Kristanna look any better than she did right now.

Being my _other_ fiancée, of course, Kristanna and I were going to marry each other on February 1, 2019 on her family's farm in Karlskrona, Norway. Just like this chapel was for Pamela, the farm would be the ideal, picture-perfect location for Kristanna to get married. She loved that old farm so much.

When the unmistakable sound of Only Time - an ethereal and awe-inspiring ballad performed by Irish Celtic musician Enya - began to serenade the chapel, I immediately focused all my attention toward the back. This particular piece, with its amazing mix of cellos, violins, strings and voices, was the processional song that Pamela wanted to be played while she made her grand entrance.

The ballad captures one's attention with a singular note that lasts 12 seconds in the very beginning and then repeats the same piano key combination several times throughout, much like a reassuring, steadfast promise. Only Time was the perfect backdrop as I stood and tried to peer over and between the heads of the others in attendance, desperately wanting to catch my first glimpse of Pamela. Where was she? I didn't see her. There!... a fleeting, split-second peek. White veil, blonde hair, a...

Oh. My. God.

I lost my breath. I was utterly spellbound. I fully expected Pamela to look absolutely stunning and marvelous in her bridal gown – after all, this was her day too – but I felt a sharp, definite reaction down to my very core once I got my first full glimpse of her. A happy and glowing vision of pure, eternal light, Pamela appeared to be nothing less than an... angel. My knees buckled at the mere sight. My heart raced. My arms trembled. My stomach grumbled. I was in complete shock.

Arm-in-arm with her father, Pamela's smile was brighter than the sun as she began to make the meticulously slow and deliberate walk down the aisle. Her bridal dress, its color a heavenly white, was a slim, tapered, curve-hugging design that followed the line of her hips and thighs and flared out dramatically below the knees. An off-the-shoulder gown, it was complimented nicely by an elegant veil and tiara, a fluffy poinsettia pinned to her shoulder and the bouquet of white roses she was clutching in her left hand. A red sash incorporated the Christmas theme into her attire.

Pamela's rich, golden blonde hair had been professionally done – styled to perfection - and even featured a string of exquisite pearls woven into it with a few starfish designs mixed in. No doubt, her way of paying homage to the magical place where we'd met and fallen in love.

When Only Time - the Celtic ballad that I found so incredibly moving - was nearing its end, Pamela, her eyes blazing a path to me, finally made her way to the podium. My pulse quickened and refused to calm. But it had nothing to do with the way Pamela looked in her luxurious bridal gown. Oh, don't get me wrong. She was my Queen, all right. Rather, it was the aura of love and spirit which Pamela radiated that made my heart beat like I was on a trippy narcotic. Seriously, I thought I had died and gone to Heaven.

I'd waited for this moment my entire life.

It was actually here.

Finally.

With Pamela Prescott!

Enjoy it...

Her eyes glistened with tears, just like mine. I couldn't resist lunging forward and meeting her a step (or four) early.

"In a hurry?" Pamela asked with a soft laugh that made me grin like a fool. Or perhaps a cartoonish buffoon. Was my jaw on the floor and my tongue extended ten feet out in front of me? My eyes bugging out of their sockets? It sure felt that way. I didn't care what anyone else thought, either.

But damn, I loved that laugh. "You have no idea." I was in a hurry, all right. The sooner she became my wife, the quicker my lips could meet hers for a kiss (among other things).

I reached for her hands. "You look beautiful."

"So do you."

I really have no idea how long we stood there holding hands and gazing into each other's eyes, but it was long enough for the women to start whispering and the children to begin giggling. Pamela's father cleared his throat rather harshly, snapping us out of our private bubble just like that. I could've stayed in that moment forever.

I blinked several times as I'd been too caught up in Pamela to think and respect proper marital traditions. "I'm sorry," I said to John as well as Bill, the officiant for tonight, but made no move to walk away. Hell, I thought. This was my wedding and I could start new traditions! Who was going to stop me? Thus, my eyes found Pamela's yet again and I blew her a kiss before finally returning to Dad's side. As a result, there were several more hearty chuckles amongst the gathering.

"I think your husband-to-be is quite ready, pumpkin," John told Pamela with a grin, offering her arm to me.

"Yes, Daddy." She looped that arm around mine and smiled sweetly. "We've BOTH been waiting for this day for a long, long time."

"Welcome. Welcome, welcome. How 'bout this place? How 'bout this couple? Thank you all for coming on behalf on Jeremy and Pamela. They'd like to express their love and their appreciation for all of you as family and friends that have come to this special occasion. You may be seated."

"My name is Bill Prescott. I don't do this for a living. You'll figure that out real quick. My brother is John Prescott, obviously the father of the bride, which makes me Pamela's uncle. I was there in the hospital the day Pamela was born and remember it well. John and Carol felt so incredibly blessed, so happy, to finally have perfect, little Pamela in their lives. They took her home and snapped thousands of photos of her. To this day, she's always been the apple in her daddy's eye. A straight-A student all throughout her school years, Pamela grew up into a fine, upstanding adult and has always held her family – her parents, John and Carol, and her two sisters, Paula and Candice – in the highest regard."

"I remember when Pamela was a toddler, she used to come to our house a lot and spend the night. I gotta tell you, I'd get up for my morning cereal, go to the refrigerator and there was no milk, and there was no cereal. That gal raided that pantry pretty hard!" There were laughs all about as Uncle Bill (that's what I'd been calling him lately, too) delivered his opening speech with a calm, easygoing tone.

"About two months ago, Jeremy and Pamela asked my wife and I to go out to dinner with them for the evening. They had a question for me pertaining to their upcoming wedding. And I thought, well, as Pamela's uncle, as a mentor, they probably want me to read some scripture, that'd be fine. I'll be happy to. Jeremy kind of made a big deal out of it and he says, Pamela has a question for you. And I thought, this seemed like a whole lot for just reading some scripture at a wedding. Pamela then looked at me and said, Uncle Bill, would you marry me?"

"I said, well, we'll have to run that by the wife." Laughter broke out again as he added, "Might be a little crowded..."

"But this is my first wedding. Who knew it'd be so easy to get qualified on the Internet to marry somebody? But I can guarantee you it will be official. By some odd quirk in the law in Maryland, this is gonna happen, and my biggest desire for tonight is that this is God-honoring and I hope we can do that."

I was about to marry Pamela Prescott! I still couldn't believe this moment was finally here...

"We're gathered together here as a community of family and friends in God's presence to witness the holy marriage of Jeremy and Pamela, which is instituted by God, blessed by our Lord Jesus Christ, and to be held in honor among men. Let us therefore reverently remember that God has established and sanctified marriage for the welfare and happiness of mankind. It is therefore not to be entered into unadvisedly, but reverently, discreetly, and in the fear of God."
