 Jenna is my girlfriend. I say 'girlfriend', but it's more of a 'friends with benefits' arrangement. The benefits, however, exceed the normal, as you see, we kind of use each other. Not in 'used and abused' kind of way, but more of a mutually beneficial kind of way. You see, separately we're not very adventurous. We keep to ourselves and never stray outside of the bounds of 'normal'. However, put together we let the other push us to do things that we otherwise wouldn't, or embolden each other to try to one up the other.

This leads us to tonight. Jenna had come to visit me in my dorm for the night. It was the weekend, and a lot of the people here didn't live that far away, so many of them were gone for the weekend, including my roommate. Jenna had arrived early in the evening and decided to change into something more comfortable than the jeans she was wearing, which she complained were a bit too tight. She had pulled them down and sat on the bed while struggling a bit to get them off completely when the was a knock at the door. I quickly opened it up, and standing there was John, the guy from the room directly across from me. Jenna let out a quick gasp as she reached back, clutching for the sheet to cover her. John looked over to see what the sound was, seeing her stretched onto her back, finally finding the edge of the sheet, which pulled her shirt up ironically revealing more of her stomach, legs with feet bound by a jumble of jeans, and accentuating the low-cut bikini cotton panties stretched over and revealing every contour of her pussy lips. She flipped the sheet over herself a second later, and looked over and John, who was standing transfixed in the doorway.

"Um... hi!" she said, giggling while covering her mouth with her hand, trying to hide her embarrassment and amusement with the predicament she was in, legs feet, and bunched up jeans sticking out of the sheet and hanging off the side of the bed.

"Uh... hi?" He echoed out, thrown off a bit from why he came there.

"Oh, that's Jenna, my girlfriend. She's just here for a day or two." I said matter-of-factly, as if she didn't just flash her panties at my neighbor.

"Hi!" he said again to her and pulled his eyes to me, trying not to stare. "Uh, we were going to watch the game in our room tonight" he said, motioning over his shoulder to his room" ... uh... both of you can come, of course ... if you want." he added.

"Thanks for the offer. Uh... maybe. We'll see how things work out later." I said, slightly nodding to Jenna to indicate that she may have other ideas.

"Oh, yeah, of course." He stammered out. "Maybe I'll see ya later, then!"

"Thanks, again! See ya!" I said.

"Bye!" Jenna said, waving while clutching the sheet, as I closed the door. "Ass!" she added. "You knew I was changing!"

"Why do you think I opened the door so wide? Besides, you loved it." I said, grinning as I did.

"You know I did." she said with a big smile.

Bending down to her feet, I grabbed the bottom of her jeans and pulled them off her as she tossed the sheet back, treating me to a nice view of her panties as she stretched back on the bed. "Please tell me you brought that short skirt of yours with you." I said, hopefully.

"Of course I did. I know how much you love it." She said as she hopped off the bed and rifled through her bag only to pull out the skirt in question and holding it up as evidence of its existence.

"Perfect. Why don't you wear that and we'll go grab something to eat. Maybe it'll be a little breezy out there!"

"Oh, I like the way you think!" She replied, giving a sly grin as she pulled on the skirt. It was a light flowing skirt that was just long enough to cover, but tantalizingly close to exposing her panties any time she moved. "How do I look?" she asked.

Pulling her close, sliding my hands up the back of he skirt to grab her cheeks and pull her close as we kissed, "Like I said, perfect" I answered.

 A couple hours later and we're walking back into the dorm building. Dinner was great and we had a few drinks, but were just a bit buzzed. Jenna wasn't as bubbly-happy as she tends to be, so I asked her "You ok? You seemed to enjoy dinner."

"Oh, I'm fine." she responded, adding "I just was looking forward to some 'accidental' exposures like before when you put me on display for your friend."

"Well if that's what you're looking for" I began "then I've got an idea that I think you'll really like."

"Is that so? And what do you have in mind?" she said as we finished ascending the stairs, about to push through the door to my floor.

"First things first." I stopped her "We both had a LOT to drink tonight."

"What do you mean? I feel fine." she replied, confused.

"No... We're really drunk. We really shouldn't have drank that much." I said, emphasizing with a gesture towards the hallway.

"I think I get where this is going, but are you sure? I mean, you have to live with these guys for the rest of the semester, at least. I mean, I'd walk in there naked if I thought I could get away with it, but I don't want to make your life complicated."

"That's what the drunkeness is for. Tomorrow we can claim to not remember a thing, and they'll pretend like nothing ever happened."

"Sounds like a plan. Ok... " she said, shaking her arms out as if loosening up for a run. "Let's do this!" and we pushed through the door into the hallway, staggering a bit, and pushing off walls for balance. We had drank some, and it was just the right about to still be totally aware of what we were doing, but with just enough looseness to be able to exaggerate convincingly. As we walked down the hallway we could see the door across from mine was wide open and the sounds of a football game playing on the tv. Jenna nodded towards the door, eyes asking "that's where we're headed, right?" but I shook my head a pointed at my door. She was a bit confused but when we got to the door, she fell against it and punched in the lock code, slowly. I held onto her, as if to steady her as the door opened and we both practically fell into the room, managing to just barely keep from falling onto the floor. I turned around to closed the door, glancing across the hall to see three guys, John, Bill and Greg, all looking our way taking witness to our 'drunkenness'. John and Bill lived in that room, and Greg was their friend from down the hall who you would swear lived in that room too, if you didn't know better.

"Perfect! They got a good look."

"They didn't get a 'good look' at anything! Why didn't we just go in there?" Jenna questioned.

"Preparations! Plus right now you're obviously able to walk. You're nowhere near drunk enough!" I answered, probably eliciting more questions. "Ok..." I went into our fridge and took out two bottles of rum and a jug of iced tea. One of the bottles of rum was nearly finished, so I took a swig of it and handed it over to Jenna "drink up! You'll want to be nice and relaxed, but not too much." She gave me a confused look before downing the rest of the bottle, which admittedly wasn't that much, but was at least another shot's worth. I took the bottle back from her when she was finished and filled it back up halfway with iced tea.

"What on earth are you doing?"

"Well, it's no fun if we're actually fall down drunk, but the more they think we are, the more we can get away with, and the more bold they'll be!" I answered.

"You're so devious. I love it!"

"Now. Take off that top and your bra and put on a t-shirt."

"Oooh! Yeah! Good idea! I think I have just the thing..." she said as she flung off her shirt and bra and dug into her bag, pulling out a shirt. Holding it up to herself she asked, with a big grin "How about this one?" She was holding a grey ribbed cotton t-shirt that seemed like it would be too small. Holding up one finger in a 'one second' motion she pulled the shirt on, which was apparently quite stretchy and clung to the curves of her breasts, but only came down to an inch or two above her belly button. Her nipples were obviously erect and stretching the material around them as if the shirt was painted on.

"Almost too perfect! Now... Hmm... Ok. You wait a few minutes, then come across the hall. I'm 'going to the bathroom' and you were going to 'go to sleep', but came looking for me. Ok?"

"Why not just go over there together?" She asked.

"I has to be believable. I mean, really. Do you want to watch a football game?"

"No, I don't." She answered.

"Right, so they're not going to believe you actually wanted to go there to watch a game, but if you just come looking for me they'll believe it and they won't expect you to pay attention to it, which will leave you free to play your own game, as it were" I explained.

"Ok, I got it. Enough planning. Let's do this!" She insisted.

"Agreed. We'll play it by ear from here. See you in a few minutes!" I took her face in my hands and gave her a big kiss. "Now. Out of sight!" I shooed her to the side as I picked up the two bottles, shuffled them a bit so I could open then close the door, and staggered across the hall. "Hey guys!" I said, walking over to a chair to sit as return greetings came my way. "I brought you guy some rum! Jenna and I have been drinking straight from this one" I said, shaking the iced tea bottle "but this one's for you guys." I added, putting the full bottle on the table as I plopped into a chair.

"Very cool!" John said, picking it up and opening it, then added to Bill "Bring your cup over." and Bill obliged, having a decent amount poured in. Greg similarly held out his cup to have his coke supplemented by some rum. John then poured some for himself before closing the bottle and putting it back down on the table. "Jenna's not coming?" he then asked.

"She was going to go to sleep. Football's not really her thing." I answered and took a swig from my 'rum' bottle.

It was about 10 minutes later that my dorm room door opened and Jenna came staggering across. "Oh. There you are. I thought you were just going to the bathroom." She said to me, with a fairly convincing drunken slurryness added.

"Well, you were going to sleep. I wasn't tired yet, so I figured I'd watch the game!" I tried to match her acting as best I could.

"I was, but I was hoping we could ... before I did." she left out key words, but I knew what she was getting at. Planting the idea in their minds.

"Could what?" I asked with a drunken confused look on my face, playing dumb.

"We'll talk about it later. Give it here!" she grabbed the bottle from my hand and passed by me, just to my peripheral and flopped back onto the couch right between Greg and Bill, legs spread a bit in a move perfectly executed to flip up the front of her skirt and flash her panties at the room. She laid back with her eyes closed for a few seconds, no doubt reveling in the gazes of the three guys in the room, whose eyes were all fixed on her.

I pretended to follow their gaze over to her as slowly as I could. "Uh. Jen?"

She opened her eyes, looked at me put on a confused expression and said "What?" she feigned. I swung my arm out to motion at her panties causing her to look down and explain "Oh!" and flip down the front of her skirt, ending the show, for now. "Sorry about that!" she added, but didn't close her legs together.

"Oh, that's ok!" Bill said, trying not to sound too excited. Jenna's skirt was just barely low enough to not expose her unless you leaned down a bit to look, so they were at just the perfect position to tease the room, along with her exposed tummy, and obvious breasts, nipples straining to break free from the fabric that held them back. She could not look any more fuckable but still have clothes on if she tried.

Jenna took a swig from the bottle and grimaced a bit at the 'rum' and asked "Football, eh? This game important, or something?"

Bill answered saying "It's the Wildcard game."

Jenna paused for a while before replying "I have no idea what that means. I just like watching them run around in their uniforms." Took another swig of the 'rum', passed it back to me, and flopped back on the couch.

Several minutes passed with general banter about the game and football in general. Bill and Greg kept glancing down at Jenna's breasts. Nipples still pointing proudly against the fabric. John managed to 'accidentally' drop chips on the floor on two separate occasions so that he could kneel down to clean them up, conveniently with a view right up Jenna's skirt.

Jenna let out a yawn, then, patting both guys on either side of her rather high on their thighs. said "You guys don't mind if I lay down, do you? I'm really tired."

"No, not at all." Greg said, and they started to get up, but Jenna held them back.

"Don't get up. You can be my pillows." and she pivoted on her butt, and layed down on her back with her head squarely in Greg's lap and draped her legs across Bill's. Greg put his arm across her stomach, as there wasn't room for it anywhere else, and Bill had his somewhat awkwardly across her legs. "That's much better." She said, closing her eyes and adding "just need to find a comfortable position." and she proceeded to squirm her head in Greg's lap, no doubt grinding into his cock as she did. Her legs moving back and forth on Bill's lap were surely doing the same thing. She let out a sigh before settling down, but would fidget every so often I'm sure to keep her 'pillows' from getting too soft.

From the position she was in, Greg still had a great view of her breasts, but Bill had a great view up her skirt, as her maneuver to lay down caused it ride up a bit, and it barely covered her.

I let a few more minutes pass, and I'm sure she was enjoying every second, knowing that Bill was staring right up her skirt. Then I made an expression as if I just came to a realization, turned to the couch, catching the guy's gazes quickly jut back up to the screen, and said "Jen, you didn't take those sleeping pills the doctor gave you, did you?"

She waited a few seconds, no doubt processing what I was saying before replying "Well, I was going to go to sleep. You were supposed to be right back."

"You know you're not supposed to take those when you drink!"

"But I have trouble sleeping." She replied.

"Well, I don't think that'll be a problem tonight." I said and she let out a moan of agreement, closed her eyes again and fidgeted around some more in the guys laps. I let a few more minutes pass by before saying "Jen, did you fall asleep? ... Jen!" I rolled out of my chair to kneel on the floor next to her on the couch. "Jenna!" I called again, shaking her shoulder, pretending to try to wake her. She played along and feigned sleep. "Damn. She's going to be out the rest of the night. A bomb blast won't wake her up once she's taken those pills, and especially not after drinking. I just hope it's not too much."

"I'm sure she'll be fine." John added, reassuringly.

"Probably." I said, "but I'll have to keep an eye on her for the next couple hours to be sure." I let my gaze fall to her breasts and stared at them for a few seconds before reaching out for them. "Damn, her tits are glorious." and I cupped one in my hand and rubbed it slowly, taking my time to enjoy it. Then I raised my hand in a 'one second' gesture, then brought my finger to my lips as if I was shushing them for a secret I was going to tell. "But this..." I reached down and pulled up the front of her skirt. Her panties, revealed to the room, stretched across her mound as if it was painted on. I ran my hand over it, rubbing the front. "This is something else." And I reached lower, curving my fingers between her legs. Her panties were soaked and were coating my fingers in her fluids. I pressed them against her as if trying to push them inside her. "She loves it when I play with her when she's out like this. I tell her everything I did to her and it gets her so horny." I 'admitted', then brought by hand back to my face, gave a good sniff, then kissed my fingers in an italian-like 'delicious' gesture "Magnificent!". I reached down and put her skirt back into place then pointed at each of the guys on the couch "Can you two watch her for now, since you're right here?" I questioned, knowing they'd watch her like hawks even without the 'danger' of her mixing booze and sleeping pills.

"Sure! Of course." Bill responded.

"Thanks!" I said as climbed back into my chair and turned back to the TV, leaving them just in the corner of my sight, just enough to make out what they were doing, but with my 'sloppy drunkenness', I was surely completely oblivious to them. "What did I miss?" I asked about the game, as if I didn't just feel up my girlfriend in front of the room. I would make the occasional comment about what was happening in the game, just to strengthen the illusion as time went on.

It wasn't long before Greg had raised his hand up her body some and was rubbing her breasts slowly, so as not to make it too obvious. Bill tentatively raised her skirt up to get a better view before putting it back down in a position to leave her panties exposed so that Greg could see them, as well. A couple minutes later and he started rubbing the front of her panties. I spit out a comment about the game, just to make them jump, and to reiterate that I wasn't paying attention to them at all. Bill slowly moved her skirt back down, but then his hand slid underneath. He didn't move for a minute or two, but then he started rubbing her again. Jenna was no doubt in heaven with two guys groping her while she lay in their laps, while simultaneously in hell, having to 'be asleep' while she no doubt wanted to moan and squirm. She loves the anticipation and the slow deliberateness of this kinda thing, so it was right up her alley. Bill's arm shifted, in a direction that could only mean one thing: He was now fingering her right there on the couch. I couldn't see, but there was no other reason to reach in from that angle. A few minutes of him slowly fingering her passed before he pulled his hand out, sniffing his fingers. Greg moved his hand from her breast, and leaning over slightly was able to slide his hand right down the front of her skirt as he, too, rubbed Jenna's pussy, trying to be as nonchalant about it as possible. I couldn't tell if he was above or underneath her panties, but he had to reach to get his hand low enough and he wouldn't be able to get more than the tips of his fingers in her, not to mention that it was quite obvious what he was doing, if I just looked over there, so after a few seconds he pulled his hand back and placed it on her chest below her breasts so he could assess the situation again and make sure everything was fine. Bill wasted no time and, once again, his hand was up her skirt and he was slowly fingering her. Greg also upped the ante by reaching up her shirt to rub her breasts directly, though he was having some trouble keeping the shirt from riding up and exposing her, which would have made things even more obvious than they already were, so he settled for above shirt petting.

After several more minutes of this Jenna tensed and both hands shot back to their positions. She just came from Bill's manipulations, and that was quite a feat for her to keep it to just that. I slowly turned my head in her direction, looking concerned. "She doing ok?" I asked.

Greg looked down at here and pretended to assess her, as if he didn't just literally have his hand on the pulse of the situation a few seconds earlier. "She's doing fine. Probably just a dream."

"I should probably bring her back to our bed ... " I slurred out as I rolled out of my chair again onto my knees. "... though I probably shouldn't be attempting this." John, who was sitting there the whole time at the perfect angle to witness everything that was going on, was no doubt stewing as he wished he could join in. He valiantly still managed to engage me in idle banter about the game, no doubt to keep me distracted. I decided to reward him. "John, can you get her legs, and Greg, get under her arms." Greg sat her up and maneuvered such that he slid his arms under hers, ready to pick her up. John picked up each leg from Bill's lap and put a leg at each side of his hips, and the two of them lifted her up. Invariably, her skirt was pulled by gravity up her legs and rested at her hips, giving John a view directly between her legs at the wet spot of her panties. The two awkwardly walked her across the hall as Bill came along to 'help out' and opened the door to my room. I followed behind, leaning against the walls for support. They sat her down on the bed and were about to lay her down, but I stopped them. "Wait, better take off that shirt. She loves that shirt and she'll kill me if it gets damaged with her sleeping in it." They all looked at each other as if they didn't believe what they just heard before Greg grabbed the bottom of her shirt from behind and started lifting it up. John lifted her arms up so that Greg could continue, and her glorious breasts bounced down into view, there for the room to see. Greg put the shirt on the chair as I added "The skirt, too. It'll get all bunched up and she likes to be comfortable when she sleeps."
