 It all started as a lark; I was in Las Vegas for a week attending a conference and enjoying some time away from the office. Staying at one of the casinos on the strip, I was attending meetings through the day, working out in the evening and seeing the town at night. 

In the two short trips to Vegas previously, I had never gone to any big shows or anything; I had gone once to an upscale strip club and quickly ran though a couple of hundred dollars on the good-looking and well toned dancers there. But no big adventures, no one-night anything; just a good time and some decent luck at the tables.

Today was a light meeting schedule, so I was taking advantage of some extra gym time. I was midway into my routine when a woman I had noticed earlier caught my eye; she was very pretty, light blonde hair, lovely blue eyes and an awesome athletic figure – tight, toned, tan – very nice altogether. She was watching me lift which made me feel a little self-conscious but wanting to push a touch more weight. Our eyes met and she smiled, but then she looked away and moved towards a guy in another part of the gym. Oh well, I thought, and kept going.

A few minutes later she was back, this time closer. I was in the middle of a lift, and she waited until I was done and came over and introduced herself. Her name was Amy, and she was there for a couple of weeks with her husband. They were vacationing there and enjoying the party atmosphere; they had been there ten days and had seen a lot of shows and spent some money at the casinos. 

We chatted for a bit, all the while I was trying not to stare at her in that tight spandex top. Her breasts were small and hard with her nipples clearly visible pushing up on the fabric of the top. On top of being beautiful, she seemed very nice and for some reason mentioned that she and her husband were a very open couple. I didn't really understand that, it must have shown on my face when she smiled again and invited me to join them for dinner that night. I had no plans, she was very friendly and I figured why not. 

Before going out, I took some extra time washing up and getting dressed – it was very tempting to stroke myself in the shower thinking about Amy, about holding her tight and taking off that spandex top. My cock grew just thinking about it, but I held off, thinking that I could spend the evening with them and take care of that later. 

I left the room in a nice Brooks Brothers shirt, slacks, and some Italian loafers picked up on my last trip to New York. I was getting a restaurant recommendation from the concierge in the lobby when Amy appeared in a magnificent evening dress – all blue sequins, with bare shoulders and a plunging back – her hair was down and she was quite the vision. I could not help but to smile taking it all in, and she appeared to appreciate the compliment. She came up and greeted me with a kiss to the cheek and said we could go ahead, her husband was not coming to dinner. I was a little confused but happy to have her on my arm as we left for dinner. 

We took a taxi and went to an intimate restaurant, getting a booth in the back. Amy was very friendly without being overly talkative; she was good conversation and had a tendency to lean closely to me and touch when sharing something. I could not help but to be charmed with her and she seemed to be enjoying herself. We started talking about our lives and she began talking about her and her husband. 

To this point we had been very casual, just small talk, but then she slid over to me, put her hand on mine and said she wanted to tell me something. Naturally I told her to go ahead. She leaned so close I could smell her hair, her subtle perfume, and was having a hard time concentrating on her words. She said she and her husband Mark had shared some amazing things together – travel, outdoor adventures – but there were other things they wanted to share as well. Amy looked at my eyes as she said during the last week they had lived out one of her husband's fantasies – they had invited another woman into their bedroom and shared her for the evening. 

Amy told me this with her face inches from mine, her eyes big and her hand touching mine. I started to understand something as she went on. Amy said it was one of the most magnificent experiences of their lives, that they both had re-lived it again and again over the last couple of nights. She stopped for a moment to gauge my reaction. I was incredibly turned on at the thought of this beautiful woman going down on another woman, and told her so. I went on and told her I hoped the other girl tasted good, because I was sure Amy would taste good to her. Amy smiled, dropped her hand to my leg, and looked at me very directly. 

She said, "It was the best sex I've ever had. It opened my eyes to the way sex can be. I've never come so hard or so many times." She leaned in so that her lips were barely touching my ear. "And now that we've lived out Mark's fantasy, it's my turn." 

With this, she moved in and kissed me full on the lips. Her mouth was warm and wet and as I started to return the kiss her hand moved up my leg and gently rested on top of my growing cock. 

She pulled back and said, "I saw you in the gym two days ago. I showed you to Mark and said 'He's the one.' Mark agreed and said I could talk to you about it." 

I was turned on, flattered, and hoping she would not remove her hand from my now hard cock. I wrapped her in my free arm, told her I thought she was beautiful and asked directly what they had in mind. She started a slow, teasing stoking motion on me, hidden under the table.  

"It's a little kinky," she said. She hesitated, then: "Maybe a lot kinky. I've always thought Mark is secretly bisexual. This time it's my turn to live out my fantasy, and that is to share a man between Mark and me." 

She looked a little anxiously at me, wanting to know if I was still alright. 

In my life, I've never been with another guy. It's always been with a girl – and on a couple of occasions, two girls. But to be honest, I have to admit to fantasizing about being with a couple. I've often come by my hand, stroking it fast until I squirted all over my hard stomach, thinking about being taken by two people at the same time. Here was this opportunity with this magnificent woman, asking if I was OK with it. 

I told her, "Honestly, I have never been with another guy, but have fantasized about it..." Looking at her, I wanted to kiss those lips again. My body reacted to the idea, I made a leap and said, "So long as I can have some more of you..." leaned in, and kissed her long and hard. 

Amy responded by kissing back, opening her mouth and letting our tongues touch; her hand reflexively tightened on my cock and my hips moved in response. We needed to get to a room quickly. But before I could stand, she put her hand on my arm and asked me to stop for a second. 

"Wait – there's more. This part may be hard for you." She looked at me earnestly. "I need to add something – something that might make you uncomfortable. Something I have thought about for years."  I stopped and waited to hear the rest; I felt a faint touch of anxiety start to run through me. 

She said, "I have always wanted to have a man with us... but somehow anonymously. To share him with Mark, but for Mark and me to be in total control. For us to completely..." She was seeking words. "Have him."  

She looked up at me and in a rush, spilled out what must have been hidden within her for years. "I want to blindfold you, bring you into our bed and for both of us to fuck your brains out." 

The words, the thought, brought back to me my fantasy of being with a couple. The idea of being there, of things asked of me, of having my body used for pleasure... I could not help but smile at her. I leaned over, pressed my lips to her ear and said, "Let's go."  She thrilled, kissed me, and we left.

In the taxi on the way back, I was all over her. I pulled her to me and she went weak in my arms as I kissed her, pulled down that dress and began to suck on those perfect breasts. Her nipples hardened instantly in my mouth and she told me breathlessly that she was very sensitive there. Her eyes rolled back as I rolled her nipples around with my tongue; I grabbed her hair, pulled her head back gently and pulled her body to me as I sucked harder upon her and she made a sharp noise in her throat, her body convulsing against me. She pulled my head up and kissed me with all she had, pulling my tongue into her mouth. 

We were at the hotel quickly, and I paid the smiling driver. We ran through the lobby, and caught up in the elevator – this time she pushed me against the wall and ground her pussy into my cock, all the while shoving her tongue into my mouth. Her hands held me and I was surprised at the strength she possessed in those slender arms. We went to the top floor and she pulled me by the hand towards their suite. She unlocked the door and we went into the foyer. There were no lights on beyond. Amy turned to me and asked me to stay right there. 

"Don't move and don't worry – we are going to make you feel really, really good tonight." She kissed me again and ran off into the darkness. I was left there alone. 

From the foyer, across the darkened living area, the lights of the city were visible going off into the distance. I heard soft music coming from somewhere. Amy came back in a rush, her face glowing and something in her hands. 

"Everything is perfect," she said. "We are going to completely take care of you." 

With that, she came up close to me and moved behind me. Suddenly her hands were over my eyes, and she placed a blindfold there. She held my arm for a moment – I felt that she was looking at me, watching me. My body reacted in a way I never expected – I shivered, a thrill running down my back as I realized I was coming into her power, that she was directing things from here on. And that only increased as I felt another hand on my other arm – her husband.

Until now this had been an exciting game, but here the reality of another man hit me. I was blindfolded, in a strange room with a couple. Someone started unbuttoning my shirt. Amy – I could smell her hair. Her soft fingers explored and moved down my chest as she undid each one. 

She purred whispered words as she went along – "look at his beautiful chest... how strong he is... and he's ours tonight..." 

She went down to my belt and stopped. Hands pulled my shirt down from my shoulders and ran over my bare skin... large hands, stronger than Amy's, somehow more demanding. They moved to my chest, ran across my muscles, stopped and pulled on my nipples. I gasped. I heard Amy giggle. My shirt was pulled from my slacks and taken off of me; her soft hand took mine and led me from the foyer. I had no idea where we were going. Another pair held and guided my hips as we walked. Mark must be walking behind us, his hands on me. I heard my shoes go from marble tile to soft carpet, feeling that change as we walked deeper into their room. 

We stopped. I was turned by the hands on my hips. Music was playing, I could smell vanilla. Someone was pulling at my belt, someone was taking off my shoes. Without warning, my slacks were pulled open and my cock – so long waiting for release – sprang out. 

"Ahhh..." said Amy. "It's beautiful." 

I felt her hands upon me, wrapping around my straining cock, and she began milking it slowly, up and down. I moaned, my head leaning back. My slacks were being pulled down and off, hands ran up my bare legs and back to my hips. My cock was being slowly milked, her hands squeezing at the bottom, pulling up, doing it again. Hands on my hips started moving around- exploring my body. Running over my back, along my sides, centering on my ass. I felt him come closer up behind me and his hands started kneading my ass, squeezing each side. One hand went between my legs and pushed them slightly apart. I made a low sound. I heard Amy move as the hand between my legs went up between the cheeks of my ass, felt my ass spread and fingers explore my anus. 

Amy whispered, "Do you want that?"  A low "yes..." came in return. I was turned abruptly. My cock was being held up. 

"Do you want this, too?" 

"Yes..." 

"Come here then." 

Movement around me and I was pushed back. A bed struck my knees from behind and I was gently pushed down and back upon it, laid flat upon it, my legs dangling over the edge. My cock was held up and a wet mouth touched it, enveloped it, slid down upon it. I was no longer in control of my voice, I was softly moaning, aching at every touch. I felt the bed move around me. Another mouth started on my stomach, moving down towards my cock. They both left me for a moment and I heard a deep kiss, then both came back. They shared my cock between them, each kissing, licking, sucking it in turns. One hand wrapped around the base and held it firmly as they increased their intensity. 

Then Amy said, "Now – I want him in me. Now." 

She moved across me and I felt her wet pussy stroke against my cock once before she pushed it inside her and slid down. All that wetness from sucking allowed it to slide in fully on the first stroke and she made a wonderful sound as she ground it deeper into her. She pulled my hands up to hold her breasts as she rode me and I heard sucking sounds above me – Mark must have put his cock in her mouth. 

Amy rode hard and fast, her sounds becoming louder and louder until she pulled Mark from her mouth and screamed once, her pussy contracting hard on me, I could feel her womb brush down against the tip of my cock. 

"Oh, fuck yes..." she said, grinding against me, riding it out. "Oh God... That was incredible. He's perfect." I felt her lean down and kiss me, lingering, pulling my lips into her mouth. "Mmmmm..." she moaned. "Very nice." A pause. "Now let's get Mark to come." 

Amy pulled me so I was sitting up with her still in my lap. We were tummy to tummy and she lay an arm across my shoulder and around my neck. I heard a slurping sound, and thought she had pulled Mark into her mouth again. She moved her head and kissed me hard, then moved back to sucking Mark. She did this again, moving between us.  Each time she kissed me, she ground her pussy harder on my cock, making me lightheaded. She went back and forth, between sucking Mark's cock and kissing me, faster between the two of us, she started sharing kissing and sucking almost at the same time, her mouth more wet and urgent each time. I could taste something new on her tongue, a sweet salty taste and knew that it was from Mark's cock, his pre-come. She kissed me again and held my head still with her arm and I felt something else warm against my lips, soft and velvety. 

It pushed in slightly, my lips letting it in, and heard Amy whisper into my ear, "yes... kiss it. Kiss it. Taste him. Open your mouth wide..." while it pushed deeper into my mouth. 

Amy ground hard on me, rewarding me for pleasing her husband. She moved my hand up to hold his shaft, moving it in a stroking motion. I wrapped my fingers around it and brought it deeper into my mouth, opening wide, keeping my lips tight, milking it in the way I love women to do to me. I stroked the underside with my tongue and tightened my hand on his shaft, starting to pull it harder. 

Mark started sawing his cock in and out of my mouth and moaning loudly. Amy was encouraging me on, telling me to suck harder or stroke harder, all the while grinding her wet pussy on my cock. I was getting close and could feel Mark's cock get bigger and bigger and I knew he was about to come. Amy knew it too and was nearly frantic, telling him to come in my mouth, me to come in her pussy, to make me taste him, to make me fill her wet pussy. 

Then I felt a warm squirt in my mouth and Mark started coming and moaning loud and squirting splash after splash into my mouth as I milked his cock for all he had. He filled my mouth with come, moaning how good it felt in there. It tasted salty and slightly bitter and I held it in my mouth as he finished when suddenly Amy held my face between her hands and kissed me more deeply than she ever had before. Her tongue was everywhere and I realized she wanted to share Mark's come, so I gave it to her with my tongue. 

As she greedily swallowed it I went over the edge and started pumping come into her with all my body. She kept kissing me, making more urgent noises, her tongue running along every part of my mouth, taking all of Mark's come into her own while I was filling her pussy with my come. 

I pumped her pussy with my cock and her mouth with Mark's come and she reared back and screamed "Aahh! God!!!" and came all over me, her body out of control, her thighs quivering uncontrollably as her body was racked by waves of pleasure. She pushed down on me with all her weight, wanting me as deeply into her as I could go, pushing down on me and riding me like a bucking horse.

We nearly collapsed then, Amy and I falling back onto the bed, Mark alongside. I could taste Mark's come in my mouth and feel Amy's wetness on my cock, cool in the air. Amy giggled and Mark chuckled and they talked in quiet tones on how good that was. I was still blindfolded and reached up to take it off when Amy stopped me and told me to just relax – they were not done with me yet. 

Laying there, warm and feeling very much like I was in the middle of a dream, someone rolled me over onto my stomach and started to rub my back. It felt very nice, and I made appreciative noises when a second set of hands joined in. Someone started kissing my back, lightly moving their lips up and down over my skin and that gave me goose bumps all over. Then one bit me lightly, startling me, before moving on with more kisses and strokes. I sighed. Once in a while one or the other would bite, gently, but enough to send shivers all though me. The hands spread my legs and started caressing between my thighs and that caused an electric thrill to run straight up my spine. One pair spread my ass apart and held me that way – I felt like I was opened up, completely exposed, with nothing hidden. 

Amy whispered, "You want that, don't you."  "Yes," Mark replied, his voice low with desire. 

She moved up to my ear. "Do you want that too?"

"Yes." It was all I could say. 

"Tonight is the night," she said. I felt movement on the bed while whoever was holding me open started to run fingers down the seam of my ass, tickling my anus, making circles around the most sensitive part. My whole body was tensed and I felt every touch, every brush, every breath on my skin. My cock was hard again beneath me and I pressed it against the covers. Movement on the bed and I felt a shock as something cold and wet was dripped onto my anus. Fingers started rubbing it in, thick and well. I could not stop the moans that came from my throat. This was a different kind of desire, not one of taking, but one of being taken. 

A finger began pushing inside me and I tensed – it hurt, not much, but it was a shock. Amy lay down beside me and began stroking my back, my shoulders, my arms. 

"Shhhh..." she began. "Just relax. Let it happen." 

As she talked, the finger went out and returned, this time thick with more lotion, pushing farther inside. I moaned loud, my legs opening, my hips bucking spontaneously to allow better access. 

"You like that," she whispered. "You want more, don't you." 

It wasn't a question – she knew. She was stroking my hair, cooing softly in my ear as another finger joined the first. I was only desire at that point, only animal feelings as the fingers inside me started moving in and out, then pushing against the sides of me deep inside, then in and out again. 

"Is he ready?" she asked. 

"Yes," was Mark's reply. 

I wasn't sure I was, but it was too late – the bed shifted under his weight and I felt the warm soft tip of his cock push against me. He circled it gently, letting me get used to it before pushing. I felt the pressure, then my body opening and he slid the tip in. I cried out – it was far bigger than I expected. 
