 My first effort. Although clearly me remembering something, I chose to write in the present tense.

Goddess Worship

It is evening. The bonfire is just lit. My cape flutters slowly in the gentle breeze. I am completely naked beneath it. Indeed it is the only clothing allowable at this Gathering. It has a fastener at the top and that is it. It is meant to be more groundsheet than any attempt at concealing my body.

The forest is dark. The night is cool and clear.

I am at a Pagan fertility rite. 

I look at the Priestess with a critical eye. Here is 170 cm and 65 kg of toned, dark sexual appetite with firm D cups and a round arse that practically begs for someone's hands to grab and squeeze it. Her white robe is open. Her areola chocolate coloured. There is no hint of pubic hair between her thighs. Distracting. She has a reputation for simply being insatiable when it comes to sex. Rumour has it that this Priestess has wandered Gatherings with semen running down her legs demanding to be fucked. I have seen her sucking on sleeping men in an attempt to get them hard enough to fuck. Apparently not even the unconscious are safe. 

I know my wife is close by. We were here to worship the Goddess without inhibition and without restraint. We are toned. There is the hint of muscle definition in both of us. My wife has pert C cups and a light chocolate coloured complexion courtesy of her Cambodian-Chinese ancestors. I am tall and solidly built with a thick 15 cm cock and a large appetite. Both of us enjoy fucking and worshipping The Goddess is simply an excuse to indulge. 

Around me is every shade of human being ranging from almost ebony to porcelain. The bodies fortunately are of the toned variety. I know from previous gatherings that the full gamut of sexuality is here as well. This is not a place for either the modest nor the narrow minded.

I move closer to get a better look at the fucking machine that is the Priestess.

I look around. Some are beginning to worship before being told to. I see my wife is one of those. Her cape is open. Someone is fondling her tits. She has her eyes shut and is slowly stroking his cock. She moans softly. The cock she is stroking is hard and white, it is also quite large...just her sort. Someone comes up to her begins to kiss her pert nipples. She opens her legs. He slips between them. She then wraps her legs around him and pulls him into her crotch. There is only one place for him to go. I can see by the expression on her face that he has done just that. Very slowly she begins to rock her crotch back and forth. She is being held by both men. Very slowly she is fucking the guy in front of her. 

Beside me

In front of me is what looks like a Tamil woman judging by the colour of her hair and her profile against the now roaring bonfire. Mmmm! Chocolate coloured B cups, pert and awake nipples as well. Whoever said patience was a virtue never had a place like this in mind.

There is one last exhortation from the Priestess, a demand that we basically fuck without inhibition and without restraint. We are here to fuck ourselves to exhaustion. 

With this the Priestess lays on her back, spreads her legs and tells the nearest male to fuck her. He is already hard from simply watching her give the dedication. He is also very quick to oblige. Within a minute his cock is slipping between her pussy lips.

I am the second male to make it to the Tamil girl. Already she has an arm around another Indian, her left hand is stroking his cock which is looking decidedly large and awake. Never mind, I come in from behind. I kiss her and slip my hands around to her navel. Fuck it! Let the other guy play with her tits, I want the sweet, wetness that I know awaits me as my hand glides lower. A meal is being made of the B cups. My right hand reaches her tangle of pubic hair. I slip it between her legs and between her pussy lips. Her clit has already come out to play. I rub this large, pink button of joy. She moans. I extract my finger and give it a lick. Pussy juice, sweet pussy juice. 

She bends over and begins to run her tongue around the knob of the Indian who has been fondling her tits. Her left hand is still stroking him. She opens her mouth and begins to slip his cock between her lips. His dark uncut cock is slowly disappearing into her mouth.

I crouch down and slip my tongue between her arse cheeks and momentarily touch her anus. She jumps and gives a muffled squeak. He nearly dies as she suddenly bites down. I slip my tongue between her labia and slowly lick. Her pussy is pushed into my face. A reasonable sign that she thinks this is good. I suck her right labia into my mouth and run my tongue over it. Again the Indian guy is nearly convinced this girl is a cannibal with an appetite. 

She slips his cock out of her mouth in order to take a breath

I slip her clitoris into my mouth and simultaneously suck and run my tongue over it. He is relieved to still have the top two thirds of his cock still attached to him. I suck and run the tip of my tongue over the end of her clit. My nose grows damp. I wiggle it into her now quite wet pussy. More moaning, more need to support this girl. Good thing I have both self control and upper body strength.

I stand up.

Near me my wife is worshipping with at least two men. Quite vocal in repeating the Priestesses demand that we fuck she is. I see the African who is fucking her doggy suddenly hilt himself, shudder and gasp. He holds himself hard against her arse. Clearly this guy is making a large donation to The Goddess. She attacks the cock in her face with renewed vigour. He doesn't last either. My wife the careful woman that she is, doesn't allow a drop to escape. With him empty she licks her lips. Mr Doggy has left and for a moment I can see cum leaking out of my wife.    

   Barely warmed up she lays on her back and spreads her legs. Hairy, wet cunt glistens in the firelight. She begins to masturbate, but not for long. Cunt is prized real estate at this Gathering. A Westerner stands before her. She closes her eyes and points at her cunt. He gets the message. He slips between her knees. I see him slip into her. No need for taking it gently now and apparently she tells him this. Some vigorous fucking ensues.

  I return to my weak kneed Tamil. My cock is at her pussy lips. I decide to tease. My cock slips the barest millimetre of my knob inside her. I bump against her sopping wet pussy. This lasts less than a minute as she cries out in frustration and shoves her arse suddenly into my crotch hilting me in the process. I am inside a sopping wet, tight, chocolate coloured pussy. I am in heaven.

I'm not the only one. Opening my eyes I can see enthusiastic worship taking place.

The Priestess is having someone splash cum all over her tits. She looks disappointed until a blond begins to lick it off.

Immediately behind her I can see a Gay oral threesome taking place. I always wondered whether it would be either a circle or a triangle. Triangles are interesting, but not my thing. 

I slip myself in and out of my Tamil. Slick, tight and moaning. I build speed. I can feel wetness in my crotch. Damn this feels good!  

She begins moaning, softly at first, then with increasing volume.

I am hilting myself in her. It feels like someone has been raining in my crotch. An exquisitely pleasurable rain. My hands are on her hips and I am hilting myself with an almost total abandon. Almost total. My Tamil is vocally enjoying herself. She likes being fucked from behind and repeatedly tells me so. 

The Indian guy grunts and cums. This girl isn't much into swallowing. Warm cum splashes across her tits. 

I hear a shout of mixed surprise and fear. The Priestess has just given a guy the surprise of his life. I thought everyone knew that this girl had amazing pelvic floor muscles. He has hilted himself in her and when he's gone to slip out for another plunge has found his cock in a vice like grip. She then ripples her cunt muscles up and down his cock milking it. He tries to get out. Apparently he's made the mistake of telling her to fuck him like the bitch in heat he knows she is. So this is exactly what she is doing. Trust me. This guy has his cock in a cunt that has suddenly gone very tight and is now rippling up and down his shaft. Her control is simply amazing. She is quite literally milking him. She rolls him onto his back and without moving her hips brings this guy off. He is gasping, sweating, moaning and utterly unbelieving that she is doing this. If he's lucky she'll just make him cum once, if he isn't she will do this until his balls are empty and he is literally screaming for her to let him go...just like bitches do to dogs.

My Tamil erupts into a noisy orgasm and goes limp. I want to enjoy myself this evening, and whilst I'm a four or five times a night man, it seems a shame to not explore before I make a donation. I gently let my Tamil sag to the grass. Other bodies beckon. 

Worship is happening all around me. Two women seem to be having some sort of contest. One is a Latina with the honey brown complexion of the mixed race South Americans. They other woman is a blond. Both are well padded and completely fuckable. They are flat on their backs and there seems to be a queue of men. They are having a contest to see who can fuck twenty men the quickest. The blond wins. The Latina beside her seems a little disappointed. She's disappointed for about a minute. She gets up to walk away and is promptly grabbed by no less than half a dozen men and carried of for presumably some consoling. She needs serious consoling and is already stroking a very large cock in order to get it. 

I decide that I need some cunt.

There is a D cupped Latina who is currently being fucked up the arse. Her hairy cunt is open and dribbling cum. Her eyes are closed and she is taking 15 cm of cock straight up the arse.

Remembering the condition of being here I slip myself between her legs. Surprised at feeling a cock slipping into her she opens her eyes. I hilt myself with one lunge. I can feel the other guy. I want exercise. I hold myself off her with my arms and bring my feet together...think of doing push ups. My only contact with her would be through my cock. I love fucking this way, there is only one slight problem...I have trouble controlling orgasm.

I plunge into the Latina. She looks me in the eye. I fuck her hard, fast and with a determination. The other guy has decided to match me stroke for stroke. This girl is being fucked that hard that her tits are wobbling nicely and it's a wonder that her ears aren't beginning to rattle. She loses it completely. There are a lot of words coming out of her mouth, just none of them are either intelligible or coherent. 

I grunt and make eye contact with her for the next minute, my eyes never break contact with hers. I feel my cum pooling in my cock. I try to hold off cumming. My cock is plunging in and out of her. I hilt myself into her cunt which is a spasming, sopping wet gash. I can feel her arse rhythmically tightening around the other guys cock. My cum erupts. My cock jerks. I feel my balls empty. The other guy makes a completely unintelligible noise and I feel his cock dancing in her arse as he delivers a load. I collapse to the grass a panting wreck. She collapses onto her analist. 

I lay, I struggle for breath. My cock is now limp and covered in cum. My wife walks by. I see cum running down her legs. She is tackled by two guys, they almost fall on top of me. With a grunt the chief tackler rolls her onto her back and begins to fuck her. She makes eye contact with me as this guy fucks her missionary style. I simply shove my cock into her face. She licks me clean and then keeps sucking on my cock. I can see the wetness on the cock of the guy fucking her. I get very hard, very quickly. This guy is a ten second wonder and is suddenly depositing a load into my wife. She is disappointed...until the second guy begins fucking her slowly with a truly large cock.

I find that there is an African not far from me. I have always wanted to fuck an African.

I can see D cups. I can see black areola. Her mouth is open as she is most comprehensively fucked doggy style. I make eye contact and then put my now clean cock in her face. She wraps her lips around it and begins to suck. Slowly she slips my cock deeper into her mouth. I want to hilt myself and to fuck her mouth. I wonder if she deep throats. My cock keeps disappearing down her throat. I feel lips wrap around the base of my cock...I'm in heaven. 

To be continued