 It was Friday night at seven o'clock. I walked into Tabouli's Restaurant to be greeted by the owner Nancy.

"Good Evening Les. It is great to see you." Nancy said as she reached up to give me a quick hug of welcome. "Jack and Jen are waiting for you."

Nancy led me back to our table as we caught up with each other. We came around the corner to where everyone was seated. Jack jumped up to greet me. He nearly knocked the table over getting up to see me. Jen also came around the table to give me a hug.

We all sat back down. I was not sure if Jen had told Jack about our meeting in the back seat of the van. We talked and caught up as if nothing had ever happened. 

I wanted to tell Jack the dirty details about my trip to Boston but decided it would have to wait for now.

Nancy ordered for us. She knew our tastes and always had her chef make something special for us. She came back to the table with a bottle of wine and a platter covered with baked stuffed mushrooms. We ate and talked until our entrees arrived. We always share platters and Nancy knew this.

Half way thru dinner Jack finally broke the underlying tension. "Les, Jen and I are worried about you. We have wanted to ask you for something but you have not been ready yet."

I downed my glass of wine and all the color flushed from my face. Jack must know his wife gave me the most incredible blow job in the back of that van.

Jack laughed. "You do not need to worry Les."

Jen got up and moved her seat next to me. "Les, Jack and I want to further our relationship with you. We want to spend more time with you. We want you to help us all fulfill some needs."

Jack piped in "We are not sure where to start. We want you to be comfortable so do not hesitate to say no. It will not affect our friendship at all."

I looked at Jack and replied "Jen has made me feel comfortable lately, far more than you know. What do you have in mind?"

"Jack knows all about what happened in the van. He is the one who suggested it." Jen chimed in.

I looked to Jack and he shook his head in agreement.

"You know Charlotte Stone?" Jack questioned.

"Of course. She spends a lot of time with you guys. Isn't her husband a Doctor or something?" I questioned.

"Yes, he is. He has gotten into some strange at work and pretty well left Charlotte to fend for herself. About five years ago she came crying to us that her husband would only demand her to give him a blow job while he wore a condom. He said he did not want to have any risks of anything." Jack confessed. "Well, since we knew she was clean and Jen was curious, we invited her into our bedroom."

My eyes must have given away my shock.

"We did this for some time, but I decided I really prefer cock over pussy." Jen revealed. "We all continue to have fun together, but have wanted to find someone for me as well. I want you."

I shook my head. I could not believe my ears. My best friend and his wife have just invited me into their bed? This could not be true.

Jen continued. "We know you have only been with Kathy. We know you are clean. We know there is no risk of pregnancy since you got your vasectomy. We know you need some release to get out of this slump you are in."

"Well, there is one thing you do not know about." I interrupted.

"Yes Les, who was she in Boston? I could taste her on you in the van. While I love cock, it can taste even greater when it is covered in another woman." Jen scolded teasingly.

I gave the brief story of what happened. Jen offered to have her join us the next time she was in town as she wanted to meet this great tasting woman. I was embarrassed. I had not had sex in over two years. I had only been with one woman. Inside of one week I had an unexpected encounter with an old friend, a fling with my best friends' wife which really was not a fling, and have been invited to join three people in bed. My sexuality was waking up.

Nancy brought another bottle of wine and cleared the table. She asked us to hold on while desert was being made.

As Nancy left, Jack said "So, can you Les?"

I looked to Jen. Then back at Jack. "Yes my friends. But I warn you, I have never done anything like this before."

"Great! Let's light up the town with this adventure guys!" Jen screamed with glee.

Nancy came around the corner with three flaming deserts. "What ever you guys are celebrating, I hope this helps." Nancy said with a laugh.

After dinner Jack invited me back to their place for a night cap. I agreed. Jen took their car, and Jack and I drove together in my car. Jack reassured me that this arrangement was fine with him. He did lay down some rules. Any activity is to be together. If alone, it is to be with the consent of all prior to hooking up. Keep clean. And Jen and Jack will always remain the couple. I agreed.

We arrived at their house. Jen went to the bar to fix some drinks. I headed off for the bathroom. Upon my return I was greeted to a sight which I did not know how to respond.

Jen was naked. She was leaning over Jack who was sitting on the couch. I could see her sucking his cock as I viewed her from behind. It reminded me of watching Cindy play with that gay mans cock on the beach. 

Jen was shaved smooth. Her petite hips and muscular legs looked stunning. I could see her breasts clinging below her as she stood over Jacks cock using both hands and her mouth to please him. He too was clean shaven. 

Jack acknowledged my return to the room and told me to join. 

Jen looked up from her sucking and said "All this talk about sex, I could not wait. Besides, I can not stop thinking about your cock since the van." She then returned to Jacks dick.

"Your drink is on the end table. Come sit next to me on the couch" Jack invited. 

I nervously picked up my drink and sat down next to my friend where he sat naked from the waist down. His beautiful wife making love to his huge cock. It is slightly bigger than mine. Maybe it looked like this due to the lack of hair on it. 

Jens skin was smooth. Her petite breasts seemed firm against her chest. Her nipples looked like gum drops. I looked further to see her tight abdomen and smooth genitals. She had moisture running down her legs already.

Jen could see me inspecting her. She stopped her sucking again for a moment. "I want you to fuck me while I keep sucking. But first, I want to see you undress for me."

I stood. Without loosing eye contact with Jen I unbuckled my pants and slid them off and to the floor. My cock stood up at the exposure. Jen kept sucking Jack, watching me intently the entire time. Then I pulled off my shirt and walked behind Jen.

I grabbed her hips and rested my cock above her anus. I smelled her sweetness.  My fingers gripped her hips. I moved my hips to allow my cock to rub against her moist opening. Jen wiggled her hips back to take me without hesitation. I watched as the head of my cock slowly parted her pussy lips. It was engulfed in her sex. As she pulled forward, I could see the trail of wetness on my hard cock.

I plunged back in. This time much deeper. I could hear her moan at my thrust. Jack looked up and smiled.

"Oh babe. That is great." Jack purred as he caressed her head.

I pulled back and slammed into Jen with my return thrust. I could see where my fingers blanched her hips as I grabbed her.

I could feel Jen's tight ass as I grabbed her and kept pulling her onto me. As I was closing my eyes and really getting into the feel of her tight pussy around my swollen member I heard Jack moan. I looked down to see him unload into Jen's awaiting lips. She licked and milked him clean.

I had to stop and watch Jen while she cleaned Jack. As I stood there motionless I became aware of her pulsing vaginal muscles, begging for more. She was producing a lot of juices too which were running down both of our legs. My pubic hair was matted with her essence.

As Jen finished cleaning Jack she pulled herself off of me. She stood and turned to face me. Placing one hand on either side of my face she looked me deeply in my eyes. She pulled my face toward her and kissed me deeply as she breathed in. It was as if she was sucking my inner being into her. I did not even notice the taste of Jack in her mouth.

While we stood kissing Jen stepped up on her toes. Without using her hands, just her body movement, she positioned herself up onto my swollen cock. I could feel the head of my cock slide around her hairless Mons. In one move she impaled herself onto me. I could hear her juices as she came down on me in one smooth movement.

Moving her arms from around my face down to my shoulders, Jen lifted one leg and wrapped it around my waist, hooking her heal behind my knee. Then the other leg lifted similarly. I was supporting her entire weight as she used her powerful legs to move herself up and down on my body. It was like a full body fuck connected seemingly entirely on my stiff and throbbing cock. 

I moved my hands down over her ass, one cheek in each hand, supporting her as she squeezed up and down on me. I could feel the muscles in her ass squeeze together as she rode me. I grabbed on to help support her weight.

I could feel the sweat pouring off of us between our bodies. Her hard nipples pressed into my chest, sliding across my chest tantalizing me more with each movement. My balls tickled as the combination of love juices combined with our sweat and dripped off my ball hairs.

I leaned back to balance our combined weight. I tightened my grip on her ass while I closed my eyes to enjoy this erotic experience. As I tightened my grip I could feel my index finger push into her anus, bringing more squeals with each thrust.

Jens' contractions became more intentional. I could feel her entire body squeeze as the tip of my cock hit the bottom of her cervix with each progressive stroke. Her body tensed and she leaned back. She began to squeeze and hold her breath as she orgasmed. At the same time, she squirted fluid out and down our bodies. As she began to flow I too leaned back and began to release into her. I could feel my balls locked below her pelvis as she pulled herself down onto me as far as she could. 

We embraced as we breathed heavily following our mutual orgasms. Jen began to kiss me again and thank me. As she was kissing my neck we realized she was still leg locked around me. She released me as she stood up. 

"Stand still Les. I want to feel you get soft in me. Then I will let you go." Jen purred into my ear.

We stood there feeling my cock get softer. She milked me with her vaginal muscles as I relaxed and slowly retreated. Then thanks in part to the excessive moisture, my cock began to slide quickly out. It felt as if I was getting hard again but I was in fact beginning to come out of Jen. We heard a pop as my head was released from its velvety bonds.

As we stood holding each other in our post orgasmic bliss, we heard Jacks voice. He was still sitting on the couch behind us.

"Wow, what a show you two put on. I was not expecting that! You better get cleaned up." Jack said with a sound of surprise in his voice.

"I will just go home." I said absently as I noticed I was covered in goo from head to toe.

"Do not be silly Les. It is Friday night. No work tomorrow. Why don't you just sleep in our bed tonight?" Jen said as she toweled herself clean in the living room.

Too tired to put up a fight, I agreed. I went up to the shower room to bathe. Then I crawled in bed, naked as usual. As I quickly fell asleep, I could not help but wonder what morning would bring.

I had fallen asleep without even remembering where I was. I was slowly waking up in my friends' bed. This was not unusual as I often stayed at their house. If not in the guest room, I slept in theirs if they were out of town.

I laid on my side. I was snuggled in the down comforter and had my head buried into the pillow. As I lay in bed, I could smell coffee brewing and the muffled voices of my friends. My early morning hard on was aching to be scratched as I reclined debating when to get up. 

The decision to wake up was made for me. I was awake enough to notice a movement in the bed. Then I could feel a hand and warm liquid on my morning wood. I lifted my head to see Jen backing that tight ass of hers onto my cock. She had her ass lubed up and was starting to stroke my cock as she laid the tip next to her pretty brown button.

Shocked, I sat up. Once my head was above the pillows, I could see Jack waiting for Jen to be ready so he could also have sex with her.

"Sorry big boy. I could not let this morning pleasure go wasted. I enjoyed last night so much, I could not wait any longer for you. You boys are going to have me as a sandwich for breakfast. " Jen cooed as she turned her head to look at me.

Who was I to argue? 

Jen wiggled her ass some more and began to push my cock into her waiting ass. At some point, she had slipped a condom onto me which was lubricated. She also added extra lube as she slowly introduced me to her anus.

In what seemed like a minute, she had me fully up and into her rectum. She added a little more lube so we would both be comfortable.

Jack then moved forward to enter her pussy. The position was awkward.

"Les, honey. Please roll onto your back. It will be easier." Jen ordered. I complied and pulled out of her as I rolled onto my back.

Jen then stood up, straddled me with her back still facing me. She then squatted, placing my cock back into her anus as she lowered herself back down.

With a few wiggles, she then laid down on top of me. I reached my arms around her and began to play with her firm breasts. 

Jack then got up and positioned himself between Jens' legs. As he entered her, I could feel his balls slap against mine. I could tell they were smooth against my hairy balls.

Jack began to thrust. With each movement, I could feel his cock head move up inside Jens vagina. I could feel it through the walls of her rectum. It was bizarre to feel my best friends cock against mine, but I was OK with it as we were both inside his wife.

Jen began to moan and toss her head from side to side. Her hair was in my face as I tried to hold her to me.

I then felt Jacks balls tighten up as he began to explode into his wife.

At the same time, Jen pushed herself down onto me. She came at the same time.

I also began to cum deep into Jen. This was a new experience for me. And I rather enjoyed it.

Jack got up. Jen rolled off of me. She then leaned over to kiss me on the cheek.

"Hope you do not mind the wake up call. You just felt too good to go to waste." Jen said as she stood up. In one swift move, she was up, had her robe on and was heading out the door to get some coffee.

I got up slowly. I removed the condom from my now deflated cock and headed for the bathroom. There I found a robe which I put on and followed my hosts down to the kitchen.

It looked like any normal Saturday morning with my friends. We drank coffee, read the paper and joked while we all made breakfast together. The only difference was that we had all been fucking earlier.

Jen looked up from her paper. She offered me a refill of coffee. As she was pouring, she said something which shocked me. "If you are going to stay with us, we MUST remove that hair, and not with a razor either."

"What! How else do you do it?" I replied in surprise.

Jen opened her robe. She stood naked in front of me. I could see traces of the mornings events still on her.

"Feel my pussy Les. See how smooth it is? Jack is the same. Cindy takes care of that for us every two months. She sugars us so we can remain smooth." Jen ordered.

I reached out to feel her soft lips. Then she closed her robe. "We can have her do you if you want. I refuse to let you shave it due to the stubble." Continued Jen.

I must admit. Jack and Jen both look great smooth. And I have been curious about how it would feel. We talked some about it. Jack told me how much he loves to eat her now that she is clean, and how much better she tastes. Jen talked about how Jack feels like a giant slip and slide when they make love. We all laughed at the comparisons.

I agreed. I would do it. But only if Jen was with me. Everyone agreed. Jen picked up the phone to call Cindy. After a brief conversation, she ended indicating we would see Cindy this afternoon.