 It had been a long time since I had last seen Alicia. What was it, fifteen years? 

No. Sixteen. Good Gawd A'mighty!

Actually, she looked better than I remembered. Of course, that last time I saw her she was recovering from breast-reduction surgery and wasn't in her best sorts. We were also married to other people then, and it wasn't the best time for me either. I hate winter, and back then it was a dark, wet, and miserably cold winter, too.

But this time, even though it was winter again, it was also south Texas instead of Kentucky, and the sun was shining warmly. Makes all the difference in the world! I was in town to deliver a load of air conditioning equipment, and was seriously out of driving hours for the week when it was over. I made it to the nearest truck stop and "dropped anchor" for the weekend.

It took a few tries with the local phone book before I found her. She shrieked with delight when I told her who this "strange voice from her past" was.

"Jimmy, you were never strange, just perverted!" she exclaimed, then added: "You know how I like that in a man!"

I always did have rather, um…unusual ideas about how to do the horizontal cha-cha, and not all of them were horizontal. That was then, though.

"Where's Esther? Is she with you?"

"Well…you know how it is…"

She did, having been around a couple of times herself. No more needed to be said in that department.

Before long she pulled up to the truck stop in a Camaro with the top down. Let me rephrase that: it was the CAMARO'S top that was down. Her's was up just fine, thank you very much. A convertible coupe was just like her. When I knew her the first time it was a Triumph Spitfire. My ex- reported that she like to ride with her skirt up around her waist and no panties to give truckers a thrill. I wasn't driving trucks in those days, dammit!

Al's hair was a lot longer than before, and I could see that the surgeon had been a great artist. Al always was well proportioned and "statuesque," but top-heavy. Now she was about as perfectly figured as could be imagined, with cleavage no Wonderbra could provide. For that matter, she wasn't wearing a bra, yet her breasts had that gravity-defying thrust of a teenager's. She was wearing a form-fitting long sleeved white bodysuit that set off her perpetual tan, and a tailored white leather jacket and miniskirt. A pair of strippy little high-heeled sandals made her legs look two yards long. I knew I was in trouble. All I wanted was to see an old friend, but seeing this "old friend " was like getting hit by my truck! I was in trouble, but it was too late to turn back.

"Jimmy!!!" she squealed and threw her arms around my neck, pressing that fabulous body of hers against mine and smothering me with kisses.

"Good to see you, Al!" I said with all the warmth I could muster. "Dinner's on me, where we goin'?"

She took my hand and led me back to the car. We talked of old things, old friends, and times that were no more as we drove to a steakhouse and dined. As the Evening wore on I learned that while I had changed tremendously, she was remarkably the same as when we first met in the Seventies. She still painted and sculpted, usually in the nude, and still hung out with the local nudist colony on the beaches and at a few waterholes she knew in the desert. That accounted for her unmarked tan. She had also been into swinging `way back when, but had almost become a nun since breaking up with her last husband. Being bisexual, she had made do with one of her woman friends from the nudists, but she definitely preferred men.

By the time she dragged me to her place she was a little tipsy from the cocktails and wine we had had with dinner. Fortunately, it only made her more charming, if that was possible, but I still insisted on driving. While I enjoy alcohol, it isn't my favorite inebriant, my preferred herb is one of those things that mustn't show up in my urine if I want to keep on driving, so it's "on hiatus" until I retire. Besides, while I enjoy Al's hot sexuality, I'm not really trying to make any moves on her, especially if she's at a disadvantage. I'm not that kind of a guy. I was just there to be with my friend. 

But I could tell Al's fire was hot in her fireplace, even hotter than the one she lit in the fireplace in her living room. She lit candles and turned on the stereo after we walked in, then fixed a shaker of martinis. Clearly, she was trying to make a move on me, and now I knew how a girl must feel when a guy is putting on a "full court press." At least I knew that Al had been, um…fixed some years back, so there wasn't any worry of any "unexpected consequences" to worry about.

"Stop that, Jimmy! You're just here for the friendship, remember?" the voice in my head snapped.

"Yeah, yeah, I hear ya'." I replied. So why am I not resisting any harder than I am?

She returned from the kitchen with the shaker and two glasses on a tray, bending just so to give me a good view of those bodacious wabbos pressing against the thin fabric of her suit. She had left the jacket over the back of the chair by the front door as we came in. She straightened and knelt beside me on the sofa.

She poured a round and we touched glasses. Her eyes never left mine as we drank together.

"I've got to tell you, I was always jealous of Esther because she had you and I didn't. I could tell how much more you loved her than Bill did me. I always wanted a man to love me like that, but never could find one who would."

That's quite a compliment, and I had to pause and smile my appreciation.

"Ultimately useless, alas." I said, in my usual mock-noble way.

"No it's not." She replied. "It wouldn't be useless with me."

She was looking at me with "those" eyes when she said it. Dark eyes, and dark hair. I can't resist dark eyes and dark hair, especially long, dark hair.

"Thanks, babe. It's nice to hear someone else say it."

"It's nice to be called `babe'." She said. "At least by someone who means it like you do." She was still looking at me as she said it.

This is getting too close. Even after several years of driving I've never had a load to here before, and might never get another one. Besides, she's spayed and a—what is it—three-time loser already? I thought to myself savagely, trying to break this spell before things went too far. I didn't want to…to…you know…if I couldn't keep her and have children by her. That's what I had set my sights on, right?

"Look, uh, Al…" I began.

"What?" she replied, leaning forward and stroking my cheek with her hand, and looking even deeper into my eyes than before. Maybe it was because she was so much closer than before, if that was possible. I noticed she was still wearing that same sandalwood musk perfume she used to wear when she and Bill were an item.

What, indeed? I knew I should have an answer that would shut this evening down and take me back to the safety of my truck without hurting her feelings, but I couldn't say a thing. Al was a spectacularly beautiful woman, with one of the sexiest mouths I had ever seen. She was now inches from my face, stroking my hair…then she kissed me.

The first contact was small, almost like a child's kiss; close-lipped and just a peck in the center. But then she pressed a little harder, and pulled me to her with her hand behind my head. The third was the killer, as her lips opened, she pressed hard, her eyes closed, and her tongue probed for mine. Her other hand found mine and guided it to her breast, a signal so unmistakable that I could feel my spine turn to macaroni. I squeezed gently, and heard her suck in her breath in response. I was a goner.

Alicia pulled back, unzipped her skirt, and reached between her legs to unsnap her bodysuit. In one motion she pulled it off over her head, like a cat stretching, her fine melons swaying with the motion as she arched her back to thrust them even higher for me. Long ago, I learned that if a woman takes it into her head to make love to you (got a better term?) to let her make all the moves. I waited for her instead of reaching out, even though she obviously expected me to do so. She didn't miss a beat, though, and rose up and put her arms around my shoulders, guiding my face into her breasts.

She could feel me collapse into her as she pressed those warm, soft, life-giving mams to my head. 

I relaxed even further, embracing her to me. It was no use hiding from her, she always did have a sixth sense when it came to feelings. I guess it was because I didn't jump right away on her bones and grope her that gave me away.

"Jimmy, how long has it been since you've been with a woman?" she asked, gently.

"We divorced four and a half years ago."

"You-haven't-had-a-woman-in-four-and-a-half-years???" she asked, incredulously, each word staccato from disbelief.

What could I say? I lay my head on her shoulder and held her even closer. I didn't want to cry, but my emotional dam was about to burst. I held on for dear life, hoping I wouldn't embarrass myself.

Alicia drew back and was naked beside me, her cunt shaved and smooth. She rose and straddled my lap, took my head in both hands and looked deep into my eyes once more.

Then she laid a kiss on me that melted my molars. 

She began to unbutton my shirt, which never works right with my gut. Trucking, while a physically demanding job, doesn't provide for a lot of exercise, and I had never been of the "greek god" persuasion in the first place. From this point on I would have to actively participate if I didn't want my clothes ripped to shreds, which would be romantic, but clothes can be hard to replace when you're on the road. At least I had had sense enough to shower and shave at the truck stop before picking up the phone!

I took her face in my hands and kissed her back. The best defense is a good offense. Ever knowing, she stood up before me and took my hands, pulling me to my feet.

Alicia is a tall woman, only slightly shorter than I am. Esther comparatively was child-sized. It was…different kissing someone without having to bend over. The skin of her back was so smooth, and feeling girl-skin once again after so long sent sparks up my spine. I finished pulling my shirt off, but she had advanced to my belt buckle and zipper.

I didn't want to undress before removing my socks. I knew how ridiculous I would look in my baggy old underwear and socks. I don't dress for style on the road so much as for utility. When I'm at home I'm a clotheshorse, all suits and expensive ties, but I'm a thousand miles away from my closet. I had to get my shoes off first! There's no way to do that and make love to a woman at the same time. The best I could do was to wrap one arm around her waist and hope she didn't notice that I was using her to keep my balance as untied my clod-hopper work shoes and took them off. Then again, even if she did notice I don't think she cared. She understood.

There! Now that I was barefoot I hoped she didn't notice that I tend to scratch my feet (and elsewheres) to pieces. Truckers live in their clothes, often going the better part of a week between showers, and even then you're right back into costume and back on the road, so our skins aren't quite the same quality as beautiful women who actually live in houses and take the time and effort to put on the creams and lotions that keep them soft and smooth. I felt like a troll next to her.

Thank God for candlelight. Anybody can look good naked by candlelight.

She went to work once again on my trousers, and slipped them down, then pulled up on my undershirt. As I took it over my head I felt her hands pull off my briefs, sliding them down with her palms inside, gliding along my thighs. I smiled at the thought that she was copping a feel on me. I let her.

She straightened and drew me out onto the rug before the fire, getting into the beat from the stereo. Alicia still wore her shoes, which was driving me wild since it make her legs look so good. She stepped back and began to dance for me like a stripper in a tittie bar, jiggling her breasts and swaying her hips in time to the music, all the time looking me in the eye with heavy lids and a wisp of hair falling across her face, which she shook back and gritted her front teeth at me like an animal.

She opened her arms and motioned to me to dance with her. I don't know squat about dancing, except to hug, turn in circles and try not to step on her feet. I had forgotten how warm a naked woman was. How soft and smooth…

She paused and laid a hand on my shoulder, balancing while she shucked off her sandals. Now she was looking up at me, and brushed back her hair with a finger and a toss of her head. This time when she kissed me I felt a hand snake down and squeeze my balls, a signal that couldn't be misunderstood: this female meant to mate with me. Now!

She backed away and knelt on the rug. The heat of the fire was beginning to make me sweat, but you can't beat a wood fire as a mood-setting background when you make love. And it was love that we were making, not just sex. I could sense her need for physical love from a man. The trembling flutter of her hands as she touched me, the quickness of her breath when I touched her, we were two people desperately in search of each other. She took my cockhead in her lips and began to suck it in ever-deepening strokes. It was like I had stuck my penis in a wall outlet. I was ragingly hard in seconds. At least THAT still worked!

I knelt with her. She began stroking my cock as I reached for her slit. She gasped as I fingered her hardening clit in its hood. I added two more fingers and rubbed her labia between them. She made an animal sound and threw her head back and closed her eyes in ecstasy. I stroked her breast with my other hand and cupped it, squeezing gently. We rose on our knees together and I quickened my rhythm, in a moment she began to stiffen and clutch tightly to my shoulder as her passion built. Suddenly, she arched her back and threw her head up with a grunt like she had been punched in the stomach as she climaxed, which was good, because when she did she squeezed my cock so hard I thought it would burst. 

The things we do for love. I managed to stifle any cry. I didn't want her to quit squeezing my cock, just not so hard.

Sending her over the top ignited her engine. When she recovered she threw me on my back and attacked me like a lioness devouring a downed wildebeest. She straddled with those perfect thighs of hers and rocked back and forth, stroking my chest and grinding her cunt into my machinery. Alicia dismounted and turned to my cock again, throwing her hairless snatch onto my face, just like that.

"Mmuff! MMUFFF!!!" I tried to say through her superheated body.

She rolled off and looked back. "What? Did I hurt you?"

"No, I need a pillow for my head."

"Ohhhhh…" she replied understandingly and giggled. She got up and strutted over to the couch to get one of the throws, slinging that extra-fine ass of hers for all it was worth.

She strutted her way back and made a show of kneeling by my head with her knees on either side of my ears as she slipped the pillow under my head, giving me a great worm's-eye view of those stupendous…magnificent…spectacular…

Then she jumped on my bones as if she was diving into a swimming pool.

"OOF!!!" I grunted as she belly-flopped on my stomach. I heard her laugh like water falling down stones, and she sucked up my cock again like a vacuum cleaner and tried her best to tear it out by the roots. She knew exactly what she was doing to me. I'll fix ya for that!

I grabbed her butt cheeks in my hands, pulled down and squeezed as hard as I could as I savagely attacked her cunt. she ground her hips down harder on my face, then returned to abusing my genitals like I was some sort of plush toy. Getting rough with her only made her hotter. God, I love that in a woman!

It was WWF versus the WCW as we wrestled in passion on that rug. Alicia pumped my dong like she was pumping water for a house fire. I sucked her nub into my lips, I licked, I bit, I tried to stick my tongue as far into her as it would go. I stretched her creamy buttocks like a baker kneading dough. She responded by jacking my stick with her fist. I guess I'm lucky in that I usually can't come when someone else is sucking or jacking me off. Actually, I can go for hours that way, but believe it or not, there are better ways to pass the time. I had to get this amazon off me. Maybe in a minute…

As it turns out, she reared up on her own and crammed her crotch into my face with all her might. I thought I would suffocate, but what a way to go! I could hear her going "oh yeah!" over and over again as I tongued her slit. I reached up and grabbed those tits with my hands. It was past time for gentleness, and I squeezed and stretched to my heart's desire. Apparently I was getting no argument, because she grabbed my hands in hers and guided my squeezing even harder.

Alicia let go with a grunt that I thought would bring the neighbors as she came again. She wound down a little and moved off my face. I never knew just how sexy BREATHING could be until now! She was still only getting started. She began to bob her shoulders to the music, and her breasts swayed back and forth for me. In one motion she stood up and turned to the fireplace, putting her hands on the mantle and spreading her feet, all the time swaying to the beat.

All for me. She looked over her shoulder at me as I was getting up, which I did slowly so that I could admire this tawny animal properly. I could see the mound of her pussy between her thighs, and the flex of her ass as her hips churned. Even though they had been reduced her tits were still big enough to bulge out on either side when viewed from behind. I slid my hands around them and positioned the cups of my palms over her nipples to pull her back to me. She raised up on tiptoe and put her hands back behind my head to increase the contact pressure between our two naked bodies. I felt my cock rise and jam against her butt, so I reached down and positioned it in the crack between her ass cheeks, like a hot dog in a bun.

She gave her ass another little shake to tickle my twang, and dropped one hand to her slit. Holding on with the other hand, she wiggled her nubbin, and after a moment made a little gasp, stiffened, grunted through her teeth, and finally made those little "ah!" sounds as she climaxed. Alicia wilted a little, then turned to me and kissed me for a long, long time.

"Take me." She whispered, when we broke apart, slowly. She turned and reached for a little plastic bottle on the mantle, opened it, and squirted some on my cock, jacking it slowly to spread the lubricant evenly. My vixen then knelt on the rug and turned, thrusting her ass high up in the air. She wanted me to take her from behind.

I gazed upon her bung and pussy, so open and vulnerable to me. She had put quite a bit of juice on my rod, and my hand was slippery, so I put a finger into her cunt, and slowly, gently, pushed my thumb into her bung. Her ass cheeks tightened with pleasure against my hand as I finger-fucked her. I wanted her to be as hot as the fire that was roasting us from the fireplace. Hotter.

She cried out in passion as she built to her climax. She twisted and stretched as the steam built within her. It finally burst out in a scream loud and long. I love the feeling of…victory? when I bring a woman to climax. The feeling of power over another is a sweet intoxicant. I wanted more.

She rolled over on her back and spread her legs wide, gesturing to me with her arms with a look of total desperation on her face: "Now! Now! Please baby, take me now! Fuck me! I need you to fuck me! Shove that horse cock in me! Take me! TAKE MEEEEEE!!!"

Wow!

I jacked myself the last few strokes up as I positioned my cockhead in her slit, then pushed in. Alicia had one of those perfect cunts that fit like a glove as I slid home in a single thrust, our bodies meshing fully until we were one animal together. She groaned with pleasure and arched her back, pressing herself against me as I paused, letting her clamp down on my shaft.
