 First the last few lines of part 1: 

After dinner Nusrat went to the toilet. I followed her. 'Tune faisla kar liya hai ki tu Sahebji se apni bur phardwayegi (So you have decided that Sahebji will deflower you),' I said. 

'Yes, but there is a problem,' she said. 

'What?' I asked. 

'I have read in his stories that he likes shaven choots (cunts) but my choot is quite hairy,' Nusrat said. 

'No problem, do what I did,' I giggled, 'use khala's hair removing cream. It is in her toilet kit.' 

When we returned to the table, she said, 'Please excuse me, I've to go to the room as my stomach is playing up a bit.' 

When we reached our room Nusrat was sitting in her bed. 'I think I'll go to sleep now. I've to get up very early to go jogging,' she said smiling. 

It was her way of telling me that she everything was all right and her bur (cunt) was now bald. 

That is all for today. 

Good night, dear Diary, and sweet dreams.

Part 2:

Saturday, 20th May:

At sharp six in the morning the doorbell rang. I was waiting for it. I quickly opened the door. I was surprised to see the girl with big tits standing with Shazia. 

'Today no fucking for you my boy,' I though in my mind. 

'Ladies, come on in,' I said letting them in and closing the door.

'Sahebji, meet my cousin Nusrat,' Shazia said introducing the girl with the big boobs to me. 

'Nice meeting you,' I said shaking her hand. 

As Nusrat walked in her big boobs swung sexily from side to side. My cock started to stiffen. I bet she is not wearing a bra. She will give anyone watching her jog a huge erection. Just to watch her jog I was tempted to join them but decided against it. 

'All set for jogging?' I said. 

'I am but Nusrat will stay here. She is keen to learn the indoor exercises we both have been doing together,' Shazia said. 

'It'll be my pleasure to teach her,' I said and looking at Nusrat, added, 'Is it true?' 

'Haan (Yes),' she said blushing with downcast eyes. 

'Good, I must go now. I'll be back in two hours. Nusrat, you learn your lessons well,' I said giggling. 

'Shazia, take the room keys so that you can let yourself in,' I said offering her the keys of the suite. 

'Okay, bye. Have fun,' she said leaving.

'Let's go into the bedroom,' I suggested when Shazia had left. 

Nusrat hesitated. I put my arm around her waist and led her into the bedroom. When we were inside I said, 'The exercises Shazia had in mind are best done naked on the bed. Therefore let us shed our clothes and get into bed. I pulled down my pajamas and I stood naked before her.

'Please, Sahebji, it is cold,' she said. 

'Don't worry my immersion rod will keep you warm,' I said pointing to my erection. 

'Hai Allah, aap ka lund bahut barda hai. Yeh meri nanhi si bur main kaisse gussega? (My God, your cock is very big. How will it enter my small cunt?)' she exclaimed. 

'Very easily, like a hot knife going through butter,' I said, 'now undress and get into bed.' 

I watched her as she undressed. Shazia had prepared her well. She was wearing nothing beneath her tracksuit. Her grapefruit sized boobs swung sexily as she undressed. Her cunt was void of any hair. Her cunt lips were stuck together and her hard swollen clit was peeping through them. 

When we were in bed together I kissed her. Then I transferred my attention to her big boobs. I kissed and sucked on her erect nipples. 

I said, 'Nusrat, you have lovely tits.' 

'No, they are too big,' she moaned. 

'I love big boobs,' I replied going back to kissing and sucking them. 

'Oh Sahebji,' she moaned. 

While kissing her I ran my fingers between her lower lips. She continued to moan. 

'HAI ALLAH (OH GOD),' she moaned loudly as I rubbed her clit between my two fingers. 

I kissed my way to her cunt, stopping long enough to rotate my tongue inside her navel. 'Oh Sahebji,' she moaned. 

I separated her cunt lips and licked in between them from top to bottom for sometime. Then I took her clit between my lips and sucked on it. With a yelp she placed her hands on the back of my head and pressed it to her pussy. Her bottoms started to move in fuck motion. Her body arched.

'OH SAHEBJI, IT FEELS SO NICE. I AM ABOUT TO CUM. GO ON. DON'T STOP I AMMM COMMMIIIINNNGGGGGG,' she shouted and fell back panting. I raised her legs and licked her small choot hole. 

'OH SAHEBJI, STOP I CAN'T TAKE IT AN MORE,' she moaned. 

In reply I pushed my tongue in her fuck tube. She came instantly. I continued to tongue fuck her till she came again.

Then I got on top of her. Instinctively, she closed her legs. 'Please darling, open your legs,' I said, kissing her and moving my lund (cock) with my hand between her now very wet cunt lips. 

Hesitatingly she opened her legs a little. I put my knees between her legs and spread them wide. I placed my cock on the entrance of her fuck hole. 

'Sahebji, please be gentle with me. I am scared. Your cock is very big,' she begged. 

'Don't worry, darling, I'll be very gentle,' I replied and pressed for entry. 

'OWWA,' she screamed as the head of my cock stretched her choot entrance and entered till her hymen stopped further progress. 

I pressed further. 'AAAAA, SAHEBJI, I BEG OF YOU PLEASE STOP. YOU ARE HURTING ME,' she shouted as her hymen stretched, under the onslaught of my cock, but did not tear. I pulled my cock back a little and banged it inside her choot. 

'AAAAAAAYYYYYYYIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEE,' she screamed at top her voice as my cock, tearing her hymen, buried it self half inside her fuck tube. 

I moved my cock slowly in and out. With each stroke my cock went deeper and deeper, till my cock was fully engulfed, in her tube of pleasure. 

'Don't cry, my darling, the worst is over,' I said kissing her tears away and started to fuck her. Reassured she lay back groaning with pain.

At first I started to move my cock in and out in long slow strokes. I kept varying the length and speed of my strokes. Nusrat lay under me with her eyes closed and groaning with pain. 

After five minutes or so her groans changed into moans of pleasure. I continued my movement. Suddenly her hips started to move in rhythm of my strokes. Her body ached. 

'OH SAHEBJI IT FEELS SOOO NICE. YESSS YESSS GO ON DON'T STOP OHHH I AAMMM CCOOOMMMIIIINNNNGGGGGG,' she screamed and fell back, on the bed. Without missing a stroke I continued to fuck her with steady pace. 

After another five minutes Nusrat's choot was on the boil again. I was also about to cum and started to fuck her with hard and fast strokes. My speed became faster and strokes shorter. Nusrat's bottoms continued to keep time with me. I went faster and faster, so did her bottoms. Suddenly her body ached. 

'Y...HESSS FASTER SAHEBJI FASTER FUCK ME HARDER. Y...HESS OHHH OHHHH I AMMMM COOOMMMIIIINNNNGGGG,' screamed again and fell back gasping for breath. Few strokes later, her hither to virgin choot received its first load of cum. 

I continued to lie on top of her kissing her. My cock was fast losing its hardness. I moved my cock in and out slowly to keep it semi erect. After five minutes or so my cock was again fully erect. I started to fuck her again. 

This time she came at least five times before I deposited my load into her. We lay in a close embrace with our lips glued together. When the kiss broke I got off her and lay next to her. 

'How did you enjoy the first fuck?' I asked. 

'Thank you, it was out of this world,' she said. 

'No need to thank me. I also enjoyed myself very much,' I said. 

'I suppose I must thank this big fellow also,' she said taking my limp cock in her hand and kissing it. 

'Best way to thank my cock is to take it in your mouth and suck it,' I said. 

She looked at me. I thought that she is going to refuse but she surprised me. 'Why not?' she said shrugging and taking my flaccid cock in her mouth and started to suck it. 

Slowly blood started to flow into my cock and soon it was rock hard. Nusrat started to suck my cock. She was a bit artless. 'OUCH, mind your teeth, darling...yes keep sucking...now move tour head up and down as if mt cock is fucking your mouth. Yes that's the way...faster move faster,' I said placing my hands on her head and moving my cock in fuck motion. I was about to cum. 

'OH NUSRAT, I AM ABOUT TO CUM. Y...HESS Y...HESSS I AM COMMIIINNNGGG,' I shouted and started to spurt my cum into her mouth. She surprised me again. Without any hesitation she swallowed my cum as fast as I released my seed in her mouth.

'How did you like the taste?' I asked. 'It was all right, nothing great,' she replied. 

'Nusrat, how did you decide to go jogging with Shazia today morning?' I asked. 

'Shazia is basically a lazy girl. When I saw that she had been jogging I confronted her. She insisted that she had been jogging,' Nusrat said, 'The next morning I followed her. She came up to this floor. When she returned I accused her sleeping with someone. She laughed saying that she was still a virgin. I told her then how by accident I saw Salim fucking her. I got so excited that I had to masturbate several times before I calmed down.' 

'At what age did you start to masturbate?' I asked. 

'First time I experienced an orgasm while playing with my bur (cunt) was at the age of twelve,' she replied blushing. 

'Who told you about masturbating? I asked. 

'No one, nature taught me,' she replied. 

'Okay. Now go on with your story,' I said. 

'One thing led to another. In the end I said that I plan to join Salim and her on returning to Lahore. Shazia suggested that I give my cherry to you instead of Salim. I was not convinced. Shazia gave me your stories to read. They were really hot and I decided to go "jogging" with Shazia in the morning,' she said finishing her story. 

In the mean while my cock was hard again. We fucked again. After the fuck she cuddled up to me and dozed off. 

After sometime I woke her. 'Nusrat, get up its getting late,' I said and pointing to my erection, added, 'let's fuck one more time before you leave.' 

'Where is Shazia? Hasn't she come back?' she asked yawning. 

Just then Shazia walked in. 'Shazia, take off your clothes. This fine erection is for you,' Nusrat said. 

'No Nusrat, today Sahebji's cock is all yours but from tomorrow we'll share it equally,' Shazia said. 

Then I started to fuck Nusrat again. While fucking I saw Shazia rubbing her cunt vigorously. After fifteen minutes we all came together. 

When they were leaving Shazia said, 'Bye for now. See you in the evening, then turning to Nusrat added, 'I have invited Sahebji to khala's birthday party tonight.' 

'That's great. See you then,' Nusrat said. 

'I'll be there. What is khala's name?' I said. 

'Her name is Ameena but call her khala, everyone does even my abba. Only my mother calls her by her name,' Shazia said. 

Saturday, 20th May (EXCERPTS FROM SHAZIA'S DAIRY):

Dear Dairy,

Just a short update to keep you abreast of what is happening. 

Aaj ki taza khaber yeh hai ki Nusrat ki bur ab kori nahin rahi. Sahebji ne uski kori bur phard di (The breaking new of today is that Nusrat is no longer a virgin. Sahebji has deflowered her).

When we entered our room khala was having kittens. 'Where were you so long? Never mind get ready quickly we are going to town by the ten thirty bus,' she asked. 

'We are sorry, khala' I said, 'we ran into Sahebji. We got talking to him and didn't realize it was so late.' 

'We'll be ready in no time,' Nusrat said. 

'Okay, you get ready and Saira and I are going down for breakfast,' khala said ushering Saira out of the room and shutting the door behind her. 

'Kyon paheli chudai kaissi rahi? (Did you enjoy your first fuck?)' I asked Nusrat. 

'Oh Shazia, it was heavenly. I didn't know that fucking is so pleasurable,' Nusrat gushed with happiness. 

'Sahebji ka laurda chusa? (Did you suck Sahebji's cock?)' I asked. 

'Haan (yes),' she replied. 

'Did you enjoy the taste of his cum?' I asked. 

'It was nothing great but I suppose I'll get used to it,' Nusrat giggled. 

In order not to scare her I purposely did not ask her whether Sahebji had fucked her in her asshole.

While we were getting ready Nusrat, bubbling with excitement, narrated everything that transpired between Sahebji and her. 

Saturday, 20th May:

At 7.15 p.m. with a red rose held in hand behind my back, I approached their table. 

'Good evening, ladies,' I said bowing slightly. 

'Khala, this Sahebji. I told you about him. I hope you don't mind. I've invited him to join our party,' Shazia said. 

'Not at all,' khala said graciously, 'please sit down.' 

'Sahebji, you've met my cousin Nusrat already this morning and that is Saira, Nusrat's best friend,' Shazia said.

'May I present this rose to the most beautiful lady in Khatmandu,' I said offering the rose to khala. 

'You flatterer,' Khala said blushing. 

'Why only in Khatmandu? Why not in the whole of Nepal?' Shazia said. 

'Yeah, why not in the whole world?' Nusrat giggled.

'Yes, you are right. She is the most beautiful lady in the whole world,' I said looking at Saira. 

Our eyes met. Saira blushed and lowered her eyes. Khala did not notice anything amiss as she was busy admiring and sniffing the rose.

'How old do you think khala is?' Nusrat asked. 

'Well, to tell you the truth when I saw her for the first time from far I thought she was in her early twenties but now that I have had a closer look I think she is still in her teens,' I said. 

'I love flatters. Sahebji, flattery will get to everywhere,' khala said blushing happily, 'Do you know that I was married for ten years and now a divorcee for two years?' 

'Your husband must have been out of his mind to divorce such a beauty as you,' I chuckled. Everyone laughed. 

'Where is the birthday cake?' I asked. 

'There is none. Khala didn't want one,' Shazia said. 

'What is a birthday party without a cake?' I said calling the waiter and told him to bring the cake. 

'He'll come back empty handed. They told us if we wanted a special cake then we had to order it at least four hours in advance,' Nusrat said. 

The waiter brought a cake with the inscription "HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR KHALA". 

'B..B..But we didn't order this cake,' Shazia said surprised.

'When I found out that you had not ordered a cake then I took the liberty to order one,' I said lighting the solitary candle. 

'Khala, please blow the candle and cut the cake,' I said handing her the knife. As khala blew the candle and cut the cake the band played the tune of "Happy Birthday". 

We all clapped and sang:

_______________________________________________________

Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday to you, dear khala, Happy birthday to you, Many boy friends to you, Many boy friends to you, dear khala, Many boy friends to you.

_______________________________________________________

Khala giggled and blushed like a teenager. After we had a piece of cake each I said, 'Now for some champagne.' 

'Sahebji, no champagne,' khala said, 'the girls are too young to drink alcohol.' This brought a loud protest from the three girls. 

'I am nineteen,' Shazia protested. 

'We are eighteen,' Nusrat and Saira protested together. 

'Girls, I am your chaperone,' khala said, 'when I say no alcohol I mean no alcohol.' 

'AWWW khala,' Shazia said, 'Sahebji, please plead our case with her.' 

I looked at Saira and raised my eyebrow. She said yes with her beautiful eyes. 

'Please khala, it is your birthday. One glass can't do them any harm,' I said. 

'You don't understand. If their parents found out then they'll kill me and they'll be grounded for life,' khala said. 

'The girls won't tell them and I won't be there. If you promise not to tell their parents the how will they find out,' I said. 

'Please khala, please,' the three begged. 

Khala said, 'All right but only....' the rest of the sentence was drowned in the jubilant shout of the girls. 

'Waiter, bring a bottle of the best bubbly you have in your cellar,' I said. 

After the champagne was served, raising my glass. To the most beautiful girl in the world,' I said. 

'Yes to the best khala in the world,' shouted the girls raising their glass.

I looked at Saira. To my surprise she was also looking at me. We took a sip from our glasses looking into each other's eyes. 

The band was in attendance. 'May I have the pleasure of this dance?' I asked khala. 

'I'd love to,' she said. 

Khala was about 5'7" tall, vivacious with a nice figure. Her black eyes were sparkling with happiness. Her long black hair lay lazily on her hips. Her firm boobs were large but not huge like Nusrat's. 

She came into my arms very smoothly. As we spun around on the dance floor, I pulled her close to me. She pressed her firm boobs against my chest without any hesitation. 

Her close proximity and her boobs pressing against me gave me a hard on. It was very embarrassing. I tried to pull my hips back. She must have felt my hardness because she pressed her body against mine. 

She was an excellent dancer. While dancing she continued to rub her body against my erection. Thank heavens the music stopped when it did otherwise I would have cum in my underpants. 

'Khala, you're a great dancer,' I said. 

'So are you,' she chuckled with a naughty smile. 

'Would you like to dance some more,' I asked. 

'Not now, maybe later. I wonder what the girls are unto,' she said. 

When we reached our table we found the champagne bottle was empty and so were our glasses. 'Hai Allah, you girls have finished the bottle and my glass too,' she exclaimed, 'I had had only one sip.'

'Doesn't matter, we'll order one more bottle,' I said calling the waiter. 

'Sahebji no, one is enough,' khala replied. 

'Khala relax, your birthday does not come everyday,' I said, 'girls, you are not used to drinking therefore please drink slowly.' 

She muttered something about being killed on return but did not object. 'Nusrat, you order the bubbly while I dance with Sahebji,' Shazia said pushing her chair back. 

'How did you find khala?' Shazia asked when we were on the dance floor. 

'She is very sexy,' I chuckled. 

'Sexy enough to give you a hard on,' she said putting her hand between us and squeezing my cock. 

'Shazia, please don't do it. Khala is watching,' I said. 

'Then let us go to the other side of the floor,' Shazia suggested. 

'No, it will not be wise. Save your horniness for tomorrow morning,' I suggested. 

She agreed reluctantly. When I conducted her back to the table Nusrat got up, saying, 'Now it is my turn.' I escorted her to the dance floor. '

As soon as we got on the dance floor Nusrat said, 'Did you enjoy sticking to khala and Shazia while dancing?'

'Are you jealous? You can also stick to me and dance also,' I chuckled pulling her to me. 

'No thank you. I'll stick to you tomorrow when a rod is connecting our bodies,' she giggled drawing back. 

'It will be my pleasure,' I laughed. 

'Sahebji, apka Shazia aur mujhe chod kar pet nahin bhara. Kya khala ko bhi chodene ka irada hai? (Sahebji, you are not satisfied by fucking Shazia and me. Are you thinking of fucking khala also?)' Nusrat asked. 

'Why not, have you any objections?' I asked. 

'Mujhe koyi etraz nahin hai. Khala ko khoob chodo lakin Shazia se poonch lena woh usski khala hai meri nahin (I have no problem. Fuck her as much as you like but ask Shazia first she is her khala not mine),' she giggled. 

'As a matter of fact Shazia herself offered her choot to me,' I replied. 

'Since when has Shazia started dealing in cunts, first mine then khala's,' Nusrat giggled. 

'I think you better ask her,' I said leading her back to her seat. 

'Saira, may have the next dance?' I asked. Saira hesitated. 

'Go on dance with Sahebji. He won't bite you,' khala said. 
