 To refresh your memory I reproduce the last few lines of part 4. 

Sunday, 28th May (continued):

Fifteen minutes later Ramu arrived. I introduced him to the four ladies. They smiled and said hello except Saira.

'Hi there, isn't he more handsome than Sahebji?' she giggled. 

Shazia and Nusrat agreed and then all of them laughed. 

We ordered drinks. Ramu and I drank beer while the ladies drank fresh orange juice. We exchanged pleasantries over a drink. I was surprised that they made no effort to enlist Ramu's services. 

Now for part 5: 

Sunday, 28th May (continued):

We decided to eat in the suite and ordered the food. As the waiter left Shazia followed him and whispered something, which we couldn't hear. When the food was served we adjourned to the dining table. Khala sat between Nusrat and Shazia on one side of the table and Saira sat between Ramu and me on the opposite side. 

While we were eating Shazia said, 'Ramu, Sahebji told us that you are here for a conference. Is that right?' 

Operation Ramu had started. I was quite eager to see how they would they rope in Ramu. 

'Not a conference but a seminar,' Ramu replied, 'I gave a talk in the morning. The next talk is on next Sunday afternoon.' 

'Oh I see then you'll be returning home by the evening flight,' Nusrat said disappointed. 

'No, I'll be staying here for the whole week,' Ramu laughed. 

'What about the Government, doesn't it mind?' Saira said. 

'The organizers are very clever. They arrange the program in such a manner that a person has to spend the whole week here,' Ramu explained, 'Take my case. I have to give a talk on the first and the last date of the seminar but my name also appears on the program under "workshop" every day from 6 to 8 in the evening.' 

'You mean you don't have to be present in the "workshop",' Shazia asked. 

'Not, if I don't want to,' Ramu said. 

'You can be anywhere?' Nusrat said. 

'Yes, the organizers don't care I could be in Timbuktu as long as come back in time for my talk on Sunday,' Ramu confirmed. They looked at each other and nodded. Then they changed the subject. 

'Sahebji has written in one of his stories that you deflowered your cousins. Is it true?' Nusrat asked. 

'If Sahebji has written it then it is definitely true,' Ramu said. The talk centered on my stories featuring Ramu. 

When we had eaten our dessert Shazia taking the bowl of cherries and offering to Ramu said, 'Would you care to pop a cherry or two (after a significant pause added)... in your mouth.' 

'Oh cherries, they are my favorite fruit. I love to pop cherries... (he also paused then continued)... in my mouth,' Ramu said popping a couple of cherries in his mouth. 

'We hate cherries. They are too fragile. One moment they are there and bang the next moment they are gone forever. We like bananas. They are long and hard. We can eat and suck them and there are other uses also,' Shazia said. 

All three of them reached for a banana each and peeling them very slowly started to eat moving them in and out of their mouth. Surprised, Ramu looked inquiringly at me. I shrugged. 

'I've got a banana like that also,' Ramu laughed. 

'Really?' Nusrat said. 

'Would you like to check it out?' Ramu replied. 

'Maybe later if you agree to spend all your time till your next talk with us in these rooms,' Shazia said. 

'Sure but what is the incentive?' Ramu said. 

'Hai Allah, we are offering him four practically virgin choots to fuck and he asks what the incentive is,' Nusrat exclaimed throwing up her hands in the air. 

Ramu grinned. 

'An incentive you can bugger Sahebji if you like,' Saira giggled. 

'No thank you. I'll pass on that but will accept your gaands in lieu of Sahebji's gaand, okay,' Ramu said laughing. 

'You will have to eat our pussies also,' Shazia said. 

'Naturally,' Ramu said. 

'Stop it girls. Have you gone mad,' khala said, 'Ramu, forget all they have said to you.' 

'Khala, you promised,' Shazia said accusingly. 

'So what!' khala said. 

'Awww khala,' Nusrat said. 

'I think I hate khala,' Saira said. 

'Ramu, these girls are in my charge. I am here to see that they get the best of everything,' khala said. 

'Of course,' Ramu said a bit lost at the turn of events.

'It is my duty to check everything that they take in. You agree, don't you?' khala said. 

'Oh I see,' Ramu grinned, 'of course, khala. I'll be pleased if you'll check what I have to offer.' 

'In every way you were planning to give them,' khala murmured. 

'Of course in all ways, both your mouths and in the back door,' Ramu said. 

'I've to. I take my duties very seriously,' khala said without change of expression. 

'Would you like to check out my ware now?' Ramu asked. 

'No hurry. There will be ample time after lunch,' khala giggled.

'Khala, we love you,' Shazia and Nusrat said kissing khala on her cheeks. 

Saira grabbing Ramu's cock and squeezing it said to it, 'When you meet khala's bur (cunt) after lunch; tell her that I love her too.' 

The mood of the girls was restored. 'Why this drama? Ramu would have fucked you also,' Shazia said. 

'Of course he would have but with a tired cock. Now his cock will be strong and fresh. Secondly I'll get a chance to give them important hints about fucking,' khala said. 

'Khala, you sly thing,' Nusrat laughed. 

Saira was still holding Ramu's cock in her hands. 'Khala, that was very clever of you,' she said, pressing it,

'After khala has approved of my cock, my dear, I'll check out your choot,' Ramu said putting his arm around Saira's shoulder and squeezing her tits. 

'You'll enjoy fucking Saira. Her choot is very tight,' Nusrat said, 'Sahebji deflowered her last night only.' 

'I love fucking tight choots,' Ramu said kissing Saira and pressing her boobs. 

'Don't forget to fuck her gaand,' Shazia said, 'At this moment she is sitting with her asshole full of Sahebji's cum.' 

'Is that so? Then we won't require any lubrication, will we?' Ramu laughed giving Saira'a boobs another squeeze. 

Saira grinned broadly.

After lunch when the waiter had cleared the table Ramu said, 'Khala, shall I take off my clothes?' 

'Wait! There is one more thing. If you take off your clothes then you will have to be our sex slave till your next talk,' khala said. 

'What?' Ramu exclaimed. 

'Say yes. There is nothing to worry about. I'll explain later,' I said. For a moment Ramu looked undecided but then he said, 'Okay, if you say so.' 

'Now get whatever you need from your room because you might not be allowed to leave these rooms till next Sunday. Another thing, you won't need clothes,' I said. 

After ten minutes Ramu was back. 

'Shazia, switched on the "DO NOT DISTURB" sign then lock the door,' khala said and added after she had complied, 'Let's undress.' 

When we were naked the girls looked at our erections critically. 'Ramu's cock is not as long as Sahebji,' Nusrat said. 

'But It is as thick,' Shazia said. 

'Girls, what you are see here are two wonderful specimens of manhood. Don't expect all men to be so well endowed,' khala said. 

'WOW! You ladies are gorgeous,' Ramu said seeing them naked.

'Ooooo, look at the drop of pre cum on his cock,' Saira giggled. 

'Ramu, lie on the bed,' khala said. 

Then she kneeled next to the bed and with one flick on her tongue removed the drop of pre cum. 'It is very tasty,' she said smacking her lips. 

Then khala started giving Ramu a blowjob. Within seconds Ramu started moaning with pleasure. 'Oh khala,' 'Oh khala,' he moaned. Khala's sucked as her head bobbed up and down on his cock. Ramu continued to moan. Suddenly khala stopped and lay next to Ramu. 

'Khala, why have you stopped?' Shazia asked. 

'If you are giving a man a blowjob then it is okay to let him finish otherwise save his cum for your choot or gaand,' khala said, 'Ramu, ab tum mujhe chodo (Ramu, fuck me now).' 

Ramu got on top of her and sent his cock up her dripping cunt. 'Ahh,' khala moaned as Ramu started the in and out motion. 

'Oh I am so hot. Fuck me Sahebji,' Saira said trying to impale herself on my erect tool. 

'Yes fuck her and work your way up to me and Ramu will fuck his way down to Saira,' khala panted. 

I laid Saira next to the fucking couple and placing her legs on my shoulders rammed my cock in her choot and started the fuck motion.

'Khala, do you want me to fuck you in the asshole now,' Ramu asked. 'Abhi nahin. Mujhe chodete raho. Meri gaand baad main maar lena (Not now. Continue to fuck me. You can fuck me in the asshole later),' khala moaned. 

'Oh Sahebji, it feels so good,' Saira moaned. 

I continued to watch khala and Ramu. Khala's hips were moving in rhythm of Ramu's strokes. 'Aur zor se chodo (Fuck harder),' khala moaned. 

Ramu continued to fuck her with measured strokes. Khala kept pace with him. 'Y...HESS FUCK ME FASTER. Y...HESS THAT IS THE WAY. FASTER RAMU FASTER,' khala yelled in ecstasy. 

Ramu's strokes became faster and harder. Suddenly khala's body arched. I stopped stroking Saira and watched. 

'Oh God, why have you stopped,' Saira moaned. 

'Let's watch khala. She is about to cum,' I said. I noticed that Shazia and Nusrat were eating each other's pussy. 

'OH RAMU, I AM NEARLY THERE. Y...HESS OHHHHH OHHHHHH RAAAAMMMMMUUUUUUUUUUU,' she screamed falling on the bed gasping for breath. Few strokes later Ramu also came with loud grunt and fell on top panting. Their lips met in a long kiss. 

'Sahebji, ab mujhe chodo (Sahebji, fuck now),' Saira said. 

I started to fuck Saira. Soon her tight choot took its toll. My seed started to rise. Saira was on the boil too. With a loud scream of ecstasy she came and within seconds of her orgasm I also filled her sweet cunny with my cum. 

In the meanwhile Shazia and Nusrat had also finished. 

'Do I pass your inspection?' Ramu asked khala. 

'With flying colours,' khala laughed, 'Ramu, now you'll fuck Shazia. Sahebji will fuck Nusrat and Saira and I will sixty nine.' 

The whole afternoon Ramu and I fucked the ladies and we licked their choots in between when our cocks were recovering. 

At eight khala said, 'Girls, lets give our slaves some rest.' 

'Aww khala, we were having a great time,' the girls protested. 

'Don't worry, we will start again at ten. This time their cocks are going to get a taste of our assholes,' khala said. 

'Oooo, I love being fucked in the asshole,' Saira cooed. 

'Ramu will fuck you in your asshole first followed by Nusrat, Shazia and me. Sahebji will start with me and finish with Saira,' khala decreed. 

At ten sharp we all were naked and ready to go. Khala and Saira were in gaand fuck position. 'UFF SLOWLY SAHEBJI,' khala said as my cock slipped into her asshole. 

Ramu on the other hand placed his cock on Saira's puckered hole and with one push sent the whole of his cock inside Saira's gaand. 

'AAAAAAAYYYYYYYIIIIIEEEEEEEE,' Saira screamed, 'Damn it Ramu, you could have used some lubrication.' 

'You yourself agreed in the afternoon that there is no need for lubrication,' Ramu asked innocently winking at us. 

'That was at one p.m. and now it is after ten in the night,' Saira said with tears in her eyes. 

'Sorry, now my cock is inside your gaand, enjoy it,' Ramu said and started the in and out motion. 

For five minutes Saira kept groaning with pain then her groans turned into moans. When they finished Saira kissed Ramu and thanked him for a wonderful screw. 

Ramu and I got to sleep only after we had fucked each of them in their assholes. 

Monday, 29th May and Tuesday, 30th May:

On these two days they made us lick their cunts and fucked them in their choots and assholes. While waiting for an erection we ate their pussies. When we could not get an erection then they sucked our cock till it was ready to do its duty. We were allowed to sleep only when we couldn't fuck or lick anymore. 

Wednesday, 31st May to Saturday, 3rd June: 

Was I dreaming? I felt a warm wet mouth engulfing my cock. Then the feeling was gone. I felt feeling it again. This time I opened my eyes. I saw Saira, naked as she was born, sitting in between Ramu and me, holding our erect cocks in each hand and sucking and licking our cocks by turns. 

'Get up you lazy lumps, your bed tea is getting cold,' she said moving the foreskin of our cocks up and down. 

Ramu and I pulled ourselves up and sat leaning against the headrest. Saira pushed a steaming cup of tea in our hands. 'Where are the others,' I asked taking a sip. 

'They have gone to visit Pashupatinath Temple,' she said. 

'You are alone,' Ramu asked. 

'Yes sir, khala wanted to visit the Temple. She didn't go with us the first time. Sahebji knows why,' Saira said grinning. Ramu looked inquiringly at me. I shrugged. 

'Main batati hoon. Khala Sahebji se chudwana chahati thi. Bimari ka bahana bana kar hotel main rahi aur Sahebji se khoob chudwaya (I'll tell you. She wanted Sahebji to fuck her. She pretended to be sick and stayed behind in the hotel and then Sahebji fucked her silly),' Saira tittered. 

'You mean Shazia and Nusrat agreed leave you behind? I don't believe it,' I said. 

'At first they protested but when I pointed out that they had started fucking much before me they agreed to give me this chance to become even,' she giggled, 'More tea anyone?' 

'No thank you,' Ramu said and went to the bathroom. 

'I'll take one more cup,' I said. 

She gave me another cup and started sucking my cock making sure that I didn't cum. When Ramu came out I went to the bathroom to attend the call of nature. 

When I came out of the bathroom I saw Saira half sitting and half lying on my bed with her legs wide open and Ramu eating her pussy diligently. 

'Sahebji, sit down and play with my titties,' Saira moaned, 'you are next.'

She started panting and few minutes her body arched and cried loudly, 'I AMMMMM CCUUUUMMMMMIIINNNGGGGGG,' and fell back on the bed gasping for breath. 

Before she had even caught her breath, she said, 'Sahebji, ab aap meri choot chato (Sahebji, now you lick my cunt).' I got between her legs and started eating her pussy. 

Ramu and I ate her pussy three times each. During this time she must have orgasmed umpteen times. I stopped counting after she had cum ten times. 

'Slaves let us get decent. It is time for some solids,' she said, 'remember to wear only what is necessary because we are going to continue pussy eating after breakfast.' 

Our erections were so hard that they had started to hurt. 

'Saira, my balls are hurting. Let me fuck you once or else I am going to masturbate,' Ramu said. 

'Your condition is also like Ramu's,' she asked looking at me. I nodded. 

'All right, you can fuck me once each,' she said lying down. 

After we had finished fucking her she said, 'Now get ready. Shave properly because I prefer to be poked by your cocks and not your beard. You have twenty minutes. I'll order breakfast from my room and get dressed.' 

We shaved and showered as directed. After twenty minutes when we entered the dining room Saira dressed in a housecoat, I bet she was naked underneath, was unloading the breakfast from two trolleys. 

'Gosh Saira, you have ordered so much for three people,' I said seeing the quantity and variety she had ordered. 

'Khala had said while leaving, "Saira, my child, don't keep the slaves on liquid diet. Feed them solids also in order to keep there strength and stamina up",' Saira said pouting, 'here are the solids eat as much as you like because after this you are going back to liquid diet, understand?' 

We nodded and sat down to eat. 'What in those big pots?' Ramu asked pointing to the pots, which were still on the trolley. 

'Oh it is jelly and stuff for you,' she said shrugging. 

'So much?' Ramu asked. 

'You'll love it specially the way I serve them,' Saira giggled. 

After we had finished eating Saira started to pile every thing on one trolley. 'Saira, the cold cuts are untouched. Why don't you put them away in the refrigerator?' I said. 

She asked, 'Why?' 

'In case we feel hungry and want something to eat before lunch,' Ramu said. 

'If you feel hungry then eat my choot, understand?' she said placing the cold cuts on the trolley. 

Saira placed everything on one trolley, leaving the big jars on the other trolley. She rolled the laden trolley outside the room and switching on the "DO NOT DISTURB" sign, locked the door. 

'You boys can finish your cigarettes, undress and come to my room. Will ten minutes sufficient?' she asked and without waiting for an answer taking the trolley, with the big jars, with her to her room. 

After ten minutes we entered her room. Saira had spread two large bath towels on an extra bed and was leaning against its headrest with her legs wide open. She was naked. She had applied marmalade on her left nipple and was busy smearing apricot jelly on the right tit. Her choot was covered with honey.

'Come in slaves. Ramu, I noticed at breakfast that you like apricot jelly and marmalade. Therefore you'll suckle my boobs first,' she said, 'Sahebji, you are going to get taste of "Honey Choot".'

'Saira, you have some imagination,' I said. 

'Don't I,' she giggle happily and pointing towards her cunt, added, 'slave, start eating my cunt.' 

We licked dutifully. After we had finished it was Ramu's turn to eat "Honey Choot" and mine to suck her apricot and marmalade tits. We did this twice with different tastes. Then Saira smeared the head of my cock with marmalade and Ramu's phallus with honey. She then sucked our cocks clean. 

'Slaves, you have been very good and as a reward you can fuck me.' she said imperiously. We were glad to fuck her.

We repeated the above till the pots were empty. 

'Come, let us shower together. I'll soap your cocks and you can scrub by body. Sahebji, you get to soap my bur (cunt) and left tit and Ramu gets my asshole and right boob,' she decreed dividing her body equally between Ramu and me, 'then we'll eat lunch.'

We managed to get into the shower but it was a tight fit. Ramu and I leaned against the walls of the cubicle and soaped the areas allotted to us. Saira applied soap on our phallus and moved the foreskin up and down vigorously. Our cocks became hard and erect. 

I picked up Saira and impaled her choot on my standing cock. 'HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING? PUT ME DOWN,' Saira said. 

'Cleaning the inside of your choot,' I replied. 

She liked the idea and wound her legs around my waist and putting her arm round my neck, started to move up and down. 'Wait,' I said holding her tightly, 'Let Ramu clean your gaand from inside also.' 

'NO, I WON'T TAKE YOU BOTH INSIDE ME AT THE SAME TIME. LET ME GO, SLAVE,' she said. 

'Your slaves have revolted,' I laughed, 'Believe me you'll love it. 

'Will it hurt?' she asked and tried to wriggle out of my grip. 

'Thorda sa dard hoga (It might hurt a little),' I said, 'Ramu, dekh kya raha hai. Apna laurda isski gaand main gusserd de (Ramu, what are you waiting for. Shove your cock into her asshole).' 

'AAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEE,' she screamed. 

'Saira, chilla kyon rahi hai? Maine abhi teri gaand chui tak nahin (Saira, why are you screaming? I haven't even touched your asshole yet),' Ramu asked. 

'Sorry, it seems I screamed a little to early,' she said smiling sheepishly. 

'It won't hurt. Your asshole and my cock are well soaped,' Ramu said and started to push his cock slowly inside her asshole. 

'UFF, RAMU... GENTLY... MY GOD IT IS HURTING...AWWA,' she complained. 

'Ramu, are you inside her?' I asked lowering her a little. 

'Y...hess. Just a minute,' Ramu grunted shoving upward, 'now I am in.' 

'Are you comfortable?' I asked. 

'Snug as a bug in a rug,' Ramu said, laughing. 

'But I am not comfortable,' Saira said pouting.
