 It is like a drug to me. Watching him fuck you. His eyes on my eyes as his cock moves into your pussy. I know the feeling of him. I know the pleasure you are feeling right now. I know the places his cock hits because I too have felt it. Deep within my pussy I have felt him pushing me to the same frenzy that he now pushes you. I also know what he feels as he moves inside of you. I know the tightness of your pussy, and the warmth. I know the spasms as you clamp down trying to control the orgasm building inside of you that I control and orchestrate. 

But for now, I watch mesmerized by the look of my lovers enjoying one another moving against one another but in perfect unison. I love your hands as they reach for me for my tits, my cunt. You reach for my hand grasping at anything to stem the tide that is coming. I love the look of his eyes, so full of desire and heat, as he watches me. He watches my hand on my own pussy, moving in rhythm to his thrusts now with an urgency that matches his own trying to draw out of me the pleasure that he feels at this moment.

He pulls out of you and turns you over to your back. He knows that I can only watch for so long before joining the game. Before the observer must finally join the game. I lean forward and meet his lips and grasp his cock still slippery from you. I run my hand along his length few times enjoying the feeling. He moans beneath my lips almost begging for the game to come to its conclusion. Your hands are on my hips now, guiding me to your mouth. You want to run your tongue along my sticky wet center and cause me to shudder as I have you so many times. I laugh and pull away from his lips. He meets my eyes confused at first until he sees me lean back and arch and moan. Then he looks down and sees your head beneath me mouth fully open on my cunt. Trying to take as much of me into your mouth as you can. I watch his face through half closed eyes as I hear another moan betray him I laugh. His hand is in on his cock now slowly stroking it as he watches us. 

Your mouth and tongue expertly work my pussy. Licking and teasing my clit in the butterfly strokes that I cannot resist. I feel a finger slip inside me and hook to the front searching. I bite my bottom lip refusing to the moan escape. You know you have found the place. You always do. My body betrays me as it stops and then shudders against your face. Then you clamp down hard on my clit sucking it into your mouth and I cry out. I scream and groan my pleasure as I reach out for something to hold. I find it. I find his hand and he links his fingers into mine to allow me to ride this first wave of pleasure.

Leaning forward and I pant as he strokes my face gently with his face. Nuzzling me and smelling me at the same time. You have slowed down your assault on my clit and dripping cunt and have returned to the slow languid licks I so enjoy as I come down from my high. My hand still in his, I kiss him this time. Lips and tongues searching for answers that can only be found in the other's soul. It is the kiss and touch that betrays us, our tenderness, and connection to one another. It is only in this brief passing moment that my lovers become more than pets or playmates and we connect as friends and lovers.

Still kissing him, I feel his along his face enjoying the feel of his cheek and angle of his chin. I trace the length of his chin with one fingertip and nail down his chest. I always enjoy the muscles along his chest and stomach. So strong and yet they yield to my touch every time. I shudder as your tongue searches my cunt's inner folds. You mew softly as I run a finger along your pussy. The folds are so beautiful to me. So pink and moist and open to my touch every time and beacon me to them. This they do now yet again. I have the urge to kiss you. Kiss your pussy. Kiss the most vulnerable and yet the strongest place on your body. I glance up and meet his eyes. He takes a deep breath and whispers something only meant for my ears as he meets my eyes. I lock eyes with him and dip two fingers into your cunt. I search for the beautiful spot hidden along your folds and rub. You mew again against my cunt and the sound sends shudders through my entire body. You moan your displeasure as I remove my hand and then lick my fingers. The taste of you makes my head swim and I close my eyes. The moan that I think should escape my lips escapes his and I smile.

I slide off your face and put a hand on his cock. I put the head at your clit and rub. You move your hips and moan desperate now for release but this time it is I who controls the rhythm. I conduct this orchestra's pitch and rhythm and enjoy the power. I keep my hand on his cock and lock lick up your smooth stomach to your breast. I tenderly kiss it and then bite the nipple softly almost playfully. You finally make a sound louder than a moan and I enjoy the sound as it echoes around the room. Keeping my newly gained prize, your nipple, between my teeth, I continue to tease your clit with his cock. He is enjoying the feeling of your wetness against the head of his cock. Leaning back a bit, he lets his head fall back to give into the pleasure. 

I release my prize and lick the rest of my way up your body. I butterfly lick between your breasts and trace my way to your collar bone. I lick your collar bone and you start to struggle and mew. I reach for the nipple I just bit and lightly rub and the mew turns to a small scream that again echoes as your eyes open wide with pain and pleasure. This time you settle as your eyes meet mine. You stop writhing under the assault on your body and give into the pleasure growing in it. A cock rubbing against the entire wetness of your pussy, lightly teasing but not pushing over. Fingers on your over sensitive nipple and now the eyes of your mistress meet yours searching you for any other signs of resistance. You relax into my arms.

I kiss your face tenderly. And then slowly kiss your eyes, and cheeks your neck. I reward you for giving yourself over to pleasure. I kiss you for your passion and since of adventure. Then I kiss your lips. I taste myself on your tongue and love the knowledge of it. I bite your lips lightly and enjoy the feeling of you yielding to me. I break away lips and look at him. 

My hand still on his cock, I pull him to the entrance of your cunt. I cover your lips and stifle your moan and he enters you. I am again engrossed by the sight of him fucking you. Both of my lovers enjoying the same passion I too often feel from them. It is beautiful. Your body strains against him. You push into him returning each of his thrusts with your own heat. I know what you are feeling now. I can see the building deep within you. His dick slides quickly inside of you pushing you closer to the abyss. I know what he is feeling as well. Your pussy is warm, wet, and beautiful y wrapped and gripping begging not to be released from the torture. 

I release your mouth and move to take his. My hand is still on his cock as it thrusts into you. My tongue searches for his and his breath, now ragged, mingles with mine. He tenderly rubs his hand across my cheek and I lean into the touch. I slight betrayal of feelings as the moment of tenderness passes between him and me. His eyes stay open as we kiss. It may be his cock inside of you, but we are both fucking you now. I keep my eyes locked on him as I release his lips and move my hand to your clit and start to press and rub harder now, urging you to the edge of the cliff. Your breathing also ragged is now marked by small squeals and grunts. His lips leave mine and his eyes darken as your breathing becomes more ragged. 

Still touching him, I lean close to where he is inside you. I lay my head on your stomach and watch mesmerized by the beauty of the motions. I can see your moisture glisten on the smoothness of his cock as he moves into and out of your beautiful pink flower like pussy. I feel his hand now, on the back of my head urging me forward to do what he knows I have always wanted to do. I lean down and taste. I can taste both of you on your clit. You sigh and a tortured moan escapes from him as his fingers close around the short dark curls in his hand. Emboldened by the response I continue to lick this time without care or abandon. There is only my mouth, your cunt, and his cock together working as one. The mix of salty and musky and sweet overtakes my senses. Yes, it is like a drug to me.