 You need to understand that the timing was just right and that this was something that just happened. It wasn't planned in any way. It just turned out the way that it did. Probably because we were teens and didn't deal with a lot of the things that bother the older person. 

I was getting ready to enter my senior year in high school when this happened to me. A friend of mine was spending the summer with us due to the fact that she had finally showed a stepfather's true colors. He had been molesting her for a long while when she came down with an STD. She spent the summer with us to get away from him and to allow her to heal somewhat. Medically speaking she was fine and the doctor had given her a clean bill of health.

So to further set the stage for you here is the where it happened. I was moving hay in our barn. Bales, and by hand. About 200 of them to be exact. We lived in Central Florida at the time, and was it hot. Even as a girl, I wore tee shirts that had the sleeves cut out and the neckband cut away and the slit down the front was as far as I dared to go with it. Cut off jean shorts were also a staple of the wardrobe. The less clothing the better. Especially when working in the barn. It would be 10 degrees hotter in there than outside.

I had brought the igloo cooler out with iced tea in it with me. Dara had followed as she was prone to do. My brothers scared her, and she didn't want to be left alone in the house with that many males. Because of what her step-dad had done to her. So, it was like having a shadow. Many times that is what she put me in the mind of, a shadow. She was about 5 ft 4 and maybe 120 lbs. Her brown hair was cut short in a pageboy. She had hazel eyes that seemed to big for her face. Her tits were small and she had legs that wouldn't quit. But then come to think of it so did I. I was 5 ft 8 and about 160 lbs, all shoulders, tits, and legs. I wore a 38C cup bra back then. I have always shaved my lips because I don't like the hair getting caught in the leg of my panties. I spent a good portion of my time outside so not only was I tan, but had a athletic build to go with it.

We were in the barn and she had started to ask questions about sex and what was it like when you did it because you wanted too. I sit down on a hay bale, pulled the cooler over and got a glass of tea. I knew even at that age we were going to have to talk about this at some point. She knew that I had been fucking the guy down the street for some time. So I just said to her, "Ask what you really want to know." She looked at me with that big eyed look and said quietly, "I want to know it all." So I asked her what she knew about her own body. The response was nothing. She was staring at the floor, her hair hiding her face. I stood up and stripped, figuring the best way to start was to show her what she was equipped with. I spread a saddle blanket on the bale and sat back down. I showed her my clit among other things and she asked if she could touch it. It just happened. One minute we were talking in a almost clinical fashion and the next I had reached up and kissed her. She didn't seem afraid of me and as I slowly licked, nibbled and kissed my way down her body, she begin to warm to the situation. 

I don't think that I forced anything on her. She was asking questions and doing the mirror image of what I did to her to me. I couldn't think of a better way to teach her what her body was capable of if she would just allow herself to do what came naturally. She had her face between my legs and her back to the ladder when I happen to look up and see Larry standing there with a ear to ear grin on his face. I told her to stop a minute. She looked up at me and must have seen his reflection in my eyes. She screamed a little scream and tried to hide herself. When that didn't work then she hid behind me like a little kid when scared.

I looked at him and he looked at me. I mean it wasn't like he hadn't seen me naked before. We had been lovers on a regular basis for more than a year and he was the one that took my virginity. He had taught me everything that he knew and we were both always looking to learn something new and different to try on each other. So there the three of us stood. Two 17 year old women that were completely naked, and a 23 year old red blooded male. Fully clothed with a hard on that looked like someone had shoved a 8 inch salami down the front of his pants.

He knew what was up with Dara because I had talked with him about it. He just looked at me with that now what do we do look on his face. I started to walk over to him. That left Dara with two options, either move with me or stand before him, naked and alone. She chose the first option to be the one that she was most comfortable with. It was like someone glued her to my back. 

I reached up and put one hand on the back of his neck and the other on the back of his head. Drawing his head down I whispered in his ear to just do nothing. To have sex just like she wasn't there. He nodded his head so little that she didn't see it. I then kissed him, which was always a joy to me. He had just right lips and liked to kiss. He had a habit of sucking on my lower lip that caused me to get immediately very wet and hot. He looked at me with a question in his eyes but his hands were on my breasts and fondling the nipples, making them very hard. I tilted my head back, closed my eyes and moaned. In the process my hair was in her face causing her to back up a little. I could feel her hands on the small of my back. I had goosebumps all over and was doing the jerks and twitches that come with feeling very good.

I started to move backward and drew him with me. She about fell trying to get out of the way. It was almost a comedy of errors but not quite. Me moving backward, his hands on my waist, and her trying to back up while keeping both eyes on him. I guess if anyone had been watching it would have been comical. I backed up until I felt the bale against my lower legs and then sat back down. Reaching up to his belt I loosened it and then his jeans and pulled down. Now this is a guy who never wears underwear so his 8 inch cock fairly jumped out at me the minute that his jeans were clear of it. He kept the hair around it and his balls neatly trimmed (with a little help from time to time). So what we saw was a very clear sight of his cock and balls. I heard the sharp intake of her breath. He looked at her for just a sec and she cowled down behind the bale that I was sitting on. Looking at me with a smile on his face he asked what I planned to do with that cock of his. I thought about it for maybe a second before I leaned forward and took him into my mouth. I could feel her slowly rising to see what I was doing. He just kept looking at me when his eyes were open. I tilted my head back long enough to look at her. She had the wide-eyed look of a doe caught in the headlights. She leaned over and whispered to me. "Do you like to do that"? I simply nodded my head yes at her. So it was to continue to be a question and answer session. Okay, not a problem, is what went thru my head at the time.

"Strip please," I said to Larry and he immediately came out of the clothing. Not the least bit shy, this one. He looked at me again with that now what expression on his face. I just smiled at him and pulled him down on the bale beside me. I then pushed him over on his back. She was watching all of this with amazement on her face. Like the last thing that she expected was for him to do what I asked. "Where?" I asked him. "Right rear pocket." he replied. I brought the condom out of his jeans, ripped open the packet, and took it out. "You want to put it on?," I asked her. "Show me how," she quietly replied.

I put it in her hand and then showed her how to put in on him. He was laying back with his eyes closed. The only motion he was making was the rise and fall of his chest. I looked at her and then at him. I asked her if she wanted to try him out. "I don't know how to do anything," she said. I patted his lower belly and told her to sit there with her back to his face. "Straddle him with your legs," I said. She moved and straddled him. I then squatted over his cock and slowly sank down. Taking her hand in mine, I let her feel him and me together. She then said quietly that she wanted to see what to do next. 

I started to move on him and she was watching me intensely. I could see over her shoulder to his face. He was looking at me, with the biggest grin that I have ever seen. Enjoying this I asked him. He just nodded his head and continued to grin. I reached and put her hands on my hips and let her feel the motion that I was making. "You want to try?" I asked again. She nodded yes and said don't leave me. I won't and he won't move either, with a warning glance in his direction, I told her. I stood up and moved down to sit on his thighs. She raised herself and then said to me "How do I get it in?" I took her hand and then showed her how to guide his cock into her. Sit down slowly I said to her.

She sit down and then looked at me. Feels very nice, help me move the way that you do. I put my hands on her hips and showed her how to do the raise and grind as I call it. I stood up and moved around behind her, reached around and used my thumb on her clit. Slow circles and then a flick every now and again. All the while I was kissing the back of her neck. I took one hand off her hip and slid it up her body until I had her tit cupped in my hand. Slowly rolling her nipple in my fingers and feeling her starting to speed up, I knew that she was close to her first orgasm.

I pulled her head back and kissed her. Larry was rubbing his fingers up and down my slit, and playing with my clit. He watched the kiss with a dream like look on his face. I knew that he had always wanted a threesome with two women, but I don't think this was quite what he expected. I was sopping wet from his playing with me and she was jerking and twitching like there was no tomorrow. I held her close to me and let her finish. She looked up at me and said thank you. I asked her if her legs would support her because I would like to get off and I knew that he would to. She tried to stand and had to wait a minute to be able to. I moved her onto the blanket that was laying on the floor beside us. The whole while she was holding onto my hand. I turned around and looked at Larry and asked if he were ready. A nod was all that I got. 

I laid down on my back and told her to watch what he was doing. He climbed on top and then inserted that cock that I knew so well. I pushed him up so that he was on his knees. At that point she was staring at his cock as it slowly entered and then was pulled out to the rim of the head. Slowly at first and then a little faster. I pulled her face to mine and kissed her again. I pushed her hand to my slit and using my fingers as a guide, I let her play with my clit. Larry speeded up and I was shuddering so hard that we both were shaking. He looked down at me and said I am going to cum. That was all it took to push me over the edge.

He finished and rolled off, I pulled the condom off him and threw it away. I asked her if she could stand to kiss him. That she did while still holding my hand. He looked up at me after she kissed him and asked us both "So how did this get started?"

We both replied at the same time, "It just happened."