 "Oh, why do I do this to myself," Kristen said aloud to herself, "I should know better. " She shook her head and replied, this time the words only playing in her head, "Because you must be masochistic, that's why. You haven't been laid in weeks, so what do you do? You watch cable after hours sex movies... makes perfect sense. "

She squirmed on her sofa as she watched the hard-bodied young stud putting it to the curvaceous and willing nymph. Their mingled moans and rhythmic humping got her starving body so hot she had to ram her fist between her legs and wrap one thigh over her arm. She bit her lip in frustration and had to look away from the television. She contemplated going to her closet and opening her special box, and saying hello to Mr. Buzzy... her lover on lonely nights. She didn't want to resort to a vibrator, but... well... 

She wasn't sure how long she'd been pondering Mr. Buzzy, but when she focused on the cable smut program again - just about to get up and rummage in her closet - the scene was of another woman being seduced in a pool hall, two men caressing and fondling her while she returned the favor to both. Kristen moaned in agony, and started for the closet and her relief for the evening. 

She'd only taken four or five steps, when she turned back to the television - the movie, and the trio, still playing. She bit her lip again, but her mind dredged up a tiny memory from several months ago. What was it that was trying to come through? Pool hall... pool hall... why does that ring a bell?

Suddenly, it hit her. Yes, that was it. When was it? Last September? October? She couldn't remember. She'd been out with a few friends and had ended up in... what was the name? BRENDAN'S POOL HALL AND GAME ROOM just near the OLYMPIAN bowling alley at the edge of town. The memories came clearer. It was late, well after midnight, and the pool hall was still open. If she remembered correctly, it was an all-night pool hall... or so the sign had proclaimed. 

But what really made her smile was her memory of a man she'd seen there. He was every bit as hunky as the men on her late night television fare, and she could feel his dark eyes as they roamed up and down her body while he sipped his beer and waited for his turn to shoot. He continuously looked her up and down... and wasn't being too coy about it, either. 

Maybe neither of them approached each other for the exact same reason... because she was with her gaggle of partying friends, more than a few of them a bit tipsy. But she'd looked his way several times, and every time she caught him looking at her, once even eyeing her legs... slowly, from ankles all the way up to her short skirt. His gaze was so intense that she thought he was looking right through her skirt. And when she finally left that night, her panties were more than a little wet. 

The memories, coupled with the moans from the television, made her again bite her lip... and clamp her thighs together tightly. She looked at the wall clock. Twelve fifteen... still early by partying standards. And certainly early for an all-night pool hall. 

She briefly considered a trip to that pool hall, just to see if that man was there again. Then she scolded herself, saying she was being ridiculous. First of all, the chances of that man being there were minuscule at best. And with her luck, she'd end up getting mugged or killed, either outside the pool hall, or inside. But then she remembered the area. It was a pretty good neighborhood. All the men there had been a little rough around the edges, but not losers or psychos. It was a pretty safe clientele. And outside the hall, the streets were well lit, what with the bowling alley nearby and several stores, not to mention a brightly lit Burger King and the always bustling Caffeine Corner right next to it. 

When she made her mind up to risk it, her next consideration was whether to do it alone or call on one of her friends to go with her. She nixed the friend idea for two reasons: first, if she was hoping to get lucky, a friend along would squelch that rather quickly, and second, since it was now almost twelve thirty it would be rather rude to possibly wake up a friend to ask him/her if they wanted to go to a pool hall with her so she could maybe get laid. She winced at the mere thought of that scenario. No, she'd have to go it alone. 

She now found herself getting excited about just the naughty idea of it... going to a pool hall in the middle of the night hoping to see a man she'd only glanced at a few times months ago... and for what? Just on the off chance she'd get into his tight but well-filled pants? Just that quickly her rising anticipation plummeted. Who was she kidding? She'd probably get there and find a roomful of wrinkled old geezers, or a gang of pool-shooting lesbians, or who knows what. Yeah, that would be her luck. 

She was just about to give up on the whole crazy idea when she again heard the moans from the television. The nymph was now in a Jacuzzi with two completely different studs, and one was taking her from behind while the other was lathering her breasts with some creamy liquid while sucking face with her. That did the trick. Kristen slammed her thumb on the "power" button on her remote, leaving the wet trio to play in their bubbling water unobserved.. at least by her. She bounded out of the living room and made for her closet... not for Mr. Buzzy, but for a seductive outfit to wear to BRENDAN'S. 

While getting quickly dressed, she briefly considered not wearing any panties, but then thought better of it. She was horny, but she wasn't a tramp. Her final outfit consisted of a really hot, short red skirt with a slit up one side, a black tube top from Frederick's that had sheer nylon mesh that enticingly let her cleavage peek through, red four inch high heels and thigh high ultra sheer mocha colored stockings. Her panties, from Victoria's Secret, were the flimsiest black lace, with tiny red frill along the waistband. They were her favorite panties. She was hoping someone else would like them as much as she did. 

Kristen was almost breathless as she drove the eleven miles to BRENDAN'S. She itched between her legs. She squirmed as she thought of the possibilities... but she wasn't fooling herself. She figured her night would still end with Mr. Buzzy. But she sighed and thought, "Oh what the hell... no harm in trying. What have I got to lose? I'm so horny I could hump a fence post! I'm going to take my shot. If it all falls through... well... I tried. Can't blame myself for that. "

She again bit her lip, this time nervously, as she pulled into the parking lot at BRENDAN'S. Light came through the building's only window and she could see a flurry of activity inside. Well, at least she could go in and have a drink if nothing else. She parked, got out, locked up her car, and walked to the front door of BRENDAN'S. She stood in front of the door for several minutes, taking deep breaths. She'd never done anything like this before. Again she almost backed out... but visions of the nymph with her two studs in that bubbling Jacuzzi propelled her finally through the door. 

When she entered, five pairs of eyes turned her way. They looked her up and down, each pair lingering over various parts of her... admiring favorite anatomical features. All the men smiled, some nodded in greeting. The two men playing pool stopped to look at her, then resumed their game, smiles on their otherwise concentrating faces. Thankfully, no geezers or lesbians. In fact, no women in there at all. And none of the men could've been over thirty five... forty at the outside. 

The man furthest away from the door was sitting in the shadows behind the men playing pool. When Kristen walked over to the small bar and sat on a stool, he came out of the shadows and walked behind the bar. 

"Welcome to BRENDAN'S... my place," he said, "What can I get for you?"

Kristen's jaw dropped as she looked at the man's rugged face and his deep, dark eyes. It was the same man who'd leered at her months earlier! She was speechless for awhile, staring at him. He looked to be in his late twenties, with broad, strong shoulders that were well advertised in his clinging muscle shirt. He leaned on the bar in front of her and smiled... then chuckled. 

"Hi," he said, offering his hand, "I'm Brendan... proud owner of my little slice of the pie here. " He waited for a reply... and a handshake. 

"Oh," Kristen said, laughing at herself, "hi, I'm Kristen. Um... sorry... don't mean to seem brain dead. "

"No problem," his smile was warm, "now, did you want something to drink?"

"Um... yeah... actually. You wouldn't have Michelob on tap, would you?"

"Sure do. Coming right up. "

She laid a twenty dollar bill on the bar and waited for her beer. She watched Brendan's pecs and biceps as the simple act of pouring her beer from the tap made them flex ever so slightly. She was almost sorry when he finished getting her beer and brought it to her. 

"So, what brings a gorgeous lady like you to a pool hall alone in the middle of the night?"

Kristen was practically drooling over Brendan, visions of a bubbly Jacuzzi in her brain, and she decided he looked just good enough to eat. She came here for a reason... and she intended to take her best shot at it. 

"Well... you want honesty?" she asked. 

"Of course," he laughed, "what else?"

"All right, then, two things, really. I'm bored as hell," she said, replacing the word horny with bored, "and I was going nuts sitting at home. "

"And the second reason?" he smiled. 

"Well, to be honest... I was hoping to meet someone here. Someone I saw here a few months ago, but never spoke to. "

"Stop right there," Brendan said, "let me take a crack at this. "

Kristen nodded, smiling, sort of grateful for the reprieve before her confession. 

"Let's see... this man... I'll bet he saw you here, too. I'll bet he saw you sitting right over there with some friends. I'll bet he was looking you up and down, wanting you. And I'll bet you looked back at him, too... and I'll bet you wanted him... wanted him enough to even come back to hopefully meet him. I'll bet that man looked alot like me, right? If I'm off base, here, just tell me. "

Kristen was licking the rim of her glass, staring at him. Her breathing was coming short and fast, her heart beating likewise. He knew, she thought... he knew. She looked nervously around the room and saw four other pairs of eyes on them. All of those eyes sparkled above smiling lips. 

Finally, Kristen said, "No... you're not off base. I admit it. It was you I came to see... though I didn't know you owned the place. "

"Well, Kristen, you've found me... now what?" he grinned. He propped his elbow up on the counter and rested his chin in the palm of his hand, his face mere inches from Kristen's, his eyes boring into hers. His smile was both friendly and seductive. Kristen almost flinched, but held her ground. 

"Well," she said, looking him boldly in the eyes, "I don't really know. I thought maybe... well... "

"Kristen," he interrupted, whispering softly to her, "I don't believe you're so much bored, as just plain horny. " He smiled, and winked. 

Kristen blushed, looked downward briefly, but then recovered. She looked him in the eye and decided it was time to go for broke. She was too much in need to be coy. Besides, wasn't this her very plan? Did she have the nerve to really go for it, or was she going to slink back home and play with Mr. Buzzy?

"Brendan," she winked back, licking her lips slowly, "you're absolutely right. I'm so horny right now I could take on the Dallas Cowboys... and outlast every one of them. "

Brendan laughed, then reached out his strong hand and gently stroked her face. He briefly chewed his lip and looked from her face down to the cleavage-revealing mesh of her tube top. His eyes caught the perking nipples on either side of it. Those dark eyes then twinkled with mischievous glee. 

"Really? The entire Dallas Cowboys team? Wow... you must have some great drive... and stamina. "

"Oh, yeah... especially when I'm like this. " She got bolder now and touched his hand with hers, gently stroking his knuckles. 

Brendan looked at her eyes, then her lips, then back to the heaving cleavage. 

"Would you excuse me just for one sec?" he asked. Thinking - hoping - he was going to excuse himself and take her to some private room, she nodded and watched breathlessly as he walked out from behind the bar and went over to the pool table. He gestured for the other four men to circle around him. Kristen saw the men nodding and assumed she and Brendan would soon be leaving to enjoy each other. Then, one by one,the men each leaned back to look over at her, smiling broadly, and returned to the circle. After several minutes, Brendan returned to her. He stood next to her on her side of the bar, leaning against it, looking down at her. 

"Kristen, I want you to be honest with me," he said. 

"Oh, like I haven't been up to now?" she replied, smiling but annoyed at the delay in trysting with him. 

"That comment about taking on the Dallas Cowboys. You really that horny? I mean, is that a fantasy of yours... being with several men at once?"

Kristen started to become offended by the question, to tell him no loudly and clearly. But then her mind went back to the lucky girl in the Jacuzzi, and that same girl earlier in the... pool hall! Each time she'd had two men servicing her needs. Just thinking about it was getting Kristen even hornier, if that were possible. 

Feeling the moisture spreading between her legs, she realized that sex with more than one man, even several men, was indeed a turn-on. Maybe her crack about the Dallas Cowboys was a Freudian slip. Maybe sex with more than one man, like in the cable movie, was what drove her tonight... what made her leave the house at this late hour. She looked at Brendan and couldn't believe what she said next. 

"I'm really that horny. Several men? Yeah... why not?" She closed her eyes, envisioning it... "Oh, yeah, I'll bet that would be wild. "

"Well," said Brendan, "you've got five willing men right here... right now. How 'bout it?"

Kristen's head was swimming now. She looked at the other four men, still in their small circle by the pool table. They smiled and looked at her and each other and at Brendan. Kristen licked her lips and sighed. She couldn't deny the growing circle of wetness between her aching thighs. She looked up at Brendan, who once again stroked her face with his hand. She was burning with desire, and couldn't deny her need any longer. 

"Okay," she smiled up at him, her eyes glinting with lascivious delight, "let's go for it. I'm horny enough to take you all on. I'm game if you all are. "

"Oh, believe me... we are... all of us. "

"All right, then, let's do it. " Then she added, slyly, "Let's see what you guys have. "

Brendan walked over to the door. He turned off the "Open" sign and locked the door. He pulled the shades on the lonely little window and turned off all the interior lights except for one, leaving the room cast in a pale, yellow light. 

"Time to play. Everybody ready?" he asked, already walking toward Kristen... 

Brendan strolled up to Kristen, every inch of him exuding sex. She got off the barstool and stood directly in front of him, pretending to be defiant and cocky, but her stomach was a playground for butterflies. Brendan grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her to him, mashing his mouth against hers. She opened hers to allow his tongue entrance, and then wrapped her arms around his neck, giving him her tongue in return for his. She practically attacked him, biting his lips and sucking on his tongue, several weeks worth of unfulfilled desires cascading out from deep inside her. 

Her lust ignited his, and he lifted her in his arms and carried her to the pool table, his lips never stopping their work on her mouth. The other four men were already tugging off shirts and unzipping pants, but they moved aside to let Brendan lay Kristen on the pool table. 

When he had her on the table, he climbed up after her and got on his knees between her legs. He ripped off her shoes and threw them, having no idea where they might have landed, and not caring. Then he lifted her legs up and braced her calves on his chest. His hands groped their way up her legs and his fingers finally found what they sought... the waistband of her lacy, frilly panties. 

Kristen's and Brendan's eyes were locked together as he tugged her panties down her thighs and calves. When he got her panties as far as her ankles, he held her legs up in the air with one hand around both her ankles and whisked the panties past her heels and off over her feet. Still holding her legs straight up, he crumpled her panties up in his other hand and brought them to his nose. His eyes still boring into hers, he sniffed her panties and smiled. He licked his lips. Kristen's bare crotch dripped and pouted up at him. 

Tossing the panties over his shoulder, Brendan kept holding Kristen's legs up in the air. With the other hand now free, he started stroking her velvety mound. But he wanted to make Kristen aware of what she'd gotten herself into, so as he stroked her warm slit with two slow moving fingers, he put her pussy on display for the other men, letting her red slit dress ride all the way up her legs. 

"Look here, fellas. This sweet pussy is all ours. We can do anything we want with it... all night long. Isn't that right, Kristen?" His fingers played teasingly between her moist lips and she moaned her reply, her tongue sticking out between her teeth as he boldly explored inside her slit and let the other men watch as he did. All four of the other men were staring at Kristen's exposed sex and were champing at the bit to get at it. Five previously flaccid members began to harden and grow... pulse and throb. 

Brendan then turned to one of the men, a man as hard bodied as Brendan, but a few years older. 

"Randy, you're always bragging about what that tongue of yours can do for a lady. Come on over here and let's see you prove it. This is one pussy that's pretty enough to eat. Give Kristen here some of that magic tongue. "

Randy was only too eager. With Brendan still holding her legs up and displaying her charms for all to see, Randy came to the side of the pool table and reached his arms around Kristen's hips. He tugged hard on her, turning her sideways on the table, lifting her bottom off of it and dragging her to the side edge. Brendan let go of her legs, because Randy already had his hands on her thighs and was spreading her legs wide. In less time than it takes to say it, Randy's tongue was eagerly at work on Kristen's dripping sex. He was as good as his word, and in seconds Kristen was squirming and moaning on the table. 

Kristen's mouth opened wide when she moaned, and her tongue moved about inside it. Brendan saw this as an invitation he could not refuse. He unzipped his pants and unbuckled his belt, immediately thereafter lowering his pants down around his knees. He leaned forward and used one hand to brace himself on the edge of the table. With his other hand he grabbed the top of Kristen's head and turned her face toward him slightly, enough so that his throbbing erection hovered directly over her moaning mouth. 


Wasting no time, he lowered himself down and slipped his pulsating meat into her mouth. She took it hungrily, one hand rising up to stroke as much of it as wasn't yet in her mouth. Her hand alternated between stroking him and fondling his testicles. Stroking and squeezing... stroking and squeezing... 

A third man, a young mid-twenties stud with an enormous cock, got up on the table on the other side of Kristen. He was stroking his shaft, waiting his turn with Kristen. But he didn't need to wait long. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw his hand squeezing and rubbing his huge member and lifted her other arm off the table to take over for him. While she sucked and licked Brendan's formidable rod and stroked it and his testicles eagerly, she also stroked the other man's large, throbbing muscle. 
