 She knew it as well as I, and everyone else on campus knew. She was absolutely beautiful and she wasn't ashamed to show off her "features." Hardly did anyone see her in anything less than a tight mini skirt that just barely covered her tight ass, showing off a great deal of her bronze-tanned legs. And it was more than common for her to have a tight, low-cut top that beautifully revealed the cleavage of her beautiful breasts (which we guessed were at least 34D) and hugged her trim, slim 26" waist. I would admire Laura's long blonde hair and green eyes from a distance in class while the professor rambled on and on about who knows what. She was the girl everyone wanted but could never get, but hell, I could dream, couldn't I?

I would imagine touching that sweet ass of hers and rubbing myself all over her body, tasting her lips, her luscious breasts, and her tight, sweet...

"Mr. Calvin," said a voice that brought me back to reality. My eyes split open and I stared at my professor standing next to me, in the back row, while there was no one else in the room.

"I hope I wasn't boring you with my lesson," he said.

"Sorry, sir," I said, letting an involuntary yawn.

"Well, that's another lesson you missed. I hope, though, that in the midst of your dreams, you caught the part about the test next month."

"Sure thing, sir," I replied.

"I don't know how you do it, Mr. Calvin," he said, sitting down next to me.

"Do what?" I asked.

"You could sleep through every class if you wanted and yet you're number one in the class. How do you do it? It doesn't seem humanly possible."

"Well, it's not that hard. All I need are a good five hours alone, my favorite CD's, a couple bottles of beer, and maybe a hooker or two," I replied with a smile. The professor chuckled, patted me on the back and got up.

"I'll get you one day," he said, "but getting to the point, Mr. Calvin. Do you know a Ms. Laura Elm?"

"Sure," I answered, thinking about Laura's beautiful face.

"Well, unlike you, she's having a bit of trouble and requested you to tutor her for a while. Here's her dorm room," he said handing me a piece of paper. "She's expecting you now, if you're not too sleepy, that is."

"No, I'll be there," I said, getting up and rushing to the door.

I quickly ran across campus and arrived at her dorm sweating just a bit and hung around outside a while, trying to regain my cool and not seem too desperate. I mean, who wouldn't want to be with the hottest girl ever, even if it is for tutoring?

After chatting with a couple people around, I headed inside and walked up to her room on the top floor. Knocking on the door, I had to wait but a few seconds when it opened.

"Hey, Steve," she said. Like any other time, she was wearing a tight black mini skirt and matching low-cut top, showing off enough to give me an incredible hard-on.

"Hey," I said as she showed the way in. The room was decorated very brightly, but I couldn't take more time to notice it as I was led to her room, which was decorated with at least a dozen full sized posters of random things. The next thing I noticed was that she used her floor as a hamper. Clothes were strewn all over, on the desks and chairs, floors, as well as the bed. Looking at her closet, I could see that, unlike her floor, it was neatly, but tightly packed with clothing. Damn, how could anyone have so much clothes?

"Sorry about the mess," she said. "I had no time to do laundry yet, so I guess they're stuck on the floor for at least another couple of days."

"It's alright," I said, looking for a place to sit.

"Take a seat right there," she said, pointing to chair covered in clothing. I walked cautiously over and sat down, removing the clothing as I sat.

"Hey, what do we have here..." I said, lifting up a pair of black, lacy panties that could have well been a thong in one hand and a short, red, lacy nightgown that was obviously a size or two too small in the other. My cock started to strain against the material of my jeans realizing that I was holding Laura's used lingerie a foot away from my face.

"Sorry about that," she said, blushing. "I didn't have time to clean up cuz the professor talked to me right after class, wanting to set me up with a tutor right away."

As she reached across to take her lingerie away from me, I could swear that I could detect the lingering smell of sex on them, but before I could be sure, she snatched them away.

"Holy shit!" she cried. I stared at her dumbfound but then I noticed what she was looking at. I stared down at my lap and saw for the first time at my erection. The bulge pressed hard against the fabric of the jeans, stretching it to the limit, sticking out like a sore thumb. I attempted to cover it up my quickly turning in the chair, as if reaching for a book, but she grabbed my arm as I was reaching out.

"You really are turned on aren't you?" she asked with a smile.

"I...uh...can explain," I stammered.

"What's to explain?" she asked. "I know what you want. You want me don't you?"

"Um...well, you see...uh..." I tried to explain, but her lip quieted me as she leaned forward and pressed them against mine. Her lips were like silk, soft and gentle. I felt her tongue brush against my lips and I welcomed it with my own. I stood up and held her close to me, feeling her tiny back and reaching downwards, gently touching her firm ass.

"Let me help you with that problem," she said, breaking our kiss and unbuttoning my pants. I quickly stepped out of them, kicking off my shoes, along with my socks. Laura began tugging against my boxers until my reluctant erection was freed.

"Oh my God," she gasped as the fully erect nine inches sprung free and slapped against her cheek. I pulled my shirt off as Laura grabbed the bottom of my cock and began licking up and down the length of it. I moaned in pleasure as she continually kissed the head of my cock and flicking her tongue against the tip.

"Oh God, you're so good..." I managed to moan before she took the entire length into her mouth, bobbing up and down her left hand holding my ass and her right hand inside of her skirt, rubbing her pussy. I could feel her nose press against my pubic hair as she held my cock in the mouth without moving. I looked down at her questioningly and she slowly pulled it out, raking her teeth on my cock.

"Oh God, you little tease," I said, but she merely giggled as she continued bobbing up and down, her soft lips bringing me to heaven. Her warm and wet mouth was almost too good as my cock pressed against the back of her throat. I placed my hands on the back of her head, guiding her as she was bringing me to the edge of cumming.

"Oh God, you suck great cock. You're so fucking hot. Do you know that?" I moaned.

"I think we all know that," a voice said. I turned around to face Laura's roommate, Carla, a petite blonde, a little over five feet tall, with perhaps the largest, most perfect set of tits that I could ever imagine on anyone, but was especially hot on her. I knew some guys were turned off by large tits on a very small girl (thinking that it didn't look natural), but to me, all I thought about was placing my stiff cock in between those beautiful mounds.

"Holy shit," I said, but Laura pretended not to notice as she continued to give me the best head ever, and if anything, started to go faster. I knew I should have pulled away, but all I could think about was cumming right then and there.

"Don't mind me," Carla said, walking over to us and crouching down. Laura took her mouth off my cock as Carla grabbed her face and pulled Laura towards her, kissing her full, silky lips. I could see their tongues slip into each other's mouths as they began rubbing each other's breasts together. Carla's hands roamed to Laura's back and firmly grabbed her tight ass. Laura's hands had a firm grasp on Carla's 40D tits and began kneading them through the fabric.

They broke their kiss long enough for each other to pull of the other's tops. I stared in amazement at Laura's perfect tits, braless, which didn't bother me at all, and then my eyes wandered to Carla's enormous breasts after being freed from a thin bra. They were so large, so smooth and tight, leaving a wonderful cleavage that just screamed for a hot piece of meat to be stuck in between them.

They continued to kiss, rubbing their erect nipples together, hands wandering all over each other's body, tongues lashing out at each other and my cock straining for release. While they continued to fondle and taste one another, I had sat back down and grabbed a pair of white, lacy French-cut panties left on the bed next to me and wrapped it around my cock, the fabric feeling wonderful on my throbbing cock. Then I began to jack myself off to the wonderful scene in front of me, two hot roommates going at it.

Carla stood up as Laura reached out to unbutton her jeans, pulling them down to reveal slim legs and a black thong. Hooking her thumbs in the thong, Laura quickly slid them off as Carla stepped out of them, playfully kicking them onto my lap. My mouth dropped at the sight of her bare pussy, completely shaved clean. My hands pumped faster, looking at her glistening slit, so young and tight, a trickle of her pussy juice running down her legs. Laura stood up and pulled down her skirt, tossing them at my face. When I could see her again, I almost blew my load right then and there.

Laura's pussy was so beautiful. Completely shaven, it looked so smooth and so tempting. From where I sat, I could only see the topmost part of her pussy, the rest hidden in between her legs. Carla moved over to the bed, laid down and spread her pussy lips, showing me the pinkness inside.

"I want you to taste something," she said. I walked over to her and got onto my knees. Putting her right leg over my shoulder, I pushed the other as far apart as possible and ran my tongue up and down her juicy, wet slit. I felt something push against my leg and I spread them wider. Looking down, I saw Laura's head pop in as she took my erect cock into her mouth. She held my cock at the bottom of the shaft to keep it from springing back up. Her other hand disappeared behind my back, most likely fingering that tight pussy of hers.

"C'mon baby, make me cum," Carla said, pulling my head into her pussy.

I probed my tongue against her opening until it finally popped in. Then I began to fuck her with my tongue, pushing in and out rapidly while Carla moaned in pleasure.

"Oh, that's it, fuck me with your tongue."

"Oh baby, you're so tight. Tell me what you want me to do," I said.

"Oh, fuck! I want your hard cock in my tits and up my sweet young pussy."

"Yeah?"

"Oh fuck! Yeah, I want you to make me cum...oh yeah...FUCK, you're so good!"

I worked my way up to her clit and took it between my lips and began to suck on it, flicking it with my tongue, my hands wandering up to her tits. I began to feel those large orb in the palm of my hands; her nipples felt so small on her tits, but oh so erect.

"Oh baby, that's it," Carla moaned. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh FUCK! I'm CUMMING!"

I felt a wonderful sensation as her body trembled and my mouth was covered in her warm juices. When she finally settled, her breasts were still heaving up and down.

I got up and crawled onto the bed, kissing her tits. Straddling her waist, Carla pushed her tits together as I pushed my cock inwards, which had gotten incredible large, throbbing with every beat of my heart, pre-cum dripping out of it and onto her chest. Grabbing hold of her tits, she pushed them even closer as my cock worked it way in. Soon my entire ten inches was through and she had opened her mouth to take in whatever popped up. I moaned as I began pumping my hips, my cock sliding in and out her tits, going a couple of inches into her mouth with each thrust. I felt a pair of hands around my eyes and then heard a voice speak.

"I'm beginning to think that you've forgotten about me."

"Of course not, Laura."

"Well, a girl doesn't take it well when she blows a great cock and then doesn't cum in return."

"I'm sorry?" I said playfully. I head her giggle and the next thing I knew I was thrown on my back and Laura was straddling my cock, easing down onto it. I looked down to watch my thick meat slide in, but Carla suddenly crawled onto my face, pussy dripping into my mouth. I felt her hands on my cock, guiding her roommate's cunt onto my dick. Her ass lowered gently onto my face as I began eating her out again, this time sticking a finger into that pussy of hers.

"Oh God, oh FUCK!" I heard Laura moan as she rose up and down onto my cock. Her pussy like a vice on my cock, gripping it and never wanting to let go. It took all my will power not to cum in her tight twat right then to relieve the stress. I felt a warm and wet tongue on my cock, moving up and down my shaft along with Laura. I could feel her tongue come into contact where my cock and Laura's pussy came into contact, sending me closer to the edge.

"Oh, Jesus!" I cried into Carla's pussy, spreading her ass with my hands.

"Oh God, you're so fucking BIG!" Laura moaned. "That's it, lick my tits, baby, oh...ohh...yeah, I love it when you bite my nipples."

I looked up, prying myself away from that wonderful pussy to see that Carla was sitting straight up now, holding and licking and tasting Laura's breasts.

Reaching down, I put my hands on Laura's hips as she began to bounce faster, hands on my chest, pounding as fast and as hard as she possible could.

"Oh GOD!" she moaned.

"Oh yeah, baby, cum for me," Carla beckoned.

"Oh shit, oh fuck, you gotta have some of this great cock, its so fucking BIIIIIIIIIG!" she moaned as she came. She collapsed on top of me, my cock sliding out of her pussy. Carla lifted herself off my cock and got onto all fours in front of me.

"Got any fight left in ya?" she asked, looking back.

"Well, I don't know. I mean, Laura is such a great fuck and I don't know if you're worth it," I said moving behind her.

"I bet I can make you forget all about her," she said seductively.

On me knees, I got up behind her, place my hands around her waist and pointed my cock at the entrance of her pussy. I gently pushed into her, coming into some difficulty.

"Oh fuck, you're so tight," I moaned as the head finally went in with a "pop" and I slowly pushed inwards. Pushing inwards, her pussy walls gripped me hard, clamping my cock down, making it harder to go in. Laura, recovering from her orgasm, came up besides me.

"Oh, she's so tight, isn't she?"

"Yeah, she so fucking tight!"

"But tight is sooo good, isn't it?" she whispered in my ear.

"How would you know?" I asked rubbing her ass cheek as she moaned.

"Cuz I was the one who popped her cherry," she said smiling.

"Really? When?"

"This morning," she said. "With this." She lifted up, to my surprise, a harness with a dildo strapped on at the end. It was a small one, five inches and less than half as thick.

"Didn't have anything bigger?" I asked, finally pushing my cock in all the way, my balls and stomach pressed against her as I started to pump it into her. Carla put her head down, raising her ass higher in the air, allowing me to reach down and grab her tits with one hand and rub her shaved area with the other.

"Yeah, but the real thing is so much better. So how do you like the feel of a real manly cock in you pussy, baby?" she asked Carla. She turned back and moaned, tears running from her eyes.

"Oh, Carla, you're crying. Let me help you forget the pain." With that she moved in front of Carla, sat down and spread her legs, allowing Carla direct access. Watching Carla lick up and down her slit and pressing her face deep into her pussy was giving me so much motivation. My slow steady pace turned into a savage beating as I pumped in and out of her cunt with little regard to how I was stretching her wonderful pussy. But it seemed that no matter how much I fucked her, Carla's pussy held me as tight as ever.

Carla began moaning loudly into Laura's pussy as Laura started screaming in return. I leaned over, as well as Laura and we kissed as I continued to fuck Carla. Suddenly, Laura pulled away and fell back onto the bed screaming, withering under the force of her orgasm. I continued to fuck Carla's tight pussy as she began talking dirty.

"Oh yeah, oh yeah, don't stop fucking my pussy, oh please don't stop fucking my tight cunt. Make me cum hard. Oh, I'll never let you go; you're so fucking hot."

"Oh yes, cum for me baby, cum on my cock. Oh Shit! You're so fucking tight. A dildo? What the fuck were you thinking? Why have plastic when I can give you the thickest piece of meat you'll ever see?"

"Oh baby, this is so fucking good. I'll never get tired of your cock in my tight pussy. Oh that's it. Make me cum. Oh God, OH FUCK! HOLY SHIT, I'm – I'm..." she started, but couldn't finish as her orgasm hit her, causing her shake and fall, sliding away from my cock and into the arms of Laura, who had now recovered from her orgasm. On my knees, I walked in between the two, both now on their back, my balls tightened and ready to cum.

"Holy shit, I'm gonna cum," I warned them as I pumped the cum out of my cock. Immediately, the two were on their knees, mouths open, each taking their turn sucking the head of my cock and helping me jack off.

"Oh God, here it comes," I said as it Laura was about to suck on my cock some more. A long, thick stream of cum shot out of my cock and landed in her warm mouth. Three more shots followed, landing on her cheeks and one in her hair. I turn towards Carla as another gooey rope of cum landed on her tongue. I kept pumping, emptying my load all over her face, in her hair and some on her tits.

"Oh God that was so fucking great," I said, collapsing on the bed, leaning back against the wall. Laura turned towards Carla and, grabbing her face, pulled towards her, lips puckered, cum streaming out of those lips of hers. Carla opened her lips to kiss, accepting my cum as they kissed, sharing my cum. Pulling away, a string of cum connected their lips as they fell on either side of me. I reached down and started fingering their pussies again, wet gushing with juices. Laura reached around and grabbed a pair of panties cleaning her cunt with it and then dropped it on my face.

"What was that for?" I asked.

"Oh, nothing," she said. "Just something to keep you busy until next week."

"Next week?"

"Oh yeah," replied Carla. "Laura needs a lot of help in class. In fact, I think I may want to take another course, that is, if you're there to teach me..."