 It was Christmas 2002 and Irina and I were staying at Nadia's for a few days. We'd stayed in that evening and just chilled out with a drink or two and a film. Luckily, her parents were having a few nights away and we had the house to ourselves.

The chat had turned a little raunchy and we were all getting more and more aroused. If you haven't read my earlier stories, I'd better update you on what had happened in the previous 6 months. It had all started when Nadia told Irina about the size of her boyfriend Charlie's cock. She couldn't stop thinking about it so I suggested that she seduce him. I knew, with her amazing body, she would easily get him into bed. And so it prevailed. Within 10 minutes she was on her knees sucking his huge cock and within another 10 minutes she was laid naked on the bed having her brains fucked out.

They met a few times in the next few months, firstly we invited Charlie to us for an amazing threesome, then after her friend's wedding in London, Charlie fucked her in the car before they went to his mate's house for a threesome.

The most amazing turnaround came after a night out clubbing. Charlie had gone back to Nadia's house with Irina and Nadia. They'd all had a few drinks and Irina said she didn't believe Charlie's cock could be that big because the biggest she'd ever had was about 8 inches with a lover in Cyprus. Nadia asked him to get it out to prove it. He was already semi erect and as Nadia stroked him, his almost 10 inches of stiff, thick cock became irresistible to the girls. Nadia surprisingly invited Irina to touch it, unaware of how many hours it had been thrusting away inside her in the last few months. As Charlie and Nadia had started snogging and undressing one another, Irina's hand started wanking him. Nadia didn't seem to mind and was soon on her knees sucking her boyfriend's cock as he started to undress my wife and stroke her body. When Nadia laid naked on the settee spreadeagled and Charlie licked her out, Irina took the chance to suck Charlie's cock that she was getting so desperate for. Then whilst Charlie fucked Nadia missionary style on the settee, Irina stripped naked. Nadia was cumming hard within about 3 minutes, convulsing in orgasm and as he pulled out and sat on the settee, Irina, not waiting for approval, sat astride him, guiding him into her gaping wet fanny and rode him like the 24 year old whore she was. Before she knew it, he had manoeuvred her onto her back on the floor and she was cumming hard too. As she regathered her senses, she realised she was being coated in thick creamy semen. After that, they went upstairs and he was fucking them for another couple of hours.

So that current evening, we had been chatting about that threesome. Irina knew I fancied Nadia and we thought she might be up for sex with us. Even though we were giving each other sexy eyes all evening, she seemed reluctant to take it any further. 

I was sat on the sofa with Irina, caressing her body sensually throughout the evening. I kept it subtle, knowing her desire was ever growing. Nadia said she was tired and going to bed. We hoped she was going to invite us too but the invitation didn't come. So, as I opened out the sofa bed and arranged the bedding, Irina went to wash and get changed into a sexy silk robe which accentuated her amazing curves.

When she came back, I was under the duvet naked. She got in beside me. Her gorgeous long brown hair flowed down her beige, silk gown and her large firm breasts pressed hard against the fabric. I kissed her lips hard and pulled her to me, sliding my hand up her firm, tanned inner thigh. Soon her hand was stroking my cock which was already rock hard. "Oh darling, yes," she sighed, pushing her tongue into my mouth.

We had just left a table top lamp on so we could make love in the soft light. We heard the door open and Nadia stood there in her blue pyjamas. "I guessed you guys would already be having some fun," she said in her sexy Russian accent.

"There's something here for you Nadia," Irina said, pulling the duvet down and revealing my stiff 7 inch cock to her for the first time. We both looked into her eyes and saw how much she wanted it. She tentatively sat next to me on the edge of the sofa bed. I pulled her to me as I had my wife and kissed her soft lips hard. She was quite petite and her wavy light hair hung provocatively over her blue pyjama top. I wanted her so much and I knew Irina gave me full consent. How could she not after all her extra marital sex.

Her petite hand was soon wrapped around my rampant, throbbing cock and we explored the inside of each other's mouths with our tongues. I pulled her top off. She didn't have a bra on. Her breasts weren't as big as Irina's but I bent down to suck them and her nipples pressed hard against my tongue. Her breathing became deeper and she let out little moans, wanking my cock progressively harder.

Nadia was only 19 but I soon understood she was quite sexually experienced as she moved her head down to my crotch and took me between those sweet, soft lips. She held the base of my shaft and gave me amazing head, stroking my hairy balls with her other hand.

Irina looked me in the eyes as I stroked Nadia's hair. My wife's hand was working up inside her robe and I imagined her fingers stroking her wet fanny lips and engorged clitoris. "I bet you like her sucking your cock, don't you darling," she asked as she made a light moan and I imagined she'd slipped a finger inside herself.

I was desperate to taste Nadia. I spun her light body round into the 69 position and hurriedly pulled her pyjama trousers down to her knees. I took in the beautiful musk of her arousal and caressed her milky white arse cheeks, holding them apart and tasting the saltiness of her labia. She lifted her knees one by one so I could pull her trousers off. As I spread her wider, she sucked my cock even harder

Irina's moans became gradually louder as she fingered herself. I hadn't realised she would be so aroused watching me have sex with another woman. I held Nadia open and pushed my tongue as deep into her cunt as I could, lapping up all the sweet juices from her vagina. Suddenly, she took my cock from her mouth, still holding my hardness in her hand, gently wanking me. She turned around to face me and leant down to kiss me again, teasing my mushroom shaped head against her swollen vulva and clit. 

Then she sat up, kneeling astride me. She looked into my eyes deeply as she slowly impaled herself on my hard cock. As I moved deeper, she threw her head back with a moan, pressing her hands into the bed. As I watched her sink on to me, I held and fondled a breast with each hand. She looked so sexy. Her thatch of strawberry blonde pubic hair had been shaved into a neat triangle. Irina had told me Nadia liked to be fucked in long deep strokes just like she did, but she was in control. She ground hard against me as I had all 7 inches buried in her fanny, then she would shag up until my glans was only just held between her labia. But gradually she rode me harder and more intensely.

Irina was now laid on her back next to us. She had untied the belt on her gown and pulled it open unashamedly so we could watch her as we fucked. Her large breasts had spilled out and she used one hand to fondle them as the other hand guided 2 fingers slow and deliberately in and out of her soaking fanny. "Oh yes, fuck her hard darling," she cried.

Now Nadia was just using my cock to assuage her deepest desires and she fucked hard. I held her arse cheeks and then her waist as she started to tense and she held me all inside her and ground her clitoris against my pubis. She cried out wildly and spasmed continuously as she came. When her convulsions had ceased I rolled her onto her back and carried on fucking her. Soon I was getting ready to cum. "Oh yes, cum all over her darling," Irina sighed.

I knelt over Nadia's face and Irina took my cock in her hand and started wanking me. Nadia swirled her warm, wet tongue around my balls. As Irina sensed my orgasm was close I felt her tongue snake onto my arsehole and she wanked jet after jet of spunk all over Nadia's creamy white body. The first few shots hit her thighs, some in her pubis and stomach, then I turned around quickly and coated her pretty face and tender lips.

After another half hour, we finally got that invitation up to Nadia's room. Irina was insatiable now and whilst Nadia showered off, Irina sat on the edge of the bed and sucked me hard again which didn't take long. By the time Nadia came in again, my wife was bent over onto the bed and I was fucking her hard from behind. Nadia was still naked and we started kissing. It was obvious she wanted more sex as she caressed my pumping arse. 

Irina looked over her shoulder as we kissed. My hands held her waist firmly as I thrust into her. As she watched Nadia and I snogging, she came hard and noisily. I pulled out and asked Nadia to bend over in the same way. Irina had collapsed exhaustedly onto the bed and I guided my engorged cockhead back to Nadia's pussy. It wasn't the gaping wetness that it had been but as I fucked her with long, gentle strokes, her honeypot once again melted for me.

Over the next half hour I made love to Nadia in several different positions. I was fucking her doggy style on the bed when she came again. By now Irina was desperate for hard cock. She rode me hard and then I fucked her missionary style. "I want to watch you cum in Nadia," she told me as I thrust hard into my wife's sodden cunt.

"I want to fuck you up the arse first, darling," I replied. Nadia sat on the bed stroking herself as I asked her if she had any lube. She opened a bedside drawer and handed me some. I pulled my cock out of Irina's twat and went down on her. I smeared the lube on my fingers and rubbed it all over my wife's tight brown puckered anus and as I slipped a finger into her rectum, I felt Nadia's lips around my cock. She sucked me with that amazing 19 year old's lust as I slipped a second greased digit into Irina's arse. "Smear my cock with lube, babe," I ordered Nadia. She sensually performed the task.

I effortlessly slipped into Irina's arse and shagged her as we French kissed. "I really want to cum in Nadia's arse," I gasped. Nadia's tongue was all over my arse and I pulled out as I sensed I was getting close. I pushed Nadia onto all fours. Holding her arse cheeks apart, I pushed my tongue onto her anus to taste her. I probed her with my hard tongue, wanting to taste inside her. Then I lubed her up with my fingers and I couldn't wait any longer. Irina knelt next to me and kissed me as I pushed my bulbous glans against Nadia's glistening sphincter. With a hard gasp, she accepted me into her otherwise forbidden zone. As I started to shag her, I pushed my tongue into Irina's mouth and slid 2 fingers up her hairy pussy. Nadia's arse gripped me tightly and it wasn't long before I was shooting copious offerings of semen deep into her rectum. I fingered my wife harder and she came on my fingers. I pulled out and we both watched the spunk running out of Nadia's beautiful, well fucked arse.