 4:00 pm, Monday

The phone rang. I was at my desk writing a report for a school. The sound of the phone brought me back to the office. I answered.

"Lee."

"This is Pete, Megan's boyfriend."

"Hi Pete. What can I do for you?" I wondered if this call was about to be about Megan fucking someone besides Pete last weekend.

"Lee, I had a fight with your daughter last night."

"And...?"

"And I need some advice on what to do now."

"You want Megan's Dad in the middle of this?"

"I don't know who else to talk to."

"Megan."

"That won't help. I know how she feels and it's tearing me apart."

"Stop. I'll coach you but on my turf. I don't want to know what started the fight. I don't want any of the details. I want short answers to my questions. Agreed?"

"OK."

"Whose problem is it?"

"She caused it!"

"You need to concentrate here. Listen to the question. I'm asking you whose problem is it right now?"

"Mine."

"And, who do you want to solve the problem?"

"Megan."

"Can you give one good reason why Megan should solve your problem?"

"We are in relationship?"

"Nice answer, but it won't work. If I put on a purple shirt and we are going somewhere together and you just don't like purple shirts is my shirt color my problem?"

"No. It's my problem."

"And you can ask me to please change shirts but you know I can say No. You know that the shirt is not a problem over here. It is your problem. How can you solve your problem?"

"I can stay home and not go wherever we were going."

"Any other possibilities?"

"I could decide that your shirt is not my problem and I can ignore it."

"Good. Now, since the problem you have that involves Megan is your problem what can you do to solve the problem?"

"I can let it go and try to be OK with what she told me or I can end the relationship."

"That sounds like two options at the extremes of the continuum of possibilities. Are there any other options?"

"Either I'm OK with what she said or I'm not."

"Are you?"

"No."

"Can you be?"

There was a pause. "No."

"Can you continue to live as you are living if the answer is no?"

"No."

"My coaching is this: Change how you are living. Whatever Megan said to you has altered the relationship. Women do that sometimes. Men do that sometimes. Relationships seldom stay the same for long periods of time. What do you want to happen?"

"I want her to..."

"Stop! You cannot want her to anything! That is unrealistic. The question is what are you going to do?'

"I cannot live like this. This is a deal breaker."

"Are you moving or is Megan?"

"I don't know."

"When you decide let me know. Since it sounds like you've decided to break up with my daughter I want you to know that you will be welcome at any family gathering that Megan invites you to. I will not invite you to any family activities. I will be willing to coach you anytime, but you will no longer get the family discount of 100%. Just like all my clients you will pay for every conversation of coaching up front. None of that means I think less of you or that my opinion of you has changed."

"I'll think all that over and call you after I talk with Megan."

"If it's easier just have Megan call me."

"OK. Thanks."

"You're welcome. Good-bye."

I hung up and turned back to the computer. That went well. He was being run by a belief that he picked up somewhere that told him that if Megan fucked someone that was totally unacceptable. He believed that one person should love only one person. That belief was about to cost him.

Ten minutes later the phone rang again.

"Lee."

"Megan."

"Hi Honey! What's up?"

"I think Pete is going to call you."

"No, I don't think so. He already did."

"Did he tell you about the fight?"

"No details. He wanted coaching so I gave him some. I gave him the "Whose problem is it?" talk. Now he is solving his problem. Either he will call me when it is solved or you will."

"Dad, if his solution is to break up with me I can't afford to live here alone. Can I move in with you until I can get a roommate or two?"

"You can move in with me tonight if you want. I promise you can stay a month. Anytime during that month we can talk about you living here and what that would mean for after the month. When do you want to move?"

"My car is full. I can come back tomorrow and get the rest if I can use your van. Can I come home tonight?"

"You have a key. Would you like it if I made dinner for us?"

"Yes! I'll be there in less than an hour."

"I love you."

"I love you too."

I set the timer on my desk for thirty minutes and went back to work. When the timer sounded I stopped work and went to the kitchen. I used a packaged Garlic Chicken Stir-fry as the beginning and added rice and some of my own touches. When it was done Megan walked in.

In the past our hellos were short hugs and brief kisses. This time she walked up to me, sat her purse and the bag she carried on the counter and our hug was long, intimate and the kiss insistent and probing. My how that young woman could kiss. Pete was going to miss that!

We ate and talked. She told me how she had learned some valuable lessons living with Pete, but that he wasn't as open as she was about a lot of life issues. I didn't need to know about how she told him about fucking someone else and loving someone else and Megan knew that so she didn't go there.

After we unloaded her car and put her stuff in what was a guest room we sat in the family room and talked some more. We talked about how Kat and Pam fit in my life and now hers. She told me that she had known since she was twelve that she was bi. She even told me about how she figured it out. She surprised me by telling me how she figured out what the problem was in my marriage with her mom. Neither my ex nor I had really talked with the kids about the depth of the problem between us. Megan was right on target with what she had figured out.

My ex had much the same beliefs that Pete did. I discovered that I could and did love more than one person. Some I loved and that didn't include any sexual component and some I loved and that included sexually. In my wife's eyes almost any physical contact between people not married to each other was sinful and wrong. I hugged almost everyone I knew. Our marriage ended because I would not limit my love or my physical affection to just her. I didn't commit adultery according to the law. I didn't have coitus with anyone while I was married or while they were.

10:45 pm Monday

When I saw the time I said I was going to bed. Megan just sat there looking at me. There was a question in her eyes.

"Come on. Let's shower and go to bed." Her eyes brightened and she raced me to the shower.

I noticed the bruises on her breasts as I soaped her. I remembered how Pam had put one of them there. 

"Yes, Pete saw the hickies, but only after I told him about fucking someone else."

We dried each other and went to bed. There is something so special about falling to sleep spooned up against someone you love. As I spooned against Megan's back and we started to fall asleep she said, "Daddy, I love loving you."

"You feel so good right here next to my heart. I love you too."

About 9 am, Tuesday

Morning came gently. We woke up together and took our time welcoming the new day. We slowly joined and talked while we moved in the dance that leads to a deeper connection. It was like kissing when you know the promise is for later, not right now. We didn't rush towards an orgasm. We joined as a way of being One. When we were ready to shower and start our days we kissed some dozen or more times and then got up.

In the shower Megan spoke.

"I've never done that before."

"What are you talking about?"

"We made love and neither one of us came. It was so sweet. It was gentle and loving without the urgency. Where did you learn that?"

"Bonny taught me that."

"Bonny was the woman who had MS wasn't she?"

"Yes. Fucking to climax was painful, so we learned together how to love differently. I loved the slow gentle joinings we shared."

"Joinings?"

"A word I picked up somewhere. What we just did and what Bonny and I did wasn't fucking. There is urgency in fucking. I've never liked the term making love. If the love isn't already there putting a cock in a pussy won't make it. Gently joining the bodies of two people who already love each other is joining. Joining connects people physically who are already connected in spirit."

"You really loved her, didn't you?"

"Still do."

"I'm sorry we missed the funeral."

"She knew where we were and she needed to go, not wait on our being available. I miss her. I miss your mother too. And lots of other people who were in my life and aren't as present anymore."

We exited the shower and dressed for the day. Megan took the van and went off to Pete and her apartment. I took the report to the school and came back before noon.

The rest of our week went quietly. I taught three classes and accepted two new bookings for seminars. Megan went to work each day and stopped by her apartment on her way home each day after work. 

About 6 pm, Thursday

When she got home Thursday evening she said she was finished. All her stuff was out of the apartment and she and Pete had talked.

That evening I got two calls, one from Pete and one from Kat.

Pete wanted me to tell him where Megan was staying. I asked if he thought Megan had forgotten to tell him. He said no. I asked if he thought she wanted me to tell him where she was. He thought a few seconds and said, "Probably not." 

I didn't tell him.

When Kat called I filled her in on Megan's situation and asked if she and Pam were available for this weekend. 

"I am, but Pam is working Saturday, day watch."

"So, I'll pick you up at seventeen hundred on Friday and we can pick up Pam at seventeen hundred Saturday."

"Great! But, isn't that a lot of driving for you?"

"You and Pam are both worth it! As we talk I'm thinking: what if we don't come home on Friday night but stay somewhere nearer the base until time to pick Pam up?"

"Like the No-Tell Motel?"

"No. Like a quiet little place I know of that is quite romantic as I recall reading somewhere."

"Oh, now you're talking!"

"Kat, I want you to answer from your heart. Do you want Friday night to be just you and me or do you want me to invite Megan?"

"Will she be hurt if I say I want you to myself?"

"No, I don't think so. She has been here with me every night. I think it would be just fine for her to stay behind, this time."

"What if I wanted her to come and pick me up and leave you behind?"

"Well, I know her financial situation and in that case you two will be at the No-Tell Motel."

"Oh, well that changes everything!" There was laughter in her voice. "I choose you for all the best financial reasons!"

"Seriously, if you ladies want time together without me I'm OK with that. I know that for the relationships between you to grow you'll need time together. I would like it not to be this weekend, if that's OK with you."

"This relationship is getting really serious. Sometimes I think about us and it feels like we're old married people, all comfortable and everything. Sometimes I'm aware that every part of this is new and strange and weird."

"This relationship is just as serious as you want it to be. I'm not going to marry any of you. I am loving each of you. Do you feel loved?"

"I do! That's one of the things I'm having trouble with. I've been told all the stuff about one man, one woman. Now here I am in relationship with a man and two women! Part of my brain thinks I should feel guilty and run off to a convent or something."

"What about the other part of your brain?"

"It loves when you hold me. It loves being kissed by any of you. It loves when we are together and suddenly we are all laughing together. The other part of my brain loves waking up holding and being held by people who love each other."

"How much of that feeling is available in the convent?"

"None!"

"Choose."

"I'll be at the gate at seventeen hundred with no panties on."

"Me too, Honey. See you then." We both were laughing as we hung up.

I talked with Megan about the weekend. She understood about Kat wanting some one-on-one time with me. She also was flattered that Kat wanted some one-on-one with her too.

After 11 pm, Thursday

I walked into the bedroom and found that Megan had made some changes. The sheets had been changed and the quilt that normally lived on the bed was replaced with a light down comforter. Megan had put two small tables near the bed and each had three candles on it. They were scented and the fragrance of vanilla softly filled the room. Megan was no where to be seen.

On the bed was a red bordered piece of paper that said, shower and shave please. I showered and shaved. When I walked back into the bedroom Megan was in bed, waiting for me.

I got into bed and as I leaned back onto the pillow Megan kissed me. It was a kiss that communicated passion and urgency. I gave it back to her.

The kiss ended and Megan spoke, "I want to tell you what I want. I want to be filled by you. I want to play with you and have you play with me until I explode! If I can I want to fall asleep with you still inside me."

"Since you have told me what you want let me tell you what I want. When I'm done you can tell me if you still want what you said."

I rolled over on top of Megan and kissed her neck. As I did I said, "I want to start by kissing your neck and ears."

Many minutes passed with no more words spoken. Sounds were made by both of us, but no words were spoken.

"I want to move my attentions to your chest."

Using my hands I held her by the wrists and extended her arms out away from her body. I leaned out to her right elbow and kissed the inside. Each successive kiss moved up her arm and soon I was kissing her underarm. Megan squirmed when I kissed her there. She moaned softly. She turned her head and watched me. I continued my trail of kisses up onto her chest and to her breast. I knew from the weekend before that she really liked having her nipples sucked and not so gently either.

I encircled her areola and nipple with my lips and waited. When I felt Megan lift her chest ever so slightly I sucked hard for about two seconds and released. Megan gasped and said, "Suck me!" 

Gently I sucked her in again. My tongue tip went around her nipple as I increased the pressure of my sucking. I held the pressure steady when she whimpered. I knew she was at that special place where pain and pleasure both existed together. Any more pressure and the pain would push the pleasure away.

I held on as long as I could, then the need to breathe demanded I stop. I did not release the lip lock. I took two long slow breaths through my nose and began to again suck on her areola and nipple. This time I flicked my tongue across her nipple and she moaned and said, "Yes! Oh Yes!"

I continued to hold her wrists away from her body. When I could no longer hold the pressure I released my lip lock on her. I kissed down into the valley between her breasts and up onto her left breast. With tongue tip I encircled her areola a few times  Before I took it in and began the sucking I knew she wanted.

As I increased the pressure I felt her hips begin their motion, rubbing her mons against me. I pressed back. I sucked her breast in, more than just the areola and nipple I sucked in all I could get.

"Oh Yes! Oh Daddy, I'm gonna cum! Oh, nnnnnnnoooowww!!"

Megan moved as much as she could with me on top of her. Her legs were open and I was between them. I felt a rush of wet against my lower belly and Megan went limp. I released her wrists and my lip lock on her breast. As she calmed I rested my head between her breasts. I listened and felt her heart beat.

We talked softly as her breathing and heart rate slowed. She wondered out loud about how being with me like this was going to affect her future. Especially her future with other men and women.

"Are you wondering if you can have a successful relationship after being loved by me?"

"I know I can love someone else too. I already have. I love Pete. But Pete doesn't love like you do."

"You may not want to hear this Sweetheart, but most women who want to really be loved need to teach the men in their lives how to do it."

"Why?"

"Women are put together differently than men. Men aren't as naturally interested in the relationship as women. No, I said that inaccurately. Men aren't as interested in the kind of relationship that women are interested in having. Years before your brother got married he told me he wanted a son. He wanted to play catch, teach his son about baseball, do stuff together. He never said he wanted a wife, home, two car garage, washer and dryer. Your sister told me about her someday husband when she was seven! She told me about their home, yard and color scheme before she had ever been on a date."

"She got all that stuff too."

"And a husband who doesn't pay attention to her."

"He is a dick!"

"No. He is the man biology and training have him be. His biology has him interested in the things he's interested in. His training, or lack of it, have him ignoring what his wife craves."

"Could you help him?"

"I could, if that was what he wanted. It isn't. We had a conversation last Thanksgiving about their marriage. He wants her to be happy without him doing anything. In that way he's a lot like your Pete. Pete wants you to be happy without him having to do anything he isn't already doing."

"As if."

"Whoa. Don't be angry at Pete. I've been saying for over twenty years that if women don't like the men they have they need to look at the way they raise their sons. In some measure Pete is just the way his Mom, his grandmother and aunts raised him to be. Biology has a huge influence as well but men can be socialized to be more than the animals they were born as."

"I met grandma a few times. She didn't make you who you are. She didn't know much about relationships or love. I never felt that she loved anyone."

"In my case I must have had a dose of the more female hormones as a baby along with somehow noticing that there was something missing in my life."

"Is that why we were raised so differently than any of our friends?"

"Yes. I wanted you to grow up knowing that I love you. I made lots of mistakes I'm sure but they were mistakes that still headed you toward the conclusion that I love you."

"Daddy, would you lay beside me?"

As soon as I did Megan slid down and stroked me until I was hard. She slowly buried me in her pussy and then rocked back and forth. Not hurried, not urgent. Her hands pressed on my shoulders and she looked in my eyes. I held her hips with feather touch. 

We rocked like that for a long time. Gradually I felt her arousal growing. I focused on my mantra, thought over and over in my head, "I will love you every moment." She leaned over a little more so the contact of her clit was stronger on me.

That put her breasts right in front of my face. I lifted my head towards her right nipple and took it in my mouth. I sucked, not as hard as earlier, but strongly. Megan pressed her breast into my face and her orgasm took over.

Megan held my head, slammed her pussy tight against me, her inner walls gripped me and I flooded her. She shook and the collapsed. I wrapped my arms around her and within seconds she was asleep.

A couple hours later she woke up, still on my chest.

"Daddy. We need to shower and I need to pee."

We did all that and changed the sheets. When we were back in bed she said, "I'm so happy I want to cry."

I wrapped her in my arms, kissed her neck and slowly fell asleep.

Friday 

As I came awake I realized I was alone. Megan had dressed and eaten and left without waking me. The clock showed 09:23am. I left the warmth and comfort for a shower and clothes. There were, as they say, places to go and people to see.
