 I would like to thank 'freaknut' for her help in writing this entire story. She gave me direction where I had none, and inspiration where I needed it. 

*****

After that fateful Saturday night -- which spilled into Sunday morning and afternoon -- the three of us fell into a routine of hot, intense sex. We'd meet each Saturday afternoon, lounge around the pool, drink cocktails, and enjoy each other's company. With the girls in their skimpy bikinis, there was usually a little fooling around. I would go get more beers for everyone and return to the two women kissing each other with full force.

But the real treat happened upstairs, in the bedroom, after we'd come back from a fine restaurant. After our initial encounter, I asked Adrienne how she felt about the whole situation.

"Well, to be honest, I never thought I could be so turned on by a woman's touch. In fact, until she went down on me and gave me one of my most intense orgasms, I was still a little bit uneasy. I knew that you loved watching us kiss -- and the kissing was amazing -- so I was doing it for you, happy to turn you on. But when her lips went to work on my pussy..." She closed her eyes, thinking about the experience. "It was incredible."

"And what about me with Kat?" I asked tentatively.

When she smiled, it was warm, but her eyes were distant. "I don't think I could handle it if I weren't there, but it was really erotic watching you two. The voyeur in me, I suppose."

The three of us did things that I thought I'd never experience with my wife. The first time I watched Kat eat my cum out of my wife's pussy, I thought I'd die. When I watched my wife do the same, I nearly did.

On the third weekend of sex, I slowly stroked myself as I watched the blonde lap at my wife's pussy. This time, though, she let her tongue wander down, along her bare labia, and lower still. She ringed my wife's asshole teasingly before returning her tongue to my wife's pussy. "Ever fucked her in the ass?" Kat asked.

"No," I said.

"I bet you'd like to. Would you like to?" she asked me, her fingers thrusting in and out of my wife's glistening folds.

I nodded, staring at those fingers.

"How about it, Adrienne? Want to try it?"

Adrienne hesitated, her eyes glazed with lust as she looked at me. She shook her head, "No. I don't think that's something I'd like to try."

Kat flicked her tongue over the other woman's clit, then said, "Oh, it's really good, actually. It's so naughty and... so fucking good."

Adrienne was adamant, though, even in her aroused state. "I don't think I'm interested..."

Kat looked over her shoulder, back at me. "Well, big boy, you still want to try it?"

I hesitated, looking at my wife. She didn't want it and I didn't want to force the matter. "Go and get some Vaseline... your wife may not want to feel you push into her ass, but I fucking do."

Jamie returned home a couple weeks later, and as per our agreement, the threesomes stopped. Still, sex had never been better with Adrienne. Our sex life, which had been good to start with, was in overdrive. We made love every single day, something we hadn't done since the very early days of our marriage, and Adrienne had become much more wild in bed.

A few times, I caught myself imagining her as the curvy blonde down the streets. We would be in the middle of a passionate embrace when suddenly, a vision of Kat would flash through my mind, and suddenly it would be the honey blonde's cunt that I'd see wrapped around my cock. I felt guilty about every time, but no matter how much I tried to deny the fantasy in my head, it happened with more and more frequency the longer I went without Kat.

When we saw her and Jamie together, they would look like the perfect, all-American couple. But I saw the blonde's stares, and she flirted with me when no one was looking. By the time Jamie was set to go on another trip, I was ready and anxious for her to return to our bed.

Unfortunately, the weekend that he was scheduled to leave, my wife had to go on a vacation as well, leaving me to have to wait an entire week before enjoying the blonde's charms.

I knew that it was unreasonable, but I was a little irritated at Adrienne for having to go on this trip. When I drove her to the airport, the ride was quiet and contemplative. At the security check point where I had to leave her, we shared a short kiss. "I'll be back Monday morning. I love you, honey."

"And I love you. Have fun on your trip."

"I'll have something like fun. See you in a few days."

I drove home upset. Any frustration I was bottling in came out here. I honked at people. I beat my steering wheel. I sped. I didn't care. I was upset, and angry that I was upset. It was stupid. I shouldn't be acted like a spoiled child.

I got home and popped open a few beers, watching but not registering any of the Friday night shows. I was bored, and after two beers, I started to think of ways I could cure my boredom.

At some point in this thought process, it came to me that maybe I should go over to Katherine's. To talk. She must be bored, just like me, and our relationship wasn't based entirely on meaningless sex. What was the harm there?

I thought about this over another beer, and by the time I tossed it into the recycling bin, I was ready to walk down the street to Kat's.

I became really nervous on that walk. Even though I knew nothing was going to happen, I couldn't help feeling like a kid who had just stolen a porno magazine and was trying to calmly walk home.

I knocked on the door to the Mills' home, but got no response. I tried the doorknob. Unlocked. Shouldn't be going in, I thought. It didn't stop me from twisting the brass knob and stepping into the hallway.

The lights were dimmed down, and I heard people in the living room. She had company, I thought. Better go home. But I was already this far, another part of me reasoned. Might as well at least say hi.

I walked into the living room. Stopped. Eyes flying wide at what I saw.

There was a man on the couch, sitting profile to me, his head thrown back, his eyes closed, and his face contorted in pleasure.

Between his legs was the beautiful blonde that I had come here to visit. She was naked but for a tiny white thong, which was nothing more than two small triangles of fabric and a cord over her hips. She was gripping her large breasts in her hands, engulfing the man's cock in the pillowy valley they formed. She was staring at him as he groaned quietly.

I suddenly realized who the guy was. It was Jim Porter! If his red, slightly receding hair wasn't a dead give away, then his bright, Hawaiian shirt was. Our neighbor, husband to the beautiful Nicole Porter, and father of three, was getting his cock tit-fucked by Officer Katherine Mills!

I was rooted to my spot, unable to do anything but develop a raging hard on. Kat manipulated her breasts, which glistened with slick oil as she shifted her body up and down on his cock. Jim was quietly making noise, barely audible to me, but by the look on his face, he seemed to be enjoying the sensation.

Just when I found the energy to pull myself away, though, Kat looked over at me, briefly, as though she knew I was there all along, and winked. Her eyes stayed glued to mine as she slipped Jim's cock seamlessly from between her greased breasts and into her mouth. Jim grunted one last time, his face relaxing as he came.

Kat swallowed, then crawled up between his legs, taking his head in her hands and kissing him playfully. She broke her kiss and whispered something in his ear. Jim looked over at me, smiled, then looked back at Katherine.

The blonde stood up and walked over to me. She swayed her hips, her movements filled with sexuality. Her large, glistening breasts bounced with each step, and the only thing that hid her cleft from my hungry eyes was a very small thong.

She put her hands around me, kissing me hungrily on the lips, and said, "I've never had two guys at once..."

She took my hand in hers and guided me to the bedroom, collecting Jim on the way.

The three of us sat on the edge of the bed, Kat trading kisses between us as I removed my clothes. When my cock was free, Kat said, "Sit up at the edge of the bed. I want to suck your cock as Jim here fucks me from behind."

Shit, I wasn't going to complain. The blonde was terrific at giving head, and watching her get taken doggy-style while she did it was an added bonus.

The night was charged with raw sexual energy. The bedroom windows were open and a balmy, warm breeze filtered into the sex filled room, swirling around our moaning bodies. Jim and I concentrated all our energy on keeping Kat happy and satisfied. He fucked her hard from behind and she climaxed twice while sucking my cock. After feeling the vibrations of her moan for the second time on my dick, I came into her mouth.

Jim pulled out of her, still hard, and she turned around, reversing directions as she took his pussy-slicked erection into her mouth. Her ass was presented to me, her fat pussy lips begging to be touched. I ran my finger over the smooth skin of her labia and she groaned. I played with her soft folds, reaching around and letting my fingers dance down to her clit. I found that she was cleanly shaved once again and immediately connected this time with the heated encounter we had along the side of the road. My fingers worked her protruding clit as I darted my tongue along her cunt.

When I was hard again, I moved up, grasping Kat's hips firmly before penetrating her swollen mound. "EEEeeeeoooooohhhhhhh!" she moaned, pulling herself momentarily off Jim's prick. Her blonde hair was matted and sweaty, stuck to her forehead in a highly erotic way. Her eyes were tightly shut, her breathing was shallow, and her pussy felt wonderful around my cock.

Jim, who was highly sexed at this point, let his orgasm tear through his body, shooting his cum down Kat's throat for the second time that evening. He sunk back on the bed, pulling his limp dick from the blonde's mouth. I continued to fuck her as the ginger-haired guy slipped back off the bed, telling us he'd be right back.

Kat, on all fours, turned around and hissed, "I want you to fuck my ass, baby. I want to feel your big boy in my ass!" The blonde was consumed with lust. I could see it in her eyes and hear it in her voice. I wasn't at the point she was at yet, but I was almost there, and I thought nothing of it as I slipped out of her greasy folds, grasping my dick, and positioning it at her puckered asshole.

I pushed down, she pushed back, and my head disappeared into her incredibly tight opening. "OHHHH!" she shrieked, a mixture of pain and pleasure in her tone. I slowly inserted my slick member down into her ass, lubricated by a heavy coating of her own pussy juice. Her ass swallowed my cock, sucking it further and further in, warm and incredibly tight. She grinded her round ass back into me and I stared at the little puckered lips of her tattoo.

When I was finally buried in her nether hole, I began to stroke her. The feeling was incredible. No pussy could ever be this tight and firm, a warm ring around my swollen shaft. "UUUHhhhhhh!" she groaned, sitting upright, her toned back sticky against my sweaty chest. I spooned her soft breasts from behind with my left hand, my other hand slipping down onto her bald mound.

"UH! UHHHHH!" she grunted and hissed, her eyes shut tightly. "Ohhhh, it feeeeellllsss sooooo--UHHHHHHH!! Yeah! OH YEAH! UH UHHHHHHH! That's it, baby... yessss... finger my clitty while you fuck my tight ass!!" I loved the way she talked dirty when she was overcome with lust. She twisted her body enough to kiss me wetly on the mouth. I tasted Jim's cum in that sloppy exchange.

"Oh fuck, baby! OH FUCK, SIMON! I'M!! UHH! I'M!! FUCKKKK!! YESSSSSSSSSS!!!" She jammed her butt back into me, pushing my cock all the way into her. It was all too much. I came with her, hooking two fingers deep between her swollen pussy lips, pinching and squeezing her breasts and nipples hard. We broke our kiss, unable to maintain it through the heated orgasm. I inhaled her perfumed, golden locks. The world turned to a searing white light as I came deep in Kat's tight, sexy ass.

Jim had returned, holding a glass of water out to us. "That was some show," he said.

"You should have joined in. I've never been fucked both ways at the same time," Kat winked. "Now, I think I'm going to jump in the shower. You gentlemen care to join me?"

The three of us did more playing than washing in the shower. Kat was lucky enough to have all the attention. I soaped her voluptuous body as he shampooed her hair and gave her a brief scalp massage. I paid special attention to her pillowy breasts and baby-smooth mound.

By the time we were drying off, Kat had cum one more time and Jim and I were hard and ready to go again.

The three of us walked back into the bedroom. Nicole Porter was sitting on the bed, her legs crossed, patiently waiting for us to emerge from the steamy bathroom. My face blanched at the sight of Jim's wife, the pretty redhead.

She was dressed in a short, floral shirt, and a bright blue tank top that stretched tightly across her firm breasts. Her legs were long and tanned, a gold ankle chain dangling below her shapely calves. She was wearing saddles on her small, perfectly shaped feet, and her toe nails were professionally painted pale pink.

Like the other two women in my life, Nicole was beautiful. If Katherine was the all-American, girl-next-door girl, and my wife was the mysterious, elfin enchantress, then Nicole had the Irish princess title all wrapped up. Her eyes were emerald green, her hair, cut in a bob that brushed at her shoulders, was a beautiful shade of glossy red. Her face wasn't as pale as the characteristic Irish lass, but the slightly tanned skin did have a dusting of freckles along the bridge of her nose.

She was smiling at us as we emerged, gave me a once over, and raised a red eyebrow as I covered my large erection. "Nicole!" Kat said in surprise. I looked over at the blonde. Her surprise was more amused than shocked or alarmed, and a smile slowly spread across her lips.

"Jim called me about a half hour ago. Said there was something I should see." She looked right at me, her eyes flickering over my erection. "Now I see..."

Katherine looked over at Jim, saying playfully, "Oh, now why did you have to go and tell your wife about this? I thought I was going to have the two of you to myself all night long."

"Well, Kat, if you share, maybe I'll reconsidered past... offers."

The blonde's hazel eyes lit up, and she said, "Go to her, boys. Show her a really good time."

I looked over at Jim, who nodded with a silly grin on his face, and we sat down on either side of the redhead.

First she kissed her husband, leaving me to sit there and twiddle my thumbs awkwardly, listening to their lips smack against each other. She turned away from him at last, fixing me with her emerald gaze. This close, I saw more freckles on her beautiful face, high cheekbones, and almost exotic eyes. She smiled at me, winked, and said, "I've been wanting to do this for months." And then we kissed, her slippery tongue quickly invading my mouth.

Jim laid kisses down on his wife's slender neck, his hands moving around to cup her well proportioned breasts through the blue tank top. His hands soon delved beneath the top, and he was reaching to remove the stretchy material.

I broke the kiss, glancing down at the topless mother-of-three. The first thing I noted was that her heaving bosom was also lightly covered with freckles, and that she had small, triangular tan lines on her succulent breasts, shaped like pale gum drops and capped with small, pink nipples. They were smaller than the blonde's, but larger than my wife's, and they were amazingly soft in my mouth.

"Ohhhh," the redhead gasped as her husband's head descended on her other nipple. "Oh my God, that feels incredible!"

I cupped her breast gently in my hand, kissing it all over, licking her under-boob before returning to her sensitive nipple. We guided her back to the bed, and my hands began to explore again, sliding down over her flat stomach. She had a green jewel sitting in her belly button, the stainless steel was warm against my fingers. I moved down further, skimming my hand over her skirt and mound, causing her to moan again.

My hands caressed her silky smooth legs, rubbing circles at her knee before moving my hand slowly up along her thigh. She sighed as my hand drew closer to the mecca between her legs, slipping briefly over the silky gusset of her panties.

I pulled my hand away, but she grabbed my wrist, keeping it there. I looked up from where I was suckling her breasts and she said, "Time for you to move along."

I smiled at her, kissing down along her body and moving to my position between her legs. Her knees were propped up on the bed and I unzipped her skirt, pulling it over her slender hips. She was wearing a cotton thong, which I left on for the time being, deciding to tease this incredible, Irish beauty.

I covered her mound with my mouth, applying pressure to where I knew her clit was with my tongue, and drawing a low moan from her. Jim was now alternating between her breasts, kissing one while pinching and playing with the other, drawing out pleasure in only the way that a husband knew.

I slipped my fingers along the edge of her panties, passing them down and along her swollen pussy lips. "Uhhhhh..." she moaned again as I felt the silky smoothness of her sex lips. I continued to flick at the bump of her clit through the panties and she began to respond with a quiet pant with each lick.

She reached her own hands down, hooking her thumbs in her panties and pulling them down off her hips. She was desperate for direct contact. "Please..." she sighed.

I obliged her, pulling the cotton thong down her smooth legs and laying my eyes on the little bit of evidence that proved she was a natural redhead. She had neatly trimmed herself, leaving a only small patch of red above two thick and pink pussy lips.

I immediately ran my tongue along her slit, savoring the taste of her pussy -- so different than both Adrienne's or Kat's. "Mmmmmm..." she moaned quietly, and I withdrew from her cunt. "Oh!" she said in surprise, pushing her pussy forward, as though that would help. Instead of licking her again, though, I took two fingers are ran the along the length of her vagina, up and down, up and down, before pushing them in.

"Mmmmmmmm yesssss..." she cooed quietly as I dipped my tongue back down, letting it slither and slid along her moistness. Jim had moved back to making out with his wife, rolling and pinching her pink nipples in his hand as I ate her. Working as a team, we never let up our assault until she was bucking hard in a brow-furrowing orgasm.

I have her one last lick before crawling up onto the bed, between her legs. She stared at me as I grabbed her by each of her firm buttocks, physically pulled her up so that her butt and hips were off the bed, and pushed myself into her tight pussy, crowned with a red tuft.

"Oh uhhhh..."

As I fucked her like this, I looked down her long body, shaking my head at her near perfectly proportioned form. Unlike my petite wife or the curvy blonde, Nicole's body was lean and slender, like the body of a supermodel. I thought of Rebecca Romijn, only with narrower hips. Her firm breasts had fallen to the sides, and her stomach had tightened to hold this awkward, yet pleasurable, position. Jim was positioning himself over her head, lowering his cock down into her mouth as I fucked her tight body. She wrapped her legs around my waist, taking some of the burn off my arms that were holding her hips up in the air as I pumped away.

For a woman who had three children, her pussy was still nice and snug, her fat lips sucking in and out with each thrust. It caressed the length of my shaft in ways that I'd never felt a pussy do before. I felt my cock jerk, ready to cum, and I slowed down my thrusting to prolong the experience.
