 The dance music was loud.  The club was packed with sweaty bodies, and Karen was thirsty.  She moved past gyrating bodies and through entangled couples.  The dance club charged a lot for drinks, so she ordered a bottle of water and retreated to a corner.  She sipped it and stared out at the dance floor.  Karen was a twenty three year old senior in college, finishing up a Masters in communication.  She stood tall at five feet eleven inches.  She had shoulder length brown hair with an athlete’s body.  She stared enviously at the voluptuous women in the club, always noticing the large chests and round hips.  She had been a tom boy throughout high school and developed late.  Her chest had filled out finally to a large b-cup and she was always slightly resentful that it wasn’t larger.  

She stared around the club looking at the guys and girls equally.  This was her last spring break, and she was determined to enjoy it.  She tossed the empty water bottle away and strode back out to the dance floor.  Picking an empty spot at random she started swaying to the music again.

Almost immediately a presumably single guy started dancing close to her.  She glanced at him through lidded eyes and checked out his profile.  He was tall and thin, wearing a sleeveless shirt that showed off fairly toned biceps.  He kept moving closer and she made no move to leave.  His leg brushed hers and she smiled up at him.  He smiled down at her, and moved in closer.

Their thighs started rubbing together.  Karen let herself enjoy the music and the feeling of another body close to her.  The man reached out his hand and caught one of the belt loops on her pants.  She obliged and moved in closer.  They started dancing in earnest now.  His pelvis grinding against her thigh and her pelvis grinding against his.  She felt a nudge on her hip and realized he was getting aroused.  She turned away from him, and then backed up.  She gyrated her ass against his growing erection and felt the hard member rub through her clothes.  He moved both his hands to her hips now and started gyrating in synch with her.

She grinned to herself and swayed her hips back and forth.  His member was very erect now and it was nestled in the cheeks of her ass, head facing down towards her lower lips.  She continued dancing to the music and rubbing herself on the erect phallus.

She was getting aroused when she felt the man pull away from her.  She frowned in annoyance and turned around.  She looked up at his face.  He leaned down and spoke loudly over the music, but she could barely hear him.

“What?”  She asked.

“I said,” He repeated loudly.  “Do you want to help me take care of this problem?”  He said and motioned down to his erection, which was obvious through his pants.

“What do you mean, take care of?”  She demanded, now more annoyed.

“In the parking lot.”  He said and grinned.

She looked at him with disgust and turned around.  She walked off angrily and lost him in the crowds of people.  She found a free area of wall and leaned against it.  The nerve of him.  If he had of finessed her a little more, spent more time dancing, and then asked her better, he might have had a chance, she mused to herself, sucking a guy off in a parking lot is not a fun night.  

She wondered if there was even any point to the club.  She looked around at the people.  Most of the guys here wanted to hook up for the night and most of the girls wanted to be picked up.  She had made up her mind to leave when an attractive girl stepped out in front of her.  Karen started to move past her but the girl caught her arm.  Karen looked at her in surprise and the girl leaned forward to speak to her.

“My name is Gina.”  The woman introduced herself.  Karen looked closer at the girl.  She was shorter than Karen, probably only five foot five inches, body weight no more than a hundred and twenty.  She had short blond hair with bright eyes.   It was hard to tell what color they were in the dance club but they were full of intelligence and laughter.

“I’m Karen.”  Karen introduced herself.  She wondered if she as being hit on.

“My boyfriend and I saw you with that guy.  I heard what he said.  I just wanted to tell you we felt bad for you, that guy’s a jerk.”  Gina told her over the loud music.

Karen laughed.  She was a little sad that she wasn’t being hit on, but this was probably better.  She smiled at Gina.

“I guess with some of these girls it would have worked.  Just not me.”  Karen told her.  

A man cam up and stood behind Gina.  He smiled at her and Karen smiled back.  Gina turned around and smiled up at him.  She introduced Karen.

“Karen, this is my boyfriend Mark, Mark, her name is Karen.”  Gina said.

“Hi Mark.”  Karen said.

“Hi Karen, I’m sorry about that guy, we aren’t all like that.”  Mark said.

Karen smiled and nodded her head.  

“Well, we were just going to leave actually.”  Gina said. “We just wanted to say hi I guess.”  

“I was actually just going to leave as well.  We can walk out together.”  Karen said.  

Gina and Mark both smiled.  Karen found herself in the lead, with the other two following her.  The made it out of the club and found they could now speak normally.  

“So where are you both headed?”  Karen asked politely.

“Actually, I think we are going to go get ice cream.  Would you like to come?  There is a Baskin Robbins pretty close, which is still open.”  Gina said as she looked at her watch.

Karen opened her mouth and paused.  She overruled her first impulse; which was to say yes to these two attractive people.   

“No thanks.  I’d be a third wheel.”  She said.  “And I should probably get home.  It was nice meeting you though.”  She finished.

“You really wouldn’t be a third wheel, its just ice cream.”  Mark smiled at her.

“Yeah, we’d like you to come.”  Gina said.

Karen again wanted to say yes.  Instead, she smiled, and asked them straight out what was bothering her.

“We don’t even know each other, we said like two sentences to each other.”  Karen said.  “Why do you want me to come along?”

Gina looked up at Mark and her smile faded.  Mark looked embarrassed.  

“We are new here, and we don’t really have any friends.  I guess we seem really desperate.  Sorry about that.”  Mark said.

“I’m sorry too.”  Gina echoed and didn’t look into Karen’s eyes.

Karen immediately felt stupid.

“I’m sorry; you guys were just being nice to me.”  Karen said hoping to ease their embarrassment.  

“We were being really forward…”  Mark started.

“No, I’m sorry now, come on, let’s go get ice cream.”  Karen said.  “I wanted to say yes, I just, you know, I wasn’t sure why you wanted to go with me, that’s all.”  Karen said.

Gina’s smile returned and they all agreed to meet at the ice cream shop.  Karen got in her car still feeling guilty at questioning her new friends, and soon she was there.  They all ordered ridiculously large orders.  Gina and Karen both ordered triple scooped cups and Mark ordered a sundae.  They sat in the tiny chairs, Gina and Mark on one side, and Karen on the other.

Mark was the first to break the ice.  

“We just moved here from upstate.”  He said.

“Why the move?”  Karen asked through a mouthful of mint chocolate chip ice cream.  She blushed but the other two just giggled.

“I got accepted to school here.”  Gina said.  “It’s been six years since I have been in school, but I want to go back, get a better job.”

“So that makes you, twenty four?”  Karen asked.  

“I’m actually twenty five.  That mean’s it has been seven years.”  Gina said and then groaned.  “I’m scared to go back.” 

“I’m sure you’ll do fine.”  Karen smiled at her.  “What about you Mark?  Work, school?”

“I got a bachelors degree already.  She supported me while I went to school, now it’s my turn.”  He smiled at Gina, who smiled back.

“Aww, that’s so sweet you guys.”  Karen said.  

Mark and Gina looked embarrassed, but in a friendly way this time.  Talk turned to Karen’s school, and Mark’s job.  The three sat around talking for almost an hour, until one of the employees came to their table and told them they were closing soon.  Karen looked at her watch and realized it was midnight.  She looked up at her new friends.

“I should probably go home now.”  She said regretfully.  Wary at first, she had become immediately attached to these two.  They were so open and content people; they made her feel good simply by their presence. 

“I don’t want to sound to forward again, but you can come get a drink at our house if you want, we live about twenty minutes away.  I don’t know if you have work or school or something.”  Gina said hesitantly.

“I’d love to, but I’m sure you guys are sick of me.  We should definitely exchange numbers though.”  Karen said.

“We aren’t sick of you at all.”  Mark said and looked at her.

She looked at both of their faces and felt her resolve waver.

“It is getting kind of late…”  She trailed off.

“Only if you want to, we aren’t trying to pressure you, but truly, we would love to have you.”  Gina said.

She looked at Gina and Mark’s smiling faces.  She felt a smile tug at her own lips.  

“I don’t know if it’s a good idea though.  What if you get sick of me later, then you will be too polite to say anything and then you guys won’t ever call me.”  She reasoned.

“Leave that to us.”  Mark said.  “We will let you know, so how about it, a drink or two?”  

“Oh…All right.”  Karen agreed and grinned in response to their grins.  They packed up their ice creams, since none of them had finished, and left the ice cream store.

Karen got in her car and wondered if she was doing the right thing.  She didn’t change her mind though, and pulled out of the parking lot following Mark’s car.  The trip didn’t take very long and she parked on the street behind them.  She got out and walked awkwardly to their car.  Her awkwardness soon vanished as she was engulfed in Gina’s kindness and enthusiasm.  

Karen and Gina sat on the couch and Mark went to fix them drinks.  Gina jumped up and returned with two spoons, and handed one to Karen.  Karen opened her container of leftover ice cream and started eating. Gina was doing the same, and soon Mark brought over three tall glasses.  He looked down at the two girls eating ice cream.  He grinned.

“Sorry to leave you both, but I am going to take a quick shower.”  Mark said.

Karen looked to Gina.

Gina looked at Karen and smiled.  She looked up at Mark.  

“Ok.  We will wait right here.”  She said.

“Ok.  I will be back.”  Mark said, and disappeared into the bathroom, a moment later the shower started.

“He takes long showers.”  Gina confided in Karen.

Karen giggled and took a mouthful of ice cream.

Gina started talking about her and Mark, and her and everything.  She talked for a few minutes and then Karen talked, and let Gina eat her ice cream.  They traded off and both felt completely comfortable with each other.  Karen was so glad that this night had gotten better.

“Can I try some of yours?”  Gina asked shyly.

“Of course, have as much as you want.”  Karen said, and made to hand her the container of ice cream.

“No, I just want one bite.”  Gina said.  Karen shrugged and took a spoonful and handed it to Gina.  Gina took her spoon and put it in her mouth.  She sucked the ice cream off and handed it back to Karen.  Karen took another bite of her own, and so did Gina.  Gina sucked her spoon clean and then took a small scoop and extended her hand out towards Karen.  Karen wasn’t sure if she was supposed to take the spoon or just take the bite, so she just leaned forward and in one quick motion licked Gina’s spoon clean.  Karen leaned back and smiled.  Gina retracted her hand and took a bite of her own.

Karen used her spoon to scoop a small portion of ice cream.  She decided to follow Gina’s lead, and she extended her arm out towards Gina.  

Gina leaned forward and brought her hand up.  Her hand caught Karen’s and held it in place.  Karen smiled as Gina moved her mouth onto the spoon and belatedly realized that Gina was holding her hand.  She ignored the feeling of awkwardness and watched as her friend ate off of her spoon.  Gina leaned back and Karen had a flash of insight.  She just realized how sexual this could be seen as.  Eating from each other’s hands, each other’s spoons.  Karen herself leaned back, and Gina let go of Karen’s hand.

A moment of uncomfortable silence followed and Mark re-entered the room.  He had changed clothes and did indeed appear clean and now more comfortable.  Gina and Karen smiled at him.  Gina stood up.  She looked at Karen.  

“I’m going to take a shower as well.”  Gina said.  “I got sweaty in that club.  Wait.  Karen, would you like to have one?  There is plenty of hot water, I have clean clothes…”  Gina tailed off.

Karen, still slightly aware of their brief sensuality shook her head.

“No I am fine thank you.”  She said.

“Ok, I’ll be right back.”  Gina said, again smiling at Karen.  Karen smiled back before she could help herself and then blushed.  Gina had already turned and Karen looked at Mark.  Mark was sipping his drink and watching Gina depart.

A few moments of silence passed until Mark spoke up.

“So do you have a boyfriend, girlfriend even?”  He asked with a smile.

“None of the above right now.”  Karen asked.

“I really don’t want this to freak you out, but I think it is better if it gets out in the open.”  Mark started ominously.  

Karen looked at him intently.  “Go ahead.”  She said.  Fearing the worst.  She couldn’t define what the worst was, but hoped it was nothing bad.

“I think Gina has a crush on you.”  Mark said openly.

Karen stared at him in shock.  She turned, but she saw the bathroom door closed and heard the shower running.

“She what?”  Karen asked.

“I think she has a crush on you.”  Mark said.  “I know her pretty well, and the way she has been acting, I think that is what it is.”  He finished.

“She’s bisexual?”  Karen asked.

“Yes.”  Mark said.

“What, do you guys have an open relationship or something?”  Karen asked, startled.

“Sometimes.  We discuss everything in great detail.  We are always honest with each other.”  Mark said.

Karen digested this new information.  Well.  It wasn’t as bad as she thought.  That wasn’t so bad.  Hell, Gina was gorgeous.  Her suspicions flared and she looked at Mark.

“Do you have a crush on me?”  Karen asked.

“I find you very attractive.  I think it’s mostly a physical thing though.”  Mark said honestly.

Karen sat dumbfounded.

“I know this probably has made you uncomfortable.  I wanted to get it out in the open though, so that if it ever came out later, you wouldn’t be blindsided.”  Mark said.  “I’m sorry, I feel like I’ve made things worse.”  

Karen barely heard Mark.  She kept thinking about Gina, acting slightly bashful, but always fun, and full of energy.  She was attracted to both Gina and Mark.  She looked up at Mark and found him looking worriedly at her.

“Don’t worry.”  She said and grinned at him.  “It’s ok.  How open of a relationship is this?”  She asked.

“That all depends.  What do you mean?”  Mark asked hesitantly.

“I mean….I don’t know what I mean.”  Karen said, but she grinned mischievously.  “I don’t want to go home anytime soon.”  She said and looked at Mark for reassurance.

“We are here for you as long as you want to stay, but don’t feel pressured to stay.”  Mark said.  “As I said, just be honest with what you want, we will respect your every decision.”

Karen nodded at him and then turned around.  She heard the shower go off in the bathroom and a moment later Gina emerged with a towel around her head.  She was wearing more comfortable clothes as well and she looked at them both with embarrassment.

“I know you said you were fine, but I have sweat pants if you want to throw them on, I know from experience your outfit isn’t the most comfortable.”  Gina said quickly.

Karen looked down; she was wearing her tight black pants and a tight, low cut red shirt that exposed a large portion of her breasts.  Karen looked back up at Gina.  

“Well, the bra is annoying at least.”  Karen admitted.  She excused herself and went to the bathroom.  Gina was sitting down on the couch with her back to Karen and Karen held her finger to her lips and Mark nodded softly.

Karen closed the bathroom door and pulled off her top.  She unhooked her bra and re-donned her top.  In the brief moment that her chest and nipples were exposed she felt them stiffen.  She looked down at her shirt, now bra-less, and could see both her nipples faintly against the shirt.  She grinned to herself in the mirror, slightly adjusted her hair, and then went back out to the living room.

Mark and Gina were talking about school.  Karen walked around and sat next to Gina on the couch.  The couple smiled at her again, and she returned their smiles.  She bent down and grabbed her drink.  She was aware of the cleavage she just presented Mark, and it she had to fight back her grin.  She sipped her drink and set it back on the ground.  She then picked up her ice cream and took a bite. 

“So Karen, what do you think I should take my first semester?”  Gina asked.

Karen pondered the question.  She took another bite of ice cream.  An idea flashed through her head, and again, she had to fight back the grin that wanted to betray her to the other two.  She remembered the question and turned innocently to Gina.

“Just general credits.”  She said.  She kept eye contact with Gina, and took another bite of ice cream.

Gina reached down and got her ice cream and started eating it as well.  Karen scooted closer to Gina.  Gina looked a little startled, and looked at Mark, who remained impassive, watching.

Karen took a spoonful of ice cream on her spoon.

“Would you like another bite?”  Karen asked.  Her felt lightheaded, and couldn’t believe what she was about to do.  But she knew she would, and that she wanted to, but that didn’t stop her from being scared of herself.  

“Sure.”  Gina smiled and leaned forward, expecting the spoon to be offered.

Karen moved the spoon towards herself though.  She stared hard into Gina’s eyes, and in one swift motion, dropped the ice cream against her own chest.  The cold ice cream made her nipples instantly hard.  The ice cream was very cold, and kind of melted.  It dripped down on her breast.  Karen raised her eyebrow at Gina, as if daring her.

Gina broke the eye contact and Karen watched her eyes lower.  Karen felt a flush of excitement run through her body as Gina stared at the ice cream, and at her chest.

Gina swallowed and looked back up at Karen.

“Karen…”  She began.

“Do you want it?”  Karen said sharply.

Gina didn’t say anything else.  She moved forward slowly, as if in disbelief.  Karen closed her eyes.  Karen felt Gina’s soft lips make contact with her skin and it was like fire.  Gina’s lips gently kissed where the ice cream was.  Karen moved her hand to the back of Gina’s head.  Karen held the other woman’s head against her chest.  Gina’s lips never stopped.  They kissed, and gently sucked, from the collar bone down to the top of Karen’s shirt.  Karen kept her eyes closed and held Gina’s head against her chest.

Gina kissed and let her tongue softly lick the upper portion of Karen’s breasts.  Karen’s nipples were poking through her shirt, and Karen obliged them.  She used her free hand to gently pull down the fabric covering her left nipple.  Her hand on Gina’s head gently pushed the short blonde haired woman towards her nipple.  Gina let herself be guided and her lips brushed the hard nipple.  Karen’s eyes were closed and she let a soft moan of pleasure escape her lips.

Gina gently sucked and flicked her tongue against Karen’s nipple.  Karen murmured encouragingly.  

“Good.  Keep going Gina.  Good.”  Karen whispered. 
