 It was a nice party, or at least it seemed so when I got there. My boss Richard said it was formal dress but wow, the clothes were fantastic! My little black dress was fine and got lots of admiring glances but holy cow, some of these gowns had to run into the thousands. Well, maybe it wasn't all the dress they were glancing at. I have to admit this new bra really pushes the girls up and the cleavage poking out of the top was a little more than normal for me. I was feeling a little naughty tonight and I thought what the hell; if you got it flaunt it. I just had to be a little careful; it was my boss's house and party, after all. 

I was on my third cocktail and talking to my boss's wife Elaine when Richard walked up. He kissed his wife then leaned over to me and whispered, "We have had a very successful year and I have deposited a Christmas bonus of twenty thousand dollars in your bank today as my appreciation of your help in achieving this success."

I hardly gave him time to finish as I squealed with joy and flung my arms around his neck as I gave him a big kiss on his cheek. As I hugged Richard tight and cried out "Thank you very much Richard", I heard him whisper in my ear "And there is another ten thousand available if you seduce my wife tonight and I watch you make love to each other."

God, I was absolutely shocked & stunned as I stood there with my mouth wide open as he gently eased my arms from around himself and turned back to Elaine and his guests

Richard picked up his glass and a nearby spoon and chinked it loudly against his glass to get everyone's attention. "Ladies and Gentlemen ...... rather friends.... Tonight we are gathered for our private Christmas party, hosted by my lovely wife & best friend Elaine."

There was polite applause & smiles before Richard continued "This year has been an amazing and outstanding year because of all of you..... clients, staff & family. Hayli's squeal just now when I told her about her bonus shows how good a year it has been; and her stunned silence when I told her about the new incentive scheme shows how good next year is going to be," as he smiled his most cheeky and sexy smile straight at me

I was in a daze for the rest of his speech as I comprehended what he had said to me and what he meant. My mind went into a total tailspin as I sipped my champagne to ease my suddenly dry throat. I turned and looked at Elaine; she looked back at me with a quizzical look on her face at first before she smiled sweetly at me, ever the perfect hostess.

While I try to get my thoughts in place to understand what is happening; let me tell you a bit about myself, Richard & Elaine, and my role in the company.

I am 25 years old and an administrative assistant for the company. Well, truthfully I am the administrative assistant as I work directly for Richard and he is the president of the company.

Richard is 34 years old and a genius. He is a financial analyst and he went out on his own 5 years ago. I was his first hire in my senior year in college. We met at a frat party on campus. He and his wife were there as he was a past alumni and I was there for the free beer

I struck up a conversation with Elaine in the kitchen and I could tell from the first we were kindred spirits. Elaine is only 4 years older than me and we could be sisters. She has dark hair like me only she wears it short and mine hangs well past my shoulders. She and I are both 5'8" and built almost identical. My chest is 36C and hers has to be around the same size. She also was an athlete in school and she has stayed in shape so she has little if any jiggle outside of her full breasts.

I was attracted to Elaine at first because of her wonderful dress. It was the prettiest thing I had ever seen and it fit her to a tee. I have since become very good friends with her and she takes me shopping often. She is trying to teach me fashion but that is very difficult as I spent my entire teen life in sweats. I wore my first dress to my senior prom.

Richard was convinced by Elaine to hire me to help in his office as he had just recently opened it and she was the only one in the office. He agreed and how should we say the rest is history.

Our arrangement works well as Elaine helps Richard get more clients with her style and charm and I keep them happy in the office as what you would call "eye candy".  Don't get me wrong, I am very capable and know the business but it is pretty funny how you can sell men pretty much anything when you are wearing a short skirt.

I stood there, transfixed, looking from Richard to Elaine. I had never thought of Elaine in that way, although I have to say my little mind was moving now as I looked at her beautiful breasts bursting out of the top of her pretty red dress. The dress went down to mid-calf with a long slit up the side, showing off a long slender leg and thigh. I looked away quickly. What was I doing? She was my friend. How could I think that way? What was Richard thinking by saying that to me? I looked back to see him walking to me slowly, a large grin spreading across his face.

"I hope you are enjoying yourself," he grinned as he gripped my hand and walked me closer to Elaine.

"So how are my two favourite ladies tonight?" He said as took Elaine's hand in his as well. "We are going to have a lot of fun together this year starting tonight." He announced as he rubbed his forefinger inside my palm leaving me in no doubt as to what he was thinking, "You both look so fine tonight in such beautiful gowns and you look so radiant & appetizing I could eat both of you right here on my dining room table." 

Elaine and I looked at each other gob smacked by what we had just heard and neither of us were dumb enough not to read between the lines of what had just been said.

Richard looked at our stunned faces and laughed heartily and out loud "We have all worked hard over the last few years to get to this point so we should enjoy the fruits of our labours. Now let me get you girls more champagne to keep this great evening going." 

I couldn't believe when Richard stepped back from between us and placed my hand into Elaine's and closed them together with a gentle squeeze as he moved off to get some more drinks.

Elaine and I stood there stunned, holding hands. In my shocked state I don't know how long I held her hand before I felt the warmth & softness of her skin and felt my heart rate increase. Elaine must have felt the same as it seemed a long time before she released my hand, allowing her long delicate fingers to soft run up my skin to my wrist before she let go completely. We both turned and stared into each other's eyes; each not knowing how or what our eyes were communicating to each other. 

Before Richard had a chance to return with our new drinks Elaine said softly to me "Richard has always had this fantasy about watching two women make love to each other."

I looked at Elaine, stunned by what she had just said. "Do you think he wants us...to..you know?" I stammered.

"Yeah, I think he does." Elaine said calmly.

My mind was now racing a hundred miles an hour. Was my boss really trying to get me to make love to his wife and my friend?

"How do you feel about that?" Elaine asked.

"I don't know, I never thought..." again my words just fell out of my mouth.

"I'm sorry, you must be really grossed out by the whole idea." Elaine said and turned away.

"No, wait." I reached for her and turned her to face me. I could see a tear forming and then running down her pretty cheek. I hugged her tightly.

"I am sorry if I hurt you. I am not grossed out at all. I am just a little nervous." I whispered in her ear.

I pulled back a little and wiped the tear off her face, leaving my hand on her cheek a little too long. She moved forward and kissed me on the lips. I felt her lips touch mine and then pull away slowly. I also felt a tingle travel from my lips through my body and rest in between my legs. I could feel the heat on my thighs as my pussy was responding quickly to her affections.

We were staring dead into each other's eyes when we heard Richard return. "That's what I like to see! My two ladies staring into each other's eyes. You have no idea how hot that looks! I may have to take you two in the back before you attract too much attention because I want you both to myself." Richard said.

I looked around the room and I noticed a few people staring. I backed away from Elaine slowly without saying a word. We took our drinks from Richard and I took a deep drink, hoping the alcohol would relax me.

Elaine leaned in to me, her soft lips right next to my ear and whispered "I think between us we can reward Richard for the fortunate position we are both in because of his determination to succeed and share his success."

"I think you are right, and we can enjoy ourselves at the same time," I smiled back, only to be rewarded with a radiant smile.

The more I looked at Elaine the more I started to desire her. She was already a good friend, a girlfriend who I could talk to on almost everything and now I would be able to discuss absolutely everything with her after tonight from how much I will have enjoyed making love to her through to how well Richard can fuck. God, now my nipples were starting to harden and my pussy was getting really damp and craving attention. How will I manage not to touch myself and relieve this incredible desire between my legs until the guests have gone home, I wondered.

I mingled with other friends & guests for the next hour, always ensuring that I could see past them to look at Richard or Elaine as my mind went into overdrive. Questions flew in all directions. Should I suck Richard off first to make him last longer or should I just fuck him straight away? Should I wait for Elaine's permission to fuck her husband? What size cock has he got? Is his technique good? Will he be a caring lover or a rampant cocksman living out his ultimate fantasy?

When I looked at Elaine her beauty seemed to grow with every stolen glance. Should I let her lead in my seduction, should I be the leader adding spice to their marriage? Will it be two female friends becoming two female lovers equally? What will her pussy taste like? Will she take me to orgasm with her tongue or her fingers first?

By the time we had enjoyed the buffet I just wanted the guests to go so that the three of us could just get into it with each other. I wasn't bothered where or how, I was just so desperate to make love to & be adored by Elaine & Richard.

Slowly the guests started to thin out, and I saw Elaine standing there on her own for a moment before she moved onto the next guest. I caught her eye and nodded I my head towards the gym room; she smiled in acknowledgement and quickly walked in there and closed the door; and a minute later I was able to slide through the door after her.

In the dim reflected light from the pool outside I gazed at my friend who before the night was out was going to become my most intimate lover; her beauty & her desire seemed to glow in the dim light.

I stepped up to her, "We only have a couple of minutes before we are missed."

She smiled at me and I backed her up until she was against the door. I reached out and held her head in my hands. Her hair was so silky and her skin so soft. I could feel the excitement racing through my body. I leaned forward slowly and gently touched my lips to hers. I pulled back a little and then kissed her again. She placed her hands on my hips and pulled me closer to her. I heard and felt a soft moan escape from her.

I kissed her again but this time I held my lips to hers. I opened my mouth slightly and she followed suit. Our tongues touched lightly and snaked around each other gently. I pulled away slowly and looked at her. Her eyes were closed and her mouth slightly open. She looked absolutely lovely.

I kissed her cheeks softly and then moved down to her neck. I nibbled at her soft neck and she moaned again. I had found a sensitive spot. I slid my tongue across her lovely neck and her hands shot up and grabbed the side of my head. She held me as I kissed up and down her neck. 

I felt a slight pressure downward and I started kissing lower and lower. Soon I was kissing her abundant cleavage and I could feel her pulling me in tighter. I slid my hands up her sides and down again to her hips. I felt her hips push against me slightly when my hands caressed her. I slid my hands all the way up her sides until I reached the bare skin under her arms. I touched her lightly and ran my fingers up over her shoulders. I continued to kiss the tops of her breasts as I slowly lifted the straps of her dress up and off her shoulders.

I pulled her arms down next to her sides and I slid her straps slowly down her arms. I saw the material of her dress linger shortly and then start to fold down, exposing more and more lovely soft flesh. I leaned forward and kissed the newly exposed skin and ran my tongue lightly across. I could feel her breathing starting to increase. Her chest started to rise and fall with her deep breaths, only making her even hotter.

I pulled again and the dress slid down over her nipples. They popped out of the dress and sprang into the air. They looked as hard as pencil erasers. I leaned forward and kissed each nipple lightly. I moved to her left breast and softly took her nipple into my mouth. I gently sucked on it and ran my tongue across the rigid little nub. I then moved to the other breast and caressed the other nipple with my moist tongue.

I could tell she was getting very hot now and her eyes were rolled up into her head. She was breathing heavily now and her chest was moving rapidly up and down. I took my right hand and softly raised it until it reached the warm, firm under slope of her right breast. I marvelled in its weight in my hand as my fingers curled to encompass its fullness and beauty ....... We both sighed in mutual appreciation of each other ...... I so wanted to get my boss's wife, my friend, into bed so she would become my lover, I was so desperate to make love to her, to explore her body, to light up her senses & emotions, to feel her warmth both externally, internally & emotionally. I wanted to become one with this stunning woman that I now had pressed hard against the door as I savoured one breast in my hot salivating mouth and the other in my cupped hand.

The itch between my thighs had become a craving, my pussy desperately needed relief, and if neither of us were paying it the attention my pussy ached for, then it would rely on triggers from my mouth and my hand to send delicious ripples of a mini orgasm coursing through my tummy. I felt more juices wet my lips and seep out on to the gusset of my lace panties as I shivered in Elaine's arms and she hugged me tighter to her breast as she understood in her feminine way what I was experiencing and she shared in my joy and the warmth of our bodies pressed hard against one another. I closed my fingers firmly around her hard, erect nipple as I drew heavily on the other with my mouth as I enjoyed the lingering sensation of my orgasm and sodden pussy.

With my left hand I started to reach between us, desperate to comfort my horny pussy.

"Allow me," I softly heard Elaine breathe above me as her hand brushed across the front of my hip and drove between our bodies over the material of our dresses. It knew it's destination in advance as it followed the curve of my upper thigh and gently pushed the material inwards until her fingertips brushed across the bulge of my hot, sodden mound.

I nearly swooned as jolts of sensations arced outwards from my clit to all parts of my body announcing that something new & wonderous had just occurred and that my body should be ready for more of the same as the night developed.

My lips broke their seal on Elaine's nipple just long enough to sigh "Oh my God, ..... Oh my God Elaine ..... Oh, I need you."

And at that very moment the door handle rattled.

We both froze. We looked at each other and I saw panic in Elaine's eyes. I leaned forward and kissed her lips softly.

"Relax", I whispered. 

"Be quiet and they will move on." I said.

The door handle rattled again.

"Damn, it's locked." I heard a man's voice say. A soft giggle followed.

"Let's go this way." I heard him say and then I heard footsteps leaving.

I kissed each of Elaine's nipples and then pulled her dress straps back over her shoulder. Her nipples were rock hard and poking profanely through her dress. She looked absolutely radiant.

"We better get back before someone notices we're gone." I said softly.

"Yeah, and I need to go find those people to make sure they don't wander somewhere they shouldn't be." Elaine said with a chuckle.

I opened the door and slipped back out to the party, closing the door behind me. I walked into the kitchen and got myself another drink. I could feel my confidence growing and my body relaxing. I now knew this evening was going to be fun and I was going to get fucked. I felt horny and frisky and I scanned the room for Richard. It was time for some fun.

I saw him talking to a couple of men. They looked like clients but I didn't recognize them. Oh well, even if they are clients a little flirting may do some good. I started to walk slowly over to them.

I walked up beside Richard and made sure the first contact with him was my left breast on his arm. I grabbed his arm and pulled it closer to my body.

"Hey, boss, nice party." I said in a very innocent voice.

Richard looked down at me and I know he was looking right down the front of my dress. My nipples started to harden immediately. I could not believe how horny I had become.

"Who are your friends?" I said in my best little girl voice.

"Hayli, this is Mr. Jones and this is Mr. Murdock. They are hopefully going to be clients of ours soon. Gentleman, this is Hayli. She is my assistant and my dependable right hand." Richard said smoothly.

I looked at Mr. Jones and held out my hand. He grabbed it and held it firmly.

"Glad to meet you sir." I said sweetly.

"You should come by our office for a visit next week. We can sit and talk and tell you all about everything we offer. I am sure you will be impressed. Richard is a genius, especially with other people's money." I said.

Mr Jones laughed. "I am sure we could get by. What do you think, Mr Murdock?" 

I turned and offered my hand to Murdock who took it and kissed the back of it softly. I giggled quietly and I felt myself starting to blush.

"We could most certainly make some time if sweet Hayli was there." Mr Murdock said with a devilish grin.

"She is there all the time and we would be happy to have you both anytime." Richard said.

"How about Monday." Mr. Jones said.

"It's a date." I said and looked at him. He was smiling very wide.

I turned to look at Richard. "Richard, Elaine sent me to ask if we have more ice?" I asked.

"Yes, in the freezer in the garage." He said.

"Gentlemen, I hate to interrupt. Richard, when you get a minute, can you help me get it?" I asked.

"Sure." He said. "Let me say goodbye and I will be right there."

"Ok, gentlemen, nice to meet you again and I will see you on Monday." I said to them both and turned to walk away.

I walked to the kitchen, swaying my hips just a little bit more than usual, confident that three sets of eyes were fixated on my ass. No one was in the kitchen and I leaned against the counter, glancing through the opening above the counter into the living room. I could see Richard talking to Jones and Murdock. They were laughing. Were they talking about me? Could they tell that I was a minx in heat? I reached down between my legs. I pulled my dress up and touched my pussy through my silk lace panties. Thank god I wore stockings and not pantyhose. My pussy was on fire. I reached down with both hands and slipped my panties quickly down my legs and off. The air hit my pussy and it felt wonderful. I dropped my dress back down and tucked my panties into the silverware drawer. Someone will be in for a surprise later.
