 I lost complete track of time lying on the couch with Elaine wrapped in my arms and Richard collapsed between my spread thighs. Their bodies felt so good on my skin as we all slowly came down from our orgasms that had melted us together into one mound of satisfied flesh.

Gently I ran my fingers through Elaine's hair, over her shoulders and then down her smooth warm back, before finally coming to rest on her tight buns. She was so beautiful to caress and hold. Slowly her head lifted up from my chest and we stared deeply into each other's eyes, cementing our friendship and our new role of lovers to each other mostly, with Richard as a bonus.

"Lets go to bed where we can enjoy ourselves in comfort," she offered.

I smiled into her eyes in joyful and willing acceptance of her offer, knowing that she wanted me as much as I wanted her. Gently Elaine eased herself off my body, stood up and offered me her hand. I swung my leg over Richard so I could stand and follow Elaine as she led my by the hand into their master bedroom. We must have looked an interesting sight as we walked hand in hand with Elaine still in her posh dress leading her lover who was only wearing stockings & high heels. I could feel a cocktail of Richard's spunk and my own juices start to ease out of my well fucked pussy and trail onto my thigh.

Elaine opened the bedroom door and I entered the huge candle lit bedroom in a trance as I took in the huge King size bed and the luxurious furnishings. The room was romantic and beautiful, much as I hoped the rest of the night would be. We stood at the end of the bed and wrapped our arms around each other as our lips met and again began to explore each other's mouths. Now that the initial lust had been satisfied we both took our time caressing each other as we continued to share long, deep kisses. I wanted to undress my friend and lover, to see her naked body in its entirety after such a lovely glimpse earlier in the evening.

I broke our kiss and slid over to kiss her ear lobes, gently drawing the warm tab of flesh into my mouth for a minute before easing down onto her neck. Elaine sighed as she ran her fingers through my hair and gently pushed downwards. I slid my lips onto her shoulder as I eased the straps of her dress off her shoulders and pulled them onto her arms. Now I was on the road to discovery again as my lips slid on to her chest and the upper slope of her breasts enroute for her cleavage. My tongue gently tracked over her warm flesh as it entered the valley of pleasure, at the same time my hands tracked over the firmness of her breasts pushing the material down her skin until it peeled over her erect nipples and my thumbs automatically teased her sensitive points.


"Elaine you are so beautiful," I breathed as my head swung across to seal my lips over her right nipple.

"Hayli, I have dreamed and masturbated about this night so many times, I am so pleased it is finally coming true," Elaine praised in a soft sultry voice as she again pushed my head gently downwards.

I needed no second instruction to continue undressing my lover as my hands continued to peel the dress off her soft skin. It needed just a gentle push before it fell off her trim hips and slid down her thighs and legs to land on the thick carpet. She stood there in front of me naked except for some incredible thin & fine mesh panties and her high heels. The thin panties explained why no VPL showed through her stunning dress that evening, but they also showcased her fine figure. The slight flare of her trim hips, the bulge of her mound, and the shape of her exercised buns made me feel that all my Christmases had come at once ... I just didn't know what to unwrap and play with first.

Elaine decided that for me as she again gently pushed down on my head; she obviously had a need of her own that needed satisfying sooner rather than later. I slid to my knees in front of her and she gently eased my face forwards to her neatly trimmed mound. I breathed in the aroma of her hot excited pussy, the musky aroma igniting the fires of lust and desire inside me once more. I had already had four or five orgasms during the night; several of them the most intense I had ever experienced in my life, but now I felt a new wave of energy, a new surge of desire. I was with a woman that I had dreamt about, I had fantasized about this very moment, about the possibility of exploring and satisfying another woman; and now with her pussy only inches from my face the fantasy was about to become reality. My desire now was to give pleasure, my body had taken so much pleasure tonight I felt sort of numb but now I was going to give back.

"May I?" I asked.

"Oh God Yes," affirmed Elaine in a very dry whisper.

My hands slid up the outside of her thighs and around the back until I was cupping her tight curved cheeks through the material; and at the same time I eased my face forward until my nose pressed lightly against her bush. I breathed in, taking her aroma deep into my nostrils & lungs as I started to massage her cute ass cheeks. She smelt and felt so very good, but eventually she ran out of patience and she pushed my face into her bush. I gave her one long lap with my tongue from the bottom of her pussy up the full length of her moist lips to her clit, pressing the mesh into the folds of her lips and rubbing it against the hood of her clit.

Elaine's hand pressed my face tighter to her mound as she groaned, "Strip me and eat me, please" in a desperate tone.

Now I needed no second bidding as I slowly slid the mesh off her cute ass while enjoying the feel of her naked ass. Her pussy became exposed and my tongue darted for her lips immediately, piercing the sodden flesh apart and releasing the dam inside.

Elaine groaned once more and staggered a little. She stepped out of her crumpled dress and sat back onto the edge of the bed. I tugged her mesh panties off like a rabid dog and thrust her legs wide apart. The lust we were both feeling for one another had just stepped up a notch. I wanted to make slow sensual love to my friend and lover; but I recognised that she had a need and craving for satisfaction, and I was going to be the one to give it to her right now.

I shuffled forward on my knees until I was between her thighs again, the height of the bed positioning her pussy just below the level of my chin giving me perfect access to her pussy and clit. I ran my fingers lightly over the silky flesh of her inner thighs before running them through the curly hairs of her bush, out across her tummy and round onto her ass again where they felt so at home on her flesh.

"Please don't keep me waiting any longer Hayli," She begged and reached out to grip my head again as it descended towards her now spread pussy that glistened with traces of her juices.

We both knew that this wouldn't take long, Elaine was so in need of relief and I so much wanted to pleasure my friend that I angled my head down and sealed my whole mouth over her pussy. I sucked in my cheeks to form a slight vacuum that drew on her lips and at the same time my tongue darted to the base of her moist slit and eased her lips apart again.

Her fingers and hand gripped my head through my hair as she cried out loud "OH MY GOD HAYLI."

I didn't need any more encouragement as I slowly drew my tongue up the full length of her slit with the tip of my tongue spreading her wet lips as it travelled upwards. I teased her by stopping just short of her hood. I pressed forward and drove my tongue in a little deeper before lapping slowly downwards. I wanted to sample every millimetre of her pussy, I wanted to explore my friend and at the same time give her the most intense orgasm that I could. Once I got to the bottom I pressed hard against her and drove my tongue as deep into her now sodden pussy as I could. Her pent up juices now flowed over my tongue and she sighed and groaned out above me.

Her warm thighs closed around my head as she ran her fingers through my hair at a faster and more urgent pace.

"Please bring me off now Hayli, " she begged out loud, "Please just make me cum, I can't wait any longer."

Whilst I wanted to satisfy my new lover I also wanted this moment to be memorable for myself. I wanted to know and show that I could satisfy a woman better than the boy friends I had had in the past. It seemed more sensual, more intimate being between another woman's thighs rather than a man's. Maybe it was because I knew what she would be feeling at this moment hovering on the edge of release and about to fall over the chasm of orgasm. I was going to be the one to give her that release, pushing her over the edge.

But first I explored the depths of her pussy some more as my tongue lapped up the juices of her hot tunnel of womanly love. I could feel her getting closer and closer, I knew the longer I could keep her here on this edge the more intense her feeling would be.

Elaine was now thrusting her crotch hard into my face and pulling me forward into her mound. My nose was deep into her bush and my jaw rammed tight around her pussy. She was gagging for an orgasm as she wailed "HAYLI PLLLEEEAAASSSEEE."

I pulled back my tongue and gave a long lap upwards as my tongue rasped across her now swollen clit and pushed her over the edge. I lapped hard and fast across her tender sensitive bud and made her scream through her amazing orgasm. Her juices just gushed out of her and I lapped down into the river of juices to scoop some onto my tongue to then rub over her clit. I kept alternating between her pussy and her clit as Elaine thrashed around me, driven wild by my tongue and her body's desperate need to explode because of my over-stimulation.

Elaine's thighs clamped tight to my head, but I could still hear her screaming "Aaarrrggghhh Hayli," above me. I sank my nails deep into the flesh of her buns as I felt a mini orgasm flush through my own naked body. My nipples felt like they were on fire and needed attention.

Another long lick over her clit had Elaine tugging at my head as she crashed into the bottom of the chasm, totally spent, every nerve ending in her body screaming for the attack on her very being to stop. But her nerves were sending confused messages to her brain. Her brain tried to tell her hands to pull me away from her abused clit, but her thighs were still twitching and clamping me in place as the last echoes of her orgasm still reverberated through her thighs and legs.

Suddenly her thighs released their grip and her hands thrust my lips away from her now abused and swollen clit. I licked my lips, savouring the taste and texture of her juices. Slowly I pushed myself up and stood between her spread legs. Elaine's arms shot out straight towards me like a babe wanting her mother. She wrapped her arms around my hips and pulled me to her. Instinctively I wrapped my arms around her still trembling shoulders to comfort her. Her face turned upwards towards mine and I could see tears running down her cheeks. Her mouth opened and her eyes seemed to beg; it just seemed so natural for me to run my fingers through her hair and pull her lips onto my nipple. So she took comfort against my warm tender flesh like a babe in my arms, and I just stood there feeling her warmth against my body as we both recovered from such an emotional and sensual experience.

After a few long minutes I finally pulled her to her feet and kissed her tenderly on the lips before leading her around the side of the bed. I pulled back the bedclothes and guided her into bed before climbing in along side her. We kissed long, as established lovers do, and then she slid downward to nuzzle her head into my breasts. I hugged her to me and felt her tears dry against my skin as her breathing slowed, her body relaxed completely and she fell into an exhausted sleep against me.

I held her for several minutes, swimming in her warmth and love, listening to her slow breaths. Then I heard a slight cough. I lifted my head to see Richard sitting in a chair against the wall beyond the foot of the bed. He sat there with a very content knowing smile on his face, looking directly at me. We had given him what he had originally asked for. I saw his legs open wide apart and I could see his blood-swollen manhood standing there proud and erect like a soldier on parade. I stared at his magnificent body, his strong arms, his smooth well-defined chest, and his powerful thighs. He really was quite a sight.

However, my eyes were drawn back to that magnificent cock, it looked rock hard and it was resting against his flat stomach. He was just sitting there looking at me. My body was tired and minutes from a deep sleep but I couldn't take my eyes off that cock. It seemed to be calling me and I couldn't resist. My desire was out of control. I slid slowly out of bed, leaving Elaine sleeping soundly. I walked slowly over to Richard and stood directly in front of him. He didn't move, he just sat there looking at me.

I dropped to my knees and moved up between his spread legs. I reached out and touched his beautiful cock. I could feel the strength and power in it. I ran my fingers lightly over the head and then down the long shaft. I took his balls in my hand and caressed them softly. I leaned in and kissed his cock lightly on the head. I felt it twitch through my lips. I opened my mouth and slid down his manhood. The first few inches slid in easily until it hit the back of my throat. I raised my eyes to look at him and he was smiling wide. I held back a chuckle as I wondered what I must look like, kneeling between my boss's legs with his cock half-buried in my mouth. I wondered if he had dreamed of this.

I held his stare as I drove my mouth over his cock, taking it completely down my throat until I felt his hair tickle my nose. I held it as long as I could and then slid it slowly out to take a quick breath. I ran my tongue around the head and then down and back up the shaft. I took it in my mouth again and sunk it deep in my throat. I looked up and saw his eyes closed, his mouth open and his breathing speeding up, but he still didn't move. I realized this must have been another of Richard's goals. He had fulfilled his quest of fucking me, he had witnessed me making love to his wife and now he was sitting perfectly still while his pretty assistant swallowed his cock.

I felt his cock twitch a little and I realized he was close to giving me a bath. I slid up until just the head was in my warm mouth and circled it with my tongue. He was groaning now and his head was moving back and forth. I sucked him deep in my mouth again and continued to caress his balls with my hand. I ran my other hand across his smooth chest while I bobbed slowly on his cock. He hit the wall and I felt a hot splash of cum hit the back of my throat and I swallowed quickly. He shot another load and I tried unsuccessfully to swallow it. It was pooling in my mouth as the next load exploded. I swallowed again but his cum was now seeping out of the corners of my mouth and running down my chin. He shot another small load and I swallowed it easily. I pulled off and his cock dropped limply from my mouth. A deep sigh escaped his lips but his eyes remained closed.

I wiped the drops of cum from my chin and massaged it into my hard nipples. My breasts were so sensitive and the warm cum felt good on my skin. His powerful cock was not hanging limply between his legs, so small it was hard to believe a minute ago he had at least 4 inches down my throat. I reached out and caressed it. It twitched in my hand. I couldn't believe it wasn't just shrivelled up after this night but it seemed to still be alive. 

I got to my feet and stood in front of Richard. I straddled Richard's legs and sat on his lap. His arms wrapped around me and pulled me close. He lowered his head and licked my left nipple. I gasped as it felt so good. He licked the other nipple. He took it into his mouth and sucked lightly. I put my hands on the back of his head, hoping to keep him there forever. He ran his warm hands up and down my back and then down and over my ass. His fingers touched the crack between my cheeks and ran lightly up and down it. I felt the heat rising in my crotch. 

I ground my crotch into his and I felt his cock start to harden again. This man was amazing, he was going to fuck me senseless. I wondered what our future would bring. Would he drive me insane with lust at work by not touching me would he just wear me out all day. I felt his cock growing hard against my hot pussy. It was growing quickly now and it was touching my stomach. I moved back slightly and grabbed his wonderful tool, holding it in place as I lowered myself down on it.

I continued to slide down and he was now touching new places. This was the third time his cock had visited my pussy tonight but because of the position I felt he was up into my stomach as I slid completely down on his lap. I felt my breath leave my as he hit bottom. I was trying to breathe slowly, adjusting to him being so deep in my body. I hugged him tightly, squashing my breasts against his powerful chest. I could hear his slow breathing. His lips touched my ear and kissed it softly. I heard him whisper in my ear.

"Ride me Hayli, fuck me hard." He whispered in my ear.

I pulled away to look at him. He smiled at me sweetly. I pushed off of the floor, lifting myself up a few inches and then dropping back onto his lap.

"That's it baby girl, ride that cock." Richard said.

I loved it when he called me that. I rose up again and lowered back down. Up and down again. I felt him sliding in and out of me and it felt wonderful. The whole idea of me moving myself up and down over him made me feel like I was in total control but yet not. I continued to bounce up and down, increasing my pace, my thighs working hard. How long would he last this time? Could I keep up with him? I was now moving very quickly, his cock driving deep into me with each stroke. I put my hands on his shoulders to help as I rode him. 

I felt like I had been going for 10 minutes but I wasn't sure. I knew my pussy was getting sore and he was still rock hard. I was breathing hard and running out of energy. Finally I dropped onto his lap, unable to move any more.

"Richard, I'm sorry. I can't go on." I said through my heavy breathing. 

"That's okay baby, I'll finish up." He said as he put his arms around my thighs and stood up, leaving me impaled on his cock. 

He turned around and put me in the chair, draping my legs over the arms. He pushed my legs up hard almost to the back of the chair and started to pound in and out of my sore pussy. I heard his skin slapping against mine and I was amazed Elaine did not wake up. I felt my breasts bounce with every stroke. He was hammering me now, no, he was fucking me hard! I felt like I was trapped by his cock and he was punishing me. I tried to slow my breathing as he continued to saw in and out of me. His pace was incredible and seemed to be able to go on forever.

I lost total track of time again with Richard using my pussy. I opened my eyes and sweat was pouring down his face. He was concentrating hard and my pussy was now numb. I knew he was still fucking me because I could feel him against my thighs but he had fucked the feeling out of my poor pussy. I saw him grimace and then bury himself deep and hold himself there. I felt him twitch inside me and a warm feeling deep in my womb. I knew he was depositing another load deep within me.

He pulled away slowly and stood up. I looked up at him but I couldn't move any part of my body. 

"Richard, I can't move." I said with a whimper.

He reached down and took my legs off the chair arms. He then pulled me up and lifted me in his arms. I laid my head against his chest as he carried me over to the bed. He placed me softly next to Elaine and pushed me up against Elaine's back. I put my right arm over her and held her breast as I snuggled next to her. She moved her arm up and put her hand over mine. I heard her sigh deeply.
