 I was the first to wake up and it took awhile for me to realise where I was after so much champagne and even greater amounts of sex last night with my boss, Richard, and his wife, Elaine, after their party in their amazing home. I was laying between them in their king sized bed with Elaine's tanned back facing me and Richard's hand resting on my hip inches away from my well satisfied pussy.

I was surprised to find that I was still in my stocking as I carefully tried to climb out of bed without waking up my new lovers. Gently I manage to get out over the top of Elaine and when I stood on the carpet I could see she was still peacefully asleep, but her full breasts were exposed over the white cotton sheet. Her twin tanned orbs stood out against the bright white sheet and looked so inviting to my hands and mouth, but I knew there would be plenty more opportunities to sample, adore, worship, and taste her breasts this weekend and in the future.

Quietly I slipped out of the bedroom and walked naked down to the guest suite and back into the shower after first removing my stockings. The hot pulsing jets of the multiple shower heads brought me instantly awake, but brought with it a slight hangover from excessive champagne consumption, and some aches from my thighs from wonderful sexual activity last night with Elaine and Richard.

I soaked myself all over, paying particular attention to my breasts and pussy. My nipples and breasts were tender from all of the attention they had received and from my dress brushing against them after removing my bra earlier in the evening. My thighs were tender from being spread wide and from Richard's loins slamming into them when he was shagging me. Gently I fingered myself to freshen myself for the anticipated action that would continue once everyone was awake, refreshed & rested. I directed one of the low level wall mounted jets straight at my mound and I used both hands to gently ease my tender pussy lips apart to let the water spray into my pussy and onto my clit. God, the feeling was tremendous ..... I nearly came there and then ...... the warmth and pulsing pressure on my clit made my knees go weak and my nipples harden even more. Quickly I diverted the jet onto my thighs before I orgasmed, my body still seemed to be hyped from the night before ..... or maybe it was now hyped anticipating the action that I hoped would come today.

'God Hayli, get out of here girl before you cream yourself,' I thought.

I turned off the low level jets and spent a couple of minutes shampooing my hair while I willed my body to settle down. Once I had rinsed myself thoroughly I stepped out of the shower and grabbed one of the big fluffy white towels off the heated towel rail and wrapped it across the top of my boobs and then wrapped a smaller towel around my head. The towel was so soft against my skin and its fluffy texture teased my horny nipples as I brushed my teeth and spruced myself up. Once I was dry I dropped the towels to the floor and admired my tanned trim naked figure in the heated mirror while I applied a touch of perfume, brushed out my hair and then took a minute to look at myself in the mirror.

'Well Hayli things have changed in the last 12 hours,' I thought to myself, 'I wonder who is going to be taking hold of those lovely hard nipples next?'

I involuntarily rubbed my thighs together, 'Get dressed girl, get some breakfast and get hold of yourself.' I instructed myself.

Putting on a thick fluffy terry robe I headed off to the kitchen to start making some breakfast as I was sure Richard and Elaine would be feeling as famished as I felt now, and also that we would be needing plenty of energy for the rest of the day!!!!

I cooked a huge serving of pancakes, and set the table with fruit juice and strong coffee. I had just finished when the kitchen door opened and a freshly showered Elaine walked in wrapped in an identical robe, but with her lovely hair still wrapped in a towel. She looked at the table, smiled a warm beaming smile at me and then walked up to me.

I turned to face her next to the table and she walked right into my arms and kissed me square on the lips. I opened my mouth and her tongue darted in and met mine. I kissed her back hard. She tasted so great, her mouth, lips, and tongue were so soft and warm. I felt like I could just stand here and kiss her forever.

She eventually pulled away from me slowly, her lips lingering on mine before breaking contact. She stared at me with her beautiful sparkling blue eyes.

"Did you have fun last night, sweetie?" She asked in a soft voice.

"Oh yes." Was all I could mutter.

"I'm glad, I was worried that we would overwhelm you or that you would be uncomfortable with some of the things that happened." She said.

"No, last night was incredible. I have never had a night like that in my life. I loved it. I have to admit I am a little surprised by everything that happened but it was all wonderful." I said.

"Great, I love having you here; you are so beautiful and sexy. I am going to have trouble keeping my hands off of you." Elaine said with a chuckle.

I could feel myself blushing, her compliments embarrassing me a little.

"Are you hungry?" I asked her.

"Famished, you have truly outdone yourself, sweetheart. A fabulous lover and a great cook? You are quite a girl." Elaine said.

"Please sit down and I will get you some coffee." I said as I pulled her chair out.

She sat down and I hurried off to the kitchen to get her a cup. I put one teaspoon of sugar and extra cream, just like she liked it. I did have a mind for details and a great memory. Those were two qualities I used often to make myself more attractive in the workplace. Richard was very fond of reminding me of how important they were in our business. I returned to the table, filled her cup with coffee and set it down slowly in front of her, careful not to spill the hot liquid. 

As I placed down her coffee I felt her left hand touch the back of my right knee and run slowly up my leg. She pushed my robe up as her hand ran up the back of my leg and touched my ass. She ran her fingers lightly over my butt and then touched the top of my crack. She ran her fingers lightly between my cheeks all the way down to the top of my thighs. As her fingers hit the top of my thigh my legs instinctively spread apart slightly.

Her fingers then brushed lightly at the bottom of my pussy. I was very sensitive there and I moaned lightly. I put my hands on the table to brace myself as my legs were still weak from the night before. I felt her right hand touch the front of my right thigh and run up my leg. I closed my eyes, losing myself in the pleasure. Her right hand brushed lightly across my pussy lips and grazed my clit. I gasped.

Her left hand went back to my ass and was running lightly up and down my crack. Her right hand was now rubbing my stomach above my pussy. Her hands were so warm and soft; they were sending tingles through my body. I could feel my excitement building slowly. How was this woman doing this with just her two hands? Her right hand dropped and touched my clit. I moaned out loud, spread my legs farther apart, and started pushing my hips forward, reaching for her fingers.

She rubbed my clit softly and circled it slowly. Her left hand was now massaging my ass cheeks a little harder. My hips were taking a life of their own and trying to force her fingers into me. She ran her fingers down and touched me between my wet pussy lips. She ran down the moist opening and pushed her finger inside me. I pushed forward, forcing her finger deeper up my wet slit. Her fingers on my butt were now running down my crack again and pushing between them to touch my asshole. I felt a surge hit me hard and I gasped and moaned.

"You like that sweetie." Elaine whispered.

"Yes, yes." I said through my moans and deep breathing.

Her finger pushed farther up my pussy and she pulled away from my asshole to rub my cheeks again. I felt her pull out of my pussy slowly and then touch my clit with her wet finger. She pushed against it and then moved it in a circle. I could feel my body responding, my first orgasm of the day building up in my toes. It raced up my legs and just as I was about to cum she touched my asshole again and I exploded. My body went into convulsions and my breathing was rough. She continued to rub my clit though my entire orgasm and then pulled away just before it became uncomfortable. My breathing slowed as I came down from the experience. 

I leaned over and kissed her hard on the lips. I pulled back and looked right at her.

"I love you." I whispered.

"And I love you sweetheart. Good morning." She said.

I sat down next to her and we started to eat. My hunger grew with each bite. My little body had been through quite a bit and it was now craving energy. I ate more than I had in a long time. We finished and both realized at the same time that Richard was still not up.

"I guess we wore out loverboy last night." Elaine said.

"When does he usually get up on the weekends?" I asked.

"By now for sure" she said as she turned to look at the clock displaying 9:30.

"Let's go wake him up." She said and sounded just like a little girl planning mischief.

She got up, grabbed my hand and dragged me down the hall to the bedroom door. We looked through the crack in the door to see Richard sprawled across the bed. His right leg was completely exposed, the sheet draped across his crotch and half across his chest. He looked magnificent lying there. Elaine pulled me into the room and we tiptoed to the bed. She stood me on the right side of the bed. I felt her hands wrap around me and untie my robe. She pulled it open and gently eased it off of my shoulders. She walked around the bed, laying my robe across the chair and then taking hers off and placing it on top of mine. She walked up to the left side of the bed.

She reached out and grabbed the sheet. She slowly pulled it off, exposing more and more of his fabulous body. I saw his pubic hair and then his penis lying soft against his thigh. He remained sound asleep. She motioned to me and pointed to his penis. I saw her lean down and kiss it right on the head. I leaned over and kissed the shaft and ran my tongue up to the head, swirling it across the top. She kissed his balls and flicked them with her tongue. I opened my mouth slightly and sucked in the head of his penis. It was so soft, so different than last night when it felt like a rod of steel.

Elaine sucked his balls into her mouth as I pulled more of him into my mouth. I felt a hand touch my shoulder and I realized Richard was now awake. I turned my eyes toward him, sliding more of his penis in. He looked at me and smiled. I could feel him growing hard in my mouth. I pulled off and grabbed him with my hand. Elaine pulled off his balls and I put him in her mouth. She sucked him in completely and then ran her mouth slowly back off. I took him in and swallowed him down. I bobbed a couple of times on him and then pulled off.

Elaine looked at me and said, "Top or bottom, you pick." 

I looked at Richard and then at his rock hard cock. My pussy was tingling. Did I want his cock or his tongue? I didn't know what to do until he looked right at me and licked his lips slowly. I knew what I had to do. I stood up and climbed on the bed, straddling his face. I sat down slowly until I felt his tongue touch my smouldering pussy. Elaine climbed up and straddled his crotch. I leaned forward and grabbed his cock and lined it up with her moist hole. I rubbed it across her clit and then slid it up into her wet opening. She sat down slowly and I watched his rod slide up into her beautiful body. I knew exactly what she was feeling as I was in the same position not 9 hours ago.

I sat up and faced Elaine. She leaned forward and pulled me to her. Her lips touched mine and her tongue shot into my mouth. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her, our breasts smashing against each other. I could feel her hard nipples against me. I felt Richard's tongue moving around my pussy. He was quite good. He touched my clit, flicking his tongue over it and then licked the inside of my lips. He then drove his long tongue up into me and locked his mouth over my pussy. I pulled away from Elaine as she was now bouncing on his cock. I held her as Richard continued to make love to my pussy with his fabulous tongue.

I leaned back and watched as Elaine moved up and down on Richard. I could see his cock going in and out of her. I watched her beautiful breasts bounce as she moved up and down. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was open. She was absolutely beautiful. I was transfixed and then I felt Richard's teeth on my clit as he bit down lightly. I was ripped out of my trance and I felt another surge growing in me. He was now sucking my clit hard into his mouth. I pushed down on his face. I leaned forward and placed my hands on my thighs. Richard pulled my clit in and then bit down again. 

Another orgasm racked my body. I screamed as I went into another convulsion, smashing my crotch into Richard's face. Elaine was now moving quickly as she watched me cum. She banged down hard on his crotch and stopped. I saw her shudder through her own orgasm and then I felt Richard twinge beneath me. He was cumming inside her as she went through her orgasm. I was just recovering as Elaine lifted herself off of Richard. I saw his limp cock slide out of her and flop onto his stomach. I leaned forward and sucked him into my mouth.

I tasted his cum and Elaine's juices mixing in my mouth. It tasted wonderful. I licked his cock until it was perfectly clean and then I got off of his face and sat beside him.

"Good morning, are you hungry?" I said to him. 

He reached out and caressed my breasts.

"Famished." He said as he massaged my breasts and lightly pulled on my nipple.

"Well then get your butt out of bed and come into the kitchen before it gets cold." I said.

"Oh, darling, I don't think anything is going to get cold around here today." He said and looked at me with a sly smile, rolling my nipple between his fingers.

I looked over at Elaine. "Does he ever get tired?" I said.

"Fortunately for us, sweetheart, no, he doesn't." She said.

Elaine crawled off the bed and retrieved her robe. She picked up mine and walked to the side of the bed. 

"Let her go, we don't want to wear her out too early. We have a big day ahead of us." Elaine said and pulled me off the bed and stood me next to her.

She put my robe on me and tied it back.

"Let's go warm up the food for King Richard." Elaine said with a giggle and pulled me with her as she skipped out of the room.

I walked behind Elaine, her soft hand in mine, into the kitchen. She took a plate and started to put food onto it for Richard. She poured him a cup of coffee. No sugar, no cream for King Richard. She carried his plate and coffee to the table. She put the plate in the microwave and closed the door. I heard it kick on and watched the pancakes spin slowly through the glass. I was just standing there, mesmerized by the food spinning and the feelings flowing through my body. 

Richard walked by me and sat down just as the bell dinged to pull me out of my trance. Elaine took the plate out and placed it in front of Richard. He took a sip of coffee and then drowned his pancakes with maple syrup. Elaine sat down across from him and sipped her coffee.

Richard looked at her and smiled. "So darling, what should we do with sweet Hayli today?" He said.

Elaine looked up at me and smiled. "Oh, I am sure we can come up with something." She said.

I felt a shudder of excitement run through my sore body as I thought about the upcoming day.

While Richard was eating I cleared away the breakfast things and saw what a wonderful day it was becoming outside. I made us all some fresh coffee and then took my mug and the Sunday paper outside and sat on a lounger by the pool. I thought that this would give Elaine & Richard some time to talk and plan if they wanted to, and also give me time to think. Don't get me wrong, I had absolutely no regrets about what the three of us had done, and I was excited about what we might be doing for the rest of the day. It just felt odd reading the paper while various ideas floated around my mind ..... all involving sex!!!!

About 15 minutes later Elaine came out with two glasses of orange juice. She still had on her robe, tied at the waist. I pulled my knees up and put the paper down so she could sit on the end of the sun lounger. I tugged my robe up to cover my knees. She passed me the fresh orange and we both looked into each other's eyes as we sipped our juice. I wondered what she was thinking as she studied me. In return I was thinking how fortunate a position I was in with two great friends and two tremendous lovers, probably with no boundaries to limit us. Whilst Richard is a nice man, a great boss, and a sensual considerate lover, it was Elaine that fascinated me. I have dreamed about her, and in a way envied her for a while, but now I was finding out what a caring, sharing person she was. I wasn't that naïve that I didn't know that she was greatly turned on by the current situation where she and Richard had a playmate. She must have read my thoughts.

Sliding her hand onto the back of my calf I felt her warm silky touch on my skin, and I adored it as she calmly praised, "Hayli you are such a sweetie, and I know we are going to have such fun together."

I closed my eyes and leaned back in the lounge. Her touch was electric on my bare calf and she ran her hand up to my knee and then down to my foot. I felt my robe fall off my knees. I opened my eyes as I realized I was naked under my robe and sitting in their backyard. I noticed for the first time they had a very tall fence surrounding the yard so I relaxed a bit. I leaned back and closed my eyes. I felt Elaine run her hand back up to my knee and then over to my thigh. I sucked in my breath as her soft hand touched my sensitive thigh.

Elaine's hand left my thigh and I felt her take my glass away from me. I opened my eyes to see her place her glass and mine on the small table next to the lounge. She then touched my calf again and ran her hand up to my knee again. Her touch was so soft and warm. It felt like an electric current flowed out of her fingers onto my skin. I closed my eyes again.

Her hand moved back to my thigh and I felt her press lightly on my thigh. I opened my legs and felt my robe fall away. I knew my lower body was on full display in front of Elaine. I felt her hands touch my inner thighs and move back up to my knees. She then ran them down my thighs towards my crotch. She stopped inches from my aching pussy and then ran them back to my knees. I felt my crotch lifting off the lounge, reaching for her. I heard her chuckle.

"Hayli, you are such a sexual creature and so beautiful. I am going to have trouble concentrating on anything else while you are here." I heard her say.

I opened my eyes and smiled at her. Her finger slid down my thigh and ran lightly across my pussy, brushing my swollen clit. I closed my eyes again and gasped as the mini-orgasm ripped through me. I felt her grab the robe and untie it. She pulled it to the sides as she slid her hand up my sides. I felt the robe fall and my breasts now felt the warmth of the sun. I felt her lips touch my stomach above my pussy.

She kissed all over my stomach and then worked her way up to my breasts. My nipples were rock hard and aching for her touch. She kissed between them and then up to my neck. I threw my head back as she kissed my sensitive neck. I then felt her lips touch mine softly. I kissed her back. She kissed my cheek and then over to my right ear. I heard her soft voice.

"Hayli, slowly look up to your left. Do you see the house next door?" she said.
