 We stopped off for fuel on the way, by that I mean body fuel as our morning of lovemaking and raw sex had drained our reserves to empty, especially after the night before. An hour later we were recharged and on the way to a small but select mall of shops that knew how to look after their customers, or should I say Clients.

We walked into a small but discreet dress shop where the assistant, well more a hostess, knew Richard and Elaine by their first names and greeted them with hugs & kisses. Richard was served his favourite coffee and led to the 'Husbands' settee complete with the latest men's magazines while Elaine dragged me into the rows of dresses like a little girl running into the forest to play. We were like teenagers pulling dresses off the rails and holding them up in front of the mirror. I found a dress best described as "Fuck Me to Death"; it was a black cocktail dress that would have had every guy at an event wanting to knee tremble me against the nearest wall there and then. Next came a lovely satin blouse and a tight skirt that said "Fuck me over your desk Richard". Then there were the fun dresses, a tight white blouse and a short, pleated plaid skirt that cried out "Fuck Me Daddy"; 'Ha' I thought to myself 'Daddy rather than Teacher, you slut Hayley'. I went back to the knee trembler dress and tried it on. As I stood in front of the mirror Elaine slide in behind me and wrapped her arms around my tummy and whispered in my ear "They will be queuing up to fuck you in that dress," as she slid her hands up to cup and squeeze my breasts, "Richard would naturally be first and I would be a very close second," she smiled over my shoulder still holding my tits in her hands. Next I tried the pleated plaid skirt and strutted past Richard. He briefly looked up from his magazine and said in a loud voice "Does that come with the white cotton schoolgirl panties little girl?" The hostess with the mostest didn't bat an eyelid and I ran back to Elaine giggling like a schoolgirl. Richard and Elaine were such fun to be with and to share my body with.

By now Elaine had on a long satin gown and she looked a million dollars. "Wow," I breathed in open admiration, "You are so beautiful Elaine." She smiled and her eyes twinkled with a 'Come kiss me' look; so I did. I wrapped my arms around her flared hips and kissed her warmly as she in turn ran her hands under my skirt to cup my ass in a loving embrace.

An hour later we skipped out of there with 4 bags apiece and Richard's plastic looking scorched. Next came the most divine lingerie shop I have ever seen. There wasn't changing cubicles, there were discreet rooms with soft lighting and music complete with a chaise long to relax on and be admired on. To be honest I wouldn't have been surprised if some couples hadn't test driven the lingerie in there before buying. It was that sort of high class place where you could.

Elaine and I laughed, hugged and kissed as we arrived in the changing room together both holding a Basque, stockings and suspenders. Hers was white, mine was black. Minutes later we were stood side by side admiring ourselves and each other in the wall sized mirror. Elaine's hand slid down to rub the bare skin of my thigh just above the stocking top as she purred "I could eat you in that."

I turned and kissed her, then breaking the kiss I smiled into her lust filled eyes, "Why don't you," and with that I led her by the hand over to the chaise long and settled down comfortably before lifting my stockinged feet onto the bottom and then spread my knees wide apart in open invitation to my lover.

Elaine needed no second invitation.

She smiled lovingly at me as she looked down on my spread thighs, and then her knees bent as she sank to the floor. She knelt at the end of the chaise long and slid her warm hands onto the back of my rounded, stocking covered calves. I just loved the feel of her body touching mine, her touch alone turned me on; and I felt my pussy go damp automatically just at her touch.

Slowly her hands worked their way upwards over the silky stockings until she reached the band of bare soft thigh flesh. I was ready to cum just based on these sensations alone, I just love having my legs stroked, and especially through stockings or pantyhose. I just sighed and eased my thighs wider apart so she could continue her journey to my pussy. Elaine teased me by stroking my bare skin for several minutes as I arched my back and thrust my covered pussy towards her in open need of more attention. The gusset of my black lace panties was sodden with my oozing juices and my pussy hadn't even been stroked yet. I was craving more attention and Elaine knew it, but she just continued to tease.

I couldn't stand it any longer, I needed release, and I need to cum. "Please ..... Elaine," I begged softly to my lover. She smiled into my eyes as I looked down at her between my spread thighs. "Please," I begged once more. A slight movement then I felt the feather light touch of her fingertip on the gusset as it was stretched across my now sodden pussy. "Please," I begged yet again and was rewarded with increased pressure as she pushed the gusset between my pussy lips.

"Yessss," I panted in open appreciation of her loving touch; but I needed more and I needed it right now; I was hungry again ..... for her body and for her love.

The pressure of the gusset being pushed into my pussy increased as the lips spread to accommodate it, I sighed again as I felt the pressure increase and more upwards. The juices saturated the material, oozing through onto her skin as her finger rubbed up the length of my slit and onto my clit. Her fingertip was on my clit less than five seconds when my body let go and started to orgasm; my back arched, my ass lifted and pressed hard against her finger which slid down pushing the gusset tight and deep into my pussy. "GOD ELAINE," I screamed as I creamed. I ass quivered in the air, supported by my feet on the chaise long as I ground my pussy hard against her probing finger. The silky gusset rubbed and excited my creaming pussy and clit; I automatically squeezed my full breasts through the Basque, pressing down hard on my nipples seeking relief.

"PLEASE ELAINE, FINISH ME OFF ...... EAT ME HERE AND NOW ...... PLEASE!!!!" I shouted and begged as I continued to hump against her finger.

Calmly Elaine gripped the edge of the gusset and pulled it out of my pussy. The cool air of the air conditioning met my steaming hot flesh and I felt some brief relief as Elaine coolly climbed between my spread thighs and brought her mouth down to seal her lips over my pussy.

"YES," I cried out in open relief and appreciation as her tongue forced my lips apart and sank into my hot, wet love tube. Her hands slid under my ass to grip my buns as she started to eat my out as if it was her last supper. I tugged at my breasts, pulling the hot heaving flesh out of the cups of the Basque so I could maul and tug at my erect nipples as Elaine started to run her long tongue around the inside of my pussy. I squeezed hard onto the erect buds that 'seemed directly wired to my pussy. The pain I imposed on my nipples just seemed to make my pussy even wetter as juices flowed out onto Elaine's hungry tongue.

I noticed movement out the corner of my eyes and I turned my head slightly to see Richard in the doorway with the hostess standing at his side. I smiled broadly at my other lover, not caring that the hostess was watching as well. Richard smiled down at us as he watched his lovely wife eating me out on the chaise long in front of him.

I reached down to touch Elaine for the first time and ran my fingers through her hair to gently grip the back of her head and pull it firmly onto my pussy so there was no risk of her leaving my pussy. She just lapped, sucked, licked and loved the inside of my pussy and up onto my clit and her hands continued to squeeze the flesh of my ass, her nails sinking into the pliant flesh. I was just in heaven, loving every minute of this exciting day shopping with my two lovers.

"May I help you with that Sir?" I heard the hostess ask and I turned to look directly at them. The hostess had stepped forward & turned to be just slightly in front & to one side of Richard as she looked down at the front of his tented slacks. The hard bulge of his thick, meaty cock was impossible to hide.

"Yes, of course," he calmly replied never taking his eyes off his wife for a second as she continued to eat me.

The hostess elegantly sank to her knees and calmly reached forward to grip his zipper and pulled it down. She was so professional, only interested in her client; she didn't run her hand over the bulge first to take pleasure for herself. She calmly reached into and pulled his briefs down to release the hard thick meat that they contained. Her fingers wrapped around his length as she gently slid her hand back towards the base of his cock, peeling the foreskin back at the same time exposing the purple swollen tip of his fantastic cock.

"May I Sir?" she asked politely.

"Yes, of course," Richard replied still looking directly at the action in front of him. His eyes never even blinked as she opened her mouth wide and took the swollen head between her cherry red lips and sucked down on his meat.

It just seemed so unreal to me as I lay there. I was in a high class lingerie shop wearing the merchandise as one of my lovers ate my pussy between my stockinged thighs and my other lover calmly stood in the doorway to the changing room with the hostess on her knees in front of him obediently servicing his rock solid cock in her mouth. I just couldn't believe my eyes, but it seemed so natural to the three people in front of me.

My focus soon shifted back to my pussy as I felt another orgasm starting to build as Elaine expertly loved and teased me with her tongue and fingertips. This lady sure knew how to pleasure a pussy and a lover. I gripped the back of Elaine's head and lovingly eased her upwards so she could focus solely on my clit, which she did as she understood my need as any woman lover would.

My body was just on fire, every sense moving towards overload. The feelings emanating from my body were so intense – Elaine's tongue on my clit; her nails sunk deep into my buns; and my fingers tugging at my erect nipples. On top on the intense feelings was the visual stimulation of watching the hostess with her mouth full of hot meaty cock as she professionally serviced her client, sucking down on his cock as her tongue teased the sensitive vein along the underside of his cock. Richard looked to be in seventh heaven; his two ladies loving each other right in front of him and his cock receiving the most amazing blow job he had received in a long time. He just couldn't stand there detached and not participating as his hand slowly gripped the back of the hostess's head in appreciation of her professional administrations. Whilst gripping the back of her head gently, but firmly, he started to slide her up and down the length of his rampant pole. Her lips formed a perfect O around his cock as it slid in and out of her full red lips; a coating of saliva glistening under the mood light of the changing suite.

Richard looked as if he could have kept rodding her mouth and throat for hours but the hostess had other ideas as she increased the friction of her lips and throat around his meat. A gentle, but content groan escaped his lips as he increased the pace of pulling and pushing her head in conjunction with now starting to rock his hips forward and back as he now started to seriously fuck her mouth.

I felt pangs of jealousy as I watched Richard's hot solid prick rod in and out of her mouth, but I was soon distracted from such thoughts as Elaine eased herself up from between my thighs and worked her way up to my exposed tits. I swooned as her lips closed over my nipple and she sucked hard on the erect bud.

"God Elaine," I sighed as waves of pleasure swept over my body again. With one hand I ran my fingers through Elaine's hair in appreciation of the sensations she was sending coursing through my body. With my other hand I reached down her back to cup and squeeze her cute tight ass through the satin panties that she was wearing.

"Elaine you feel so good my lover," I praised as she chewed my nipple between her teeth, making my juices flow again.

"Babe, you sure know how to look after a client," I heard Richard praise the hostess as she continued to draw on his rigid cock, but now started to cup and squeeze his cum-filled balls. Richard was fucking her welcoming and receptive mouth with a slow, even pace; sliding his whole length down her accommodating throat.

I felt another orgasm starting to build deep inside of me. I wanted to finger my clit but I didn't want to take my hand off Elaine's cute ass either.

"Elaine please finger my clit ..... I need to cum ..... Please bring me off again," I begged softly. I felt Elaine move her hand between our bodies as she worked her way across my hips and down between my thighs before her fingertips brushed across my mound and ran over my clit. Electricity and pleasure coursed through me at the feel of her finger tips.

"OH GOD YES ELAINE," I cried out aloud as two fingers penetrated deep into my sodden pussy and her thumb gently sort out my erect and throbbing clit. I instantly took my own hand off the back of her head to thrust it between our bodies to search out one of her breasts contained in the cups of the Basque. I roughly thrust my hand into the tight cup and tugged one of her full breasts free of its confinement. I heard Elaine groan over my nipple at this unexpected rough treatment of her breast, but I needed release and I needed to return the pleasure my lover was giving me.

The sight of the hostess sucking Richard off so expertly seemed to go out of focus as the next orgasm washed across my entire body. Elaine's fingers ploughed in and out of my throbbing quim, her lips sucked hard down on my nipple and heaving breast; and in return I luxated in the feelings that arced through my entire body; a mixture of ecstasy and a little pain was my senses went into overload. Elaine read my body beautifully, knowing I was about to trip over the edge into a body wrenching orgasm. Electricity seemed to arc and short between my chewed nipple and my fingered pussy, as my juices flowed over Elaine's invading fingers. My lover knew my body as well as I did and she knew what I needed, so her mouth sucked down hard on my breast and her two fingers sank full depth into my pussy causing her thumb to rub hard across my hard excited clit. A new habit was being established with my new lovers over this most amazing of weekends – I screamed and creamed. The orgasms they generated from my body and soul were better than anything else that I had ever experienced, either from my own administrations or from the few lovers I had had before this most amazing weekend. My screaming, groaning and wailing as I orgasmed was just too much for Richard to bear; he gripped the back of the hostess's head in a tight grip and fucked her mouth and throat with several firm lunges before his head tilted backwards and he groaned out loud as he shot thick wads of spunk deep down her receptive throat. "BABY, BABY, BABY," he cried out loud as wad after wad was eagerly swallowed by the hostess, thoroughly enjoying her days work.

My body and were so wired and hyped that I was just overwhelmed with pleasure and fantastic sensations. I hurriedly pulled Elaine tightly into my arms as I shook and shivered in the closing moments of such a blissful and fulfilling orgasm. As I hugged her tightly on the chaise long I watched Richard run his fingers through the hostess's hair as she gently licked the head of his cock clean of the last traces of the spunk that had filled her mouth and throat. I could see him twitch and wince slightly whenever she licked a sensitive bit of his now softening cock. I looked up at his face to see his eyes glazed over with contented pleasure as the refined lady at his feet loving and obediently cleaned his cock. He looked so relaxed and satisfied that I wasn't jealous of the fact that it wasn't me tending his cock; instead I hugged Elaine tightly and whispered in her ear, "Swap places please, I want to return the pleasure and pay homage to that lovely pussy of yours."

"Go on my lover," she huskily breathed back. We quickly swapped places and she lay there with her legs spread for me. I kissed the inside of her thighs and worked my way straight to her covered pussy. Ideally I would have eaten her through the material of her panties. I would have used my tongue to rub the satin material across her excited and erect clit. But now I just wanted to taste her juices and lick her hot flesh. My fingers griped the gusset of her panties and pulled them clear of her exquisite saturated pussy.

"God Elaine," I breathed out loud in open admiration of the pussy and lover in front of me as I lowered my mouth to seal directly on the wet lips of her pussy. My tongue eased forward naturally into the musky folds of her sweet nest, her juices coated my tongue and her hands found the back of my head to pull my lips ever more solidly against her pussy. I felt her back arch above me as I slid my hands under her ass to cup her buns as I knew I would need to hold on tight when she orgasmed as she was so hot and eager.

I would love to describe 20 minutes of tender women to women gentle lovemaking; but no, we both had a need for speed. My tongue lapped hungrily and deeply into her wet snatch and Elaine ground her mound into my mouth in desperation to come.

Suddenly my knees were pushed apart on the thick shag pile carpet and then I briefly felt hair brush against my spread thighs as the hostess lay on her back and shuffled upwards between my thighs. Before I fully comprehended what was happening I felt her tongue lace between my pussy lips. This weekend was my first threesome with Richard and Elaine; but now I was experiencing my first all girl threesome with Elaine and the hostess. I didn't even know the name of the woman that was eating me out!!!! But god she was good. Less than a minute later Elaine started to cum on the end of my tongue and at the same instant I felt my ass being lightly probed by the hostess's finger. The changing suite was filled with the sounds of Elaine and I cumming, screaming in our pleasure and saturating probing and lapping tongues with copulant amounts of pussy juice. I just couldn't believe that our bodies had such endurance for so much unrestricted sex in one day.

My senses were so raw that it felt that the hostess's tongue was burning my pussy and no amount of juice was going to cool me down. Her touch and lapping somehow felt different to Elaine's.

"Ladies ..... Time for me," Richard's voice boomed out, "I need to shag this wonderful woman on her back in front of me." We all looked up in surprise at his authorative tone.

"Come on Elaine, off there and make room .... Come on!" he instructed forcefully and Elaine instantly swung her leg over my head and stood up. Richard roughly smacked my ass so that it stung and smarted, "Come on Hayley clear the decks for action.

Before I had even got fully out of the way Richard was lowering the hostess onto her back on the quickly vacated chaise longue. Even before she had caught her breath Richard gripped her fine stocking covered ankles and lifted them high and wide into the air; causing her neat pleated skirt to tumble down around her trim waist exposing an amazing pair of well formed legs and thighs that I just wanted to adore with my fingers and mouth.

"Elaine, please get my trousers open so I can fuck this beauty here and now as a reward for her outstanding client care," he instructed, followed by "Hayley, reach between her legs and get those sweet panties of hers pulled to one side please." I instantly obeyed my boss, rarely having seen this demanding and authorative instruction from him before. "Come on ladies lets get this done as I want to shag this hostess right now this minute."
