 It was one of those boring nights. My friend Sara and I were housesitting her neighbor's house. There wasn't much to do so we invited her friend Jonathon over and asked him to bring some beer with him. 

Sara and I had been playing cards most of the night and had had a couple of glasses of wine by the time Jonathon arrived. Jon was an average looking guy I guess. He was thin, but had a decent body. He was always a lot of fun to hang around with, and he was a guy that probably wouldn't mind getting into either of our pants.

The three of us sat at the kitchen table playing drinking games and laughing. After we had finished most of the beer, Jonathon said, "Hey doesn't this house have a hot tub?" 

"It does," replied Sara. 

"Karen did you bring your bathing suit?" Sara asked me.

"Yes I did," I said joyfully. I had remembered this when Sara had first asked me to come over. 

"Jon, it looks like you're prepared," I said. He was wearing green and brown board-shorts. 

He smiled broadly and said, "I'll open another bottle of wine, why don't you two girls get changed."

I grabbed my overnight bag and followed Sara to the bedroom. Before I could even unzipper my bag Sara was half-naked. She had a red bikini bottom and was trying to tie the back of her bikini top. 

Sara's body was slightly bigger than mine. She, like me, was an athlete during high school so she wasn't fat. Her legs were muscular like mine and her breasts were usually overflowing out of her shirt. She had no problem showing off her body. Since she went away to college though her stomach wasn't as flat as it used to be, but that didn't seem to bother Sara. She had long dirty blonde hair while mine was shorter.

"Karen could you help me tie this thing?" Sara asked. 

The drinking had evidently damaged her hand-eye coordination. I walked over and helped her out. 

"Do you need any help getting into your bikini?" asked Sara. 

"No, I'll be fine. Why don't you meet Jonathon in the hot tub and make sure he's not finishing all of that wine by himself," I said.

As Sara left the room I grabbed my bikini out of my bag and began to get undressed. I've never been one to show off my body, but I have to say I think I have a pretty nice body. Definitely above average. I tied my string bikini top and took a look at myself in the mirror. Maybe it was all the wine I drank, but I felt strangely confident tonight as I looked at myself in the bedroom mirror. 

I walked upstairs to the master bedroom where the hot tub was and found Sara and Jonathon sitting next to each other in the tub, each with a glass of wine. 

"There she is," shouted Jonathon. "Come on in the water perfect!" 

I tested the water with my toes and slowly sank my body into the steaming hot tub. Jonathon quickly put his arm around me and pulled me next to him so that he had one of us on each side of him. 

"Aren't you lucky," I said. "Two beautiful women sitting on either side of you." 

"I'm very lucky indeed," replied Jonathon with a broad smile.

The wine was definitely making me more courageous than ever so I suggested we play "truth or dare." The two of them clinked their wine glasses in agreement. 

"Okay, who goes first," Jon said. 

Sara and I laughed, so Jon said he would. He chose truth. 

"When was the last time you masturbated?" asked Sara quickly. 

"Whoa!" said Jon. 

"Come on you wanted to go first," Sara replied. 

"Okay, okay. Yesterday." 

"Really, how often do you do that?" I asked. 

"No, no, no. It's your turn now. Truth or dare Karen?" 

"Dare," I said. 

"Okay ... take your bikini top off," said Jonathon. 

"Alright. That's easy," I said. 

"No wait. Let Sara take your bikini top off with her teeth," Jon said. 

"Uh ..." I looked at Sara. 

She swallowed down her last bit of wine and said, "That's easy." 

I turned so that Sara could reach my bikini strings. 

"Be gentle," I said smiling. 

I felt Sara's soft full lips lightly touch the skin of my back. My body shuddered a bit as her tongue moved to grab the bikini string. She gently pulled the string and I felt my bikini top loosen. Then I felt her hand move my hair to the side and her lips touched the back of my neck where the bikini was also tied. A charge went through my body as her lips touched my skin and grabbed and pulled the strings at the back of my neck. Slowly my top slipped off my chest and slid into the water. 

"Now that wasn't so bad was it?" said Jon. 

I just smiled. The warm water of the hot tub felt nice on my now bare breasts. 

"Whose turn is it now?" I said. 

Jonathon looked over at Sara, "I believe it's your turn my dear." 

"Well I'm ready for anything, I think I'll take a dare also," Sara said as she turned and looked at us. 

"I think you should have to take off your top now, but Karen will have to do it with her teeth," said Jon with a big smile. 

Sara turned toward me with her wicked smile, "Okay I guess it's your turn now."

She stood up and turned her back to me so that I could begin. I slowly slid over to her. Sara's back was tanned golden brown. I pressed my lips against her spine and grabbed one of the strings with my teeth. I pulled the string slowly and her bikini top loosened. 

"Now the top," Jon directed. 

I had to stand up in the tub to reach where it tied behind her neck. I pushed her long blonde hair to the side and leaned forward to reach my mouth up to her neck. My bare breasts touched the soft skin of her back as my lips took hold of the knot that held up the rest of her bikini. I pulled gently on the knot and watched as her bikini top slid off and released her breasts.

She turned back around, her bare white breasts setting a nice contrast against her tan body. 

I could tell all of this game playing was beginning to turn Sara on because she smiled devilishly and said, "That was nice. Now whose turn is it next?" 

Without missing a beat Jon said, "I think it's mine and I definitely want a dare." 

"I dare you Jon to kiss Sara," I said knowing that this was something they probably both wanted right now. 

Sara smiled and leaned toward Jonathon. She grabbed him by the back of the head and kissed him passionately. 

It must have taken Jon by surprise because his eyes opened wide. 

"Wow! I thought I was going to get a peck on the lips, but that was more than a peck," Jon said. 

"Well I though I owed it to you. After all I think you've wanted that for a long time," said Sara as she leaned forward and gave Jon another kiss. 

Their tongues met and then Sara teasingly pulled away saying, "I don't want to give you too much in one dare."

Not wanting to be left out I said, "I think it's my turn and I want a dare." 

Jon smiled, "have either of you ever had a three-way kiss?" 

"No," Sara and I said in unison. 

"Well, for your dare Karen I dare you to have a three-way kiss with Sara and me," said Jonathon. 

I looked at Sara and she raised her shoulders and sort of smiled as if to say, "why not?" 

I took a swig of my wine and said, "Alright." 

I leaned in toward Jon and Sara. I felt Jon put his arm around my side and Sara placed her hand softly on my shoulder, while my hands gently touched both of their backs. 

The three of us leaned forward in a warm embrace and allowed our tongues and lips to teasingly touch each other's. Sara's lips were so soft and full. They felt so different from anything I had ever felt. 

Almost instinctively the three of us moved closer to each other in the tub as our hands and arms caressed one another. 

I felt Jonathon's hand run down my back, as my hand softly touched his stomach. Sara's hand was brushing the side of my face as mine gently held the small of her back. 

My bare breast was now brushing against Sara's and I could feel myself getting taken away by the moment.

Sara slowly pulled her tongue away and she motioned for us to follow her. She climbed slowly out of the tub and walked over to the bed. 

"I think we'll be more comfortable over here," she said. 

Jon hopped out of the tub and grabbed the bottle of wine. He offered me the last mouthful. I took one last swallow and followed Sara out of the hot tub. 

Before we could even get on the bed Sara had taken off her bikini bottoms. 

"Let me help you out of those wet things," she said to me as Jonathon pulled off his board shorts. 

I stood with my back to the bed as Sara stood in front of me and traced the outline of my breast with her finger. She leaned in and kissed me softly. Her tongue gently touching mine as her finger traced its way down my stomach. 

"I've always wondered about kissing another girl," said Sara. 

"Me too," I breathlessly replied. 

Sara slowly lowered her head to softly kiss my breasts, her tongue teasingly playing with each nipple. Then Sara kneeled before me on the floor and again used her teeth to pull at the strings of my bikini. 

"This is vaguely familiar," I said as her full lips touched my skin. Her teeth grabbed hold of the string and my bikini bottom slowly fell to the floor.

Sara looked up at me and smiled. I couldn't believe what I was doing, but everything she did sent shivers through my body. I was getting so wet and I think Sara knew it. 

"You smell so good and feel so smooth," she whispered into my pussy. 

I felt Sara's lips gently kiss the top of my pussy and I laid myself down on the bed with my legs still open hanging off of the bed. Her tongue then traced from the bottom of my vagina to the top lapping up all of my juices. 

I couldn't help but let out a moan as Sara's tongue lingered and flittered against my clitoris. 

Jonathon was now lying down next to me running his fingers through my hair and gently kissing my neck. 

"Oh Sara," I said as she continued to work her tongue against my clitoris. 

Then I felt her full lips wrap around my clit and it was almost too much for me to take. My hand touched the back of her head and I lifted my hips forcing her mouth even deeper within me. 

"Oh Sara! You're driving me crazy," I whispered as she took two of her fingers and fingered my pussy. 

I could tell that Sara must have practiced this on her own pussy because her fingers expertly found my spot. My back arched and I pushed down harder on her fingers. 

Sara's lips were now wrapped around my clit as her fingers moved in and out of me. Her tongue flicked back and forth over my clit as her lips sucked on it. I could no longer hold back. I screamed and exploded into orgasm, as Sara's tongue lapped up all that I came.

Jon all the while seemed to be enjoying the show. He sat on the bed next to us. The alcohol evidently had extinguished his fire. I lied motionless on the bed for a minute just enjoying the afterglow. 

Sara curled up next to me and I kissed her on the head. This was my best friend and although I wasn't attracted to her I wanted to explore with her what she had just explored with me.

I rolled her body over and passionately kissed her lips. My body straddled hers' as I lay on top of her, our bare breasts softly touching. A shiver ran through my body as I felt my clit rub up against hers and I heard Sara moan as my tongue teasingly played with her earlobe. 

I layed there on top of her just enjoying the touch of her skin on mine. She felt so soft, I had never done anything like this. Sara's aroused clit rubbed against mine and I grinded my pussy against her. Sara moaned again as I rubbed the lips of my pussy against her clitoris. 

"Oh Karen," she moaned. 

Just hearing her say my name got me even more excited. I wanted to send her into ecstasy the way she had done to me. 

I slowly worked my way down her body: gently kissing each breast, then her stomach, until I could see her glistening pussy. It was moist just like mine was and I wondered how it would taste. 

Part of me couldn't believe what I was doing. This was my best friend, but I wanted to do this more than anything – for me and for her. 

I let my tongue gently touch her pussy. She tasted sweet. I layed down on my chest and put her legs over my shoulders and slowly licked the bottom of her pussy, gently tracing her clit with my tongue all the way up until I reached her clit. 

"Oh Karen," she whispered breathlessly. 

I pushed my tongue inside her pussy and she moaned even louder. Just like she had done to me, I used my lips and tongue to play with her clit. 

"Oh my goodness. You feel so good!" she screamed. 

I took my fingers and began to finger her pussy, feeling my two fingers inside her. I was getting so turned on. 

I heard her moan as I pushed deeper and deeper inside her. Just like she had done to me I took my lips and sucked on her clit. 

Sara screamed, "Oh Karen, yes." 

I could feel myself getting wet from what I was doing to her, so I slowly moved my body up along side her as I continued to flick my tongue against her clitoris. 

Without saying a word Sara pulled my legs on top of her and let them straddle her head. She plunged her tongue into my dripping pussy. 

"Oh Sara yes," I moaned. 

There we were in the most amazing sixty-nine. I lapped at her pussy as she pushed her tongue deeper into me. I gently grinded my pussy against her mouth. Rubbing my clit against her lips. 

"Oh Sara!" I couldn't help myself my lips sucked on Sara's clit as my tongue played with it. I could feel myself going over the edge as her tongue flicked back and forth over my clitoris. 

I heard Sara moan and her pussy pushed against my mouth. I felt her body shiver and I could tell that she was as close as I was. With one last plunge of her tongue I came and at the same time Sara's back arched and her pussy contracted, she screamed in ecstasy and I gently licked all that she came with. 

We lied motionless for a few moments as I rolled off of her and cuddled up next to her. 

"That was so amazing," I whispered in her ear.

I laid down with my head on her breast and she wrapped both her arms around me. I looked at her and I couldn't help but want to kiss her.

Our lips gently met and our tongues lingered within each other. On her soft lips and tongue I could taste my juices and it sent shivers through my body. 

"Karen, I need something in me or I'm going to explode," she said as I laid on top of her. 

I could feel both of our wet pussies rub against each other. 

"I have something in my bag. I wasn't sure how much alone time I was going to have while I watched the house so I brought something with me. Could you go get it?" she said as with a look of uncertainty. 

"Sure," I said knowing that what was in the bag was going to be another new experience of me. I got up off the bed and unzipped the bag she had on the floor. I pushed aside some shirts and panties and on the bottom of the bag lay what looked like a dildo. 

I picked it up out of the bag and returned to the bed. 

"Is this what you were talking about?" I said with a smile. 

"Are you okay with this? I've only used it by myself, but as you can see it can satisfy us both," she said. 

I looked at closely. She was right. It had a curve in it at the middle and each end could be used at the same time. 

"I'll try it if you will," I said with a smile. 

Sara took it from me and whispered in my ear, "I'll place it you first and then you can use it to fuck me. 

I spread open my legs and Sara slowly inserted one end of the dildo into my still wet vagina. 

It filled up my pussy and I moaned with desire. 

Sara lied on her back and said, "Now Karen can you fuck me?" 

I kneeled between Sara's open legs and pushed my plastic dick deep inside her pussy. 

"Oh Karen!" she moaned. 

Her legs wrapped around my hips and she raised herself up so that we straddled each other. 

I slowly rocked in and out of her while she fucked it deeper and deeper into me. 

"Oh, my god!" I screamed. 

My body was being stimulated in ways I had never imagined. I pulled her closer to me and her prick drove deeper inside me. 

"Fuck me, fuck me Karen!" she screamed. 

I grabbed her hips and pulled even tighter to me and rocked back and forth, quicker and quicker until I was almost ready to explode. 

Then Sara leaned forward, her body on top of mine with my legs still wrapped around her and our pussies still enjoying our mutual fucking.

She motioned Jonathon to join us, as his now hard cock illustrated that he had finally recovered from the alcohol. 

As Sara and I rhythmically pushed deeper and deeper inside each other, Sara took Jonathon's fingers into her mouth. 

She laid her breast on top of my chest and he kneeled behind her. His fingers slowly pushed inside Sara's ass and I heard Sara moan. 

Then he pushed the tip of his dick into her ass and I felt her push deeper inside of me, fucking me like I wanted her to. 

Jon slowly worked his dick into Sara's ass each push sending her deeper into ecstasy and me along with her. Jon's prick slid in and out of her ass as her dildo pushed in and out of my pussy. 

Each push from Jon sent me into another orbit as Sara fucked me deeper and deeper. Jon's dick was now fucking her ass and with that Sara plastic prick was fucking me. 

"Oh yes Sara, fuck me, fuck me!" I screamed as Jon came with a loud moan and gently pulled out of Sara collapsing on the bed next to us. 

I arched my back taking in all that I could from Sara as she drove her two-headed dildo deeper into both of us. 

"Oh Karen!" she screamed as she collapsed on top of me driving her dildo once more inside of me and pushing me to orgasm. 

She rolled over and the three of us lied there exhausted.

We never had another night like that, but I'm glad the three of us shared that one night together.