 The party was about to start and I was arranging the cups on the table. Once they were set I dropped two ping pong balls in at each end of the table. I handed Jason a few bucks and asked him to run to the corner store and pick up a bag of ice and a pack of smokes.

BEEP BEEP. I looked at the text message from Amanda. "Im on my way. Stopping at the packie. Need anything?" I pushed reply and typed, "Yes. Bag of ice and smokes. Marb milds."

"Jay! Hold on. Amanda and John are going to the package store. I dont need you to run for me."

"Awesome," he replied. Just then, there was a knock on the door. Before I could answer it, Kayla and Brett walked in. Brett handed a 30 pack to Jason and Jay put it in the fridge. 

"Hey babe!" Kayla said giving me a hug and a kiss. Kayla and I had only known each other for two years, but we were more like sisters. We even looked like we could be sisters. It was strange how much we had in common.

We were both aobut 5'4" and definitely what you would call thick. She was flatter about the middle as I had given birth earlier that year. She was blonde with blue eyes and I'm a brunnette with green eyes. Our faces are similarly shaped and when we worked together, despite the obvious differences, our customers often confused us.

"Hows school going?" I asked her and we began catching up while the men were lost in their discussions of work. I heard the gravel crunch and went to look out the window. "Amanda and John are here!" I swung the door open and ran outside. "John!" I shouted, "I havent seen you in forever!" He reached out and pulled me into a big hug.

"Tanya! I missed you, girl!" John said sqeezing me tight. He was on winter break from college up in Maine and I hadn't seem him since August.

"I missed you too," I said as he released me. "Hey Amanda!" I leaned over to give her a kiss on the cheek. "How was last night? Hubba hubba!" I giggled and John blushed and headed toward the house with the ice and other things from the package store. He had just got in last night and stayed with Amanda, his girlfriend. 

All three of us met working at the restaurant the previous summer. Amanda and I were still working there full time and John came to work on his school breaks.

When I walked in, I formally introduced John to Brett and Jason. Everyone else knew everybody. They all seemed to click really well so we began to play beer pong. Well, alcohol pong anyway. The only two drinking beer were Jason and Brett. Everyone else was making their favorite mixed drinks.

At first we started playing with the teams being the couples, because none of the women were any good. Jason and Brett often teamed up for tournamens and John was in college. I remember watching Brett and Jason play one night and Brett could only stand while holding onto Jason but damn if he didnt make every single shot.

We played until everyone had a buzz then we went outside for a smoke, talking and laughing. While we were outside we decided to switch the teams up to try to make it a little more fair. We came back in and play resumed over or kitchen table. I decided we needed some tunes so I brought out the radio and set it to classic rock. It was the only thing we could all agree on.

I sat down next to John, my new teammate, and began catching up. I had forgotten how cute he was. He had his long brown hair pulled back into a ponytail. He stood about 5'9" with the most amazing sky blue eyes and a smile that could light up the whole room. I knew he wasnt fat but I found myself wondering what he looked like under his shirt... and his pants. I felt the heat rise in my face and he didn't seem to notice. Not too soon, it was our turn to play and I tried to turn my attention to the game.

Again I fond myself distracted. Brett was looking good tonight too. Maybe it was the alcohol or maybe it was the fact that Jason had teased me senseless before the party then told me I had to wait til after, but I was finding myself extremely attracted to everyone here.

Brett was a little taller than me, maybe 5'7". He was very attractive but I also knew he had the slightest bit of a beer gut to him. He had brown eyes and very thick brown hair. This week he had shaved his full ZZTop beard and instead had a chin strap. I definitely preferred the chin strap.

Amanda looked super hot today too. She wore her long brown hair down, which I rarely get to see at work. She was about my height with a slightly smaller chest that she made up for in her ass. Despite having three kids she was in great shape.

John and I lost magnificently and we decided it was time to head outside for a smoke. It had started snowing and I started a snowball fight. We played in the snow until we all had numb fingers and decided it was too cold. We headed inside and stood in front of the heater. It was a small heater so we were all fighting for space. Finally I said, "Screw this Im getting in the shower. I'll warm up faster!"

"Me too!"

"Yeah, me too."

The girls and I headed into the bathroom and stripped down while the water was warming up.

"What about us?" Jason shouted through the door.

"There's no room. You guys can share when were done," I answered him. We all giggled and I checked the water. We got in.

I'm not sure but I think I heard something like, "Yeah that'll happen." We were all giggling and fighting for space in front of the shower head to warm up. Pressing into Amanda and Kayla was extremely hot for me. I had been naked with both of them getting ready to go out and whatnot, but actually pressing into them made my pussy start to throb.

Kayla and Amanda were getting hot too. Everytime we shuffled around we started making it a point to brush or nipple across each other. Or grabbing an ass as we walked past. Kayla reached down and slid a finger up my slit on the pretense of making room for Amanda to take her turn in the hot water. I gasped. She smiled at me so I returned the favor on the pretense of adjusting the curtain. I dipped my middle finger into her pussy and felt her warm wetness. She let out a moan. 

Amanda turned around. "You guys can have fun and leave me out of this." We both giggled.

From the other side of the door Brett called, "Whats going on in there?" No one answered and I leaned in and kissed Amanda deep on the lips and began fingering her nipples. Kayla slid her hand up my slit and played with my clit. I spread my legs making an easier access for her. At the same time she spread her legs for Amanda to slide into her. With one hand i reached down and slid a finger into Amanda and she moaned as well. 

She broke our kiss and leaned into Kayla and kissed her deeply. I heard the bathroom door creak open and the boys sneak in. The girls heard nothing as they were both moaning into each other. I began to quicken my pace and then slide my hand out from underneath Amanda. 

I dropped to my knees and licked her pussy lips. She began to moan loudly. I slid my tongue in between her lips and John ripped the curtain back.

"Holy fuck!" he shouted. 

"Yeah baby," Jason said

Brett just sat there opened mouth, staring. We were too engrossed in each other and too turned on to care what the men had to say. I continued to slowly lick Amanda's slit stopping at her clit and teasing it ever so lightly. I reached up and plunged a finger deep into her cunt and slowly started to finger fuck her in time with my tongue.

Kayla leaned over with her ass facing Amanda and began sliding her fingers up and down my slit. I began to moan as Amanda reached out and slid her fingers to Kayla's pussy, flicking her clit and teasing her pussy. The men had finally gotten over their shock and started to relax, drink their beers, and enjoy the show.

Soon, I had Amanda begging to cum. I slid in two more fingers to fill her up and began to pump her harder. I sucked her lips into my mouth and began to work her clit furiously. Kayla slid her tongue into my pussy and began to moan from Amanda's fingering. As I fingered Amanda harder, she fingered Kayla harder, and Kayla fingered me harder. There was a lot of moaning and slurping and finally we all broke into waves of orgasm at almost the same time. Once all three of us had come back down to Earth, we realized that the water was turning colder and colder so we turned off the shower and got out. 

The men grabbed our towels and started to towel us off. All three of them had tented pants and I caught the girls checking out the tents right along with me. Jason leaned over from behind me and started kissing my neck and fingering my nipples, something he knows I can never resist. He whispered into my neck, "Babe, do you feel my fucking dick in your back? The was the hottest fucking thing I've ever seen!"

Once I was dry I decided not to get dressed again saying, "Well you've all seen me naked now, so fuck it!" I left the bathroom to make myself a drink and the girls followed, also naked. The guys trailed behind a little awestruck at our willingness to be naked. I knew I needed more and I was pretty sure the girls did too. But I also love to tease. So I decided to change the rules of the game. 

"Okay guys. Well we're all having fun, right? I'm changing the rules or, rather adding to them. Now we're gonna play 3 on 3. Girls vs. guys. Everytime we make a ball in you guys have to take off an item of clothing."

"What if we get a ball in?" Brett chimed in.

"We will perform a dare from a hat. So just give me a second." The girls and I left the room and found some paper. We tore in into 6 pieces and decided on our dares. Folding each piece as tiny as possible we dropped them into a hat and headed back to the kitchen.

"They better not be lame dares!" John chimed in, "If I have to get naked, I better get some action.

"We think you guys will be quite pleased with these dares," Kayla said, smiling coyly, "We get to go first."

We each grabbed a ping pong ball and tossed it. Amanda's was the only to make it in. "Loose the shirts, guys!"

It was the guys turn. Brett's made it in. "Okay ladies...," he reached into the hat, "You guys have to give us a 2 minute lap dance." 

They pulled up their chairs and I changed the station on the radio to a hip hop station, so we had some music. Kayla set the timer on her phone for two minutes, and when we were ready she hit start. We did our best to tease the boys, grinding into them hard. We brought our tits to their faces, just out of reach for them to lick and suck, then the timer went off. We hopped up and noticed the boy's pants were tented again.

I grabbed the ping pong balls off the table and we tossed them. My ball and Kayla's ball went in. We conferred and decided shoes and socks had to go. They took them off, eager to have their turn and get another dare. They tossed and two went in again. Jason reached into the hat and said, "You have to masturbate for us."

I went into the bedroom and grabbed the comforter and 3 vibrators from our "toy box". I layed the blanket out on the hardwood floor and offered the girls their choice. Amanda hadn't had much experiece with toys so she picked the 6 inch blue classic vibrator. Kayla had a collection at home like mine and she chose the oscillating clit stimulator. I ended up with my favorite... the purple rabbit. We got ourselves comfortable and spread our legs. The only sound at first was the hum of the toys. Soon we heard the guys encouraging us.

"Jesus, this is fucking hot," came from John.

"Damn, look at them go. Yeah baby fuck that toy!" was from Brett.

Jason who loved to watch me masturbate said to me, "Turn the spinner on high babe. I wanna watch you cum hard!"

I did and we all began moaning while fucking ourselves nicely. I leaned over to kiss Kayla who was ready to cum. She moaned into my mouth and attacked my tongue with hers. This sent me over the edge and I leaned over to Amanda and shoved my tongue into her mouth while bucking on my toy and moaning. She went over the edge and broke the kiss to spit out a string of dirty talk right at John.

"You fukcing love watching me cum, don't you. You want your cock buried deep in my pussy, don't you? Oh fuck! This feels so good! You love knowing these other men are watching me too, don't you?"

Her orgasm subsided and we sat up, waiting for our next dare. It was John's turn to pull a dare and he said, "You have to make out with someone who is not your boyfriend while we are blindfolded." I, again, went into the bedroom and grabbed three of the scarves that Jason uses to tie me up and handed them out to the ladies. They went to their men and tied them tightly around their eyes. Silently we shuffled around and changed partners.

I sat on Brett's lap, straddling his legs. Amanda did the same to Jason, while Kayla sat on John. Again Kayla set her timer for two minutes. Sitting on Brett's lap, I leaned in and licked his lips. I sucked one lip into my mouth and tongued it while slowly grinding into his crotch. I released his lip and slipped my tongue into his mouth, exploring it and massaging his tongue with mine. He began to run his hands up and down my back and I felt his dick getting harder, straining against his jeans. I ran my fingers through his hair. I felt, more than heard, a small moan escape his throat and I began to tug on his hair. He pushed his tongue into my mouth and began to take over just as the timer went off. I hopped up and so did the girls. I saw a wet spot on his jeans and I wasn't sure if it was from me or him or both. I headed over to Jason to untie his blindfold and as I was doing so I noticed that he had a similar wet spot.

Kayla made it to the table first and picked up the balls. We tossed and I got the only ball in. "Okay boys, take those belts off." They obliged and quickly took their turn. They all missed. We took our turn and Amanda made one.

"I want those pants off," she said.

The boys stripped down and took their turn. Two balls made it in. Brett pulled his dare out of the hat. "Sit on our faces." The boys laid down on the same blanket we had masturbated on and we followed, sitting on their faces. Slurping sounds and moans were all you could hear in that kitchen. Jason was determined to make me cum fast and hard. He was already working his fingers into my pussy while lashing at my clit just the way I like it. He bent his fingers inside me to hit my g-spot just right. He had me getting there very quickly. I started to feel that feeling low in my cunt and knew I was about to bathe him in my juices. I came and squirted all over his face and chest. It was running down onto the blanket and still coming. I was grinding into his face and cumming hard. "Fuck baby! Oh my God! Fuck!" The sound of me cumming so hard sent the other girls over. Kayla went into a screaming orgasm and Amanda was a constant stream of "Fuck fuck fuck fuck." We took our time recovering, knowing our guys loved to eat pussy, so they would keep licking us as long as we wanted. When we finally rolled off of the guys, John stood up and reached into the hat. 

"Hell yeah! You guys have to give us 2 minute blow jobs! Hey wait! Why do all the ones where we get pleasure have time limits, but you guys get as long as you want?"

"Cuz those are the rules. Duh! Why do you think we're having so much fun?" Jason started to pull down his boxers and I looked at him and said, "If you take them off you forfeit the match and you dont get to find out what the last dare is."

"Will I be able to handle another dare?" he asked and pulled his shorts up. They guys sat down in the chairs and we knelt in front of them. I pulled Jason's raging cock out of his shorts and looked at him. 

"Do you want me to make you cum? Or should I just tease you some more?" Kayla was still fiddling with the timer on her phone.

"Please baby make me cum. I'm so turned on it's starting to hurt."

"Ready. Go." Kayla called as she started the timer. I wasted no time and pulled Jason's cock into my mouth. I began to suck hard and tongue his sensitive head. I wrapped my hand around his thick shaft and kept my mouth right behind it. I bobbed up and down, alternating hard sucks with softer ones. My other hand went to his balls and began to roll them around between my fingers. I tugged on them gently and he moaned. The other guys were enjoying their cocks being sucked too. I glanced around and saw heads thrown back in ecstasy.

"Oh fuck baby, I'm gonna cum." I pulled him from my mouth and pumped his cock with my fist furiously. Soon his cum was landing on my face. I closed my eyes as one rope hit my eyebrow. The timer went off as his last ropes were falling. I looked around and it appeared that the other guys had cum too. I went to the sink and wet three paper towels and handed them out to the girls. We cleaned up as we got ready to take our turns.

We grabbed our balls and tossed. I'm not sure which, but one went in. "Ok boys, get naked." I said. And they stripped down. I looked over at the buffet of cock in front of us. They were all getting stiff again already. I smiled. Jason's cock when fully hard was 8" long and 5 1/2" around. His black dick was uncut and his foreskin was long enough to cover his entire shiny purple head. John was cut and about 6 1/2 inches long and probably 4" around. He also had a slight upward curve to his. Brett's was about 7" long and probably 6" around. My pussy was tingling. 

I tried to distract myself by making everyone a fresh drink. In the process Jason came up behind me and slid one finger into my soaked pussy and said, "I wanna fuck you now. And I want everyone else to watch while they fuck too."

He grabbed my hand and led me to the bedroom. I grabbed a hold of Brett's cock and led him beind me. He grabbed Kayla and Kayla grabbed John, and John grabbed Amanda, and we all headed into our bedroom. Jason pushed me down on the bed and began to attack my pussy with his tongue. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensations as I heard everyone else around me follow his lead. He was working my cunt really good when he asked me to turn over. I did and shook my ass at him, inviting him in.

I looked around and Kayla was on her back while Brett was eating her. I reached out and drew her nipple into my mouth. She let out a long deep moan and Brett looked up and saw what I was doing and smiled at Jason then went back to Kayla's pussy. Jason moved down and continued licking my juicy lotus until I was ready to cum. 

He quickly drove his cock deep into my pussy. He held it deep while we moaned and I adjusted to having him there. "This is what I've been waiting for all night."

John was pumping Amanda and she was telling him, "Get that fucking cock in me. Fuck me hard. Are you enjoying watching them fuck right next to us? You wanna feel your cock in another cunt dont you? Whose pussy do you wanna feel next? Huh?"

"I wanna feel Tanya's cunt. You wanna watch me fuck Tanya while you fuck Jason? Would you like that? You dirty little whore."

John looked up at Jason and asked, "Do you wanna feel her wet little cunt?"

"Hell yeah!"

They switched, Jason tasted Amanda's pussy and John came over to plunge his fingers into me. "You're a tight little slut aren't you?"

"Yeah," I answered, "Put your cock into me and make me cum!" He slipped his head into my pussy and teased me going in oh....so....slow...ly and pulling back. In and out. In and out. Just barely going past the last point. I wrapped my legs around his ass and drove him into me. 

"Oh, so you like it fast and hard, do you?"

"Yes I do. Now fuck me!" He began fucking me hard. He roughly grabbed my legs and pulled them up to his shoulders. Leaning on his hands, he drove into me harder and harder. I felt his balls slapping my ass and it drove me over the edge. "Oh fuck fuck fuck. Yeahbaby. Fuck me. How's my fucking pussy feel?"

"Jesus, it's so fucking tight. You like to be fucked like a slut, don't you?" I couldn't help it. What he was saying made another wave of orgasm come right behind the first. I covered his dick and balls when I squirted. "Holy fucking shit!" It was the first time he had ever made a girl squirt before. It sent him over the edge to be covered in my juices. "Oh yeah. You want me to cum in your tight little cunt? I'm fucking cumming! Oh fuck!"
