 Before starting the 3rd part, I give below the last few lines of the 2nd part. 

The following weekend, Sarit and I visited our sisters. I told them what daddy had said. 'Congratulations,' Madhu didi said embracing me, 'Why so morose, you should be happy that you will have a man all to yourself'. 

'In a way I am happy,' I replied, 'but what worries me is what will happen if he finds out that I am not a virgin'. 

'Yes, that could become a real big problem,' Rashmi didi said shaking her head. 

'Is there a way...? Oh jiju this is all because of you, please help me,' I cried in desperation. 

'Adi, I am sorry, I can't return your virginity to you but I promise we will try to come up with something to help you,' jiju replied. 

'God, what shall I do? Best is that I don't marry at all,' I said crying. 

'Don't be stupid. Adi, this way you will make everyone suspicious,' Madhu didi advised, 'Someday you have to marry someone, I suggest if you like the boy say yes and marry him. I have read that the hymen can tear in many other ways also'.

'Yes she is right. In the meanwhile, as Mohan has said, we will try to find a way to help you,' Rashmi didi said, 'now smile and enjoy yourself. Both Mohan and Abhi are raring to go'. 

Now the third part:

Before I proceed any further with my story, let me tell you about marriages in our society. 

We have different types of marriages. Child marriage (though banned but it is still prevalent), forced marriage, run away marriage (elopement), love marriage, shotgun marriage, inter caste/inter religion marriage and arranged marriage. 

It is said that the marriages are made in heaven but in our society, it is the responsibility of the parents to marry off their children. Maybe, this is because we are so many that poor God does not have the time to do it. 

Mine being an arranged marriage, we will discuss it in more detail. The normal modus operandi is that the parents 'arrange' that the boy and girl, to be married, meet and "get to know each other". For this they are allowed fifteen minutes, thirty minutes or an hour max. 

If they say yes, then they are married and thrown into the same bed. On the wedding night the bridegroom fucks the bride. What really happens is that they "get to know each other" only after the first night. By morning, it is too late for them (especially for the woman) to retrace their steps and per force have to do their best to make the marriage work.

Many will find this system unthinkable, but let me tell you that for centuries this system has been successful in 99.9999 percent or more cases. Till recently, the word "divorce" was not to be found in our local dictionary. This the price we had to pay to for taking up the ways of the western world.

Back to the subject. This meeting can take place at the girl's home with only a few near relatives, the boy and his parents being present. Or they can meet in a big party, naturally hosted by the girl's parents (The boys parents first fuck the girls parents, financially of course and then the boy fucks the girl in the real sense of the word "fuck"). They can also meet in a restaurant or in the lobby of a five-star hotel or in the house of a common friend. My father chose to give a big party. 

'Why a big party? It is so expensive,' mummy complained, 'Why not just a small intimate gathering?' 

'Seema, in a party the children will be able to interact in an informal atmosphere, away from the watchful and impatient gaze of their parents,' daddy replied, 'besides, I need to invite many of my business associates and personal friends. I will be killing two birds with one stone. Don't worry about the expense. In the end it will work out to be cheaper'. 

There was a big discussion as to what I should wear. My mummy wanted me to wear a heavy silk sari with a diamond necklace, matching earrings and a solitaire ring but I insisted that I would like to wear something light in which I am comfortable. 

'She would look so underdressed,' mummy complained to daddy. 

'Let her wear what she wants. Seema, the younger generation does not like to dress up like we did,' daddy explained and consoled her by adding, 'You can dress her up as you like when she gets married'. 

So I ended up wearing a light silk sari, a pearl string with earrings and a single pearl ring. 

Please don't misjudge my mummy. She is nice and loves me very much. Her problem is that she is a bit orthodox. She hates wasteful expenditure and detests big parties. 

The party was on the lawns of our house. About a hundred guests were expected. I wanted to invite Sarit and few more friends but my father shot it down. 

'No,' he decreed, 'Aditi this is not the right occasion to call your friends'. 

I understood his concern. What if the boy likes one of my friends and not me? 

'But daddy, I must have someone to talk to,' I pleaded. 

After a lot of discussion, we arrived at a compromise, just Sarit and no one else. 

On the night of the party Sarit and I sat on the verandah (Did I tell you that the verandah was two feet higher than the level of the lawn). I positioned my chair such that I could watch the entrance and also have an overview of the guests 

The guests started to arrive. I knew or had seen most of the guests who arrived. A young man, who could be Amit, did not accompany the ones I didn't recognize. Half an hour into the party, I espied a group of four, two men accompanied by a lady and a young man, arrive. They are the ones I concluded. Both the older men bore a remarkable resemblance to each other and were apparently brothers. Daddy and mummy greeted them warmly. 

Ten minutes later, daddy escorted the young man to where we were sitting. He was tall, slim and was dressed in a dark suit with a yellow power tie. Mummy was right, he was very handsome. Seeing them coming towards us Sarit gasped, 'Wow! Adi, he is groovy'. 

'Aditi, this is Amit,' daddy said introducing the young man. After exchanging the usual greetings, I invited him to join us and introduced Sarit to him. After few minutes daddy said, 'You youngsters get to know each other but excuse me, as I have other guests to look after,' and hurried off. 

Amit spent about half an hour with us, discussing different subjects before he also excused himself. 

'Adi, you are very lucky, he is sooo handsome,' Sarit sighed. 

I barely heard her as my eyes followed Amit. Amit went straight to his father and taking him aside said something to him. Mr. Rudra looked shocked. An animated discussion, more of an argument I would say, followed. Mrs. Rudra also joined them. It was mostly one-sided affair. Most of the time Mr. and Mrs. Rudra spoke. Amit would listen to them and then shake his head. Mr. and Mrs. Rudra would start to talk again but with the same result. Suddenly Mr. Rudra threw up his hands in "do as you please gesture" and Amit walked off. 

Catching daddy's eye, Mr. Rudra beckoned to him. Both mummy and daddy joined them. Mr. Rudra said something to my daddy. Daddy's shoulders slumped. Mummy dabbed at her eyes with her handkerchief, a sure sign that she was about to cry. 

So, Amit did not like me. 'Mummy, please don't cry. It is no big deal,' my heart cried out to her, 'There are thousands of other and better fishes in the pond'. 

I tried to locate Amit but could not spot him. When I glanced towards the group again, I saw that Sarit's parents had also joined them. Omigosh, this was fast turning into a meeting of the UN General Assembly. Only person missing was Amit's uncle. Oh, oh, I think I spoke too soon. There he comes too.

Daddy was speaking to Sarit's parents but both of them were shaking their heads vigorously. The uncle had joined them. Mr. Rudra spoke to him. He smiled broadly and said something to them. Whatever he said put the smiles back on everybody's face. 

Daddy looked happy and mummy stopped dabbing at her eyes. Sarit's parents nodded in approval. Walking away from the group, Mr. Rudra and his brother whipped out their cell phones and the group broke up. 

All what I have described above did not take more than ten or fifteen minutes. 

'Adi, are you listening to me or are you already dreaming about Amit?' Sarit said nudging me. 

'How can I, with you chattering away in my ear?' I replied going on the offensive. 

Sarit was not to be stopped. She continued to praise Amit to high heaven. Her unceasing chatter started to irritate me. 'Sarit, If you like him so much then why don't you marry him?' I said rudely. 

'Given half a chance, I would,' Sarit giggled shamelessly. 

Half an hour later, dinner was served. Sarit and I went to look after the guests. 

'Adi, look who is here?' Sarit grinned, poking her finger into my ribs. I saw Amit making a beeline for us. 

'Is he some kind of a nut?' I thought because he had changed his clothes. He was now dressed in a smart denim shirt and jeans. Coming up to us he said, 'Hi Aditi, I am...'. 

'We know who you are,' Sarit interrupted him. 

'You do, but unfortunately I have not had the pleasure of meeting you before,' Amit said smiling disarmingly. 

'Omigosh, he is a nut with a very short memory,' I thought amending my earlier impression. 

'This is Sarit, my friend,' I said, introducing Sarit again. 

'So you are Sarit,' Amit said inspecting her from head to toe. 

'Yes, I am Sarit from top to bottom,' Sarit replied aggressively. 

'And quite lot of you too!' Amit laughed staring at her oversized bosom. Poor Sarit could not do anything except blush. 

'Sorry, I did not mean to embarrass you,' he apologized good-naturedly. 

'Never mind, I am used to it,' Sarit brushing aside his apology and joined in our conversation. 

Amit was a transformed man. Earlier in the evening, he was stiff and formal but now, with change of clothes his manner had also undergone a sea change. He was now relaxed and informal. For the first time, I felt at ease in his presence. 

Suddenly remembering my duties as the hostess, I asked, 'Have you eaten?' 

'No, but I am going to,' he replied, 'What do you recommend?' 

'Everything is very tasty,' Sarit piped up, then tongue firmly in the cheek added, 'Don't forget to check out the Kheer (a dessert, usually made of milk, rice, sugar and dry fruits), our Adi stirred it a couple of times while it cooked'. 

'Is that so? Then I must taste it right away,' Amit said and walked off to get some. He returned with a big bowl of Kheer. 

'B..But that is for dessert, shouldn't you eat dinner first?' I asked seeing the bowl of Kheer in his hands. 

'Don't worry, I love Kheer. It is my favorite dessert. I will eat dinner after I have finished this delicious Kheer' Amit replied. 

'I hope it is sweet enough?' Sarit asked mischievously. 

'No, not as sweet as your friend here,' Amit replied looking at me with a naughty twinkle in his eyes. It was now my turn to blush. 

Later, we were so engrossed in our conversation that we did not realize how late it was, till Mrs. Rudra said, 'Come son, it is time to go home'. The Rudra's were among the last guests to leave. 

That night I did not sleep well. I kept churning the events of the evening in my mind over and over again. 

'Adi, what have you decided?' mummy asked me at breakfast the next morning. 

'It is an important decision,' daddy said, 'Seema give her time'. 

'It's all right daddy. I have given the matter a great deal of thought but I am very confused. I don't know what to think,' I replied, 'In the evening Amit was stiff and formal but later he was relaxed and made me feel at ease. It was like meeting two different persons'. 

'Adi, they were two different persons,' mummy said. 

'Mummy, please don't make fun of me. I am confused enough,' I said. 

'I think she really doesn't know,' mummy said to daddy. 

'You mean Shamit didn't tell you?' daddy exclaimed. 

'Daddy for God's sake stop talking in riddles,' I replied, 'Now who is this Shamit?' 

'Shamit is Amit's twin brother. They are both identical twins,' daddy explained, 'Wait! Let me tell you what happened last evening. After Amit talked to you, he told his father that he wanted to marry Sarita (remember my father always used full names) and not you. They tried to persuade him but he would not relent'. 

'Mr. Rudra was very apologetic about the whole affair,' daddy continued, 'I requested Romesh (Sarit's father) to accept Amit's decision and marry Sarita to him but Romesh and Lila said, 'No Ravi, please don't insist. You know, we can't think of Sarit's marriage till Adi is fixed up'. 

'We did not know what to do till Amit's uncle reminded Mr. Rudra about Shamit, Amit's twin. In all the excitement Mr. Rudra had forgotten about Shamit. They then asked Shamit to come. The person you talked to at dinner was Shamit and not Amit'.

'Why didn't you tell me about this earlier?' I asked getting annoyed. 

'Because we ourselves did not know and later we assumed that Shamit must have told you,' daddy replied. 

Thinking back I realized that Shamit did try to introduce himself but Sarit had interrupted him saying that we knew who he was. He must have taken for granted that my parents had told me. This also explained the change of clothes and his not recognizing Sarit. 

'This explains a lot of things that had puzzled me,' I replied. 

'Aditi, what is your decision now? Did you like Shamit?' daddy asked, 'From the way you spoke of him earlier I got the impression that you did'. 

'I will do what you say,' I replied blushing. 

'No Aditi, not what I say,' daddy said, 'It is a very important decision and you have to decide whether you want to marry Shamit or not. What is your answer yes or no?' 

'Yes,' I said softly lowering my eyes.

'Good girl. You have made your mummy and me very happy,' daddy said, 'like Amit, Shamit is also a good boy and I am sure you will be happy with him. Now I must convey the good news to Romesh'. 

Daddy phoned him. I could hear only his side of the conversation. 'Romesh, it is me Ravi. I have talked to Aditi and she has said yes'. 'Yes, yes to Shamit who else'. 'Thank you, now you talk to Sarita about Amit'. 'Okay, I am waiting for your call,' he said and rang off. 

An hour later Romesh uncle called back. 'That is good news. Our congratulations to Lila and you'. 'You have? What did he say?' 'It is yes from their side also'. 'Good that suits me too'. 'Okay, we will discuss the details when we meet this evening'. 'Bye,' daddy said replacing the receiver. 

'Aditi, Sarit has also said yes. Romesh has also talked to Mr. Rudra and it is yes from their side also. They are keen for an early marriage, which suits us too,' daddy said to me. 

Later I was told that it would be a double wedding and it will be solemnized on the tenth day after Holi at Sarit's house. 

That evening I went to see Sarit. 'Hi Sarit, I hear someone is getting married,' I grinned. 

'I have also heard that someone else is also getting married,' Sarit giggled. 

We both laughed and embraced each other. 'Oh Sarit I am so happy,' I said happily. 

'So am I,' Sarit replied beaming with happiness, 'Do you realize that even after marriage we will remain together?' 

A week later I went out on my first date with Shamit. We took in a movie and then decided to eat dinner. During dinner Shamit asked, 'Adi, I hope you are happy. About our getting married I mean'. 

This was my opportunity to find out why Amit chose Sarit. Therefore instead of replying, I posed a question, 'Are you happy to marry someone who was rejected?' 

'Rejected? Who says...oh you mean Amit. Don't take that seriously. Sometimes Amit acts very childishly,' Shamit replied, 'Let me tell you what happened. When papa asked me to come to your house immediately, I knew something was wrong. I also knew that Amit was supposed to go there and why. So I rang up Amit'. 

'Amit said that you were very nice and he liked you but he preferred Sarit. He urged me to go saying, "Shamit you'll like her. She is just your type". On my inquiry why he liked Sarit more he just laughed and said you will know when you see her'.

He was right. As soon as I laid eyes on Sarit I knew. You see Amit is very enamoured by ...er...how shall I put it...yes...with women with lots of oomph and Sarit is a world champion in this department. You know what I mean?' 

I nodded.

'Well, to be completely frank, the moment Amit saw Sarit's loaded upper deck, you stood no chance with him' Shamit concluded . 

'And what about you?' I asked. 

'Me? I don't give much importance to physical attributes. I found you pretty and a very nice person to talk to, so I said yes,' Shamit grinned, 'now tell me are you happy?' 

'Of course I am happy,' I replied, 'I was just joking'. 

The first thing I did the next morning was to visit Sarit. She was still in bed reading. I grabbed her boobs and pressed them hard. 

'AOWA! Stop squeezing my tits it hurts besides you will make me horny,' Sarit squealed. 

Then I told her what Shamit had said. 

'Thank God these big mountains have at last done me a favor. Actually I had come to hate them. Everybody stares at them and passes snide remarks but now that they have helped me get a nice husband, I love them,' Sarit said caressing her boobs lovingly. The result was, we both landed in the shower. 

After that day we always double dated. Shamit and Amit looked so alike that it was difficult to tell them apart, especially when they wore similar clothes, which they usually did. To be on the safe side I made it a point to latch on to the one who came to pick me up and prayed that he was the right one. 

One morning after a very confusing date the previous evening I said, 'Sarit what will you do if the wrong one comes to your bed?' 

'If I don't know that he is the wrong one then I will welcome him with open arms and legs,' she replied, 'and you?' 

'Me too,' I laughed, 'now suppose your intuition told you that he was the wrong one?' 

'You know, I never could trust my intuition. I will let him fuck me feigning ignorance,' Sarit giggled, 'What about you? You are a great one to follow your instincts'.

'In this case I think, I will ignore my intuition,' I laughed, 'I find a change of cock very exciting'. 

'Oh, how I wish it happens. It will be just like jijaji and jiju fucking us together,' Sarit said. 

'They are very close to each other, who knows our dream might come true,' I giggled. 

The M-day was fast approaching. We all shifted to Sarit's house a week before the wedding day. Madhu didi and Rashmi didi came much earlier but jjiju and jijaji arrived only three days before the event. 

The morning after their arrival all four of them came to Sarit's room. 'How are the brides to be feeling?' jiju asked. 

'Nervous as hell,' I replied. 

'Jiju, did you find a solution to Adi's problem? Now it is my problem too,' Sarit asked. 

'I am afraid nothing useful,' jiju replied. 

'Then what shall we do?' I asked perplexed. 

'Only thing I can suggest is, act like virgins about to have sex for the first time,' Madhu didi replied. 

'Yes, bashful and timid. Protest but not too much and leave the rest to The Almighty and to your husband's cock,' Rashmi didi added with a naughty smile. 

'One more thing when the cock is about to enter your choot then press your buttock cheeks together, it might give a semblance of resistance,' jijaji suggested. 

'This is how I see it. There are only three possibilities,' jiju analyzed, 'First, if it is your husband's first time then he will be so eager to get inside you that he will not notice anything amiss. Second, if he is experienced but has never deflowered a girl then also it is possible he might not notice the absence of your hymen. Third, if he is experienced and has deflowered a virgin or two before then only thing you can do is to pray and hope for the best'. 
