 I was sitting there thinking, "Holy shit this girl can suck some cock!"

I then glanced down at the beautiful brunette who had her rosy red lips wrapped around the shaft of my cock.

The streetlight just outside the car was casting a dim almost romantic glow inside the car.

I had my seat reclined back as far as it would go which was nearly in a horizontal position. The girl sucking my cock was a complete stranger to me. She was just the first of hopefully many who would visit my car tonight.

I reached down to fondle what appeared through her sweater to be a very nice firm tit. I was right. Her tit was firm and full; her nipple was hard so I let my fingers gently roll it between them, which caused her to moan on the head of my cock.

She then stopped sucking my cock, rose up as she reached for the hem of her sweater, and pulled it over her head. Her tits bounded into my sight as her pale white skin glowed in the dim light. I reached out both hands and filled them with her soft and supple skin. I then let my fingers slightly pinch the hard nubs of her nipples.

"Mmmmmmmmm" She softly moaned.

She moved her hand under her short skirt and began fingering her pussy. I could hear her fingers massaging her very wet clit as she rolled her head back and looked toward the sky through the sunroof.

The scent of her juices began to fill the interior of the car. 

My hard cock was protruding through the fly in my jeans and was bouncing with anticipation at this beauties wet pussy slipping over it.

"Oh fuck." She murmured softly as her fingers deftly brought her to an orgasm. Her body jerked with spasms as she moaned softly.

She looked at me with a wild-eyed look and reached next to her to get into her purse. She pulled a condom from there and peeled it open using her teeth.

She slipped the condom from its wrapper and brought it to my cock. She quickly rolled it down the shaft of my hard penis.

When she was done, she began to swing a leg onto the edge of the seat beside me. Facing me with her full tits hanging in my face she grabbed my cock and guided it toward her pussy.

We simultaneously moaned as my cock slipped into her pussy. 

Her pussy felt like a vise squeezing my cock as she sat fully on me. She leaned toward me letting her tits hang in my face so I sucked one of her nipples into my mouth.

She placed her hands on my shoulders as she began slowly rising up and down on my cock. Her skin smelled wonderful and the scent of her expensive perfume filled my nostrils as I continued to suck on her nipples. I alternated back and forth applying equal and ample time to both.

She sat back up on my cock letting her vaginal muscles ripple across my shaft. I placed my hands beneath her skirt to grab hold of her smooth hips.

Her tits were undulating up and down with each of her slow and deliberate thrusts.

The smell of expensive perfume was slowly dissipating as the smell of sex was taking its place.

I let one of my hands migrate toward her pussy and feel it as my cock spread her lips wide exposing her hard clit. I let my thumb massage her hard little nub as she moaned.

She kept pulling herself on and off my cock and quickly her pussy tightened its grip on me.

I knew she was ready to explode again.

"Ohhhhh fuck yessssssss." She moaned as her body stiffened with her impending orgasm.

She suddenly convulsed as her orgasm took over and raged through her body.

She then was done fucking slowly as she began to move up and down on me wanting it hard and fast. I moved my hands to her hips again, just simply trying to hang onto this wild creature.

Her tits were now bouncing up and down as she fucked me with wild abandon.

I quickly could feel my balls tighten and my cock expand.

She also felt it as she said, "Oh yes cum for me."

"OH MY GAWD!" I yelled excessively loudly as the cum raced from my balls and up my shaft.

I exploded with a brut force into the condom. I felt the warm fluid of my cum enveloping my shaft as load after load expelled itself from deep inside my body.

After my orgasm, I laid against the seat breathing heavily as she was from our wild tantric sex.

As we caught our breath, she slipped off my body and reached for her sweater. She slipped it back over her head as I watched those magnificent tits disappear.

She straightened her skirt and leaned over to kiss me on the cheek.

"Thank-You for a great fuck." She said as she reached for the door handle and opened the door.

The dome light came on and I again admired her beauty. She slipped out of the car and closed the door as I watched her disappear into the night probably headed for her next car and her next fuck.

I looked at my now flaccid cock and pulled the condom off. I placed the cum filled condom in a trash bag I bring for just this occasion. I then took out the package of handy wipes I keep in the glove box and used one to clean off my cock.

I looked out the window as I tucked my cock back into my jeans. There were people milling about in the darkness. You would occasionally see a dome light come on in a car and then quickly go out as the door was shut.

I had been coming to this local event now for six months. It is scheduled on the third Saturday of each month at the same place. It is a private facility in the country. The person who owns the property puts it on and it seems to have grown in even the last six months. It was hard to tell how many cars were parked in the vast darkness of the huge area but it appeared to have many participants tonight.

I had arrived about an hour ago and placed the white flag on my antenna. The white flag meant that you were strictly looking for women. If you had a dark colored flag on your antenna, you were either homosexual or bi-sexual.

It kept the confusion down and nobody bothered you but who you wanted to. It was also acceptable to turn down a prospective partner if you were not into them.

Suddenly the passenger side door opened and a beautiful blonde got into my car.

She was wearing a short skirt, which seemed to be common for ease of access. She was also wearing a skintight sweater that did nothing to hide the fact that her tits were fabulous and her nipples were rock hard. 

"Hello." She said.

I responded with "Hello."

"Would you like to have a little fun with me?" She asked.

"Yes I would." I responded.

"There is just one thing. My husband likes to watch. Would you mind if we got in the backseat so he can sit in the front and watch us?" She asked.

"Well, I have never had that request before but I guess to each his or her own. Sure why not." I replied.

"Good." She replied as she again opened the door. 

I opened my door and slid out of the seat. Her husband was a meek looking fellow and not at all, what I would have pictured her husband looking like.

She opened the back door and slid into the seat behind the passenger seat, while her husband got in the front. I also opened the back door and got into the back seat next to this blonde goddess.

I looked at her again in the light radiating into the cars interior. I could actually see her better in the back seat as there was more light.

She scooted over in the seat so she was next to me and we kissed. I have to admit I was more than a little self conscious as I kissed her while her husband was turned in the front seat facing us.

She then quickly started in by unbuttoning my shirt. She opened it and began sucking on my right nipple. I placed my hand on her head and tried not to pay attention to her husband watching each move. Her hand suddenly was on the outside of my jeans rubbing my cock.

I could smell her hair just under my face. It smelled of fresh strawberries.

The combination of sucking my nipple and rubbing my cock was overpowering as my cock was hardening fast in my jeans. 

She then unzipped my fly and fished my cock from inside.

She stopped sucking my nipple and said, "Wow, you have a nice cock. This is going to be fun."

She then let her head fall to my lap. I felt the warmth of her breath just before I felt the wetness of her mouth as her lips wrapped around my cock.

I tried hard to avoid looking at her husband who was peering over the seat to watch as his wife sucked my cock. However, when she swallowed my cock down her throat and I could feel her lips resting against my scrotum I had to groan with pleasure. I looked at her husband who had a grin on his face. He knew the significant pleasure this was causing me.

I had to get my hands on her bountiful breasts so I worked a hand under her and more than filled my hand with her supple breast. Her nipple and areola was hard and puckered from excitement.

She rose from my lap leaving my hard cock jerking with spasms from her deep throat technique. 

She reached for her sweater hem and pulled it over her head and over her golden tresses. 

"Damn" I mumbled as her breasts came into sight. The lighting lit them up and they glowed. They were absolutely magnificent. The set firm and high on her chest with light pink areola. Her nipples were nearly half an inch long.

She grabbed them with her little hands, squeezed them together, and asked, "Would you like to suck on them?"

"Oh hell yes." I muttered.

She leaned to me and me to her as I opened my mouth and let that hard, long nipple slip into my mouth. I sucked hard on one and she moaned.

To my astonishment, her nipple actually got harder and longer. I let it roll on my tongue and licked all the way around it before letting it slip from my mouth and suck on the other tempting morsel.

I reached out and held both of them in my hands as I sucked on her left nipple. I then squeezed them together until her nipples were touching and sucked both of them into my mouth at the same time. I rolled my tongue around both of them and sucked hard on them.

"OHHHHHH YESSSSSS!" She moaned.

Her skin also smelled of an expensive perfume and I took a deep breath to let the scent permeate my sinuses. The scent was like a pheromone that was making my cock jerk with anticipation of sinking deep inside her pussy.

She leaned further into me and smothered me with her tits.

I felt her hand as it wrapped around my cock and began stroking it with a firm grip.

She pulled away from my mouth and there was an audible "pop" as her nipples left my sucking mouth.

"Fuck me." She said as she turned to get on all fours in the back seat.

I reached for a condom to sheath my cock and slipped it on. 

She then said, "Sorry about the position but my husband likes to see your cock sliding in and out of my pussy."

I maneuvered into position huddled over her and guided my cock to her pussy.

I easily slipped into her wet pussy with a squishing sound. I sunk deep into her.

"OHHHHH MY GAWD!" She groaned.

I pulled out and then sunk fully into her again.

Her husband was right there watching me fuck his wife. I looked down to see what he was looking at. My cock was glistening with his wife's juices as it plunged in and out of her pussy.

I decided that if that is what turned on the man then why not make a show of fucking his beautiful wife.

I slowed my pace and let my cock slowly slide in and out of her. If he wanted to see his wife fucked by another man, he was getting the full show and enjoyment of watching.

I could not see on the other side of the front seat but it was apparent from his motions that he was stroking his cock.

I grabbed her smooth white hips and began thrusting in and out of her. I was going to fuck her hard and fast before the son of a bitch could shoot his load all over my seats.

"Oh gawd yes fuck me! Fuck me hard!" She moaned.

I began pumping faster into her and the slap of skin resounded inside the car as my groin met her sweet tight ass.

She bent her head lower and began to squeal a high pitched, "oh, oh, oh, oh, fuck"

I felt her pussy muscles grip my cock and the friction was more than I could stand.

My cock exploded again inside my condom as my warm cum surrounded my cock again.

Suddenly the dome light came on and her husband got out of the car. I watched and wondered what in the hell was he doing.

He stood outside the car under the street light and shot his load onto the grass as his wife watched him through the rear window.

I stopped pumping into her and then withdrew my cock from her pussy.

She turned around in the seat and grabbed her sweater. She slipped it back over her head and over those magnificent breasts.

She opened the back door, got out, and went to her husband. She got on her knees in the grass, sucked his semi-rigid cock into her mouth, and sucked it clean.

When she was done, she stood up, looked at me still in the backseat, and said, "Thank-You for a good time."

With that, she shut the door and I watched her and her husband disappear into the darkness hand in hand.

"Damn" I mumbled to myself as I peeled off the condom and threw it in the bag. I got the handy wipes and cleaned off my cock.

I tucked my cock back into my pants and opened the door to get out. I got out and closed the door. As I was reaching for the front door handle, I heard a sweet voice coming from the darkness behind me.

"You looking for someone to party with?"

I turned to see a beautiful middle-aged brunette that reminded me of Jacqueline Bissett in her prime.

I looked at her standing there in a short leather skirt and a low cut blouse and said, "I just got done partying and do not know if I can again this soon."

She replied, "That's fine how about some company and let's see what comes up." With a grin on her face.

"Ok. Get in." I answered.

She went around to the other side and got in the passenger seat.

She held out her hand and said, "I'm Nancy."

I took her hand which was very soft and replied, "I'm John." Which was not true but then she was probably not Nancy either.

She looked seriously at me and asked, "Do you come out here very often?"

"I come out every month." I replied shaking my head.

"This is my first time and I have not been with anyone yet. I have been wandering around watching and saw you getting out of the car and thought you looked nice." She replied.

"Are you married?" I asked

"No, and I usually don't have a problem meeting men but this just sounded exciting. I mean a quickie with a stranger and no strings attached. Just sex for the sake of sex." She answered and elaborated.

That is why I come out too. No awkward next mornings or strings." I replied.

"I will have to admit I am more than a little nervous though." She said.

"I was to the first time out and it went away quickly after the first one." I replied.

"Would you mind if I ease into it by removing my top?" She asked.

"Uh, no, not at all." I replied.

She reached for the hem of her top and pulled it over her head.

She sat there demurely looking at me as if waiting for a response.

"Very nice." I replied and that was not lying. She had the most perfect set of natural tits I have ever seen.

They were a little more than a hand could hold and set nice and high on her chest. They had pink areola and nice hard nipples topping them.

"Would you mind if I touched them?" I asked.

She giggled and replied, "No go ahead."

I turned in my seat and put both hands on them. They were soft and supple yet firm in my hands. I gently kneaded them in my hands letting the flesh wallow in my palms.

"Mmmmmm" She moaned as I continued to rub them.

She rolled her head back and closed her eyes and when she did, I leaned forward and sucked one of her nipples into my mouth.

She jerked and blurted, "Oh" as she felt my mouth on her tit.

I pulled off her nipple and asked, "Is this ok?"

"Yes, please keep going."

I resumed sucking her nipple in my mouth as she put her hand on the back of my head.

"I love having my nipples sucked and played with." She moaned.

To my amazement, my cock was beginning to show signs of life again. It must have been a combination of her beauty and her innocence in this night.

I let my hand slip to her bare thigh. It was so very soft against my hand so I let it slip closer to her pussy under her skirt.

As I got closer to her pussy, I could feel the warmth that she was emitting. Her legs parted to let me have access to her.

My hand touched her pussy and she jumped slightly. I let my finger slip between her outer lips and to the warm wetness between them. Her pussy was as smooth as a newborns and I had to put my tongue on her.

I guided her to turn in her seat. Her back was against the door as I pulled her legs over the console and over my shoulders. I turned in my seat and got on my knees. I then bent over the console and lowered my face between her legs.

I first let my tongue run the length of her pussy to feel its smoothness. I then let it slip between her pussy lips and found her clit. It was already hard and begging to be sucked.

I pushed my tongue into her pussy as far as I could and let her sweet juices marinate on my tongue. I know guys like to say pussies are sweet in reality most are not. Nevertheless, this gal had the sweetest tasting pussy I had ever had the fortunate opportunity to lick.

I let my tongue drift back to her clit and sucked it into my mouth letting my tongue flick back and forth on it. My nose was resting on her smooth vulva and I just kept inhaling the scent of her skin and juices.

I got caught up in her pussy and did not even realize that she was near an orgasm.

"OOHHHHHH FUCK!" She moaned as she grabbed the back of my head and forcefully pulled me deeper into her pussy. 

"OHHHHHHH MY GAWD!" She nearly screamed as her body convulsed and spasms took control of her.

I just stayed there not touching her clit while she came.

Just as she was calming down I sucked her clit again. 

"OHHHHHHHHHH FUCK YESSSSSSS!" She screamed and jerked even harder against my face.

When she came down from this orgasm, she pulled herself away from the door and was getting on all fours in her seat. She pushed me back against my seat and reached for my fly. She unzipped it and my cock was so hard she could not get it out. She quickly reached for my belt and unfastened it and then unbuttoned my pants. She then opened my pants and freed my cock.

She dove onto it like she was starving, stroking and sucking it.

Faster and deeper until I was feeling like I was going to come again.

"Baby, if you want to fuck you better stop that." I said.

She quickly stopped and turned to reach in her purse. She pulled out a condom and tore it open with her teeth. She put the condom in her mouth and then lowered herself again to my cock.

I could feel the condom slipping down my cock and had to give her accolades on this skill.

"Wow that is the first time I have ever had a rubber put on like that."

She started to climb onto my lap so I laid the seat back. She straddled my body and reached for my cock.

She lowered herself onto my hard cock and slowly sat down on it. 

"OHHHH FUCK that feels good." She moaned.

"Yes it does." I responded with a likewise groan.

She rose off my cock until just the head remained inside her and she squeezed with her muscles. It felt like it was holding onto my cock for dear life.

Then all the way back down on me. She sat in my lap and rubbed her groin against mine letting my cock slowly slip and slide around inside her hot pussy.

She leaned toward me and said, "Suck on my nipples again. I love that."

I reached out, sucked one of her hard nipples into my mouth, and licked it.

"OHHHHH YESSSSS!" She moaned again with a raspy growl.

Although she was not riding up and down on me her pussy continually rubbing against me and her squeezing me with the walls of her pussy was getting the best of me.

She leaned over until her mouth was next to my ear. I could hear the heavy breathing and her hot breath against my neck.
