 Author's Note. This half of the story has a little more sex and a little less story building. Another woman gets added in the mix for our lucky hero. If you have any comments, please pass them on.

Chapter 8 –Forgetting a Guilty Conscience

I awoke with a slight start, my mind groggy, my mouth dry and my eyes pasted shut. I had my usual morning hard on as well. It was a typical sort of 'morning after the night before' feeling for me. I adjusted myself a bit and kept my arm wrapped around Shannon. Her head still lay on my chest and her breathing was regular. She was obviously still asleep.

I glanced down at her, lying on her side against me. I could see the smooth lines of her torso as it disappeared beneath the covers. Her top arm lay on my chest and her top leg was draped over my leg under the covers. She looked content and was fully cuddled in for warmth. The room had cooled off and this position had kept both of us warm and secure during the night.

My thoughts returned to last night. My God what had happened! What a blowjob! I had never experienced anything like it before and the thought gave me shivers. Images of her in her lingerie moved quickly through my mind. What a gorgeous girl. What a beautiful body. I felt a pang of sympathy for her and what had happened in her life. Thoughts and memories came flooding back to me from the night before and then it hit me....I was still here in bed with her. What was I going to say to my wife?

Panic set in. What had I done? I was a decent guy. I never planned for this to happen. I had never done anything like it before in my life. I started out flirting and had ended up cheating on my wife. The alcohol got to me, the emotion in her story and then it just happened. I felt a strong pang of sympathy for her, but also had a strong feeling that I just needed to get out of this bed. I needed some room to think and set things right. I adjusted my body a little as I thought of how to deal with this. Would it be awkward? She would be sure to be angry and hurt? I could feel I was tensing up and my body was beginning to feel uncomfortable in this position. 

Shannon stirred and slowly and deliberately moved her hand down my stomach to my cock and had grabbed around its hard base. She held it gently but firmly and began to slowly stroke it. She adjusted her head on my chest and I figured that she was now awake and probably had her eyes open. She was watching my cock as she slowly jerked on it. It felt so good and I was still not fully awake. I let out a sigh and made an unconscious adjustment of my hips so she could have better access to my cock. My mind snapped out of its fog and I gave my head a little shake. This was wrong and shouldn't be happening. I tried to gently move sideways to get out from under her so I could gather my thoughts and get control of the situation. 

Her response to my body movement couldn't have been any more surprising to me. She wrapped her foot around my calf and held my leg steady so that there was no way I could get away from her, and then she slid her head down towards my crotch. I could see her hair trailing along behind her as she moved downwards and even though my thoughts kept telling me to stop her, I just couldn't come up with the words. Eventually her head slid far enough down that she was at my crotch level and she directed my cock with her hand towards her mouth.

I felt that fantastic warmth again, and all of my guilt and uncertainty just melted away in her warmth. I was in heaven again, feeling that skillful mouth of hers. She played me like I had no control of myself. She worked slowly on the head of my cock, not bobbing up and down, but slowly swirling her tongue around, forcing firm twitches out of my manhood. I adjusted my body again to allow her better access and she moved slightly, but kept her attention on my cockhead. She gently sucked and swirled for several minutes until she had me rock hard in her hand. My eyes were closed and I laid there responding to this fantastic treatment allowing her full access to my cock, I slowly pumped at her mouth in response to her sucking.

She quickly threw aside the blankets and rolled on top of me in between my legs. Her mouth never left my cock. She wiggled my legs apart so she could make herself more comfortable between them and kept her mouth at the end of my cock. With my legs now spread, I could not help but pump at her mouth. My cock felt so good in her warm mouth that I couldn't have held back if I had wanted to. She slowly sat back, pulling my cock straight up in the air as she did so. Her hand came up and brushed aside a lock of hair that had fallen across her face. She now was able to make eye contact with me and I was able to look into those beautiful brown eyes. 

She looked at me as well and her eyes spoke. There was a genuine connection she was trying to make with me. I could almost describe it as a loving concern or of generosity. She was enjoying this and wanted to convey to me without saying a word that I was supposed to just lie back and enjoy it. Her hand was slowly pumping my shaft and she kept on swirling that tongue around my whole cockhead. She winked at me and then began to lower her mouth on my whole cock.

In two short strokes, she had me completely deep throated. It felt utterly fantastic. I pumped back at her and she took my whole cock without gagging or laboring in anyway. She stayed that way for about 5 seconds and came back up to the top of my rock hard cock. Then she went back down and repeated what she had done about 5 or 6 more times. Finally when she came up, she broke contact with my cock, looked at me and smiled a big toothy smile. It reminded me of Heather Brooke in videos I had seen. 

"I better slow down, you look like you are about to burst." She was right. I hadn't realized how quickly she had me on the edge of cumming. My cock was bursting at the seams and my hips kept gyrating against her hand trying to find that warm wonderful mouth again. "If you don't mind, I just want to have a bit of fun sucking your cock for a while. I haven't sucked a cock in so long; I just want to enjoy this for a while. It really isn't about making you come. So please, just relax and enjoy yourself." How could I say no? This was crazy. My wife would give me blowjobs occasionally but I never thought she did it for her enjoyment. It was just for mine and when it was over it was over. In my hung over, emotionally beaten state I wasn't in the mood to protest. I just moved a second pillow under my head and watched her work her magic.

Chapter 9 – The Little Red Guy On My Shoulder Wins

She kept on working me, keeping my libido at emergency levels. She was a master at this. She would get me to the edge of exploding and then would pull back and relax a bit. She would gently drag her teeth on my cock head or suck very hard to bring me back to some level of control and then would go back to making me crazy. It was just fantastic.

After several more minutes of this, she pulled up her mouth off of my cock and smiled a very sassy and seductive smile and said, "good morning." I was panting and humping against her hand and forced out a smile and a croaky "good morning" back to her. "Thanks for letting me suck on you again. I forgot how much I really enjoyed doing this when it was my idea to do it. I was so drunk last night that I did it without really taking the time to enjoy it myself. I hope you enjoyed it anyway." 

She plunged her mouth back on my cock and deep throated me again. I grimaced in pleasure and panted back, "Of course I enjoyed it. It was fantastic. It was the best blow job I've ever had." She responded by keeping her mouth over my member and sighing a gentle "Hmmmmmm". She was obviously pleased that I was pleased. In no time at all, she had me on the edge again and she pulled up and let go of my cock.

"I hope you feel OK this morning. I mean about your wife and all. I don't regret what happened last night at all, and you shouldn't either. There wasn't much you could do about it anyway. We just played with each other a bit. You'll just have to come to grips with it I guess." This statement stunned me. Here she was addressing my concerns about my family. It was easy for her to say this. She didn't have much at stake because of last night. I was formulating a comment for her when she swallowed my cock again and my mind stopped working. She was driving me crazy and kept me on the edge for another minute until I was ready to blow my load and then she came up for air again.

"Don't feel guilty about it" she explained as she looked me directly in the eyes. "It was all my doing, and really, I needed it. I had to begin to move on with my life. You've helped me with that. Not all men are like my ex and I should have realized this long ago. You were helping a friend in need. You didn't go out and looking for what you got last night. It wasn't really a sex thing anyway, it was more like therapy." She moved back to my cock once again and began sucking. She kept her head up and stared deeply into my eyes. I tried to formulate another response to her about guilt and my wife and just as I was about to speak, she sucked the head of my cock so intensely I gasped in pleasure and a bit of pain. She deep throated me some more until I was completely horny again pumping into her hand and mouth.

She locked her eyes on me again and pulled herself off my cock. "Well, it looks like you don't want me to stop, so I assume that you are OK with last night. That's just great." I started to speak, but she cut me off and said, "don't try to justify what's going on in your head to me, and don't try to ruin this thank you blowjob I am giving you either. Right now your body is speaking the truth and your mouth will tell me lies. So don't try to tell me how guilty you feel about yourself when you are humping your cock against me trying to stick it in my mouth. 

Let's face it Allan, you are enjoying this and as far as you should be concerned, what's done is done. If you are in for a penny, you may as well be in for a pound. So think of it this way, this day isn't done yet, and neither is this little fling we are having. You will have plenty of time to feel guilty on your drive home. Here's something to think about: if you are going to feel guilty, why, don't you give yourself a really good reason to feel guilty?" With that she held my cock straight up with her hand and poised her mouth above my cock head and stared directly into my eyes. I could feel her breath on my cock and then felt the light touch of her tongue as well. I was trying to formulate a response to her. I tried to speak my mind, but my cock betrayed me and I pushed it up to meet her tongue. I needed her to blow me more. She smiled with her eyes. She knew that that thrust of my cock into her mouth was my surrender. I was done resisting, and if she kept deep throating me like she was now, I was at her mercy until I checked out of the hotel. 

Chapter 10 – A Knock on the Door

I laid back and enjoyed the attention. Shannon was savoring me like a child would savor a lollipop. After her slightly aggressive speech to me, she had lowered the intensity level of her sucking so that I was kept on a high, but not ready to burst. This went on for a few minutes when there was a knock on the door. She literally flew off of the bed, (still naked) and peered through the peephole on the door into the hallway. She turned to me and said "don't move an inch." She really sounded like she meant it, and I just grabbed the covers and covered myself up. I wasn't going anywhere, but wondered why she would even bother answering the door.

To my surprise, she opened the door a crack and without the chain on it stuck her head out the door. She was talking to someone. I could hear her whispering, but I couldn't tell what she was saying or who she was talking to. My eyes wandered down to her body. She looked stunning. I could see the back of her. It showed off a very curvy torso, and a firm ass. I could see the side of one of those firm breasts hanging off her body. This was a view I could get used to. She was relaxed, not worried about what she looked like or what I thought of her at that moment. This comfortable casual attitude made her look so sexy to me. A moment later, she stepped back behind the door and opened it. Much to my surprise a woman walked in and sat down on the foot of the bed as Shannon closed the door behind her. Shannon sat down on the bed beside her and said, "Allan, I would like you to meet Sondra." 

Sondra was looking at me with a rather suspicious eye. It was though I was some object that she was analyzing and not a person at all. Without really acknowledging me, she spoke to Shannon. "You are trying to tell me that you spent the night with him?" Again, she looked at me as though I was a piece of art that she hadn't figured out yet. She tilted her head and with a suspicious smile, she said, "I don't believe it." 

Immediately Shannon replied, "It's true. We spent the whole night together. We slept together...well we didn't actually sleep together if you know what I mean. But we did enjoy each other." Her tone was one of a child trying to convince their parent of some important fact. 

Sondra looked at her and repeated, "I don't believe it. I guess you are naked, so that must say something, but after all of the things you have told me about your past, I can't believe that you actually went through with any of it." 

Shannon retorted, "Oh yeah...just watch me! Maybe seeing will be believing." Shannon then started to pull the covers off of me in what I thought was an effort to start sucking me again.

"Wait just a minute here. Just hang on!!" My dry throat caused my voice to crack and I sounded really wimpy. My face reddened as a result of that. "I am pleased to meet you...What was it? Sandra? But this is pretty weird. What the hell is going on? Why are you here? Who are you?" 

I was looking back and forth between the two women sitting at the end of the bed. Sondra looked a bit perturbed and Shannon was apologetic and then they began to speak over one another. "My name is Sondra, not Sandra" "Sorry Allan, I should have told you she was coming to meet me this morning." "I hate it when people get my name wrong." "I just wanted to show her how I can suck your cock." 

I interrupted, and said, "Shannon, please tell me what is going on." Shannon looked at me and gave an understanding smile and began to speak.

"This is my girlfriend Sondra. She is actually more than my girlfriend, we're lovers. We have been for a couple of years now. I was coming to town for the birthday party and we had planned to spend this day together here in the hotel and just have some romantic time with each other. That's all. It's nothing weird."

"You are sitting on the end of my bed naked, I am under the covers naked, and there is another woman who I have never met before sitting here giving me the evil eye. How is that not weird Shannon?"

"Well OK, that does seem a bit out of the ordinary to you, but I didn't plan it to happen. I was just so proud of what I did last night that I didn't have time to explain it to you. I had to tell her. As you can see, she doesn't believe me anyway." 

Sondra piped in, "Not after all of the talking you've done over the last few years. There is no way you went back to a man's bed. I don't know what bill of goods he tried to sell you, but I can guarantee that the Shannon I know wouldn't have fallen for it. This is a joke or you are trying to make me jealous or something."

"I never sold her a bill of goods! She was the one who seduced me." 

"He's right Sondra, it was me and I am so proud of myself. I did it and it was great. As a matter of fact, I was just doing it again when you knocked on the door." 

"You were blowing him? No way. If this isn't a joke, then do it again, right now and let me watch. Then we can start discussing whether this story is believable or not. As a matter of fact, I am so sure that you weren't doing it, I'll blow him myself if you do." They gave each other a good stare down and Shannon spoke, "I'll hold you to it. If you are going to talk like that in front of my friend Allan like that. I will hold you to it." She sounded very matter of fact with that last statement.

Sondra turned to me and smiled, "I guess the charade is over. You see, I know this woman very well. She wouldn't do that. Not a chance in hell. Not after what happened with her Ex. So I guess you can leave when she is ready to agree that I was right." I thought to myself how wrong Sondra was. If there was one thing I had discovered about Shannon last night is was that she really knew how to give a blow job.

Chapter 11 Prove Me Wrong

Shannon began pulling the covers off of me again, and I held onto them. She gave me a look that said, 'don't fuck with me", and I released my grip. "See. He is naked, and I was giving him a fantastic blow job when you showed up. Wasn't I Allan? Wasn't it fantastic?"

"Yes" I croaked. I was still feeling pretty freaked out.

She looked at Sondra and said, "Now watch this." She grabbed my now limp member and positioned herself so that Sondra could clearly see her and said to me, "Play with my nipples Allan, just like you did last night." She added that last bit with a dirty look to Sondra. She then kissed my cock and began to coax it to full hardness. 

It did take a few minutes because I was still weirded out at the sudden change of events, but eventually, I was at full attention. I glanced at Sondra who was getting the same eye contact from Shannon that I got 20 minutes ago. I was fascinated by her response. She was stunned! Her mouth hung open. She was completely shocked that Shannon was going through with this. The look on her face was comical. 

Before I knew it, Shannon began to play me like the toy I was. My god she could suck cock! I started to breathe heavily and started to pump her mouth. She stopped and came up for a breath. She looked at Sondra and said, "I win the bet. Look at him, he is ready to explode. It forgot how sexy it feels to have a man under my control like this." 

"I'll be damned." Was all Sondra could come up with. "What did you do to her? Did you drug her?" She looked at me with wondering eyes and I just shrugged my shoulders. This was way too crazy for me to take in.

Shannon laughed and said, "Get your clothes off Sondra. You finally lost a bet to me and for once I get to be the boss. Get them off now and get over here. It's time for you to keep your promise." Sondra shook her head in wonder and stood up at the end of the bed. Shannon said, "Take your time undressing in front of my guest, and Rob, enjoy the show she puts on. She is a very beautiful woman." She then dropped her mouth back on my cock and began to suck me into oblivion once more.

Sondra was taller than Shannon and was very slender. She unbuttoned the sweater she was wearing and threw it on a chair, and then looked at me unbelieving. Shannon looked at her and said "Get to it Sondra. And smile while you are doing it. I am always a good sport for you, so for the one time I win, you better be a good sport to me. 

Sondra gave her head a shake from her daze and for the first time, she smiled. She grabbed the bottom of her T-shirt and began to slowly pull it up over her head. She took her time doing this and it accentuated her long slender torso. As the shirt slid up, I could see her white ivory skinned abdomen. She was not tanned at all but her skin had gooseflesh and this added depth to her body. Her ribs showed as she stretched her arms upward and slowly, her bra came into view. It was black and lacy, contrasting her skin. It looked expensive and her breasts filled it perfectly. She looked like a B-cup at the most, but was likely closer to an A-cup. Her body looked incredibly long as she slid the shirt off up over her head and when she dropped it on the floor, she smiled again.
