 Thanks to everyone for their enthusiastic responses to the first two episodes of my story!

* * * 

We had been married less than six months and already my husband Mike had begun to express his desire to expand our horizons sexually, and had begun to manipulate me toward that end.

The last installment of my story found me in a seedy adult movie theatre with a stranger's dick in my hand. It hadn't occurred to me how unlikely it would be that I would have found myself in such a situation out of the blue. It wouldn't be long before I was to find out that it was nothing like the random occurrence it had been originally been made out to be.

* * * * * * * * * *

1. Meeting other people.

After that night in the porn theatre, when I had gone down on my husband under the watchful eye of the guy sitting behind us, Mike kept telling me how much it turned him on to have someone watch him getting head from me.

A return visit to the theatre found Mike having us change our seats so that in the end we were sitting beside a middle aged couple. The end result of that was Mike getting jerked off by the woman, and then him telling me to do the same to the guy.

It hurt me to think that I wasn't enough to keep Mike happy, and it also bothered me that it always seemed that whatever Mike told me to do, I did. It was like I had no say in anything, or any backbone to stand up for myself either. Only in looking back now do I know that while maybe I was a victim of sorts, I certainly was a willing one as well.

One evening when Mike came home from work, he announced that we were going to go out for a drink. When I asked him where, and more importantly where we were going to get the money for this, he told me not to worry. He had everything all planned out.

Before we went, Mike insisted on dressing me, picking out a pink tank top that was almost sheer. Since it was always preferred that I not wear a bra, this allowed my droopy little cones to be utterly exposed to the world. If you didn't care to look at them through the almost non-existant fabric, you could pretty much see everything from the side, where the baggy arm holes showed just about everything that was there.

"Mike, I can't go out in public like this," I complained. "I might as well not be wearing anything at all."

"You can do that too," Mike said as he nibbled my neck. "Don't worry, we aren't going out to a bar or anything."

The destination was going to remain a secret however, and I dutifully got into the car and rode along until we reached a suburb of Utica, and into a middle class neighborhood with manicured lawns. Not Beverly Hills or anything, but nothing like where we were living, or any of our friends for that matter.

"Who lives here?" I asked as Mike pulled into the driveway.

"People," Mike said in his informative manner. "Here."

Mike handed me a half of a joint, which had become sort of a warning that there was going to be something happening that I might not be crazy about. An occassion that would go better with me in a mellow mood and even more agreeable than usual. I was aware of this even then, and my reaction was always the same. Inhale and smile.

After we finished the joint we exited our vehicle of the month, a rusted out Javelin that was living on borrowed time, and walked to the door.

"Gonna be a surprise, huh Mike?" I said as he rang the bell.

"Oh, we know them," Mike assured me. "Just be cool, and don't make me look bad in front of these people."

That was Mike's catch phrase, the "don't make me look bad" that I had heard often in the past, and was destined to hear many more times in the future.

When the door opened and the tall platinum blonde woman smiled and let us in, I realized that Mike had been right. We knew them alright, even though I had never seen their faces before. The couple from the theatre.

2. Bernie and Daphne.

"So glad you could make it!" the woman gushed as she kissed Mike on the cheek and then came over to me.

"Daphne, this is my wife Becky. I know you two met a little bit last week" Mike announced with a leer and a wink that gave me the creeps.

"Oooh honey, you look even nicer in the light," Daphne cracked as I got a kiss as well.

I put on a smile, or at least a reasonable facsimile of one, and stood there nervously while Daphne stared at my chest. The phrase undressing me with her eyes might have been appropriate were it not for the fact that my skimpy blouse made that unnecessary.

We were joined by Daphne's husband Bernie, who looked like your average middle-aged used car salesman. A short guy with a medium build who was balding ungracefully, he shook Mike's hand and gave me a kiss on the cheek. As I looked at him, and as he stared at me with as much interest as his wife did, I couldn't think of anything except the fact that I had jerked this guy off the week before.

Mike and I were herded into the basement, where there was a little bar in the corner. It was all done in black formica with white flecks, and there were mirrors no matter where you turned in the little room. Mirrors with designs, beer advertisement mirrors, you name it. In every one I looked into, I saw the same image. A scared teenaged girl who didn't have a clue as to what was going on.

The drinks kept getting poured, and Mike pulled out a joint (a fresh one this time, undoubtedly to impress our new-found friends) which made Daphne and Bernie ooh and ahh! They had music playing in the background, something along the lines of Herb Alpert, as we passed the weed around.

Bernie and Daphne had been all over me in an indirect way, with a lot of arm touching and shoulder rubbing, and with the flowing of booze and herb, I was now getting a lot of accidental brushing against my breasts. It had to be accidental for them to be able to make the consistant contact with the little critters that they managed.

"What is going on here Mike?" I asked when the couple slipped out of earshot.

"It's a party!" my husband Mike said enthusiastically. "These guys are swingers. Ain't this place great? We should fix up one of our spare rooms like this!"

The thought of trying to wedge four people into one of those spare rooms along with a bar and chairs made for a comical image in my mind, but I was too nervous to laugh.

"I want to know what's going on," I told Mike with about as much authority in my voice that I could muster.

"You know, Becky," Mike whispered. "Stuff like we did in the theatre with them, only a little more... you know, intimate."

"Don't tell me you expect me to screw this guy!"

"Screw? Uhhh, no," Mike said, a little taken aback by my sudden spunk, and I should have noticed then what a little backbone could do. 

"What then?"

"You know, like we'll get comfortable and we could do stuff. Other stuff," Mike said. "You know, like we did in the theatre and maybe some oral stuff. Daphne really wants me bad and I know that Bernie thinks you are sexy as hell."

"I'm not screwing him or anybody else, and she isn't screwing you!"

"Okay, you win. Not screwing, but everything else then," Mike said as the couple came back with a bottle of champagne. "Just don't you dare make me look bad in front of these people."

They popped the cork of the cheap bubbly, and while Daphne made small talk to me, I saw Mike and Bernie huddled in the corner talking while glancing over in my direction.

"Becky, you're a really lucky lady with a stud like Mike to take care of you," Daphne said as her fingers slid over my arm, causing the hair on my forearms to stand up and goose bumps to form. "He's lucky too, because you are so cute I can't stand it. Cute enough to eat, if you know what I mean?"

"Becky is a doll," her husband added as he and Mike snuck back up on us. "A living doll."

"I was just telling Becky how lucky she was to have a stud like Mike around the house to keep her satisfied," Daphne said as she looked over at Mike, who was beaming like he had just knighted or something.

"Oh yeah, Mike's great," I said with as much bounce in my voice as I could muster.

"How big is that cock I tried to hold in my hand last week Becky? Daphne cooed.

"Nine and a half inches," Mike and I said simultaneously, Mike with incredible excitement and me blankly, and how I knew the length was is a story in itself.

He had me measure it one night, after he claimed that he read the average cock was about six inches long hard. I didn't know that Mike was much for reading, but figured that if he was going to crack open a book, it would be about sex.

So there I was in bed with Mike and a ruler after getting him hard in preparation for this event. I dutifully held the stick up against his cock and read out the results.

"Eight and a quarter inches!" I announced to him, expecting him to start gloating on the news.

"Bullshit!" Mike proclaimed and proceeded to tell me that I was measuring it all wrong. Fucking up again, as usual.

He showed me the proper way to measure a cock, and as he held the ruler under his cock with the end halfway down his balls I was afraid if he twitched it would be up his ass.

"Almost ten inches!" Mike had exclaimed with glee. "Nine and a half, and I'm not really as hard as I can get either. You know that, right Becky?"

Indeed I did know said I in total agreement, trying to avoid a debate that I would never win in the end anyway, and so nine and a half inches became the official cock length of Mike. It didn't matter to me, for I enjoyed it no matter how long it was, mainly because it was attached to the man I loved. Besides, how often would that come up in conversation anyway? Don't ask.

"Nine and a half inches!" Daphne squealed and fanned herself with her cocktail napkin in dramatic fashion. "Almost a foot long! That thing must tear a little girl like you apart."

"Oh, I know he's in there alright," I said.

Bernie whispered something in Daphne's ear and she seemed to come down a little bit from her giddy pedestal. Bernie then walked away and took Mike to the back of the little room, opening a door and turning on a light as if he were showing Mike something. Mike was impressed, or at least seemed that way from where I stood.

"Little nervous I hear, aren't you Becky?" Daphne said. "That's okay baby, we can take it nice and slow with you. There's nothing to be nervous about, because nobody here wants to do anything to you that you don't want done."

I looked up at Daphne, who was considerably taller than I was. Her breasts were rubbing up against my shoulder, and while they were not exceptionally big ones she was very proud of them, and her cleavage was exposed quite a bit. Not that I was dressed all that modestly either.

"We're gonna go into our playroom for awhile, okay,?" Daphne asked. "To play, of course," she said with a smile. "That okay baby?"

Her hand came up and reached out to me, and I stood there frozen as her long fingernail ran along my nipple, which was sticking out against the thin fabric of my blouse. I watched the crimson painted nail do lazy circles for a second, almost like I was watching this happen to someone else. The only difference was that it was my body that shivered when Daphne was touching me.

"We can go take care of our boys now," Daphne whispered into my ear as her hand slid off of my nipple and moved smoothly over to the side, where it gracefully found its way under the side of my tank top through the armhole.

"Mmmmm... nice little titties babe," Daphne said as her hand cupped my tit and kneaded it slowly. "If you want to play with me too just give me a sign, okay?"

Daphne's lips brushed against my ear, and she slowly nibbled her way down the side of my face and neck, which made my whole body shudder. I looked over at the Schaefer Beer mirror opposite us, and that image was so unreal to me that I can never forget it. 

Me, standing in the middle of a room like I was glued to the floor, my legs shaking uncontrollably. A tall platinum blonde kissing my neck while her hand worked passionately under my blouse, kneading and squeezing my little breast. And in the back of the room, my husband of four months watching every move, and smiling like a loon.

A woman who wanted her marriage to be one of happiness and devotion would have grabbed her newlywed husband by the ear and run out the door with him, leaving this crazy scene behind them forever.

That was what I was thinking as Daphne led me into the other room, and closed the door behind me. Funny thing was, she led me back there. She didn't drag me. There were no chains on me that made me stay either.

3. Inside the playroom.

The room we were all standing around in was decorated in wild colors, with a gigantic waterbed in the middle. There was a lava lamp on the side table, and the garish colors and posters gave the room a 60's flavor. Since we were in the 70's, it looked to me like a desparate attempt for middle aged people to try and look cool. Mike loved it, of course.

"I've been thinking about this all week," Daphne said as she pulled Mike's shirt over his head. "Mmmmm... what a cuddly and furry teddy bear you are," she cooed as she ran her hands over Mike's chest.

"Mike wants you to watch," Bernie said for behind me. "He says you like to watch, and so do I, so we can watch this together.

Bernie's hands were under my arms and squeezing my tits, but I was too busy watching Daphne having her dress pulled over her head by Mike. Mike had her bra off in record time and was squeezing Daphne's coconut sized tits excitedly.

"Oh man, these are so nice," Mike said and looked over to me for approval. "Check out the pair Daphne's got on her, Becky."

I nodded as Daphne's panties came down, and the platinum blonde's pubic hair was as dark brown as mine was, although her triangle was less dense and far less spread out then mine.

Bernie ground himself into my backside, his erection probing against my ass. Daphne and Mike were both naked now, and Daphne was now pulling Mike's underwear down. For reasons I can't understand, I was embarrassed that Mike's Fruit of the Looms were a dingy white, and I made a mental note to try a different detergent.

"OMIGOD!!!" Daphne squealed with delight as Mike's cock sprang out of its confinement and swayed wildly in front of her face. "I died and went to heaven Bernie."

"Boy, your husband's cock is amazing," Bernie said with admiration in his voice. "Daphne does like the big ones, that's for sure. No wonder you aren't interested in me," Bernie added sadly.

The maudlin tone of his voice made me feel bad for him, as it occurred to me that he might have watched his wife doing this many times before. Maybe he felt as inadequate as I was often made to feel, I figured. 

Maybe that was why I found myself reaching back and squeezing the bulge in his pants, and the groan that coaxed out of him gave me a warm feeling myself.

"Oh Becky, that's nice," Bernie said. "Mike wants you to watch, but keep doing that"

I was watching, alright. Daphne had Mike's cock in her fist and was sucking on the bulbous head like a woman possessed while she pulled on the shaft. This was my husband's cock and I was disgusted, but mostly with myself because in a way I was enjoying this for some sick reason. 

Bernie's fingers were squeezing and plucking at my nipples while his wife sucked harder and faster on Mike. I noted with pride that she was only going down about halfway on Mike's cock, but he didn't seem to mind as he looked to my direction with a glazed expression. It was an expression that I was very familiar with, because it meant that Mike was going to cum preety soon.

Mike did cum a minute later, with Daphne's fists wrapped around the shaft of his cock and pumping wildly, and her mouth working over the head of his dick as the cum spurted in and around her mouth.

It almost seemed like Bernie came as Mike did, because his body jerked and he gasped when he saw Mike's cum splashing all over his wife's mouth and cheeks. His hard on remained however, as he ground against me as Mike's orgasm ebbed.

"What an amazing cock!" Daphne exclaimed as she looked over at me and her husband, her cheeks dripping with the copious amount of Mike's cum that she hadn't gotten in her mouth. Mike was busy continuing to milk himself, and he managed to coax another bead of semen out, which Daphne licked off before getting back to her feet.

"You guys like what you saw?" Daphne said. "I know you did Bernie," she added as she came around and kissed Bernie with her cum-splattered face. "Becky's gonna take care of you real good too baby, because I heard she's one helluva cocksucker. Let's get you comfortable."

Daphne and Bernie had me undressed before I knew what hit me, and as Daphne pulled my panties down, she leaned forward and kissed me between my legs.

"Check out Becky's snatch, Bernie," Daphne said. "I know you'll love it babe, she's really hairy down there."

"Oh yeah!" Bernie said as he reached around and ran his hand through my bush, and I hoped he didn't notice how wet I was as he did. "Love these hippie chicks."

I was brought over near the bed by Bernie, who was now naked as well. His cock was sticking straight out, and the cock I had jerked off in the theatre was far less menancing under the light of the lava lamp.

"Suck his dick babe," Mike said as her pushed me down in front of Bernie. "Make me proud."

I sucked Bernie off with all of the anger that was inside of me, and it was as easy as sucking his thumb, since they were about the same size. I did my best to make it good for Bernie, and if I was doing it to spite Mike it wasn't working, because Mike was practically panting and drooling as he watched.

"Suck him dry babe," Mike said as she idly played with Daphne's breasts. "You can swallow it Becky. It's okay with me."

Mike had seen fit to allow me the honor of swallowing Bernie's load, which was real kind of him given the circumstances that found his dick in my mouth to begin with.

I kept my eyes closed and went up and down that little dick as hard as I could, bringing him to the brink of orgasm several times before easing up on him and driving him wild in the process.

"Oh shit! Wanna cum!" Bernie yelped as I brought him close again and then backed off.

"Little girl's driving you crazy ain't she?" Daphne said.

"Great... fucking incredible!" Bernie moaned as I started sucking hard again. "Can't believe it!"

The next time I brought him to the brink, I didn't stop. Instead I grabbed his ass cheeks and pulled him toward me as tight as I could while my mouth did all the work. I sucked on that pecker so hard that he must have gained an inch or two from the suction force I used.

When he came I siphoned even harder, and he was screaming and howling and doing everything except speaking in tongues as his spunk sprayed the roof of my mouth and my throat. His dick kept jumping and I kept draining him, and as I clawed his ass he pulled my hair and forced my skull deeper into his crotch. 

Finally he had to yank my mouth of his poor withered dick for fear I would take the thing clear off. His legs were trembling when I released his pecker from my mouth, and he fell to my knees and kissed me, his tongue wiggling around the cum that coated the inside of my mouth.

"Oh Becky, that was so good, so good, so good," Bernie kept repeating as he smothered me with adoration, almost like I had gotten him a reprieve from the electric chair or something.

"Baby you are something else," Daphne said as she knelt by my side and put her arm around me. "I never saw anything like that before in my life. Kinda made me wish I was a guy."

Mike looked down on his bride with an expression that I had never really seen from him before. He was glowing with pride, as the fact that I had performed so well was a feather in his cap. I also noticed that his cock was hard as a rock again. Red and throbbing, it hardly looked like it had been hosing Daphne down with cum only 10 minutes before.
