 “Round two is tomorrow night. Don’t be too eager though,” I told him. 

“How come?”

“Because after all this time of fulfilling your fantasies it’s time to do a few of mine, “I said. “You might like it, you might not. I don’t really care because for the next couple days you’re my bitch and you’re going to do what you’re told. Got it?”


He looked at me for a few seconds without saying anything. I could imagine the wheels turning inside his head. He wasn’t used to this sort of thing from me. I was the one who took care of him, who did all the nasty little things he wanted. Well, now I was in charge and I don’t think he knew what to do.

“It’s not going to involve wearing a dress again, is it?”

“No, you are going to have enough on your mind. I don’t need you worrying about little things like what you’re wearing.”

“Good,” he said with a little smile. 

I think he thought that since he wouldn’t be degraded by wearing women’s clothes that it was going to be something simple or at least something less kinky. Boy was he in for a surprise.

The next day was a Saturday and neither of us had to work so we spent most of the day doing little chores around the house and running any errands we hadn’t been able to do during the week.

Bruce was avoiding the sex issue as much as possible. I don’t know if he was afraid or thought I was bluffing or what. Whenever anything sexual came up in conversation, he changed the subject or simply ignored it.

It was getting close to dinnertime and I asked him if he’d like some take-out. He said “sure,” and was going for his coat and wallet when I stopped him.

“I’ll go get it, honey,” I said.

He looked at me for a second, unsure of what I was doing. I never volunteered to do things like that and he knew it. 

“I just want to get out of the house,” I said.

“Ok, whatever suits you.”

He told me what he wanted, I grabbed my purse, and coat, got in the car, and drove off. As soon as I was out of site of the house, I picked up my cell phone and dialed a number I had memorized.

“Are you ready?” I asked the person who answered. I was told that everything was a go and I hung up the phone and drove to the restaurant. 

When I got home, Bruce was sitting in front of the TV. I gave him a little kiss, handed him the food he wanted and we both sat down to eat. When we finished we cleaned up and settled down to relax for the rest of the evening.

About an hour later, the doorbell rang and Bruce got up to get it. 

“I got it, honey,” I told him.

I went to the door, already knowing who it was. I opened it and, sure enough, there was Steve. I gave him a knowing look and let him in. We walked into the living room and Bruce looked up and saw us. 

“Honey,” I said, “this is Steve. I told you I wasn’t done with you and I meant it. He’s here to help me out.”

Bruce looked at us both and said, “A three-way? Cool, I wasn’t expecting this.”

I wanted to say something right then but thought it would be more fun if he found out the hard way. 

“You guys want some wine or something?” Bruce asked.

“No, we’re ready to get down to business. Now get your ass in that bedroom right now!”

He was a little shocked but it wasn’t enough to slow him down. He went right into the bedroom and Steve and I followed.

Once we were in the bedroom, we all stood there and looked at each other for a moment.

I told Bruce, “Get your clothes off.”

He came over to me and tried to kiss me, still thinking this was going to be a typical threesome. I reached out and slapped his face. “I told you to get your clothes off, bitch! Now do it!”

He was in total shock. Steve was just standing there watching, a little grin on his face. He knew what I was doing. Bruce didn’t have a clue. 

“Umm..,” he started to say

I slapped him again. “Get your fucking clothes off you whore!”

“Kelly, you….”

Again, I slapped him. “When are you going to learn, bitch! Get those clothes off right now or I’m going to make you very sorry!”

The side of his face was a bright red and there was a bit of confusion in his eyes. We get rough now and then but this was different and he didn’t know what to think, especially with a strange man in the room.

He had apparently learned his lesson though because he started to undress. I told Steve to get naked too and before long, they were both standing there totally nude. 

“So,” Bruce said, “you wanna get down and take care of us, baby?”

“Shut up. You don’t have the slightest idea what I want. Just do what you’re told and keep your mouth shut. I swear, it’s hard to keep little bitches like you in line sometimes.”

“Listen, this is getting a little out of hand.”

This time I really hauled off and smacked him. I hit him so hard it stung my hand and made him reach for his cheek. “I TOLD YOU TO SHUT THE FUCK UP AND I MEANT IT!”

I reached over, grabbed him by his hair, and pulled his face close to mine. “Listen to me, whore. You are going to do exactly what I tell you to do and you won’t say a word about it. If you keep getting out of line like that, I’m really going to hurt you. Got it, bitch?”

“Yes,” he half whispered to me.

“Good. Now, you and Steve, take my clothes off.”

The two men got next to me and slowly took off all my clothes. We’ve had threesomes before and one of my favorite parts has always been having two men undress me. It is so erotic the feel those four hands on me and they expose my body. 

Once I was nude, I stepped back away from them. “Ok, Bruce, get on your knees.”

He didn’t even say anything this time, he just got down on his knees like he was told. I could see the questioning in his eyes.

I lay down on the bed and looked at the two men, one on his knees, and one standing in front of him, both of them nude. They were both good looking men and both of them had nice, similarly sized cocks. Steve’s was a little thicker but Bruce’s was just a bit longer. Each had their strong points. 

“Ok,” I told Bruce, “now I want you to suck his cock.”

His shock didn’t last long, I’m sure he thought this might be coming. “No fucking way. I’m willing to play this game to a point but that’s going too far.”

I jumped off the bed, grabbed him by the hair, and slapped him once on each side of his face. “I told you to suck his cock! Now do it!”

“No.”

“You little fucking whore!” I yelled at him. “You’re going to suck his cock like the slutty little bitch that you are and you’re going to like it!” I slapped him again, “What are you?”

He didn’t say anything at first, his face obviously stung from the slaps and I think he was in shock because of the way I was acting. He finally came to his senses and said, “I’m your bitch.”

“What else are you?”

“I’m your whore and your slut.”

“Are you my little cocksucking slut?”

He stopped talking and I could see he was weighing his options. Give me the answer I want and he has to suck another mans dick. Tell me no and he gets a beating.

He finally said, “Yes, I’m your little cocksucking slut.”

“Then suck his dick like the whore that you are!”

I lay back down on the bed and faced them again. Bruce looked at me and then at Steve. He slowly moved over towards Steve, reached up, and put his hand around Steve’s dick. Steve had started out hard but since Bruce didn’t do what he was told right away, his member had gotten soft. 

“Don’t stroke him,” I said, “I want him to get hard in your mouth. You need to learn what it’s like to be me.”

Bruce suddenly stopped and looked at me. “I can’t do it. No way.”

I was furious. I leapt off the bed, grabbed his head with both hands, and put my face less than an inch from his. “You motherfucker! You will suck his cock right now! I’m tired of your bullshit!”

I slapped him repeatedly. “You remember when you got me in bed with that other woman? You remember that? You fuck! I ate pussy for you! The least you could do in return is to suck that mans dick! What about all those times you fucked my ass? You think you could do that to me and not have to pay a price? Not open your fucking mouth and suck his cock until I tell you to stop!”

I slapped him one more time so hard he had to stop himself from hitting the floor. “Ok,” he said, “but that’s it, it’s as far as I go.”

“No it’s not and you know it. This is just the beginning. Now get to work.”

This time I didn’t get on the bed, I got down on my knees next to him to make sure he did his job right. 

Steve was just standing there, a little smile on his face, his hands on his hips. He was enjoying the whole thing. I had met him online when I was looking for a willing participant for my little game. He was a good-looking bi man who had said he was ok with some rough stuff. Sure enough, he was doing just fine, keeping his mouth shut, and acting the part of living-sex-toy that he was supposed to be. I didn’t want someone to have a relationship with, just someone to play with me and Bruce and that’s exactly what I got.

Bruce put his hand back on Steve’s cock and moved his head closer. I could tell how nervous he was but I knew he’d get over soon. He looked at me one last time and then opened his mouth and took the head of the cock between his lips. This was so hot for me, I had always wanted to see two men together and for one of them to be my lover just made it that much hotter.

He must have finally gotten used to the fact that he was going to suck a dick whether he wanted to or not because he started moving his mouth up and down on Steve’s thick penis. He kept his hand at the base of his cock and gave it little strokes while his lips went up and down the shaft and head. 

Bruce looked at me while he had that cock in his mouth and that was such a turn-on. I leaned over and whispered in his ear, “You like it, don’t you?”

He didn’t try to talk but shook his head from side to side while still sucking. I whispered again, “You’re a liar, you know you like it. Now go down and lick his balls while I suck that cock for a while.”

He sighed a little, obviously resigned to the fact that he was my bitch for the night and I wasn’t taking no for an answer.

He took Steve’s cock out of his mouth and went down to his balls. Meanwhile, I took over cocksucking duties and eagerly swallowed Steve’s member while I watched Bruce begin to lick and suck on his balls.

By this time, Steve was doing some serious moaning. He was enjoying this a lot and wasn’t afraid to let it show. His cock swelled and throbbed in my mouth and I stopped for a few seconds to let him calm down, I didn’t want him to cum just yet.

I leaned back just a bit so I could watch Bruce working Steve’s balls. His tongue was running along their underside and he would stop and gently suck on one for a few seconds before going back to the licking. Yes, I knew it, he was really starting to get into it. What a good little whore he was being.

I figured he could use a little pleasure for being such a good bitch so I dropped my head down and started to suck Bruce’s cock. I’ve always enjoyed sucking him and this was no different. I bobbed my head up and down on him while looking up and watching him work on Steve. 

Bruce finally stopped on the balls and went back to sucking Steve’s dick while I sucked on his. We each sucked, stroked, stroked, and sucked until both men were on the verge of climax.

As soon as I knew it was getting close, I stopped. It was time for the real game to begin. I told Bruce to stop sucking and to get on the bed. He looked at me and I could see that he knew what was coming, especially after what we had done last night.

He was obedient though, and went and laid down on the bed. I told Steve to join him and once they were both on the bed I just stood and looked at them. How fun this was going to be!

I looked right at Bruce, “Are you ready, bitch?”

“Listen,” he said, “the other stuff was cool and fun but we don’t need to go any farther.”

As soon as he said it he knew it was a mistake. I stepped over to the bed, grabbed the back of his head and pulled him close to me. “I am sick of your fucking attitude! You’ve opened your fucking mouth one too many times now! Time for you to pay for being such a big-mouthed fucking whore and bitch!”

I pushed him down on the bed, forced him over onto his stomach, and straddled him to keep him down. I looked back at Steve and said, “Get that lube over on the dresser.”

He went and got it and handed it to me. I squeezed out a generous amount onto my hand and ran my hand between Bruce’s ass cheeks. “That’s right bitch,” I said, “You know what’s coming.”

He was squirming underneath me but he wasn’t trying too hard, I knew he really wanted it. I worked my greased up fingers into his asshole and pushed them in and out to make sure he was lubed up good enough.

I handed the tube of KY to Steve, “Get that big tool of yours greased up, you got some fucking to do.” 

He kindly obeyed and I watched him stroke the jelly onto his cock while Bruce squirmed and wiggled under me. This was such a monstrous turn-on! My pussy was so wet by this time that I could see the juices running onto Bruce’s back and I suddenly realized that I hadn’t even touched myself once during this whole thing. I really had to start thinking about the important stuff!

Once Steve was good and greasy and leaned over and whispered in Bruce’s ear, “You’re gonna get it now, bitch. Think of all those times you had your cock in my ass while it’s happening.”

I looked at Steve, “Fuck him like the whore that he is, no need to be nice about it, he can take it.”

Steve didn’t seem to sure about that but he must have figured I knew what I was doing because he positioned himself on top of Bruce and pushed his cock between his ass cheeks. Bruce started to squirm a little more but once Steve cock his cock at the entrance to his asshole he stopped, knowing it would be best to relax and take it.

I watched as Steve began slowly pushing his cock into Bruce’s ass. Bruce let out a moan beneath me but I ignored it. He deserved whatever he got. This was taking too long, though, and I looked at Steve and said, “I told you to fuck him like a whore not like a prom date. Now ram that cock in there or I’m gonna make sure you get what he’s getting. Got it?”

Steve got it and without saying a word, he rammed his cock balls deep into Bruce’s ass. I watched Bruce stiffen and heard him say “Oh fuck!” as it happened. Steve began to slide his cock in and out, I could hear Bruce moaning, whimpering a little but as the strokes got deeper, and more regular I could tell that Bruce’s moans were sounding more like pleasure than pain. 

He started to push his ass up to meet Steve’s cock and he started saying, “Oh fuck yes, oh yes, damn….”

My pussy was so drenched by this time that I just had to get off somehow. I figured Bruce was being a good little slut and decided I could get myself taken care of and give him some relief too.

I got off Bruce’s back and told him to push his body up a little bit so I could get under him. He was more than happy to oblige. I wiggled my way under his body and turned around so that he was staring into my pussy and I had his hard cock over my face.

Once we were in position Steve started to pump again and I took Bruce’s cock into my mouth. I felt his tongue start in on my pussy and after all that had been happening it didn’t take long before I was pushing my hips up to meet his face and moaning around his cock. 

I almost instantly exploded into an orgasm and was working on a couple more. As I sucked Bruce’s cock, I could easily look up and see Steve’s cock going in and out of his asshole. The sight of it turned me on so much I could barely stand it and had another orgasm just watching it. 

I stopped sucking cock long enough to go up and lick Bruce’s balls and I put my hand around Steve’s shaft and stroked him while he fucked Bruce’s ass. I can only imagine how that must have felt to him. I figured that while I was there I might as well work both guys and I went and started licking Steve’s balls too. 

I began to alternate between the two of them, sucking Bruce’s cock, licking each of their balls, occasionally going all the way up, and giving Steve’s ass a little tongue action. All this time Steve’s thick cock was ramming into Bruce and Bruce’s tongue was taking very good care of my pussy.

I felt Steve start to move a little faster and could feel his body tense and his balls swell and knew he was about to cum. I wanted so much for my little bitch to cum with him so I immediately went down and started stroking and sucking his cock.

Bruce began to moan and had to take his tongue off my pussy, I don’t think he could concentrate on it anymore. He began to push his ass back onto Steve’s cock faster and faster and Steve was ramming up to meet him harder and harder. I felt Bruce’s cock swell up in my mouth and before I knew it, I felt his hot semen shooting down my throat.

I greedily swallowed all of it, looked up, watched Steve push one last time into Bruce’s ass, heard him moan, and knew he was cumming inside of my lover’s ass.

He pulled out just a bit and then pushed it back in hard and moaned again. I could see a small amount of cum leak out of Bruce’s ass and knew he had been filled up.

Steve collapsed on top of Bruce and in turn, Bruce collapsed on top of me. As hot as it was to have two naked men lying on top of me like that I couldn’t take it much longer and forced them off of me. I lay next to Bruce and looked in his eyes, “You liked that, didn’t you?”

“Yeah, it was better than I expected, hurt like hell at first though.”

“Well, next time you do what you’re told and be a good whore and you won’t get hurt. I’m going to have Steve on call for whenever I need him. If you get out of line, I’m going to have him come back and take care of you again. Only next time he won’t be so nice about it.”

He lay there, looked at me, and said, “Why wait until I get out of line?”

The End