 Crowded pubs on a Saturday night in the lead up to Christmas are the stuff of most people's nightmares. Everyone jostles to get to the bar to buy overpriced cocktails, different but somehow the same cheesy music churns out of the speakers in every bar and people are getting drunk and annoyingly disorderly early in the evening in the name of the holiday season.

And so it came to pass that my work "Christmas do" headed into one of these bars. I had just finished a sedate and rather uncomfortable meal as my colleagues and I didn't know what to say to each other over the table of one of those expensive chain restaurants and now it was the done thing that we all move on to down some cocktails and try and talk to each other over too-loud Christmas music. Still this was a much better evening than my usual ones, sitting in front of the TV with a beer or jerking off to internet porn.

I'm Graham, 44 year old, 5 foot 9 tall, divorced, a bit of a beer paunch (I really ought to take up some form of exercise), grey hair and working in a job that involves sitting in front of a computer all day juggling figures on spreadsheets. Not the most exciting job, but one I can do competently, and one that lets me keep my head down and earn the maintenance payments to send to my ex-wife. I've not had much luck with women since the divorce, perhaps because of my lack of self-confidence, or maybe because of my taste for a fuller figured woman. I had put on my best suit for this evening's gathering, dark charcoal and single breasted, quite modern (or so the salesgirl in Marks and Spencer had told me). A plain white shirt under this meant I was fairly inconspicuous and a red and green striped tie gave my outfit a little tip of the hat to the festive season.

After an interminable hour chatting inanely with my colleagues about office politics and restructures all my colleagues made their excuses and left, kids to look after and so on. I decided to stay and get drunk – no work tomorrow and no-one waiting for me at home. As I sat back with another beer (only my third so far this evening) I looked around the bar at the guys and girls out in their festive finery. Skinny girls in red or blue or green cocktail dresses stood near the bar with men circling around them like vultures, older women in their "little black dress", often with a strand of tinsel to add zest sat around at the tables while others were dancing in the side of the bar dedicated to music, with a big mirror ball spraying little lights all over the proceedings. That was when I saw what not only grabbed my attention but also caused a rising sensation in the trouser department.

Dancing under the mirror ball was a wide hipped and large busted beauty, looking divine in a silver and black dress that she seemed to barely fit into. Under this she was wearing what looked like sparkly tights and red high-heels. She looked to be about 5 feet 6 tall, her dark hair held in a tight bun. My eyes were drawn to her, particularly the deep cleavage that almost spilled out of the top of her silver cocktail dress. She was dancing with another chubby girl, this second girl had long blonde hair, was about 5 feet 4 and looked plump rather than properly full figured and was wearing a red sweater that her breasts seemed to fill nicely over a dark skirt with what appeared to be sheer tights or stockings and black heels. They both looked to be quite young, 30 max, both wearing a lot of makeup (in fact they looked a bit "tarty") and they were given a wide berth by the other revellers as they gyrated to the crass dance versions of Christmas songs.

I watched these two fulsome beauties for a good long while as they writhed near each other to the music. The two dancers captivated me and I gulped when the taller and fuller one nearly slipped over on the dance floor, only to be caught by beauty number 2. The awkward position that she fell into couldn't have given me a better view of the top of her chest, and as she struggled to regain her composure she looked over at me looking at her. I gave a feeble smile then looked away (if only briefly). When I looked back she had bent right over (away from me) to pick up her handbag. The view was amazing: her wide hips showing off a perfect full arse covered tightly in the spangled silver dress. She looked to be ready to leave the dance floor and as I watched both girls started to make their way to the bar. Time for more beer, I thought.

I made sure to approach the bar behind the two girls and soon we were surrounded by people pushing in to get to the bar. Girl 1 (brunette) was limping slightly so girl 2 (Blondie) was in front seeking to get to a place to buy some drinks. I positioned myself behind and slightly to the side of the sexy brunette and soon I was "being pushed" in her direction. This of course (as if by accident) gave me a superb view down her cleavage, and what a cleavage it was. On this closer inspection I estimated that her knockers had to be at least 44 GG, and the dress pushing them together so tightly made the cleavage enticing, along with some succulent tit flesh wobbling out of the top of the dress as the crowd moved, nudging us around as we tried to get to the bar. I could feel myself getting hard as I viewed this delectable sight, and couldn't resist the casual hand-touches-her-arse-by complete-accident move. As I copped a feel of her lovely booty she turned and looked me straight in the eye.

"Oi! – oh, its you, I wondered if you would have the balls to make a move" she said as the recognition from the dance-floor dawned. "Least you could do is offer me a drink before you grab my arse though!"

"Of course – what would you like? And your friend?" I asked

"We're both on the Christmas cocktails, cosmo for me and a rum punch for Bel, please "

"No problem, I'm staying on beer though... I'm Graham by the way..."

"Oh yeah sorry, I'm Tasha. Good to meet you Graham. I must say I do like an older man dressed smartly"

"Thanks, so its Tasha and Bel, good to meet you both" At this point Bel looked back and saw Tasha and I chatting, and smiled. I pushed forward in front of Tasha and told Bel I was getting the drinks in.

"Fine by me" was all I got in response as she pulled away from the bar and passed me, squeezing past me and briefly her plump chest was rubbing against me (which did nothing to allay my erection). As she moved past me I could smell her perfume as I looked down at the top of her head, she looked up and smiled again. I got the drinks and suggested that we retire to the smoking area outside as we could chat there without the loud music. They agreed and we went outside to the bar's patio, where they had been kind enough to install patio heaters for these cold December smokers.

As we chatted over a smoke, and then another, it was clear that these were not by any means the first cocktails the girls had consumed. I nipped into the bar and got some refills (5 beers for me now and I was beginning to feel it) and I came back for more chit chat.

"So tell us what you do, dressed up so smart" Tasha asked

"Nothing important, I work in an office, I'm much more interested in what you two do with yourselves, or how you got to know each other" 

"I've only just met you, I'm not telling you what I do with myself" Tasha answered with a cheeky grin "But if you play your cards right I might show you later. I met Bel years ago when we started work together at the department store – she works in the perfume department and I am on ladies wear"

"That explains why you both smell so good then, and why you're both dressed to kill" I responded.

"Well if you can't put a bit of effort in at Christmas..." Tasha replied coyly, Bel just smiled (she seemed to be the quieter of the two)

"Haven't you got a friend with you?" asked Bel after she sipped on her drink, clearly feeling a little put out that I was concentrating on Tasha

"Sorry, but I haven't. I would like to get to know both of you though, how about we get out of here so we can find out more about each other?" I asked hopefully

"Yeah come on Bel, I'm sure that Graham here has got some more booze at his house" Tasha added, looking to me for confirmation

"Well I've got plenty of beers in for Christmas, and there must be some Baileys or Vodka in the cupboards too I'm sure"

"Oh I don't know Tash" Bel answered "I don't want to play gooseberry and listen to you two having fun"

"Don't you worry about that pretty Lady" I jumped in "There's enough of me for both of you (I patted my paunch to show this was true), and I would really like to get to know what is going on with you under that quiet exterior"

Bel blushed a little (very sweetly) the quietly agreed, so I went off to find a taxi to get back to mine. When I returned the two girls were chatting away conspiratorially and abruptly stopped when I asked them to join me in the cab. I was about to get into the front of the cab with the two girls in the back, but Tasha was having none of that and insisted that I sit between them. Who was I to refuse such an offer?

So it was that I found myself in the back of a cab between two young plump beauties on our way back to my house for more "drinks". As the cab twisted and turned through the streets I couldn't keep my hands to myself, and either had a hand on Tasha's silvery tights when I was talking to her (and eying up her cleavage as discretely as I could which really wasn't very as her boobs jiggled every time we went over a bump), or on Bel's sheer clad leg when I was trying to get her to chat to me, she was shy alright, but seemed Ok with my hand on her leg. By contrast Tasha wasn't shy at all, and her hands travelled up and down my legs and even tousled through my grey hair as we chatted and she nuzzled against my shoulder when I was chatting with Bel.

When we got to my little house I paid the driver and the three of us went inside, Bel first then Tasha, and I followed watching that Big arse wobble from side to side. As soon as I had locked the door I turned and Tasha was there waiting for me. I looked down and saw here gorgeous big tits below her smiling face, and she simply said "give us a kiss for Christmas then". I leant down, took her face in my hands and gave her a soft and gentle kiss on the lips. That didn't last long though, and soon my tongue was exploring the depths of her throat, and one of my hands had somehow managed to find its way to her big arse, gently rubbing it. "We'd better go and see Bel" I said when I finally got free of her lips. "OK, you go" She responded "I'm off to the loo anyway, where is it?" I pointed to the smallest room and went off to find Bel

As I went into my lounge Bel was sat in the sofa looking a bit lost. I offered her a drink but she said that she didn't really want another one yet, so after taking off my suit jacket and putting a CD of "hits" on I went to join her on the sofa. Mine is an old and comfy sofa, and as I sat down the cushions moved and Bel found herself falling against me. I opened my arms and she fell into them, and soon I was kissing her softly. She was still very reserved though, and didn't offer an open mouth like Tasha had, so I gently stroked her hair and continued to gently kiss her.

Bel and I were still there softly kissing as Tasha entered the room. She came and joined us both on the couch, and as I looked up and down her body I noticed that she had removed her tights, showing bare and what looked like freshly shaved or waxed legs. I wondered to myself if this was all that she had removed when she was in the bathroom, and started rubbing one of her legs, slowly making my way upwards. 

"Ooh your legs are lovely and smooth" I noted

"Yeah, freshly shaven today, and all the way up too!" she responded. Bel seemed taken aback by this

"What? You've started shaving "down there" as well Tasha?"

"Oh yeah, just like the porn movies we watched the other night Bel, smooth as a babies bum!"

So the girls had been watching porn together? How intriguing! I asked what sort of thing they liked to watch, and as Bel blushed Tasha told me they loved to watch BBW hardcore and often wished it was them in the compromising positions they saw. I offered to find something for us to watch on my internet connected TV, but Tash was having none of this 

"Why watch when we could be doing" was all she said, and stood up, hiking her silvery cocktail dress up to show us that she had indeed removed her panties too, and had indeed shaved recently. Looking at the dark flesh of her pussy I couldn't resist but to lean forward and cup a hand under her. I love the feel of smoothly shaved flesh, and her plump cunt lips seemed to like to be touched too, soon my fingers were getting wet from her juices as I entered a digit, then another into Tasha as she stood before Bel and I. Not wanting to leave Bel out I turned to her and started to kiss her again, all the time pushing my fingers into her friend. Any resistance I had been getting from Bel soon disappeared and I had my tongue in her pretty mouth and a hand on one of her plump tits in no time.

Tasha pulled away from me, and my finger slipped out of her cunt. She knelt in front of me on the floor (as I continued to snog and grope Bel) and was soon unbuckling my belt and opening the fly on my suit trousers. B this time I was rock hard, and after a little wiggling about Tasha had released my stiff cock and pulling my foreskin down she started to lap at the top of my helmet.

"Let's help you out of that sweater" I said to Bel, and lifted her tight red top over her head, showing a delicate pink lace bra holding her delectable titties. Soon this was gone too and I saw her pretty plump tits for the first time. They were not large, little more than puppy fat really, were very firm and pointy with wide puffy pink nipples protruding from the end of each milky white breast. Bel leant back on the sofa as I moved to take one nipple then the other into my mouth, Tasha continuing to gobble on my knob as I explored her friend's chest. Letting go of Bel's delightful titties for a while I grabbed the bun that was holding Tasha's hair up and pushed her head down onto me. Bel grabbed my tie and pulled me back towards her, and as she held onto my tie I kissed her deeply, both hands holding Tasha's head as she licked up and down my hard shaft.

Tasha looked up from her gob job, smiled at Bel and I snogging and softly suggested that we retire to my bedroom. I of course agreed to this and led the two girls upstairs. 

"I need the bathroom" said Bel, and after I showed her where it was Tasha took my hand and we went into my room. Once inside the room Tasha suggested I help her out of the constriction of her dress, and I was quick to stand behind her and unfasten the long zip down the back of her silvery cocktail dress and let it drop to the floor where Tasha quickly stepped out of it. This had two effects: one was to place that beautiful big arse right in front of me, the other was to release the pressure holding her massive jugs in place. I dropped to my knees and started licking and kissing Tasha's sweet derriere, and as Tasha leant forward to allow me access to her nether regions, her big low swinging boobs were too tempting to resist a squeeze of around her waist.

I pushed her down onto my bed and as she turned to face me those big juicy melons came into full view. Laying on her back she really was a delight to behold. I looked down at this beauty lying prone on my bed, cute shaven minge, big floppy tits fallen down beside her plump belly, their large and deeply dark nipples crying out for attention. Without delay I was on top of Tasha, lifting and licking each titty globe all over in turn. Tasha held her tits up for me to lick them more, and soon my head was zigzagging between these two big floppy knockers, nibbling and slurping on her now erect nipples. I slid downwards, licking Tasha's big belly and making my way to her clean shaven hole where I licked the outer lips delicately before plunging 2 fingers into her wet hole and starting to nibble on her ripe clit. It was at this point that Bel walked in.

Bel had slipped out of her skirt and shoes, and was dressed only in a pair of lacy pink panties (that matched the bra that had been left on the sofa) and a pair of "hold up" black sheer stockings.

"Time you lost your clothes too, Gray!" she demanded, and as I stood to take off my shirt and trousers Bel knelt down where I had been and took my place licking Tasha's wet hole. Bel's white arse was sticking out behind her, and I gave it a hard slap on my way past, my destination at this point was to get my throbbing cock between Tasha's huge jugs. Tasha saw me coming and pushed her giant tits together. I straddled Tasha, and with Bel still licking away behind me began to slide my knob in Tasha's generous cleavage. As I titfucked Tasha's chest I felt one of Bel's hands slip under my arse and grab my ball bag, stroking me as I delighted in Tasha's titflesh. I was in seventh heaven, and the next thing I felt was Bel's tongue between my arse cheeks as Tasha leant down to lick the tip of my cock as it emerged time and again out the top of her cleavage. With this intense and unexpected pleasure I soon felt the familiar rumbling of readiness in my balls and before I knew it I was shooting a stream of white cum all over Tasha's big tanned funbags, with the force of my second squirt shooting cum into Tasha's face and hair. 

I removed myself from the tangle of bodies and looked down at the stickiness on Tasha, and as I watched Bel moved up and lapped at the cum on Tasha's saggy tits. I knew I would not be soft for long watching these scenes unfold on my bed, and took the opportunity to nip out for a slash. When I returned I was delighted to see that Bel's knickers were on the floor and the girls were engaged in a 69, with Tasha (not surprisingly) on top and taking the lead, and Bel lapping at her from underneath facing me. I was as expected hard again in no time and stepped up behind where Bel was lapping at Tasha, and started to nudge my dick against Tasha's lovely big arse. Bel grabbed my turgid member and took it towards her mouth, taking turns in licking me then Tasha's hole.

I asked the girls to kneel on the bed in front of me, and they followed my instruction, both sticking their arses out in front of me. I knelt down and started licking the girls arses and cracks from behind, rubbing their juices up between their buttocks with my fingers. "Fuck Me Now!" Bel demanded, ad I wasted no time in getting my dick balls deep into Bels sweet hole (delightfully frames by her stockings and with soft Blonde hair all around it), and leaning over licked my thumb and pressed this into Tasha's areshole. After a few strokes I swapped places and entered Tashas shaven cunt from behind, this time sticking my other thumb into Bel's waiting arse. As I had just come, I was able to hold onto teasing both girls in turn for a good while, taking turns between their fat thighs and agitating their arseholes with my thumbs. As I looked down I also saw the two of them kissing each other and feeling up each others tits, which only made me the more horny.

"OurTurn" Tasha demanded, and ordered me to lie flat on the bed. Doing what I was ordered I soon had Tasha lowering her swollen smooth pussy onto my hard rod, with Bel lowering her sweet furry hole onto my face. Lifting my hands up to cup Bel's fat arse I tongue fucked her pussy and ass as Tasha expertly pumped up and down on my cock. I couldn't see much but I'm sure I heard the slurping of the two girls kissing as they rode me from both ends. Soon I could hold on no longer and feeling me tense up Tasha instructed me to let go, so I shot another wad of creamy cum into her as I kept my tongue in Bel's sweet pussy.

I was totally sated by this point, and suffice to say that I fell asleep with a smile on my face, with the girls either side of me, a slump of plump naked bodies, and a very Happy Christmas!