 It's not gay if it's a three-way (the rematch)




After my night of Christmas debauchery with Tasha and Bel I didn't hear from either of them for a while. I guess they were hooked up with family seasonal holiday things. So I spent the festive season mainly alone with my TV, apart from the one day I got to see my kids and see how little the money I had spent meant to them. So I got back into the routine of work in front of a screen in relative silence all day, and BBW porn and beer in the evenings.

About a week into the new year, Tuesday, I got a phone call from Tasha, asking if I had a good Christmas and inviting me over to her place for dinner on Saturday night. I of course accepted in a flash and started to picture myself stood behind her big squishy arse, pumping hard into her while I groped her massive tits like I had that night of the Christmas party. This fuelled my fantasies for the intervening days, and from Thursday onwards I played with myself regularly, but stopped before I came so that I had plenty stored up for what I hoped would be a shag-tastic Saturday night.

Saturday afternoon came and I was getting myself ready for a good night's fun and games by shaving my cock and balls (Tasha's clean shaven pussy had given me the idea when I had been with her before, and I was finding it quite liberating) when the phone rang.

"Hi Baby" (it was Tasha) "Hope you don't mind, but one of my black friends is in town tonight and I have invited them to join us for the evening?"

"Mind? Of course not!" I said as my mind began to race at the thought of more three way fun "I've yet to taste the dark meat"

"Well I'm sure you can have much more than a taste later baby, make sure you are ready for us!" 

"Will be ready, willing and able – should I bring anything particular?"

"Just a bottle of wine and your hard dick will go a long way, see you at 7 baby."

The rest of the day dragged terribly as I watched the clock count down til I jumped in my car and drove across town to the address Tasha had given me (seemed to be in a nice area). It being a Saturday I had dressed casually for the evening's encounter – just a pair of blue jeans and a freshly ironed polo shirt, I had even left off my boxers as I was on a sure thing. I arrived at 7 on the dot and knocked on the door of what seemed to be a luxury apartment). Tasha answered wearing a very revealing while halter neck top that displayed her large tits wonderfully, and a pair of "jeggings" (denim style leggings) that clung to her fat arse and left nothing to the imagination. She had no shoes on and I could see that she had painted her toenails a dark scarlet colour (matching her fingernails). She was immaculately made up, and wore her dark hair straight, down around her shoulders. I presented her with a bottle of chilled white wine and went to kiss her, and she threw her arms around my neck and rubbed her big tits into my chest as she reciprocated. 

She invited me in and showed me round her spacious flat – large lounge dining area with low black leather sofas, a big bathroom with a freestanding bath and just one king size bedroom housing a plush looking wooden framed bed with cream satin sheets and bedclothes. It was clear that she lived alone, and that her friend was yet to show up. We wandered back into the lounge area and I took a seat on the low sofa as Tasha got us both a drink then joined me.

After a couple of sips of the wine Tasha and I were entwined in each other's arms, tongues down each other's throats and my hands all over her gigantic tits. As I pulled away and ducked my head down to start licking the top of her tanned knockers she lay back to allow me access and whispered in my ear.

"I sure hope that you're going to like my friend, Sam and I do get up to some naughty things together"

Still gobbling on her tit flesh I replied that I was ready to join in the fun, and how much I had enjoyed our last evening together.

Tasha replied that she knew I would be game after the fun we had together, and that we could share a feast of dark meat together.

I pulled one of her giant boobs out of the halter neck and started to nibble greedily on her hard dark nipple, looking up into her eyes and telling her I would be willing to do anything for her.

"Ooh that feels good Gray – keep that up and I will be coming in no time at all. You do know I love to be in charge, don't you? Sso will you agree to do whatever I say this evening?"

"Oh yeah" I replied, massaging her big wobbly tit and licking it all over "anything you say baby"

Just then there was a knock at the door and Tash got up and realigned her tits into place before going to answer the door. 

"You stay here and get comfy baby" Tasha said and had a quick feel of my hard cock through my jeans. "You get this little hard fella out and ready and Sam and I will be back for some serious playtime in a minute! Sam loves it in the arse by the way..."

Tasha sauntered off towards the door and as I watched her big wobbly arse swing from side to side in her leggings as she turned the corner towards her doorway I unzipped and got my cock out, not believing the luck I had in finding myself in this situation.

"Hi Sam!" I heard her say from round the corner "I've got Gray all prepared for us, he's round the corner here with his hard white cock out ready for action"

I was indeed ready and as I sat back on Tasha's sofa stroking my hard smoothly shaven cock picturing the three way fun that I was about to embark on, including some anal by the sound of it, I saw Tash re-enter the room with her big tits swaying under her top, followed by a tall, dark, bearded black man dressed in simple jeans and T-shirt. 

"Gray, this is Sam" Tasha said, matter of factly "He's another of my boy toys, and tonight you are both going to make me happy.

Surprised isn't really enough to cover the shock that I felt as this big black guy walked over towards me on the sofa. I instinctively went to cover up my cock with my arm. I've never had any kind of bisexual experiences, and hadn't even though of it. I was expecting some BBW fun like the last time, so was quite put out by the presumption Tasha had made. I went to get up from the sofa 

"Too late for that – we both saw how hard you are" Tasha smiled pushing me back "Now uncover your fat cock again so that I can give it a suck." She pushed me right back on the sofa, and as I sat red faced she pulled my arm away, freeing my rapidly shrinking knob.

"Now that won't do, will it Gray" she said and knelt down in front of me "We're going to need that hard again". She leant forward, showing off the top of her tits to me as she got onto her knees and taking hold of my cock started to lick it up and down.

"Sam - get yourself a drink and come over and join us!" Tasha ordered and then took my slowly rising cock into her pretty mouth. Her expert technique soon had me hard again, no matter who her other guest was, and I started to fuck her mouth in earnest as she took my shaven balls into her hand and squeezed them as she drooled on my now erect dick. Pulling away but still wanking me of she looked down at my knob

"Ooh that's better, and you have even shaved yourself for us! What do you thing Sam,?"

"Looks like a very pretty white dick to me Tash" Sam said, and looking me in the eye said "Hi Gray – would you mind if I join in?"

Not sure I just looked at Tasha who winked at me as Sam knelt down and kissed her. Soon they were both licking me and kissing each other, one of them on either side of my engorged dick, their tongues often meeting as they both slurped together. I have to admit that I was finding this very erotic, if somewhat strange, and the tickling feeling of Sam's beard on the skin of my thighs was making me, if anything, harder still.

"I knew you would love this Gray" Tash said and stood up, leaving Sam on his knees licking me. As I watched Tasha released the knot of her halter top behind her neck and her fabulously large saggy tits spilled out, their big dark nipples hard and juicy. She wiggled out of the top and then brought those big titties over to my face and as she smothered me with her boobs I felt my cock going into Sam's mouth for the first time.

"Gray – Suck my fat tits!" Tasha ordered, and I complied with her demand, lifting my arms so that I could push the sides of her big saggy tits together and licked them all over, biting softly at first, then a little more forcefully on the dark teats. All the while I was doing this Sam continued to suck me off, one of his rough hands holding on to my balls, and I must say, I was thoroughly enjoying myself.

Tasha pulled away from my tit-sucking and ordered me to strip and lie down on the sofa. I was getting quite hot under the collar so did as I was told, and Sam also stripped as I did. Tasha oversaw us both, watching and gently rubbing her gigantic tits and licking her lips as Sam released his own hard dick, and he was circumcised. My eyes were drawn to his knob, I've never seen a black guy up close before, and soon we were both naked, with our dicks hard.

"Gray – I want to see you return the favour Sam just gave you!" Tasha ordered, and Sam came over to where me head was lying on Tasha's leather sofa, and lowered his knob in front of my face. I tentatively put out a hand to touch him, and as I did so he thrust forward and into my grasp. Here I was, with a black guy's big circumcised dick in my hand! Sam looked down at me.

"Go on Gray –You know you want it!" 

I lifted my head and cautiously stuck out my tongue. Sam pushed forward again, and soon I was licking the top of his helmet. I stroked up and down his shaft a bit, and continued to lick at the top of his dick, round the crown, and sticking my tongue out I slurped over the eye of his knob which was starting to seep out some salty pre cum. Sam pushed himself forward again, and soon I had his big black dick in my mouth, sucking it like I had seen Tasha sucking mine just half an hour or so ago.

Tasha seemed to be enjoying this too, and she sat up near my head and started to strip of her jeggings. As I continued to gobble on Sam's big hard knob Tasha pulled one leg out of her trousers then peeled off the other, and spread her legs wide, showing me her shaven pussy. As Sam mouth fucked me I saw Tasha watching and she lowered one of her hands and started to frig herself right beside me head. I could smell her pussy juices, as I continued to suck Sam, and when Tasha told Sam to "dive in" Sam bent over and started licking her now sodden cunt. 

Between licks of Tasha's wet hole Sam turned round and told me to have a feel of his arse. Curious as to what it would feel like I put my arm through his spread legs and continuing to suck him I pushed a couple of fingers up between his buttocks. They were surprisingly hairy, and I found this to be both unusual and arousing. Pulling my hand back I licked my fingers and stared again, delving between his arse cheeks seeking out his anus. To the sound of Sam loudly slurping at Tasha I found the little rose of his arse and started to insert a finger. Sam pushed back against my hand and soon I had a finger up his arse as well as his cock in my mouth.

Tasha pulled back from Sam. As she stood up she looked at me and Sam so intimately engaged and smiled a wicked grin, licked her lips again and told us to come with her. As Sam pulled out of my mouth I extricated my hand from his arse and we both stood. Tasha grabbed hold of both of our cocks, and walking backwards with her big tits jiggling about she led us into her bedroom.

Once in her room Tasha climbed up onto her bed, and kneeling in the doggy position ordered Sam and I to get each end of her. I plumped for her bottom end, and soon I was behind her fat arse, slowly pushing my now hard again cock into her tight wet pussy, while she gobbled on Sam's cock at the other end of the bed. Leaning forward I grabbed at her saggy tits as I fucked her, pinching her nipples hard. She seemed to groan, but the sound of this was mingled in with the gobbling noises as she sucked Sam. I pulled back and slapped her fat arse hard as I then slammed into her, and repeating this with each hand and either fat buttock I continued to push harder and harder into her, the force of which was pushing Sam back towards the headboard. Soon I could take it no more, and letting out a guttural groan I came hard into her tight wet pussy. After the first shot deep into her I pulled out my cock and my second shot went all over the red mark that I had left on her right buttock from my slaps.

As my cock withered away post cum, Tasha released Sam's knob (how had he not cum yet?) and told Sam and I that we were swapping positions. I went to swap with Sam, but Tasha stopped me

"No darling – you are swapping with ME, Gray! Get yourself in the doggy position on the bed here!"

I had said that I would do what she asked (and to be honest I was really enjoying the evening) so I did what Tasha told me to, and soon I was again sucking on Sam's cock, and Tasha was behind me gently rubbing her fat tits against my arse and giggling. As I got into my strike I cupped one hand around Sam's balls and started to wank him with my other hand as I sucked his big black cock, and Tasha lowered herself and started to lick between my arse cheeks. Soon I could feel Tasha's tongue against my arsehole, and as she rimmed me she started to slap my arse like I had hers, softly at first, then with increasing force as she pulled her tongue away and replaced it with a finger, slowly pushing it a digit at a time into my wet arsehole.

"Right my BoyToys, time to switch positions again!" Tasha ordered, and as I went to move Tasha ordered me to stay where I was, as Sam and she were "switching ends". Just as she ordered, soon I found her spreading her chubby thighs in front of me and inviting me to dive into her sodden cunt. Looking up at Tasha laying prone with her big tits sagging either side of her plump belly I leaned forward and started to lick my own cum out of her fat pussy, and as I did so I felt Sam's hard cock nudging against my arse. I felt a warm and wet feeling between my buttocks as Sam spit on my anus and then he was lowly entering me. I have never had a cock up inside me before, and I loved it! 

The feeling of Sam's hard black meat inside my arse spurred me on to lap at Tasha cunt faster, and soon I was nibbling in her clit and had a finger inside her too, squidging around her wet fanny as I was rammed from behind by Dynamo Sam. I got into a rhythm with Sam and soon was rocking back against his cock with gusto, and he was holding on to my hips as he thrust himself deeper inside me. I continued to suck on Tasha's swollen slitoris, and she was screaming as she came, and that seemed to push Sam over the edge too, and soon I felt Sams hot juices squirt up inside my arse, the first of many I hoped!

"Right you boys, who wants some dinner? I've got some steaks in the fridge, and I think that Gray here could use a beer" Tasha said as she slowly rose from her satin covered (now sweat soaked) bed. 

"Damn straight!" was all I could answer.

"Maybe not as straight as you thought though..." added Sam with a cheeky wink.