  I wrote this in two days, in between other work. It's about a loving couple who try role-playing a rape fantasy. Cute ending. I didn't bother editing it, though. Better stuff coming soon.

 _____________

This Isn't What It Looks Like

 Michelle and I had been drunk and laughing it up in the hotel lobby. Having only just arrived in Memphis earlier that afternoon, we'd only settled into the hotel, taking advantage of the pool and bar. We were saving the sightseeing for tomorrow. Fifteen years together and Michelle and I still acted new lovers and best friends. 

 "I'm gonna go upstairs, slip out of this dress and wait for you. What do you think of that?" Michelle said, while playfully fiddling with the top button of my shirt.

 "I'm pretty drunk," I said. "May need to give me a while to sober up. Why don't you get started without me?"

 "Oh, you want me to play with myself?" she whispered.

 "You are to cum no fewer than three times. I'll give you an hour. Then turn off the lights and go to bed. You're getting a surprise visitor tonight."

 "You mean?"

 I looked my wife up and down. At 39 and after two kids, she was still very fit, with perky b-cups. I then looked her in the eyes. "Here's a fantasy for you. You're alone on a business trip. You're horny, so you fuck yourself and finally go to sleep... only to be woken up to your pussy being drilled. Relentlessly. He's going to take you and use you like a piece of meat."

 "This sounds interesting," said Michelle, raising an eyebrow. So cute when she does that, I thought.

 "I think so, too."

 "On one condition," said Michelle.

 "What's that?"

 "You have to get loud."

 Michelle used to love getting loud when we fucked when we were younger. In our college dorm days, her nickname was "Screamer." She got off on others hearing her and she often encouraged me to get vocal, too. I thought it was all in good fun and participated to her heart's desire. It had been a while since she'd last ask me to do this for her, though.

 Just then, we heard a commotion coming from one of the booths. A beefy jock-looking fellow with a fake tan pounded his fist on the table and pushed the girl sitting across from away as she was trying to reach for him. I couldn't help but notice her huge tits swinging back and forth as he jostled away from her. He stood up and stormed out of the pub, leaving the woman alone almost in tears. She began to gather her purse and quietly picked up the bill from the table before walking past us. Looked like their night had been ruined, I thought.

 I turned my attention back to Michelle. "Okay, get going. I'll give you an hour."

 Michelle jolted up while giggling excitedly, then winked at me and scurried off to the elevator. She would be fucking herself in no time, I thought and I couldn't wait to play out this fantasy. Sneaking in, feeling my way through the room in the darkness, removing the blanket and accosting her from behind, slamming my thick cock into that wet pussy.

 An hour later, well past 11 p.m. and after two more drinks I shouldn't have had, I stepped out of the elevator on the second floor and turned right. I knew our room was the first door past the elevator. I reached to find my keycard when I noticed Michelle had left the door just ajar enough that it hadn't locked in place. I figured she was really playing this fantasy to the limit. An "unknowingly" opened door would explain how a stranger had found his way into her room. I had to admit my wife had quite an imagination.

 I quietly shut the door behind me and then slowly dropped to me knees. The room was pitch dark and I had to carefully crawl across the floor to make my way to the bed. Once I found it, I quickly and quietly disrobed before pulling the sheet and blanket back. Though it was very dark, I could just make out the shape of my wife's legs. So thin and firm. 

 I placed my hand on the back of her thigh, running it up her leg until I reached her ass. It felt firmer than normal and I made a note in my head to remember to congratulate her on the results she was getting from her new training program. She's recently picked up running. Staying in character, I pulled her shoulders flat, keeping her positioned with her back against me. I heard her first groan, as if she was waking up from a nap. Maybe she had actually nodded off, I thought. That made this even more fun. Not wanting to give her a moment to object I forced myself on top of her and rammed my already stiff cock into her pussy. As expected, it was very wet, no doubt from her masturbating earlier.

 Michelle acted so surprised and let out an unusual, deep cry. It was amazing to me that by just adding some fantasy into our sex lives, how unique our experiences could be. How it didn't feel like we were fucking the same person, or at least the same way, all the time. It kept the marriage fresh. This was one of the reasons I felt our relationship was so strong, that we were willing to explore fantasies. Tonight, it almost felt like Michelle was playing the role of a totally different woman other than herself. 

 At first, she played the fantasy out exactly as I expected. With groans and grunts (albeit I didn't expect such guttural sounds from her), and fighting to kick me off her. But once she knew I was not going to stop pumping her pussy, she finally set back and began slamming her pussy on me with my thrusts. She got into a rhythm that was foreign to me from all our other sexual experiences, yet it worked and I never felt like I had been so deep inside her.

 I then remembered she had requested I get loud. I began grunting and then started with some dirty talk, getting louder and louder.

 "This pussy is mine," I yelled. "You better cum all over my cock, you bitch." I too was behaving much differently than my natural self, so now I better understood how she was able to get into the role. "Did you hear me, you slut? You are going to cum on me. And then you are going to swallow my cum. I don't want one drop of DNA evidence to be found, do you understand me."

 As I continued ramming, Michelle slowly stopped, allowing me to do all the work, just pounding into her. She finally squeaked out, "Okay."

 She was really playing the role, I thought. She didn't sound like herself at all. She didn't sound like the confident Michelle I knew, but instead a weak, submissive girl. I almost I'd turned the lights on before we had started, so I could see her performance and not just feel it and hear it. I began pumping harder and got even louder.

 "Are you going to cum on me?" I yelled, ensuring anyone in the next room, hell, maybe the whole floor, could hear me. At this point, I didn't care.

 "Yes!" she cried. "Yes! Yes!"

 And just as Michelle was about to cum on my cock, a woman barged into the room screaming. She flipped on the overhead light switch next to the door. I recognized the sound of the scream.

 "What the fuck is going on?" Michelle yelled.

 I was looking at my wife. She was the one who had barged into the room, which meant the girl I was fucking was not my wife. The girl who was bent over with my cock dep inside her was looking over her shoulder, up at me now. She was completely naked and her tits thrust out heavily to the side of her, squashed from facing the bed.

 I looked back at Michelle and then back to the girl I was fucking again.

 "Oh my God!" I screamed. "This is not what it looks like, I swear!"

 Michelle was furious. My cock was deep inside this other girl who I now recognized as the one who had gotten in the fight with that man in a booth earlier that night. She had sulked out of the room after being dumped or something.

 "What do you mean this isn't what it looks like? You're fucking another woman, Brian!"

 While I tried to explain, I didn't dare move from my predicament. I was as appalled I had ben fucking someone other than my wife as she was. 

 "I thought I was fucking you!" I said. "I swear, I came to the door, noticed you'd left it open, made my..."

 "That lock is broken," interrupted the woman in front of me, whom I was still submerged into.

 "Uh, okay," I said. "That explains a lot. Anyway, I crawled on the floor to the bed, stripped off, and then forced myself on you just like we agreed to."

 Michelle's face was beet red and her eyes were almost watering over. She crossed her arms as she listened to me. I was just grateful she was allowing me to talk.

 "I started fucking you. You fought. But then you stopped fighting. I even got loud like you asked!"

 "Brian, this is not our room!"

 "Well, I know that now. I thought we were the first one past the elevator."

 "Yeah, on the OTHER side of the elevator! You're telling me you turned right instead of left? You idiot! You expect me to believe that? While you're fucking some beautifully hot woman? You expect me to believe this was an accident?" Michelle was just wearing her bathrobe and the belt was beginning to loosen as she shifted her hands to her hips.

 Before I could respond, the woman said, "Uh, you think I'm hot? Really? Because that's what I keep getting in fights with, with my boyfriend over. Well... ex-boyfriend. He doesn't think I'm hot enough for him."

 As the woman spoke, I wondered if I should slide my hard, throbbing cock out of her. It would be embarrassing to force Michelle to witness that. I obviously wasn't thinking clearly. Of course, leaving my cock in her was just as bad.

 The girl interrupting us had shifted the attention top her and Michelle asked, "What? What are you saying? Ex-boyfriend? Did you seduce my husband after I left the bar?"

 "No, no," said the girl, lifting up. Her tits now hung below her as she looked up at my wife. She was on all fours and I was still deep inside her. "What he is saying is true. Yes, my boyfriend broke up with me tonight, but I came straight to my room. I don't even know your husband!"

 "It looks like you know him pretty well to me!" shouted Michelle, her eyes opened wide.

 "Ma'am!" shouted the girl, asserting herself. "Let it be known I am the one being victimized here. Do you realize just a moment ago I thought I was being taken by some pervert, used against my will... but now even I can see what happened here. I am sorry, but this is just a chain of unfortunate coincidences and events."

 "What do you mean?" I asked, butting in.

 The girl shifted up a yet bit more, looking over her shoulder up at me. I had to admit she was crazy hot, thin waist, yet full figure. Her boyfriend dumped her over her looks? He was insane.

 "Well, it is just as likely this could have been an empty room and nothing would have happened. You would have figured it out and made your way back to your actual room. Instead, you entered the wrong room to play out a rape fantasy with your wife when another woman was here instead. Me. So this whole time I thought I was actually being raped, while you thought you were just playing out a fantasy."

 "Wait, so does this mean you aren't actually getting raped?" asked Michelle. Apparently, even she was beginning to make sense of this mess.

 The woman looked at Michelle, then back up at me. I could have sworn she moved her hips in such a way as to purposefully get another half pump in. "Well, I don't actually know, I don't guess."

 Then it hit me. I had indeed ben forcing myself upon a stranger. She had fought back - and hard = in the beginning of our altercation. But I had thought it was just Michelle playing the role of victim, playing out the fantasy of being forced.

 "Oh my goodness," I said. "I am so, so sorry. It just now really hit me how terrible you must feel." I looked the girl in the eyes. "How scared you must have been."

 "Brian, you said some really awful things to her," Michelle said. "That's how I heard you and found you. I heard every word! You have never talked like that to me before."

 "He told me I had to cum on him," squeaked the woman. "I thought I was going to have to do that."

 "I am so sorry," I repeated. "That is so humiliating and I wouldn't want you to think that's who I really am." It was perhaps ironic that I was saying these words as my dick was still throbbing inside this woman's vagina.

 Michelle made her way closer to the bed, now clearly half her robe had drooped over, exposing the inner curves of her breasts and a hint of areola.

 "Brian, you're an idiot. I don't know if I can forgive you for this. Is your cock still hard inside her like that?"

 And there it was. I saw divorce papers in store.

 "Yes," I said. "I suppose I should pull out. Is that okay with you, ma'am?" I asked.

 She nodded her head and said, "I guess."

 I pulled out when Michelle answered back. "You guess?"

 "Well, I have to be honest. That was really hot and I was getting into it before you came in. I know I shouldn't have, but I couldn't help it. Ma'am, you are a very lucky woman."

 I almost blushed.

 Michelle looked up at me. She finally nodded once and said, "Go ahead. But you have to let me watch."

 "Really?" asked the woman. She looked back up at me. "Is that okay? Will you?"

 I was nervous, but I managed to snake my way back into her pussy, feeling my shaft thicken up once again. I began pumping, but this time not as hard. Not yet.

 "He said he was going to make my swallow his cum," said the woman, looking up at Michelle. "I don't like doing that, but I do like doing this. Thank you for this."

 Then Michelle really surprised me. She opened her robe, fully exposing herself. "You're going to fuck my husband and swallow his load if he tells you. No... If *I* tell you. It's the price you pay for having the privilege."

 As the woman's tits swung to and fro with my ever increasing rhythm, she finally responded. "Okay.... Okay... I'll swallow him, I promise. Just... use me. Make me cum. Make me cum hard."

 Michelle dropped to her knees at the bed and began groping the woman's tits.

 "I wanna feel them. I always wanted big tits like these. Brian, don't you think I would look great with big tits like these?" 

 I watched as Michelle was unapologetically groping the good, twisting the nipples and pulling on then to her tongue. She made circles around the nipple before clamping down and sucking. It sent a rush of blood to my cock. I felt like I might tear the poor woman's open.

 But she just groaned in pleasure and I felt a tightening in her walls, almost as if her orgasm was forcing my cock out of her pussy. I held firm, digging in deeper. Her quivering pussy massaged my shaft like a motor and I finally pulled out.

 "I'm going to cum!" I yelled.

 "Now, bitch," said Michelle, grabbing the woman by her hair and turning her towards me. Just in time for me to thrust my cock into her open mouth, unleashing a river of thick fluid into her throat. "Every drop!" screamed Michelle. "Every single drop. Don't you take that mouth off his cock until he is done!"



Michelle, playing a role so out of character, turned me on to no end and I found another quick orgasm escaping my cock, being gulped down in gaggles and coughs by this poor woman. She was doing her best to keep up, yet still some escaped her lips, dribbling down her chin.

 I finally pulled away from her mouth and let out a breath of relief.

 "You think you're off the hook?" asked Michelle.

 Uh oh, I thought. Maybe she wasn't going let me off so easy. 

 "But... but... you made us finish!"

 Michelle and the girl burst out laughing hysterically.

 "This is Bunny Clyde. She works with me at the theatre. We planned this out ages ago. Well, not the forced roleplay... that was improvisation. She was originally going to surprise and join us in the hotel room, my gift to you. The bit with the angry boyfriend was all just acting. Bunny and I had essentially staged a scenario for a threesome. But when you suggested fantasy roleplay, we came up with this scheme off the cuff. This is actually our room, Brian. I knew what was happening all along.

 I sat there stunned for a full minute, not saying a word. My cock was still half-mast and hanging in plain view of the both of them. 

 "Should I be mad?" I finally asked, calmly.

 "No," said Bunny. "You should be grateful for having the most awesome wife on the planet."

 Michelle giggled from the flattery and hopped over to me. "I hope you're not mad. I was thinking there's still plenty of time to play out the fantasy we planned, too." She looked at Bunny, smiling, then back at me. "It's a bit more vanilla than this fantasy, but I promise it will be fun."

 "I'm sure it will," I said, responding with a wide grin and eyeing the both of them. Two uniquely different bodies, yet equally attractive women. I felt like the luckiest man on earth, indeed. 

 "We might have to extend our vacation," I said.