 The young girl slid her legs from underneath Holly and walked towards Sherri and I. She smiled at Sherri and rolled me over onto my back. She straddled Sherri's limp and sweaty body and gave her the same slow sensuous kiss Holly had received not long before. She broke the kiss and crawled on top of me into a similar position. While she was kissing me I felt her hand on my dick, not tugging but removing the condom. 

Lisa, the young lady, answered my questioning look with "Tony came inside your girlfriend, now you will cum inside me. It's only fair." With that she lowered her pussy onto the head of my dick. Now I'm average sized but she was tight so the sensations were phenomenal. Playing with Holly and watching Tony must have turned her on. She was wet and ready.

After Lisa planted herself completely on my dick she started a slow rocking motion forward and back. The advice I would give to a younger man is allow your partner to do this on her own. It feels good and don't worry, you're hitting the right spot. Don't thrust. Don't go crazy on the nipples or the clit unless she directs you to. Put your hands behind your head or lightly on her legs and enjoy the view. If you reward a lady with an orgasm she has controlled, you will be rewarded also. After some time, Lisa was moving slightly faster but kept a steady rhythm. I felt a weight shift in the lounger near my feet. Upon opening my eyes Sherri had knelt behind Lisa and starting kissing her neck and ears. She then slowly and lightly reached around to tease the bottom of Lisa's heaving breasts. Take note guys, she didn't attack the nipples, she teased the underside. Lisa's pace picked up and some sweat was visible on her chest and face. Sherri took this as a sign to step things up and placed her pointing finger just above Lisa's clit. With a light and slow up and down motion she added to the little gymnast's pleasure. Lisa then grabbed my hands and placed them directly on her own nipples. Being a fast learner I kept the touch light and varying, avoiding too many repetitive strokes. The hips moved faster and the head went back. Sherri ceased this chance to kiss her neck. 

Barely audible Lisa requested "faster please!" and both of us obliged her. Now remember faster doesn't necessarily mean harder. It was a matter of seconds before Lisa arched her back and let out a quiet squeal that signaled a powerful orgasm. She slumped forward so Sherri and I halted our joint attack. 

After a minute of recovering her breath Lisa kissed me with the same passion the other ladies had experienced. And what a kiss it was. She raised her hips slightly and whispered it was my turn. I now started a straight up thrusting with a slow steady rhythm not wanting this amazing morning to end. But Sherri had a different plan. She had slid down my legs behind Lisa and starting fondling my aching balls. Combine this with a few kisses in the insides of my legs and the occasionally light touch between my balls and ass and I couldn't help but increase my pace. Lisa whispered in my ear to fill her with my cum and Sherri worked my balls even faster. The combined stimulation and knowing that both ladies were taken care of left me no choice but to explode inside the young woman's amazing pussy. My hips were frozen in the up position and my abdominals strained to push even further. After the stars faded from my vision and my hips returned to the cushion Sherri joined Lisa and I in a three-way kiss. It was incredible.

While recovering, kissing and getting comfortable I heard Holly say "No, not again!". When the three of us looked to the next lounger we were surprised to see Holly folded in half with her feet up around her head and Tony straight as a board with only his hands and feet contacting the cushion. This caused his muscles to flex and get into her abused pussy even deeper. Oddly, Holly didn't protest any further. The young stud was delivering her pleasure at an amazing speed and had the awareness to deliver a passionate kiss at the same time. The only countermove she could deliver was to grab his hair and run her fingers through the dark, shiny curls. He was in control again and she knew it.

With amazing stamina, he stayed in that position for several minutes and used his free hips to deliver blow after blow. Holly's toes curled and she returned his passionate kiss. Her body tensed but stayed trapped under her piledriving stud. Orgasm number two was just as devastating as the first. She didn't have time to relax as the young man began moaning and pulled his lips from hers to look down and admire his handiwork. The visual of his hard dick plowing into a beautiful woman was too much and for the second time he delivered his cum into my lady. After he relaxed he rolled over and allowed Holly's legs to lay flat. They both rolled onto their sides to spoon and face our threesome who was still in awe of the live sex scene that had just happened. There were smiles all around and gentle kisses delivered.

None of us had any idea of the time that had passed nor did we care. After several minutes of recovering the gate slammed and brought us back to reality. A sleepy-eyed Derek walked towards us and smiled. Simultaneously, the three ladies got off the loungers and approached the thin but attractive man. Sherri gave him his first kiss of the day as Holly and Lisa removed his shorts.

As he was pushed down onto a third lounger, Tony and I commented "Your next, it's only fair!"