 Anita lay naked on the bed, her body trembling with anticipation. Her small breasts heaved against her chest as she looked at him. Her eyes focused on his finger tips as they reached into the waistband of his black boxer briefs. A fairly significant bulge stuck out. She knew it was going to hurt. But she didn't care. She wanted to feel a cock inside her for the very first time. It was Alicia who suggested Bobby.

Bobby and Anita had known each other for about a year, they met through Alicia. She had introduced them at work. At the time, Bobby and Alicia were dating. They were an odd couple, polar opposites yet the attraction was undeniable.

The relationship between Anita and Bobby was just as curious. They constantly bickered and argued with each other. Bobby's best friend once said "If anyone had seen the way you two acted towards each other, there's no doubt they would consider it foreplay".

Of course he denied it, but deep down there was a sexual attraction between him and Anita. He looked down at her now, with her legs spread open up on the bed, eyes fixated on his cock. He crawled up on the bed, kissing her slowly as he repositioned himself on the bed. He gently kissed her breast, tasting her round nipple in his mouth. He listened as Anita moaned softly, almost whispering.


"Go slow", she said as she felt the head of his cock against her pussy lips. He pushed forward, feeling the resistance. Bobby saw a tear drop in her eye. He stopped pushing. "Don't stop, keep going", she whimpered. Bobby pushed forward again. She was incredibly tight around him as her hymen began stretching. Anita wrapped her arms around him.

Bobby was afraid of hurting her. Not only was this her first time, but she was very petite. Bobby didn't put all his weight down on her as he thrust slowly into her.

Anita kissed him, using her tongue in his mouth. He was almost all the way inside her. She clutched his body tightly against hers, as her body began to move with the rhythm of his. Anita gripped his skin in her fingers, yearning for his cock to be all the way inside her. She felt him pushing.

Finally, her hymen snapped and Bobby's body thrust forward. He pinned her against the bed, thrusting harder. She began whimpering. Anita felt his weight crash down on her with each thrust. She arched her back, kissing him desperately.

"Oh, Bobby." she called out, for the first time in a long time feeling like a woman. She raised her legs, rubbing the heel of her foot against the small of his back. His hands grabbed her head, pulling her closer to another long out drawn kiss. Anita felt his cock slipping in and out of her tight opening, and she loved every movement. It was such a new experience.

Everything she heard sex was going to be was so different then the emotions she was feeling now. Alicia had told her alot, but it didn't compare to the feeling of actually having a man's hard cock inside of her. 

She moaned again, feeling her body tense up. She had played with herself a few times, so she knew what an orgasm felt like. And she could feel it coming. But this was different. She felt so alive now as her orgasm hit like a freight train. Anita's body shook as she called out his name. Her pussy leaked out onto his cock as she came hard.

Listening to her whispers and moans was driving Bobby crazy. He looked down at her, realizing that he just fucked her for the first time. Anita would always remember Bobby now, as more then just her verbal sparring partner.

His cock was hard inside her, and about to cum.

He slipped his cock out from her pussy. Quickly, he grasped it with his hand and beat off, aiming at her flat belly. Anita watched as his cock erupting, shooting hot cum onto her stomach. She slipped her finger into the puddle and dabbed it. Cautiously, she took the finger in her mouth and licked it. She took another finger full of cum into her mouth as Bobby climbed off her, laying next to her in bed.

He whispered softly, watching her every movement. "How are you feeling?. He pulled her closer as she placed her head on his chest.

"It hurt a little, at first. But now it feels good to be this wide open", she kissed his chest. Her eyes were lit with excitement. He slid his fingers through her dark hair as he kissed her forehead.

Anita and Bobby laid in bed, basking in the moment. They closed their eyes for a moment, but that didn't last long. The door swung open and in walked Alicia. Anita immediately reached for the sheets that were bunched at the end of the bed to cover their naked bodies.

"No, need to cover up, Anita.", Alicia said as she grabbed the sheets away and tossed them to the floor.

"Get out! What are you doing here!", Anita screamed. She could feel Alicia's eyes scan her body.

"I told you he was a good lover. Didn't I?", she was grinning. Bobby and Alicia had remained friends after the break up. They hung out together, and despite dating other people there was still alot of sexual tension between them. They flirted and teased each other, but neither one of them made a move. Alicia was the best lover Bobby had ever been with.

There was something else that Alicia hinted at to Bobby, but never came out and said. She had often make jokes about being with other women to Bobby. In fact, he thought the reason she broke up with him was because she wanted to be with Anita.

The fact of the matter was Alicia was bi-curious. She had been with women before, and she was attracted to Anita. She had wanted to kiss her for a while, but Anita was way too straight laced for that.

She looked at her best friend and her ex boyfriend laying naked on the bed before her. Their bodies were both drenched with sweat.

The memories of Bobby and her desire for Anita hit her both at once. She crossed to the other side of the bed and pulled her shirt over her head as she climbed into bed. Her bare tits flopped out, she wasn't even wearing a bra.

Anita was stunned. Alicia was a little thicker then her but had a much better body. Anita's breasts were only a 36B. Alicia's were a 34DD. Anita was always jealous of her friend's natural breasts. This was the first time she had ever seen just how full they were.

Alicia nuzzled closer to Bobby, who with his free hand wrapped around her. He was suddenly surrounded by two topless beautiful women. Anita looked over at Bobby, then Alicia. She caught Anita's gaze and smiled back.

Alicia leaned in, kissing Bobby's neck quickly. He closed his eyes, feeling her tongue and lips on his skin. Not to be out done, Anita began kissing his shoulders. And Bobby? He sat there, feeling two sets of lips on his body.

"Kiss her," Alicia whispered. Bobby turned his head to Anita, leaned in and kissed her deeply. Alicia watching in silence as Bobby's hands grasped Anita's breasts. She looked down at his cock, hardening between his legs. She took her hands and trailed them down his belly and playfully tugged on his cock. Alicia gestured to Anita, pointing down at his cock and nodding her head. Anita smiled and rolled over on top of Bobby. She reached in between their bodies and smiled. Alicia watched as Bobby disappeared into Anita's opening. She kissed Bobby deeply, sucking his tongue into her mouth.

Bobby watched as Anita bounced on his cock, her smallish breasts bouncing with each thrust. He tasted Alicia's tongue slipping into his mouth. Alicia reached for Bobby's hand, guiding it to her breasts. He squeezed her flesh in his hands, grabbing and cupping her breasts tightly.

Alicia swatted his hands away from her breasts and slid slowly behind Anita, helping her bounce a little faster on Bobby's cock. She pressed her breasts again Anita's back, her hands grasping her friend's hips. Anita moaned as her body began to get used to his cock inside her again.

Anita felt Alicia's breath on her neck and Bobby's hands on her body. She turned her head to the side to see her friend. Alicia began kissing the back of Anita's neck. Anita closed her eyes, feeling Alicia's round breasts pressed against her back and her warm tongue on her skin

Alicia caught Anita's eyes, staring into them. Bobby slowed down his pace as he watched them kissing for the first time. Anita opened her mouth to accept Alicia's tongue. Anita couldn't concentrate on both activities at once. She leaned into Alicia's arms as she got pulled off of Bobby's cock.

She collapsed on top of Alicia, her hands grabbing and squeezing Alicia's breasts together. Alicia pushed Anita's body back and forth, grinding their pussies together. They moaned as their bodies pressed together, the bed squeaking against the wall.

"You want to taste her pussy, don't you Alicia?", Bobby asked from against the bed post, staring at their bodies.

Breaking away from the kiss, Alicia said "I've wanted to eat her for over a year now". Anita rolled onto her back, pulling Alicia on top of her without saying a word. Alicia began trailing kisses down Anita's neck to her breasts, licking her soft nipples. Anita whimpered as she closed her eyes, feeling Alicia's tongue sliding across her small breasts.

Alicia took Anita's breast into her mouth, gently nibbling on her nipple. She looked up and savored the look on Anita's face. Reluctantly, Alicia moved away from the breast, kissing lower. She knew something better awaited her between Anita's legs. She settled between her legs, licking Anita's pussy quickly. A loud moan escaped her lips as her eyes shot open. She gazed down at the back of Alicia's head, moving from side to side. Alicia opened her mouth, slipping her tongue inside Anita's warm pussy.

"Oh God, lick me", she moaned. Anita raised her hips with each swipe of Alicia's tongue to her clit. "It feels so good", she continued.

Alicia didn't respond. She had a mouth full of pussy.

Bobby's cock was hard as he ever remember it being from watching them kiss and lick each other. He wasn't done fucking Anita when Alicia pulled her off of him. And after watching this in front of him, he was even more ready to go. Bobby watched as Alicia's mouth covered Anita's pussy. She glanced up and put some distance between her face and Anita so both could watch her tongue slipping in and out of Anita's opening. Alicia's hips raised and lowered from the bed as her mouth worked on Anita's pussy. Anita began crying out Alicia's name, whimpering as she began humping her face.

"Mmmm, you like that, don't you? You like my tongue inside your wet little pussy, don't you Anita?", Alicia whispered from between her 

legs. Alicia licked some of Anita's cum off her lips.

"Yes. Don't stop. Lick me down there", Anita whimpered.

"Down where? Say it, Anita. Tell us where you want to be licked!", Alicia demanded. She sat up, licking her lips and still tasting her juices.

"Lick my....my.... pus...... pussy. Lick my pussy, Anita. Make me cum for you", she said. Alicia returned her mouth to Anita's pussy. Bobby watched as Alicia's body gyrated off the bed.

He couldn't take it anymore. He slipped behind Alicia, gripping her waist with his arms. He watched as she sucked Anita's pussy. Bobby began rubbing his cock against Alicia's back. She paused from her activities with Anita, looking over her shoulder.

"Are you going to fuck me while I eat her pussy? I could go for some hard cock inside me". She grinned as she returned her attention to Anita.

"I miss being inside you. " he said as he slipped his cock in between her legs and thrust forward. Alicia whimpered as he entered her.

Bobby began pounding into her from behind, his balls slapping against her with each hard thrust. He was fucking her alot harder then he was with Anita.

Anita grabbed Alicia's hair, shoving her face closer to her pussy. "I'm going to cum on your face", she screamed as her pussy gushed her juices.

Alicia raised her ass, allowing for more exploring by Bobby's cock. Anita crawled over to Alicia, kissing her deeply, tasting her own cum in her best friend's mouth. Now it was Bobby's turn. Anita crawled over Alicia to kiss Bobby, sliding her cum stained tongue into his mouth.

Bobby gripped Alicia's full tits as he fucked her from behind, the bed slamming against the wall now as he was getting violent with his thrusts. Alicia screamed in pleasure. Anita crawled back in front, sucking on Alicia's tits and Bobby's fingers.

"Oh! I'm cumming. I'm going to cum so fucking hard. Keep your cock inside me!" Now it was Alicia's turn to cum. Her body shook with an eruption as her pussy came around Bobby's cock.

Alicia pushed Bobby backward off her as she collapsed on the bed. She looked at him.

"I want you to cum on Anita for me, Bobby. Jerk him off, Anita. Rub his cock. Look how hard it is. Put it in your mouth if you want. Suck him. Just make sure that he cums on your tits. I wanna kiss your body and taste Bobby off you. Come on, baby. Do it for me?", Alicia whispered as she recovered. She sat up and leaned against the bed post.

Anita looked into Alicia's eyes and remembered the orgasm she gave her. Quickly she crawled in front of Bobby, whose cock was still rock hard. She rubbed her finger tips up and down his shaft. Anita was on her hands and knees. She decieded she wanted to taste it. It was a night of firsts for her. It was her first time having sex, her first time with a woman, she wanted everything. She took Bobby's cock in her mouth slowly, adjusting to the taste of him. Anita was sure she could taste a little bit of Alicia on him. She didn't mind at all. Her mouth wrapped around his dick.

Bobby began playing with her hair, sliding it out of her face so he can watch her suck his cock. It didn't take long for him to start grunting.

"Lay down, Anita. He's about to cum", Alicia said. Bobby nodded his head. Anita laid on the bed, her legs open wide towards Bobby. Alicia began kissing Anita as Bobby knelt between her legs, aiming the head of her cock at her belly and breasts. She felt the hotness of his cum as it splattered against her skin as she tasted Alicia's tongue in her mouth.

Bobby's body tensed as his cock spurted cum all over Anita. Quickly, Alicia crawled to her, kissing her breasts and belly and tasting his cum off her body. Meanwhile, Bobby kissed Anita again deeply, sucking her tongue into his mouth.

After every drop of cum was licked off Anita, they sandwiched Bobby in bed and all drifted off to sleep.