 I decided to spend the day at the library -- studying and getting some distance on the events of the previous night. After kissing Lisa and making plans to meet in the afternoon, I walked to campus and along the elm-lined Mall. The day was already quite warm, and students were lounging on the ground or crowding the steps of the buildings that lined the walkway. I walked passed Bro Cope, the wan religious fanatic at his usual place near the old auditorium. He held out his sign that read 'Fornicators! You will BURN in HELL!' and shook his bony fist at me. I just grinned at him, and continued to the library at the head of the Mall. After some circling in the stacks, I found a cubicle in the back overlooking the rapidly greening walkways behind the library.

I opened my text, but it seemed even more impenetrable than usual. Trying to work, I went over my notes, and attempted one of the assigned proofs. Yet, my mind kept returning to Itza and how she was drawn to my huge cock. She was not the first woman to react that way. Her intensity was very different however and incredibly exciting. I certainly felt guilty about fucking my girlfriend's roommate, but I also suspected it would happen again. Itza had opened a door -- I finally realized the full power of my prick over women, and the thought was intoxicating. If I could simply take a woman like Itza in the middle of the night, I could fuck any woman, or ask anything of them. Where would that end?

My thoughts wandered to earlier experiences, other girls and their reactions to my big cock. I grew to over six feet by eighth grade, and towered over most of my classmates. My body had also changed -- a few corded muscles, a light beard, sparse hair on my chest, and voice that was noticeably lower than most of the male teachers. On the edge of manhood, I stood out from my other classmates. I was somewhat bookish and as awkward as any teen, but my body quickly propelled me into new experiences. 

Amy sat behind me in eight grade homeroom. I had always liked her, and we would often get in trouble for talking or passing notes. She was an ordinary girl with messy, dark hair and perhaps a little overweight. However, during a six-month family trip to Tahiti, she had somehow transformed into a sexy young woman -- hair in tresses cascading onto her tanned shoulders and jutting breasts squeezed into tight polo shirts. Her weight loss and new wardrobe were the talk of the boy's locker room. Amy asked me out first, and we were soon making out in her basement or in hiding places she knew in the women's college next door to her house. I was eager to fuck, and remember how horny and desperate those make out sessions were for me. Yet, Amy knew what she was willing to do and when, so we progressed slowly from kissing to groping.

One day, we found our way into a music practice room, and dropped into a corner of the soundproof room. After a hot session of kissing, Amy finally reached for the fly on my straining Levis. After some giggling and pulling, she finally managed to get my hard prick. My cock stood out from my jeans, jerking slightly as it grew to its full length of over 9 inches.

"Oh my God, Brett, I don't believe it," she gasped. Amy's eyes never left my cock as she reached out for my thick shaft.

"I thought you were big ... that some guys were bigger, ... " she continued, staring and leaning in closer to my prick. 

Amy started to stroke my cock, running her hand up and down the turgid shaft. I just leaned my head back, breathing raggedly, drunk with the experience of my first handjob. I don't know if this was her first experience, but she seemed mesmerized -- pumping my cock in long strokes and pausing to squeeze my thick meat behind the flared head. Amy added a second hand so that both were know attached to my fuck stick, as her arms worked up and down. Her face was now inches away from the piss slit, as it started to run with precum. We were both transfixed, silent, with our breathing the only sound in the booth. Finally, I was going to cum, and knew enough to warn Amy.

"Oh fuck, Amy, I am going to shoot!"

"Mmm please, Brett, I want to see that, please do it," she rasped as her hands pumped faster, sliding up and down my taut shaft. 

She moved her head back, as my balls started to contract. All my pent-up teenage desire was released, as rope after rope of cum shot from my prick and landed on the opposite wall. I heard Amy moan lasciviously as she watched the ribbons of spunk shoot from my cock to produce an obscene trail on the wall and floor between my legs. She never moved, never stopped pumping my cock through the long shower of cum. Amy finally looked up and me, an unfamiliar and hungry look in her beautiful green eyes.

"Brett, can we do that again?" she asked with a mischievous smile.

Something had just changed with Amy. Touching my cock and making it shoot had somehow shifted our relationship. Amy was not the gatekeeper to our sexual relationship any longer, and my enormous cock had become the object. Even a 14-year-old girl, just on the cusp of maturing, was drawn inexorably to it. I had not expected this change, but realized how it gave me an advantage.

I dated Amy until we went to different high schools. After we broke up, I thought it would be a while before I had another girlfriend. A girl again asked me out -- a friend of Amy's, a girl I recognized from the field hockey team. I quickly realized that she knew everything about me. During our first date, we started making out, and she immediately started to rub my cock through my jeans.

"Oh fuck, Amy didn't lie," she breathed as her slender hand rubbed my cock head.

This started a pattern throughout high school. I would get asked out by a girl, and on our first date would get a hand job. Older girls often asked me out, which was unheard of for a freshman. I got my first blowjob from a junior -- a self-confident and big-titted blonde with a college boyfriend. She had asked me to help her with her math homework, and more or less attacked me in her basement. I remember how she licked and sucked it, trying to shove it in her mouth. She kept moaning and crying out as she worked my cock, telling me that I was so much bigger than her boyfriend. I helped with her math a lot and she eventually took most of my prick down her hot throat.

I also started to find my place in the hierarchy of high school -- lettering in football my freshman year playing tight end. The locker room was where my reputation really started. In the group shower, the center of attention was a prick that suddenly hung long and thick between my legs. Other kids would stare, and some of the bold ones would make comments about my prick. Evan as a freshman, I got a lot of quiet respect from my classmates, even the older guys.

It was always about the monster between my legs.

I lost my virginity at 15 to a casual girl friend. We both felt safe enough with the other to actually take the leap under a pile of blankets in the back of my brother's pickup truck. She didn't see my prick, but did guide it into her pussy. I remember the look of astonishment and some panic on her face, as I lay on top of her, gently pushing into her tight cunt. I only managed to get about half in, before she asked me to stop. After a half hour of rhythmic thrusting, I shot inside her. It was actually very romantic, and we both felt happy, relaxed, and like we had passed a milestone in our young lives. For me, it really opened the gates. I realized what I could do with my cock, how much I could make girls respond, and I loved all of it. In particular, I loved getting women to respond to me. I spent the next few years fucking any girl I could, which was often surprisingly easy -- girlfriends, their friends, a few of their sisters.

I finally realized that 2 hours had passed with my text open in front of me. I quickly packed my books, and headed out of the library. I decided to work out at the recreation center, and clear my head. Afterwards, my legs and arms felt bulky and heavy from the long exertion. I met Lisa, and we spent some time in town, talking about the upcoming NCAA tournament, and enjoying our Sunday afternoon. I felt awkward with Lisa, having secretly fucked her roommate only a few hours before. Yet, it was reassuring to spend time with her too. Perhaps I could forget about Itza.

Later in the evening, we were studying together and lounging in the living room at her house. Lisa surprised me by leaning over and kissing me. Even with a girl as sexually charged as Lisa, I usually initiated our lovemaking. She seemed intent, even anxious to start something. We began to kiss, mashing our lips together as we hungrily tasted each other. I stroked Lisa's long hair, as I traced my tongue along her shoulders and neck, gently kissing and biting her smooth skin. Lisa suddenly stood up, and pulled me from the couch to head upstairs. 

Safely in her bedroom, Lisa and I quickly stripped our sweats and t-shirts and dumped these on the floor. I pulled her naked body into mine, and kissed her ardently, plunging my tongue into her supple mouth. I felt her push her breasts into me, as she arched her back and I felt the heat from her body. My hands ran up her side, and cupped each full, luscious breast. Lisa moaned in appreciation, but she suddenly changed, placing her hands on my shoulders, and gently turned me around to face her bed.

"Relax, Brett, let me... please" she whispered as she encouraged me onto the bed.

As soon as my body was prone, she started to massage my feet. She took each size 14.5 foot in turn, kneading and rubbing with her strong fingers. At first frustrated that Lisa wanted to control the pace, I started to relax to her trained hands. Slowly, Lisa started to work up my corded calves and legs. My muscles still felt heavy and bulky from working out earlier, began to warm under her touch.

"I love your body, Brett, so big, so masculine" she breathed as she continued to push on my muscled legs.

"Ever since I first watched you at practice, I wanted this body," she continued, "and, I love what you do with it."

Lisa's hands moved to my upper legs, pressing and working as she moved towards my ass. My cock, fully hard, pressed painfully into her bed and my abdominals as Lisa pushed into my corded leg muscles. I expected her to move to my ass, but instead she straddled my legs, and began to work on my shoulders. I felt her hot pussy brush against my legs, as she leaned forward to knead my back.

"Mmm ... you are so good Lisa, you know how to take care of me," I said in a low rumble, as Lisa's hands continued to work.

"Anything for you, Brett, you know that," she said, a hint of need in her normally assertive voice.

As she kept up her attention on my broad back, Lisa's pussy ground into my legs, mashing her pussy lips on my skin. I felt her wet cunt as she moved her hips back and forth slightly. I reacted by flexing my leg muscles and pushing my legs slightly up into her moist triangle. I heard Lisa moan, and felt her move quickly backwards, freeing me to flip onto my back. Released from its trap between my thick body and her bed, by huge cock sprang up, towering over my groin, and waving slightly under its own weight. Lisa lunged forward, encircling my prick with her hand, and drawing the swollen head to her lips. 

"Oh, Brett, I love your huge cock, you are such a man, such a fucking stud," she gasped as her tongue found my piss slit, slick with precum, and pushed the head into her mouth.

Lisa sucked the fat head into her mouth, swirling her tongue around the crown, as it stretched her lips around the crown. I felt her teeth gently scrape backwards on the crown, and dig deliciously into the tender flesh behind its ridge.

"Oh fuck, Lisa. Babe ... you're so fucking good ... you're such a good cocksucker!" I moaned, as Lisa worked my wet cock head. 

I leaned up on my elbows to watch my girlfriend's head move around the end of my long prick. Her head moved back, releasing my cock as she started to lick the veined shaft. I felt her talented tongue as it moved up and down, licking every inch. Lisa's head would move in a long, slow arc, as she ran her tongue from my shaved pubes, along the shaft, and finally trace the ridge of its plum-sized head. Reaching down, I grabbed my turgid shaft with my hand, and sawed its head and shaft across her open mouth, feeling her teeth lightly brush my hot flesh. I watched as Lisa moved her head back to again engulf my monster.

"FUCK!" I shouted out as Lisa impaled her mouth on my thick spear. 

No woman could ever deep throat me, but she could push over two thirds of my cock down her hot, wet throat. Lisa plunged repeatedly down on my cock, fucking herself with my prick, pushing my fuck meat into her mouth. Lisa was moaning, intent on taking more of my prick. Each fuck stroke forced my cock into her sinful, sucking mouth, and make a little squelch as she swallowed my monster. Lisa kept her hand on it, unable to completely encircle the base of my thick cock with her strong fingers. Her other hand was working my bull balls, squeezing them hard, pulling and kneading as she blew me. Her head would snap down as I fucked her face and she gave me more of that hot hole. She kept this up for a long time, as I watched her suck my cock. Finally, I was on the edge and ready to shoot.

"FUCK ... FUCK ... I need to cum babe!" I cried out, as Lisa took my cock deep into her throat, deeper than ever into her scorching mouth. 

My balls tightened, and I felt the familiar spasm engulf my sex. Rope after rope of hot, burning cum, flew through my prick and into her sucking mouth. The load quickly filled her mouth, and started to spray out of her mouth, as my cock continued to jerk and pump.

Breathing hard, I gripped my shaft as the last jets of cum spurt into her mouth. I was still rock hard, as I looked down at her beautiful face as she held my cum, letting it bathe the now-sensitive head. Finally, I saw her cheeks contract and throat jump as she swallowed the hot, salty load. Lisa let my cock out with a loud pop, as it swung back from her face to again point straight up from my body. She looked up, eyes closed, as we both relaxed.

"Brett, tell me I am the only one," she said, suddenly eyes wide open and looking directly at me. Fuck, I thought, she knows about Itza. 

"Lisa, I love you," I replied, truthfully, but not honestly. 

Not wanting to say anything else, I pulled Lisa up beside me, my softening cock rubbing along her taut athlete's body. Lisa kissed my legs and chest as she moved onto the bed. Moving onto my knees in front of her, I pushed her legs apart to reveal her shaved cunt mound, glistening with her excitement. I leaned down to taste her delicious pussy, licking along its protruding lips, and into the moist crevice of her flowing sex. Up and down, I flicked my tongue, tasting her juices, and teasing her tender flesh. Lisa was moaning now, grasping my hair in both hands, and directing my flicking tongue. My mouth found her hard clit, and I sucked it in, nibbling gently with my teeth.

"Oh...Oh ...Oh ...Brett ... Yes, eat my pussy!" she cried as her hips rocked into my face.

Her pussy seemed to pulse with excitement, as I licked and sucked, drinking in her excitement. I let a long trail of spit fall onto her exposed clit, and then spread the wetness around with my tongue. Lisa gasped loudly, pushing my head into her sex, and I felt her legs tremble.

Hard again, I needed to spear her. I moved forward so that my nuts mashed against her pussy, and pulled back to drag my hardened cock over her wet lips and protruding clit. Sawing my prick back and forth, I coated it with her pussy cream, mashing into her clit, and causing Lisa to push her hips upward to grind harder into my swollen meat.

"Brett, oh, I need your cock, fuck me now, fuck me, don't tease me!" gasped Lisa as I worked her pussy. 

Gripping the thick shaft again, I used the head to push her swollen clit back and forth, rubbing my engorged helmet into her most tender cunt flesh. Again, holding my prick, I drummed on her exposed clit with my fuck stick. Lisa's fists were clenching with each strike against her excited pussy, and I felt tremors in her flesh as she started to cum. I knew well this point, this moment of yielding. I pulled back and found her opening with my hot cock. Now pushing forward, Lisa's pussy stretched to accommodate my thick spear.

"Open for me, babe," I said, part plea, part command, but undeniable all the same.

My long cock slid into her slick cunt, pushing her flesh apart, penetrating her sex. I looked into Lisa's eyes, unfocused, but beautiful as I entered her.

"Fuck ... fuck ... fuck," she moaned, rhythmically, as I pushed deeper into her pussy. I knew how much she could take. Her body shone with sweat and her big breasts swayed slightly.

I pushed in, inch after inch of red-hot prick in her pussy. My hands on either side of her body, my hips moving down and forward to skewer her on my big cock. I finally felt the hard flesh of her cervix, as more than 10 inches of prick were buried in her steaming hole. Pausing, I leaned down and kissed her breasts, her neck, her lips.

"I love you, babe, love fucking you, love pleasing you," breathing these words into her ear, as I felt her roll her hips back and thrust her cunt mound upwards.

"Brett. I love you, I would do anything for you," she moaned, looking into my eyes.

I began to flex my hips and pump my monster prick in and out of her pussy. I felt waves of contractions from deep within Lisa, as a series of orgasms pulsed through her body. Each wave lifted her body, causing her to moan in pleasure. Our eyes were locked together, as I pumped -- long, slow, powerful strokes -- pulling out to my rigid cock head was just gripped by her pussy to the final delicious push into the door to her womb. Pushing one leg and then the other up, I grasped Lisa's ankles in my one hand, and placed the other on her no upturned ass. I started to piston more quickly into her cunt.

"Take it, babe, take me deep," I breathed as my cock plunged in and out. Lisa was beyond words as I fucked her harder and faster. Her pussy was overflowing with juices as my cock filled her with each stroke. I felt how slick her mound and legs had become against my pumping prick, my slapping balls, and hammering hips. I squeezed my hand tightly around both ankles, and pushed her legs back towards her head. Her cunt hole was taking each thrust, engulfing my prick, and sheathing it in trembling cunt flesh.

Again, I felt my balls tighten, as my body readied another load of burning spunk. I plunged in deep, pushing hard into Lisa's cervix one last time, before pulling my throbbing prick from her cunt. Lisa shrieked as my rigid spear began to jump and spurt cum. Long jets of cum erupted from my cock head, shooting through her legs and landing on her belly and heaving tits. Shot after shot, I covered her bald mound and body in trails of white junk. Her hands moved reflexively toward the juices now covering her torso, and began to spread it on her body. I watched as her hands played in my cum, and as she massaged it into her skin.

I fell forward onto Lisa's prone body, mashing my sweaty frame onto her cum-coated body. Kissing deeply, we relaxed in each other 's arms, and drifted off to sleep. Yet, I awoke a few hours later, and despite the deep satisfaction, wondered if Itza might be awake. Lisa's arm and leg were firmly clamped around my body, so I could not move. I lay there, thinking of what more I could ask, but still feeling it might be within my reach.

The next morning, I was gathering my workout gear and some textbooks. Itza suddenly appeared behind me, grabbing me by my hips, and leaning in to whisper.

"Aiee, Brett, you have never visited me again, you must not want me," she taunted. Turning, I grabbed her face in my hands, and kissed her mouth, hard. Reluctantly, we moved apart, and Itza seemed surprisingly flushed.
