 This is the continuation of the experiences of Sonia and Michael. The first in this series is 'Unexpected Nightcap.' I hope you enjoy all their experiences.

IV - M & S-Meet Marcus and Patty

Before I tell you about the dinner party with Brandi, Marcus and Patty, I think I should tell you about the day I met Marcus and Patty. Marcus and I had been paired up to be playing partners in a charity golf event at the club. The charity was one of Sonia's annual projects and she committed a lot of time helping plan the event. Although Marcus and I only met that day, it turned out that we really liked each other and meshed well as golfing partners. 

Marcus is in his late 40's. He's an ex-football player who parlayed his football money unto a very successful insurance agency. As guys who just meet do, we chatted around the edges of our lives. Both of us just talked about the vanilla things that were easy to talk about. We talked a lot about business and finances and learned we had a fair amount in common. As the round progressed and we continued to get to know each other, I sensed that we were becoming close friends. What I didn't realize at the time was just how close we'd become.

On the way to the 10th tee, Marcus was making conversation and asked if I had any official connection to the tournament. I told him that my wife Sonia was one of the committee organizers and this was one of her big charity projects. A giant smile erupted on Marcus's face. Half choking and giggling, he said, "Is your wife a smoking hot blonde with gigantic boobs?"

The look on my face must have been priceless because Marcus was now laughing so hard that tears were running out of his eyes. He was trying to catch his breath so he could talk, but he just kept snorting and giggling. Finally, he motioned for me to stop the cart by the water dispenser and he crawled out to get a drink. I got out and stood beside him. 

Finally, he settled down and between wheezes he said, "My wife Patty is on the same committee and I think she and Sonia have become really close friends if you know what I mean." Marcus winked at me as he finished his sentence. 

"All I've heard during the last two weeks is how hot Sonia is, how hot Sonia dresses, how sensuous Sonia is, how much fun Sonia is to be around. You know how much time they've spent on this event. Every time Patty has a meeting, she comes home a little mussed up and horny as hell. We fuck like crazy every time."

I thought for a minute and recalled all the time Sonia had been spending at the club working on the event. I also recalled her mentioning her new friend Patty. They always went out for a glass of wine after their meetings and I knew how much Sonia enjoyed being with another lady. Instantly I knew that our conspiring wives had managed to pair us up in order for us to meet and get to know each other. Smiling like Cheshire cats, we started peppering each other with questions. In our enthusiasm, we'd forgotten that we were still playing golf. Our playing partners were yelling at us to get up to the tee so we jumped in our cart and drove to join them. Without any further discussion we hit our tee shots and drove up the fairway to our balls. 

As we drove I looked over at Marcus who was looking back grinning wildly. I said, "Dude, we've got nine holes to get things figured out, but I think I know what the ladies would like to have happen, don't you?

Marcus smiled back and said, "Michael, I think we know each other well enough that I don't think this is going to offend you, but if it does I apologize in advance. From what I've gotten from Patty, you and Sonia enjoy adult playmates. Do I have that right?"

I smiled and nodded affirmative to Marcus. He smiled back and gave me a big thumbs up. Marcus explained that he and Patty also enjoyed the excitement and fun associated with having sex with other couples. Marcus told me that he and Patty had been playing for over ten years and they had developed a discreet group of friends they partied with. Neither of us could believe that we'd never crossed paths before now. 

As we continued, Marcus related that in the last three weeks Patty had come home from every committee meeting talking about Sonia. Apparently Sonia had hinted at the idea of the two couples getting together for some adult fun. Marcus said that after last week's meeting, Patty told him that Sonia was becoming more and more open and was definitely coming on to her. Marcus told me that Sonia had bared her tits to Patty a couple of times and once managed to flash her bare pussy. Patty told Marcus that Sonia really turned her and she really wanted the two couples to party together.

Marcus then looked over at me and said, "Michael, are Sonia tits really as big as Patty says?"

I looked back smiling and nodded. "Yep, and I think you'll love them."

As we continued to compare notes, it was clear that the ladies had paired us up so that the couples could get together for intimate fun. The more we talked about our wives, the harder our cocks became. From what Marcus told me, Patty loved to suck pussy as much as she did a nice hard cock and nothing was off limits sexually. He described her as just the average slut next door. Marcus said he really enjoyed watching his wife suck another gentleman's cock while he had his buried in another lady's warm hungry pussy. I nodded in agreement and told him that he was going to love having Sonia's pussy wrapped around his cock. We were having too much fun talking about sex, our wives, and what they enjoyed the most. The conversation was hot and caused a tent in our pants. 

Around about the 14th hole we decided that we were going to blow off the banquet and take our wives to dinner instead. Only we weren't going to let on that we had figured out their plan. We would meet accidentally at the restaurant so everybody could get to know each other better over drinks and dinner. 

I made a quick phone call to a close friend and a secured a reservation for four at an upscale steak and chop house in town. The maitre'de was an intimate friend of ours. As I talked with my friend, I explained to him that I wanted this to be a very special evening and I'd like to use the special dinning area and his special staff for the evening. He told me the room was available and he assured me that he would personally cover things with the servers. He knew what I wanted and everything would be taking care of. I knew tonight's dinner would blow everybody's mind. 

I explained to Marcus that the maitre'de and his wife are very close friends with whom we'd spent many intimate evenings together. I told Marcus that he would really enjoy the evening. It was going to be something special for everyone. It was time to call our wives. Before we made our calls, Marcus and I agreed that neither of us would mention another couple as part of the dinner plan. All the wives knew is that the banquet didn't sound good, but a nice quiet dinner did.

At the end of the round Marcus and I quickly made our apologizes and headed home for a quick shower and a change of clothes. We were going to run into each other at the restaurant bar around 7:30.

When I arrived home Sonia greeted me with a big kiss and hug. She smelled of Tommy Girl. It's a very sexy and Sonia knows that I like it. The scent made my cock start to twitch and I could tell she was excited about something -- maybe just because we were going out, or more likely she and Patty had been comparing notes after our earlier calls to them. Whatever the reason, Sonia looked hot. She hadn't finished dressing yet and was prancing around the dressing area wearing only a white garter belt, electric blue hose, and white high heel sandals that wrapped around her calves and tied under her knees. Her tits swayed lusciously as she moved about the room. 

I jumped in the shower. The hot water felt great pounding down on me. As I lathered up I pictured Sonia's mouth filled with Marcus's cock. I knew from experience that she would really be attracted to Marcus and I figured based on Marcus's build he was probably well equipped with a good sized cock. It was going to be fun watching Sonia work her sexual magic on Marcus and Patty this evening. Plus, after the way Marcus had described Patty, I couldn't wait to meet the average slut from next door. I was imagining doing all kinds of nasty things to do to her.

I finished showering and shaved quickly. As I dried off, a smile kept appearing on my face. How lucky I was to have such a nasty, naughty wife? Mmmmm. I pulled on a pair of dark linen slacks and a short sleeve yellow pullover. Then I slipped my feet into my favorite loafers and sprayed on some Lagerfeld and headed for the kitchen to find Sonia.

I walked in the room and let out a whistle. Sonia decided to wear one of her slinkier, yet for her, conservative dresses. It was bright neon blue, cut about three inches above her knee. The dress has a low, square cut top which is very tight and has four white buttons closing the top. Sonia was wearing a pushup bra and the way the top of the dress was cut, an enormous amount of her 40DD cleavage was on display. I couldn't see a panty line under her dress so I assumed her shaved pussy was bare. She walked over to me and grabbed my package gently and gave it a soft squeeze. "Mmmmm, commando. Very nice. How about taking me out for drinks and dinner, and see what kind of fun we can get into?"

I didn't question her, but her comment made me think for sure that she and Patty had talked. I liked the way the two girls thought and I was pretty sure they couldn't even imagine what I had planned for the evening. They mind's were going to be blown at tonight's dinner. 

When we arrived at the restaurant I saw Marcus and his wife were already seated in the bar at a high top table. The table was small and would make an intimate venue for everyone to get closer. Without any delay, I softly grabbed Sonia's elbow and leaned into her ear, "Look, there's the guy I played golf with today. I want you to meet him. He's a really great guy." 

With that I guided Sonia into the bar toward Marcus's table. As we walked through the bar, heads turned to catch a glimpse of Sonia's huge breasts and all the cleavage which was exposed. Not only the men looked, even the ladies were checking her out. I never got tired of watching Sonia display herself. It was almost as if she wasn't aware of the effect she had on people. As we got close, I could see Patty make eye contact with Sonia and some sort of signal went back and forth. I winked at Marcus and we continued to play dumb.

As I reached the table I said "Hi Marcus, I'd like for you to meet my wife, Sonia. Sonia, this is Marcus. We played together today and had an awesome time."

Marcus took Sonia's small hand in his, looked into her eyes, then at her enormous tits and then back into her eyes and then he kissed the back of her hand. He smiled at her and told how nice it was to meet her. In turn he introduced me to his wife Patty who extended her hand for me to kiss. I looked directly in Patty's eyes and let my lips linger considerable longer than normal. She smiled and put her other hand on top of mine and squeezed for just a second. My cock began to twitch. Marcus invited us to have drinks with them so Sonia and I sat across from each other in the empty chairs at the tiny table.

A waitress appeared and we gave her our order. For a moment after the waitress left, the table was quiet. Patty and Sonia eyes were going a mile a minute trying to communicate something. Marcus and I could barely contain ourselves. Finally, Marcus looked Patty and said, "I love Sonia's dress, don't you honey?"

I figured that I knew where Marcus was going with his comment and I couldn't wait to see how Patty answered. Patty quickly took a sip of her drink and looked toward Sonia before answering. She then looked to her husband and said, "Absolutely, the color is perfect for her tan."

Marcus glanced at me and then toward his wife and said, "Ah, I like the color too, but I was really talking about how great all that cleavage looks. Her tits look awesome in that dress."

Then Marcus looked back at Sonia and stared at her tits. I loved how direct Marcus was and I could tell that Sonia did too. Patty was the only one who looked a little unsure whether things were going good or bad. I thought it was a riot, but a bit unfair to leave Patty hanging, so I broke in. "You're right Marcus, I love the way that dress displays Sonia's breasts. Sonia's a bit of a exhibitionist. She enjoys her body and loves to show it off, don't you honey?"

Sonia blushed just a bit and smiled at me and then turned to Marcus as she squeezed her tits together with her upper arms and said, "Michael is right. I love my titties and I love showing them off. Patty likes them don't you Patty?"

Now Patty was on the spot again. I wasn't sure how intimate the girls had been and Patty didn't know how to answer. Just as she was about to answer, the server brought our drinks so Patty was saved for the minute. Once we had our drinks, I took a sip and looked directly at Sonia and asked, "Dear, are you hinting that Patty has seen your tits naked? 

Sonia didn't' say anything. She just smiled and nodded up and down acting very coy. I continued, "Well, you know that isn't fair and before the evening is over you're going to have to show them to Marcus to even everything up."

Again, Sonia didn't say anything. She just smiled, took a drink and mouthed the word "okay," nodding affirmatively. Marcus was smiling and rubbing his hands together in a kidding way. Patty leaned into the table to and whispered, "Marcus, they are so beautiful. You are going to love them."

That seemed to break the ice for everybody. Marcus and Sonia were talking so I turned to Patty. I picked up my glass and gestured to Patty. We clinked glasses and had a quick sip. I slowly moved my eyes away from hers to look at the rest of her. Patty smiled back knowing that I was looking at her body. She was wearing a short black spandex skirt that had ridden well up her thighs and now barely covered her ass. She had on a tight fitting white puckered blouse which showed off every inch of her curvy top and the black heels really made her legs look good. I looked down at her legs again. I'd bet anything that people sitting across the room could see right up to her pussy. Patty saw where I was looking and smiled at me. She cooed, "I don't have any panties on. Marcus prefers I don't wear them out. Does that excite you?"

At that point I knew Patty was a player. I smiled at her and said, "Very much. You are just the average slut next door, aren't you?"

Patty just smiled back, nodded yes through half closed eyes and downed the rest of her drink. "My I have another, please."

Soon another round of drinks had been served. Everyone at the table was talking like old friends do. As we worked on our second drink Marcus and I told the girls that we'd sort of figured out their plan and we certainly hoped the girls were happy the way things were turning out. By the smiles and squeezes going around the table it was clear that everybody was happy and having fun. Patty slid close to me and began to run her hand along my thigh stopping just short of my hardening cock. Sonia was very close to Marcus and I would bet that she was getting to know Marcus's cock under the table. 

As we were finishing our second drink, the hostess let us know our table was ready anytime we were. Everyone agreed it was time to leave the bar and head to dinner. The girls wanted to use the lady's room to freshen up and would catch up with us in a few minutes. 

As we left the bar my friend Jason, the maitre'de, met up with us. I introduced Marcus to Jason and the two exchanged pleasantries. He told the hostess that he'd seat us and then led Marcus and I us to the private dinning room. The walls were covered in thick silky cloth with fringe and tassels. The only furniture in the room was an oversized, very sumptuous booth. The room was lit in low red lighting which made it look very bordello-ish. 

Before Jason excused himself he told me that he would escort the wives to the room when they were through. He also told us that the room was totally private and his special staff was totally at our service. Candy, Lou, and Tiffany would be our servers and Ellis would be our wine steward. I told him to put all the charges and a generous tip for the staff on my special account. Then we shook hands and I thanked him for taking care of us on such late notice. He wished us a good evening, smiled mischievously and left us. Marcus and I sat down.

The booth was oversized and would seat six or eight people. It was upholstered in a sumptuous, suede animal print and there were two small candles on the table. Although the lighting was low and made for a very intimate atmosphere once your eyes adapted you could see pretty well. Marcus and I were talking about how hot our wives are, and how well our plan was working as the ladies returned. We both stood to let the girls join us. Patty walked up next to me and Sonia next to Marcus. Almost on cue, each lady reached out and started rubbing our cocks through our slacks. My cock stiffened instantly and it looked like Marcus was sporting wood too. 

The ladies continued to stroke our cocks with one hand and slid the other arm around our waists. I've got to admit I was really enjoying myself. Patty was teasing my rock hard cock and I was watching my wife do the same to Marcus. Without anything being said Patty slid in on my side of the booth and Sonia on Marcus's. They never let go of our cocks as they sort of pulled each of us into the booth next to them. I wasn't sure what had transpired in the lady's room, but it had Sonia finger prints all over it. 

After we all were seated Sonia looked at me and said, "We've never eaten in this room before. Is it something special?"

Marcus and I smiled and I responded. "It's a very special room and I think you will find that the evening will be most pleasurable as well as memorable."

Both girls looked at me quizzically, but I think they knew they were in for something special. Patty's hand was still in my lap and now working to undo my pants. By the way Sonia was moving I figured she was doing the same thing with Marcus. I no time Patty had my belt undone and my pants unzipped and my cock in her soft hand. She was slowly running her finger around the head of my cock and she leaned into me and whispered how much she wanted to have it in her mouth so she could deep throat me. Patty stared sluttishly at my cock as she slowly pumped it. Her sweet face screamed sex.

I had been fully engrossed in what Patty was doing with my cock when Marcus's moaning got our attention. We could tell by Sonia's arm movement that she was jacking Marcus's cock. Marcus had to be huge because Sonia's hand appeared and disappeared every time she stroked his meat. I looked at Patty and she had a knowing smile on her face. Sonia looked across at me and then Patty and said, "Wow Patty, Marcus's cock is even bigger than you said it was. It's so beautiful. I can't wait to have it my mouth." 

Sonia was giggling and leaned into Marcus pressing her huge tits against him and said, "I hope you don't mind that I let your cock out to play. I just couldn't let it stay cooped up in you pants, could I? Besides, Patty told me that I should make myself at home. Thank you Patty." 

The girls were smiling at each other and Marcus and I were enjoying the special attention our beautiful ladies were giving us. Then out of the darkness we heard the sound of high heels clicking toward our table. A beautiful, scantily clad young lady appeared tableside. She introduced herself as Candy and said she'd be part of the serving staff waiting on us. Her melon sized tits were spilling out of the tiny top she was wearing and her garter belt and stocking tops were visible beneath her extremely short skirt. Her short brunette pageboy hairdo went perfectly with her pale complexion.
