 It had been a long road trip. I was tired and looking forward to getting home after being gone for over a week. I had shared on social media that I was on my way home from a work conference in another state and that I had decided to drive rather than fly so I could take advantage of the scenery and get a couple extra days by myself. My old college friend Izzy happened to see the message and called me up while I was on the road.

"So, I see on your wall that you're headed right by my town. Were you thinking you could get away with not stopping in to say hello?"

"No—I just didn't know how late I'd be coming through town and I didn't want you to feel obligated to put me up for the night just because I was going to be there so late."

"You know that's never a problem. I love seeing you! Besides, I've got a special reason for asking you to drop by for a visit."

"What's up? Is there a party I didn't know about?"

"No... but there could be."

I could tell by the sound of her voice that things were about to get very interesting.

"I've got this guy I've been seeing regularly; David. He's pretty adventurous like me and we have a lot of fun together. I was hoping that you might stop in so you could meet him."

"David? I don't remember anything about David. One of your more recent conquests, I assume?"

"Well, I wouldn't say I'm settling down just yet, but we've been together a little over six months and things are starting to get serious. He's a great guy. I think you'll like him. In fact, I hope you REALLY like him, if you know what I mean."

Her voice trailed off a bit into an overtly sexual tone. Izzy and I had been friends since college. We both went to the same liberal arts college where we began exploring and expanding our sexual horizons. Izzy had been in several short- and long-term relationships with both men and women and had very open sexual horizons. I've also spent a lot of time experimenting and enjoying myself with both men and women, although now I'm married to my wife so we mostly do our experimenting together. I still enjoy a man's company on occasion and I was starting to pick up on what Izzy was implying. I played coy for a bit so I could get a little more information out of her, though.

"So he's been telling me recently about how much he enjoys that I share my body with other women. I've been encouraging him to experiment with his sexuality and try things with other men. He's definitely curious. We've also been doing some anal play and other things to make him more comfortable with broadening his sexual comfort zone. Now he's feeling like he might be ready to try something with a man and I was thinking..."

With that last line I cut her off.

"You were thinking I would come over and fuck your boyfriend for you while you watch, right?"

"Well, when you put it that way..."

She practically growled that last line. It was clear that she was getting turned on by the idea of her boyfriend and I sharing some male sexuality with each other.

"Well, if you think he's game, I'm willing to drop by. I should be there in a little over an hour."

"Great! Park on the street behind his car and I'll have the dogs out back so they don't interrupt our fun. I'm getting wet just thinking about it!"

"Damn, Izzy—now you're getting ME turned on just thinking of all the fun I'm going to have tonight."

"OK. See you in about an hour!"

I hung up and drove along thinking about David: what would he be like? What would he look like? Would he be cautious? Nervous? Forceful? Shy? How far would he want to go? Would he want to suck my dick? Fuck me? Have me fuck him? All the possibilities raced through my mind.

The rest of the drive to Izzy's house flew past me as the fantasy grew in my head and my dick grew in my pants. By the time I pulled up in front of Izzy's house I was seriously getting hard. I parked my car and walked up to the front door. Izzy came out of the door and gave me a huge hug, pulling herself close enough into me that I knew she could feel my arousal against her abdomen.

"Hi, sweetie! I'm so glad you're here! Everything is ready upstairs in the living room. If things get serious I've got the bedroom ready, too."

With that she planted a big, wet kiss on my cheek.

"Slow down, girl! The first time I wanna cum tonight should be with David!"

"The first, yes—but maybe not the last."

She winked at me and led me into her house. We walked up the stairs to their living room and David sat there on their big, leather sectional sofa. He got up and walked toward me with his hand extended for a handshake.

"Hi, I'm David! Izzy has been telling me all about you."

I shook his hand and then pulled him in for a hug with the other arm and said,

"I'm sure she has."

I held him tightly enough that I was sure he could feel my bulge. I wasn't sure, but it almost felt like he was grinding back into me during the hug. After our first embrace we both sat down on the couch with Izzy to his left. We started off with the usual pleasantries and small talk about how they met, what he did, what kinds of activities they liked, etc. At one point early in the conversation, Izzy started steering things around to more intimate subjects. She leaned over on his shoulder and put her hand on his thigh and started rubbing lightly.

"Davey and I have been exploring his sexual boundaries. He's really having a lot of fun but there's something he feels like he's missing now."

Picking up on her cue, I leaned over close to him and put my hand on his thigh and started rubbing lightly like Izzy was doing.

"And what's that, Dave?"

As I asked the question I leaned over and gently kissed him. I could feel his demeanor soften as he melted into the kiss. His tongue started darting around in my mouth and I moved my hand up to his chest and started rubbing it around. I broke away from the kiss and said,

"Now is your chance to experiment. We can try anything you want to. I'm experienced in male lovemaking and I can go as fast or slow as you're comfortable. This can be a beautiful experience."

Before he could answer I went back to kissing him. Izzy sat back and let me take the lead with David. I felt like a horny, slutty schoolgirl seducing the captain of the football team and I loved it. I don't usually have a role I play with men; it depends on my mood and what I want how assertive I am. That's part of the fun of man-to-man sex. There can be a lot of fluidity in how things go and I love the variety and the thrill of it.

I continued by pulling his t-shirt up and rubbing his bare chest. I dropped my mouth down to one of his nipples and began sucking on it. He took the opportunity to pull his shirt the rest of the way off. I kept sucking on his nipple while my hand found its way to his crotch. His dick was definitely hard and starting to strain at his shorts. I started rubbing his dick through his shorts and feeling its warmth as I rolled it around. Still sucking his nipple, I slid my hand up the leg of his shorts and started lightly touching his bare dick. That started him moaning with delight. I could tell that mansex was definitely making him plenty horny.

After a few more minutes of fondling and caressing his dick I stood up and said,

"If we're going to go any further you'll need to take your pants off."

He replied,

"And so will you."

I slid out of my pants and underwear and pulled off my polo shirt to reveal my hard cock bobbing around. He stood up and stepped out of his pants and then came forward to kiss me again. I pulled him in for a tender but firm kiss and soon one of his free hands found its way down to my cock. He started running his hand all around it and I got a little weak in the knees. I pulled away from him and sat down on the couch. I motioned for him to kneel down in front of me.

"Now it's time for you to have another experience. My cock is ready—touch it; feel it; run your hands over it. When you're ready, you can taste it. Start easily by running your tongue lightly around the head and then slowly take more of it in your mouth. After a little while giving a blow job will become completely natural and you'll wonder how you ever got through life without it."

He did as I suggested without any hesitation. He very delicately slid his hands around on my cock and it felt heavenly. He has amazingly soft hands. After some cautious exploration he tentatively started licking the head of my cock. I was getting really aroused by this time and I had to ask him to slow down so I didn't cum right away. I wanted to ensure that he had plenty of time to explore and get comfortable.

Meanwhile, I had lost all track of Izzy. She had moved from the couch to the armchair at the end of the couch so she could watch the action of her boyfriend's first homosexual encounter. She had a tight purple sweater on which was pulled up to expose her bare tits and she had a short black skirt that was pulled up around her waist. She wasn't wearing any panties, which was good because she was starting to stroke her clit with one hand while she pinched her nipple with the other.

David was starting to get comfortable with sucking my dick. At first he was having trouble keeping his teeth out of the way but eventually he figured it out and it seemed to become quite natural for him. I sat back and enjoyed his first blow job until I started getting close to cumming again. I pulled my dick out of his mouth and said,

"Dave, I want you to have a choice in what we do next. I'm close to blowing my load so you can have that now if you want or we can do anything else you're ready for. I want this introduction to mansex to be the best possible experience for you."

"If you cum now, do you think you could get hard again? I wanna try a bunch of things tonight."

"I'm sure with the right kind of stimulation I could get hard again."

I smiled as I said it. Hearing that, he dove back into my crotch and slurped up my dick again. He was a little bit sloppy but I could tell he was enjoying sucking on my dick. As I got close my balls tensed up. He could tell I was getting close so he pulled my dick out of his mouth and started jacking my cock with his hand. I didn't last too much longer until I came all over his face. I slumped back on the soft leather couch and he grinned like a fool, his face covered in my cum.

Izzy was nearing an orgasm of her own over on the chair. The rubbing of her clit got faster and more furious until finally her whole body jerked and convulsed and her head rolled forward in the bliss of release. After the orgasm subsided she laid across the arm of the chair with a satisfied look on her face.

"Boys, that was hot. Fucking hot. I never imagined how horny it would make me to see my boyfriend perform a sex act on another man. That make me, like, twice as wet as normal."

"Damn, woman," I said, "I know you have a high sex drive. Is that even possible?"

"Fuck yeah it is. That was awesome. How did you like it, sweetie?"

"Totally amazing. I feel so much more comfortable with a man than I first imagined I would. I would definitely do it again."

"Think you're up for another round tonight?" I asked.

"Definitely," he said, as he grinned a knowing smile at me and laid his head down on my knee.

"Well then," said Izzy, "Looks like we've got Round Two to look forward to!"