 "OK, boys, if you're ready for Round Two, let's move this to the bedroom where we can all be a little more comfortable."

Izzy wasn't one to mince words. She was a confident woman who went after what she wanted and got it. I had just finished introducing her boyfriend David to his first same-sex experience as he gave me a blowjob on their big leather sectional couch. He was ready for more, I was ready for more, and I could tell Izzy was definitely ready for more. She stripped off the rest of her clothes and pulled David up off the floor by his hand. I followed them up to their bedroom. It was dark when we got in there but Izzy had a few candles placed around the room to provide soft sex lighting. As she went around the room lighting candles, I sat on the bed and David followed. Soon the whole room glowed with the gentle light of the candles and the possibility of more steamy sex.

David sat down on the bed to my left and leaned back into my chest. I put my arms around him and started rubbing his chest, paying some close attention to his nipples. He leaned his head back into me and moaned softly. As we were cuddling, Izzy climbed on the bed behind us and joined our embrace. She put a hand on each of our chests and started rubbing. David instinctually rolled his head back to face her and they kissed deeply and passionately.

"Mmmmm, David—I love the taste of your tongue and mouth after you've had it around another man's cock. It tastes so strong and masculine... I just want to have a taste for myself."

"There's nothing stopping you from doing that, Izzy," I said. "You can suck me off any time you want. Of course, David might want me to use my hard-on for something else."

I shot Dave a knowing glance as I said that and he said to her,

"I don't know, babe; I think you could suck our friend here for just a little while."

That pretty much got my dick stirring again. Although I was definitely ready to fuck, I wouldn't mind another blowjob as a warm-up act.

I broke our three-way hug and moved myself up to the head of the bed, which Izzy had thoughtfully put satin sheets on so it would be easy to slide around. I spread my legs out wide so she could get good access to me. She took up a position on her hands and knees in front of me so she could suck my cock.

Her mouth felt warm and velvety, a little different from David's. I like getting my cock sucked no matter what, but there's definitely a difference between a man and a woman doing the job. I was enjoying how luxurious her mouth felt as she went down on me. David, not missing an opportunity for himself, climbed behind her and lowered his mouth down to her pussy. From our frequent, frank conversations in college, I knew that having her pussy eaten out was Izzy's favorite sexual activity. She once told me that she and a lesbian lover had spent the better part of two hours just going down on each other and she loved every minute of it!

David's talented tongue was having its intended affect on Izzy as she began moaning with my dick in her mouth, which only heightened the sensation for me. As much as I was enjoying her moaning on my dick, I didn't want to forget Dave and how special this night was supposed to be for him.

"Dave, I while I love Izzy's mouth on my cock, I don't want to leave you out of this. This is your special night. What else do you want to do with me?"

Dave pulled up from lapping at Izzy's labia and said, "I really want you to fuck my ass. Izzy has been using toys on me and it feels amazing but I really want to experience the real thing."

"OK, Izzy, you heard the man," I said, halfway jokingly. She knew what I meant and she slid my shaft from her mouth, licking the underside the whole way and making me shiver with delight.

"Baby," she said, "Let's get you ready for your first real cock. You lay on your back on the edge of the bed and I'll get you ready for your first real fuck."

He slid around and did as she suggested. He grabbed his ankles and pulled them up to his chest. I could tell that she had given him some practice with one of her strapons and he was more than ready.

She stood up and pulled open the drawer of the night table and said to me, "There's lube and condoms here. Get yourself all ready while I prep Dave."

I took my nicely hard, slick cock and ripped open one of the rubbers and rolled it down over my cock. It felt great as the smooth rubber stretched over the head and went down the shaft. While I was doing that, Izzy was kneeling in front of the bed caressing Dave's dick and licking all around his balls. I could tell she had given him some anal foreplay before because he was starting to relax despite the anticipation of what was about to happen. Before long she was licking all around his asshole and she moved one of her fingers down to gently press into it. I handed her the lube and she started to squeeze a little bit out onto her finger. She slowly pressed it into his ass and worked the lube in. She was really showing her sexual experience with the time she was taking and the delicacy she was showing to prepare his ass for my cock.

Her prep work on his ass continued with more lube and more fingers until she was easily working three fingers in and out of him. He was whimpering and rolling his head around as his ass found the delight from her fingers. As soon as she was satisfied, she pulled her fingers out of him and stood up.

"He's all yours. Make it good."

I walked over to him and leaned down close so my rubber-covered dick was right at his asshole. I had lubed myself up good and the lube was just starting to drip and run down the shaft of my dick toward my balls.

"I'm gonna make you feel so good, baby," I said as I leaned my weight against him.

Do it! Give me that cock! I'm ready for a good fucking."

He really didn't need to tell me twice. I took my hand and gripped the shaft as I carefully pressed into his ass. I could feel the heat of his manpussy as I gently pushed into him. The tension of his sphincter felt amazing on the head of my dick. I pressed in more firmly and more of my cock entered him.

"Does that feel good, baby? Does it? Do you like my cock in you?"

"Oh yes... yes. Please give me more!"

Pretty soon I was all the way in. I could feel my balls against his ass and his dick against my lower abs. I took the moment to lean forward and gently kiss him on the lips. He started darting his tongue into my mouth and I started sucking it back in. There we were—two men connected in lust with my dick inside of him and our tongues dancing around. I broke the embrace to say,

"Are you ready for me to start fucking you now? Your ass sure does feel good on my cock. I'm loving this. Are you enjoying it?"

"Oh, yes. Yes. Yes! YES!! I'm ready! Fuck me now. Fuck me good!"

I didn't need any more prompting as I slowly pulled out of his ass almost all the way. I didn't want this to be a rush job because I wanted him to really be able to savor having another man make love to him. I slowly pushed back into him and then withdrew again. This slow, luxurious fucking continued on with him writhing his head around in obvious ecstasy. With each thrust into him I felt the hot, tightness of anal penetration on my dick. It felt wonderful to be balls-deep in this handsome man splayed out before me.

Izzy was starting to really get excited again. I could tell by her comments.

"Oh, yes! That's it! I want you to fuck my boyfriend for me. I want to see him take that gorgeous cock! Oh fuck yeah! I wanna get in on this action!"

David suggested she straddle him and suck his cock while I was fucking him. Since I was going slowly and carefully it wouldn't be too difficult for her so she climbed on top of him and took his hard, throbbing cock in her mouth. This left her pussy exposed right over his face so he buried his tongue in her snatch once more.

I was in ecstatic bliss as I was fucking David building up to a slow, steady climax. Meanwhile, it was doubly hot to see Izzy sucking him off while he ate her pussy laid out in front of me. By the sounds of her muffled moans, Izzy was also enjoying David's tongue-lashing on her clit. David was beyond a doubt enjoying his first manfucking and the simultaneous blowjob from his hot girlfriend.

I could feel the familiar tension building up in my balls and I knew it was all going to come rushing out soon in a torrent of sperm. I let them know that I was getting close and I was about to start fucking a little faster to build up to that orgasm. Izzy pulled off Dave's dick and said,

"I want you to fuck him until he cums from it. I wanna watch that dick spurt out from you hitting his prostate."

"That won't take much longer. I'm getting close now and I think he is, too."

I reared back and grabbed David's thighs and really started pounding my dick in his ass. He pulled off Izzy's cunt and started moaning louder and louder until he started to cum. The anal spasms from his orgasm sent me over the edge and then I started to cum. His jets of cum shot out all over his chest and some got on Izzy's face. She then lowered her pussy back onto Dave's mouth so he could bring her to an orgasm, which he quickly did with his skilled tongue on her clit. As my dick softened up it slid from Dave's ass and I stepped back.

"Wow. That was a lot of work but worth it. I haven't cum like that from fucking a man in a long time."

"That was uhMAZING!" was all Dave could say as his body collected itself from the thorough sexual workout he had just received. Izzy, still coming down from her orgasmic bliss, climbed off Dave's chest and said,

"Well, baby, was it all you wanted it to be?"

"Oh yes. That was incredible. I never knew sex with a man could be so passionate or so intense. I definitely want to do that again."

"And I definitely want to do that with you again, baby. That was so fucking hot! I've always loved two men fucking. It's strong and primal and powerful and so erotic."

"I'm glad I could be of service to both of you."

We all three laughed at my comment as I collapsed on the bed next to Izzy. I started stroking Dave's cheek tenderly as I asked him my next question,

"Dave, is there anything else you'd like to do while I'm here?"

"Maybe there is... let's see how we recover from this first, though."