 My friend Izzy, her boyfriend David, and I were all sweaty and sexxed out after having a couple rounds of hot, steamy sex. Izzy and David had been together about six months and were starting to talk about exploring his sexual boundaries. Izzy had always been a libertine, having had many experiences with both men and women and a few relationships of varying length with either. David and I had started cautiously with him blowing me on the couch and then Izzy directed us to the bedroom where I had just given him his first male ass-fucking. He was loving every minute of it. By this point, though, I was getting horny for someone to fuck my ass. At that point I didn't care who; it could be Izzy with her strapon or Dave with his cock. Either way, I wanted one of them to fuck ME!

It didn't take long of us laying on the bed recovering from the sex before the caressing and cuddling began anew. I started stoking Izzy's large tits which had its intended affect as she started getting horny all over again. Soon she was caressing David and rubbing his crotch lightly as if to wake his cock up from a long slumber. Eventually I got up on one arm and started sucking on one of Izzy's nipples. David took that as a cue and did the same. Once his face was close to mine, I almost instinctively moved my face up to kiss him and he responded without hesitation. We kissed deeply and then broke away to continue tonguing Izzy's nipples. This was having an effect on her as well because she soon started rubbing her pussy lips. With all of us building our sexual energy back up, I broke my lip lock on Izzy's tit and said,

"OK, guys, it's my turn. I'm really horny again and I want one of you to fuck me. I don't care who. Izzy, you can do it with one of your strapons or I'll take David's cock. Either way, I want someone to lube my ass and fuck me good."

Dave lifted his head up to mine again and kissed me one more time. This time the kiss lingered a lot longer, as we were both feeling passionate and he was getting really comfortable with male sexuality.

He broke our kiss and said, "I'd like that challenge, but I don't want to leave Izzy out of this. What do you say we both lube up and take turns fucking you?"

I responded, "That would be awesome. Izzy, grab your favorite dick and strap it on. I'm about to go for a ride!"

We broke up our kissing and caressing and Izzy got off the bed to rummage through one of her drawers. She selected a big, black strapon dildo and carefully stepped into the harness. Meanwhile, I got laid on my back on the bed and spread my legs. David, not quite used to what to do when preparing a man for anal sex, hesitated for a minute before Izzy said,

"Davey, honey, get the lube and start lubing up his hole. Be very gentle, like he did to you. You know how we always do it."

He did as she directed and got the lube. I shuddered just a little bit as the cold lube hit the crack of my ass and ran down. I loved the feeling of being lubed up. Having that lube run down my ass only meant that my ultimate pleasure, a good fucking, was imminent. He took one finger and started working it into my ass. It felt amazing as he stretched my asshole. I could feel my dick getting stiffer as I got more and more aroused with the anal foreplay. Soon I was loosening up and he moved on to a second finger, and then a third. By that time he knew I was ready for him.

"Now Dave, sweetie, you fuck him first. Get him good and loose for me. He'll need to be ready for this monster dong."

Dave grabbed a condom from the drawer and put it on his quivering dick. His cock was standing out, about six inches, and bouncing around from the excitement he felt as he was about to fuck his first manpussy. He poured more lube on his dick and brought it to my ass. I was almost in heaven as he started pressing slowly into me, stretching my asshole and filling me up with the feeling of lust that comes from a good, hard cock. Eventually he got all the way in. Izzy came over and wrapped her arms around him as he had his cock in me. She was cooing and giving him encouragement as he gently leaned against me, cock buried deep inside.

"Oooh, yeah, baby! That's it! Doesn't it feel to have your cock in another man? Isn't it delicious? Don't you just love the closeness; the tightness?" She started tonguing and nibbling at his ear. He shivered from the sheer erotic overload of being balls-deep in my ass and having his girlfriend make love to his ear with her tongue. 

"Now fuck him good!"

She stepped back from him and he started thrusting in and out of my ass, really picking up some momentum. She stood back behind him and gave him words of dirty-talking encouragement, telling him to fuck me good and make me feel really good like his little slut. I was loving it and he was doing a great job of fucking me. I could tell he had plenty of experience with butt-fucking from before.

Because he was exhausted, he didn't have much stamina to continue fucking me so he pulled out and motioned for Izzy to tap in, which she gladly did. Her strapon was larger than Dave's cock and felt amazing as it stretched my ass out even more.

"Oh God, Izzy, that thing is huge! You're such a size queen!"

"You're going to be the size queen by the time I'm done with your ass!"

She started fucking me with abandon, pounding my ass as hard as she possibly could. Just before I started building to another orgasm, she stopped her motion.

"Dave, come here and fuck my ass while I pound our friend. I think we ALL need a good ass-fucking tonight!"

Dave was only too happy to comply and he stripped off the condom, put a new one on, poured some lube on it, and pressed it up against her asshole. It slipped in easily, owing to her horniness and her experience with anal sex. Once Dave had established a comfy rhythm fucking her, she went back to fucking me. Soon we were all connected, cock-to-ass, and building up to an amazing finale.

It didn't take much more of her thrusting that monster dildo against mo prostate before I erupted in a torrent of hot, sticky cum on my chest. Dave soon did the same within Izzy's ass and Izzy shuddered with a powerful orgasm of her own. We all uncoupled from our anal bliss and laid down on the bed together, completely spent.

"Baby, how did you like your first taste of mansex?"

"Oh babe, I loved it. I would definitely do this again sometime."

"Awesome. I can start planning things for you and I."

"Definitely. I could go for that again and again."

And with that, all of us covered in the hot, sticky aftermath of amazing sex, drifted off to a light sleep.