 Whenever I need to come, I just have to think back to those busy few days on the set, when both J and V touched my life in a most special way.

That had been when I worked in the Industry as a sort of creative script consultant – a job I set up to both enhance the actor’s methoding, and therefore cut down on the studio’s worries. I was a sort of go-between, acting as interface between Director and producers on one side, and of course all the actors on the other.

That one day, I was in J’s trailer early in the afternoon, preparing with her for a scene to be shot early next day. It was more a pre-focus chat, just something I liked to make available if needed – a preparatory run through to the real-thing pre-shoot psych-up, before doing the scene. The mood was therefore light and casual, an atmosphere played up to by a warm spring light coming in a flood into the trailer from the forest outside.

She was sat, well, semi-reclined really in her easy chair with her legs stretched out before her – relaxed, dressed still in the jeans and blouse from the previous scene, done and wrapped little earlier.

She kept her eyes closed whilst gently massaging her temples, as my voice read on ahead for her through the work at hand. I was sat opposite, leant forward with a copy of the script casually folded open to the right spot in my lap, and taking every opportunity I could of eyeing her sleek form up and down, all stretched out and alluring before me.

I had always had a thing for her, but after two weeks of relatively close proximity on this shoot, my need had grown to explosion point. Even after just ten minutes in her presence, my nipples were swollen and making me aware that they were so dangerously sensitive, that I just knew I would need to attend to myself shortly afterwards, a state not being helped by every slight stroke of contact against the inside of my loose shirt, as I turned the pages, and…fidgeted ever so discreetly.

Predictably the mood was good, even if J’s expression kept slipping back into that vaguely troubled look she had, a thing which she did so endearingly I felt, and which she had created over the past few years into something of a trade-mark on-screen.

As I read and watched her, I felt the need grow, and contemplated calling a swift break early instead of waiting, all so that I could go to the toilet and play with myself quickly – it wouldn’t take long, I just knew it.

Instead, I managed to finish up reading, leaning back easily and taking a slight thrill in knowing that my nipples now pressed against the shirt’s light fabric, would certainly be visible in their hardness – I didn’t care, these people were used to being adored, and if they weren’t okay with the fact that other people got off on looking at them, then they shouldn’t be working in this end of the industry.

‘So – what was it you in mind for playing this particular scene?’

J frowned as if upset mildly at being pulled back from some nice thoughts.

‘Oh – hell. I just need to go to the bathroom first!’ She was up in a single move and gone off down into the trailer’s mid-section. Upon hearing her movements around inside there, I slipped a hand quickly down inside my jeans, opening my legs and leaning back further – enjoying the excitement of that intimate, sliding touch whilst knowing she was so nearby. It added to the thrill doing myself in the place she was living in.

Of course I was sat more correctly by the time she returned – still cross-legged, but more demurely so than seven seconds earlier, with a leg over each armrest and my hand massaging openly between them. She looked at me briefly while sitting down, her glance flicking up my body: ‘You want a quick break first? Looks like you could do with it.’

I kept my calm, not really sure if she meant what it sounded like she meant – these things are very prone to misconstruction.

‘No, I’m fine thanks.’

‘You sure…?’ She hesitated briefly. ‘I always find that I concentrate better without, y’know – such distractions getting in the way.’

I smiled, relaxing and feeling a little silly at assuming she had been talking about masturbation: ‘Ah well, I am not the one who is concentrating the hardest here. I’ll live.’

‘Yes but that’s my point. I need to relax, I always do so before a scene, even in rehearsal – and I don’t want you thinking I’m weird or something.’

‘Sorry…?’

J looked exasperated for a second, tossing her hair back with decision, gesturing so characteristically, with her hands ending claw-like before her, wrestling the words forcibly out of thin air.

‘Look, I just have to have a little play with myself beforehand, and I don’t like doing it in the bathroom – it’s a child-memory hang-up thing. I just tried back there, but it didn’t work.’ She glanced at me intently. ‘I’m sorry but I didn’t get time before you got here, so I’d feel more comfortable if you were just okay about this, or even if you did it too – that’s why I asked, ‘cause I’d be able to get on then and prepare this scene just fine.’

Without too much of a pause I looked at her and smiled quite naturally. ‘Sure, I don’t mind.’ The smile was more for myself at being doubly caught out… ‘Any good analyst should allow a client full freedom to express themselves, however they want – just like Frank Zappa said, “as long as it doesn’t cause a murder”.’

She looked at me a little strangely, at which point I realised that as a professional New Yorker, she might have a different perspective on analysts than I. It was my turn to gesture vaguely. ‘Please go ahead – and I will join you if that makes things better.’

She nodded and reclined back, closing her eyes as both hands unbuttoned her jeans smoothly, opening them all the way down to the crotch, now beautifully visible – the tight and alluring curved bulge of her Mons Veneris temptingly visible now that she had parted her legs a little, allowing a hand to move itself more easily down inside.

I just watched her for a moment, concentrating on absorbing all the details before me for as long as I politely could – I daren’t let slip that I was getting off on this as much as I was; yet at the same time it was difficult not to show that I was unable to believe my luck.

Her legs parted further as I watched, hand moving clearly now inside her jeans, eyes closed and lips suggesting with subconscious mimicry of those other lips, now under her fingers’ touch. I opened my own jeans, and slipped a hand down inside them to feel my very own wet self, imaging that it was her hand doing the touching.

Vying with what I was seeing before me, was a certain other scene rehearsal worked out earlier with V – a personal adaptation of the one in the script. He had wanted to run it by me and asked for a special run through, to help with mental preparation for a difficult scene still days away on our schedule, and I smiled to myself as I stroked now thoroughly wet fingers up and down the opening furrow between my lips – we would need to practise that one each day, if he was to get it right.

I saw him naked and looking distraughtly down at that pleasingly huge erection, caught between glancing boyishly back up at me, and looking gorgeously dishevelled in that way that hadn’t left a dry seat in cinemas for the last five years. His difficulty was that he must play the big break-up scene while nude, and of course with no erection. The problem was that he couldn’t, because he confided to me that he found J so attractive that it wouldn’t be possible, not without considerable mental preparation. I could understand that, glancing across at her now with her jeans pulled down further, legs wider so that I could see her all, her hand having forced her panties down to show her pubes most deliciously.

So I had offered to take on J’s role for him, manipulating the scene and situation to benefit myself as much as it would him, but all in the name of good team-work, of course. He was to come in from the bedroom, ostensibly having just woken, to find her half-reclined on the sofa, watching TV quietly.

To arouse him as much as J would, I had matter of factly suggested that I play the role nude, upping the ante behind his back by moving the sofa around and letting him come in to discover me lain out in full view, stroking away at myself. It had done the job alright, his penis rising inexorably from limp companion, to hard erection in mere seconds.

Nor during our subsequent, de…briefing chat, had it gone down. I did though, as another suggested cure for the situation at hand, being the quickest way to get him off – because we needed to rehearse with him flaccid, and underneath it all, I wanted to drink him down me so badly by that point, that it hurt.

In my mind I relived it in relevant detail – my first encircling touch of his hot, hard flesh, fingers barely able to grip him all the way around. I actually came at that precise moment in time, purely at the thought of that girth sliding up inside me. Then my lips approaching and sliding wider open to take his tip slowly into my mouth, gliding down and down until he was as deep as I could take him – the back of my tongue rubbing back and forth over the glans softly. My hand stroking him up and down as my head stared moving rhythmically up and down on him – hearing him gasp.

He had come quickly, hot and thick in my mouth, something that I could still taste even now, feeling my lips around his hardness with my mind’s mouth also, remembering the smooth-stretched feel of his drawn back foreskin under my tongue, then the last swelling up as his sperm splashed deep into my throat.

At that thought I came with a shudder, unable to help myself – even if I had wanted it all to be because of J still stroking herself before me.

She looked across at me: ‘Oh honey, you came quick. Tell me your fantasy.’ She was stretched out like a half-drawn bow, her crotch the apex, with fingers sliding up and down more slowly now as she looked back at me with half-hooded eyes.

I decided that a little adaptation of the truth wouldn’t go amiss – besides, an idea had begun to form – but that’s what an ideas person does.

‘Oh, I was just thinking back to earlier today.’ I gave her a slight, quietly-conspiritial laugh. ‘I was with V – and I find him so…mmh! I just couldn’t help myself.’

J smiled knowingly in return, her fingers’ pace shifting to deeper strokes inside her panties, eyes closing again. ‘Oh yeah…don’t stop!’

I licked my lips, lining up the thoughts and selecting the images I’d need from that earlier session of sucking him off, and the two fuckings he’d given me after his erection had come back to haunt him with each subsequent attempt at the scene.

‘He was telling me about an idea he had for the break-up scene – y’know, the one scheduled for the end of this week. He thinks it should be stronger, more like with you nude and watching some porn when he comes in – maybe stroking yourself too, like now. It would bring more tension to the scene, confrontation - but he wouldn’t want to offend you by making such a direct suggestion – professional ethics…’

She snorted as she continued stroking herself.

‘Bullshit – I’d like that too, and to see him hard for me!’ She struggled, scissoring her legs so that her jeans came down to her ankles, allowing her more freedom of motion with those legs to parting to their delicious looking widest.

‘Oh, it gets better – he didn’t stop there.’ I got up whilst still talking and moved toward her. ‘Once he had said it, he began running through some other scenario options – it was as if these were his own fantasies, all stored up and ready to roll.’ I knelt down directly before her open legs. ‘He thought it would be good to surprise you, announcing his presence with a kiss to your inner thigh…’ J moaned, ‘…and then work them up your legs.’ I placed my own hands on her knees and leaning in slowly I kissed her exactly so. J gasped and arched her back. ‘Ohhh…yesss!’

I moved my kisses gently up her thighs, advancing in alternate parallel approach, until I was close enough to smell her heat, and my lips were a mere lick-distance away from that shield of moving fingers inside her slip – it was now or never. I lifted the fabric aside and slid my tongue gently across her knuckles – her moan was urgent, so I glided it wetly down between her slowing fingers, inserting it between them to touch her very wet lips – giving me in return, a definite pre-orgasmic tingle.

J groaned with sweet anticipation, her fingers lifting the panties up and away for me, opening the way – so I went in, tongue licking up between her open lips, and then down again, penetrating deep into her wetness. My lips settled against hers, feeling their softness, and I let my long tongue’s probing glide, curve up in one unstoppable move of penetration.

There was a sudden wash of juices over my tongue, and J came with a short grunt followed by a long shudder, squirting all of her orgasm into my waiting mouth.

I reluctantly withdrew my tongue after that, but kept on licking up around her twitching clitoris as she subsided gently, only drawing back when her breathing had fully slowed.

Done, I knelt back and stood up, apparently absorbed with slowly adjusting my own clothing while stood there just before her.

‘Oh – that is definitely a fantasy worth remembering – and also something worth doing again…’ Her hands reached out to halt my own in their slow-motion fastenings, and I looked into her eyes. ‘I haven’t had an orgasm like that in a long, long time.’ She smiled a little uncertainly. ‘Shall we get naked and try to find some more? I’d like that.’

My smile was superfluous, as she unfastened my jeans and pulled them down, panties and all. ‘Y’know, you really must be more careful.’ She added semi-casually. ‘I saw you touching yourself when I was in the bathroom.’

‘Oh…’

She grinned in that casually genuine kind of way she had. ‘Don’t worry – I liked it. It turned me on very much, and let me make my suggestion.’ Stepping out of her jeans, she got up and walked toward the bedroom area, looking back over her shoulder, her eyes beckoning me to follow as she went. I didn’t need any more encouragement than to follow that perfect behind as it moved enticingly before me, excitement mounting with each step, watching her lay down fluidly on the bed – all grace and powerful sexual allure.

I moved into her waiting embrace, feeling J’s lips move in to kiss lightly between my breasts, their path spiralling outward to catch every sensitive part of them in increasing circles. Warm tongue and wet lips teased at my nipples in passing, then she rolled me over onto my back, her tight belly settling down between my legs – and as she began to move her kisses downwards, I came again from sheer expectation of the moment.

I stroked at her shoulders and sides, cupping my hands smoothly under those breasts, lightly massaging their firmness with a continuous motion, her breathing telling me she liked that very much.

That breath was also something I could feel tangibly moving through my trimmed pubic hairs, causing me to hold myself in anticipation of that first magic-moment contact. Probing, her tongue sent an electric jolt of pleasure through every nerve path, straight through my body to the nipples – I almost had another orgasm, my ninth of the day counted back up from this morning’s first before getting up, then the five with V and now two so far with her – with a promise of many more to, umm come...

Gathering my lips up with her tongue she sucked them slowly into her mouth, then sending her tongue in between, slid it in just under my clit – and just then, I did get my ninth.

Still panting I gently lifted her face up, then rolling myself around to kiss her, we moved into an embrace, body to body – nipples brushing against each others’ and hands smoothly stroking from knees and calves, up to necks and jaws.

I became lost in that tangle, my thigh moving variously with gentle thrusts between hers – the wetness there easing her back and forth with additional flexings of her hips over my muscles, as I was over hers, straddling an equally forward thrust thigh – one hand concentrating on lightly tracing my palm over the tightness of her hip, and down around over her ass.

J in turn was delightfully stroking light fingers up from my shoulder to ear, in shiver-inducing slides of skin on skin – spending a long time doing this while the other concentrated her palm around a readily available and very hard nipple.

Then we had our hands moving knowingly between each others’ legs, both stroking and coming again and again while we kissed urgently to tenderly for a while, before both of us departed along a nibbling trajectory down the other’s body, ending in a close-clutch of rubbing crotches against the other, our wetness mingling in warmth and electrifying tingles, especially when our swollen clitoris’ touched.

Nor did it halt there, although I certainly had lost track of how many orgasms had taken me since entering the bedroom – or indeed how long it had been since it all began. We were engaged in a close and gentle soixante-neuf, our faces buried and tongue-led, pacing the other with our breath tickling the other’s wetness, and slowly building toward another, hopefully mutual orgasm – when the door rattled to a brisk knock from outside.

Surfacing reluctantly from that place we had both reached, J looked at me: ‘Oh hell, what time is it – have I missed the pre-scene meeting?’ She was up and searching for her robe. A part of me had to admire how her professionalism reflexively overrode all else.

J was grabbing up her bedside clock when the second knock came, causing her to look around at the door, posture frozen with a frown clearly saying: Runners almost never knocked a second time so quickly, so who could it be? I looked at her and shrugged.

She gestured me over into the corner with an apologetic, furrowed brow. ‘Damn – I’d better go and see who it is now that I am up. Get ready to hide just in case.’ I nodded and did as she said, while J went back through the trailer, shouting: ‘Alright – I’m on my way!’ By the sounds of it, remembering to pick up all of our clothing on the way and bundling them familiarly together behind the sofa.

I moved myself pre-emptively into her spacious wardrobe, just in case – glad that they were of the old-fashioned slatted kind, which would at least allow me a chance to hear what was going on. From this vantage I could see her bedside clock showing almost a full hour-and-a-half before her next call – I smiled, feeling myself begin to get horny again at the thought of our continuation, once this distraction had been dealt with.

I could hear voices, hers and a male, deep and familiarly paced. It sounded like V had come to pay her a social call: After what he’d been telling me? Perhaps he hoped to exercise a little therapeutic exorcism – well, he’ll have his baptism of fire all right, with J clothed obviously in nothing but her dressing gown, and surrounded by a cloud of enough sexual pheromones to stop a riot in its tracks. Worse still, there was nothing I could do throughout, but wait.

It couldn’t have been long after though, when I heard J’s voice approaching, still talking in that way people have when they are dealing with large spatial distances and guests – she was coming back toward the bedroom, probably to get more suitably dressed while V amused himself with a drink – my memory of the shooting schedules told me that he was now done for the day. I cursed, realising that we wouldn’t get that mutual orgasm now – nor later, or maybe never.

‘…must say that the idea sounds worth a shot.’ I saw her come back into the bedroom and slip her robe off. She turned to me and gave a wink.

‘So let’s see how this works out.’ I saw her get back on the bed, naked still, and wondered what was going on – what had been said?
