 Claire had it all set up. We'd gotten a hotel room for the night, because I thought it might be weird to do it in our home. See, Claire has this fantasy where she fucks another man and I watch. I wasn't exactly sold on the idea myself. Seeing her get fucked is a huge turn on for me, but only because I love watching me take her in the videos we make. But, that is always me watching myself do her and after the fact. To watch her with someone else live was something altogether different. When I told her I wasn't sure about it, she reminded me of all the fantasies of mine that we'd already done. In the past, I'd seen her with another girl and even had a threesome with that same girl. She lets me come on her wherever I want and take pictures. Anything I want to do, she'll at least try. So, I found myself without much of an argument and here we are in a hotel room waiting for a man I'd never met to arrive.

She knew him though. He was a male stripper and she had met him at one of her friend's bachelorette parties. I guess they've talked a few times since then when they'd bump into each other around town. She says it was never awkward. I trust my wife completely, so I've never worried about her having a thing with him or anyone else on the side. When I finally agree she messaged him online and asked if he would be interested. Of course, he was, because my wife is fucking hot and any guy should jump at the chance to do her. She has the curves that drive men wild. I'm sitting in the hotel room chair and she's lying on the bed when there's a knock on the door.

"It'll be fine," she tells me as she gets up to answer it. "You're going to love this. I just know it."

She looks through the peep hole just in case, but apparently it's him because she opens the door. A man walks into the room and he isn't what I expected at all. When I heard he was a male stripper, I assumed he would be tall and broad with chiseled muscles and probably always with oil rubbed into his skin. Instead, he was taller than me, but not by a lot. His dark hair was a little wavy. He wasn't scrawny by any means, but he wasn't as wide as a barn either. He did look like he was pretty muscular though. 

"This is, Jack," Claire says and closes the door behind him. "Jack, this is my husband, Jake."

"Nice to meet you," he says, striding over and giving me a firm but not too firm of handshake.

"You too," I manage to say, apprehension welling up inside me. Is Claire really going to have sex with this guy while I watch? Does she really want that or does she just like the idea of it? Is she going to regret this? Am I going to regret this?

"I'm going to go to the bathroom and get ready," Claire says pleasantly and practically bounces her way there.

I guess she really does think she wants to do this. I sit back down and Jack sits on the edge of the bed. We don't make eye contact. In a moment, I look up as Claire pokes her head out the bathroom door, her shoulders naked and asking to be caressed by me rather than him.

"Jack, could you tell him what we agreed on?" she asks, before closing the door again.

"Thought she would have told you. First," Jack says and now he is looking at me. "This is all for Claire and you. Not that I'm not planning on enjoying myself." He laughs. "I'll do what she asks or guides me to do, but I'm not going to do anything without her permission. If you want me to stop at any time, just say so. I'm not here to cause any problems."

I nod as he talks. He's at least making it sound okay. He seems like a good guy for the most part—friendly and kind. He understands the role Claire wants him to play perfectly. I'm a little shocked he's so willing and ready to play by her rules. Maybe he really wants her and that's why he agreed. He'd do anything to get her. Or maybe, he's just really into this kind of thing. Did she pay him to do it? It could be that too couldn't it? As the thoughts race through my mind, my heart quickens. Maybe Claire is onto something here. Just then, the bathroom door opens and Claire steps out wearing my favorite lingerie, a purple and black lacy bra with matching panties. She's done her makeup and her eye shadow matches her lingerie. She has her hair down and she's so gorgeous I want to tell Jack to leave then and there so I can have her all to myself. But, this is for Claire and I'll try to let her enjoy it and I'll know she'll enjoy it more if I look like I'm enjoying it too.

Jack stands up and I look over at him. His whole body looks tense and I know he's enthralled with the sight of my wife. I look back over at Claire and watch her get onto the bed and lay across it in a sexy pose on her side with one leg bent, her arm and hand resting along her the curves of her side. Her head is propped up by her other hand and her chest is thrust out. She tells us she's ready. I continue to watch her as I hear Jack walk farther away from me and take his clothes off. Then he's crawling onto the bed to join Claire. His body is all lean muscle and very tan. He doesn't seem to have a spot of hair on him beside for his head. I can't help but look at him since he's blocking my view of Claire and a part of me wants to really see him. It's like when you're watching porn. You don't want some guy with a tiny dick in it. You want to see someone hung who doesn't look like a complete sleaze. His ass looks rock hard. I see Claire as she sits up and they begin kissing. She turns him so that they are sideways and I can see them both now and I mentally thank her for it.

As he kisses her, he squeezes her tits and flicks her nipples. She runs her hands up and down his back, sometimes pulling his hair. They kiss hard and passionately. Claire doesn't seem to have an ounce of inhibition and he's more than willing to follow along. She pushes him onto his back and sits across him as they continue to kiss. She kisses her way all down his body and plants several on his dick standing straight up. She plays with his balls and I see him close his eyes and smile with pleasure. My pants are getting tight as my own dick gets hard watching them. I can't believe that I'm seeing my wife with another man and that I'm not only not stopping it, but getting turned on by it.

When I unzip my pants, Claire looks over at me from stroking Jack's cock and smiles. The smile is all for me and I know that even though she's with him her heart will always be with me. It gets easier to watch after that because we've both affirmed our enjoyment to each other. I pull out my dick and gently play with it, but not too seriously. I don't want to even get close to coming yet. I watch Claire bob her head up and down on his cock. She sucks on his balls and he squirms with pleasure. She straddles him again rubbing his dick up and down her pussy but she doesn't put him in and instead plants a large kiss on his mouth before rolling over and he is on top of her now. The kiss more and she uses her hands to push his head down. He kisses his way down her and puts his mouth on her pussy. She moans as he begins to eat her out. She runs her hands through her hair and yelps a few times with pleasure. I watch her play with her own tits and squeeze them harder and harder. She announces that she's going to come and I can hear Jack start licking louder. Her body starts to shake and she bucks her hips as she comes with his tongue buried in her wetness. He stops and looks up and I can tell he's not sure what to do next. His eyes are full of lust and I know he want's nothing more than to ram his cock into her tight pussy, but he also knows he can't go that far unless we let him. So he sits up on his knees and waits.

Once Claire has finished coming down from her orgasm, she looks over at me again and smiles. She gives her nipple a quick pinch through her bra as she continues to look at me and then rolls over and raises herself to her hands and knees. She turns just a bit so I can have the same view as Jack and I see her large ass in the air begging to be smacked. She crawls forward just a bit to the end table and grabs something. She shakes her ass for us before turning around and sitting down. She holds up a condom for me to see. She's asking me permission to let him fuck her. I don't hesitate to nod and she looks at me with love. She hands the condom to Jack and he quickly puts it on. Claire lies on her back and puts her legs in the air. Jack pulls off her panties and tosses them to the side. He lies on top of her cradling her head under his arm and I know he's entered her when she lets out a breathy sigh. She clamps her legs around him and he slowly rocks his hips, gently fucking her.

I reach down and pick up her discarded panties. I can see that they're drenched with her pussy juices and I can smell her sweet sex on them. I rub the soft fabric on my dick as I watch her take him. He's slowly sped up to the point that he's raising his hips all the way off her and slamming them back down again. He's groaning and she's moaning. He fucks my wife like this for several minutes before she puts her hands on his ass and he eventually takes the hint I already know and slows down. She pulls his head close to her and whispers something in her ear. He nods and moments later he's pulled out of her and is taking the condom off. Did she ask him to do that? I stop stroking myself and let the panties fall to the ground. He said I could stop it at any time. I stand up and am about ready to tell him to leave, that he can't come inside my wife when Claire turns to me and speaks first.

"I want you to fuck me from behind while I suck Jack off," she says and her eyes plead with me.

She knows I don't want to have a threesome with another man. She herself doesn't want to eat out another girl, just get eaten out by one. I don't want to have any sort of contact with another man. Though, in this case, if I take her from behind and he's in front, we don't really have to acknowledge each other and we can both stare down and enjoy our own view.

"Please," she begs and even goes so far as to get back on her hands and knees to give me the full view of her ass and wet swollen pussy.

"I'm going to fuck you so hard," I tell her and I start to take off my clothes. 

She looks over her shoulder creating my favorite pose as I can see her fat ass, dripping pussy, and gorgeous face. I climb onto the bed behind her and slap her ass. I unbuckle her bra so her tits can finally swing freely. I glance further up and see that Jack has positioned himself in front of her with his dick dangling inches from her lips. She takes it in her hand and strokes it. I slap her ass again and she gives a delight yelp.

"Fuck me. Both of you," she says and I see her put his cock in her mouth.

I look away and focus on pressing my own dick into her pussy. It unfolds before my head and her pussy lips quickly grab around my shaft eager for my dick. I begin to thrust slowly in and out and I can hear how wet she is. I can't help myself as I fuck her and I look up to see her with Jack's cock in her mouth. He too is rocking his hips and fucking her mouth. Her lips look so sexy wrapped around his dick. I can hear her taking him in front just as I take her from behind. I raise my eyes to Jack's level and see that he's admiring the view of me sliding in and out of her pussy from behind. We lock eyes for a moment as we both fuck my wife. Then, we both look away and I'm sure he goes back and forth between watching her sucking him and me fucking her just as I do too. Jack begins to groan loudly and I know he'll come soon. I watch intently as Claire sucks harder and harder until he can't take it anymore. He pulls out and gives his dick a few final strokes before he shoots his load all over her upturned face. He slumps back before scrambling off the bed. Claire rests her weight on one arm and turns her head to face me as I still ram her from behind. His cum drips down her face and she's the cutest thing ever with a face full of cum. Her looking like that full of pleasure, watching me fuck her from behind, is enough to send me over the edge. I come deep inside her. She sighs with pleasure with each burst from my dick.

Afterwards, she goes to the bathroom to clean off and Jack is standing naked on the other side of the room cleaning off as well. I lay on the bed on my back and in a few moments Claire comes back and curls up in my arms.

"I told you that you'd like it," she says.

I nod in agreement.