 A few months ago, Jack fulfilled my fantasy of having two men in bed with me at once. It was a very hot encounter and since then our sex life has been quite intense. If you would like to read it too, it is posted here as Jack Fulfills Wife's Fantasy. It seems to have awakened a new level of desire for each other. We have had so many mind blowing sessions and, like the day that followed, I have become able to orgasm from kissing which is amazing. The intensity of my orgasms seem heightened and we have had sex nearly every day since then, sometimes two or three times.

About a week after our threesome, I asked him what his fantasy was. Jack was a bit hesitant but he told me he would really like to have a foursome with another couple. I had always thought having another woman in bed was not really something I was interested in, but after our threesome and feeling that raw desire of two men at once, I wanted him to feel that same thing. To have two women in bed that both wanted him and wanted to please him and be pleased by him. We agreed to be open to the situation if it should arise. If nothing else, we thought it would be nice to meet another couple with similar interests to hang out with.

We exchanged messages with a couple people that frequent the club, but on our visits did not manage to connect with them. We decided to go to the club on New Years and be a bit more outgoing and meet some new people. When we arrived the place was already hopping and people were dancing and having so much fun. As the evening went on, we chatted with other couples, danced and drank. We enjoyed the view of those brave enough to walk around scantily clad or sporting sexy underwear. We spent some time chatting with a couple and before the night was over, we had both kissed her. I have kissed a women before but not like that It was very sensual and I was surprised how nice it was. We were enjoying the vibe of the club and although we went home alone, we had met some really nice couples and hoped one day we could get to know some of them better.

Jack messaged a couple we met that night the next day, Kat and Murley. Jack had spent some time dancing with Kat while Murley and I chatted a bit at the club on New Years Eve. A few days later we all started a group chat and was a great way to get to know them a little. We would talk about the day to day but also had a few more sensual conversations. Murley was working out of town, so after chatting a bit, we decided to get together and go out the next time he was home. . Essentially I guess, a first date. We met them at a local pub and played some pool. We agreed ahead of time that we would just see if there was chemistry and see what happened.

In the days leading up to our date, Jack and I had many conversations about what might happen. While we were both sure that swapping partners and sharing a bed would be very hot, we were all wondering what else might happen. Kat was definitely interested in being with a women and was not shy about it. Murley was definitely ok with enjoying two women at once, as was Jack. I really wasn't sure as I had never really considered seriously if I wanted to be with a women but I was definitely willing to see where the night would take us. Jack said he would love to watch me with another woman and after my New Years Eve kiss, I was much more intrigued by the idea.

As that day went on, we both were a little nervous, but also excited. It had after all been 20 years since either of us went on a first date. We met at the pub and ordered some drinks and played some pool. We flirted and made good effort to distract the men from their game. It was clear we were all having a good time and after a couple hours and a few games, we invited them back to our house.

We poured another drink and tried to relax. It wasn't long before Kat suggested kissing Jack to see if there was chemistry. And not long after that, I kissed her to see the same. I shared a kiss with Murley and it was clear to us all that there was indeed chemistry. Us ladies decided to slip into something more comfortable. I came out in my new bra and sexy underwear and a sheer robe and she came out in a sexy little sheer black polka dot babydoll. A little more kissing and touching happened and then we took them to our bedroom.

It was only a moment or two before Kat was taking off my bra. One of the men helped Kat out of her lingerie. We were soon on the bed kissing and touching. It didn't seem weird or anything like I thought it would. She was a great kisser and her skin was so soft. More sensual then kissing a man and such a turn on. The men were both right there and touching us as well. I was still wearing my panties and Kat very quickly helped me out of both. I kissed her breast and my hand found its way between her legs. I was very aware of the men there, but in that moment it was just about me and her. Caressing and kissing, touching and just enjoying it all. Before I knew it, she had me on my back and her mouth was on my pussy. Licking and sucking and caressing me. I was so turned on, as I am now remembering it as I type this. The men were on either side of the bed and as she continued I had a cock in both hands and both their hands on my body and their hands on her.

It seemed only natural that it was my turn to pleasure her, and she turned around and climbed on top of me...her pussy right there for me to enjoy. I didn't hesitate. I licked and sucked her pussy like she had done to me while the men caressed us and watched. Although I had never done it before, she really seemed to be enjoying what I was doing. She was moaning and shaking and I came as she licked my pussy.

The men hadn't had a lot of attention yet, so we turned our focus to Murley. After our chats we had learned that he would really like to have two women take care of him, so we set out to do just that. We took turns sucking his cock and then we decided to ride him. Kat climbed on his cock and I straddled his face. As we did, we kissed and fondled each other and Jack sat back and watched the show. I came on Murley's face and Kat road him I hope that he enjoyed that as much as I did.

It wasn't long before Jack decided it was his turn to taste Kat's pussy. She laid on the bed and I kissed and caressed her as he licked her pussy. It was so intense to see him enjoying her as I did. Murley watched for a while and then turned his attention to me. As Jack slid his cock in to her, Murley decided that was a great idea and slid his cock in to me. We were laying right beside each other, able to touch and kiss and caress while we enjoyed each others partners. Jack slowly and gently fucked Kat at her request, but I was definitely in the mood for something a little rougher. Murley pinned my legs up and fucked me hard. It was intense and felt so good and it wasn't long before I was squirting all over him as I came. Jack was feeling it too and it wasn't long before he came.

We were all a little spent so Jack offered to get us all some water. We took a little break to catch our breath and I went off to the washroom When I came back the men were busy tying Kat to the bed at her request. I was surprised by how quickly and efficiently they managed to do this. She looked beautiful laying there and it wasn't long before I was between her legs. I licked her pussy and slid a finger in her as the men caressed and kissed her. I really wanted to make her cum, but before I could she decided she would like some time with her man. He untied her and the two of them went and snuggled in the chair and Jack decided it was time to have me. He flipped me over on the bed and he slid his cock in me and began fucking me hard and fast. We could hear the two of them whispering to each other, but I am not sure what they were saying. Jack kept up his pace and not long after Kat was bent over the footboard getting fucked by Murley. Listening to them as we fucked was so hot. I couldn't see them, but just listening to them had me squirting again as Jack fucked me. They were suddenly on the bed beside us. Close enough to touch and caress. I came again and that set Jack off and soon he was cumming too. We decided to leave the room and let Kat and Murley enjoy each other on our bed. I slipped on my robe and went to the living room with Jack.

When they came out, we sat on the sofa together. Just talking and cuddling. Kat and I were on either side of Murley and Jack was on the other side of Kat. She was tired and snuggling Murley and he was slowly stroking my leg. It wasn't long and his cock was hard and ready to go. Since she was feeling pretty spent, I offered to take care of it.. I knelt beside him and took his cock in my mouth. Jack says I am great at giving blow jobs, so I decided to just go for it. As I took his cock deep in my throat, Kat began kissing him and Jack came behind me and started to rub my pussy. It wasn't long and Murley was on his back. I was sucking his cock and Jack slid his cock in me. As he thrust into me, I took Murley's cock all the way into my mouth, over and over again. I could tell this really turned both of them on. Watching this must have done the same for Kat, and moments later she was straddling his face. We kept at this for a little while, I came for Jack again. Murley was close to coming and Kat decided it was her turn to suck his cock. I sat back and Jack put his fingers in me and soon after I was coming again I rested on the couch and cuddled with Jack as Kat brought Murley to orgasm.

We all took a few minutes to catch our breath, and it was clear we were all pretty spent from an incredible evening. We cleaned ourselves up and they got ready to go home. We said our goodbyes and shared a few more kisses and caresses and they went on their way. After they left, we realized Kat had left her lingerie so I guess we will have to plan to get together again.

We poured ourselves another glass of wine and went off to the bedroom. We talked a little about the events of the evening, and it wasn't long before we were making out again. We were so turned on, that we were soon fucking again. After a couple hours with Kat and Murley, I was a bit surprised we had it in us to go again. We both came hard and were completely exhausted. We sent a quick message to our new friends and thanked them for a great night and were soon sound asleep.

***

If you have read my previous story, you would know that after our first threesome we were incredibly turned on for days after and had a very intense and sex filled week. It has only been a few days since our foursome, but the afterglow is quite similar.

The next morning I woke up quite early. I was turned on and needed more. I woke up Jack who admitted he was also having trouble sleeping I cuddled up to him and rubbed my hands on him. I felt like I was on the verge of an orgasm and after some making out and caressing I had a very intense orgasm before Jack could even slide his cock in me. It seems I have become very in tune with my body and have experienced several orgasms from kissing since our first encounter. Jack slid his cock in to my very wet pussy and before long I was squirting on him again. We talked about our night as he fucked me and before long he was coming too.

I decided to try and sleep some more, but it was not meant to be. We were still so turned on that our cuddling quickly progressed to groping and kissing. I decided to take charge and climbed on top of his now hard cock. As I rode him we again talked about events of the evening before. How I rode Murley's face while Kat rode his cock and how hopefully someday Jack would be able to enjoy the same. After riding his cock for a while and having several more orgasms, I was completely spent and feeling light headed. We decided to take a break and have some breakfast at a nearby restaurant. We chatted more about the evening...I wonder if the men beside us could hear our conversation?

We went back home and I rested in bed and we chatted a bit via message with Kat and Murley. I got up and had a shower and had to run to do errands. Later in the day I came home to find Jack ready to go again. He too had had a long hot shower and was feeling refreshed and horny. I climbed into bed with him and began to suck his cock. I took him all the way down as I had Murley the night before. He moaned and thrust himself into my mouth. I had a nice orgasm as I sucked his cock and he caressed me. He flipped me over on my back and slid his cock in me and I told him I hoped one day again to have two cocks in my pussy again. He got out one of our toys and penetrated me with it and fucked me so hard. I had orgasm after orgasm until my body was tingling and shaking all over. He came hard and we fell on the bed exhausted.

I had a previous engagement to attend so I got ready and went out for a few hours and let him rest. It is interesting to sit with friends knowing what you had been up to, but not really be into sharing. Although I do hope that having made some new friends at the club, that we remain friends so we have someone to share stories like this with. It would also be great to sit with coffee and share with our best friends the new experiences we have had, but I am not sure they would be as open as we are about it. So for now it will just be an amazing story I can share here, and with my love and our new friends.

When I came home that night, we could hardly wait to get naked in bed again. The sex was amazing and the orgasm mind blowing. We slept early that night and very well. I was remiss to have to get up and go to work the next morning, but it gave us a nice distraction for a while. When I came home from work we were quickly in bed once again and having a very intense session. I had several more orgasms and Jack again made me squirt all over him. We took a break to make dinner and I decided to start my story while the events were still fresh in my mind. Although, I am honestly not sure I have the timeline of the evening completely right, the main parts are very vivid. After spending some time reliving this as I write, I could hardly wait to get Jack in bed once again. I took a break as I was really feeling like having a really good fuck. I was feeling especially naughty and turned on. I asked Jack to not be gentle and really fuck me. He was happy to give me what I needed. He thrust into me so hard and deep. I came again and again. I suggested I had been a naughty girl and probably deserved a spanking. He did not disappoint. Sometimes a good spanking is so satisfying for us both, and this was by far the best one I have had. When he finished, he licked my pussy and put his fingers in me. It was clear he was intent on making me orgasm over and over. He soon had all of his fingers in me, and I rubbed my clit as he stroked me with his hand. It is hard to describe the kind of orgasm that this brings on. Intense and amazing. Despite this, we were still both so turned on and he began fucking me again. It seemed I just couldn't get enough of him. My pussy was feeling well fucked and needed a break. I suggested he slide his cock in my ass and he was quick to find the lube and get started. On rare occasion i find this such a turn on and he soon had me cumming again. We finished our night with some intense orgasms and some much needed sleep.

I am finishing this story the next evening, and as I wrap this up, I can't wait to get him into bed yet again. I assume he is replaying this in his mind, and I hope that the memory of me with Kat is something that he can think about for a long time to come. My pussy is wet and pulsing just thinking about the last few days and I hope he is just as ready as I am...

He most definitely was. I hope you enjoyed this encounter. This is a true story, and I wonder what will be the next story I will tell...