 It all started innocently enough, but things haven't been the same since.

I'd spent a couple of years in the Navy with a guy we'll call "Jack" - we were stationed in the same command and had become friends, but had drifted apart once I got assigned to a ship on the other coast. Jack and I had cruised chicks together, worked in adjacent shop spaces, lived down the hall in the barracks - the usual stuff that you do when you're in your twenties and on your own for the first time. But we'd never done anything that might have raised eyebrows, or anything else. We were, after all, in our twenties, and on our own for the first time, and besides, I hadn't even considered wandering from the straight and narrow yet, as I was having way too much fun chasing (and catching) women.

As often happens, we stayed very busy, and gradually drifted apart as the years passed, going from occasional phone calls to occasional letters to just an annual card during the holidays. It was the way of the world, and though regrettable, I didn't think much of it, and I doubt if he did, either.

After two tours I got out of the navy, and settled down in the last city I'd been stationed in. It was near enough to my home town that I could see my family when I wanted, but not so close that they'd be dropping in on me unexpectedly, and it had a far better social life than the one-horse town I'd grown up in. It also had some amenities that were only becoming popular, or even acceptable, then, and I began to explore other aspects of myself. This was, of course, before deadly diseases were as commonplace as they are now, and even so, I was (and still am) very careful. Jack stayed in, and the last I'd heard from him he'd gotten several promotions, and was well on his way to wearing khaki and digging himself into the early grave of middle-management.

So I settled down, went through the usual variety of shallow relationships that tend to make up the life of many guys in their late 20's, and did some (relatively) basic and innocent experimentation. But I hardly ever thought of Jack any more.

Until one day, when I got a phone call from Jack, telling me he'd been assigned to a ship that was ported near my new home town. I thought that was great, as I'd settled in pretty well in my new home, and knew a few places where the music, beer and ladies were very likely to bring back memories of our 'glory days.' So I gave him directions on how to get to my place, and we made plans to get together the next Saturday afternoon.

