 My last girlfriend was named Melissa and we lived in a little apartment in North Austin. We were both pretty adventurous sexually and liked to explore. To try an stimulate this, we came up with a rule that once a month each of us could insist that the other try something we wanted to do and the other person could not refuse. For example, on Super Bowl Sunday we invited about 15 to 20 people over to watch the game. Before they got there, I put all the attendee's names in a hat a pulled one out. I told Melissa that she had to try and get this person alone, give them a blow job and get some sort of video proof that it happened. She managed to pull that one off which was pretty incredible.

Our apartment complex was next door to a little neighborhood bar that pretty much was limited to beer and pool. But it was a fun spot and we headed down there at least once a week. On this occasion we ran into a work friend of Melissa's name Steve. He was a nice enough guy. The three of us shot pool and drank beers until closing time. We didn't want the part to end so we decided to head back to the apartment for a couple more beers.

Once we got to the apartment, I got Steve and myself some drinks and we started talking about how the Cowboys were doing. He was sitting on a small love seat to the right of me and I was on the big couch facing the TV. Behind the love seat was the walkway back to our bedroom. Melissa excused herself to go change. She said she couldn't stand the smell of smoke on her clothes and needed to get them off. Steve and I continued to chat for another couple of minutes and then I saw Melissa come back from the bedroom behind Steve. She had certainly changed clothes alright. She wasn't wearing a thing. She was no waif but wasn't big either. I described her as voluptuous. She had full breasts and a nice curvy ass. She was lightly tanned and completely shaved.

"Jack", she said. "Today is my day."

Steve didn't look too surprised so I guessed that he was in on it and this was a big set up. In fact, he was already taking his clothes off. He was in good shape, not that I was in bad shape but you could tell he worked out quite a bit. His abs were much more well defined than mine. His pants came off and I got a good look at his cock. He was starting to get aroused and it was already about 7 inches. Plus, I noticed that he had a big barbell right through the head. It looked like even his cock was working out. 

Melissa came around the couch and stood in front of me. I put down my beer and started to kiss her stomach. She had other ideas. She pulled my shirt up over my head and forcefully shoved me down on the couch. As soon as I was there, she picked up her leg and swung it over me so she was straddling my face. I didn't need her to tell me what to do next. I raised my head just slightly and starting licking her pussy. First her clit and then down her lips until I found her hole. I darted my tongue in and out and try to get it in there as far as I could. I could feel Melissa's hands on my chest so I was a little surprised when I felt my pants being removed. He got them off without any trouble and started sucking my already hard dick. Mine wasn't quite as big as his but it wasn't too shabby.

Steve was a really good cock sucker. I had never gotten a blow job from a man before but this really felt good. Maybe it helped to have a cock to know how to suck it. Either way, I was going to go with it. I felt Steve stop for a second and change positions. I felt his cock against mine. I couldn't see anything because I still had Melissa sitting right over the top of my face. She leaned forward and grabbed the two cocks and started to try and give us both a blow job at the same time. There was just too much manhood for that. She got the heads in but that was about all. 

She sat back up and I felt Steve stroke my cock with his hand. When Melissa was sitting back up, she grabbed my feet and pulled them up and tucked them behind her armpits. I felt a small amount of lube hit just below my balls and drip down to my asshole. Steve started massaging the area and then inserted his middle finger all the way up to the third knuckle. He rocked it back and forth. It was feeling really good. I started really giving Melissa's pussy a work out with my tongue. Steve removed his finger and I felt him take the head of his cock and run it up and down the crack of my ass. I was starting to get a little nervous now. I had never had anything bigger than a finger up there before. He started to push the head of his cock against my asshole looking for it to give way. I tensed up and really grabbed hold of Melissa's ass.

"Go slow Steve, it's his first time."

I realized that I was going to have to relax otherwise this might be a little uncomfortable. I refocused my concentration on Melissa's pussy. I sucked on her lit for all that it was worth. And I drug my tongue back and forth between her clit and her asshole. She seemed to notice my recommitment was moaning loudly now. She leaned forward and was licking Steve's nipple as he was slowly pushing his cock home. I felt the barbell go through and didn't know if I was going to explode or cum or both. Steve kept pushing it in little by little and then moving back and forth until my virgin asshole loosened up. He started pumping with a little more vigor which got Melissa over the edge. She had a huge orgasm right on my face. I drove my tongue in her pussy as soon as I felt it happening. I love her taste when she comes. Steve was fucking my asshole harder now. I was able to concentrate on it more now that Melissa had come. She had other plans again, though.

"It's time for me to get fucked. Jack, face the couch and get on your knees and bend over."

I complied. Steve got behind me a rammed his cock back in my ass. This time with much less concern. While he was fucking me from behind, Melissa climbed on my back. She laid down with her back on mine and her feet in the air. Steve grabbed her by the thighs and slid her closer to him. I felt him pull his cock out of my ass and he drove it right into Melissa's pussy. She squealed with delight. I could feel her getting fucked right on top of me but I couldn't see anything because my face was buried in the couch. Every time I would feel my asshole start to close back up, Steve would pull his cock out of Melissa and stick it back in my ass. This continued for a couple of minutes until I could tell Melissa was going to cum again. She dug her nails into my side so hard she drew blood and then rocked with other huge orgasm.

Steve pulled out of Melissa and less than gracefully pushed her off my back. He then flipped me over so I was on my back again and pushed his cock back in. Steve was really fucking me hard at this point. I was taking every bit of his seven inches. I could feel the barbell as he would pull back to where he almost pulled out and then he would drive it home. Each time a little bit harder. He had a look in his eye like he was almost there. Just about the time that I didn't think I could take anymore, he pulled out and shot his load all over my semi hard cock, balls and stomach. Melissa was coming out of her orgasmic stupor and saw Steve cum. She leaned over and started licking the cum off my stomach and balls. Then took my whole cock in her mouth to suck every last ounce of his juice off of me.

Melissa's mouth had restored my erection. I was harder than ever. I was still on my back on the couch now with my feet on the floor and not pinned behind my ears. Steve was breathing hard and sat back. Melissa got up and straddled me facing Steve. She slid down on my cock and started to gyrate her hips back and forth. She was all but insatiable, which was something I loved. She put her hands on my knees and tilted herself forward. This time she could raise and lower her pussy all the way up and down my shaft. She was doing this very slowly, I am sure just to torture me. I had finally had enough and I reached forward and pulled her so her back was against my chest. I grabbed her ample tits and held her in place while I fucked her hard. Steve had caught his breathe and had gotten his tongue involved. He would lick the entire length of my cock as I plunged it deeper and deeper into Melissa. I started to cum and pulled out just at the last minute. My cock was right between Melissa's pussy lips and Steve's mouth when I blew. Steve immediately pulled my cock in his mouth so he could get as much of my juice as possible. Then he licked what was left off of Melissa's pussy.

At this point, we were all a mess of sweat, beer, smoke and cum. Quite a combination. We all got up and went to take a group shower. We got lathered up and mostly clean, but there was something I wanted to do. I grabbed Steve's giant cock and started to blow him. I had never tried it but this was the night for such things. I don't know if I was doing it right, but he didn't seem to mind. I sent Melissa to go get the lube. I figured while we were in there, I should take the opportunity to pay Steve back and fucked him mercilessly in his ass. Melissa brought the lube but didn't get back in the shower. I bent Steve over and lubed up my cock. His asshole was much more agreeable than mine. I was fucking him harder and harder. But the harder I pounded the more he seemed to like it. It didn't take long and I came all over his asshole. I got down on my knees behind him and licked the cum as it came dripping out of his ass. We fished the shower and headed to the bedroom.

I was exhausted. So was Melissa it turned out. She was already asleep. Steve climbed in on one side of the bed and I got in the other putting Melissa in the middle. It didn't take long for me to fall asleep. By the time I woke up the next morning, Steve had already left. Melissa and I nursed our hangovers and I started thinking of how I was going to top this for my night.