 I sat in the smoky darkness looking toward the dance floor of the dimly lit nightclub. My beautiful girlfriend, Jeannie, was dancing with a thin, good-looking, dark haired Hispanic man. Their bodies were moving together to the music in perfect sync to the grinding beat of the music. I was frustrated, because Jeannie had pleaded with me several times to dance with her, and I had refused, waving her off and telling her to find someone else to dance with. I know that I am not a good dancer, and I am very self- conscious of the way I look when I try. I felt that the embarrassment of everyone staring at me as I jerked and convulsed foolishly would be too much too bear! I also knew that Jeannie loved to dance, and that all of the men in the room would be staring at her hungrily. 

I whispered in her ear, “Go find one of the young men down by the bar to dance with, Jeannie, I’ll be fine.” 

Such was our usual date together in this nightclub that Jeannie loved.

She is so beautiful, blonde, with a cheerleader’s wholesome good looks, and a body to die for. She has always been involved in athletics, and her thighs and legs are perfectly formed, like those of a dancer, or gymnast. Her breasts are high, and perky, and her rear end has the distinctive shape of an hourglass that men so strongly desire. She is naturally blonde, with long curls of hair cascading down over her shoulders. She has a pert, upturned nose, with perfectly symmetrical features. When she talks to me, I just lose myself in her beautiful, vibrant, blue eyes. 

Yes, she is indeed stunning, and, in my opinion, too much so for me! I have always felt that I don’t deserve her, that she is way out of my league. I am thirty-five, and only five foot six, slightly overweight, and partially balding. I’m attractive, in a simple, boyish kind of way, and have always gotten by with the ladies as an understanding, nice guy with a humorous personality. My hair is brown, as are my eyes, and I have a wide, bright smile that instantly puts people at ease. I have many friends, and am mildly successful in business. As far as I’m concerned, the luckiest thing that had ever happened to me was finding Jeannie!

From the start, I knew that my girlfriend was different than other young women I had met in the past. She was more beautiful and vivacious than any other woman I had ever encountered, and I fell in love with her the very first time I saw her. She was an infallible optimist, and was always laughing in a high, girlish way that made everyone feel like joining in! Too shy to approach her directly, I played the role of the casual, friendly acquaintance for the longest time. I watched her go through a couple of bad relationships with the big, jock types, and had been there for her as a friend to console her when they had failed. Over time, she grew to feel more comfortable with me, and recognizing my affection for her, fell in love with me, and, much to my amazement, made a firm commitment to our relationship.

Sexually, our lovemaking is very passionate and loving. I have always made sure to please her to the best of my ability, slowly kissing and licking every inch of her body, pleasing her with my tender caresses. She loves my gentleness, and never fails to get very turned on. When she reaches a certain point of sexual arousal, Jeannie seems to undergo a kind of transformation. She becomes a wanton slut, willing to do anything that I desire. At first, I was a little shocked at this almost total transition, but after a while, grew accustomed to the pleasure that I could derive from this part of her. I gently lick and suck her pussy, bringing her to many powerful orgasms, then fuck her for hours at a time, Jeannie moaning with pleasurable wanton abandon. She sucks my cock deeply, making my eyes glaze over with passion, and swallows mycum hungrily when I ejaculate. Our lovemaking is incredibly tender and passionate.

I have grown to love this side of her, coaxing her along as our lovemaking grows in its intensity. As I bury my cock deep inside of her womanhood, she will talk to me, saying things like, “I’m your slut, Jack, take me as you will at any time! Use me as you please!” When she does this, I will instantly get very aroused, calling her names and whispering my desires in a low, even voice. “Ooh, your mine, Jeannie! My slut to use! I love fucking you with my hard cock, I know you love it when I do!” She will always respond to his banter with an almost submissive one of her own, coaxing me in a sultry voice. “Oh yes, Jack, use me! I love it when you fuck me like this! I’m yours always, your personal whore to use!” It was almost as if I have a certain, sexual power over this beautiful woman that I love so much. This drives me wild, and I cum very powerfully, shaking with pleasure as I empty into her. This goes on for hours, leaving both of us sweating in passion. Afterwards, we lie in bed together, gently caressing each other and whispering to each other lovingly.

A while ago, as I was struggling to make my business work, I began to notice that our lovemaking sessions had significantly decreased in number. This disturbed me greatly, and an almost uncanny sense of paranoia began to find its way into my psyche. We didn’t have much time to spend together; she was attending night classes, and I was working late hours at the office. Jeannie seemed not to be bothered by this, and never mentioned it to me. I had noticed that she was away a lot, out shopping with her friends, or on some school outing that required an overnight stay. Did Jeannie seem distracted, almost distant at times, or was the paranoia taking over my sense of reason? I didn’t know. I found myself suspecting her of infidelity, even though I had no basis for this. 

She seemed to only hang out with her friend, Julia, a straight- laced, thin, academic girl whose manner and dress were conservative at best. Julia, in my eyes, could have been more attractive if she let her hair down and wore a little more makeup, and maybe a more risqué manner of dress, as opposed to the jeans and T- shirt look that she always sported. Jeannie liked her because of her sharp sense of humor and honest, direct approach to everything. I knew that Julia had a boyfriend, and that they were not getting along at that time, according to the information in Julia’s rants about his poor behavior. This made me even more nervous in regards to Jeannie. He wondered if she complained about me like that when I wasn’t around! I found myself in a constant state of worry over this. I would look for clues that would lead me to a discovery that I did not want to make. I found myself calling home much more frequently to talk to Jeannie, barely concealing the fact that I was checking up on her. She never seemed to notice, just went about her business as usual, always seemingly glad to hear from me. I just kept getting more and more frustrated as time went on.

One day, while I was at my desk in the high- rise office building where I work, there was a great commotion. Someone had pulled the fire alarm, sending the entire building into an uproar. Everyone, including myself, had to evacuate, clamoring down the narrow staircase in a confused throng of people. I found myself standing out in front of the building, staring up at it with all the others, frustrated at this inconvenience. It was then that I got even worse news; everyone was being sent home. 

“Damn!!” I said out loud. I stomped to the parking garage, frustrated with this interruption of my routine. I reached for my cell phone to call Jeannie. It wasn’t there! 

“Damn!” I said again. “I left my fucking cell phone on my desk!!!” Now, here it was, barely noon, and I couldn’t call Jeannie. I climbed into his car, pulled out of the parking garage, and headed towards the interstate, and home.

As I turned onto his street, I felt a sickening feeling as my house came into view. There, in the driveway, next to Jeannie’s Malibu, was a gold Saturn. Immediately, the feeling of paranoia crept its way into my psyche. I pulled my car to a stop next to the others, gazing at the front of the house, almost dreading what I might find inside. I shut off the ignition, climbed out, and made my way to the front door. When I turned the latch, I found it locked, so I pulled out my keys, inserted the right one, and slowly turned it, trying to be as quiet as possible. Pushing the door open, I stepped inside, looking toward the living room, like I always did when I came home. I immediately noticed the silence, usually an indication that Jeannie was upstairs on the computer in the bedroom. I quietly walked around through the living room, looking for evidence of a visitor. Seeing nothing, I slowly made my way to the stairs, my sense of dread growing. One at a time, I climbed them up to the hallway on the second floor. That’s when I heard it, a low, almost inaudible moan. I immediately recognized its source. It was Jeannie, and it was the sound she made when she was enjoying something immensely. I felt an instant burst of anger and glared at the partially open bedroom door at the end of the hall. Slowly, I crept to the door, and peered around the corner of the doorjamb. The sight that met my eyes was one that I would never forget.

There on the bed, was his beautiful Jeannie, her body completely naked, laying on her back, her legs splayed open wide, her knees bent, feet up. Crouched at the foot of the bed, her face buried in between Jeannie’s legs, was her friend Julia! Neither girl was yet aware of my presence, so I moved back, and watched in shocked surprise. Julia’s head was bobbing up and down, her tongue lapping at my lover’s pussy, her hands caressing those beautiful thighs. Jeannie continued to moan, her torso revolving and writhing in pleasure as she ground her hips into Julia’s mouth. I could hear the sounds of her mouth sucking insistently at Jeannie’s pussy, a wet, sloppy sound, mingled with those moans of pleasure. Jeannie had her hands on her breasts, kneading and pinching them as she enjoyed Julia’s ministrations. I felt the waves of nausea and jealous fear, as the realization of what I was witnessing overtook me. I also felt something else, something deep within ; I felt the stirrings of arousal! 

Jeannie, sensing a presence, opened her eyes, and stared at me in horror. 

“Jack!!” she exclaimed. 

I backed away, as if preparing to run from the room. Julia whirled her head, her chin and lips wet with Jeannie’s juices; her eyes, like Jeannie’s, reflecting great surprise. 

“What are you doing here?” Jeannie shrieked. 

I simply stared at her, dumbfounded. An awkward silence followed, and I turned from the sight, raising my hands to my face. I felt the hot rush of embarrassment and shock, as well as arousal at this highly erotic sight. It was all too much for me. I leaned against the doorjamb and slid to the floor on my butt, my face still in my hands. I heard the rustling of the sheets as Jeannie moved from the bed toward me. I felt her near me, stroking my arms to console me. 

“Jack” she said softly, “I’m so sorry you had to see this! Please, baby!” 

I could only shake my head, still in a state of shock. I felt her caressing me, and this caused that familiar stirring in my loins. Unable to control myself, I suddenly grabbed her arms, pulling her to him, her naked body falling into my lap. I pressed my lips to hers, feeling more arousal than I had ever felt in my life. I ran my hands over her body, my tongue entering her mouth. She responded to it by meeting it with her own, each tongue caressing the other in a deep soul kiss. She was obviously still very aroused from the gentle ministrations of Julia’s experienced tongue that, so little time before, had been sending her into waves of ecstasy. Our lips pressed together tightly, our hands exploring each other’s bodies. Suddenly, Jeannie pulled away, taking my hand, and pulling him up. 

In a low, sultry voice she said “Come here, Jack, I have a surprise for you.” 

I rose, and followed her to the bed. 

“Jack?” she said, as she slowly started to unbutton my shirt. 

Looking at her in disbelief, I could only mutter “Yes, Jeannie?” 

“I want you to relax. Julia and I have had a fantasy similar to this, and I think that now is as good a time as any to bring it to fruition, ok?” 

“Ummm, I guess so,” I said. I was more turned on than I had ever been in my life, my knees feeling weak, my face flushed hot. Jeannie opened my shirt, and started to kiss my chest as she undid my belt. She unfastened the button on my pants, and pulled them down around my legs, then to my feet. I looked at Julia in embarrassment. She answered my look with a knowing smile as she calmly looked on. I noticed that she looked much sexier than I had ever seen, her thin body very well proportioned, her small breasts pointing straight out at me with small, dark nipples. Jeannie pulled my underwear down, and my semi hard cock bounced in the cool air, free from its restraints. Jeannie placed her hands around it, and began to massage it, up and down. I closed my eyes and moaned in pleasure, my cock immediately swelling to full size and hardness. Jeannie then kissed the end of the head gently, and pushed her tongue into the hole. 

“Ahhhhhhh!” I moaned.

She then engulfed the whole head into her mouth, applying a light suction, her lips pursed around the shaft. I moved my hips in and out slowly. Julia now moved toward us, and dropped to her knees next to Jeannie. She began to kiss Jeannie’s hair and face, and stroked her body, as the girl bobbed her head, her lips sliding up and down my glistening, hard shaft. Jeannie then released my cock from her mouth, making a “popping” sound as the suction was broken. She turned her head and smiled at Julia, and gestured to her, offering her my cock. Julia immediately complied, taking it into her mouth, and started sucking deeply. I groaned loudly, unable to believe what was happening to me. Jeannie reached her hand up, and began to knead my balls, massaging them as Julia’s head moved back and forth on my cock. She then stood up, and leaning her head to mine, kissing me with her soft, warm lips. I reached up and touched her hard nipples, pinching them, flicking my thumb over them, feeling their hardness. She responded with a low moan.

She then began to push me to the bed. I slowly fell to it on my back, Julia never removing her mouth from my hard cock. Jeannie lay down next to me, running her hands over my chest. Julia moaned softly, and I felt the vibration of it on my sensitive cock. Blinded by passion, I turned my head, kissing Jeannie full on her soft, warm lips. I traced the inside of her lips with the tip of my tongue. Julia began a bobbing motion, her tight lips sliding up and down my hard shaft in perfect rhythm. I moaned in ecstasy at the sensation of this. I felt a very strong orgasm approaching, and my body began to tense up. Just as I thought it was time, Julia stopped her sucking, and looked up at me, a thread of saliva hanging from her lip to the head of my cock as she smiled at me. 

“Jeannie,” she said, “I think its time to fuck him.”

Jeannie looked at Julia, and nodded her head. She got up to her knees, and straddled me across the bed, my raging hard cock pointing straight up, purple and swollen with desire. She then placed her delicate hand on it, and guided it to her entrance. In one motion, she lowered her hips, sliding my member deeply into her. She let out a deep sigh as it penetrated her, and shuddered with wanton pleasure. I looked up at her from the bed, and let out a deep moan. 

“AAAAaaaahhhh, Jeannie!” I was delirious with desire, and started to push my hips up into her. 

I suddenly felt something different, fingers gently stroking my balls, and saw Julia smiling at me from behind, her other hand cupping one of my girlfriend’s beautiful breasts. Jeannie’s face was lost in desire; her eyes closed, her mouth open slightly, emitting a soft moan of pleasure. This sight was too much for me, I couldn’t hold back any longer, the pressure too much. I felt the intense, indescribable rush of pleasure of orgasm. I was going to cum like I never had in my life. My whole body seemed to shudder with passion as I felt my cock stiffen even more inside of Jeannie. “AAAAAHHHHH,” I moaned. I felt my cock spasm, and start to pump ropes of hot, white cum into Jeannie’s warm, wet pussy. My face was twisted with pleasure, as I experienced sweet release. It seemed as if I would never stop, one spasm after another, more and more cum filling Jeannie’s pussy, my hips bucking madly. 

“Yes, Jack!! Cum for me! Fill my hot pussy!” Jeannie’s cries only added to the strength of this powerful orgasm. I felt waves of pleasure to my very core. Finally, I was spent, and closed my eyes, lost in the most peaceful state I had ever known. Jeannie fell on me, covering my face with kisses, Julia simply smiling in the background, enjoying the view. I laid my head back, and drifted off into a peaceful, contented sleep.

When I awoke, sometime later, I turned my head, and there next to my face were the beautiful bare breasts of my lovely Jeannie, heaving gently to the rhythm of her breathing as she slept. Julia was gone. I bent over, and gently took one of Jeannie’s nipples into my mouth, sucking on it gently. Slowly, she came out of her sleep, a smile coming to her face, her sweet mouth emitting a soft moan of pleasure. I sucked the hardening nipple into my mouth, biting it gently as my tongue darted against it. Jeannie’s breath grew more rapid, her body moving, writhing slightly. 

“Ohh Jack, you are insatiable! Didn’t you have enough with Julia and I before?” 

I looked up at her, smiling, “Oh, I’ll never get enough of you, my sweet love! You have made me a very happy man!” 

Dropping my head again, I kissed her chest, slowly moving down her body. 

“Jack?” she asked, her breath growing rougher as I kissed her body, “What do you think of me now? Do you look at me any differently?” 

I moved down even further, gently pushing Jeannie’s knees apart. I looked down at her beautiful pussy, the soft nether lips, the fine hairs around it, the moisture glistening. I slowly inserted my index finger into her, parting her lips, and pushing gently. 

“Oooooooohhh,” Jeannie moaned. 

I looked up into her face, smiling widely, and said “Jeannie, that was the most intense thing I have ever experienced, and,” I began to work my finger in and out slowly, making sure to rub against her clit, “I just want you to know that your relationship with Julia is ok with me!”

Jeannie now threw her head back, closing her eyes and moaning louder. I lowered my head, and gently lapped my tongue over the upper part of her pussy, still probing with my fingers. 

“Ohh, Jack! I’m so happy! We will make you so happy whenever we can! You are so understanding! I love you! AAAAAAA!! Lick it! Lick my pussy!” 

I now clamped my mouth over her pussy, sucking her clit into my mouth, and holding it there, my tongue darting against it. I then bit it gently, and Jeannie jerked her body, grinding her thighs into my face. 

“Oh Jack!! I’m going to cum, my sweet lover! Ohhh Lick me!” 

Jeannie then came, her body shivering and convulsing, I held her tight with my strong hands. We made love the whole night, and into the next day, and, you know, I never once remembered my jealousy and mistrust!   

END OF PART 1