 INTRODUCTION

This story is Chapter 17 of the novella "Jack's Education" In an earlier chapter Jack's friends saw Frank brutalise Jack's friend Jeff after catching him peeping on his girl friend. Some time later they saw Frank force his attentions on Sally, a neighbour, and then beat her up after having rough sex with her. The boys befriend Sally and decide they need to punish Frank. Now read on: 

Jack awoke sometime later to a wet feeling on his cock. Through the darkness he could see Candy's head bobbing up and down over his shaft. Her warm mouth encased his dick, taking it in her mouth in deep long strokes, sucking strongly on each up bob and slurping on each down bob. Jack pretended to stay asleep as Candy continued sucking his prick but as his eyes adjusted to the darkness he saw her move to kneel over his chest and stick her ass right in front of his face. Jack couldn't resist this invitation and leaned forward to stick his tongue on her clit. He felt the tip of his tongue go into a mass of bushy hair, and just for a moment it didn't register with him that something didn't add up. Then he recalled that last night Candy was clean shaven and now she had a mass of pubic hair! Just at that moment Candy started running her tongue up and down his shaft, stopping to suck his balls into her mouth and his cock was getting hard in a hurry, swelling up. Candy looked back at him for a second, and then he realised that it wasn't Candy at all, but her twin sister Cindy!

"I wondered when you'd wake up," she said.

"Cindy! Where did you come from? And where's Candy?"

"So many questions! I was just enjoying you eat my pussy while I suck your cock! Please carry on with what you were doing!" Jack had been enjoying what she had been doing, too, so he resumed eating her out while she went back to sucking his dick. He spread her cheeks wider to allow him better penetration with his tongue. "Oh! Oh! That feels sooo good!" she moaned, and then shuddered as she came, jamming her pussy hard into his face, flooding it with her juices. 

After she recovered from her orgasm, Cindy suddenly swiveled around and positioned herself over his cock, and in the early morning light her tits with fiercely erect nipples looked magnificent to Jack. He reached up and pulled on one of the long nipples and Cindy then leaned down over him and stuck her tits in his face. She grabbed the right one and pushed it towards him. "Suck this while I ride your cock!" she commanded him. He licked the nipple lightly at first and then, as she sank down on his steel hard member, he started sucking it harder. He started thrusting up her cunt, slowly at first, then faster and faster, and soon felt the cum building up in his balls. He reached behind her and spread her ass cheeks wide open, fingering her asshole for a minute. "Oh yes! Yes! Yes! That's it! Suck my tits! Suck it harder! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Suddenly Jack felt a rush of wetness as Cindy hollered, "I'm coming! I'm coming! Oh, yes, that's it!" Cindy's whole body tensed up and she sat straight up grinding her pussy against the base of his cock as she came. The pressure of this was too great for him to bear and he shot his load up into her cunt. She collapsed forward on to his body and Jack held her tightly while they recovered from their orgasms.

After their breathing returned to normal, Jack realised that his cock was still inside Cindy and was still quite hard, so he rolled her over on to her back, still managing to remain coupled with her. Lying over her now, he fastened his lips over hers and started probing inside with his tongue, searching for hers. As soon as their tongues touched, he started thrusting inside her and almost immediately she starting moaning with ecstasy. Jack began to pound his member inside her and Cindy responded by curling her legs behind his back, pushing him deeper into her. After only a few more strokes, Jack felt Cindy's body tense and shake in the throes of a massive orgasm, and as he continued his rhythm, he reached his climax, spewing forth another hot load of cum in her pussy. Gradually Cindy released her hold on him until he was able to roll off her and lie alongside her while they recovered their composure. Cindy smiled at him and whispered, "Jack, that was really wonderful!"

"For me, too," he replied, "although I'm a little confused."

"Why?"

"Last night I came to bed with Candy and I wake up with you!"

"Two for the price of one! That's not bad, is it?"

"Not at all. In fact it was all wonderful."

"Well, what's the problem?"

"No, there's no problem. I just wondered how you did it and why?"

"Well, Candy and I went to the bathroom at the same time, so we just decided to switch, just to see if you guys would notice. Obviously you did, but I'm interested to know what tipped you off?"

"Just a minor detail, I guess. Candy is clean shaven and you're not!"

"So which do you prefer, with or without?"

"Probably without, I guess, but there's not much in it. Hey, shouldn't we get going?"

"Yes, you're right. Shall we shower together?"

"That sounds nice. I'll get the water warmed up for you."

Twenty minutes later, they went downstairs and found Tim and Candy already in the kitchen starting to make the coffee. They all wished each other good morning and then Candy said, "Cin, I was just saying to Tim we should show our gratitude to our hosts by fixing our special breakfast for them."

"That's a good idea," Cindy replied.

While the twins were preparing breakfast, Tim called Joe to find out if he had fixed their car yet and Joe confirmed that it was ready. Tim asked if Joe could bring it to his house and then he would take him back to the shop. Joe agreed, and inside half an hour the girls' car was parked outside Tim's house. Tim went off with Joe in his car, leaving Jack alone with the twins. They talked while they ate breakfast, and Jack complimented them on their cooking, particularly the pancakes.

"I don't think I've ever had pancakes this light before. You have a wonderful touch!"

"Thank you kindly," replied Candy. "Actually I think you're the one with the wonderful touch! I had the best time with you last night!"

Cindy joined in, "And I had the best time this morning!"

"Really?" said Jack. "You seemed to be enjoying yourself with Tim."

"Oh, don't get me wrong. Tim was very satisfying, but you just seemed to know how to press all the right buttons! You are obviously very experienced."

"Not bad for a high school kid, then?"

"High school kid? What do you mean?"

"Tim and I are both high school seniors."

Cindy and Candy looked at each other and then burst out laughing. "You're joking, right?"

"No, it's the truth. You want to know something else? Until last Saturday, I had never been with any girl!"

"Now we know you're joking. You're no virgin!"

"Well, not now. I've been making up for lost time this last week."

"Oh, come on, Jack, stop messing with us!"

"No, no, I swear it's all true."

"Well, all I can say is you're a quick learner!"

"Just wait till we get to college!" They all laughed at this comment and seconds later Tim came back in the house.

"What's the joke?" he asked. They explained what had gone on and he grinned. "Life is full of little surprises!" he said. "Talking of surprises, just when did you girls switch places?"

"While you were sleeping, we both went to the bathroom and decided to switch to see if you would notice."

"But why?" 

"We're twins and we like to share our experiences!"

"So how many times have you done something like that before?"

"You mean, sexually, or just generally?"

"Both!"

"Well, let's see. I think this is the third time we swapped sex partners, eh Cindy?"

"I guess the fourth if you count Randy."

"That's right! And there's a couple more times we pretended to be the other in non sexual situations."

"Like when?"

"When we want to avoid somebody, the other one takes her place!"

"Cute! Actually you have something in common with us."

"What's that?"

"We belong to a brotherhood that shares everything, especially sexual experiences."

"That's interesting. So how do you do that?"

"It's just a matter of opportunity. For example one of us had a date the other night and after they made love he persuaded her to meet with the rest of us, so we could share what he enjoyed."

"But why would she do that?"

"It could be any number of reasons. Let me ask you something. If you and Candy had the chance, would you do it?"

"Maybe."

"How long will you be in Fort Pierce?"

"A couple of days. Why?"

"Well, I was wondering if you'd be coming back this way and if you'd like to meet our friends." 

The sisters looked at each other for a moment and then Candy said, "Actually we live in Atlanta and we really have to get back to work by Tuesday. But maybe when we have a spare weekend, we could come back, eh, Cin?"

"Yes, sure, I'd like that!"

"So you're definitely interested?"

"Yeah, we are!"

"Great! Look, here's my number. Call me and let me know, OK?"

"Fine, we'll do that. Well, we'd better get going now, guys. It was really great meeting you. Thanks for all your help in getting the car fixed."

"You're more than welcome," Tim replied.

The girls kissed each of the guys and then went out to their car. Within a couple of minutes they were gone and Jack and Tim went back in the house. Once inside, they high-fived each other.

"What a night!" Jack said. "They were something else! When I saw them first I never thought they would be so sexy!"

"Yes, me too, but that's one of life's lessons, Jack. You should never judge a book by its cover and always remember that girls like sex too, once you get them to be comfortable with you."

"Yes, that was the last thing your mom told me. I can't believe that was only last week! So, need any help clearing up before I go home?"

"Thanks. If you could just make the bed and tidy up the bathroom, that would be fine."

"Sure, Tim."

Half an hour later Tim dropped Jack home, after arranging that he would pick him up at three to go over to Sally's apartment.

When Tim came back for Jack, Maria had already left with Lloyd and Janice to visit some mutual friends, so Jack was free for the rest of the day. When Jack got in the car, Tim told him that his parents had unexpectedly returned home, so their plan to use his house would have to be changed. They decided that they would stay at Sally's place and wait for Frank to get there. Tim explained that the other guys would be coming over in Tom's van in about an hour, and he would let them in to lie in wait for Frank and when he stepped through the door they would jump him.

Jack rang the doorbell and after a few seconds Sally opened the door. She seemed much better, dressed in a tight white T-shirt and a black mini-skirt with white sneakers and looked absolutely gorgeous to Jack.

"Hi, Jack!" she exclaimed. "I've been waiting for you!"

"Hello, Sally," Jack responded. "You look wonderful today!"

"Thanks, Jack," she replied, as she showed them in to the living room. "I'm glad to see you, too!"

"You remember my friend Tim, don't you?"

"Oh, yes, I do. Hi Tim, how are you today?"

"All the better for seeing you, Sally," Tim said. "I'm glad to see that you're in much better shape than the last time I saw you."

"Yes, thanks to Jack!" Sally said, putting her arm around Jack to give him a hug. "He made me feel much better about myself. Tim, would you excuse us a second while we go in my bedroom? I have something I need to show to Jack."

"OK, no problem."

Sally took Jack by the hand and led him into the bedroom, shutting the door gently behind them. They kissed and then Sally sat on the bed.

"So, what do you want to show me?" Jack asked her.

"Just this," Sally said, lifting up her skirt to show that she has no panties on!

"Very nice!" Jack said. "You're hot for me, huh?"

"That's right," she replied, putting her hand on the front of his jeans to see if his cock was starting to get hard. "But what about your friend? I thought that we were going to go to your house."

"We have visitors at our house today, so we can't go there, but I promise you that I'll take you there soon. Tim and I were discussing the situation with Frank, and we think the best idea is for us to jump him when he comes here. What time do you think he might come?"

"I think about five or six. But are you sure Tim and you can handle him?"

"Don't worry, we'll have the rest of our friends here when he arrives, so they can take care of him without much trouble. So, my sweet Sally, you want to make love with me, huh?"

"In the worst way, honey. You made me feel so good yesterday, I can't wait for that feeling again!"

"OK, that's great. I want you, too. Just let me have a quick word with Tim and then we can be alone together."

"OK, but don't keep me waiting too long!"

"I'll be right back, don't worry!" Jack left the room to talk to Tim. "Tim, she's horny as hell, so I'm going to take care of her for a while. You're welcome to join in, but I guess you need to let the others in when they come, huh?"

"Yes, I do. I'm OK with that, though. I have my camera with me, so do you mind if I take a few shots of you in action?"

"No, of course not. I'll leave the door unlatched, so you can come in when you're ready. Just give us a few minutes to get warmed up, OK?"

"OK. The other guys will be here soon. Do you know when Frank is coming?" 

"Sally thinks about five or six."

"OK, good."

Jack went back into the bedroom and for a moment he couldn't see Sally anywhere. Then he saw her sweater and skirt on the floor, and suddenly realised that she was hiding under the covers! Jack's clothes came off in ten seconds flat and in two more seconds he had jumped into bed with her. They started kissing and cuddling and then Jack asked her, "Would you like me to give you a massage?"

She smiled wickedly at him and then grabbed his erect cock. "Later, maybe," she said, "but first I want you to fuck me!"

Jack didn't reply but simply rolled on top of her and plunged his hard dick into her waiting pussy. He started pounding inside her and Sally responded by squealing with delight and wrapping her legs around his body. By this time Tim was in the room clicking away with his digital camera, taking care not to let Sally see him. After a few more thrusts, Jack whispered something to Sally and she nodded her agreement. Jack got off Sally and lay on his back. Sally straddled him and then guided his cock back inside her pussy. She started riding him like a cowgirl and Tim continued with his camera. Almost immediately she started screaming, "Jack! Jack! Jack! That feels so good! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Jack tried to keep pace as she rode his dong, but very soon she shuddered as her orgasm swept through her body, while she yelled out, "Jack! I'm coming! I'm coming!" The feeling that ran through her was so intense she fell off him and lay beside him, panting hard.

Just at that moment the doorbell rang and Tim slipped out of the room to see who was at the door, gently closing the bedroom door behind him. Jack hadn't come yet and his dick was steel hard with its purple head just throbbing with desire. Tim opened the front door to let in Tom, Jim and Jeff. "Just in time, guys. Frank's coming here in about an hour. Right now Jack's in the bedroom with Sally, slipping her the ol' salami! I'm getting some great shots, but now I'm really horny!"

"You're always horny!" Tom grinned.

"True, true. Anyway, after we've dealt with Frank, we'll all get our turn with Sally. I'm going back in the bedroom to get some more pictures. Y'all keep an eye out for Frank and let me know when he gets here, OK?"

"OK, Tim," said Jeff. "What are we going to do with him?"

"Jack and I have a couple of ideas. How about you?"

"Well, I'd like to see him get it up the ass, just like he did to me!"

"Great! You want to do it?"

"Well, I don't know about that. I've never done that before, but I saw Jim slip it to Jack. You want to fuck Frank's ass, Jim?"

"Sure, but why don't we all take turns? It's only like a very tight pussy!"

Tim chortled, "There speaks the voice of experience! We'll let you lead the way and if anyone else wants a piece, they can get some too. We share everything, remember, even a stinkin' ass!"

Tom spoke next. "I think we need to give him a taste of what he gave to Sally, though. We should soften him up first, hey?"

Tim agreed. "Sure, that comes first, then we take him in the bedroom to humiliate him in front of Sally. Look, I'm going back in to see what Jack is up to. Let me know when you need me." Tim opened the bedroom door slowly and slipped quietly inside. Jack and Sally were now in the sixty-nine position, pleasuring each other orally, with Sally on top. She had Jack's legs spread wide as she sucked his cock and played with his balls and her legs were also wide apart as Jack's tongue was deep inside her pussy. As Tim clicked away, Sally licked the length of Jack's cock, caressed his balls with her tongue and licked his tight asshole as he moaned into her cunt in pleasure. Then she went back to Jack's dick and engulfed it deeply, fucking it in and out of her mouth. Tim could see her humping furiously against Jack's mouth as she ate him.

"I'm coming!" Jack gasped as Sally milked the raging cock between her lips, swallowing as he shot his hot load into her mouth. She swallowed it all without hesitation and then licked his dick clean.

She raised up off him and went over to the nightstand next to the bed to take something out of the drawer. As she turned back to the bed, Tim saw that the object in her hand was a huge dildo! Almost at the same time, Sally noticed Tim standing there and she grinned at him before beckoning him to come closer. He did so and she thrust the dildo into his hand. "You know what to do with this?" she asked and Tim simply nodded yes. "Good!" she replied, lying down by Jack's side. "Fuck me with it, then!"

She started kissing Jack while Tim gently inserted the tip of the dildo into her pussy and swirled it around her cunt lips. "Harder! Harder!" Sally moaned, so Tim rammed the tool hard inside her as far as it would go. "Yes! Yes!" she responded. Tim pulled it back out and then back in. "Faster now!" Sally pleaded. Tim complied and moved the plastic dick in and out of her pussy as fast as he could. "Yes! Yes!" she said, in between kissing Jack. Very soon Sally's body stiffened and shuddered as her orgasm swept over her. She collapsed on the bed next to Jack, still kissing him with little love bites. 

Tim noticed that Jack's cock had hardened again, and Tim himself had a huge erection. He was about to pull it out of his pants and ram it inside Sally, but before he can act on his impulse he heard the doorbell ring again. Thinking that Frank has probably just arrived, he quickly got up and left the room. As he did so, Jack acted on Tim's thoughts and rammed his steel hard dick into Sally's cunt. He started thrusting hard and in a matter of seconds he came again, releasing a huge torrent of hot cum inside her. 

As Jack relaxed after his orgasm, he heard some scuffling in the next room, followed by some yells and groans. "I think Frank's here," he told Sally and she nodded, looking a little frightened. He held her close and reassured her, "Don't worry, there's no way we're going to let him hurt you again." She smiled at him and held tightly on to him. 

They were still holding each other when they heard a soft knock on the door. Sally looked at Jack, because they were still both naked. He told her, "It's only my friends with Frank. I want him to see all of your bruises, and they have all seen you before. Is that OK?" 

"Yes, it's OK." 

Jack opened the door and the boys brought Frank in. He was naked above the waist, with his hands tied behind his back and he was limping slightly. His chest and arms were quite muscular and Jack was quite impressed by his physique, although not feeling afraid of him.
