 You walk into the hotel lobby a few minutes late for your meeting with Jill. Don't want to seem to anxious and not looking forward to giving her the bad news. You've decided that although it has been fun - the phone calls and photos and emails, when it comes down to it, you're just not willing to risk what you've got for a piece of ass - no matter how good it might be. Even though you've seen her only once, you recognize her instantly sitting at the bar. And next to her is some poor sap trying his best to interest her. She smiles and is polite but you know who she is thinking about...

You make your way over and notice a few things. She's straightened her hair and it hangs way down her bare back. What she is wearing may or may not be considered a dress. It's black and short and seems to be barely hanging on to her shape. She is wearing high heels and her long legs are crossed and seem to be the only thing between her and the man next to her as he leans in to try to emphasize some point he is making. As you enter their space, he looks up at you with surprise and an irritated glare. Her reaction is quite different. Her eyes light up and a huge sexy smile makes its way across her face...she looks different than you remember and the smile she gives you now is not the same one you saw in her pictures...

"Excuse me" you say, "Can I borrow this lady for a minute?" 

He looks at her face and knows it is futile to argue. She stands and with her heels is only an inch or so shorter than you. She says nothing and you take her hand and lead her to a quiet place by the elevators to break the news...you can smell her perfume - spicy but very nice and feel the heat coming off her skin. You glance down and see the curve of her breasts, exposed at this angle, by her plunging neckline. Your cock twitches in your pants but you ignore it for now...

When you arrive at your secluded spot, you turn to face her and notice she is moving close to you with an eagerness so you put your hands up to her shoulders to stop her. A confused look crosses her face as you hear the words coming out of your mouth.

"Jill, this is not going to happen." 

"What?" she says as you watch the sparkle in her eyes quickly disappear. 

"I just wanted to tell you straight." you say with conviction. 

"Oh..." is all she can think to say as she lowers her head to think about it. You open your mouth to explain but she quickly looks up and says "Don't say another word." She turns and walks away. You wait until she is out of sight and make your way back to your room to meet your friends for dinner out on the town.

As you and your buddies make your way through the lobby you see her there again at the bar, same chair, same guy trying his best but this time she isn't looking at him as he jabbers, she is downing what you suppose is a very strong drink. It's for the best, you tell yourself and you are relieved to make it most of the way across the room without being noticed. You glance over this time and see him whispering something in her ear and you watch her hand make its way to his thigh - before you know it, you tell your friend to go ahead and you are walking towards her. This time you get the same look from the guy but a decidedly different look from her. "What the hell are you doing?" you ask. She casts a cold blank stare but her eyes look a little red and she turns her attention back to the stooge next to her and ignores you without a word. This pisses you off and you grab her arm and turn her towards you. She shakes her arm free of your grip and gets up and storms out of the bar. Although you don't know why, you follow - wishing now her legs were not so long because it is hard to catch her. She is stopped at the elevators since none are available and you watch her look for the stairs...

"So you were gonna just fuck that loser?", you accuse.

"That's none of your business." she coldly replies, "What the fuck do you care?" 

"I don't!", you remind her. "You may be the sexiest woman I have ever met, but I am with someone." you add. 

"Fuck you." she says as she spins around again to walk off. 

"What did you say?" you ask as you grab he arm, forcefully this time and spin her back around to face you. 

"I - said - fuck - you." she says slowly not backing down one bit. You are furious now, who does she think she is? She is just some little flirt who is full of herself and you decide you are going to take her down a notch...and with that thought, your cock begins to swell and push against the front of your pants.

She is struggling to break free of your stronghold as you wrap your left arm around her waist, pinning her right arm, and grabbing her left. God her body is hot and you know her anger is making it hotter. She whips her face away from your and her hair hits you in the face and for an instant you breathe in the smell of it. Roughly you take your right hand up under her dress and between her legs where you grab her crotch through her lace thongs. You slide your hand between her skin and the lace and your fingers search out her slit.

"Stop it." she whispers and as the elevator doors open, you freeze but realize there is no one on it so you climb in it with her still in your grasp. Once inside, you start to finger her pussy roughly and notice it getting wet. 

"Stop it you asshole!" she says but you remind her that she came here to get fucked and that is exactly what you are going to do. As she frees her left arm you feel a sting on the side of your face. That tricky little slut. In one motion you flip her around and push her roughly up against the side of the elevator. You rip off her thong and throw it to the floor. Quickly you get your belt and pants unfastened and unzipped while she is struggling against you and cursing you. You put all of your weight against her at one point to subdue her thrashing and bite on the skin at her neck as you lift the back of her dress, exposing her round ass. You could swear she moaned but she continues to fight so you press your now bulging cock between her ass cheeks and grab both arms to pin behind her back. Almost instinctively, your dick finds her wet slit and with one hard push is buried in her. She winces from the shock of it and you start ramming into her and hear her breath forced out with each thrust. The sweat on her back and arms glistens and you watch her ass cheeks bounce against you each time your hips slam into them. Some of the fight has gone out of her and you realize how heavenly it feels to be inside of her. But you are not the only one who is going to come tonight, you decide. You are going to get her to the point where she is begging for it. 

You slide your cock out of her and flip her around so she is facing you but she loses her balance from the force of it and you catch her against you. You drop down to your knees as she wraps her legs around your waist and kisses you deeply. This time you are the one to turn your face away from her and she almost whimpers from the disappointment. You love to torture her. 

Her back is up against the elevator wall and you position your dick at her opening and continue your assault. You pull the top of her dress down to free her breasts so you can watch them bounce with each of your thrusts. Her head is arched back and you hear her breathing heavy now and you know that her clit is being rubbed in just the right way while your dick stimulates her g-spot.

"Ohhh, god, make me cum." she pleads. So with all your self control you stop. "What are you doing?", she asks in a breathless voice.

"I want you to beg for it." you tell her. 

"Please make me cum." she says with an urgency you've never heard. But you remain still. She is starting to panic and you see her pleading with her eyes and her body as she says "Please make me cum, please, I'll do anything".

"Anything?" you ask. 

"Anything." she replies and you know she has never meant anything as much. So you begin fucking her again, this time with every ounce of energy and strength you have. You hear her loose herself as the waves crash over her and finally you explode inside of her as her pussy tightens and squeezes around you. It seems like you are going to cum forever but finally hit the apex and start coming down the other side of the sensation.

Both of you fix your clothes as best you can and as you get back off the elevator in the lobby, you leave her behind, standing there, and you tell her to make herself available to you at any time you request and although she doesn't say a word, as the elevator doors close, you know that is exactly what she is going to do.

When you arrive at dinner with your friends, they seem not to notice your disheveled appearance at first. You're ravenous so you peruse the menu without realizing that you are smirking the entire time. One of your friends asks what happened and you discreetly reply, "Nothing, why?". The table falls out with laughter and your best friend, Jack, offers to buy a round for everyone.

After a couple of drinks you give in to the questions and muse, "I fucked her senseless and made her beg me to make her cum." The kudos and back-slaps follow. So you add, "She told me she would do ANYTHING..." and this makes the table explode again in laughter before Jack stops and asks, 

"Anything?" 

"You bet." is your answer and you see him thinking about this. 

"Well how about sharin' the love, brother?" is his next question. 

It wouldn't be the first time you had shared a girl with your best bud and you know she has never been fucked by two guys so you decide to broaden her horizons and anything else. So you look Jack in the face and simply say "Anything means anything." and you continue on with your evening.

You leave her a message with the desk clerk at the hotel - she is to meet you at your room precisely at 8 pm and you want her hungry. Reluctantly, all your friends except Jack leave at about 7:30 to hit the casinos with strict orders not to return until after 2 am or later.

This time she is the one to arrive late and you make a mental note to punish her for that. She is dressed up for going out and you realize that she has misunderstood why you want her hungry but as she walks into your hotel room and spots your friend, it becomes crystal clear to her. You introduce her to Jack and she initiates a handshake which makes both of you chuckle. She tries to act nonchalant but you can tell she is nervous and so you politely offer her a drink. She accepts so you are kind enough to make it strong for her. Not much is said as she quickly downs her drink and requests another. She moves across the room to stand close behind you as you mix the next drink and you can smell her perfume and you imagine what it will smell like mixed with sweat and sex - it is time to get your private party started.

You turn around and go to hand her the drink and then pull it back. "You were late" you tell her.

"I'm sorry, I just wanted to look hot for you, lover" she quickly says. 

"Not good enough" you add even though deep down you appreciate the extra effort. She is smoldering...

"Is he going to watch?" she asks already knowing the answer. 

"He's my BEST friend" you add to clarify things. 

She smiles and kisses you. Her lips are soft and the tip of her tongue teases yours. Your hands begin exploring her body, the curve of her lower back and hips, her breasts and her ass. You put your hands on her neck and then cup her face in your hands as you kiss her much more deeply, with your tongue doing the exploring. 

You break the kiss and look at her as you ask your friend, "Whatya think Jack?" Never one to miss his cue, Jack gets up, crosses the room and is behind her. He pulls a hand full of her dark locks to expose her neck to you. His other hand is already exploring up her thigh and over the curve of her ass.

"Not bad, Jon..." he says as his hand now moves around to her breasts. Your erection is growing and you push your leg between hers and you feel her grind lightly against it. 

"I hope you are hungry." you tell her. 

"Ravenous." she says breathlessly. 

You give her a minute to work up some heat between her legs and Jack has now let go of her hair and has two hands massaging her breasts and is tasting the skin on her shoulder. He is pushing up against her from behind and you know he is getting just as hard as you are. You push her down to her knees and she rubs her hands down the front of your chest as she makes her way to your belt. Her first mouthful will be your cock so you watch as she undoes your pants and frees your erection. Her tongue teases the tip and you realize she is going to make you ache for it. Jack has already started to pull his pants down and position himself next to you for some equal treatment. She ignores him and savors the taste and the sensation of your bulging member – some of the girls you have been with have just gone through the motions while sucking you but you can tell that she is really enjoying herself and that turns you on even more. She takes all of you into her warm wet mouth and it feels so good, you almost forget to share. She is really into it and is massaging and licking your balls as she sucks you. Jack clears his throat and you snap back to the situation and reluctantly pull her mouth off you. She looks at you and gives a smirk before turning her attention to your friend and giving him the same treatment.

She goes back and forth between you but is thoughtful enough to stroke one of you with her hand as she sucks the other. Jack is back in her mouth when you decide it is time for something different. 

"Mouth or pussy?" you ask Jack and he moans, 

"M-m-mouth."

Jack sits back on the sofa and spreads his legs and she is on her knees now in front of him. His hand moves to the back of her head and works her mouth on his now aching cock. You are behind her and give her dripping pussy a slow lick. She is wet and tastes good. Her body is moving because of her head bobbing up and down on Jack's dick so you decide to take advantage of it. You squeeze her ass and spread her cheeks so you can watch the tip of your cock as it pushes inside her swollen pussy lips. They wrap around your shaft in the most amazing way and each time she bobs up on Jack's dick, she pushes back onto you and you get a little deeper inside of her. Soon it is you who controls her mouths movement on Jack's cock because you are slamming into her – your balls smacking up against her now glistening pink pussy lips. Jack's about to come when you pull her off of him. You tell her to ride Jack. Neither she nor he protests.

You watch her straddle him and then slide down onto his dick. He isn't as big as you but she'll be glad for that when you are through with her. She rides him like a champ and you watch his hands all over her. You reach forward and pull her hips back and tell her not to move. You position the head of your dick right at her ass and push into her. She squirms a bit from feeling as though she is being split in half and you hear her breathing getting heavy. Jack is moving underneath her and kissing and sucking on her breasts. It takes some time to work yourself all the way in and know she is completely stretched and stuffed. The angle is tricky and you move in short thrusts at first but finally find a stroke and a rhythm that works for the three of you. You drift away somewhat - getting lost in the sounds of ecstasy, the smell of her skin and the sensations between your legs. 

Your balls begin to tighten and you hear Jack moan as he is the first one to come. His hips buck wildly and Jill is just a doll being tossed around between you and your best friend. You push into her and hear her start to cum. The sound of her pleasure is all you need and finally you get the satisfaction of your cock exploding deep inside her and you lean against her body as you ride out the waves of pleasure. She collapses on top of Jack and you lay back on the floor in front of the sofa. Your head is buzzing and the euphoria feels incredible...you relax and enjoy and you begin to plan the next session...