 Jackie and Laurie sat across the table. They chatted excitedly about something, but I couldn't quite make it out. Girl talk. Instead, I pretended to pay attention and played with my empty beer bottle. Jackie would catch my gaze from time to time and flash a quick smile. She had amazing blue eyes and perfect teeth.

I contemplated getting another beer, but sat playing with the bottle instead. I'd spin on its' side, catching it with my finger. Repeat. I gave it a quick flick when something caught my attention behind me. Another guest was leaving the party and there was only a few remaining. The bottle slowing stopped spinning.

"It's me!" Jackie said excited, pointing to the bottle.

Before I could react, she wrapped her hand behind my neck, and press her lips against mine. I felt her tongue touch my mouth; she didn't push it inside, but instead let it linger at my lips, inviting me to meet her with mine. I pressed my tongue against hers, very lightly tip to tip; there they danced for a second and we pulled away.

"Hmmm. Nice" she said to Laurie with a giggle. "You never told me he was a good kisser."

Jackie took the bottle and playfully gave it a spin.

The bottle slowly stopped spinning. It was pointing at Laurie. Jackie didn't hesitate. She scooted herself next to Laurie and reached out and put an arm around her waist. Their eyes meet for an instant to take a second and judge again whether they can actually go through with the kiss. Jackie cocked her head slightly, and drew her open mouth toward Laurie.

Their lips met every so slightly. Just enough to for a tiny drop of wetness to connect them. They held there for only seconds, but in that instant time seemed to stop. Then, with a faint sigh, they drew apart.

"That was hot!" I blurted out.

"Not bad for me either" Jackie admitted. Laurie smiled and blushed.

As Laurie reached to the bottle, Jackie grabbed her arm, stopping her.
 "I think we should take this somewhere more private." Jackie said, sounding a little bashful. She stood up and took each of us by the hand, leading us down the hallway. Laurie and I followed as if she were the Pied Piper.

We paused a moment at the door to the den. Jackie poked her head in and looked around. There was nobody in. A small television in the corner dimly lit the room in ambient light. We stepped inside.

There was a short silent and almost uncomfortable silence. My heart was racing; I could feel the thumping in my chest. Each of us knew what we were about to do, and yet we paused, not knowing how to start.

Laurie broke the silence. "This could be interesting..." She reached down to an arm chair where some guests had thrown their jackets and pulled up a long silky black scarf. Laurie threaded it sensuously through her fingers, displaying it proudly. Jackie grinned.

Jackie slid herself in front of me and gently kissed my neck. Her moist lips sent quivers through me. She reached up and began unbuttoning my shirt then peeled it off me like a banana. She dropped the shirt to the floor and ran her hand up my tummy and chest. Her thumbs pressed against my nipples briefly and in one clean motion she pulled my tee over my head and flung it away.

"Let's tie him up." Jackie said to Laurie as she gently pushed my arms behind my back. I could feel Laurie wrap the soft cloth around my wrists. She pulled it tight wrenching my arms back; it hurt for a second. Laurie secured the knot safely out of the reach of my fingers. I was completely at their mercy.

Jackie was still facing me. Her hands were caressing my chest. She pinched my nipples firmly until they were erect then she gave them a gentle nibble and kiss. Jackie let her hands wander to my pants, undoing my belt and zipper. With a firm jerk down, she sent both my pants and boxers to my ankles exposing me to her; rock hard and pointing straight up.

They two women began circling me slowly, eyeing me up and down. Laurie let her fingers drag across my stomach and back, digging her nails in ever so slightly. Jackie paused behind just long enough to slap my ass. The girls giggled at the sound.

Jackie circled in front of me. Her eyes stared at me, like a wild cat stalking her prey. She paused in front of me and ran her fingers through the hair on me chest. Then she grabbed me at the waist and lowered herself to her knees. I could only see the top of her blonde head, but could feel her mouth on my thighs. Her breath was warm against my balls, but she did not touch them, instead she concentrated on sensitive spots at the top of my legs. I throbbed with pleasure.

Laurie knelt behind me, and kissed the back of my legs. She kneaded my ass firmly with each hand. She too was kissing my thighs and legs, leaving the most erotic areas alone. Together they were driving crazy, and I moaned in desperation. "Come on. Come on. Kiss it, take me in your mouth!"

Jackie looked up at me, my hardness brushing against her cheek. "No." And she continued kissing me, moving up to my tummy. Laurie moved around in front of me, and like Jackie, she kissed and licked my thighs, pelvis, and tummy. I could feel their breath on my cock and my balls, but they wouldn't touch me there. 

They paused briefly to exchange a kiss, not lightly like before, but deep and hungry. I could see their tongues dancing together. Their hands pulled at the buttons on each other's blouse.

They pull out of their kiss long enough to undress. Laurie peels out of her blouse, then stands to pull down her jeans. She is wore a loose white cami with no bra underneath. Her lacy french cut panties matched. As she kicked her jeans away, she began kissing and licking my neck sending chills over my body.

Jackie too, peels off her blouse. She reaches behind her to unclasp her bra, and tosses it to the side. She unzips her mini jean skirt, but doesn't pull it down. Instead, she stayed on her knees watch Laurie and I make out.

That's when I feel her. I feel her touching me. Finally. Touching my rock hard cock. I am so worked up that her fingers make me jerk and throb. I feel dizzy and faint. Then her mouth slips over me. Warm and moist. My eyes roll back and I can barely stand.  I feel tugging on by balls. I feel her lick beneath the head of my cock. It's my favorite spot, and makes me quiver. Then I'm in her mouth again with her head bobbing up and down.

"Yeah!" I hear Laurie, "Suck my man's cock! Yeah suck it!" Then she thrust her tongue into my ear. I hear her whisper softly, "you're gonna fuck her, your're gonna fuck her hard." Then she licks my ear again. I throb with excitement.

Laurie returns to her knees for a closer look. She stares intently at Jackie moving on me. Jackie popped me out of her mouth, and offered me to Laurie. Laurie took me in her hand and gently licked the length of me, starting at my balls and up to the tip. The pleasure was unbearable and I let out a deep moan. Laurie took me softly into her mouth and Jackie circled behind me and nibbled my cheeks.

I can't say how long this lasted. It could have been seconds and yet it seems like hours. I completely lost concept of time.

Jackie stood up. She played with my nipples and kissed the back of my neck. I could feel her rocking slightly, pushing her hips into me in a slowly and rhythmically. She was using me to fuck Laurie's face, grinding her pelvis into my ass she continued her slow but firm thrusts.

"I'm fucking her face." Jackie whispered into my ear. "I'm using your cock to fuck her face. Mmmmmmm. I've wanted to fuck her for soooo long." Her thrusting got faster and more violent. I could see Laurie's head snap back with each push.

But just as I could feel my cum building deep down in my balls, Jackie stopped. She circle back around me quick and pushed Laurie off my cock and pinned her back to the floor. Jackie held Laurie down with one hand on her chest. Their eyes met in a hungry stare.

Without looking, Jackie reached down with her other hand to grab at the waist of Laurie's panties. Instinctively, Laurie raised her hips allowing the panties to slip easily over her hips. Jackie pulled the panties over one knee and foot, leaving them draped around Laurie's other ankle. The she spread Laurie's thigh as wide as she could, and lowered her face between them.

What happens next...