 Jackie was late to lunch as usual. Cassie could count of a few things in life. Day, Night, Taxes, Tom of course and Jackie being late. When she first started to notice this, she adjusted her schedule 5 minutes or so. But being late, even if you don't care if the other person is, just drove her nuts. So she developed other ways of handling the time at the table alone. She would plan things in her head, her shopping lists, or projects that need to be done at home. But mostly she would just sit there and people watch, making up stories in her head about the different combinations of people around the room. Who was here on business? Was that romance that is flashing between those two over there? The older woman and her daughter... had to be a medical discussion. She would play this game for as long as it took Jackie to finally drag her butt over here.

Why did Jackie want to meet her for lunch? Cassie hadn't thought about that much before agreeing to the time and place, but they had just been to lunch last week and thinking about it, this was a bit unusual. 

Cassie was pondering this question when a whirlwind blew Jackie into her seat, pulling a waiter behind her with menu and water glass in hand. "Hey sweetie!" Jackie had been shopping and set several small bags with handles down on the floor next to her feet. "I got stuck checking out at Saks. Behind some old gray hair who was disputing the way things were ringing up." And with that the old friends fell into their usual pattern of talking about anything and everything.

Jackie had been her best friend since she move to town from college. They met at her first job and Cassie knew within minutes of meeting her that they would be friends forever. They had lived through each others personal and professional successes and failures, horrible boyfriends, bad haircuts and talked each other down from suicide by chocolate. And even though Jackie had enough quirks to drive most people crazy, to her they were just "Jackie" and she loved her all the more for them. It was Cassie who introduced Jackie to Paul. Paul was in town on business with one of Cassie's boyfriends company and she liked him, as it turned out a whole lot more than her old boyfriend. It took some coaxing to make sure Jackie would show up, but when she did and they met Cassie felt the air get sucked out of the room. Six months later Paul moved his business to town, Jackie moved in with him and six months after that Cassie had to wear a horrible coral color dress in the wedding. 

And in a way, it was Jackie who facilitated things to allow Cassie to meet Tom. It was Jackie who told Cassie to get out of the apartment "NOW!" To go someplace, anyplace before the boyfriend got back. Cassie grabbed a handful of things and disappeared, moving with Lois for a day or two. Jackie handled the boyfriend, getting Cassie's stuff, making arrangements for her to miss work for a day or two to avoid a stalker, even arranging an appointment with a lawyer. The lawyer wasn't Tom, although Tom was a lawyer. The lawyer was a female attorney who specialized in domestic violence cases. Cassie couldn't believe that she was in a middle of a domestic violence "situation", although everyone around her kept telling her that she was. After a while, she moved into Jackie and Paul's place until everyone was convinced that it was safe and that the jerk was going to finally leave her alone. 

Jackie was the one who filled up Cassie's days and nights with conversations and plans. Thinking back about it, it had to be a real sacrifice for the relative newlyweds to make for their sad, sorry friend. But Jackie would hear nothing of it when Cassie suggested she get a hotel room while she looked for a new apartment. And Jackie had Paul drive to get Cassie when she thought she saw her old boyfriend's car following her home one night. They were the best friends anyone could ever hope for and she loved them dearly. 

And it was Jackie who insist that Cassie go to the party when Margie invited her. It was some business thing at downtown restuarant. Never mind it was probably a ploy to give the newlyweds an evening of uninhibative sex without Ms. Third Wheel hanging around the apartment. With no joy in her soul, she let Jackie push her out the door and on with her life. And it was at the party where she met Tom. It was actually in his honor, although you couldn't tell by him. He had won a big case and the firm was basking in their portion of a huge settlement. But the lead lawyer on the case kept finding himself drifting further and further from the center of the party. He was out on the patio when he and Cassie met. 

Cassie knew nothing of the firm, the case and the lawyer. She was there because Jackie kicked her out and Margie had dragged her here. But somehow, the two loners started talking. He was different from the other men to that moment. He was nice. He was shy. He wasn't pushy. He listened! He was tall, kind of skinny, looked ackward in his expensive suit. But over time, he became the most beautiful person she had ever met. And of course Jackie like him, which sealed the deal. One year later Jackie had to wear a horrible dark blue dress at Cassie's wedding. 

So there was little that the two women could not talk about. Family? Cassie knew the names, ages, peculiarlities of Jackie's family, most of Paul's and had Jackie's mom's cell phone number on speed dial. Finance? Jackie had a copy of Cassie's lock box key, just in case of emergency. Sex? What each woman knew more about each other and their friends spouses bedroom activities would shock most people. But when two women are so close and share everything else, why not share that also?

"So," Jackie paused to look around, making sure no one was listening, "how's things?"

Cassie smiled. "Things? Things are very good, thank you. And you?"

Jackie laughed. "Well, we had an interesting "thing" happen to us about a month ago. Remember when the four of us went to dinner and the movie?"

"Yeah?"

"It got pretty steamy later that night."

"Oh really?"

"I'll only going tell you if you tell me an equally good story."

"What if my story isn't as good?"

"Yours never are."

"I'll take my chances with Tom, thank you very much."

"Oh I didn't suggest Tom wasn't a good time. I'm suggesting that you leave out all the best stuff!"

"That's not true... OK. Maybe I do, a little bit. Anyway, what about Saturday night?"

"Well, You were wearing that green sweater of yours. And honey, you were showing a bit of cleavage."

"Yeah. You told me to "put those away." And?..."

"And as soon as you leave, Paul starts kissing my neck and rubbing me from behind. Then he starts feeling me up. So I turn around and push him into the bedroom and he practically rips off my clothes and he keeps going back to my tits. So we're doing the deed and I lean up and he kissing and nibbling on my breasts and I said, "So you're thinking of Cassie's tits aren't you". 

"You didn't"

"Like hell I didn't. So he doesn't answer right away, but I can tell he's getting even more excited, so and I hope you don't mind, but I tell him "Oh, you like Cassie's tits don't you. Kiss them. Yeah, you'd like to doing this to Cassie wouldn't you?"

"JACKIE!"

"Well, that set's him off and I was pretty close behind. I tell you it was the ride of my life. He just about blew me off the saddle, so to speak. So we talked afterwards and I wasn't mad or anything, but I asked if he was as turned on as he seemed."

"Do I really want to hear all this?"

"I don't know... do you?"

"Well, you've gone this far... and?"

"So you know how men are, they get all weirded out trying to figure out if something is a trap or not and he starts to give me this mamby pamby answer. So I stop him and I start to tell him that Its OK and I tell him how I could get excited thinking about Tom and taking off his clothes and pulling down his shorts and..."

"OK, now this is getting weird!"

"Now? Honey, we were past weird twenty minutes ago. So I notice as I'm talking, the old soldier is being to respond. So I keep it up, talking about doing stuff and next thing I know he's on top of me and he's taunting me about Tom fucking me and spliting me wide and me begging for it and..."

Cassie was being to feel a bit flushed. They had talked about sex for the last four years and often it was even more descriptive than this, but in her minds eye she could see Paul naked and hard pounding a needy Jackie towards a climax. 

"... and I'm wanting more and more and..." Jackie looked around and then back to her best friend smiling. "God, it was incredible." 

Cassie could imagine that it was. She felt the slight presence of moisture between her legs and the telltale longing to touch herself. "My god," she heard herself say, "that could be pretty hot."

Jackie heard that and instantly relax a bit, as if she wasn't sure how her friend might relax. "Oh, honey. Go home tonight and try it!"

Cassie was affected by Jackie's story all day. She tried to concentrate on other things, but her mind kept going back to a scene where Jackie is taunting Paul. Or was she taunting Paul? "My god, stop it!" she told herself. Somehow she made it through the afternoon and got home a bit before Tom. It was Thursday, which was pizza night, and she called in their order and then call Tom on his cell.

"Hey."

"Hi sweetheart."

"I've called in the za. Hey, why don't you pick up some wine on the way home also?"

"Wine? On a Thursday?"

"I don't know. It just sounds good."

"Will do."

He was home 30 minutes later with a hot pizza and a cool bottle of wine. Fourty five minutes after that the pizza and wine was gone and Cassie suggested that he might want to shower, a code word for possible sex. That's all it took for Tom to head upstairs and get cleaned up. He came out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel to find Cassie in one of her naughtiest nighties standing at the bedroom door.

"I've been thinking about this all day!"

"I am so glad you did."

Cassie was wearing a black bustieree that pushed her breasts up. With this she had on a tiny black g-string, black stockings and fuck me pumps. She was absolutely gorgegous! "Now why don't you give me that towel and come here."

Tom complied. She took the towel and tossed it over the door knob. She took his hand and lead him to the bed, seating him with his feet on the ground. Cassie leaned over rather than kneeling down to take him in her mouth, knowing that the mirror on the dresser was giving him a wonderful view of her ass.

Tom wasn't sure why he was experiencing this good fortune, but he wasn't going to fight it. Cassie was on fire tonight and whatever it was, he was for it. 

"My god, Cass. This is great!"

"So you're wondering why I'm so hot?"

"Baby, you're incredible."

"I had lunch with Jackie today. And she told me a story." Cassie told each line, taking a break to plunge down as far as she could on his pole. "She told me that she and Paul fucked the other night." She knelt down now to improve her angle and as she did, one hand left his shaft and started to fondle his balls. "And that she imagined that she was getting fucked by you!" And with that she stopped talking and went to work. His excitment was palipable. He leaned back on the bed and moaned, thrusting up to meet her as she slid down on him. "Paul was telling her what you would do to her, but she was imagining that it was you.

Tom was excited enough and now Cassie crawled onto the bed pulling herself up the length of her husband. "She saw you naked and you were rock hard." Cassie was now even with Tom, her body barely hovering above him. The lace on her outfit brushed up against his skin. Cassie sat up and pulled the g string over to one side. She positioned herself over her husband, guiding him where she wanted him. "And then she said you entered her hard, but she was ready for you..." she eased her hips down and first the pressure and then the release as she slid down onto him. She had been ready for this all day and now she was getting what she wanted. Cassie started rocking back and forth, up and down. Fucking around the g-string made it seem dirtier and she was finding that she liked it dirty, at least tonight. "And then you fucked her, like you were fucking mad, you fucked my best friend!" Tom was losing it, he rolled his wife over and started going nuts, hips mashing together. "Fuck me like you fucked Jackie!"

"Fuck Jackie!" Tom muttered. He was a man possessed. He wasn't making love, he was ravishing her. And Cassie was enjoying being ravished. 

"Fuck me!" Cassie screamed as she started to come. Tom exploded into her, she could feel the pulse, feel the splash as he did. He kept moving for a minute or so after they both came and he started to kiss her passionately. "My god, Cassie, what has come over you?'

"I thought you might enjoy the story."

"Did you make that up?"

"Oh..." this was her moment to disfuse the situation. She could say yes and then it would be just some sort of role playing game she made up. But she couldn't. "no. It actually happened. Pretty much the way I told you."

"My god, that was hot."

Tom rolled off of his wife and Cassie excused herself a moment to "freshen up". When she came back to the bed room a minute or two later, Tom was laying under the covers watching her. "I love that outfit."

"I know you do."

Tom climbed out of bed to meet her. They kissed. "But I think I'd like to see more of you." He turned her around and started to undo the ties to the top. It fell to the floor. "I definetely like seeing more of you." Tom kissed her neck, his hands messaging her now bare breasts. When his hands left her tits, they moved down pulling the g-string off of her hips and send them falling down her legs towards the floor. She lifted one leg to kick the useless panties off and her ass bumped up against Tom. He was getting hard again. "So quickly?" she thought, but only for a moment before other sensations called for more attention. 

He left the stocking on as he laid her on the bed. He moved between her legs and started to explore her with his tongue. He stopped for a moment and asked "What else did she tell you?"

Cassie was laying there, still a bit bubbly from the last encounter and now Tom was getting her excited again. "Oh, she said that she started teasing Paul."

"Teasing him about what?"

"My tits."

Tom's tongue brushed up the length of her and she shuttered. "ohmygod". 

"Go on," he said, now zeroing in on her button. 

"She asked if he like my tits." She found herself spreading her legs a bit wider for her husband.

"And he said yes." His hands reached around her legs, shifting her butt a bit and making for a better angle for a long deep thrust.

"Oh god, Tom that's so good."

"Does he want to fondle them?"

"Yes. He wants to see them. He wants to suck on them." Tom was working his magic on her now, but in her mind Paul, a man that protected her at one of the darkest times in her life, was sucking on her breasts. "God, that feels good."

"But he wants to do more than suck your tits, doesn't he?"

"Yes, he wants to fuck me." Tom's tongue was going a mile a minute now. She was close. Hell she was coming. "He wants to fuck me!"

"He will. He will soon." Tom didn't stop when he felt his wife's contractions. He didn't even stop when he thought he tasted a bit of himself down there. Cassie was thrashing around on the bed, legs bucking, hips pushing up to meet him.

"God Tom, fuck me now!"

"Tom or Paul?"

"I don't care! Fuck me!"

Tom slid up and entered her. She was ready and pulled him into her. They mashed together for a minute or so and Cassie was getting more and more excited. Her stocking covered legs wrapped around him, locking him into place.

Tom whispered in her ear, "Paul's fucking you right now isn't he?"

"Yes. God, harder!"

"Paul is fucking you and Jackie is watching."

In Cassie mind now Jackie is back there watching. But Cassie didn't care, she wanted to come more than life itself at the moment. 

"Paul is pounding you and you want it."

"Harder!"

"And Jackie is naked and she's next to you."

"HARDER!"

"She's telling Paul to fuck you. And You want her to."

"OHMYGOD! YES! FUCK ME HARD!" Cassie started coming. It was all Tom could do but to hang on. She exploded and when she did she pulled Tom along also. He found himself pumping and pumping and pumping into her. They were more animal than human at that moment. And when it was over, it was almost more like they "came to" from a deep coma. They found themselves giggling about what just happened.

"Hey," Tom said after a couple of minutes. "Tell Jackie thanks for the bedtime story."

Chapter Two

"You tried it, didn't you?" Jackie asked the moment she picked up the phone.

"What?" Cassie tried to play dumb.

"Don't lie to me. I know you better than anyone. So how was it?"

"Interesting."

"Interesting?"

"VERY interesting."

"We need a drinks. Lunch just won't do this."

It took a few days for the two women to find a free night but Cassie found herself in a booth at a bar, waiting for Jackie once again. It was easier watching people at night to figure out what they wanted. Some wanted relief from their jobs and lives. Some wanted companionship. And, she figured, most wanted sex. Cassie found she could spot the men and women who were there because they had a need and no partner. It was too easy figuring out what the men were thinking, so she found herself concentrating on the women, how they identified who they were interested, how they flirted, how they moved things along. The poor guys they picked had no chance.

"Judging people again, aren't you." Jackie slid into the booth on the opposite side, tossing her coat on top of her purse.

"Not judging them. Just watching. Learning."

"Learning how horny people are?"

"I know how horny people are. I'm just trying to figure out why people do what they do?"

"And?"

"I have no idea."

Jackie waved the waitress over and they ordered drinks. They made small talk, about their days, their jobs, for a round of drinks or two. Finally Jackie couldn't stand it any longer. "So wasn't that fun?"

Cassie didn't need any more clues as to what "that" was. Nodding slightly she replied, "Yes. That was a different way of spending some time together."

Cassie was glancing around to make sure that no one was listening in. "We did it again! Saturday night."

6

This didn't surprise Cassie at all. She had thought about trying the talking again with Tom that weekend, but opted to plain old straight forward seduction sex. Cassie didn't want Tom to think she was totally warped. She had wondered though if Tom wasn't trying to emphasize the same things to her. "So similar results?"

Jackie took a large sip of her drink and waved the bartender for a refill. "You know how we bought similar lingerie last summer? Anyway I got dressed up in that black bustiere that you told me you had on and I covered up in a robe and went downstairs. I asked him "do you want to play our game"? and he jumps up ready to go."

"Your "game"?"

"Don't interupt. So I got a bottle of wine out and I pour two big glasses and we drink and then I told him I had a story about you and Tom."

"I should never tell you anything."

"I told him that you and Tom got drunk and that you told him to shower. And then I sent him to shower, but not to touch himself... other than to clean up."

Jackie stopped when she saw the waitress coming with a fresh round of drinks. Cassie realized now that she was on her third drink and was beginning to feel the effects already. Jackie took another long pull on hers before continuing. "So he's in the shower and I take off my robe and stand by the bathroom door and I said "And Cassie was waiting in the bedroom in this!" A minute later the shower shuts off and he comes into the bedroom, his towel pointing straight out and I have candles going and I'm stretched out. Any way I start telling him stuff..."
