 Jan and Marianne were rushed the first weeks of school and were quite circumspect in their actions and conversations, so they just danced around the subject that was in the front of both of their minds. Actually, they were both a bit overwhelmed by their unexpected sexual tryst – I like that word; it just sounds sexy, but it did describe their last meeting! They both knew that their actions and feelings had to be discussed, but they each hesitated to broach the subject unless they were very alone. I did suggest to Jan that I could be conveniently out some evening, leaving the house (bedroom?) available, but, as it turned out, a subterfuge wasn't necessary.

It was a Monday evening when a special session of the school board was held to discuss some proposed realignments of the graduation requirements and I was asked to discuss the various offers in the social sciences, including history. Jan probably would have attended but we each, separately, came up with the idea of inviting Marianne over "to keep her company" while I was out. Marianne accepted immediately, of course, recognizing the kind of "keeping company" that Jan had in mind.

If there had been any question about their mutual sexual desire, it was answered as soon as Marianne came in the door. The was a momentary hesitation as each waited for a sign from the other, but, whatever that sign was, it was given very quickly they soon were embracing and kissing. Without preamble, they just headed for the bedroom, undressed and lay on the bed. They fondled and caressed each other's bodies with very few words being exchanged. Marianne did ask about how long I would be out and after being assured that they had at least two hours, relaxed and they began a nice, slow buildup. This is how Jan described their second rendezvous.

"I don't know why, but I took the initiative this time and went first. I raised up on my elbow and leaned down and kissed and sucked her nipples. Then, I deliberately sucked just beside her right nipple and, as I did the last time, made a hickey, saying, 'There, all week when you look in the mirror or go to school, my mark will be on your breast.' She obviously liked that and promised to do the same thing to me, calling it a 'love mark!'

"I kissed my way down over her stomach while, at the same time, running my fingers through her pussy hair. I stayed there for a little while playing with her clit and, as she spread her legs, her pussy. I just lay there with my head resting on her stomach as I felt it. She was very wet and my fingers just slid between the lips and into her and I finger-fucked her before moving further back. My finger was well lubricated from her pussy and the tip went right into her asshole with no trouble and I kept it there while I used my thumb on her clit.

"She started moving slightly and I took that as a signal and moved down between her legs. They were up and open, and I just took the time to really look at her pussy. I had seen it the last time, of course, but this time I really studied it – seeing what a pussy really looked like. It really was fascinating because everything was crystal clear. I could see her clit sticking up. I had never understood why it's called 'the man in the boat,' but there it was sticking up in its little canoe. The hair lined outer lips of the pussy were spread open while the inter ones were red and looked to be slightly swollen. There, right in the center where my fingers had been, was a small, dark red hole going into her. That was exciting! I could actually see where a cock would go to fuck her. This may seem weird, but I actually thought of your cock going into that hole! In any case, I now know, in real life, what a woman looks like between her legs!

"Of course, I wasn't really there for a biology lesson, so I just leaned in and began licking and sucking her. If you had told me a month ago that I would be down between a woman's legs, licking her pussy and actually enjoy it, I would have said that you were both crazy and perverted – but there I was. I didn't mind anything about it and I really liked being there and knowing, as she moved more and more, that I was exciting her and causing her to go off. So, it was partly physical pleasure but, even more, it was what I was doing for her.

"Anyway, I continued licking from her clit all the way back to her asshole, concentrating on any area that seemed to arouse her the most. As her excitement mounted, I stayed at her clit while finger-fucking her pussy or ass. Actually, she seemed to react most intensely to her ass, so, as she approached her climax, I inserted my finger into her asshole up to the second knuckle and held it there as she really began to thrash around. At the end, when she was making a final surge against me, I held my mouth firmly against her clit and my finger slid completely into her ass as I pushed back against her. She held there, her hips raised up tight against me – and then she fell back, breathless and exhausted. It's funny, the whole event was exciting, but one thing was peculiar. When she fell back on the bed, my finger was still up her ass and it was a strange feeling as I pulled it out. I was just very aware of the tight passageway – much different from pulling out if her pussy. Good god, here I am comparing the difference between her pussy and her asshole!

"We lay beside each other for some time, just getting over the debilitating loss of energy. We stayed like that, recovering, until, finally, she began working on me. She promptly put a mark beside my nipple as I had done to her." 

"There, we have a matched set. Now we'll each know that the other has a love-mark on her tit.' I was surprised that she said 'tit.' Anyway, she did the same things to me that I had done to her. It felt wonderful and I had a tremendous orgasm. She really knows how to get me hot and set me off! I don't know if it's because of her college experience or if it's just instinct, but it's very good. Oh, also, she really worked on my asshole – damn, that's still hard to say – and was the whole way inside, finger-fucking me as she worked on my clit. She really seemed to like that when I was doing it, but I'm sure that she and Bryan never did anal intercourse."

I had let Jan describe their actions without interrupting because she almost seemed to be reliving their sexual exploits, but interjected a question at this point. "What makes you so sure of that if she seems to be into it?"

She sort of laughed as she replied, "We've talked at length about the change in Marianne. What was it you called her...oh yes, prudish, prim and straitlaced. She had said that she just had no interest in sex, but it hasn't been that way recently and we wondered if we had misjudged her. The answer is an unqualified 'yes!' She and I talked about all of this as we lay there after sex and the truth is funny and somewhat embarrassing at the same time. While I was fooling around with Bryan, letting him see and feel me, she knew that something was going on!"

"What? Did she see something? Did Bryan tell her?"

"No to both! That's what is funny! Remember way back when we began all this and we speculated as to whether Marianne might have a passionate husband after seeing and feeling me! Well, that was the giveaway! He went home and initiated sex with her! We had just about everything backwards! They had rarely had sex for years, and when they did, Bryan just stuck it in and satisfied himself. Really, he just used her pussy, so she just lost interest in the whole business. Their relationship never was based on sex, and after her second pregnancy, it almost stopped. Certainly they never tried any variations like cock-sucking, much less anal intercourse. Suddenly, after coming over here, Bryan was hot when they got home. It didn't take much for her to realize that something was happening here, probably in the Jacuzzi! She said that he always was attracted to me, so she wasn't really surprised! I knew that he watched me all the time, of course, but I didn't think that it was so obvious that she would notice – he never did anything until I started it by showing my tits. She went on to say that she, frankly, didn't care, so she cooperated and stayed out of the way in the plant room! We thought that we were being so clever!"

"Damn, that is embarrassing! She must have been laughing at us – we thought that we were being so cunning....damn!"

"Yeah! Well, of course, everything changed when the pussy-cover fell away and the Bryan fucked me. She said that she wasn't bothered by that at all, but she was astounded – stunned – by her own reaction. She agonized by it for hours after they got home, trying to understand why she had urged him to take me and, even more, why she actually joined in and felt me. She admitted that her previous college experience haunted her, wondering if she really was a lesbian since sex with Bryan did little for her. To tell the truth, I'm not sure that that idea doesn't still bother her. When we were in the Jacuzzi the second time she just assumed that Bryan would fuck me again and she actually hoped that he would because she could play with me! She certainly loves sex with me so, maybe, she doesn't need a cock – at least not Bryan's.

"Apparently, they never even discussed what happened that night – or the second time for that matter. It might not have helped if they had, anyway, but it meant that she was completely alone with her thoughts and fears. Since then she and I have had sex twice now, and we've both loved it and, I guess, in a way, each other. This, obviously, has been a real experience for me, maybe a life-changing experience, but I know that while sex with her, and even loving her, is really enjoyable, it's a distant second to sex with you. I'm not sure that, with her, male-female sex is really appealing. Frankly, I don't care, but she does, and the only male who has sex with her just is not appealing to her."

I grinned at her and kiddingly replied, "Well, I have a cock that you could recommend to her if she wants to test her male-female orientation!"

Jan surprised me by taking me seriously. "I've thought of that and we have to work something out." I looked at her quizzically, but she didn't amplify her comment so I just left it at that, wondering exactly what she had in mind. My answer came sooner than I would have expected and from a major change in Marianne and Bryan's living arrangements.

Our classes had settled down and the school year was underway and we decided to have our friends over for an evening and, of course, the Jacuzzi. I kidded Jan by saying that she just wanted sex with the other member of the Curry family. "Just think, you can alternate between having a cock in your cunt one time, a tongue and fingers the next!" That was not well received! 

We were in for a shock, however, when Marianne said that they couldn't come. She and Jan were sitting in the teacher's lounge when Marianne dropped a bombshell. She first just said that Bryan was out of town and would be gone for some time. Jan, of course, insisted that Marianne come by herself, and Marianne, rather reluctantly, agreed. 

"She's thinks that she'll be out of place alone with three couples, but I told her not to be foolish. In any case, it seems that Bryan may be gone for some time."

"That's too bad; you'll only have one cock to fuck you!"

"Now stop it! One is quite enough! In any case, maybe I can replace it with two tits and a pussy!"

I replied laughing, mocking her, "Now you stop it! That's positively indecent. What's the deal with Bryan?"

"Apparently the economy around here is just killing his work. There's still very little construction going on and, therefore, no need for the machinery that he runs. Their son, George, graduated as a geologist and he moved to North Dakoda because he got a job offer in their new oil fields. He wrote back saying that the building industry has exploded out there and are paying unbelievable rates for men who can run heavy equipment. Apparently, Bryan flew out there – actually the day she and I got together – and interviewed with a couple of companies and was offered a job paying over twice what he can get here!"

"Gods, are they moving out there? To North Dakota?"

"Not immediately. She's going to stay here, at least for the school year, while he sees what it is like. Yeah, North Dakota! On the other hand, while it's miserably cold there, it's not too different from here. And, considering the lake effect snow that put five feet on the ground in one day a few miles from here, the climate probably is no worse than we have! We can talk about it with her Saturday. Actually, she hadn't told me about what was going on because she was crushed at the thought of leaving me! I swear, I think that she was on the verge of tears. I've noticed that she has been rather quiet the last week or so, and that's the reason. In any case, I insisted that she come and that she stay over rather than driving home to that big empty house."

Saturday came, as it always does, and the fun and games at what Doug like to call "Club Jackson" went on as usual. The numbers didn't match up with Bryan gone – someone had to sit out of each game because of the odd number – but the conversation flowed as always since he rarely spoke, anyway. We has discussed between ourselves as to what Jan should wear and she decided to wear the bikini and take her pants off as before – and do it for Marianne's benefit! We all went into the Jacuzzi and I suggested that Marianne sit beside Jan to keep her company. We had our usual rambling conversation, after which Lois and Tim left, followed, when the guestroom was free, by Susan and Doug, leaving us three rather than the usual four. That's when things got interesting!

We, of course, had no idea of what Marianne anticipated would happen, but it was certain that she wouldn't initiate anything. Jan had planned on taking her pants off under the water again. She assumed that Marianne wouldn't reach over and feel her without a broad invitation, so she planned to rub her leg on Marianne's and, if necessary, pull her hand over. I didn't know if that had worked out, but I soon found that it had. As soon as we were alone, Jan reached down into the water and retrieved her pants and, as last time, put them out on the deck saying with enthusiasm, "I love having my pussy bare and available under water! And I don't need this either" as she removed her bra and sat there naked.

Marianne's eyes kept flicking from Jan to me, obviously trying to understand exactly what was going on and to gauge my reaction. She definitely was startled when Jan stood up and made a pirouette, saying, "I guess I don't need to climb out to expose my pussy – you both know exactly what it looks like!" She leaned down and kissed Marianne with real intensity while putting her hand on her breast through her suit and squeezing it. Jan's hand came up automatically onto Jan's bare tit and began doing the same thing. As she was doing that, I slid over to where Jan had been sitting, my cock rigid and sticking out of my opened pants. Abruptly, I pulled Jan over onto my knees, saying, "Bryan's not here tonight so I guess I'll have to substitute." Just as he had done, I grasped her tits and began sliding her back and forth on my knees. Marianne, still shocked, did what she desperately wanted to do – kiss and suck Jan's tits and nipples while, at the same time, feeling and finger-fucking her cunt. It was wild, holding the tits while I could feel Marianne's face and hair against my hands as she worked on them.

Finally, following the pattern of the last two events, I swung Jan around, held her over my cock and let it enter her. One of the most exciting things was feeling Marianne's fingers against my cock as she held Jan's cunt as it sank onto me. Having another woman's fingers sliding on my cock while I fucked my wife was an experience beyond belief! Just as she had done when Bryan was in Jan, Marianne reached around her and continued her assault on Jan's left tit. Jan was bouncing up and down, her own efforts aided by my hands clamped onto her hips, as I surged upward into her. The three of us worked in unison and our orgasms were inevitable. Actually, I don't know if Marianne really went off, but she collapsed the same as we did from the exertion.

I had the camera running, of course, and, in many ways, the scene was much like the last one – the actions were almost identical and with my head mostly obscured by Jan (front or back) even the male lead looked much the same. The aftermath was a bit different, however. Jan stood there completely naked, of course, as she dried off. Marianne appeared to be stunned, obviously not knowing what to say or, really, where to look. My pants had come off as I stood up and I saw her glance furtively at my cock, then look away quickly as I put my robe on. I'm sure that the entire situation was almost too much for her. She had been confused by her own behavior on both of the other occasions and, this time, she had the totally unexpected    actions to consider – particularly my role.

Her confusion, with a bit of apprehension, was written on her face, and Jan took pity on her by putting her arms around her and hugging her, quietly saying, "Don't worry, honey, everything is ok. Come on." 

As they were leaving I called after them, "When you're finished, come on up and we'll have some ice cream. Don't hurry." The two of them disappeared into the guest room while I closed down the Jacuzzi and went upstairs. I dressed and waited, over a half hour, for them to appear, but when they did, it was obvious that everything had been clarified and concerns alleviated. Jan had confessed that I knew all about their assignation and was not only completely comfortable with it, it had my absolute approval. Marianne was a bit tentative at first – a bit diffident – for there obviously was a very significant change in our relationship. 

Her uncertainty soon disappeared and, as evidence that this was a different Marianne – as Jan had described – she laughed with genuine enjoyment when Jan jokingly commented, "Now you've helped two men fuck me!" 

Frankly, I was a bit shocked to hear her say that, thinking that it might be pushing Marianne too far, but she took it with aplomb, even replying, "Pleased to be of service!" It was very pleasant sitting there with the two women after that initial tension faded away. It was the first time that I had talked to Marianne as a woman, not as part of a couple. I don't know if Bryan's presence inhibited her or if she were just freer because her sexual limitations had been eased. Regardless, once that initial reserve was worn away, her out-going and good-natured personality, which I mentioned before, came to the surface with one major change – she no longer had that repressed, almost prudish, attitude toward sexual topics as her "Pleased to be of service!" showed.

When we were alone later, Jan was very happy with everything. "I loved everything tonight! The only thing better about the other times was that I was showing off – particularly showing my pussy like that the last time. I admitted before that I liked having Bryan's cock in me – because it was wickeder, I think. Is that a word or should I say 'more wicked?' Wherever." She said that with a grin, continuing, "But it was nicer tonight! And it was much better with Marianne after what we did together. I don't know...I guess it was less frantic. I wasn't as lost in it as I was before, particularly the first time. Being totally immersed and lost in it was wonderful, but tonight I was more aware of what was happening, who was doing what. I was really aware of Marianne's fingers on and in me, including my asshole – damn it, you've got me saying that word!

"She was concerned about you and what you must have thought about the way the two of us acted – kissing and touching each other. Obviously you knew that she was touching me underwater and she wondered what you were thinking. I just told her that you knew and approved. She was embarrassed about you knowing – remember she never has told Bryan about her college experience – but I think that she was relieved that it wasn't going be a problem for me. Did she touch your cock?"
