 Well she’d done it. Kristen had just walked into her first bar. She felt more like an adult then she ever had. It was about time. “She thought.” After all it was her nineteenth birthday. The guy checking I.D.’s could not believe her age, but after admitting that her drivers license was no fake let her in. Kristen was disappointed but not surprised. She was disappointed because she’d tried so hard to look older.

She’d put her make-up on heavier than usual to try to cover up her pixie-like face. The tight half-shirt accentuated her ‘B’ cup breasts and her short skirt showed off her slim sexy legs. She was not surprised because she got the same reaction from everyone who found out that she was older than thirteen. Kristen, was only four feet, three and a half inches tall, so the three inch heels she was now wearing really didn’t help that much. Everyone just assumed she was a kid. Her slim, almost hipless frame didn’t help. Her short blonde hair and sky blue eyes added to the illusion of immaturity.

She felt the eyes on her as she made her way to an empty table in the corner.

She hoped that some of those eyes saw her as something other than a child or a novelty. She hoped that they saw her as sexy young woman, one that needed love and sex just as much as anyone else. She was hoping so badly because she had decided that tonight was the night she was going to lose her virginity. Yea, she was still a virgin, at nineteen! Technically she was, but not physically. Kristen had accidentally deflowered herself at fifteen with a cigar tube. She’d moved up to a slim five inch vibrator since then but it was no substitute for a real man, or even a woman for that matter. Kristen didn’t really know if she was bisexual or not. It was hard for a virgin to know what she was, but she’d had fantasies about guys and girls. It was something she just accepted

“If I wasn’t so fucking shy!” She said to herself disgustedly. 

It was the dam shyness and insecurity about her size that had plagued her all through school. She’d managed to chase away any possible suitors, but now it had become too much too bare. She needed to feel another persons warm flesh against hers. To taste their lips and feel their desire for her.

“Excuse me Hon.” The Waitress interrupted. “ I don’t know how you got in here but your going to have to leave.”

Kristen shrugged and flashed her ID at the young brunet.

“Sorry ugh, Kristen is it.” The Waitress apologized.

“Don’t worry about it. It happens a lot.”

“Well I’m Tammy. Can I get you a drink?”

“Sure.” She smiled. “How about something strong and sweet. I want to get buzzed but I don’t like the taste of alcohol.”

“I’ve got just the thing. Back in a sec.”

”Tammy returned quickly with her drink. “Here you go, this will get you going but it tastes like kool-aid.

“Kristen took a sip of the purple colored stuff. “Great!” She smiled. “Thanks Tammy.”

“No problem Honey. I’ll be back to check on you in a bit.”

Kristen watched Tammy walk away. Her firm hips swaying back and forth in her uniform skirt. She turned to check out the bar. There were about twenty people in the bar, around twelve guys and eight girls. It seemed that the three or four guys worth considering were already paired up. It was just nine-o-clock, maybe the pickings would get better later on. As she checked out the bar’s occupants, her eyes kept returning to Tammy as she moved from table to table. She was easily the most attractive person there, maybe it was the contrast between Tammy and herself that made her seem so sexy. She was tall, around five foot nine or ten with a mass of wavy dark hair. She was very curvaceous with “D” size breasts and a firm round ass. Her dark complexion was complemented by her almond colored eyes and full red lips, which always seemed to be smiling.

Kristen shook her head and smiled. She had come here to get laid and now here she was, checking out the waitress. She took a big gulp of her drink and settled back to wait for a more obvious choice to walk through the door.

About ten minutes had passed when Tammy reappeared with a double-sized glass of the purple stuff.

“Here you go sweets. This one’s on me, happy birthday.”

“How did you know it was . . . ”

“You showed me your I.D.. Remember.”

“ You didn’t have to do that Tammy.” Kristen gushed.

“Oh hush now. Well, I gotta go, back in a bit.” And she was gone again.

“That was nice of her.” Kristen thought. She had finished off her first drink and started on her second when the Giant screen T.V. came to life with a blare. A feeling of gloom came upon her as she realized what was coming on. It was a football night! Crap! She wasn’t going to get any attention here tonight. She wasn’t the only one. Most of the other women in the bar were making their way to the pool table. The men were oblivious to everything but the T.V. screen. A frown spread across her face. Tonight was a bust. She’d just finish her drink and leave. “What a Birthday!” She thought.

Kristen was still frowning when Tammy surprised her again. “Why the long face, Hon?” Tammy asked.

“Well, it’s just that I came here to get laid, but that’s not going to happen.” It took Kristen a few seconds to realize that she had said that out loud. “Ah . . . Tammy, sorry about that.” She blushed. “ I guess the drinks must be kicking in.”

“Don’t give it a second thought. I was thinking. I’m off the clock now. Would you mind if I joined you? I hate to see someone drinking alone, especially on their birthday.”

“Sure, if you want to.” Replied Kristen, trying not to sound too eager.

“O.K., just let me get myself a drink and I’ll be right back.” She watched Tammy ass again as she made her way to the bar. The possibilities were making her head spin and it suddenly felt very warm in the bar. “Calm down Kristen!” She said to herself. Maybe she’s just trying to be friendly.

Tammy returned with a tall glass in one hand and another glass of the purple stuff in the other.

“Are you trying to get me slammed Tammy?”

“Come on it’s your birthday, celebrate!”

“Your right!” Kristen exclaimed as finished her old drink and started on the fresh one.

Tammy didn’t want this petite beauty complete wasted, but she did want to loosen her up to the point where she would accept the proposal she was sure she was going to make. She didn’t want to move too quickly and scare Kristen away. She made small talk as her mind raced.

She told Kristen about her husband Robert and how working at the bar had kept their heads above water until he got through law school. Now she just helped out Jimmy, the owner from time to time.

“I really don’t know what’s next for me.” Tammy shrugged. “A real job, college, kids?”

“I understand completely. I’m going to college, eventually. I’ve got a little apartment right across the street from the university, but right now I’m paying for it by typing up reports for students.”

The small talk continued and Tammy found herself very attracted to this tiny girl. It had been years since she had made love to another girl, before she had met Robert, yet now she longed to wrap her arms around Kristen’s slim frame, and pull her close.

“So . . . Kristen, you came here to get laid. No boyfriend I guess.”

“Nope. No boyfriend, No girlfriend! Just a dinky little vibrator that’s not doing the job!”

Kristen was embarrassed about her outburst. She’d hid her disappointment when she found Tammy was married, but the boyfriend talk was too much.

“I’m sorry Tammy.”

“No. I’m sorry. I didn’t men to upset you.” Tammy reached out to hold Kristen’s hand across the table. “I want to help you.” She Smiled.

“What do you mean to help me with?”

“I mean to help you get laid.” Tammy noticing that Kristen had not removed her hand from hers pushed on. “In fact I wouldn’t mind getting a piece of you myself.”

Kristen just stared at Tammy in disbelieve. Part of her wanted to turn and run out of the bar, but most of her was very turned on. “I’m interested.” She whispered, as she squeezed Tammy larger hand. “What do you have in mind?”

Tammy allowed herself to breathe. “I’m so glad I didn’t scare you off. I really like you too, Kristen.”

“I like you to, and I have to put my shyness behind me sometime. I would love to be with you Tammy, but what did you mean by helping me to get laid?”

“Well it’s about my husband Robert.”

“You want me to screw your husband!”

“Well, well yes I do. You see Rob’s got this thing about really young girls. You know, illegal young. It’s just a fantasy you know. He’s never done anything about it. And with being a lawyer and all, he just tries to shut out those thoughts. Sometimes I dress up like a little girl for him, but you’re the real thing, only legal.”

“He sounds like a perv to me Tammy.”

“No, it’s not like that. He’s a good man, a good husband. He’s just got a little kink.”

“Is he cute?” Kristen asked, not believing that she was considering this.

“Gorgeous!” Tammy replied.

Kristen tipped her glass back and drained it. She turned to Tammy smiling broadly. “Is this going to be some kind of a threesome thing?”

“If it’s O.K. with you.” Tammy smiled back.

“ Let’s do it!”

“Oh, this so great. I can’t wait. Let’s go. I’ll drive you to my house and I’ll bring you back to get your car tomorrow.”

They made their way out of the bar, laughing and giggling the whole way. As they reached Tammy’s car, Tammy turned to face Kristen and without saying a word leaned down and kissed Kristen’s lips.

For Kristen the kiss was a surprise. A welcome one, she opened her mouth to allow Tammy’s tongue entrance. It was like a bolt of lightning surging through her tiny body. Her nipples longed to be touched and her little pussy roared like a miniature furnace. She greedily dueled with Tammy’s tongue. Unconsciously her arms found their way around the taller girl’s neck. Pulling her closer, she ground her pussy against Tammy leg.

“I’ve got to get you home Tiger, quickly!”

The ride to Tammy’s house, although only a few miles, seemed much to long. Kristen contented herself by sensuously rubbing Tammy’s thigh while she drove.

They pulled into the drive of an upscale townhouse and quickly made their way inside. As soon as the door was shut, their mouths found each others, eagerly probing with their tongues. Kristen felt Tammy’s hand on her right breast and moaned into her mouth. Tammy’s mouth left hers and slowly traced a trail along her chin until it settled on her earlobe.

Kristen’s lust was uncontrollable as Tammy sucked and nibbled on her earlobe and gently massaged her breast through her shirt and bra. As she wrapped her arms around Tammy’s neck, she felt the zipper to her uniform beneath her hand. She slowly pulled the zipper down until it came to a stop at her waist. Tammy relinquished her ear in order to step back. She allowed her uniform to slide off her shoulders onto the floor. Kristen sucked air between her teeth as she gazed upon Tammy’s perfect body. She looked like a lingerie model in her black lacy bra and panties. Kristen reached for her and found her breasts. The firm heavy globes dwarfed her small hands. The brunette’s large nipples were straining against their confining fabric. Tammy knew that Kristen wanted her bra off and she reached around to oblige her. No sooner had her bra came off in Kristen’s hands the phone rang.

“Oh shit!” Tammy shouted as glanced at her watch. She ran to answer the phone, holding her breasts to keep them from bouncing.

“Hello . . . oh, hi Hon . . . been home for a few . . . no I can’t think of anything . . . your coming right home . . . oh! ...I’ve got a surprise for you . . . hope you don’t mind . . . I don’t think you ever met my cousin Joy . . . no . . . well I ran into her at the bar and she hooked up with some guy and didn’t want to leave her daughter home alone all night . . . well I couldn’t say no . . . thirteen, I think . . . she’s cool . . . no trouble at all . . . promise . . . sorry Hon . . . see you in a few . . . love you to . . . bye.”

“Well Hon, I’ve laid the ground work, but we need to get you ready. He’ll be home in fifteen minutes.”

“Ready?” Kristen questioned her.

“We’ve got to make you look even more like jailbait than you already do. The bathrooms down the hall, on the right. You shag your cute little ass in there, strip and wash off your make-up, I’ll be there in a sec.” She gave Kristen a quick kiss and was gone, running down the hallway.

When Tammy returned wearing her long purple satin robe, she found a nude Kristen towel drying her face.

“Hon, you are a living doll!” She sighed.

“You really think I’m pretty?” Kristen blushed.

“You’re gorgeous!”

“Thank you. You don’t know how good that makes me feel, but . . . ”

“Yes Hon.?”

“Do you think your husband will like me?”

“Hon, your Robert’s walking, talking fantasy come to life.”

“But Tammy, I’m getting kinda nervous now. I want you so bad I can taste you, but I haven’t met Robert yet and with losing my virginity and all. I’m getting cold feet.”

“I’m so stupid. I am so sorry. This is a big step for you and all, fucking for the first time and with a guy you’ve never met. I’m sorry Kristen.” She gently pulled the small girl toward her and held her close against her breasts. “I’ve got an idea. Let’s say that you and Rob don’t get along or if you just don’t want to, then you just stay in character and I’ll put you to bed in the guest room and then later, when Robert’s asleep, I’ll sneak into bed with you and we can have some fun.”

“That sounds great Tammy. I guess we better me dressed. Wouldn’t want you to be standing here nude when Robert comes home?” She giggled.

“They decided that Kristen’s half-shirt and skirt were sexier anything else they had to work with. They left out the panties and added a pair of lacy ankle socks. They tied Kristen’s hair up into pig tails with pink ribbon. They were nodding in approval when they heard the front door open.

“Rob’s home Hon, ready or not. Just play the hot teenager and I’ll add the necessary encouragement and we should be naked and sweaty in no time.”

“If you say so Tammy. Let’s go.” As they made their way down the hall, they heard the sounds of football coming from the T.V..

“I see how it is. Not even a welcome home kiss before you glue yourself to the T.V..”

“Hi beautiful! I missed you, Babe!” Rob exclaimed as moved in to kiss her passionately. It was a long deep kiss that made Kristen hot and little jealous. “Well, that’s more like it. Oh, Robert. This is Kristen. She’ll be spending the night. Kristen, this my husband Robert. I hope you two can keep each other company while I make us some thing to eat.

“You’re sure you don’t need some help Tammy?” Kristen winked.

“No, not at all. You two just relax. I’ll be back in a few.” With Tammy’s exit Kristen plopped her self down on the sofa and patted the seat next to her. “Come watch football with me Robby.” She gushed. It was odd. She didn’t feel shy at all. It was if pretending to be someone else freed her somehow.

“You like football Kristen?” Rob asked.

“Love it, Especially when I get to sit with a cutie like you.” Boy, he was cute. Tammy did not lie. He was about five foot ten, trim and well muscled, his youthful face reminded her of Heath Ledger, complete with curly brown hair.

“So you think I’m a cutie. I’m flattered Kristen.” He said as he sat down beside her. “I would think to a girl your age. I would be just an old man.”

“Hardly! Look at Mel Gibson, he’s in his fifties and he’s hot! I bet your not even thirty.”

“Twenty-seven last month.” The action on the screen caught his attention and he sat back to watch.

Kristen thought fast, she didn’t have much time. “Robert, could I snuggle up to you? Like I did with my father before he left.”

“I guess so.” He shrugged. Trying to hide his nervous excitement, he pretended to be oblivious to anything but the game as she slid her hot little bod up next to him. She took his arm and wrapped it around her neck and melted into his chest. “This isn’t fare” He thought as he let his eyes roam down Kristin body. Her shirt gave him a nice view of her cleavage. The firm young mounds of her breasts rose and fell with her breathing. He was sure he could make out the impression of her little nipples against the fabric. Her slim tapered waist was exposed to him. He was sure he could wrap his hands around that tiny waist. He continued his journey past her skirt to her slim athletic legs. She had a mauve colored birth mark just above her right knee that seemed so sexy . . . She moved . . . Kristen had hiked her leg and her skirt slid up and brought two more inches of her tender young thighs into view. He felt the throbbing between his legs and knew he should but a stop to this, but he couldn’t bring him self to.

“This is just like it was with my father.” Kristen interrupted his thoughts. “Except my father didn’t have six-pack abs.” She said as she placed her hand on his stomach. Kristen slowly rubbed the ridges of his waist. “Ooh! That is so sexy.” She crooned.

“What do you know about sexy?” He chuckled, trying to sound casual.

“Oh, I know plenty. I know what’s making that bulge in your pants.” She said smugly.

“Oh, you do.” He whispered. Not knowing what else to say. What should I do? He thought. This was too much. Was she playing with him or was she just a girl showing off to an adult? That right, he was the adult. He should stop this right now, but then again he could play along and stop before it got too far. “What’s making the bulge?” He whispered.

Kristen turned to look Robert in the eye. “You’re cock’s getting hard from you checking me out.” She said, smiling broadly. I could feel your eyes on my body, it made my pussy wet. “Do you want to see it Robbie, do you want to see my little wet pussy.

Robert was stunned to silence. He sat immobile as the teen beauty laid back on the sofa, flipped up her skirt to reveal the prettiest little pussy he could ever imagine. The sparse pale blonde curls did not hide anything and the tender pink lips of her labia hinted of greater treasures within. He watched her rub her finger index finger slowly up and down her tiny slit. He could see it glisten with moisture. Her little box was beckoning to him, drawing him in. He longed to touch it, taste it, love it. At that moment the sounds of pans rattling came from the kitchen. Realization took hold of him. “What are you doing Kristen? I think you should go put on some panties.” He said sternly. “Now!”

Kristen shrugged, stood up and walked to the kitchen. After explaining to Tammy what happened, they returned to confront Robert. “Robert.” Tammy said softly. “I Love you. You’re a good man.”

“What?.” Robert said. With a puzzled look on his face.

“Me and Kristen just tempted you with your greatest fantasy, but you held strong. I’m so proud of you.”

“So that’s it!” He glowered. “A test! Kristen! You were just a test!”

“She’s not a test Hon. Don’t get mad. She’s a present. A present for us both.” Robert just stared at them blankly. “O.K., here goes.” Tammy took a deep breath and laid it all out for him. “Kristen’s not thirteen she’s nineteen and a virgin and she didn’t want to be one any more and I thought you’d like to screw her and I thought she was hot and I hadn’t been with a girl in years and I thought it would be fun if we could share her and don’t be mad at me. Please.”

Robert looked at Kristen. “Nineteen!” He snorted. “Ha!”

“It’s true Robbie.” Kristen assured him. “Look at my I.D..” She held her I.D. in front of his eyes. “I’m all legal and all, and real horny, so please don’t freak out on me. I’m real and I’m all yours if you still want me.”

Robert just stood, unmoving, with his face blank.

Tammy knew the ball was in her court. She had to lighten the mood, and quickly. “Well if your just going to stand there and ignore are guest’s needs I’ll just have to take care of her myself.” Tammy playfully pushed Kristen back on the sofa and crawled between her legs. She eased her way up to kiss her. Kristen, hesitant at first returned the kiss and in no time was passionately dueling with Tammy’s tongue, taking it deeply into her mouth. Tammy, wanting more slowly pulled up Kristen’s shirt, exposing her firm rounded breasts. Tammy’s mouth found the small pink nipple of her right tit while she massaged the left one, gently twisting the little bud between her fingers.
