 This story is the seventh of a series that stands at seven stories. The series began with A Knee, A Rub, A Beer and A Babe, and continued with similarly titled stories.

Jake entered his favorite pub one Friday evening and met the gorgeous, red-haired Suz. They clicked and Suz gave Jake a pleasant surprise at the far end of a slightly darkened bar. As Jake and Suz were about leave for more advanced activities at Jake's home, Suz's incredible, dark-haired, and longtime lover, Michele, the bartender, asked to join them. How could Jake and Suz possibly turn her down? After a late evening romp, the trio fell asleep in their own little mouth-to-groin triangle. 

Later, during the wee hours of Saturday morning, long before the sun poked its bright orange face above the horizon, Michele awakened and seduced Jake. Michele might have dropped the "L" word during their encounter. 

Still later that morning, during another three-way romp-in-the-hay, Suz and Michele revealed to Jake that although they viewed themselves as lesbians, they were seeking a "mate" to join them on their "journey through life." Jake, of course, wondered if they'd chosen him, but the women were a bit cryptic on that point.

There's more sex and more talk Saturday afternoon and evening, including dinner with one of Suz's clients who turns out to be a long-time friend, and a once-upon-a-time lover, of Jake's. Throughout it all, Jake, Suz and Michele discover they really do like each other. Independently they wonder about the future.

This seventh story begins Sunday morning. Jake awakens and finds the women gone, but...

I offer both public tribute and my deepest appreciation to adetaildiva for her invaluable assistance as a volunteer editor. She's fixed my grammar, placed my commas, answered my many, silly questions, suggested words and thoughts here and there, and generally "rattled" [her word] at me when I was completely off base.

* * * 

Oh no, where are they?

That singular thought flew through my brain only seconds before my alarm buzzed me into full awareness of my surroundings. My bed was empty, except for a small silver thong placed on the far left pillow. I chuckled to myself and called downstairs, but received no response. I climbed out of bed, wandered to the bathroom window, the one overlooking my driveway, and peered out, but saw no cars. The lightly tanned, wild-red-haired woman and the dark complected, long-dark-haired woman were gone, vanished to parts unknown.

I quickly did my early morning business, then pulled on skivvies, compression shorts, tennis shorts, a tee-shirt, socks, and tennis shoes, before wandering downstairs and into the kitchen. 

The half-full coffee pot's bright red eye told me two things: the coffee was hot, and the women vacated my home less than an hour ago. I filled an unused cup left next to the pot. As my brain registered its first hit of morning caffeine, I picked up an envelope left next to the cup. I walked around the kitchen's island to the table on the far side. Someone had taken the time to lay out a blue cloth place mat, a white plate on which was centered a leftover cinnamon raisin bagel, a small tub of apple cinnamon cream cheese, and a butter knife. A newspaper was refolded and laid on the table next to the place mat.

I sat and pulled the envelope to my nose. No doubt about it, Michele. I'd know that strong womanly scent anywhere.

I used the knife to slit the envelope's seal and pulled out two pages of my personal, bright-white letterhead. My fingers drew the paper across my nostrils. My nose detected the clear and lighter fragrance of Suz.

I opened the letter with great curiosity, and read.

"Jake:

"We remembered that you're playing tennis this morning, so we decided to leave you to your games while we took our own leave and returned to Michele's home. Beat up those old men with whom you play and if any of them give you any guff about your inexplicable hair loss down there, you have our permission to dangle Michele's silver thong under their sad noses. We trust you found it on her pillow. 

"Normally, I'd be leaving for Chicago sometime this afternoon or evening, but as fortune has it, I have an appointment in Grand Rapids tomorrow morning, so I'll be spending the night with Michele. I'll drive to GR in the morning and fly back to Chicago after my appointment. I'll be in Chicago all week and then back here next weekend.

"Michele says she's cooking tonight and that you're invited, say five-ish. Bring nothing, Jake, and I do mean nothing: no wine, no food, no dessert, no flowers and no candy. But, our dear man, please bring yourself. Michele will send the address, directions and other important data to the email address above. 

"Friday evening and all day and all night yesterday were incredible for us, Jake. We hope they were for you as well.

"We didn't know you knew Anna before our conversation yesterday. We each shed a tear last night when she told us to be nice for you. She must think you're special as do we.

"Can you handle us, Jake? We'd like to talk some more.

"Suz

"Yeah, Jake. What she said. 

"Michele"

And now I'm supposed to play tennis? I grinned to myself. Well, what else am I going to between now and 5-ish?

I gulped the coffee, went back upstairs, threw a post shower change of clothes into my racquet bag, and left, taking the bagel with me for the road. Tennis lasted until noon. Upstairs with the guys in the lounge with more coffee and some talk lasted another hour. A steam and a shower took another half hour. I was dried, dressed, shaved and back home just in time to catch the second half of Detroit's football Lions again snatching defeat from the jaws of victory.

I re-read Suz's letter, several times. I opened Michele's email, noting the names, addresses, phone numbers, birthdays and other important stuff she'd included. I entered it all in my computer and transferred it to my cell. 

I decided I needed to put both our talk yesterday and this note into perspective.

What did I know about these two women that was important? They were in love with each other. I was certain of that. They thought of themselves as lesbians. I was certain of that. They missed a man in their lives. That's what they claimed anyway. 

Well, if a man joins them, many within the lesbian community are likely to reject them as lesbians anyway. They'd be branded as bi. They must know that. So what they're doing carries risk for them. Risk shows importance.

What do they miss about a man: Sex? Some sort of comfort? A different view of life? All of those? Maybe I need to ask them some "why" questions.

What of the four "Ls?" I "like" the women; I'm in strong "lust" with them, but what of our "lifestyles" and could I actually fall in "love" with them? Of course, the little head says "yes," but the larger head is preaching caution. Besides, what am I even doing thinking about being monogamous with an entity called "them?"

Sometimes they like to lead in our sexual activities, but sometimes they like me to take the reins. They must have consented to my having one-on-one sex with each of them because they'd each arranged to be alone with me. They'd apparently been pleased with our three-way activities. I could enjoy those rules.

They'd called it all "a journey." They'd said they didn't know where it would lead. They'd each cited sensual based initial motivations for wanting me, but then they'd shed a tear over Anna's words from yesterday evening. Anna wouldn't have spoken to them that way if she didn't like them and if she likes them, they must be good people.

My life's pretty comfortable right now. Living alone has its advantages. I suppose I've become selfish. I can pursue tennis and golf whenever I want. I can play my internet games anytime, day or night. On the other hand, there's no one to be selfish from. All of that would be different; I'd have others to consider. In exchange, I'd get way more sex than I ever dreamed of, but more importantly, I'd get their company and their companionship. Sometimes alone is lonely. 

They're interesting and bright, not to mention attractive, but would they fit in with me socially. What would my friends and acquaintances think when I show up with two women? I might lose a few, but those probably aren't particularly important in my life anyway. I suppose my potential losses are no different than theirs.

Would I fit with them socially? Last night was great, but I knew one of their friends both longer and better than they did. How would it be when I knew no one? I wonder what they even like to do socially. All we did this weekend was sex and dinner last night.

There'd be more conversation. There'd be someone to hold. There'd be someone to wake up with in the morning. All of that would be nice.

We all could manage living here. There're two bedrooms in the basement and it's a walkout, so it's pretty nice down there. We could convert those bedrooms to offices, or whatever space they want. We could move in whatever of their furniture as they needed and store any extra of either theirs or mine.

It seems like lifestyle, could work out. What about the last "L", love? They're already in love with each other. Could they include me? Could I fall in love with them? It's been a long time since I've even been tempted toward love. Maybe I've finally found the opportunity. Don't blow it by being self-centered and narrow-minded, Jake.

I felt better. I knew I was leaning to the "yes" side of the equation. Their note sounded like they wanted to do it. I knew I wouldn't find out until tonight. I also knew that if they wanted me, I could make a decision. 

Their note said not to bring anything. That's not happening. I know exactly what to bring.

I wandered to the living area and spied what I needed: my old, twelve inch tall, green vase, the one I filled with fresh flowers yesterday. I immediately called my florist, hoping they were open on Sunday. I got lucky when Jackie, the owner, picked up. She was surprised to hear from me since she knew I'd been in the day before. I told her something which potentially could be good was about to happen, and I needed happy flowers. I could hear her smile over the phone line. She knew my vase well, having sold it to me fifteen years earlier, on the day I was divorced. Jackie had filled it weekly ever since. She'd know exactly what to put in it. A man should not be without fresh flowers in his own home.

I focused on the vase. At first, it had symbolized my beginning a new life. Over time that changed and it now reminds me of the beauty of life.

I didn't know what was going to become of Suz and Michele, but I did know that whether or not I returned home later this evening, the vase was remaining with Michele. Sometimes life's road is easy and man's brain should not get in the way.

It was time to leave.

I threw a hopeful suit, shirt, tie, business shoes and a small bag into the Jeep. At five-ish I rang Michele's bell, clothing, bag, and the green vase filled with flowers in hand. Suz answered, fully clothed in jeans and a sweatshirt. She smiled at the flowers, gave me a peck on the cheek, took the flowers, and yelled, "Hey you randy little cunt, he's already disobeying us. Come here and see what Jake brought."

Michele appeared, clothed only in a black cropped tee with the picture of a woman beneath the bubbled thought, I feel a sin coming on. She also wore her silver Mars/Venus navel ring, and a small silver ring on the fourth toe of each foot. 

Could they symbolize a pair of wedding rings?

She stuffed her nose in the bouquet, chided me for bringing flowers, pronounced them wonderful, smiled, took them from Suz and set them aside. She took my clothing and bag and hung the clothing and set the bag on the floor in a nearby closet.

"Judging by those clothes and that bag, I'd say this man is an optimist, Michele."

"Ha! An optimist? I'd say he's grasping at straws. Come over here and sit with us, Jake."

As though they were hatching a pre-arranged plan, Suz stripped off her jeans and her sweatshirt, spread her arms, twirled naked in a full circle once and asked, "Do you still lust after this body, Jake?"

Before I could answer, Michele made a grand show of removing her tee and thong. She spread her own arms, twirled the same circle as Suz, feigned a stumble, and echoed her lover's question, "Yeah, Jake, and this one?"

I reached for both, intending to pull them close and hug them, but they skipped away, Suz's landing first in an overstuffed easy chair and Michele's landing on top of Suz's lap, her back against Suz's front. Four legs spread and draped themselves over the arms of the chair. I noted the pillow on the floor directly in front of the chair and wondered if that were its normal placement. I doubted it. The Bolshoi Ballet couldn't have choreographed this scene any better than what I'd just watched.

I sat on the pillow, noting that my legs spread comfortably around the chair. Silently congratulating myself on sticking with those pilates for the past six months, I leaned forward and with fingers spread wide, stroked the insides of four exposed thighs.


"We weren't sure you'd come," Suz began.

Although tempted to make a joke of Suz's pun, I responded, "I wasn't sure I'd receive an invitation even to see you once in a while."

"That vase with the flowers, it was in your living room over the weekend, wasn't it?" Michele observed.

"Yes, it was. I bought it the day I was divorced and I've kept fresh flowers in it ever since."

"It sounds special," Suz observed.

"It's very special to me; probably the most special thing I own."

"Even more special than that toy we rode in last night?" Michele asked.

"Yes, even more special than my toy. The vase is a gift for the two of you regardless of what we decide. I hope you'll accept it."

Two heads turned and looked at each other and then two women pushed me backward from between their outstretched legs. I landed on my back just as they each bolted from the chair and landed on top of me, the vee between each set of legs claiming dibs atop one of my thighs. Their heads landed on my chest and the three of us hugged our greeting to each other. None of us seemed to want to disengage, so we just lay there, their heads folded against my shoulders.

Holding them felt secure, but not in either a submissive or a protective sense. It felt secure in the sense that three individuals, each of whom had been seeking something special, just might have found it and just might have a fair shot at keeping it. During these moments I didn't know the women were naked. It made no difference. It wasn't a sexual hug. It was three friends telling each other that they were acquainted with each other and that they cared for each other well beyond their actual time together. 

It was Michele who first climbed off.

"Glass of wine? I've got a nice Little Penguin pinot noir. Oh, did you see the movie, Sideways?"

"I did. Many consider it's release the nationwide discovery of pinot noir."

"Consider us among them. Have you tried Little Penguin?"

"I've read of it, but I've never tried it. It's Australian, isn't it?"

"Yes, it is. Suz and I were introduced to it when we visited some friends up north a few weeks ago. We had it with dinner in a little neighborhood bar and restaurant up there. We liked it so much that I contacted Tony over at Abruzzo's in Grand Rapids and asked him to order some for us."

"Tony's a good man," I responded, "and I like Abruzzo's. It's one of the few places I can find that beer I like. I've also bought a fair amount of their wine over the years."

"Excuse me while I get the wine. You two enjoy yourselves while I'm gone." 

As Michele walked out of the room, I heard, "Kiss me, Jake."

My left hand found the back of Suz's head and entangled itself in her luscious red hair. Her naked body felt both exquisite and vulnerable wrapped in my arms. My right hand touched her left cheek and guided her lips to mine. Suz's lips and tongue introduced a fresh taste to my mouth as they explored, more like a sensual and inquisitive first kiss than anything else. I accepted her tentative advances and offered the same. I touched the ridges across the roof of her mouth. I traced the biting edges of her teeth. I delved into the very soft, wet area beneath her tongue. We moaned our mutual appreciation into each other's mouths.

After what seemed both an eternity and a mere second, Michele approached. She poured three wine glasses and set them on a nearby table before she asked, "Excuse me, Suz. May I cut in?"

Suz broke our kiss and rolled off me just as Michele's two hands grabbed my wrists, pulled me first to a sitting position and then to my feet. She wrapped her arms around my neck, leaped and wrapped her legs around my waist. Her naked groin found mine and began bouncing. Her mouth engulfed mine as her tongue ravished me. For as soft and gentle as Suz's kiss had been, Michele's was just as torrid and demanding. Her head twisted wildly; her throat exploded with nondescript sound and her tongue plunged repeatedly into the depths of my mouth.

Suz climbed to her knees as my hands found Michele's ass. Suz pushed Michele's hips away from their bounce and grind against my jeans and forced her head into the small opening thus created. Her fingers spread labia and her mouth found a clit to suck, a cunt to lick and an ass to probe.

Michele accelerated both her attack on my mouth and her bare-cunted grind against Suz's face. Michele refused to relent until the moment Suz stuffed a thumb into Michele's ass. Michele bucked once more and screamed her release. Her mouth left mine while Suz continued licking as the wondrous tension of Michele's orgasm flowed from her body. She unwound her legs from my hips and hopped to the floor as though she'd given me no more than a quick peck on the cheek.

"Now that was a quickie," she declared with a mischievous grin on her face. "Where's my wine?"

I passed out the wine glasses Michele had poured a few minutes earlier. We clinked, shyly toasted the future and took our first gulps. It was not a bad little wine for a pinot noir: light and fruity, not unlike the taste of Suz.

"I have a question, Jake."

"What's that, Suz?"

"Do you need the use of your cock to drink wine?"

"Well, no. I guess I could drink wine without my cock's being involved. Even though I'm a man, I do have limited multi-tasking abilities," I tossed back at her.

"In that case, would you bring your cock over here and put it to good use," Suz asked as she bent herself face down over the soft arm of the chair in which she and Michele had sat a few minutes earlier.

"Oh, and, Jake?"

"Yes, Suz?"

"Don't be gentle."

"Hey, don't forget me." 

I watched Michele scramble into the seat of the chair and positioned herself with her back against the chair's padded arm, her legs spread and her crotch pointed directly at Suz's face. I laughed as Suz renewed her ministrations on Michele's cunt. 

I took my time removing my own clothing while I watched, fascinated, as Michele held Suz's head between her legs. 

I approached Suz from behind. 

"Suz, I don't have enough hands. Reach back here and spread yourself for me."

It actually was a joy to watch Suz reach around her hips and spread her labia wide. I bent and gave her several top to bottom licks, more for my own enjoyment as she already was quite wet. When I judged my taste buds temporarily sated, I stood, aimed, and entered in one thrust. I grabbed one of Michele's ankles with my free hand and pulled her silver-tipped, ring-bearing toes toward my mouth. She looked up at me with wide eyes and a moment later a large smile broke out on her face.

