 It was Friday afternoon and like any other regular college student, I was really looking forward to the weekend. Luckily for me, I had a party lined up at my friend Adam's apartment near school. He lives with two other college guys, so I knew pretty much what to expect: a bunch of guys sitting around, a keg of beer, a few bottles of hard liquor, a few skanky girls, and probably some pot. Usually, I wouldn't get too excited over a night like this, but tonight was completely different.

Tonight I was planning on finally nabbing a guy I've been wanting all semester, Jason. Jason is about 6`1, dark brown hair, and has green eyes. His father is American and his mother is Brazilian, so he's got a great blend of skin tone going on. He seems to have a perfect bronze tan all the time, but that's just how he is. Oh, and did I mention he's a soccer player? The first time I saw him at soccer practice without his shirt on, it was instant moisture. I'm not really into big, strong, jock-type guys, but Jason's body is to die for. His body is completely well toned, and his muscles aren't the kind that are obvious and so big they end of looking gross. Everything is just hard enough to seem strong and sexy at the same time, from his gorgeous tanned legs, to his flat and perfect chest. If you stand close to him, you can see a solid six-pack just starting to come into view. 

My history with Jason dates back to last semester when we met each other in a Critical Social Theory course and we both hated the professor. We talked and flirted during breaks, but nothing more besides that. Over the winter break I couldn't stop thinking about him. I pleasured myself thinking his smile, the way he would pinch my arms and stomach when we flirted, and a considerable amount of time picturing him south of the border. So I came to the conclusion that Jason was the perfect guy for me to date. Where as most guys who talk to me either pretend to be too cool, or are just too damn nervous or goofy, Jason is sweet, confident, and gorgeous.

Now, a little bit about myself, my name is Lauren Butler. I'm 5`4, have 34 B boobs, weigh 115 lbs, and I'm very firm all over. I have brown curly hair and green eyes. I wouldn't consider myself the sexiest girl at school, but I'm definitely a tight little package. I dated a few guys during my sophomore year at school and two other guys first semester, but nothing serious. If things go well tonight, I think Jason could be the guy I'd take seriously.

So, on with the story, I get back to my room right about 6pm. I'd been shopping all day for new black pants and a sexy, but elegant top that cut off just below my navel. A short skirt would be perfect for the occasion, but it's pretty cold here in Boston. Besides, it's not like I was going to cry out, "I'm a slut. Fuck me Jason." I took a long, hot shower and shaved my legs to make sure they were silky smooth. I didn't expect to get any heavy action that night, but a girl can never be too careful. I even made sure to shave my entire pussy the night before, to avoid any possible irritation marks today. After that, my roommate helped me with my hair and makeup and waited until 10:30pm. The party was supposed to start at 9, but it's never much fun to be the first one there.

So I walk a few blocks over to the party and already the scene is pretty much what I expected. A few big burly guys welcome me at the door, and the living room is pretty much a noisy, and nasty mess. Chips and beer cans cover the table, trashy posters of girls in bikinis adorn the walls, and a funky smell hovers about the room. The music in the room alternates between really bad reggae and trendy mainstream rap music.

I look around the room for Jason but I can't find him. I walk over to the bar and start fixing myself a vodka tonic.

"Can I help with you sexy?"

I turn around and it's Adam. Adam's a 5`6, slim figured, kind of preppie kid with brownish hair. His all American wholesome look would make him a great Ambercrombie & Fitch model. I met him during orientation my freshman year and we've been friends ever since. He's a sweetheart, but I've never had any sexual attraction towards him. He's the type of guy you'd have a crush on or want to kiss, but you wouldn't necessarily look at him and think about sleeping with him right off the bat. He's very respectful too. He'd be more likely to try and hold your hand, instead of feeling up your ass or your tits.

"Hey honey, happy birthday!" We hug and I kiss the side of his face.

He takes a big look at me and says, "Wow, you look great! Too bad I already have a date." He grins and chuckles as he says this to me. His comment makes me think of 2 things. First, Adam still likes me. He has always been giving me compliments from the first day we met, but tries to pass it off as a joke. Lame, but sweet. Second, like I said, Adam always compliments me so I don't really know if I look good or not.

Like always, I try to take his mind of me. I ask Adam who his date is and he points to a cute and petite freshman girl across the room called Kelly. "She's cute. I'm happy for you." He thanks me and goes over to her. For the record, I really do think she's cute and I hope it works out for Adam. I doubt he's ever done anything with a girl. He still has that innocent way about him.

Twenty minutes pass until I finally spot Jason. He walks into the room wearing black jeans and a dark, black, button-up shirt with a few buttons opened up revealing some of his caramel colored chest. My nipples jumped to attention instantly. I couldn't believe how much of an impact this guy really had on me. So I hid in the hallway that connects the bedrooms and the living room and waited for about five minutes until I saw him get a drink and just stand around.

I approach him very casually and act surprised when we finally see each other. He looked at me and smiled. If he only knew what was going on inside my panties when he looked at me like that. We went right into our usual friendly and flirty routine. We talked about the class we had together, what we did over the break, etc... . Not counting several interruptions by some of his friends, everything was going like clockwork. We were grinning at each other the whole time. He kept making us drinks too, which loosened both of us up quite a bit. 

After he brought over the third round of drinks I ask him about his plans after the party and he told me he was tired from soccer practice and probably going home. To my surprise he told me he lived in a studio apartment just a block away from my dorm. So I teasingly asked what his room number was so I could go and surprise him one day. "Number seven.", he tells me.

I smile at him and wink at him and just like that his facial expression changes. I wonder if I came on too strong for him, until I realized what was going on. Just a few seconds later a girl walks up right up to Jason and kisses him on the lips. She says, "Hi baby." 

Jason's face gets a little red from embarrassment. He holds her hand and says, "Lauren, this is my girlfriend Danielle." He says this to me with a straight face. Girlfriend? Girlfriend!?!?!?!?!? What an asshole! How could he not tell me he had a girlfriend?

He says, "We started going out late last semester right before our class ended." My heart just sank deep into my chest. I started running out of air, but I was not going to let either of them know that.

I say, "Oh that's great. You guys make such a cute couple." Even though it was hard to admit, they definitely were a cute looking couple. Danielle was beautiful. She was about 5`10, bronzed skinned, large round breasts that were at least a C cup, with nipples whose shape you could make out just by looking at her dark halter-top. She had jet-black hair that came down to the middle of her back. Her eyes were big and dark brown and her lips were full and puffy.

He says to me, "She's Brazilian, just like my mom." Great, I thought. There's no way he's going to like my pale ass. She only made me feel worse when she started eyeing me from top to bottom. Her stare can be pretty intimidating. She looked older than me too. I asked them how they met each other and it turned out she was one of his professor's assistant. She was a senior, so my suspicion was correct. I felt like such a kid around her, and I just couldn't handle it so I left.

My first instinct was to leave the party, but I didn't want to seem too obvious so I went and got some drinks instead. I poured myself a tall glass of straight vodka and swallowed it down in three gulps. Needless to say, with the drinking I had done before, I got a little woozy. I decided to sit down for a moment and wait at least half an hour before leaving. Slowly, more and more people started leaving. As I was close to making my exit I noticed Danielle staring at me from across the room. She kept whispering in Jason's ear and giving him kisses. She was obviously aware that I had a thing for him. This all became too embarrassing so I just headed for the door. I felt like crying but I wanted to at least wait until I was out on the street before doing so.

When I got up my head was spinning, my legs were wobbly. So this is what people mean when they say, "I feel like shit." As I reached the door I saw Adam by himself in the hallway. He was crouched down on the floor, his head resting against his knees. I went over to him to see what was wrong.

He looked at me, his eyes were all red. I didn't know whether it was because he was so drunk or if something had happened. He smiled when he looked at me and as he spoke I could the tequila on his breath.

He says, "My night is so fucked Lauren. My night is so fucked. I hate this shit." He kept going on and on about how his life sucked so I made my best effort to drag him into the bathroom and splash some water on his face. 

When we got there I could barely stand up myself and used my hands to hold myself up on the sink. Adam just sat there on the toilet, he looked like he was about to cry. I ask, "What is it?"

He tells me how he was making out with Kelley in his room, but she freaked out when he tried to touch her between her legs. He says, "I don't understand, she let me feel her tits through her shirt but she wouldn't let me touch her pussy. Don't girls like it when you rub their pussy Lauren? Don't you like it?" His question made me feel a bit awkward. Adam had never been that blunt with me before, but in his state, I thought it best just to answer. 

I say, "It depends on the guy, how long I've been with him, how much I like him...but yes, I like it."

He says, "So she just doesn't like me then?" I didn't know what to say. Then he looks at me and says, "Do you realize I'm still a virgin? I haven't seen one girl naked in my entire life! Can you believe that shit? Do you know how embarrassing that is?" He started crying, and I couldn't help but feel sorry for him. I go over to him and hug him. He puts his arm around my waist and puts his face about 2 inches from mine. 

"I've masturbated to you so fucking much Lauren. I've thought about you naked millions of times, and all the shit I want to do to you. I want you Lauren." I tried to push myself from him but his grip was just too tight. "Can I see you naked Lauren? Please." This time I really shove him away and manage to stand up. 

"Adam, what the fuck is wrong with you?"

He says, "I've never seen a vagina Lauren. I've never seen one. All I know about a pussy comes from the Internet and videos. I want to see one. Can I see yours Lauren. Please, I want to jerk off looking at you." He starts unbuckling his pants, and that's when I tell him to stop everything. 

I wobble out of the bathroom and make my way towards the door again and that's when I catch a glimpse of Jason and Danielle making out heavily in front of people. I felt the tears roll down my face and they made me think of Adam. At least Adam was being honest with me. At least he had the balls for that. And then I started wondering, who cares if he sees my vagina? Other guys have seen it, and it's not like Adam is the worse possible person I could show it to. So I decided to march right back into the bathroom and Adam was still sitting on the toilet.

"Ok, you can look at it, but just for a minute or two." His eyes lit up like firecrackers. 

"Really?" It's funny how a guy can get very nervous when he gets what he wants. I could see Adam's hands shaking as he unbuttoned his pants. If he's never seen a Vagina, then he's certainly never shown his dick to anyone. Besides, maybe he has a cute one. Who knows? He drops his pants to reveal and already I could see a small bulge in his boxers. 

I say, "Show me." 

He looks at me with scared eyes and says, "Take off your pants too." So I unzip my pants, and lower them down really slowly. Adam was already breathing slightly harder. I leave my pants down around my ankles, and reveal my black satin thong, which is very low cut and fights pretty tightly. I look down at myself and to try and picture what he's seeing and when I look back up his boxers are already at his feet. 

Make no mistake, Adam's cock was definitely less than average size. His shaft was about four inches and not very wide at all. It was almost like this skinny piece of hard bone that stuck out of his body. His head was just a small compact piece of pinkish colored fleshed. His balls were very compressed too, and didn't hang very low. His cock was surrounded by a thin layer of brownish pubic hair, very scattered, very messy. I felt so sorry for Adam. If guys measured their masculinity by their penis size, then no wonder Adam was so insecure. No wonder he was always trying to be so nice. He was trying to make up for what little he had to offer. This was the smallest dick I've ever seen. It did look kind of cute and all, at least everything was in proportion, but I wouldn't want a boyfriend with that kind of dick. I'd really like at least average. I try to make him feel better so I say, "Oh, it's cute." He holds it in his hand and says, "Your turn."

So I put my thumbs around the waistband and lower only the front part of my thong to reveal my pussy. He begins pumping nervously. Behind Adam is the bathroom mirror. I catch myself in it and see what he is seeing. I see my entirely shaved pussy, looking very smooth. I would say my outer labia are quite a bit large and puffy so you can't really see much of my inner ones if I'm standing up. 

Adam says, "Open it up." He says this without so much as even looking at my face. I can feel his eyes lapping every inch of my pussy. He says, "Please, I want to see your clit."

By this point, Adam looks really pathetic. His right fist pumps away at his small cock and he has begun sweating profusely. I lower my thong to my thighs and use my and use both ands to spread my pussy apart for him. I feel myself getting wet. Part of me feels like such a slut for doing this, and it's really a turn on. I look at myself in the mirror and see my open pink pussy in the mirror. My small, reddish inner lips on full display, and my love hole has opened up quite a bit. I feel the air rushing right up and into me. I use my index and middle fingers to pull apart the top of my pussy and show Adam and erect clit. Juices have begun dripping a bit and my pussy is beginning to look like someone has just spread vaseline all over it. 

I take a good look at Adam and begin thinking about going down on him. Should I? I think to myself: He's cute, and more experience for me never hurts. Maybe I should take advantage and just have him eat me out instead? Yeah, that's just what I'll do. And then suddenly that's when I look in the mirror and see the bathroom door behind me is springing open. I remember I didn't lock the bathroom door when I came in because I was too upset and I probably didn't hear the knob turn because of Adam's moaning. 

Everything suddenly turned into slow motion. It was too late for me to pull my panties up. I felt the breeze from outside the door hit my ass as the person finally opened the entire door. I look in the mirror to see who it is and it is Jason! He says, "Oh shit! I'm sorry!" I look at his face in the mirror and watch his eyes move on down. That's when I move my eyes down and find myself still clutching my pussy open with both hands. Jason has just treated himself to the most intense and personal view I could ever offer someone. 

I cover my pussy with my hands, turn around and yell, "Close the door!" As he did so I caught a glimpse of two kids, probably freshman, standing outside the bathroom. They just treated themselves to a full view of my bare ass. I reach down for my thong and pull them up in an instant. As I pull my pants up I see Adam still pumping. He says, "Wait, oh, oh, wait!" And he begins to dump his load all onto himself. His cumshots hit him in the chest and stomach. His shirt is stained pretty badly. I open the door and race out of the party. 

As I leave I hear girls yelling, "Oh my god!" They probably just treated themselves to a full view of Adam's small penis, swarmed with cum at the tip, and red from the self-abuse. 

This had definitely turned into the worst night of my life. I cried all the way to my dorm. I've never been so humiliated in my life. Not by anyone I was so attracted to anyway. I didn't want my roommate to see me like this. She was surely going to notice something was wrong and eventually drag it out of me. I went to a nearby Store 24 and bought some cigarettes and sat by myself on the steps of my dorm. All I could think about was, how was I ever going to talk to Jason ever again? Will everybody find out about this? Can we still be friends? Do I even want to be his friend now that I know he has a girlfriend? I thought about this for an hour before I looked at my watch again. Then I remembered he lives nearby. I though, if I could just talk to him about this tonight, then maybe I wouldn't have to be so weird later. Besides, the night has already been a disaster anyway, what more did I have to lose?

I looked at my watch and it read 2:30pm. He should definitely be home by now I thought. I marched on over to his apartment and rang the buzzer to his place. When I reached the door to his studio, he was already standing there holding the partly open. When I reached the door I couldn't even look him in the eye and just went right on in.

When I turned around to look at him Jason was wearing nothing except for his boxer-briefs underwear. They wear tight black cotton briefs that came down and hugged his thighs. I was speechless. He acted like it was no big deal. But my god, he looked great. I got tingles in my stomach just by looking at him.

He said, "Don't worry, I'm not gonna tell anybody. It's no big deal right?" I pretend to act defensive but he just looked so goddamn sexy in those shorts. He noticed me staring at his stomach and chest and smiled. He looked down at the bulge in his shorts. His briefs were pretty tight and even though he wasn't hard, it was obvious he had a large package.

"Do you want to see it?" I was shocked by his proposal, but thrilled.

However, I didn't want him to think I was so slutty so I said, "Why would you ask me something like that? Is that what you think I came for?"

"Relax Lauren, jesus. I know you're embarrassed I saw you and I think it's pretty clear that unless we do something about this we're always going to be uncomfortable with each other. If I show you that way we'll be even. I don't want to lose you as a friend."

I could tell by the way he looked at me that he meant it. He said, "So do you want to see or not?" I tried to act really casual about it, even though I could feel myself started to get wet.

I said, "Fine, whatever."

So in one fell swoop he lowered his briefs down to his thighs. I couldn't believe my eyes. His cock was gorgeous. It was in its soft state hanging down a little to the left, but even then I could tell it would grow to be of considerable size. The skin along his shaft looked so smooth, like velvet, and his head was the perfect color of pink. His balls were pretty big, but not too big. They were smooth too; in fact he was very well groomed for a guy. He had no hair around his dick and balls, and the hair he had on the top was trimmed down pretty low. It was, and has always been, the most perfect cock I've ever had the pleasure of looking at.
