 When I woke up on Sunday, my alarm ringing shrilly from my cell phone, I was face down on a male chest. I scrambled up into a sitting position and reached for the phone on the floor.

"Shit" I muttered as I registered the time. It was five am and I started work at six. I jumped to my feet and started searching around the unconscious bodies on the floor to find my dress. The man sharing my sofa started grumbling and worked his way into a sitting position as I pulled my plain black body con dress on over my bra and panties. 

"Jamie? What are you doing?" He mumbled as he ran a hand over his dishevelled hair. 

"I've got to get to work, I cant believe I let you talk me into this party." I shook my head and started looking for my shoes, I honestly cant remember how I lost the majority of my clothes so please don't ask. 

"I don't believe I talked you into anything, you agreed of your own free will."

"I tried to leave at midnight." I grabbed a shoe- impossibly high heeled with black glitter sparkling in the light from the kitchen- and slipped it on. "But I just had to stay for an epic game of beer pong." 

"Which we won, I might add." he also stood and pulled on a faded Guns And Roses t-shirt. 

"What are you doing?" I asked as I slipped on my other shoe and grabbed my bag. 

"Driving you to work." 

"Hell no, you're probably still drunk." 

"I resent that." He grabbed a set of keys from the table and stepped past me to the door. "Even if the trains are running at this ungodly hour, which I highly doubt, you would never make it all the way to Bradford in time."

"And I will with you driving? We're in Leeds." 

"So we better get going." With that he stepped outside into the hallway of his apartment building, leaving me with no choice but to follow.

We arrived at my work with about a minute to spare before the start of my shift, I thanked Zach and hopped out of his car before running into the supermarket where I worked as an online shopper- people ordered their groceries online and I picked the products for them. The rest of the online shoppers we coming out of the staff cafeteria just as I came out of the stairwell and they all froze when they saw me, I must have presented an interesting sight in a skin-tight dress with bare legs and dishevelled make up and hair. 

"You're cutting it a bit fine, aren't you?" Lucy, a slightly crazy friend and co-worker of mine asked. 

"Over slept, can you tell Maggie that I'll be down in five?" I started shuffling past them to the girls locker room.

"Sure, but then we want to hear all the dirty details." They all walked off while I ran to change into my uniform and pull up my hair. My boss didn't give me a hard time when I went in to get my scanner (gun as we called it) but just sent me out to start working, the others weren't as accepting and I was bombarded with questions until I left at twelve o'clock. When I got back to the apartment I shared with my sister Alex, my parents had a thing for unisex names, I found Zach waiting in the hallway. 

"What do you want?" I asked as I let us inside, my sister was at work so we had the apartment to ourselves and Zach trailed me as I went through to the tiny open plan kitchen. 

"A favour, a pretty big one." He admitted sheepishly. 

"Uh-huh, how big?" 

"It's for class." Zach was a photography student, and really talented, but his subjects tended towards the... shocking. But not necessarily in a bad way. 

"What do you need?" I set about making us both a coffee before I noticed the black shopping bag hanging from his fingers. "Is that for me?"

"In a way, you only get it if you agree." 

"Hurry and tell me what I'll be doing then." I smiled, Zach and I were extremely close, great friends and occasional fuck buddies. 

"I want to photograph you naked." He blurted and I froze with a coffee cup halfway to my mouth, it was one thing for him to see me naked but having pictures of it was very different. "It isn't like you sounds, I'm not talking porn shots, tasteful."

"Zach, don't take this the wrong way, but that isn't really your forte." 

"This is lingerie for you to wear at the start, and I won't include your face so no one will know it's you." He blinked his big blue eyes at me. "One time, I swear." 

"Fine, give me the bag." I held my hand out for the bag and he excitedly pushed it into my hands. 

"You want to do it here?" He gestured to the camera hanging from his neck "I've got my equipment right here."

"Sure, Alex won't be home for hours so we have time. I'll change out here and meet you in there." He disappeared into my bedroom and I knew he was arranging things to how he wanted them, I tipped the contents of the bag out onto the counter and stripped of my clothes until I was stood naked in the kitchen. I eased the tiny, black lace G-string up over my hips before slipping on the matching demi-bra. The bra pushed my full, firm D-cup breasts up and out to mouth-watering effect until I was almost bursting out of the sheer lace, a matching garter belt around my waist held up the sheer black stockings and a pair of shiny patent leather black shoes made my legs look impossibly long as I walked through to my bedroom. Zach had dimmed the lights and arranged my red pillows in a huge mound at the head of my bed, the matching red sheets already rumpled from his hands. He had been very smart when picking my outfit and I knew that the black lace and the paleness of my skin would contrast incredibly with the blood red sheets. 

"Wow, you look even better than I imagined." He breathed when he saw me. 

"Where do you want me?" At first he arranged me on my side with my head propped up on my hand and my breasts pushed up invitingly, the first few shots were predictable, on my front facing the camera, on my front facing away but giving a seductive smile over my shoulder as he snapped pictures of my firm, taut ass. Then things changed, he asked me to take my bra off and cover my breasts with my arms. Once he had a few shots of that pose he had me kneel up and drop my arms, exposing my full, high, perky breasts to his gaze. The experience of stripping for someone to take pictures of me and the knowledge that other people would see it had my nipples tightening with arousal and moisture pooling between my thighs, Zach had me cup my breasts in my hands as if I was offering them to the viewer but before we could do any more shots there was a knock at the door. 

"Could you get that?" I asked Zach, he hesitated before sighing and looking over at me. 

"I have to confess something." He looked me dead in the eye. "This shoot requires another model, I picked one I thought you might like." He jogged off and when he returned his best friend and roommate Scott was behind him, the tall blonde grinned when he saw me knelt half naked on the bed and pulled off his shirt. He was a personal trainer at the gym so his body was predictably toned and muscled but it was the excited gleam in his eyes that had me biting my lip to keep from moaning. "Scott is going to pose with you."

"Cool." I smiled at Scott as he shed his jeans, he kept his black briefs of even though there was a noticeable bulge growing at the front.

"Jamie, panties now." Zach nodded at me. I grinned wickedly at Scott before easing the g-sting down until I could drop it to the floor, exposing my bald pussy to their gazes.

Five minutes later I was laid out on my back with my legs spread so Zach could photograph me in all my naked glory, from my aching breasts down to my wet pussy. I was beyond aroused and couldn't stop my hands lifting to toy with my stiff nipples, I had to make to photos good didn't I? 

"Damn that's good." Zach breathed as I arched my back, Scott was sat at the foot of the bed, his exposed cock long and hard. I rubbed a finger over my wet slit and moaned at the sensation before I felt a hand on my ankle, Scott was tugging me up to straddle his naked hips so he could thrust two fingers inside my pussy. I was soaking wet, my juices streaming down my thighs as Scott finger-fucked me, when his thumb pressed down on my clit I arched my neck violently as I came. Zach caught every moment on camera. Before I knew it Scott had thrust his thick, hard cock inside me and I could feel him pressing against my deliciously swollen walls. Zach was crouched next to us snapping pictures of Scott's cock, glistening with my juices, thrusting in and out of me, my pussy spasming around his hard flash as I came again. I collapsed against Scott my full, sweaty breasts pressed to his naked chest as he continued to fuck me. I felt something slick brush my asshole and looked over my shoulder in surprise, Zach had produced a bottle of lube from somewhere and was liberally spreading it on both his cock and my asshole. I was going to take them both. The thought had me coming again, squeezing my muscles around Scott's now throbbing cock. Zach was now up behind me, slowly easing his own impressive cock into me, my hole was tight and it took a while for him to enter me fully but once he was in the sensation of being filled by two different men had me moaning.I felt so deliciously full, almost to the point of pain where my bowels were trying to push zach out. The two of them built a delicious rhythm inside of me so that the both thrust into me at the same time before withdrawing simultaneously, alternately filling me and leaving me gaping. With Scott's fingers on my clit and Zach tweaking my sensitive nipples I came twice more before I felt the cock in my ass jerk and Zach spilled himself inside me, Scott soon followed and I could feel their cum spilling out and mixing with my own. They both pulled out and left me on the bed, my skin flushed and sweaty, my nipples and breasts bearing bite marks. My ass and pussy gaping open and slowly leaking the guys white cum onto my red sheets. Zach picked up his camera again and snapped more pictures, these completely extreme and yet arousing at the same time. I groaned when I felt Scott lick up my slit, tasting mine, his and Zach's cum. Zach still took photos of us until I came again, adding more moisture to the sheets and drenching Scott's tongue. 

Finally and hour later, after every one of my holes had been used by both men they helped me into a robe before gathering their things, I walked them to the door and paused to kiss them both on the lips. A first that evening. 

"I had fun." I grinned. 

"Us too." They said in unison. 

"If I ever need any more help I know who to come to." Zach added with a wicked grin. 

"I hope you get an A." I said as they stepped out. "And I want copies of the pictures."