 I needed money. My job at the supermarket wasn't paying well enough for me to pay my rent and go out every weekend, my brother Chris living with me was helping but I needed another job. I met a friend for lunch one day in town and confided my money worries to her. 

"I'm telling you, if I don't find another job soon I'm going to have to move back home." And that would really ruin my time with Chris, we had been fucking like rabbits since that day I came home to find him watching porn. We hadn't yet expanded into threesomes but it was some of the best sex I had ever had. 

"Cant you find another job?" She asked me as she took a long drink of smoothie through her straw. Holly was gorgeous, like a walking lingerie model. She was tall with large firm breasts, a tiny waist and an ample behind. Her legs were long and toned and her shining copper hair was always curled and shiny, her blue eyes could be open and laughing or smouldering. We had gone to school together and experimented a little during our last year, she had gone away to college but was back now and this was our first time catching up. 

"I've looked everywhere, no where is hiring." 

"I might know something, if you don't mind a little nudity." She murmured. 

"Mine or someone else's?" 

"Yours." She smiled. "I got this job stripping, it's not in a club though. I work for this agency that sends us to parties, guys birthday parties and bachelor parties... stuff like that. Anyway, it pays well and you get some pretty big tips." 

"Is it safe?" I frowned. 

"Yeah, a guy goes with you and stands outside. All you have to do is shout out and he comes running." 

"How much does it pay?" 

"For my last job I got about a hundred in tips and hundred from the booking, the agency gets a commission of course but I got two hundred from that one job."

"How many jobs do you get a month?" I asked curiously. 

"It depends, your picture goes on the website and men can book you for their event. I get about three, maybe four a month." 

"So you get like eight hundred a month?" I gaped at her. 

"Yeah, so does it sound like something you could do? You're hot so you shouldn't have any trouble getting gigs, and we could totally use you." 

"Ok then, I'd love to do it!" I smiled widely. 

That afternoon Holly took me to her office to meet her bosses, the building itself was a tall glass building in Leeds and as she walked me through the lobby I found myself looking over the people milling about trying to pinpoint which of them were strippers. Holly took me up to the top floor and into a large office at the end of the hall where two people were sitting behind a meeting table, the woman was coldly beautiful with almost white blonde hair and a charcoal grey suit. Then there was the man, a tall, muscled God with thick dark hair and the sexiest brown eyes I've ever seen. 

"Holly, this is the girl you mentioned?" The man asked as he stood and walked around the table, his suit perfectly showcasing his gorgeous body. 

"This is Jamie Dobson, Jamie this is Marcus Hawk." Holly introduced us, Marcus kissed me on both cheeks. 

"A pleasure to meet you Jamie, Holly tells us you're interested in a job here." He smiled at me. 

"Yes, she's told me loads about what it's like and I think I can do it." 

"Well, as with all jobs you'll need to have an interview. Holly, if you could wait outside?" 

"Sure, Jamie I'll be waiting right outside. Good luck," She hugged me before heading out to wait in the hallway. 

"So, Jamie. This is more of an audition, is that ok?" 

"Yeah." I nodded. 

"First if you could dance for us?" He moved to the window and closed all the blinds before turning the CD player in the corner on so that a heavy bass filled the room. I shed my coat and closed my eyes before moving to the beat, I forgot all about Marcus and the other woman as I moved, rolling my hips and running my hands up and down my body. 

"Jamie." Marcus stopped me and I opened my eyes to see him smiling. 

"We just need to see that you don't have any scars or tattoos, if you could..." He gestured to my clothes, I just nodded and unbuttoned my shirt and dropped it to the floor. My denim skirt followed until I was left in my bra and panties. 

"And the rest." He murmured after looking me over for a minute or two, I shed the bra and panties until I was stood there completely naked. He stood and came around the table until he was stood in front of me, he smiled down at me and I barely noticed the woman slipping out of the room. "You are a very beautiful woman, Jamie." he told me, strolling around me. 

"Thank you."

"Do you have a boyfriend?" He ran his fingers along my spine and I shivered in arousal.

"Not really." Chris, Zach and Scott didn't count. Not when I was fucking all three of them. 

"Good." His fingers danced around until the were caressing my stomach, his other hand sneakily coming around to cup my breast.

"Mr. Hawk, is this part of my interview?" I asked, innocently batting my eyelashes as he came around to my front. 

"Call it an extra." He tugged me up against him and covered my mouth with his, his tongue pushing into my mouth and tasting me. I moaned and melted into him, my naked breasts against his shirt and my bare pussy rubbing against his soft trousers, his hands slid down to my ass and kneaded the round globes before lifting me. "You're so fucking hot." He growled against my skin as his mouth moved to my nipple, he sucked me deep into his mouth, his teeth scraping against the taut peak. He stood back to strip off his shirt and suit jacket so I could see his toned, tanned chest. I laid out of the conference table with my arms above my head and my legs spread, he needed to be thorough after all right? He dropped to his knees and buried his face in my pussy, his tongue plunging into my hole as his fingers toyed with my clit. 

"Fuck." I gasped, arching against him, needing to be filled by a thick, hard cock. "Fuck me, now." He jerked upright and fumbled for his wallet, withdrawing a condom he threw his wallet on the table and pushed his slacks down. His cock was thick and long and completely free of hair, I bit my lip and moved down to my knees in front of him. 

"Suck it bitch." He fisted his hands in my hair and guided my mouth to his cock, I took the smooth head in my mouth and sucked hard. Swirling my tongue around the mushroom head before sucking his entire length into my mouth. I'm good at giving head, plenty of practise with Chris, Scott and Zach. I applied these skills to Mr. Hawk and swallowed his entire length so that his head pressed against the back of my throat, second later he began thrusting in and out of my mouth. Face fucking me until my jaw ached. "Stop, I want to be inside you when I cum." He pulled out of my mouth and lifted me up onto the table again, after rolling on the condom he pressed his cock against my dripping wet pussy. He pushed into me with one hard thrust and I moaned aloud as he filled me. We fucked hard and fast, my legs up on his shoulders, my hands gripping the edge of the table and loud moans ripping from my throat until I came. I screamed loudly and scraped my nails along the table as I arched violently, Marcus thrust into me one more time before groaning loudly as he came. His hands gripped my hips and he tossed his head back. 

"So did I get the job?" I asked after we had pulled our clothes back on.

"Hell yes, but there's a bit of work to do before you get any gigs." He told me as he retied his tie. 

"Like what?" 

"Photo-shoots, building your profile page... contracts and legal stuff. Don't worry it won't take too long." 

The photographs they took showed me in several states of undress without giving away the goods, so to speak, and after the legal stuff was taken care of I was sent on my way with the promise that they would call me when something came up. My persona was naughty schoolgirl slut because of my age and innocent look, Marcus expected to get lots of bookings. 

They called me a week later with my first job, a bachelor party in a hotel in the centre of town. I was to show up and rock their worlds on Saturday night. By the time Saturday arrived I was unbearably excited, I had been so horny all week that Chris had barely left my bed and even as I showered and shaved everywhere baby smooth I could feel myself getting turned on by the thought of all those men watching me strip. Once out of the shower I pulled on my tiny white g-string, almost completely sheer especially if I got wet, my white knee high socks with little bows on the back. I pulled on a white lace push up bra that made my large breasts look mouth wateringly good before turning to my costume. A tight white blouse that I tied under my breasts and I left unbuttoned to show of my cleavage and a miniscule plaid skirt that barely covered my g-string clad ass, black patent high heels and pigtails finished off the look. Unfortunately I couldn't walk through town like that so I had to pull on a knee length wool coat for my cab ride to the hotel, I had been given the room number and the grooms name for when I arrived. 

"Greg Thompson?" I asked the tall blonde man that opened the door to me. 

"No, I'm the best man. Bryan." He smiled at me. 

"Well I'm here to see the groom to be." I fluttered my eyelashes at him and eased my coat open a little to give him a flash of tit. 

"Come on in." He held the door open and I walked into a room filled with about ten men with only man sat on a chair in the centre of the room, he too was blonde but a little less built than Bryan my door buddy. 

"Ahh man! Tell me you didn't get me a stripper." The man in the chair grinned. 

"Hell yeah we did, I'm not letting my best mate go into marriage without a glance of what he'll be missing." Bryan laughed, I took this as my cue and strolled over to Greg. 

"I heard you have a thing for schoolgirls." I whispered in his ear, keeping my coat tight around me. 

"Uh-huh." He nodded. 

"Well then this is your lucky night." I stepped back and dropped the coat, cheers went up around me as they lustfully looked over my body in the short tight outfit. From somewhere behind me music started playing, a slow, sensual beat and I began moving to it in front of Greg. I lost myself in the music as I had in Marcus's office as I moved my hips and undulated my body to the beat, I felt the men's eyes on me as I untied the shirt and let it fall to the floor. My skirt followed soon after and I could feel the men growing excited around, as soon as my breasts were freed the noise level rose. 

"God you're gorgeous." Greg groaned as I moved closer to him, allowing my full breasts to almost brush against his lips. 

"Want to taste?" I whispered, maybe this was going farther than allowed by the company but I was so turned on I couldn't help it. 

"Hell yes." He breathed, I moved so my nipple brushed his mouth and he immediately opened so he could suck me deep into his mouth. 

"Ohh." I moaned as his tongue flicked over my erect nipple. I felt a pair of hands sliding down my back towards my exposed ass, I didn't know who they belonged to but they felt good as they cupped and squeezed my ass cheeks. Greg was now sucking hungrily on both nipples, his hands rising to play with my neglected nipple and knead my breasts. By now my pussy was dripping wet and all I craved was a hard cock inside me. 

"Do you want to fuck me?" I asked Greg, bluntness always being my forte. 

"What-?" 

"Do you want to fuck me? Do you want me to suck your cock, bury your long hard cock deep in my pussy?" 

"Could I?" He asked hesitantly. 

"Oh honey, any hole you want."

"I thought you were a stripper?"

"I am, but I'm a horny stripper." 

"Honey, with kind of offer I'm sure we'd all like a go." Bryan chuckled behind me, I turned and smiled over my shoulder at him. 

"Oh honey, I'd need a big tip for that. But Greg here deserves a good sending off." I knelt on the floor in front of him, aware of the other men whispering to each other behind me, when I pulled Greg's cock out of his pants I was pleasantly surprised by the size of him. He had to be a nice eight inches and thick too, I teased the head with my tongue before sucking as much of his length into my mouth as possible. I had a lot of practise giving blow jobs with Scott, Zach and Chris and I could tell Greg was enjoying it as I relaxed my throat and swallowed his cock. 

"Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum!" He groaned as I sucked up and down his now slick cock, I held his cock at my open mouth and worked the shaft with my fist so he could see his milky white cum shoot down my throat. 

"Mmm." I moaned as I swallowed his load before cleaning his cock with my tongue, when I stood and turned I saw the rest of the party stood waiting for me. "Hey sugar." I smiled at Bryan as he stepped up to me. 

"Would six hundred pounds convince you to stay a little longer?" He whispered as he began toying with my nipples, even though Greg had cum I hadn't so I was crazy turned on. 

"Six hundred could convince me to do a whole lot of things." I cupped him through his jeans and he smiled. "You first though sugar." 

"Go lie on the table." He nodded to the long table at the back of the room and I sashayed over to hop up onto the hard surface, Bryan came over first with the rest of them following at a slower pace. When he reached me he urged me to lie out on my back before sliding his hands all over my young tight body. "Lets have a look at that pussy of yours." He murmured before easing my panties down my legs, two of his friends gripped my legs and spread them wide so my smooth hairless pussy was completely exposed. 

"You really are horny." One of the men said as they stared at my dripping pussy, before long there would be a puddle of my juices on the table. 

"Fuck me. I want your cock inside me." I moaned to Bryan, as he fumbled with his belt Greg reached forward and thrust two fingers inside my pussy. I moaned and arched into the touch as he roughly finger fucked me, with my eyes closed I felt Greg's fingers withdraw only to be replaced by the head of a very thick cock. I looked down to see Bryan pressing his monster cock against my pussy, he thrust inside me with one hard shove and suddenly I was filled with his throbbing cock. 

"Shit she's tight" He groaned. 

"I bet her ass is tighter." Another of the men murmured, staring lustfully at where Bryans cock pumped in and out of my pussy. 

"Lets try it." Bryan pulled out and flipped me over onto my front. By this point I was so turned on I would have let them do anything to me. "Get me something to slick her up, will you?" a moment later I felt something thick and warm being rubbed against my asshole.

"Oh God, what is that?" I moaned as I felt fingers spreading my asshole so Bryan could force the liquid inside of me. 

"Honey, we didn't have any lube. I think that's enough." Suddenly I felt his cock pressing against me, now we all know I'm no stranger to being fucked in the ass but I'm still a tight squeeze. As Bryan found out as he forced the head past my opening. 

"Fuck me. Just fucking do me." I groaned, Bryan suddenly plunged his entire dick into my ass, filling me to bursting. 

"Shit, shit, this bitch is so fucking tight." He moaned as he pumped his hips into me. 

"I want some of that tight pussy" Someone growled and the next thing I knew I had been moved so that I was straddling Greg with his cock deep in my pussy while Bryan fucked my ass. They built such a good rhythm that it wasn't long before my pussy clamped down hard and began spasming around Greg's cock as I came, I let out a loud yell as my body was wracked with pleasure. 

"Fuck. Someone fill her mouth or she'll wake up the whole hotel." Someone followed Bryans order and slapped their cock against my full lips, I opened for them and the next thing I knew I had a cock fucking in and out of my mouth. I wasn't even doing anything. After about ten minutes of this I felt Bryans movements speed up, signalling his orgasm. 

"Cum in me, fill me with your fucking cum." I urged him as I bounced on the two cocks filling me before filling my mouth with cock again. 

"Oh shit, yeah." He groaned seconds before his cock began filling my ass with his cum. "You are one hot fucking stripper." He slapped my ass before pulling out and going to collapse on the sofa, a moment later another man took his place and slid into my cum filled asshole. Greg's thrusts suddenly became more violent, sending my tits bouncing as he filled my pussy with cum. This apparently set off the guy fucking my mouth because a second later his cum was pouring down my throat, the guy in my ass dumped his load not long after and pulled out of me. After that every guy in the room fucked me in at least two holes and then either filled me with cum or sprayed my body with the thick creamy liquid,. By the time they finished I was exhausted, cum was leaking out of my pussy and ass and dripping from my face, tits and hair. I had come more times than I could count and my body was tingling with pleasure. After going to the bathroom to clean up as best I could I dressed in my outfit but couldn't find my panties, when I went back out everyone but Bryan had left. 

"Hey, I can't find my panties." I frowned. 

"These?" He held up my panties and brought them to his face. "A memento. Do you mind?"

"No, I hope you use them to get off. And think of me." I winked and pulled my coat on, when I reached Bryan he handed me a massive roll of cash which I slipped into my pocket. 

"Next time I need a stripper, I'm definitely calling you." He bent and kissed me before walking out. 

When I got home Chris was sat watching TV, not porn unfortunately, but he did look up as I walked in and dumped my coat by the door. 

"Wow, is it my birthday?" He smiled as my slutty outfit. 

"No, I just did my first stripping gig." I dropped down next to him and stole his beer to take a long drink. 

"Stripping gig? How'd it go?" That was one of the great things about Chris, he didn't get jealous. He could handle me talking about Scott and Zach and not bat an eyelid. 

"Awesome. I got my first gangbang." I grinned. 

"Gangbang? How did that happen?" He turned the TV off and turned to look at me. 

"Well, I was giving this guy a lap dance in my panties and he started licking my breasts. I was so turned on I offered him a blow job and then his friends offered me six hundred pounds to stay a little longer. I swear, I must have had a cock in every hole at least twice, it was amazing."

"Sounds it." he looked me over.

"How many men were there?" He ran his knuckles along the front of my chest, grazing my erect nipples. 

"Ten maybe? Why?" I had no idea how I could still be turned on but I could feel my excitement rising. 

"Did they all cum in you?" 

"Yes." 

"Where?" His hands were on my thighs now. 

"My pussy, my asshole, mouth and even all over me." 

"Show me." He smiled. "Stand up and strip." I followed his order and pulled my clothes off, putting a little show into it for him, he looked me over and paused at the juncture of my thighs. "Where are your panties?" 

"One of the guys kept them, said he was going to jerk off with them."

"You love that don't you? Love the idea of him blowing his load thinking of you."

"Does it bother you?"

"No. I think it's hot. Go lie on my bed, I'll be there in a minute." He ordered me, hiding a smile I strutted through to his room and lay spread eagle on his bed. He came in a moment later with one of my vibrators, my biggest one. "Did they fuck you at the same time?" 

"Yes. Once or twice I had three cocks in me while a fourth jerked off on my breasts." 

"It's a good thing I brought this then isn't it? I can fuck your ass and your pussy won't feel empty." He stripped off and came to kneel between my legs, he had me wrap my lips around the vibrator and suck before he rubbed it over my pussy lips. I was so wet from a mixture of my own arousal and the cum of the men from earlier, it was leaking out of my pussy and ass in a slow trickle and my thighs were coated in it. "I don't even have to bother getting you ready, all this cum should see to that." he plunged the vibe into me and turned it on, the steady vibration and full feeling making me arch and squirm on the bed. 
