 Jamie’s Pool Party Ch.02
Afternoon delight 
Written by Lillian de Jong

All characters are eighteen or older





Sitting in the window of her dormroom on Campus Jamie saw the June sunlight dancing dreamily on the beautifully manicured lawn as the soft breeze played with the grassblades. She had just come back from her Political Sciences class and was now painting her toenails. Sonja, her best friend and roommate, wasn’t back yet seeing as she had to train for the swimteam. Jamie had been fantasizing about Sonja from the moment they’d met. Sonja was a tall, green eyed goddess with shoulder length red hair and milky white skin. But her lips were, in Jamie’s opinion, the most beautiful feature on display for everyone to see. They were simply put a divine creation. In Jamie’s humble opinion ofcourse. The thought of them made Jamie’s entire body tingle with anticipation and desire. A strange combination of both really, she corrected herself.
She dreamed regularly about Sonja. About kissing her, sucking her pussy and basically all forms of sex she could imagine. She wanted her. And before the year was over, which was about twelve weeks from now, she would have her.
She had planned to seduce her earlier in the year but then Sonja had gotten involved with a guy, Daniel, a gorgeous one and Jamie herself had had several guys over the year but none really worked out. Not that she was really trying very hard to keep them seeing as they’d all turned out to be pretty inexperienced or just plain crap in bed.
She longed for a person who would be able to quench the desire she’d felt towards her brother for the last six years. She had felt ashamed of those feelings for as long as she could remember having them. Her big brother was twenty five and simply gorgeous. Blond hair, brown eyes that could see into your soul, beautiful and tanned skin and a body to die for. Muscular yet not too much so, long powerful legs and washboard abs. Jamie felt a shiver run through her body that reached from the back of her neck to her pussy, making it instantly wet again. This happened every time she thought of her brother. Seeing him over Easter had been almost too much for her to bare.
As she sat infront of the window she felt her pussy start to ache to be touched. Putting the nail polish down, she reached for her groin. Her panties were already soaked through.
  “Oh dammit,” she whispered, angry at herself once again.
She started to stroke her pussy through the fabric and felt her body respond. The wonderous touch sent waves of pleasure through her lithe body. With her other hand she squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples. Her breathing started to become erratic again. The strange lightness started to fill her head again and she knew she would cum soon.
Just as she reached into her panties, the dormroom opened and Sonja walked in. She checked at the treshhold, looking shocked at the scene she’d walked into.
  “Oh sorry, I can come back later,” she said in an embarressed tone of voice.
  “No!” Jamie said abrubtly, not taking her hand off her pussy.
Sonja looked uncertain for a moment and then a questioning look and a slightly quirky smile appeared on her face.
  “Have you been thinking about your brother again?” she said, as she walked further into the room after closing the door behind her.
Now it was Jamie’s turn to look shocked.
  “How did you...?” she started and then she remembered that she’d left her diary open on the bed a several times over the last year, “Yes I have”. The feeling of shame was back yet the feeling of her hand on her clit was overpowering that shame.
Sonja smiled knowingly.
  “Have you ever done anything about that feeling yet?” Sonja asked as she sat down next to Jamie, placing a hand on her outstretched leg. Jamie felt a rush at the touch and she knew she could cum within a few seconds. Her face felt hot and her body gave another pleasurable squirm.
  “No I haven’t,” she said softly, enjoying the touch of her gorgeous roommate.
  “You could you know,” Sonja said smiling, “I have”.
Jamie looked even more shocked at that, she also felt a twinge of jealousy.
  “You’ve fucked Miro?” she blurted.
Sonja shook her head and closed the window.
  “No, I’ve fucked Nathan,” she said simply, without a hint of a blush.
  “You fucked your brother?” Jamie said now keeping her voice down too.
  “Yes and it’s wonderful. Nathan took my virginity when I was fifteen. I had to work hard for it too. He was very reluctant to start. It took me weeks to seduce him. But it was more than worth it. You’ve seen him. Gorgeous long black hair, blue eyes wonderful body. He knows how to pleasure a girl, I’ll tell you that. And his long thick cock is so wonderful and his cum tastes like bananas with salt,” Sonja smiled, her eyes glittering as she thought back to that wonderful body of his.
Jamie felt the orgasm build in her body and with the force of an explosion it came. Her body shook and her pussy convulsed and she forgot for a moment where she was and who she was with. Sweat dripped down her back and she felt wonderful.
  “Good?” Sonja’s voice asked bringing Jamie back to her dormroom.
A satisfied smile appeared on her face as she nodded, “Very”.
  “Could you teach me how to seduce my brother?” Jamie asked as she took her cum soaked hand out of her panties.
  “I can and will help you but first Mmmh give me some,” Sonja said and took Jamie by the wrist. Slowly, almost lovingly Sonja sucked Jamie’s fingers into her wonderful mouth. Jamie felt another shiver run through her body as one of her fantasies became a reality without any work whatsoever.
  “Did you read my entire diary?” she breathed, as Sonja licked the last of her cum off her fingers.
For an answer, Sonja cupped her face and kissed her tenderly on the lips. Jamie released her pussy and slid her hands around Sonja’s head and back. Opening her mouth she found Sonja’s tongue already waiting to enter her own. It was the most sensual thing Jamie had ever done to date. It was soft and tender and not at all like kissing a guy. This was so much better.

                                        ***

Kissing Jamie infront of the window for the entire campus to see was something Sonja had been planning ever since she’d found the diary open on the bed. In the diary the most wonderful fantasies were described in such intricate detail that it had made Sonja so incredibly horny that she’d called her brother to see if he would come over and fuck her. Unfortunately Nathan had been indisposed due to the fact that he had his thesis to finish. He’d apologised and promised he would make it up to her over the holidays but his studying came first. Besides he now had a girlfriend, Julie. The bitch. Sonja had been so angry with the both of them that she’d smashed her cell phone.
She had then gone out and hooked up with the first goodlooking guy she could find. Daniel was her first choice and fortunately he’d just broken up with his girlfriend that very same afternoon. He turned out to be rather good in bed and they’d been screwing ever since. Until yesterday afternoon when Kylie, Daniel’s girlfriend, had called him to say that she wanted him back. He’d explained and apologised but Sonja had understood. She didn’t love him afterall and he wasn’t that good in bed.
The swimteam had been an excuse for a while now. She had no desire anymore to swim on the team. It always made her too horny to be in the showers with the girls after practice that she’d decided to quit since none of the other girls was single or bi curious. She’d checked. Jamie was her best friend and Sonja knew how she felt about her but timing was everything ofcourse. If she rushed it it could turn out to be a fling. Sonja wasn’t interested in a fling with Jamie, she wanted a lover and a friend for the next three years.
  “I want you,” Jamie breathed between kisses.
Sonja broke the kiss first and let her fingers flow through Jamie’s hair along the contours of her face. Jamie’s sparkling green eyes looked back at her with a gaze that said nothing so much as, why did you stop kissing me. Tracing a finger down her ear onto her jaw and ending with her chin, Sonja continued to watch those sparkling green eyes with wonderment. The skin she felt beneath her fingers was smooth, soft, warm and smelled of roses and shampoo.
  “I want you too,” she whispered as she cupped Jamie’s chin in her hand and kissed her again, more tenderly this time. Closing her eyes she felt the world vanish and only the soft lips on hers remained.

                                        ***

So it continued for several weeks. Jamie and Sonja began to explore eachother and their own expanding sexuality. They moved their beds together and slept either intertwined and slept not so much at all from that moment on. It soon became common knowledge that they were more than just roommates and while they were teased for the first two weeks. After they admitted it it however it seemed to become somewhat less fun for the people and they quickly moved on to someone else. Sonja quit the swimteam after that first horrid week of teasing and insults and spent a lot of time thereafter with Jamie and her friends, all of whom were delighted that Jamie had finally given in to her desires. From that moment on they kissed every time they came into contact or entered the room. Most nights they would go out with Jamie’s and now their friends to clubs and bars. Some nights however they would just sit in the window kissing like that first time. Every once in a while someone would look up from the campus grounds below and see the two girls sitting there. Whenever this happened they would giggle, sigh, smile and move on again about their business. All except one. Daniel Thomason. As he gazed up at the window he felt a stab of jealousy and then felt like an extreme idiot for having broken off his relationship with Sonja and returned to Kylie. Fortunately for him Kylie was standing next to him and saw what was going on in his mind and they returned to their own dorm where Kylie called up her friend for whom she’d dumped Daniel in the first place and now found that the two were not mutually exclusive. Kylie had indeed found a girlfriend called Jane who was always ranting about how she could’ve fucked the football team and would be all too happy to join them.
This last bit all happened unbeknownst to either Jamie or Sonja. The first thing they noticed that particular evening was the telephone ringing. Not that they answered it straight away, they were far too busy kissing and groaping at eachothers bodies. After thirty seconds however the phone became more an annoying distraction and they decided to answer it.
  “Yeah what!” Jamie said somewhat more aggressively than she’d intended.
  “I didn’t teach you to do that when answering the phone now did I?!” a familiar voice on the other side said snappishly and highly disapproving.
  “Oooh sorry dad I was just busy with something and I didn’t feel like answering,” Jamie said reighning in her impatience at once.
  “Mmmh schoolwork I should hope. But never mind that now, I have called to inform you that your mother and I will be away when you get home from school over the summer next week,” said George White with a slight touch of sorrow in his voice.
  “Awh dad! I thought you and mum would be there to pick me up. Where are you going?” Jamie asked sounding more put off than anything. She’d been quite excited to be seeing her parents again for the first time since Easter.
  “Well to be perfectly honest we’ll be going on a two week trip round Europe and then we’ll be rounding the whole thing off with a week in Hawaii. I’ve always loved Europe and well you know your mother has always been a sucker for Hawaii. We leave tomorrow so we’ll be home about a week, or perhaps two if we are really having fun, after you get home,” George White said rather jovially now that he’d gotten the idea of Europe into his head.
  “Daddy? Can I have a party when you’re gone?” Jamie asked eagerly as Sonja started to rub her left thigh teasingly.
  “Yes ofcourse you can but no boys, alright young lady?” George said.
  “I’m okay with that,” Jamie sighed as Sonja reached her groin and started stroaking her pussy through her panties.
  “Oh and Miro will be there to keep an eye on things. You two behave okay? Now princess I have to go and get the tickets and your mother will call you tomorrow. Bye princess and I hope you did well on your exams, let us know the results as soon as you have them. I’ll be reachable on my cell,” George said, made a smacking kiss sound and hung up the phone just as Jamie felt Sonja’s hand reach up to take off her panties.
The moment she put down the phone she looked at Sonja in between her legs.
  “My mom and dad will be gone the first two weeks of summer. Miro will be there though. Your parents aren’t going to be home either now are they?” Jamie asked eagerly as she slipped out of her panties.
  “Nope they’ll be in Hawaii or something like that,” Sonja said brushing her fingers along Jamie’s wet pussy.
  “You can come stay with me and together we’ll seduce my brother,” Jamie smiled evilly.
  “Okay now lie back or I’ll bite you!” Sonja smiled and buried her head in between Jamie’s legs. Her tongue had just touched Jamie’s pussy when she had a rather pleasant thought.
  “We could seduce your brother much easier if we made this a pool party for girls we already know swing both ways and live nearby. I know Lillian and Claudia would come not to mention Latisha and Jane. We’ll have to think about them some more. But I want to fuck Miro first. I’ve had a thing for him for ages you know that,” Sonja said grinning at the look of lust on Jamie’s face.
  “You can have Miro before me when hell freezes over but then again I always thought that the moment I did eventually fuck Miro hell would freeze over anyway,” Jamie said, sliding her wet pussy towards Sonja’s mouth a little more so that Sonja’s lips were touching it again.
  “I want to try something on you later. I bought it yesterday when I was in town in that new shop over on Westwood,” Jamie sighed as Sonja started licking and fingering her pussy with those wonderfully soft fingers and that awesome tongue.
Sonja didn’t respond, she’d already found out what Jamie had bought, having found it in the bathroom when Jamie was busy making lunch. A large strap-on dildo. Sonja had looked at it with amazement and then became intrigued with the size of the thing again. It looked so lifelike yet it was preposterously large, of that much she was sure. It was at least a foot long and about  three and a half inches in diameter. It also came with an extra hole for a thinner, more flexible anal dildo, which was something she hadn’t tried before. Sure a finger or two but she’d never actually been fucked anally. She felt she was quite intrigued by the idea.
  “You want to do me first or you want me to do you first,” Sonja said.
Jamie opened her eyes and smiled.
  “You I want to fuck first,” she groaned as Sonja licked her clit and sucked on it a little. She’d been carefully avoiding doing so for the last fifteen minutes but now it seemed like Jamie was more than ready to cum. Her little body started bucking into her mouth and her fingers were trying desparately to push her head deeper into her pussy.
Sonja could definitely feel and taste Jamie’s juices begin to flow as Jamie started moaning and making inconprehensible words and deep guttural groans of what she’d at first thought was pain. It certainly looked as though Jamie was in pain from the look on her face but then with an almighty shudder and much bucking of her hips Jamie came with a loud screech and a positive flood of pussy juice that instantly soaked the bed sheets through.
After Jamie’s panting subsided Sonja gave her clit a little kiss and got up off the bed. She walked to the bathroom and got the bag that held the strapon out and carried it back into the room.
  “What’s that?” Jamie asked, a playful smile still on her face.
Sonja grinned and didn’t respond.
  “Now you want me to strap you in or do you want to do it yourself?” Sonja said, placing the bag on the bed next to Jamie.
Jamie’s playful smile however had turned into curiousity. She looked in the bag and her eyes went wide.
  “Where did you get that?” she asked in an amazed voice, her eyes the size of dinner plates.
  “Ha ha!” Sonja said sarcastically.
  “What is that?” Jamie said, now positively anxious.
This didn’t add up for Sonja.
  “What do you mean, where did I get that? You bought it on Westwood, you just told me so!” she said slightly concerned for Jamie’s wellbeing.
  “I didn’t buy that! I bought this!” Jamie said, and she leapt off the bed, stumbled since her legs were still a bit wobbly, and seized a small bag. She reached inside and pulled out a small silver coloured JVC handheld digital videocamera.
Sonja just stared at her.
  “I thought it would be kinda exciting to tape ourselves, we talked about it a couple of weeks ago remember?” Jamie said uncertainly as she set the camera on the desk and pressed record.
Sonja remembered but couldn’t speak.
  “Then who’s is this?” she said, really starting to panic now.
Jamie shrugged, thought for a moment as to who’d been in their dormroom over the last week and shrugged again.
  “Dunno”.
At that precise moment the telephone rang again.
  “Jamie!” she said as she answered the phone.
  “Could I speak to Sonja please,” a familiar voice said.
Jamie held out the phone to Sonja and pulled herself onto the bed again, starting to examine both the dildo’s and the bag to see if there was a receipt or a note or anything that could tell her who it belonged to.
  “This is Sonja,” she said, gazing at Jamie’s look of pleasure as she examined every inch of the dildo’s.
  “I was on campus a few days ago but you weren’t there so I was going to leave you a note. When I was in your dormroom I found something naughty and so very interesting that it gave me a boner the likes of which only you can give me. A diary. Now listen little sister, I wanted to apologize for blowing you off a few weeks back so I bought you a present in that new sex shop on Westwood. I left it in the bathroom cabinet,” Nathan said, sounding hushed and entirely sneaky.
  “I know I found it I thought Jamie bought it,” Sonja said, feeling sorry that she’d said so and at the same time slightly miffed that she’d missed her brother when he was here.
  “Well well well so it wasn’t just a fantasy you’d had. The two of you have been giving the term dormmates new meaning. I’m happy for you sista. I just hope you won’t forget about me. Well I’ve got to go and pick up Jules in a bit so I hope you two enjoy it and we’ll have to discuss a threesome some time over the holidays,” Nathan said chuckling.
  “Yes we have, No I won’t, Yes we will and yes we will big brother. See you next weekend,” Sonja said and with a final kissing sound Nate hing up the phone.
  “Nate bought us this, he found your diary when he was here last week,” Sonja said hanging up the phone and turning to Jamie.
  “I’ve really got to start hiding that thing now don’t I,” Jamie said, already having strapped herself into the belted harnass and the foot long dildo bouncing merrily infront of her vulva.
Sonja stood there mezmerized.
  “Not on my account. Your leaving your diary out brought us together, showed me who my friends really were and brought us this wonderful piece of equipment,” she said smiling nervously as she touched the surprisingly warm faux fallus.
  “You want to lick it and wetten it first or should I just use this?” Jamie said, holding up a bottle marked, AquaLube, for all your anal pleasures.
  “No I’ll do it. Get on the bed and lie on your back,” she instructed Jamie. Jamie did so eagerly.
Sonja then crawled in between Jamie’s legs and started to lick and moisten the enormous dildo with her saliva. While she did this she continued to toy with Jamie’s pussy through the straps.
