 I was looking forward to meeting my friend Julie for one of our all too infrequent sessions. Unexpectedly she phoned me at work. We neither of us go in for much texting or calls: life's complicated enough already! At first I thought she was going to cancel. We both have busy lives; I'm 60 now and she is in her mid-40s. She has a great figure to get hold of and a nice big shapely pair of tits to play with. But her cunt is amazing! It's always sweet and juicy and she has the most wonderful set of really long inner labia I've ever known. I could happily suck them all night! I like to hold them in my mouth and let them relax and extend and engorge. I like to feel them on my tongue and on the roof of my mouth as they gradually stretch out longer and longer. Eventually they grow to tickle the back of my throat as I rub my tongue all along their thin and fragile length and I dream I'm in heaven. 

And of course once they've loosened up and I can drag myself away from sucking them, I love to fuck her. The long strands of the two labia get sucked into her sex as I plunge into her, but as I pull out they hug the sides of my cock and it looks out of this world. As you can imagine I think about that sight often!

Anyway, thankfully, she wasn't calling to cancel. She wanted to check it was ok to bring a friend to join us. "I know how much you like tits, I'm sure you'll enjoy her! Would you mind?" 

"Is the pope a catholic?" I say, and a plan is agreed. 

The rest of the afternoon was full of thoughts and memories. We always meet as soon as we can after work because we have to meet mid-week and be able to get up in time for work the next day. 

I was so excited I felt sure I wouldn't need my Viagra, but as always I thought it would be better safe than sorry. In fact I'd only just taken it and showered when the doorbell rang. 

Julie looked radiant as I opened the door. She flung her arms around me and kissed me.

'Hi Terry, this is Angie.'

'Hi Angie, nice to meet you,' I said, admiring in an instant her long legs, the tiny skirt that barely covered her bum, her tits which had obviously been squeezed into a pretty black bra clearly visible under a simple white top, unbuttoned just far enough to make you want more. She had a big smile on her face and short cropped hair.

Taking her lead from Julie, she too flung her arms around me and as she reached up, the skirt rose up and I put my hand straight onto her bare bum cheek.

'Hello Terry. Julie was right! You don't waste any time!'

And so the tone was set for our night together.

Over the course of the night I found out lots about Angie as we stopped for rests and snacks, and yes a bottle or two of wine. She was in her mid-30s, married to a guy who works away, her friend was looking after her children for the night. She had recently returned to work again after a break for the children and was working with Julie. Julie had often noticed how sexy she looked and eventually said as much when they happened upon each other in the ladies. Angie had immediately responded by saying how horny she felt, and it wasn't long before they were exchanging stories about their experiences.

When Julie said how much I worshipped her cunt and sucked her labia, Angie had let out a great sigh and said how much she needed someone to worship her tits and suck them right now. Of course Julie knew that I could be relied on to do just that and Angie had demanded to see me. So it was that this joint encounter was planned, but Julie hadn't wanted to tell me in case anything went wrong. 

As soon as we were inside the flat, Julie immediately took off her own shirt, then mine, then Angie's, kissing each of us deeply and pressing her tits, still contained by her bra, against first me then Angie. I then reached out again to find and stroke Angie's bum and this time I stroked both cheeks and pulled at her thong. I lifted her tiny skirt and massaged those cheeks. Angie in turn took off Julie's tights and panties, but left on her skirt. We stood together for some time, groping, kissing and handling each other. There was much laughter and delight, and I could see that we were going to get along famously.

When Julie took off Angie's bra she sighed as her tits flung out and were liberated from their cage. I gasped as I saw her wonderful boobs for the first time. The laughter was replaced by stunned silence as I took in the sight. They were quite simply the most amazing tits I had ever seen. 

Of course I wanted to take hold of them in my hands, but instead I just looked at them in awe. I looked at them then into Angie's eyes for what seemed like an eternity. Then I took her into my arms and kissed her. The tits were a kind of presence between us. I could feel them pressing upon my chest and stomach, and making themselves at home. My cock was growing at the feel of them, until it nestled just between them at their base. I knew that if I had been a younger man I could have come just there like that! 

At last I pulled her away and looked at her again in silence. 

'You like?' she asked unnecessarily.

I reached out and took them into my hands and sighed again. I just held them, allowing the weight and feel of them to sink in. I knew that I wanted to hold these tits for ever! I lifted them gently from where they fell on her chest and now I was stunned at how far they came out. I looked her straight in the eye again and gently kissed each breast with reverence.

'I like! I most definitely like.'

There is something very special about being surprised in sex. Here I am at 60, I've seen hundreds of pairs of tits, but I've never seen tits like these. I love tits of every shape and size but had never seen a pair like these. How can I possibly describe them? Well for one thing they were big. Very big! But they were not big like balloons or globes. And they were not so wide that they merged into one another or were inseparable. No, they were long, as I held them in my hands they came out 7 or 8 inches from her chest, each one distinct, and with a great chasm between them. And a couple of inches separated them all the way down. I was able to hold each one in a hand, but I certainly couldn't reach my hands all the way round them. They were full and firm without saggy bulbous ends (I speak as one who adores big saggy tits - I mean them no disrespect!)

'That's good. Not everyone likes them.'

'Anyone who doesn't like them is just a wanker.'

'My husband calls them his beer cans.'

I thought he must be a wanker, too, leaving these fantastic tits unsatisfied and uncherished. But his description was surprisingly apt. Her tits stood out from her chest like two big pint sized beer cans, planted on her chest about 2 inches apart. They felt a similar shape to a beer can in my hands. Not cold or metallic or angular, of course, but firm and round, straight and long. They were the same diameter all the way along, ending in huge brown circles and big solid nipples.

'He should give them more attention,' I said.

As I held each breast out the big nipples looked straight ahead like eyes. When I laid them back to rest the nipples pulled out as the long tits reached down to her stomach. The wonderful cavernous space between the two tits called out to me. I wanted to get into that space and lose myself there.

'They need a bit of serious loving,' I moaned.

I gently rested my face upon the tits. I kissed them carefully again and caressed them. I rubbed them over my face and marvelled at their softness. And at last I began to fondle them. They were malleable and soft to touch. I squeezed and rubbed them together as much as I could, then separated them out as far as they would go. Whichever way I squeezed or squashed them, they sprang back to their astonishing shape on release. They went this way and that as I tested them out. And then I lost myself. Taking hold of one in both my hands, kneading it, mauling it, manipulating it, sucking, licking and biting it, pulling it this way and that. I pushed my face right into it, forced the nipple into my eye and ear and nose and mouth. And then I was beside myself with sucking the nipple, holding it firmly between my lips, biting it and pulling it with my teeth, then slurping at it with my tongue. Like a man possessed I still held the tit in my two hands and kept the nipple in my mouth as I dragged at it, pulling it this way and that. I was snorting and huffing and slurping loudly as I sucked on it. Until at last I came to rest like a baby content on her breast. 

But not for long as the second tit cried out for the same attention, and every part of me needed to give it the same treatment. Again I held it, tugged at it, mauled and manipulated it every which way I could, before I sucked noisily and filled my mouth with it and finally nestled contentedly. We were quiet and still again as she rested her hand on my contented head.