 Jamie, Yvonne, Sarah, and David, Ch. 02

Erotic outtakes from another story. New hope?

Michael142

From Chapter 01:

I looked at my ex-wife (soon to be, anyway) as she stood. We looked at each other for several seconds, then she slowly approached me to put her arms around me. I pushed her back, but relented just enough to let her cry on my shoulder, and I allowed her a platonic pat or two on the back, as she shook from her sobbing.

I have lost all feelings for Sarah!

She was nothing to me now!

Chapter 02:

"Jamie, I am so sorry! I'm so sorry!" she said it like she meant it. I said nothing. Just released my hold on her, turned and continued with my work.

Then she wanted me to take her to bed, and hold her for a little while, But I said no! Still crying, she turned to slowly trudge up to the bedroom alone, and I eventually settled on the couch. Sherri joined her for a while trying to console her, and then went home. Sarah came down in the morning and asked me to join her before Kim brought the children home. I did, but stayed over on my side.

~ ~ ~

I called Yvonne and made a date with her for tonight. Sarah was not happy with that, but her desire to be with David again, had over-ridded all her decision-making where I am concerned. In other words; I didn't give a shit!

I took Yvonne out to dinner, at a very nice restaurant, since I wanted to do something special for this very sweet, and very pretty woman. I told her in detail, what Sarah and I talked about, and what we decided to do.

"Jamie, your marriage is so over; you do know that don't you?"

"Yes, Sarah has very efficiently ended that! But what am I going to do? I would prefer to know, rather and have her sneaking around."

"Jamie, I would be anything you want me to be for you, because I have come to care for you deeply. But I don't want to be anyone's rebound, I have a better self-image than that, and I do have options with other men!" She lowered her pretty brown eyes, then raised them slowly and said in a soft voice,

"Jamie, I would be good for you; you know that!"

"Yvonne, you are the sweetest women I know. I am sure my marriage is toast, and you would be an excellent choice for anyone to be with. You are intelligent, sweet, caring, and very pretty. But I don't see myself starting over with anyone else. I made my decision when I married Sarah, so that is really it for me if she doesn't stay with me! You have to know where I stand with this!"

We talked for a long time over our fine meal and a good wine, trying to figure out what I should do now. Nothing new, but I have a very pretty ally, and someone who would make herself available for whatever I needed from her; from a shoulder to cry on to ... sex.

"Jamie, I don't suppose we can get together tonight, huh?"

"No, baby! Not tonight!"

I took Yvonne home, kissed her very sweetly goodnight, and returned home early since the children were there with Sarah. I came in, and Sarah was dressed in a very pretty dress and made up nicely. She looked amazing, and I felt compelled to slide my arms around her. She smelled so nice. She whispered to me,

"I wanted to look nice for you Jamie! I still love you, you know, and probably always will!" Then she looked up at me and said,

"I thought over everything we said, and you are right. I couldn't believe how cruel and clueless I was! I um, might want to take some of that back. Please don't shut me out darling, can't we talk about this some more?"

She kissed me as I still held her off a little, and eight-year-old Claire giggled, but three-year-old Todd just covered his eyes like he does. We laughed at the antics of our children, and I asked them if they wanted to see Auntie Sherri, and they both squealed with delight.

I called my pretty neighbor, and asked her if she would watch the kids for a while, that I wanted to take Sarah out. I decided that as much as I hated what she was doing, I really didn't hate her. And I wanted to show her that I am worth reconsidering.

Sarah had a confused look on her face after my call to Sherri, so I said,

"You look so lovely tonight I want to take you out and show you off. Just you and me. Might be our last time! But this one is a husband and wife date!"

"Oh, Jamie, I don't deserve you!"

"I know that honey! I know you don't!" I replied evenly.

"Touché!" she said quietly.

I took my pretty wife out to a nice Downtown Jazz club for music, drinks and a light dinner. I like jazz, and this club is more subdued than the usual 'meat markets' we go to. She absolutely sparkled tonight, and was proud to be with her. When she turned her head, and her wavy-curls flounced, caught the light, my heart skipped a beat.

They had a small dance floor; I took her out on it and we had a wonderful time swinging to the music. In between, we just listened to the various artists. The small orchestra, some individual artists, and the small combos were all great. I love jazz, and was making Sarah a fan as well. I felt a little sad, thinking that I was really out tonight with someone else's woman.

Sarah, that pretty girl I fell in love with at first sight years ago in that little pub, now belonged to another man. In her own words, "...he owned my sweet ass!" and, "...he still owns me ... maybe even more than Jamie does!" were still ringing in my ears.

It sounds ridiculous I guess, given her wanting to belong to him, but I was going to try to take back ownership of her!

She smiled at me and said, "Thank you for tonight, darling! This is so perfect, and I feel very pretty being out with you ... dressed like this. You really know how to treat a woman!"

I tried to be brave, and said to her, "I feel proud being out with you Sarah. And you are not only pretty ... you are dazzling! You have always blown me away—even in blue jeans and a sweater. Sarah, you are a stunner!" I decided to keep the self-pitying bullshit to myself tonight and just be out with my wife.

She giggled and said, "Flattery will get you ... (and in a lower voice close to my ear) some pussy!" I laughed, and then so did she. Then with another thought, she asked,

"Jamie, you don't have to tell me if you don't want to, but what did you do this afternoon when you left?"

"I can tell you that! I called Yvonne, and took her out to a restaurant to talk to her. We just talked about the things you and I said. Then I took her home. That's all! Yvonne is a friend!"

"Oh!" She said with a smile.

"Sarah, I only want to concentrate on being out with my very pretty wife tonight, so let's not worry about anything ... or anyone else."

"That sound so nice, honey!" Then she leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Just want you to know that my panties are wet!" I laughed,

"Nice to know that I can still get to you honey!" I said with a wry half-smile.

"Mmm, you can Jamie!"

We went to another club, and then to a great après-theater restaurant, for a midnight bite, over a couple of glasses of wine. Sarah loved having someone to take her out and show her off all dressed up ... we returned home late.

We found Sherri asleep on the couch, and Sarah left to check on the kids, and tuck them in. I approached Sherri, and she was lying on her back with her arms up over her head, exposing the bottom cleavage of her firm breasts under her halter top.

I carefully uncovered her breasts, and kissed each nipple. She was fast asleep, but she moaned when I kissed her breasts. I moved up and kissed her on the lips, and her eyes fluttered opened. She smiled and said in a sleepy-sexy voice,

"Mmm, Jamie, what a wonderful way to wake up!"

"Hello, baby. We're home, but you can stay if you wish. Give Sarah and me an hour or so, and you may join us!"

Sarah was back, and heard my offer to Sherri and said,

"Yes darling, please stay! Make it two hours though!"

She was rubbing her eyes when she noticed that her breasts were uncovered, she pulled her top down, and looked up at me accusingly,

"Jamie, you are incorrigible!!! What are you ... twelve???" Then her frown turned into a giggle as she gripped her breasts with her hands massaging them slightly. Sarah just looked at me and just said, "Jamie!"

I reached down and kissed Sherri goodnight. We turned the light out, Sarah grabbed a light throw, and covered her. Then she kissed Sherri sweetly on the lips and whispered to her,

"Come in later darling!"

I took Sarah into the bedroom, and I slowly undressed her, taking her dress off, and then her bra and panties. I undressed her a little at a time, and kissed each body part as it came into view, until she was naked. I stood back and looked at her, I gulped, genuinely impressed by the vision in front of me,

"My God, Sarah! You are so lovely!"

She was too! She has a shapely petite figure, and nice firm, round breasts with puffy nipples. Her hair is a wavy/curly light brown lightly, and she has light brown eyes that sparkle when she smiles—like she is doing now. She blushed and smiled bashfully, lowered her eyes and then she shuddered slightly as she slowly raised them. She walked over to me and helped me out of my clothes. I laid her on the bed. She put her arms up over her head, and opened her legs.

"Come in with me! I want you Jamie!"

Her callousness and heartbreaking treatment of me earlier evaporated as I beheld her beauty, lying there waiting for me—wanting me. She slid her hands over her body, from breasts to stomach, and down between her legs as she opened them for me. Her smile was enticing! I really wanted Sarah tonight!

She raised her arms over her head as I slid in next to her, kissed her sweetly, gently on the lips. Then I worked my way down her body, I kissed her lovely arm pits, her neck, her breasts sucking each nipple into my lips in turn, then down to her stomach, and finally over her mons and onto her pretty, moist cunt.

She has a very pretty smooth pussy, and I took in the lovely sight of her. Her natural aromas were driving me wild, and could feel her soft moist skin on my lips with her delicious taste on my tongue! I heard her softly moan as she reacted to my touches. I opened her pussy lips with my fingers and tasted her fleshy inside lips. It was like enjoying the sweet nectar of a rare pink flower.

She shuddered when I sucked her clit into my lips, and tickled the tip of it with my tongue. I could hear her breathing heavily as I touched her. I moved down and licked between the bottoms of her buttocks, something I know drives her crazy! And she continued to shudder out of control from my attentions, and she moaned loudly.

"Oh ... my God, ... Jam ... Jamie! That ... feels so ... f-f'ing good, baby!" she moaned breathlessly.

I moved up between her legs, and I felt much harder tonight than I had been for a while, and when I slid into her moist and fleshy warmth, she shook wildly in a violent series of shudders. I kissed her passionately, as I started to stroke it into her.

"Mmm, baby! You feel so good to me! I love being inside you honey!" I whispered as I slid in and out of her supple and responsive little body. I am not as vocal as Sarah is during sex, but try to offer something to the general mood.

She was delirious as she moaned and pushed her pretty ass up to meet my thrusts. She recovered a little from her first orgasm as we made love slowly ... lovingly ... urgently. I could feel her becoming increasingly aroused again as I pulled her buttocks in to get inside her deeper. She was moaning,

"Oh, Jamie! I love ... the way you ... you use ... that lovely ... lovely cock of ... of yours. Oh God ... Jam .... Jamie, oh yes honey ... mmm, like that!"

I started stroking her faster allowing her ardor to build, edging her a little when she got close pushing up against me. I could feel her coming, and I changed my angle inside her to increase the friction and to hit her special spots inside. She screamed into a strong orgasm just at I released, spurting and coming deep inside her.

I kept stroking her through her many shudders, moans, squeals, and quakes. "Oh shit! Oh Shit! Oh Shit, honey. God, it feels sooo f'ing, f'ing good!" she was moaning breathlessly.

We lay together, and kissed, and touched, and talked quietly about our lovemaking; what she liked, what I liked. I always listen to the lady about that, and give her what she likes. We were lying together quietly, when we felt a very giggly someone creep into our bed with us.

Sherri, slid in between us, begging for attention. Her warm naked bod felt so good as I put my arms around her, and onto her taut warm stomach and kissed her on the neck as she pushed her mouth into Sarah's. I got out, and let Sarah have her as the two girls played with each other, kissing and scissoring, rubbing their mounds, and pussies together with lots of moans and grunts, until they both shuddered into nice little finishes.

I love watching the girls play! They continued on as they teased, and tickled, and laughed together. But I was tired after the trying day and fell asleep. The girls woke me before morning to dress in case the children came running into the bedroom as they often do.

~ ~ ~

Just after the next weekend, Sarah came to me and said, "Jamie, I need a night out tomorrow night (Tuesday), can you watch the kids?"

I just stared at her, that she needed to do this after several nights of sweet and loving sex for us! She couldn't possibly miss my sad expression as I said,

"Sarah, I have to say that I am very disappointed. I thought we were doing so well the past several days."

What could I really do, but to let her go. I lowered my eyes and my voice, not looking at her and said to her without any emotion,

"You will have to allow me some time away on Friday night, all night!"

"Jamie, why do you have to do that? Is it revenge?" She said. I ignored her questions and continued,

"I would like to have Sherri with me when you are out, to help with the kids, and ... to keep me away from ... sharp objects!"

I am not suicidal of course, but was sad that she needed this after our times together, and that magical night out dining and dancing. I just threw that in to get her to show some feeling toward me. Then she said matter-of-factly, like my disappointment meant nothing to her,

"Alright Jamie, I will call Sherri for you." She thought for a few seconds and said, "Yes Jamie, we have had some amazing lovemaking lately! But please let me do what you have already insisted that I can do!" then with an afterthought,

"And Jamie ... please do stay away from sharp objects!"

"Whatever! Call Sherri!"

I said without emotion as I turned my back to her even before I finished. I was already deep into self-pity mode again. I was thinking as my back was to her,

"My God! How many times do I have to win this girl???"

I kept away from Sarah from then to Tuesday night. I slept downstairs, giving her the bedroom. I was so dejected, after all the loving moments we have had recently. I felt compelled to know what goes on between them, and decided to ask Sherri to spill the details again ... I knew that Sarah would share with her.

I made another date with my eight-year old daughter, Claire, for Saturday afternoon, for lunch, and a shopping spree at the mall. She accepted with lots of giggles and kisses. Todd and I are going to the baseball game on Sunday night with a couple of my buddies—he loves being with my old baseball pals, and they treat him like a little prince!

It has become bitter-sweet being with Claire and Todd these days, knowing what my relationship with them will likely become! Sarah is not as into being with the kids like I am. Todd is too young to do much with, and she and Claire are starting to have typical mother and daughter issues, although she takes her out shopping occasionally.

I was trying hard not to feel sorry for myself, but it was an uphill battle! The woman I love so deeply has rejected the best loving I could possibly give her, and accepted a man who is not worthy of her by the furthest stretch.

In anticipation of Friday night, I wanted to get a companion lined up. If she was going to fuck that asshole again, I was going to find a companion of my own, and I had the perfect revenge candidate. I really didn't want to involve Yvonne in this mess anymore, she is just too nice a person. I will save our friendship for just some lunch dates here and there.

So, I made another call to someone else, and I listened to the phone ring, and ring, and was about to hang up when I heard her voice saying,

"Hello, Jamie!"

"Hi Janet. Hope all is going well with you honey!"

"Well, some things, yes ... other things, no!"

"Janet, how would you like to go out to dinner with me on Friday night?"

"You are asking me out on a date, Jamie? I thought you were deeply immersed in connubial bliss with what's-her-name!"

"Say yes to Friday night, and I'll tell you all about it! And her name is Sarah!"

"Yes to Friday night, Jamie! Pick me up at seven! Whatever this is I just have to hear it!"

"You will, Let's go the Lexington for dinner, and maybe dancing later. Sound okay?"

"Ah, the Lexington! Very high-test honey! Yes, your plan sounds lovely to me. Just a warning though ... I may have plans of my own!"

"Mmm, sound interesting, doll!" I said with a slight chuckle then, "Okay Jan, you have a nice evening, and I will see you at seven on Friday."

Sarah informed me that she had an editor's conference at work on Thursday until about ten or eleven-o'clock. Since this is a fairly usual occurrence, I knew that her presence there would be easy to check ... if I ever thought to do that.

I fretted all night on Tuesday with Sarah out on her date with asshole-face, even with Sherri over for dinner and to help with the kids. Sherri left after the kids were in bed, I guess I wasn't very good company.

I couldn't sleep later, I was still awake at three-thirty in the morning when Sarah creeped in quietly, and went directly into the shower. She was in there for a while, so I figured that she had a lot of David's cum to wash out of her, before coming to bed with me.

She crept to the bed, slid in carefully, and quietly trying not to move the bed or to disturb me. I whispered, "I'm awake ... couldn't sleep!"

"Oh, Jamie! Morning darling!"

"Darling? Me?"

"Yes, you! You are my darling husband, aren't you?"

"Well, technically I still am your husband!"

"Oh, Jamie! Please! I don't want to fight with you!"

She was emotional and tearing up for some reason I didn't understand. Didn't she just get the sexual experience of her life from her fuck-tard boyfriend? So what could she possibly want from me? I pulled my wife into a loose and hesitant embrace, and just held her as she cried on my chest. I raised her face with tear tracks streaking it. I wanted to kiss her, but was still holding her off.

"Is there something the matter, Sarah?" I was starting to soften and held her a little closer.

"Oh, Jamie! I ... I don't want to talk about it ... just hold me!"

Her tears started to melt my heart. That is the normal dynamic between men and women isn't it? They cry, and our hearts melt!

"Sarah we'll get through this! I know we will!"

"Oh, Jamie, I so don't deserve you!"

"I know Sarah! I know you don't!" I wasn't teasing ... it's the way I felt!

She tried to laugh through her tears at that, and gave me just a token slug in the shoulder. She took my hand, placed it on her breast, and said,

"Make love to me Jamie! Make love to me slowly, gently; you are so good at that darling!"

Still feeling sorry for myself, and feeling the ignominy of her many recent assaults on my feelings and my manhood, I might have refused her, but I didn't. I needed her! I needed to make love to my wife!
