 "Welcome to Pierre's. My name is Jan. How may I help you?" These were the first words spoken to me by the extraordinary redheaded clerk at the high end lingerie shop that I had just walked into. She had light accent, but I could not quite place where it was from. It sounded British to me, but could have easily been Irish, Scottish or even Australian.

"Perhaps you can help me," I responded. My eyes roamed over the clerk. She was about the same height as me, with a head of dark red curls that flowed down over her shoulders. Her green sparkly eyes were set apart by a long, elegant nose. Jan was wearing a corset made of green lace with a white satin backing. It pushed her breasts together and up so that the top of her bosom almost poured over the top of the corset. Her legs climbed from a pair of stiletto pumps wrapped in shear white stockings with green lace tops that were clipped to the underside of the corset. A pair of thin lacey panties clung to her pubic mound, the shadow of her trimmed pussy just barely visible. The overall effect was very hot.

"I'm looking for something special to surprise my husband with," I continued, "Something that will get his juices flowing, if you know what I mean."

"I think I have the perfect thing," Jan replied. "Please, follow me."

She turned and walked toward the back of the store. Her panties turned out to be a thong. Her ass was amazing. I watched it sway as she walked. I'd follow that anywhere, I thought.

Jan stopped by a rack of camisoles and held out a flimsy looking red one for me to see. "This one matches a great pair of crotchless knickers. We also have some stockings and a gossamer dressing gown that would look lovely together. I think you would look irresistible."

I reached out to the thin fabric of the camisole. "Would you like to try it on?" Jan asked. 

"Please. That whole set that you described sounded lovely. Would you round up all those pieces?" I answered.

She placed a hand on my left breast squeezing it gently. "C?" she asked, sliding her hand off my tit so that it grazed my nipple.

"Yes, they are," I responded huskily. My pussy moistened. This woman was the epitome of sexiness. It was all I could do to not pull her to the floor right there in the middle of the store.

Jan walked off, her perfect ass swaying, to find the items that she recommended I buy to make Kevin cum his pants, upon walking in the door. 

I looked around the rest of the store, realizing that I had been so focused on Jan since entering that I had not taken any time to see what was surrounding me. The store was fairly small, and tightly packed with racks of bras, panties, stockings and other types of lingerie. A tall black women standing at the register caught my eye. She was wearing a matching bra and panty set with a shear waist length robe, all in white, setting her dark skin off nicely; her full chest prominent under the robe. Looking up I saw that Jan was already walking back toward me with her arms full. 

"There are fitting rooms in the back," She said as she approached, "Right this way."

We walked to the back of the shop. Jan led the way into a spacious fitting room; spacious for a fitting room that is, it was still a small room. And I followed her in. She hung the garments on a hook to the right of the full height mirror. As she turned to leave she came nose to nose with me in the small room. We stood there for a moment looking into each other's eyes. I felt the urge to lean forward and kiss her, but I restrained myself and took a step back allowing her to pass.

"You must keep your knickers on, but otherwise feel free to do what is comfortable. And, please let me know if you need anything from me," Jan said as she stepped through the door. And then she was gone.

Feeling a little disappointed I hung up my purse and shrugged out of my blazer. Quickly I stripped down to my panties, a small pile of clothing forming on the bench beside me. I picked up the camisole from its hanger and slipped it over my head. Pulling it down, I adjusted my tits into their cups. It seemed to fit well and I liked the way that I looked in the mirror. Next I picked up the thong from their hanger. They were red with black highlights; the triangle of satin in the front was split down the center, and had a tiny satin bow that held the two halves together. This could be fun, I thought, and pulled them on over the panties I was wearing. I picked up the stockings and decided that I did not need to try them on. I knew how they would fit into the overall image. I did pull on the garter belt, adjusting it so that it sat low on my hips. I took the shear red robe from its hanger and wrapped it around my shoulders. I stood back and surveyed myself in the mirror. I had to admit the effect was quite stunning. I thought that Kevin would be quite happy to come home and find me lounging in this.

I moved to the door and opened it to find that Jan was already there. Had she been standing just outside this whole time? 

"Gorgeous," she breathed moving into the small room. She held me by the shoulders are arms length for several long seconds, her eyes roaming over my body. I could feel my temperature rising as her eyes traveled over every contour. Then her hands started to follow her eyes, adjusting here and there. She pulled at the deep V of the camisoles neck, spreading the cups slightly to show more cleavage. As she did so she cupped both my tits giving them a quick squeeze; her fingers lingering on my hardening nipples ever so briefly. Jan's hands traveled lower pulling at the hem of the camisole noting with approval that it stopped several inches above the garter belt leaving my belly button exposed. She turned me around, continuing her adjustments on my backside. I watched Jan through the mirror as I felt her hands slid over my ass as she pulled my panties up bunching the material into my ass so that my cheeks were exposed in simulation of a thong. I gasped with the slight pressure that this added to my pussy. I was becoming quite aroused. My pussy was demanding attention. 

Jan dropped to her knees in front of me her hands continuing to pull and nudge at my double panties. Her fingers traced the edge of the crotchless thong on either side of my mound. Then her fingers glided over my pussy, lightly tracing the opening of the crotchless panties. Her finger pushed through the seam, retracing its previous path. I was on fire, needed some release. I pushed my hips downward, onto her fingers.

"Your pussy feels so wet." Jan pushed her finger deeper into my soaking cunt. "I'm afraid that I'm going to have to ask you to take off these knickers before you get them all wet and sticky," she said with a mock seriousness that I almost believed. As she was speaking she slid her fingers into the band of my thongs and was sliding them down my hips.

The next thing that I knew Jan had pulled my saturated panties to my ankles and was pushing her tongue into my pussy. I moaned with ecstasy, pulling Jan's face into my sodden cunt. Her tongue slid between my lips. It swirled around inside me before she pulled it out and let the tip of her tongue trace up to my clit. It lashed against my rigid nub.

My hands grabbed hold of my tits, squeezing and mashing them into my chest as Jan continued to eat my pussy. My clothing was getting in the way. I shrugged out of the robe, letting the thin material bunch up on the floor of the dressing room. I then pulled the camisole over my head discarding it as well along with the thongs knotted at my ankles.

Jan worked her way up and down my slit, tracing my folds with her tongue and then sucking my saturated lips into her mouth, pushing her tongue deep into my depths and finally sucking on my clit or flicking it with her tongue. I had to bite my lips to keep from moaning too loudly. My legs were becoming weak. I used the wall behind me stabilize myself while lowering myself to the bench. I spread my legs wide giving Jan as much access as she needed.

"Does my tongue feel good on your pussy?" Jan asked in her sultry voice.

There was a knock on the door, followed by a female voice, "Jan, are you in there? There are customers out here, I need some help."

"It feels so good," I replied huskily. "Please don't stop." 

"I'll be there in just a minute, Brit," Jan called. "I just need to finish with a customer in here."

I pulled her head back between my legs, and gasped as I felt her tongue reengage my steaming pussy. Jan continued to lick and suck on my pussy. Before she had finished I had cum twice. There was no question that Jan knew her way around a pussy.

"Your pussy is so delicious I could you just eat you all day," she said pulling back from between my legs.

I took hold of her hands as they ran up my sides reaching for my tits. I pulled her back to her feet as I stood up and drew her into a close embrace. Our lips met in an urgent kiss. I pushed my tongue into Jan's welcoming mouth. I could taste my pussy on her hot tongue. As our tongues mingled in our mouths my hands started to explore Jan's tight body. I ran my fingers over her back and down to her ass. Her flesh felt so hot and smooth under my touch. One hand returned to the back of Jan's head while she sucked my tongue into her mouth. My other hand slid to the front of her thong, grinding into her pussy. I could feel the heat pouring from between her legs. 

"No, I can't," said Jan pushing my hand away from her steamy cunt. "I still have to work another four hours. I'm already so wet, but I can't get my clothes any stickier then they are already."

"I want to lick your pussy," I said refusing to let this beautiful creature out of my arms. I leaned in and gave her a quick peck on the lips.

"And I would love to have you eat my pussy, but I unfortunately need to get back to work," she replied, kissing me back. "But I get off at six," she added.

I reached into my purse and pulled out a pen and a pad of paper. Quickly I jotted down my address and tucked it into Jan's bra. "If you come by after work I will guarantee that you won't regret it."

Jan gave me another quick peck on the lips. "I'll see you tonight," she said as she slipped out of the dressing room. I stood there naked for several minutes thinking about how much I was looking forward to eating her pussy tonight.

I redressed and took the items that I had tried on up to the register. The other woman, Brit, was behind the register.  Jan was with two young women across the store. I caught her eye and she winked as I left the store. 

