 She waited nervously, goosebumps prickling her legs.

Her arms were folded across her flat stomach.]

She stared at herself in the large mirror at the foot of the bed. Her sleeveless, liquorice, shiny dress encased her perfect figure and tiny frame. Her 34FF breasts strained against the material, catching the warm hotel room lights and casting a deep shadow over her arms as they continued to wrap themselves around her tummy.

It always happened. When it came to the final hour of any 'event' that he'd organised, she would question his wisdom and her own capabilities.

On this occasion, he'd kept her a little more in the dark and, as she attempted to appear 'cool' and laid back, had insisted that he would take care of everything.

She knew he would appear soon but she didn't know if there would be another...or others. Her trust in him was complete. And yet a nagging doubt now began to eat away at her as she ran through the emails and phone calls they'd had leading up to this moment.

She heard a noise outside in the corridor and realised that she was holding her breath. She heard the keycard in the door and a moment later it opened. She stood on unsteady legs (and ultra high, platform boots that he'd insisted she wear) 

Two figures came through the door. The first, her boyfriend, smiling and seemingly without a care in the world.

The second figure towered above him. At 6ft 6inches, this was, she guessed, the Nordic warrior who she had heard (via her boyfriend) boasted of an over-sized cock that she (a tiny-framed, petite MILF) would be unable to handle.

Introductions were made (his name was Sal) and she was painfully aware of his size as he shook her tiny, child-like hands. Her boyfriend, in a matter-of-fact, friendly way, insisted that he should take himself to the bathroom and shower.

Once inside, he looked at her and hugged and kissed her, insisting that everything was going to be fine.

His phone let out a noise and he grabbed it from his pocket (where she noted an unmistakable erection was already in evidence.) He excused himself but not before saying he'd be back shortly and to entertain their guest until he got back.

She stood, frozen as she realised that she was now alone in a hotel room with a stranger, naked in her bathroom AND that in all likelihood, her boyfriend was on his way to meet another man and bring him to the 'party'. She had handled two men once before, but one of those had been unable to get an erection due to (she assumed) performance anxiety. But this would now be taking it very much to another level and she wondered (and not for the first time) whether she would have to bail out or use some kind of safe word to stop everything.

She heard the shower being turned off and a new wave of nervousness gripped her.

She checked her reflection and smoothed down her already smooth dress.

She could hear faint rustling that she assumed was him drying himself with the white towels piled in the bathroom. 

Before she had time to imagine him drying himself and perhaps teasing his own cock to life, the key to the door was once again slotted home and in strode her boyfriend. Another over-large figure loomed behind him. He also appeared much taller (she guessed 6ft 3inches, maybe 4 inches) but built like a cartoon version of a gym bunny. His biceps bulged and his arms seemed to struggled to remain at his side such was his triangular shape. He was black with a smooth, shaved head. 

So her boyfriend had found them a black cock. Given his height, she wondered whether he'd measure up in all departments.

Again, introductions were made (this guy was called Sam) and again, her boyfriend insisted that he shower once Sal was finished. At that moment, the door opened. Sal had a towel wrapped around him in such a way that his semi-erection was blindingly obvious. The two men were introduced and Sam disappeared into the bathroom.

Sal now turned his attention to Jan.

"I've heard a lot about you. You look even better than he described you." He said, pointing a thumb at her boyfriend.

She looked from him to her boyfriend who was grinning.

They chatted about nothing in particular but every time she looked at Sal, she noted that, unnervingly, he was staring at her with wild eyes as though he was already in the throes of uncontrolled passion. She also noted that his semi erection was more of an erection now and showed no sign of abating.

After a few more minutes, Sam appeared (also wrapped in a towel) and they ran through the rules and the safe word (Chocolate.)

Her boyfriend then suggested that the three of them chat amongst themselves while he showered.

He disappeared into the bathroom but reappeared a moment later asking one of the lads for a towel. Simultaneously, they whipped their towels off and threw them at him and Jan got her first glimpse of what she'd be expected to handle and, she assumed, satisfy.

They were both massive. Sal had boasted online of a 10inch cock. She was no expert but she doubted it was a full 10 inches. However, it was thick and solid. His black counterpart, Sam, was no less impressive but the dark skin made his appear much more threatening and dangerous.

She saw her boyfriend glance at them all, smirking, and she watched as he disappeared into the bathroom.

"So, Jan, why don't you show us what you've got?"

They both stood in front of her as she sat on the edge of the bed.

Tentatively, her hands came up and she gently grabbed the shafts of both cocks, surprised at the sheer weight of the meat now nestled in her hands. They were also both incredibly hot to the touch and both cocks twitched in her hands, the veins starting to pulsate visibly.

"Suck on them, Jan. Show us you're the hungry MILF bitch your boyfriend says you are!"

'Oh he did, did he?' She thought to herself.

Her mouth descended on Sam's giant black meat as her hands began to milk the two cocks. She heard him moan loudly as her tongue touched the tip of his circumcised penis.

"Fuck, yeah! Fuck!"

She started circling her tongue around the glans and tried to open her small mouth wide to take the bulbous between her lips. She felt him push; wanting to fuck her mouth and but her mouth was too small and she had always struggled to allow large objects into her mouth and would panic at the thought of being choked or suffocated.

She gave another slurp with her tongue and her eyes stared into his, smiling. Still staring at him, she kissed the end and let out a low, sexy groan.

"Mmmmm."

She tore her eyes away and looked directly at Sal. She held his gaze while her head moved to his un-circumcised cock. She had been carefully massaging it, pulling the skin back and forth but now pulled back revealing an angry red, giant bulbous head. The head was as big as Sam's but his overall girth along the entire length was extraordinary and muscular. The veins were sticking out dangerously and she could feel the cock pulsating.

She began to lick at the head and then, after some experimental licking and kissing, she lifted the penis high and licked from his balls back to the tip, marvelling at his hot skin. She dived down again but this time, spent time licking and caressing his balls.

"Jesus! Fuck!" Was Sal's reaction.

"I've got to fuck this bitch soon or I'm going to blow! She's too fucking good at that!"

The men looked at each other and in perfect unison, grabbed her under the arms and pushed her back onto the bed.

"Condoms!" Jan managed to say, gasping and desperate (and a little apprehensive) but maintaining common sense.

There was a moment's hesitation before Sal went to the side of the bed and retrieved a condom.

"You should have got large."

Jan assumed this was a joke but when she looked at Sal's face, she could see that he was not joking.

"I'll try these but I make no promises! But I'm clean and DD free, okay?"

He struggled for a moment unpacking, and then unravelling it down his giant cock. Meanwhile, almost absently, Jan was continuing to milk Sam's cock and even leaned up and felt his taut stomach marvelling at his lean physique. He in turn lifted the hem of her liquorice dress, exposing her bald pussy. He continued to lift it up and pulled it all the way over her head.

"Fuck!! Your fucking rack is unreal, bitch!!"

He grabbed angrily at her right breast, painfully tweaking the nipple.

Finally, Sal was ready and she turned her attention to what she felt sure would be a little painful at least to begin with.

She felt the giant head nestling against her pussy lips which were already sensitive and hot, her pussy juices responding to what she'd already witnessed.

At that moment, her boyfriend appeared from the bathroom with a towel wrapped around him and looked a little taken aback that they appeared to have advanced so far without him. She felt almost guilty at being found in such a compromising position but internally laughed this thought off as she realised that this was all his doing. He dived for his camera and immediately started filming, getting low at the end of the bed to capture Sal's entry.

Jan felt Sal push. if he hadn't been fully and completely erect, his cock would have bent, so tight was the entry, but he was rock hard and he slowly started to edge into her.

'This pace, I can handle,' She thought to herself.

Deeper and deeper he went and she felt a sharp pain as he began to pass undiscovered parts of her pussy.

"Aaahhh! Ugghhnnmmm!" She started uncontrollably moaning, her face contorting in pleasure/pain.

Sal (clearly a gentleman and, so far, a considerate lover) paused and allowed her to get used to his cock.

"Okay?"

"Fuck! Fuck! Ummnnn. Yeah!"

He started to apply pressure again producing a fresh wave of moans and groans.

He pulled back and then dived back with a little more speed and urgency.

"AAAhhhhhh!!"

Again and again. He was now fucking her and she knew he wouldn't be able to stop now. His face was red; sweat beginning to appear on his brow.

With every thrust there was either a guttural utterance from Jan or a deep groan from Sal.

He now picked up the pace further and began thundering into her, oblivious to her pained expression and facial contortions.

"Sal! You need to stop otherwise you're going to have blown yourself out!"

"Don't worry. I cum many times!" He spat out while still pumping furiously.

The two other men looked at each other and smiled.

"Aaahhh!! Cumming!! Cumming, bitch! Fucking cumming, bitch!!"

"Fuck!! So am I!! Aaaaahhhhh!!"

Jan felt his cock growing even harder and bigger as the semen flowed. 

She wasn't aware immediately, but she could feel a trickle of warm, hot cum running down the crack of her pussy toward her anus, hot, delicious cum mixed with her own juices.

She stared at him, not understanding.

His face was still contorted and after a few seconds, he withdrew.

"Fuck! I told you! Too small!"

She looked down and could see the remnants of the condom wrapped around his cock.

"Well if he's going bareback, so am I!"

With that, Sam pushed Sal away and knelt in front of Jan's dripping and abused pussy. His cock slid easily into her but she let out a loud moan as he forced it deep within her. Jan was deep in the the throes of both post and pre orgasm but reasoned that both men (she hoped) were clean and their cocks appeared well cared for so any concerns she had about bareback were unfounded.

"Fuck, bitch! Your pussy feels so good!!"

He was pumping furiously, wanting to catch up to his new fuck-buddy, not caring so much about the woman who was holding on for dear life below him.

Her eyes were closed but she felt a cock next to her lips and recognised it as her boyfriend's: She opened her eyes and starting licking the delicious, perfect shaft: Some familiarity in a very unfamiliar world they were now discovering together.

She took him in her mouth and their eyes locked. They were searching one another's expressions for understanding and comfort. She hoped that she was conveying to him that she was, so far, fine with what was happening and he in turn hoped that she understood that he was immensely proud of her and her abilities and felt lucky to have already experienced so much of her.

"Never mind happy, fucking families. Turn the bitch over!"

They were awakened from their obvious mutual admiration by Sam's words. He pulled out of her and unceremoniously flipped her onto her front. Her boyfriend sat on the pillows at the head of the bed and beckoned her to continue sucking.

"Fucking beautiful bubble butt, bitch."

Sam was admiring it and Jan could feel his rough hands stroking the delicious curves of her ass, inserting a finger deep inside her before she felt the inevitable slap from his strong hands.

"Beautiful!"

Again, she felt his bulbous head nesting easily over the warmth of her pussy's entrance but from this angle she wasn't sure it would be too comfortable.

He pushed in fast and hard and she led out a scream.

"Aaahhh!! Fuck!! Go easy! Fuck!"

He ignored her and started to pump deep, hard and fast, bracing himself against her by leaning heavily on her hips and waist.

She felt him pull out a little and slow down and became aware that he was adjusting his position. He was now standing (squatting) his feet either side of her splayed legs. From this position, the angle was even more acute and the ferocity of his fucking was off the scale.

With his hands on her hips; pulling and pushing her; his cock thundering inside her, he started to almost growl as he approached orgasm.

Jan's orgasm had started now and she was bucking against him whilst moaning and trying to catch her breath. She was seeing stars before her eyes and her light-headedness made this an almost out of body experience.

The orgasm ripped through her body and she felt him withdraw before feeling the hot, sticky cum shooting onto her ass; finding the crack of her beautiful butt, the juice falling into anus and down to her pussy. She felt Sam's thumb jab itself into her anus, spreading the cum juice inside her, no doubt lubricating it for later use.

"Fuck bitch! Your pussy is so good!!"

He climbed off the bed.

"Show us what you've got!"

Sam beckoned to her boyfriend who obliged.

He slid down the bed so that she was astride him. Though she was dizzy and sore, she lowered her pussy to his over-ripe cock and he slid in easily. His cock had always been a perfect fit for her, not too big and not too small. She squirmed on top of it, enjoying the obvious love he had for her and also knowing that the sight of her ass, dancing in front of her two new admirers would have a Lazerus effect on their worn out cocks.

Sure enough, within a few minutes, she felt someone climb onto the bed.

"Hold still for a minute!"

She stopped.

"Lean forward!"

Sal's strong hands pushed her forward so she was face to face with her boyfriend, his hand came to the back of her neck and he kissed her deeply. 

She felt Sal's thumb probing her anus.

Next, she felt his cock pushing against the entrance. This would be tough, she thought and secretly thanked herself for pre-lubing down there AND Sam for adding extra cum lube.

He pushed in very slowly, again proving his prowess and understanding of how difficult this could be for her.

He could see her ass tensing with every gentle push.

"Just relax. It'll make it easier."

Finally, his bulbous head broke through and she let out a gasp.

He continued pushing and pushing slowly and deliberately until she could feel his pubic bone against her ass cheeks. Not quite believing she was able to take his long, thick cocks in its entirety (not to mention her boyfriend's not inconsiderable meat in her pussy) she started to squirm again, not quite sure how to move with this double invasion.

After a few experimental thrusts, the boys found a 'one-in-one-out rhythm and the feeling of fullness almost made her gag. But she was almost constantly orgasming now; something she'd never experienced before. She'd always known she loved to be fucked and now she knew why. To be multi-orgasmic was to feel alive!! Her body itched with wanton desire.

She saw Sam climb on the bed and offer her his semi-erect cock to her.

Without a word, she let it slip into her mouth without holding it as her hands were steadying her against her DP onslaught.

For her and her boyfriend, this was the moment they had talked about. She had cocks in all her holes and she was not only coping, she was loving it. She felt desired and desirable. She felt both like a queen and a hooker. She managed to twist her head and caught her reflection in one of the many mirrors and the sight of her as the meat in a man sandwich made her squirm anew as her orgasm became a continuous flood of lust.

After a while, they swapped position. She was now laying on Sam, on her back, his cock already in her anus. Her boyfriend positioned himself in front of her and slid into her, concentration etched on his face as he began pumping in unison with Sam's thrusts into her anus. Syvlie's head was to one side and was sucking on Sal's veined and throbbing member.

They swapped places and positions for the next 20 minutes almost without any kind of a lull. Jan was delirious and exhausted but her tingling pussy continued to spasm with an almost continuous orgasm.

"Let's fucking blow our loads all over her!" Her boyfriend suggested.

She half propped herself on the bed and couldn't help but feel for her pussy. It was sore, the lips puffy, but she was so hot and turned on, she needed to come down slowly.

Three cocks now hovered above her head and began to milk them as she had done in the beginning, swapping the attention of her mouth from cock to cock.

"I'm ready to blow!" Said her boyfriend.

"Me too!"

"I won't be long!"

They started masturbating their own cocks and told her to get ready.

Like the 'actresses' she had seen in countless porn movies, she prepared herself, her mouth open, her tongue hanging out. Her hand returned to her pussy and she started moaning.

"Aaaahhh. Uhhmmmm!"

Two cocks simultaneously began to spurt hot cum onto her face and tits; the second stream stronger than the first and then slowly dissipating.

Finally, Sal unleashed his load and she closed her eyes, allowing the hot cum to drop down her face and chin, massaging it in to her breasts and down into her pussy.

The men, having showered, departed with a pat on the back from her boyfriend.

She had fallen asleep almost instantly so wasn't awake to hear their departure.

Her boyfriend woke her and suggested that she should maybe clean herself up.

Somehow, her exhausted legs carried her to the shower and the hot water revived her.

When she returned to the room, her boyfriend was in the bed, waiting. Smiling from ear to ear.

She climbed into bed and the cuddled without speaking. She was asleep in minutes as she felt his gentle hands, stroke back and waist.

She was vaguely aware of him in the middle of the night pushing his cock into her but was so tired and confused she really couldn't be sure if that it wasn't just a dream. In fact, she couldn't be sure if it had all been a dream. A delicious, exhausting but satisfying dream? Or a wish come true?