 When I got home from Jan's house it was past midnight. I showered and went to bed.

Saturday around 10 A.M. Jan called me. We talked and she said how happy she has been since being with me. How I opened her up to different sexual situations. Her ex-husband was not like me. She thanked me for being so open. I could care less, with whom she has sex with, as long as I get mine. I know that at age 23 I did not want to be tied down to only one individual. We talked for an hour. We agreed to go out for dinner Sunday evening.

As soon as I got off the phone there was a knock on my door. It was my landlord Jim.

"Belinda sent me up here because your phones been busy. We would like to invite you to a party this evening. It's at a friend's house. Nothing fancy."

"What kind of party," I asked.

"Lets just say it will surprise you and keep you entertained."

"Sounds good, what time and how do I get there."

"Around eight and you will be going with us. I guarantee you will have the time of your life. Come to the house around seven for a couple of drinks before we go."

"OK, you got it, do I need to bring anything?"

"No just your body," he said with a little laugh.

I had a nap that afternoon, figuring that this could be an all-nighter. I wanted to be well rested. Around five I started to get ready for this party. I showered, shaved and put on my Dockers and Polo shirt that showed my upper body well. At seven I rang the bell at my landlords house. Jim opened the door; he was dressed about the same as I.

"Come on in. Let's go to the study for a drink."

"Belinda will join us in a few minutes, she is putting on the finishing touches."

Jim made us whisky sours and we made small talk.

"You know I really enjoyed our last get together."

"Yea, I had a good time, your wife is a hot number."

"That was nothing, she gets more carried away at some of these parties. I also think your friend Jan is one hot woman."

"Jan and Belinda seem to get along well."

"Hell you got to get along after eating each other."

"Who was eating whom," said Belinda as she walked in.

"You're looking good baby," said Jim.

That was the understatement of the year. She did not look "good" she looked magnificent. She has changed her hairdo. Her blond hair is short, straight, with bangs. Her makeup is perfect accenting her lips and eyes. A white peasant blouse pulled down over the shoulders is the perfect match for her short skin-tight skirt. The white skirt has a slit on each side. Through the slits I can see black stockings. To set off the outfit she accents it with black thigh high boots.

"You like," she asks as she whirls around.

I don't know about her husband but my cock twitched. Belinda has one hell of an ass. The skirt's so tight that her ass crack is clearly visible. I could spend hours appreciating her ass. The hell with the party I want to play with her ass now, I thought to myself.

"Your looking dashingly handsome," she said has she hugged me.

I tilted her head and gave her a kiss. Her tongue probed my lips. Our tongues meet and she pressed her crotch against mine. My hands went to her ass cheeks and I clutched them. Her ass is stroft that is strong but soft. Pliable under my hands, I squeeze they come back for more. The hug also told me that she is bra-less. Her nipples puffed-up as our tongues explored each other.

We broke our embrace. Both of us were somewhat breathless. Seems like; we got turned on by each other. Jim handed her a drink.

"Thanks darling."

She sat in a chair across from us. For the next thirty minutes we talked as Belinda put a show on. Unconsciously or consciously she continuously to cross her legs. Whenever her legs crossed the skirt would elevate on her legs. First the top of the stockings were visible; then the upper inner thighs. Finally, I could see the small triangle of her black panties. They were extremely small and thin. Her pussy hair curls are sticking out the sides. She must be wet because the panties are bonded to her cunt.

"Now that both of you have hard ones its time to go," she said. "What a tease."

On the way I found out that our host and hostess names are John and Michelle. John is in his middle fifties while Michelle is in her early thirties. I was also told that these parties happen once a month. It is always something different but always sexual in nature. There are four couples in the group but today one woman was alone; hence me. In fact the single woman was our hostess Michelle. Her husband who is a banker was called out of town on business.

We pulled up to what I will call "The Manor House." It was huge, off the road about a mile. Surrounded by woods. Privacy all around. These people are rich.

We were greeted at the front door by one of the most gorgeous woman I have ever seen. She has short black hair, pixie cut. Her face is flawless. The outfit she has on does nothing to hide a perfect body. She has on a slinky blue dress, not tight but loose. It has a high neck that is closed with three small buttons. The dress ends about two inches above her knees. Shimmery silver stockings in three inch blue pumps completes the outfit.

Belinda hugs her and gives her a kiss on the lips.

"You're looking good," she says.

"Thanks and you're looking delicious," replies Belinda.

Belinda is right I could eat her right by the front door. I am hoping that this is my partner for tonight.

"Hello, Jim how are you," she asks.

"Doing great looking forward to this evening."

She allows herself to be held and kissed by Jim. In fact I do believe that their tongues did interact.

"I hope that you are Johann."

"Yes, I am and you I hope are Michelle."

"Yes, I am your partner for this evening. Belinda thank you, he is everything you said he was," as she kissed her on the cheek.

"Let's go in and get the party started."

Michelle placed her arm in mine and directed us in.

We entered her living room. It's big enough to play basketball in. There were two other couples waiting for us. Michelle introduced me to all. There is Jennifer and her husband Mike and Sandy and her husband Tom.

Jennifer is in her late twenties. She has long straight black hair. She has a very deep tan. She looks of Spanish decent. She is wearing a short black dress with white stockings and black heels. Her best features are her pretty face and legs. She has very small breasts. Her legs are perfectly propionate to her body. Her husband Mike is around thirty. He is losing his hair and putting on weight.

Sandy is the opposite of Jennifer. She is fair, looks like she could use some sun. She is tall with medium length red hair. She has a frilly short purple skirt with a tight white button down blouse on. The blouse covers a magnificent set of breasts. She like Belinda is wearing boots, hers' end just below her knees. Mike is tall and blond. He has an athletic build like a runner.

For the next hour we just talked and got to know each other. The alcohol flowed freely. I found that I had no problem fitting in. The women were flirtatious and the men pleasant. However, the air was filled with sexual anticipation.

Mike and Belinda start to dance. All the music is slow dance music. Belinda has ground her body into his. As they dance Mike moves his hands down to her ass.

Sandy gets up and takes Jim to dance. He looks like the cat that ate the canary when she squashes her chest against him.

Tom and Jennifer start to dance with each other. I ask Michelle to dance.

"Sure but I want you to really close to me."

"How close?"

"Close enough so that I will know what you got in them jeans."

I pull her close. As we move to the music, I pushed my hips into her. I run my hand up and down her back. She does have a bra on. My hands go lower and grip her ass cheeks. She has a thong on. Her body fits mine flawlessly. Her fingers are caressing my neck. Her lips nibbling up and down my neck.

"If I blow in your ear, will you follow me anywhere"?

"I would follow you anywhere whether you blow in my ear or not."

She places her hand under my shirt. Her fingernails blaze a trail up and down my back. Her nails feel like a hot poker. Her hand works its way to my chest. Brushing her nails across my nipples. She sticks her tongue into my ear. My nipple becomes firm under the treatment from her nails.

"Your nipples are very sensitive."

"That's not all that's hard."

"I know I can feel you pressing into me. Let's sit down and watch the other."

We go into one corner of the room and sit on a couch.

"Look at Belinda and Mike," she says.

They have stopped dancing. Their bodies are clinched together. He has pushed the skirt over her ass. His fingers are kneading her ass cheeks. Separating and lifting them at the same time. Her black panties are buried deep in her ass. Their mouths are glued together, tongues working against each other. She shoves and rubs her crotch against his. His hips push against hers. They are dry humping each other with some urgency. As we watch Michelle moves her hand to my crotch. She cups my crotch and rubs her hand up and down.

I look over to Jim and Sandy. Jim has unbuttoned her blouse. Those magnificent breasts are unfastened and free. Jim moved behind her. He moves his hands from her waist to her breasts. He placed his hands under them and pushed them up. Sandy put her head back against his shoulders and closes her eyes. As he massaged her nipples her mouth falls open and her breathing becomes irregular. Her nipples are aroused and turn a bright pink color. She has small pointy nipples. He manipulates her tits, tweaking and swirling her nipples between his fingers. She swivels her ass against his crotch.

Tom and Jennifer have stopped dancing and moved to another chair. As she sits Tom spreads her legs and pulls her down till she is stretched out on the chair. He drops to his knees. He places her legs on his shoulders. Bit by bit he pushes her dress up. She has dazzling legs. They are long and as her dress goes up I can see that she has garters holding her stockings. Her thighs drop open as Tom starts to move his tongue up her calves. She scoots her ass further down the chair. Her dress bunches around her hips to expose a smooth hairless pussy. She reaches to her pussy, takes hold of the lips and spreads them. Her clit is intensely pink and swollen. Tom's mouth swiftly moves to envelop her clit. His cheeks collapse has he sucks the clit into his mouth. Jennifer lets out a muted groan.

Belinda with Mike behind her moves to Jennifer and Tom. Belinda kneels behind Mike. She reaches around him undoes and pulls his pants down to his knees. Tom pushed Belinda's skirt over her amble ass and with one motion pulls her panties to her knees. Belinda spreads her knees apart and directs her ass upwards. Her asshole and pussy are out in the open. Belinda reaches and grasps Mike's dick. She jerks it up and down then pulls it toward her. The head of the cock is encircled by her lips. She sucks it and at the same time darting her tongue all around it. Tom spreads Belinda's ass cheeks wide and licks her ass crack. As his tongue contacts her brown puckered hole she sighs into his cock.

Michelle reaches and pulls down my zipper. Her hand reaches in and releases my cock. Her fingernails caress the underside of the head. She lays the side of her head on my stomach so she can continue to watch the others. My cock is pulled towards me and her mouth seizes it. The heat from her mouth makes my cock twitch. She takes it deep into her throat. Never have I had such a feeling. With my cock buried deep in the throat her tongue continued to swirl around it. I placed my hand over her tit and massaged it through the dress and bra. Even through the clothes her nipples expand.

Sandy undoes Jim's pants. As they droop to the floor he steps out of them. She shrugs her shoulders and her blouse joins the pants. Sandy drops to the carpet on her back. Jim straddles her body just below the breasts. He lowers himself to his knees. He places his dick between her tits. She pushes her tits together trapping the cock between her globes. Jim moves his hips sliding his cock between them.

As his cock moves forward Sandy flicks her tongue to lick its head. Sandy slides her feet toward her ass and spreads them apart. She has crotch-less panty hose on. She is a real redhead. As Jim fucks her tits his fingers are tweaking and yanking her nipples. As he yanks them she moans "harder."

Michelle swings her legs from the couch. With a last swipe of her tongue, she releases my cock from her mouth.

She stands up with her back to me. Her legs positioned on either side of my feet. Reaching down she grabs the hem of her dress. In one swift motion she lifts the dress over her head and drops it to the carpet. Reaching behind her she unclasps her bra. Bending over it drops to the carpet.

Holding the thong in her hands she slides it down. When it reaches her knees she bends at the waist and pulls it to her ankles. As she bends down her creamy juicy ass points toward my face. I reach for it and spread it apart. Her dark brown ass-hole contrasts with her creamy checks. I place my index finger against her hole. With a gentle push her hole opens and my finger slides in to the first knuckle. Her hole puckers as her ass cheeks clench and release. Clenching and releasing she manages to suck my finger in to the second knuckle.

With a smack sound my other hand makes contact with her ass cheek.

"Yes, please spank me," she says with a raspy voice.

Smack, Smack, Smack goes my hand. First one cheek then the other. Her ass turns red from my spanking but she does not pull away. I continue to slap her ass. With every slap her ass-hole attempts to pull more of my finger in. Her ass is bright red and my handprints are visible on each cheek. I rotate my thumb to her pussy crack. I penetrate her lips. Her cunt is soaked with her creamy juices and I slide in easily.

From across the room comes, "I'm Cummmming."

It's Jennifer who's having her pussy sucked by Tom. I watch her as she bucks her cunt into Tom's mouth. His lips are slick with her juice.

Michelle yells to her, "cum honey, cum hard, fill his mouth full."

Those words seem to drive Jennifer to another orgasm. She drives her hips harder into Tom's face. She crosses her legs behind his head and pulls him even closer. As the orgasm hits her she screams, " AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH."

Michelle hearing Jennifer's screams reaches between her legs to grasp my cock. Bending her knees she lowers herself toward my cock. I have to pull my fingers out of her holes. As I do she moans "uhhhhhhh."

That sound is replaced by "AHHHHHHHH," as she positions her cunt above my cock and sits on it.

My dick is buried from top to bottom. Her cunt is warm and wet. Her cunt contracts and expands as she milks it. It tightens then loosens around my cock. She straightens up till only the head is in her cunt. Her hand grasps the base of it and jerks it up and down. She jerks me off while I'm still inside her pussy.

Michelle releases my cock. Placing her hands on my knees she lowers herself slowly till my cock is totally contained by her cunt. As she sits on it her ass grinds into me. I move my hands around to her tits. I tweak her nipples. I pinch, pull and roll them with my fingers.

"AHHHHHHHHHH, YES, YES," she shrieks. Tom has released Jennifer's clit. He grasps her angles and spreads her legs wide. Using his tongue and lips he cleans her from ass-hole to cunt.

Belinda releases Tom's cock and on all fours crawls away from him. She puts her forehead to the carpet. Reaching behind her, she spreads her ass wide.

"Please fuck me in the ass Mike."

Mike quickly gets naked. He kneels behind her and guides his cock to her shit-hole. His tongue has opened it and made it wet. His cock spreads her ass-hole and with one plunge he enters her ass completely.

"Fuck the shit out of her," yells Michelle. "Yea fuck the shit out of me," answers Belinda.

Mike grips her ass and slam's his cock in and out of her shit-hole.

"YEEEAAAAAA, make it hurt baby," comes from Belinda.

As he drives in and out he starts to smack her ass.

"OH YEA, I LOVE IT," she yells.

One of her hand reaches to her cunt and quickly three fingers enter. Driving her fingers in and out in the same rhythm as the cock in her shit-hole.

Jennifer seeing Belinda finger fucking her-self pushed Tom away from her. She jumps up and runs to where she is. She got on her back and slit under her. When their mouths were in the same position, Belinda put her lips on to Jennifer's. Their tongues urgently searched each other out.

"Oh fuck I'm cuming," came from Jim.

Jim sliding his cock between Sandy's breasts had a weird look on his face. Sandy opens her mouth just as his cock jerked and a load of cum flies on to her forehead. Jim grasps his cock and aims it at her mouth. His next load hits her tongue and she quickly swallows it. Jim jerks his dick and the next load hits her tits. She wipes it with her fingers and sticks them into her mouth to lick them. Another jerk from Jim and another load hits her on the chin. Jim exhausted drops away from her.

Michelle seeing Jim's white thick slimy cum on Sandy's face jumped up from my cock and ran to her. She lay on top of Sandy. Using her tongue she licked the cum into her own mouth. She did not swallow instead her mouth searched out Sandy's. When their mouths found each other they rolled Jim's cum back and forth.

I got up and moved behind Michelle and Sandy. Their clits rubbing against each other.

I guided my cock to Sandy's pussy. I put my cock head against her cunt lips and pushed. I could not get in she was to dry. Quickly I guided my cock to Michelle's cunt. She was sloppy wet and I slit in easily.

I leaned over Michelle and whispered to her, "I want to fuck you both but Sandy is to dry for me to get in."

As soon as I said that I felt a flood of warm liquid seeping between my cock and her cunt lips. I pulled my dick out of her. It was glistening with her juices. I watched as Michelle's cunt opened and another flood of yellow liquid came out. It rolled down on to Sandy's pussy lubricating it. Michelle pissed two more times making Sandy's cunt as wet as her own. Quickly I placed my cock against Sandy's cunt and without any problem slid in.

I stroked Sandy's pussy a few times. She was tighter then any other pussy I have ever been in. Her pussy grasped my cock like she did not want it to leave. When I rammed my cock into Michelle's cunt, she moaned and stuck her tongue down Sandy's throat. After switching back and forth between cunts both of them were sloppy wet. Their juices were running out and wetting Sandy's ass and the carpet below her.

I watched as Jennifer and Belinda broke their kiss. Jennifer slid further under Belinda who was now on all fours.

When Jennifer got directly under Belinda's cunt, her mouth fastened itself to it. Jennifer was sucking Belinda's pussy. I know Belinda's pussy was sloppy wet because I could hear Jennifer lapping up her juices. Tom naked now, moved behind Jennifer. Belinda grabbed his dick and sticks it in her mouth. She slobbers all over it. When it's real wet she takes it from her mouth and directs it to Jennifer's cunt.

Jim with no hesitation bangs it home to the root. After a couple of deep strokes inside Jennifer's pussy, Belinda pulled it out and sucked Jennifer's pussy juices off. When Jennifer felt what Belinda was doing she did the same with Mike's cock. Jennifer was so dam hot she did not care that Mike's cock had just come out of Belinda's shit-hole. She sucked that shit covered cock into her mouth and cleaned it.

Belinda let out a long scream "I'm cummmmmmmmmming."

Her cunt convulsed and as her orgasm hit her. Jennifer's mouth went around her pussy and she sucked all of Belinda's juices.
