 In my previous story, "The Sexual Emancipation of Marie (and me)", Marie and I both lost our virginity. Mine had gone to Marie and Jan's boyfriend, Charlie, took Marie's. Marie and I married and moved to the west coast where I was stationed. A few months later I was transferred to sea duty for a six-month deployment. Marie moved back into Jan's trailer on the east coast where they both worked as nurses at a hospital.

On the day that my ship returned to port I called Marie to make plans for the leave that I had coming. I thought it would be nice to visit Daytona again but she had heard about Fantasy Fest in Key West and wanted to see what it was like. She told me about what a party town it was and that it wasn't too hot in October. I agreed that it would be a nice place for our reunion.

When I started calling hotels to get a reservation I found that the city was pretty much booked solid months in advance for Fantasy Fest. I finally found a hotel that had just received a cancellation, the La Concha on Duval Street in the heart of town. I quickly reserved the room! Then I called Marie back, told her about the reservation and when and where to meet me.

I had resisted the temptation to enjoy the company of the lovely Asian ladies when I had shore leave in the Philippines, Japan and Hong Kong. I was really looking forward to reuniting with my wife after 6 months of having sex with only my hand!

The day finally arrived when I flew to Miami and drove a rental car down US 1, the Overseas Highway to Key West. I checked in at the hotel then settled down in a comfy chair in the lobby to wait for Marie to arrive.

It wasn't long before I spied her walking through the door and was surprised to see Jan with her. Marie ran over, wrapped her arms around me and planted her lips on mine. After we disengaged I gave Jan a hug and said, "This is a pleasant surprise. Marie didn't tell me that you were going to join us."

Jan answered, "It was supposed to be a surprise, Jack. When Marie told me she was going to Key West I must have looked disappointed that I hadn't been invited. She asked me to come with her. I hope it's OK with you."

I grinned and told her, "It's one of the nicest surprises I've ever had. You both look great and it'll be fun for me to escort two beautiful young women at Fantasy Fest. " Then I added, "The only problem is that we have a room with a single king-size bed and there isn't anything else available in this hotel or any other."

"That's OK," Jan answered, "I can sleep on the couch."

"Sure, that'll work" I said with a grin as I reached for their bags. "You two will love the room. It's on the second floor and has a balcony over-looking Duval Street."

I noted that Marie had the same build and weight as she had when we parted 6 months ago. Jan had, however, added a few pounds which gave her a more womanly figure and slightly larger breasts. It appeared that she had gone from a B+ to a C-cup.

Marie leaned over and whispered in my ear, "We need to talk in privacy, can we go somewhere?"

I gave her a questioning look and she whispered, "It's important."

"Here's the key, Jan. Go on up and we will join you in a few minutes," I said.

"Of course," Jan said, "You two lovebirds need some time alone. I'll unpack and take a look around town. I'll see you when we all get back to the room."

I signaled a bellboy to help her with the baggage and Marie and I went out the door. We strolled through town while I wondered what could be so important that it couldn't wait. Fantasy Fest hadn't begun yet so there weren't many people on the street. After a few minutes Marie said, "I have to tell you something and am afraid it will shock you. Please don't be angry with me."

"After having been away from you for so long I doubt that anything could get me angry right now unless you were to tell me that you are pregnant or something like that," I told her.

She suddenly stopped and I looked to see a shocked expression on her face. "How could you know?" she said.

"Know what?" I asked.

"That I was pregnant!" she exclaimed.

I was stunned. "What? You don't look pregnant. I've been gone for six months. If you are pregnant it should be showing." I told her.

She dropped her gaze to the sidewalk and quietly said, "I was pregnant. I had an abortion and you weren't the father. That's why I was afraid to tell you."

I was shocked, to say the least.

She looked so afraid that I would be angry and leave her that I put my arms around her, kissed her forehead and said, "I could never be angry with you, Marie. I love you and nothing will change that." She looked up at me and gave a weak smile. I saw the tears in her eyes and my heart melted. I kissed her and we continued our walk hand in hand.

"I'm not going to pressure you for more information," I told her, "Tell me more only if it will make you feel better."

"I want to tell you. I have to," she said. "You know that Jan is working the evening shift and I'm on days. One afternoon after Jan had gone to work Charlie came by with a bottle of Wild Turkey," Marie told me.

Marie wasn't much of a drinker but she had a weak spot for Wild Turkey and apparently Charlie knew about it. I also knew that Marie had stopped taking birth control pills after I went to sea. She saw no need for them since we were married and I wasn't going to be around for months.

Marie continued, "We sat on the couch and talked and he kept my glass full. I was getting tipsy and he leaned over, gave me a kiss and put his arms around me. Jack, I was so lonesome without you. I needed company and Charlie was a good friend."

She went on to tell me that one thing led to another and they ended up in her bed. Charlie left before Jan returned from work. It wasn't until the next morning that Marie remembered that she wasn't on the pill. She missed her period that month and when she missed it again the next month she went to a doctor who confirmed that she was pregnant.

"I had to tell Jan what happened. She knew a doctor that took care of those things if a woman didn't want to have a baby," She told me. Marie had an abortion and Charlie paid for the procedure.

"Jan was furious with Charlie and cut their relationship off right away," Marie told me. "I haven't seen him since and hope I never do."

I suggested to Marie that I wasn't angry with her but that I'd love to shove Charlie off a cliff and just might do that if the opportunity presented itself. I suggested that she go back to the hotel and that I would join her in a little while.

She said, "I understand. Promise me you will come back soon, please?"

I nodded my head and walked on as she turned around and went the other way.

I must have walked for an hour or two, clearing my head and coming to grips with the situation. I might have done the same thing as Charlie had, if presented with a lonesome, attractive and slightly drunk vulnerable woman. I believe that most men think with their dicks before their brains kick in. Charlie probably subscribed to the old saying "candy's dandy but liquor's quicker."

Don't misunderstand me, I felt bad for Marie. She didn't deserve what amounted to date rape. She had to go through an abortion and give up the baby. I knew that she needed me more than ever before so I headed back to the hotel.

When I opened the door to the hotel room Marie jumped up from her chair, ran to me and wrapped her arms around my neck. "I was so afraid that you wouldn't come back," she said with tears streaming from her eyes.

"Don't ever worry about that again," I told her as I put my arms around her waist and looked into her eyes, "I love you and want to be with you. That will never change."

Marie answered, "I love you too, it was horrible not being able to talk to you about it but I felt I just had to wait for you to get back."

"I understand and I'm glad you waited. This is something we had to discuss face-to-face. It's over and here we are in a hotel room with Jan out somewhere. What should we do about that?" I asked.

She put her hand against my crotch and gave my equipment a little squeeze. "I think that this guy needs a workout," she said.

Her suggestion appealed to me because, at that moment, I wanted nothing more than to jump Marie's bones. "You read my mind," I replied.

I helped her out of her top and shorts, then stripped myself while watching her remove her bra and panties. We jumped into the bed and snuggled close together front-to-front. My cock was at full mast and it felt so good to have it pressing against her stomach after we had been apart for so long.

"You are the sexiest, most desirable woman in the world," I whispered to her as I ran my hand down her back to her butt.

Marie said, "I think there is a problem here."

"What problem?" I asked.

"There is a big rock between us," she said, then put her hand between us and found my erection. "Oh! That's not a rock; it's your cock! What do you think you're going to do with that thing, you nasty boy?"

"I was thinking of finding some place moist and warm to plant it in," I answered.

"I have just the place for it then," Marie said.

She pushed me over on my back, then lifted one leg over me and squatted on my member. Then she started rocking her hips back and forth, rubbing my aching cock within her most feminine parts.

After only a minute of that I warned her that I was going to make a mess on my stomach if she didn't quit what she was doing to me.

Marie smiled and said, "OK, I guess we should get down to business so you don't waste any of your juice that way. By the way, I am taking the pill again so we can have all the fun we want!"

She lifted her hips and grabbed my manhood with one hand while spreading her labia with the other. She lowered her hips until the head of my cock was positioned at the entrance to her pussy, then very slowly dropped down until I was fully buried inside of her.

I was in ecstasy as she began a slow up-and-down movement. Even though her breasts were not large they moved with the rhythm of her body. I reached up to touch them and play with her hard nipples as we made sweet love for the first time in six months. She moaned and bounced on my hips with increased vigor.

I tried to resist my advance to orgasm but my body wouldn't co-operate. "I'm having that old familiar feeling Marie, I don't think I'll last much longer."

"Great", she answered breathlessly, "because I think I'm going to explode if I don't cum soon!"

It wasn't much more than a minute before my orgasm hit and I shot my load into Marie's tight cunt. That put her over the edge. She closed her eyes and shouted something unintelligible as her stomach muscles contracted. Her orgasm lasted far longer than it ever had before, and she voiced her delight with abandon. If anyone was in the rooms on either side of ours they most certainly got an ear-full. Marie had never been particularly vocal during lovemaking but she pulled out all of the stops that time. She was embracing her sexuality more than ever before. It seemed that, after the events in Daytona with Charlie and Janice, our lovemaking had gotten better each time we coupled.

We just lay there for a while, enjoying the afterglow. Suddenly we heard the key in the lock. Jan was returning. We quickly got under the covers as Jan entered the room and noticed us in the bed.

"Isn't it a little early to be in bed? No, wait a second, Marie told you what happened and ya'll were making up with a little fucking, weren't you?" said Jan.

"Maybe," said Marie without trying to wipe the grin off of her face.

"I'm glad to see that Jack isn't such an ass that he would leave you over a one-time indiscretion like that," said Jan, "Now get up and get dressed. I'm starving."

Marie and I looked at each other, I shrugged and we threw the covers off. Jan had seen us both naked before, heck, she had given me a blow job when were together with Charlie in Daytona a year before. We got dressed and walked around until we found a seafood restaurant.

After the meal we walked to Mallory Square and watched the sunset together with at least a hundred other tourists, most in town for Fantasy Fest. After that we strolled through town checking out the sights on Duval Street. At one point Marie and I noticed that Jan had dropped behind us. Something had caught her eye because we saw her standing in front of a business, looking in the window. We went back and asked, "What's up Jan?"

"I've heard about Fantasy Fest body painting. This is one of the places that does it, see?" she asked. The shop wasn't open but we could see art supplies inside and there were photos of the artist's work in the window. The pictures featured mostly women but some men, some topless and some that appeared to be completely nude, except for the body paint, on the crowded streets of Key West. All were decorated in some way or another with intricate designs. Some breasts had been painted to look like the eyes of animals. One man had an elephant painted on his stomach with a long trunk the end of which was the man's penis. It was quite impressive (the artwork, not the penis).

Jan said, "I want to be painted."

Marie chimed in with, "So do I."

"So, you know that you'd have to undress in this window to be painted and anyone who walked by would be able to see you, right? You have to check your modesty at the door," I said.

The girls looked at each other, grinned and Jan said to Marie, "I will if you will."

"Well, I did finally give up my modesty when I went topless on that beach last year," said Marie. "Sure, let's do it! We've got until tomorrow afternoon or evening to get our nerve up."

"It's a deal," answered Jan. "This is going to be fun!"

We talked about the next day's planned adventure as we walked back to the hotel. When we got back to the room all we wanted to do was relax after a long day. Marie turned the television on and then sat down on the bed with me.

After a few minutes Jan said, "Hey guys, I just thought of something. Remember I was going to sleep on the couch? Ummm, have you noticed that we don't have a couch?"

"Uh Oh," I said.

Marie chimed in, "Not a problem, the bed is king size, plenty of room for three. You can sleep on one side, I'll be on the other and Jack will be in the middle. I know he will enjoy us making a Jack sandwich that way!"

"If it's OK with both of you I'll go along with that, or I can see if the hotel has a rollaway bed," I said.

"No rollaway," Marie said, "It's a done deal, right Jan?"

"Hell yes!" answered Jan. She immediately got on the bed with us.

I thought, 'This could get very interesting.'

A couple of hours later I caught Marie yawning and told her, "Looks like it's about time to turn in. I'm ready, how about you?" looking at Jan.

Sure, I'm ready," she said as she got up and headed for the bathroom. I didn't have any pajamas so I stripped to my boxers and Marie changed into a silky nightgown. We had crawled under the covers by the time Jan returned wearing only panties and a sheer white bra. She got into bed on the side opposite Marie and I found myself between two sexy young women, something most men dream of!

Marie switched off the bedside light and we all settled in. I was close enough to both women to feel the heat of their bodies. My cock had noticed too. It had perked up as soon as I saw how little Jan was wearing. As a matter of fact it was so hard it almost hurt and I couldn't do anything about it under the circumstances. I couldn't get to sleep.

Jan fell asleep soon, softly snoring a bit from time to time. After suffering for an hour I figured that they were both sleeping so I could get a little relief and maybe get some sleep myself. I pulled my dick out of my shorts and stroked it as best I could, not wanting to wake the girls.

Suddenly Marie rolled over to face me and whispered, "I can help if you want me to."

'Oh Crap!' I thought, 'She wasn't sleeping.'

"Uh, sure if you don't mind, that would be helpful. I couldn't get to sleep."

I felt her warm hand push mine aside and wrap around my cock. She stroked it softly until I reached orgasm.

"Thanks," I said quietly, "I needed that."

I gently lifted myself from under the covers and over Marie and made my way to the bathroom to pee and clean up. When I returned both girls were asleep. I managed to get back between the girls without waking them and fell asleep almost as soon as my head hit the pillow.

The next thing I knew the morning sun was streaming through the french doors that opened onto the balcony.

I was on my back and remembered that I was sharing the bed with two sexy brunettes. Marie was snuggled against my left side with her hand on my stomach and her head on my chest. Jan was on the other side curled up facing away from me. I had the usual morning boner and needed to pee. Slowly and carefully I disengaged from Marie and scooted to the foot of the bed. Once I got vertical I headed for the bathroom with "old faithful" leading the way.

As I made my way to the bathroom door I was startled when Jan stage-whispered, "I haven't seen a dick that ready for action since I had my lips around yours in Daytona!"

"Shhh" I whispered, "you'll wake Marie!

"She sleeps like a rock. She'll probably be out for another hour," Jan replied.

I continued into the bathroom and closed the door before finding relief at the toilet. I then dropped my boxers and started the water running for a shower. As I adjusted the temperature Jan slipped in the door, closing it behind her.

"Hey, I'm going to shower so you girls can have the bathroom!" I told her, 

"Well, go ahead. I've got to pee too. Besides, it's fun showering with someone else, OK if I join you?" she said.

" I guess it's OK," I told her, "We've been in a similar situation at your place and Marie didn't seem to mind."

"Great!" Jan exclaimed as she pulled her panties off and sat on the toilet. While relieving herself she un-hooked her bra and tossed it on the floor. I admired her firm breasts and pulled the shower curtain aside for her when she finished.

"Thank you, kind sir," Jan said as she climbed into the tub.

"My pleasure miss," I said as I followed and pulled the curtain closed behind us.

Jan grabbed the soap and started lathering her body, paying particular attention to her beautiful breasts. We were facing each other and she appeared to be admiring my cock, which had lowered its head after I emptied my bladder but was standing at attention again.

"Here, let me help you with that," she said, quickly reaching out for it with a soapy hand. She wrapped her fingers around my manhood and stroked gently, her boobs moving with the motion of her arm. As much as I needed relief I didn't think that Marie would like it if she walked in.

"That feels wonderful, but you need to stop before we get in trouble," I told her.

Then I heard the bathroom door open and Marie say, "What's going on in here?"

Jan quickly released my cock and said, "Nothing, just taking a shower!"

"Oh really?" said Marie. "Is there room for me?"

"Of course, always room for one more," Jan answered.

I pulled the curtain back and looked out. Marie was pulling her gown over her head and smiled at me as she dropped it on the floor. She stepped out of her panties and climbed into the tub with us.

"You aren't angry with me for sharing the shower with Jan?" I asked.

"Of course not Jack, we've all seen each other naked. Jan and I are nurses and have seen scads of naked people. Besides, we're both horny young things and you are the only man available. I don't mind her sharing the shower with you if you don't mind," Marie said.

'Oh My God,' I thought, 'I've died and gone to heaven!'

The shower was completed with a minimum of touching although some was inevitable with three people in a tub. Both women had to be aware of my excitement as my cock refused to relax until we had all dried off and dressed for breakfast.
