 Jane woke up horny that summer morning in late July. Before she even opened her eyes she could tell the sun was already up and starting to warm the bedroom. Her right hand crept under the covers and found her pussy. To her surprise her cunt was already wet and slippery. Then she suddenly remembered the erotic dream she had had about her girlfriend Patti. 

Patti was in town visiting relatives nearby and the two women were planning on seeing each other while she was so close since they hadn't seen each other in ten long years. Jane had always loved Patti like a sister and had long held a secret longing to be more than just friends. Patti was petite compared to Jane's tall voluptuous frame and the contrast intrigued Jane enormously. Patti bleached her shoulder length hair to a sexy streaked blond color that Jane found very attractive. Jane longed to explore Patti's small breasts and had dreamed of going down on her and giving her several shattering orgasms.

Jane's fingers were caressing her throbbing clit as she thought about the dream and how excited she was to get to see her old friend soon. She was almost to the point of coming when the phone rang. It startled her and stopped her short of cuming.. She reached for the phone which lay by the bedside and answered the call. 

It was Patti. Much to Jane's delight, Patti suggested they go to the beach that very day since it was sunny and warm. Jane agreed it was a great idea and they began to make plans. Patti needed a swimming suit, she said, and Jane offered her one that she thought would look great on her but hinted that maybe it would be even more fun to go to the nude beach Jane liked. Patti said sure with such enthusiasm that Jane was encouraged. Good, she thought. I'll finally get to see Patti naked. 

Patti arrived at Jane's house an hour later and the ladies hugged and kissed hello with warmth and affection. Patti seemed as happy to see Jane and Jane was to see her. Patti put down her big beach bag and asked to try on the swimsuit. Immediately both women began to strip down right then and there and put on their suits. Patti was obviously not at all shy about being naked in front of Jane and Jane was enthralled and turned on at the sight of Patti's nude body. Her breasts were smaller than her own but were still round and full and hardly sagged at all since she had never had any children to nurse. Jane couldn't keep her eyes off Patti and was happy to see that she too shaved her pussy completely. 

Jane nonchalantly walked to the other side of the room, pretending to need something over there just so she could get a better look at Patti's cute little ass. It was perfect! Smooth skin, shapely and firm and when she bent over to step into the bikini bottoms Jane nearly sighed out loud to get a view of Patti's cunt from behind. Her labia were large and full and a dark pink color. Jane found herself getting very turned on. 

Little did Jane know though that Patti was enjoying herself as well. Patti was also sneaking peaks of Jane's body and admiring the view. Patti liked Jane's large shapely breasts and longed to play with them. Jane and Pattie had been close friends for twenty years but Patti had never told Jane that she was secretly bi-sexual and that she had been attracted to Jane for a long time. 

"Jane, you look great in that red two piece. You've stayed in such good shape these years. You must exercise a lot and eat right," Patti said, flattering her. 

"Thanks. I try. You look fabulous too and you are so tan all over? How do you manage that?" Jane asked. 

"I sunbath in the nude in my back yard. It is very private. Well, shall we just pull on some shorts and get on our way to the beach? I can't wait to hit the sand with you!" 

"Sure. Let's go!" replied Jane gladly.

When the women got to the beach they were delighted to find a secluded area all to themselves. They spread out a huge beach blanket so they could lay down together without getting sand on their skin. They set their bags down on either side of them and sprawled out to get comfortable after pulling off their shorts. As Patti slipped out of hers, Jane could not help but get aroused again at the sight of all the exposed flesh so close to her. The bikini cut up high on Patti's hips and exposed most of her crotch to full view because it was such a skimpy little bit of a thing. The top left nothing to the imagination either, showing off Patti's perfectly shaped breasts and all that honey brown skin from head to toe. Jane could feel the moisture between her legs accumulating as she looked at her old friend and was very happy for this chance to be alone with her. 

As the rhythmic pounding sound of the waves soothed their minds, Jane began to rub suntan lotion into her skin on the front of her body. It smelled pleasantly of coconut and mangoes and seemed good enough to eat. When she had finished doing her whole front, Jane asked Patti if she would please put lotion on her back since she couldn't reach and didn't want to burn her fair skin. Patti said she'd be happy to and moved over closer to Jane, taking the lotion bottle from her hand. 

As she began to spread the scented lotion on Jane's back, Patti untied the bows that held Jane's suit together so that she could get the sunscreen everywhere. At least that is why Jane thought she did it. Actually Patti was using the opportunity to happily get her hands on Jane at long last. She'd secretly wanted to touch her friend for years and was savoring the chance to get her hands all over her. She ran her hands down Jane's sides, brushing her finger tips against the edges of Jane's breasts. Jane could hardly keep from moaning and began to grind her pelvis into the hard sand beneath her cunt, trying to stimulate her clit. 

Patti couldn't help but notice what Jane was doing and understood immediately that she was getting turned on. She was delighted and encouraged to do more, so she began to apply lotion to Jane's long lean legs, first to the calves, massaging them vigorously and sensuously for long minutes before moving up to her thighs. With plenty of lotion of her hands, Patti began first with the left thigh and ran her hands all the way up to Jane's crotch, skimming her fingers against Jane's labia in a direct and blatant tease. 

Now both women knew what was going on and just to let Patti know she didn't want her to stop, Jane finally let out that long stifled moan of pleasure she'd been holding in all morning. Patti continued to massage Jane's left thigh, stroking up and down the length of her whole leg once in a while, ending with a swift caress of her pussy from behind. Then she did the right thigh with the same teasing, arousing movements that kept Jane purring. 

"That feels wonderful, Patti, don't stop, please," Jane told her friend as she rolled over onto her back with her feet on the blanket, knees up and spread wide apart in an open invitation to play with her wet pussy. Patti was delighted to take up the challenge, having made love to many women before. She began by inserting her middle finger into Jane's cunt and rubbing the inside of her vagina in and out slowing and methodically for a few minutes while massaging her clit with two fingers of her other hand. 

Patti carefully pulled back the skin around Jane's clitoris, exposing it out of its hood so she could get at it better. Licking her fingers, Patti began to rub Jane's exposed clit hard in little circles all around and on top of it, faster and faster. This had Jane breathing hard and groaning louder and louder in no time. She was getting closer and closer to an orgasm when suddenly Patti reached over to her beach bag and grabbed a long slim dildo. 

As the beach bag fell open, Jane could see that Patti had brought along several sex toys. Dildos and vibrators of various sizes. Jane was not a novice herself at sex toys and she immediately sense what Jane wanted to do with that long slim dildo so as Patti rubbed some lubricant on it, Jane got onto her hands and knees and moved so that her ass was right in Patti's face. Jane relaxed, ready for the dildo to enter her asshole. To her surprise though, Patti inserted two dildos into Jane's body at the same time. One larger on into her cunt and the slim one into her waiting ass. 

Jane gasped at the sensation of being doubly penetrated at the same moment and began to whimper with excitement. This encouraged Patti's desire to please her friend and she began to move both dildos in and out in a syncopated rhythm, first one in and then the other so they simultaneously were in opposition but both in constant motion. It was mesmerizing to Jane and she felt herself getting closer and closer to a huge orgasm. The big dildo in her cunt was rubbing her G spot and she could feel herself getting wetter and more excited by the second when suddenly Patti must have flicked a control switch on the anal dildo, turning it into a powerful vibrator. The vibrations went right through her, filling her whole body with a flood of pleasure and she very quickly felt the ache and tingles down her legs that told her she was about to come and come hard. 

Then Patti began to twirl the big dildo in Jane's cunt around in circles inside her and that pushed her over the edge. Jane began to scream out loud "I'm coming. I'm coming." Over and over she said it for what seemed like a whole minute of one long orgasm after another rolling on top of each other. When it was finally over, she collapsed down onto the blanket, hardly able to move. Having made her friend come had gotten Patti incredibly horny herself and she was dying for some action now.

Suddenly the two women realized that a tall good looking man, completely naked, was standing just a few feet away from then in the sand. He had been walking along the beach when he had heard Jane's screams of pleasure and had come over to investigate. The sight of the two women getting it on together had really turned him on and he wanted to join them in the worst way but didn't know how to politely suggest this without scaring them off. He found them both very attractive, both the tall redhead and the small blond with the small but perfect tits. He didn't really care which one of them he fucked, he just wanted to fuck one of them as soon as possible. 

His wish became an instant reality when with one glance between them, Jane and Patti looked at each other and wordlessly decided to include the stranger in their fun. Both women grabbed him and dragged him down onto the blanket and onto his back. Suddenly one woman was sucking his long cock, getting it big and hard in no time, while the other woman was instantly sitting on his face. He didn't know which woman was which at first it had happened so fast. 

All he could see was a wet bald pussy in his face. It smelled sweet and he began to lick the woman's pussy lips slowly and gently at first but she began to grind her cunt into his mouth, and telling him "Harder, faster," so he happily complied and began to lick her with intense flicks of the end of his tongue directly onto her engorged clit. She was so excited that her clit was sticking way out and was easy to see and play with with his tongue and lips. He sucked it up into his mouth and nibbled gently for a minute before going back to his licking. 

Suddenly he realized that this had to be the blond because the red head had been covered in scented oil and this woman didn't smell like lotion. All the while the stranger was eating Patti, Jane was sucking his cock which was now rock hard and seven inches long. It was thicker than her wrist and she couldn't stand it any longer, she had to have it inside her cunt. She sat on his cock and began to fuck him as hard as she could, up and down, pounding herself onto him as hard as she could. Though his mouth was busy with Patti's cunt, Jane could hear his guttural moans and groans. 

The two woman were facing each other and the man could hear them kissing. The smacking of their lips together was driving him crazy because he wished he could watch what they were doing but what was going on was so exciting he could hardly stand it. The woman were also playing with each other's tits, too, he could tell, because they kept telling each other things like, pinch harder, or more flicking on my right nipple. This was definitely the wildest sex he had ever had in his life and he couldn't believe his luck to be fucking two attractive women at the same time who were also getting it on with each other at the same time. What a trip!

Suddenly Patti just had to have a cock inside her and so the women agreed to switch places which they did in a fluid movement that took only seconds. Then Jane's cunt was on the man's face and it was Patti that was fucking his big thick hard cock, much to her delight. She was so aroused from all the foreplay that she didn't think she could hold out much longer. She wanted to come badly and began to rock back and forth against the stranger's crotch, rubbing her clit against him as she fucked him. 

The man was in a great musical rhythm of ramming his cock up into the one woman while he alternately licked the clit of the other. It all seemed to match and blend into the rhythm of the pounding waves behind them and all at once Patti began to scream that she was coming. Over and over she screamed the words as she came again and again in a series of intense spasming orgasms which immediately set off the stranger's impulse to cum as well. He grabbed a hold of the redhead's hips and tongued her as hard as he could as he shot what felt like a gallon of cum into the blonde's pussy. Immediately his ejaculate started to run back down out of the blonde's cunt and onto his legs. 

Hearing Patti cum and feeling the man's tongue on her clit so vigorously instantly sent Jane into another series of mind blowing orgasms herself and for a moment, all three of them were cuming at once before they fell into a heap on the blanket. Immediately, the exhausted man fell asleep, completely spent and satisfied. Very quietly, with careful movements so as to not disturb him, Jane and Patti pulled the blanket out from underneath him and gathered all their belongings and left him lying there by himself without a word.

An hour later, somewhat sunburned, the man woke up and looked around, surprised that the women were gone. He was sure it had all actually happened because there was a ton of his cum all over his thighs and crotch. Otherwise, it was as if it could have all been a very pleasant dream. As he washed himself off in the ocean, he thought to himself that he could never tell anybody this story or they would think he was the biggest liar on the face of the earth. Nobody would ever believe him!