 Jane was 18 when finally her Aunt remarried and sent to her to college hostel to live with her Uncle John who was the warden. When I first saw her I fell in love with her. She was a tall brunette with long hair and beautiful eyes. She had a shapely figure with huge breasts, which could not be hidden, under her loose sweater. Our college is an all boys' college and we were hot and horny. There were a few women teachers and their relatives who stayed at the hostel. Frankly we were sexually starved. 

I was a virgin and had never been with a woman before. My best friends, Roger, Paul and Tom were sexually experienced having spent a part of their considerable wealth at the town whorehouse a mile or so from our College hostel but I was a bit of a romantic. In the locker room I knew I was well endowed as my cock was a lot larger than my friends but I had not met the woman of my dreams till I saw Jane that winter afternoon looking forlorn. I was too shy to speak to her but she figured frequently in my dreams.

My dreams were shattered one day when I Paul boasted to us that he had fucked Jane. I was horrified and shaken and than aghast when Paul said that Jane wanted to fuck us all and that she was coming to the shower stall in the evening after our football session. I told them that I wanted none of it and I was angry with myself as well as Jane. How could she be such a slut?

The rest of them shrugged me off as a loser and left me alone as I mopped around. Football was a disaster and my friends left me alone on the pitch as they rushed to the shower. I felt sick and I walked towards the shower quite sure that it was all a trick played by Paul. I was sure that Jane would not show up. Roger, Paul and Tom were waiting in the shower room naked when finally she stepped in. 

She was in a sleeveless dress and as she raised her arms to tie her long black hair her unshaven armpits became visible. I had a fetish for underarm hair but I have never seen a woman with so much jet-black hair in her bushy armpits. Roger let out a whistle as his swelling erection became hard. "Gosh Jane you have more hair in your armpits than the three of us put together; if Ted was here he would have gone crazy as he just loves hirsute women". 

Ted was me also known as Edward the idiot, which anyone could have called me, as I had not known that the woman of my dreams had the furriest pits ever on a woman. The hair in her armpits were tumbling down and just looking at the thick lush carpet of hair made my 10 inches stand to erection.

She moved the straps of her summer dress over her shoulders and it glided down to the wet floor. She wore a bra and panty below. Slowly she moved her hands down her body, over her breasts and hips, down to her crotch. The thick crisp hair, which guarded her pussy, clearly showed from the sides of her panty. She was a real jungle baby. Then she unhooked her bra, took it off and threw it to Tom. Jane's nipples were hard already and she massaged her tits for a short time, before she finally stripped down her panty to show her big, dark black bush of pubic hair below.

She reached out and took some soap and started soaping her body. She raised her arms and started soaping her hairy armpits. The whiteness of her skin and the soap in the jungle of her jet-black bushy armpits was too much for e as I slipped down my shorts and started jerking my huge prick. She was soaping her body very slowly, massaging her fine breasts and touching her black pubic bush. Roger, Tom and Paul were mesmerized as much as I was watching with their mouths open and their cocks standing rock hard. The mixture of her sultriness and hirsuteness was too much for me as I jerked my cock vigorously 

I heard Roger waving his cock and screaming, "Suck my cock, you fucking hairy whore." She licked her lips and dipped her head as she licked Roger's hard cock as Tom the football star and my best friend knelt behind her and crouched his huge frame over her tiny lithe body. She looked so sexy, sandwiched between these two studs. Jane greedily closed her lips over his thick hard cock and took him deep into her mouth as Roger pushed down on the back of her head. I felt torn as I so wanted to fuck but I also wanted to watch my sweet Jane used by three friends. I glanced down at Tom, as did Jane who I am sure realized that his cock was in proportion to the rest of him, huge and poised between Jane's hairy pussy lips. Paul in the meanwhile was stroking her huge breasts and feeling the thick growth in her unshaven pits.

Tom ran the tip of his rock solid cock across her wet bushy pussy and began to slowly thrust. For a moment she held her breath as a few inches slipped smoothly inside her body and then she gasped out loud as, with a rough thrust, he buried himself inside her hairy cunt. I saw Jane's eyes widen as Roger moved his cock back in front of her mouth, she licked her lips and wrapped her soft red lips around his monster cock. She glanced over to me and caught me pulling furiously at my cock as I looked at her being impaled by these three guys. I could see she was lost in the pleasure as she moaned, shut her eyes and cum again. 

Jane gasped again as he slid into her wet channel up to the hilt. He eyes were tight shut as Tom began to fuck her with long frantic strokes. Paul kept feeling her massive breasts and her furry pits, as her bushy wet pussy took a vicious pounding. "Hhhhhh! I'm cumming, oh fuck!" She moaned as Roger withdrew his massive weapon from her mouth. "Come on baby, I want to fuck you doggie style now" Roger said getting onto the floor with her. 

As Roger fucked Jane doggie-style, I saw her pink asshole as she flexed her hips to caress his cock with her cunt muscles. I could see that she had a lot of coarse hair in her asshole and her pussy hair looked gorgeous from behind. Roger pushed his finger into her anus and Jane gave a little spasm as she felt his finger penetrate her ass. 

Meanwhile Paul was gathering Jane's attention by pushing his huge prick near her vacant mouth. She began to massage his balls with one hand while ever so slowly jerking his rigid shaft with the other. She looked up at him again with the pre-cum stringing a few inches from his dick to her tongue. "Ahhhhh I have never seen anyone with so much hair in her armpits ahhhhhhh" he roared. She smiled to see him enjoying it, and then went back to work, licking and kissing and sucking on his head, coaxing her tongue into the hole, all around the rim of its base, sucking with that warm and eager mouth of hers, licking up and down the shaft, from the base to the tip. "Oh, baby, you like my underarm hair. Am I the most hairy woman you have ever seen?" She whispered into his pubes but loud enough for me to hear. She was talking to him but I could hear it all as I started beating my meat hard as I saw the thick jungle of hair in her armpits bunching with sweat and the glistening jet-black hair was such an invitation as I inched forward towards her with my swollen penis in my hand.

Tom was fucking her furiously while Roger had entered her anus and Paul was fucking her mouth. With my penis in my hand Jane Hair was...