 Thanks to Akiann for editorial support.

*****

All the while Angie had laid back on the couch content to let me have my way with them. Julie meanwhile was leaning behind her on the couch, keeping her steady. 

But I did not rest for long. On instinct I wanted to press every part of my body against the tits. I began again with my face, but this time without the desperate frenzy, pressing and holding my nose and mouth and cheeks and ears against them one by one. I held my neck and chest and shoulders and arms against her wonderful rack. Julie realised what I was trying to do and took hold of the tits and moved Angie into the best position to receive the adoration of every part of me. She was careful to press the tits against my stomach and back and bum. She pressed them against my hard cock, but instinctively knew not to rub them against it for fear that I might come. Then Julie pressed the outstretched tits against my balls and thighs, knees and ankles and feet. 

By this time I was on my back and Julie had moved Angie so that her tits were dangling down upon me. It was a beautiful sight to behold, and I knew that I needed to rub my dick on them and between them soon. But first, acting on instinct again, I wanted to go back and touch them one more time with every part of my body. But this time I wanted to pass myself between them. I wanted to push every part of myself through the great canyon which formed such an inviting gap between the two tits. This time I started with my feet, one at a time. And now almost immediately both women understood what I was doing. Julie wrapped the dangling tits around each foot, holding them there until I was ready to move on. She wrapped them round my ankles, knees, thighs. It was slow and sensual as we all established a lingering, deliberate, methodical pace. I eased each part of myself into their space and felt myself engulfed by their soft embrace.

I turned her over and presented my balls first, and then my cock, and Julie was careful to hold them in there between the tits making sure there was not too much rubbing. But it felt heavenly and I knew that I would soon need to return and thrust myself deeply between them without a care in the world.

At last my arms and hands, my neck and chin, nose and ears and head had all passed through the embrace of those tits and I felt like a man refreshed. I felt I had lost myself inside her chasm and emerged as a man renewed. 

Now I wanted to swap roles with Julie. I wanted to hold the tits to press all over her, and then to pass each part of her body through the gap between them. I held the two tits reverently like a priest, handling sacred things and administering them to a supplicant. It felt like an essential initiation rite and it was wonderful to be holding the two bodies together. Angie and Julie kissed deeply as I brought their four tits together. I carefully introduced their nipples to each other, and knew that they would need to explore each other much more over the evening. My only sadness was that Julie's labia were not yet extended, so I couldn't pass these also between the tits. 

This whole act of worship had taken well over an hour. Throughout the whole time Angie had been passive, allowing me and Julie to lead her. At the end she looked radiant and I was reluctant to break the spell, however much I was desperate to get my cock thrusting between those glorious tits.

But it was Angie who made the next move. She seemed to awaken from a daze and said 'Now I want that cock!'

I admit I had gone rather limp, but she took me in her mouth and began to bring me back to life. She placed her lips around my hood and circled the rim with her tongue. She held the shaft and started to drag the skin up and down, feeding more of the cock into her mouth, until she had the whole shaft inside. It felt warm and wet and surrounded by her. After just a few strokes I began to breathe heavily, and as soon as she was satisfied that it was fully erect, she took my cock out of her mouth before I could get too excited. She had her own plans for it.

She laid back on the couch and pulled me to her. She opened wide her legs revealing a pussy drenched and dripping with her own juices. I would have liked to taste her, but she was determined to take me straight inside and with a single thrust I was drawn into her warm pussy grasp right up to the hilt. I gave her just four or five deep long thrusts, and was just beginning to get into my stride, when to my amazement she came to a massive and very loud, shuddering climax. She screamed out a great primordial groan of satisfaction and writhed in spasms as something deep within her responded to the attention she had been receiving.

My cock was clamped inside her as her great orgasm unfolded and the muscles of her cunt contracted wildly. I held onto her body as it bucked and the waves of the orgasm flowed through her. Finally she came to rest, exhausted and replete.

I didn't want to disturb her afterglow, but I needed to empty my balls which were now full of molten lust. I would like to give more attention to that pussy, but it would have to wait. I had to fuck those tits. No sooner had I registered this thought than she read my mind.

'I know where you really want to cum'

She held her tits together and motioned for me to go for it. I pulled out of her cunt, its rich juices slavered all over my cock, and dived into those tits. I rammed straight into them, the helmet reaching right up between the tits with the very first stroke. She wrapped them round my aching rod. There was so much cunny juice on my cock I could see and hear it splashing against the flesh of the tits as they engulfed me. I could feel my balls thrashing against her chest, and hear them slap on her skin. I could smell the musty rich cocktail of her sex, my pre-cum and our joint sweat. 

With each thrust I pulled right out beneath the tits, and forced my way through them so that the helmet kept on leaping out at the top and reaching up to her neck. For a time I held the tits for myself. I twisted them around my cock and kept on pummelling her rack. When I let go she took hold of them again and squeezed them onto me.

I could feel the pressure building up and growing within me. I groaned as I rammed the cock home for the last few times, and then the hot white spunk began to spurt out in great thick jets. It spurted on her neck, her tits, and between her tits. I couldn't remember the last time I had produced so much and felt a great release and a deep satisfaction as it came out. I left the cock there between the tits as it began to shrink rubbing it in the spunk, spreading it around her tits, between them, onto the nipples and underneath. I took hold of the beautiful tits again with my hands and rubbed the cum juice on them and around them. I was happy to play, and so was she, accepting the sticky jell as I spread it over her with my cock and my hands. Julie joined in now, licking at the spunk where is lay on Angie's tits and on my cock and further spreading it around her body.

Now we lay down together, exhausted. All three of us cuddled together on the couch.

I began to feel that Julie was not having as much attention as she needed, but after our rest she jumped up to make a snack, pour some wine and we laughed again as we shared our stories and got to know each other.