 I will begin my senior year at State College in one week. My three to eleven p.m. job at one of the local motels in my home town for the past three months is earning money towards the tuition for my final undergraduate year. I was twenty in late June, finally leaving those teenage years and becoming a twenty something at last. My job is working the front desk, so I have to check guests in and out; act as gofer to the guests for such things as extra towels, blankets, ice buckets, etc.; program wake up calls on demand; and answer angry parent calls with words to the effect that, no, I am sorry, but I can not tell you if so and so has a room here or not. But I enjoy the job and observing the people. The name on my motel pocket badge is Jane; "ready to serve your needs" is the motto underneath the name. I hate that motto, by the way, because I get teased incessantly about it, especially by horny (or not) males.

It has been a busy and eventful summer job, but last night topped everything! For a weekend in the busy season in late summer, the night had been unusually slow, the next thing to downright dead, as far as business went. Then, about eight thirty, this gorgeous young couple came in, looking for a room. They both wore T-shirts with words and symbols of State College emblazoned upon them and shorts. Her shorts were really short and tight. But then, so was her T-- tight, that is, and navel revealing.

Well, their State College connection immediately led to a discussion as I told them I would be a senior there next week. They said they would also start their senior year at the same time! They were from clear down at the other end of the sate and were headed to school early because they both had jobs at school that started before classes did. I said that I knew it was awfully late, but I was still looking for a place to stay. Their answer was, well, good luck finding a place, you'll really need it!

I mentioned that this was a gorgeous couple. They are both blondes with hazel brown eyes. His hair, (Mike) is moderately long and naturally curly. Hers, (Cindy) is long, down to her shoulders, and just gleaming. They both have athletically fit and toned bodies. Mike could easily pass for a Greek god of mythology and Cindy could easily pass herself off as a Penthouse model. She is a very tall and statuesque with an "abundant" chest that is all natural. Cindy is long waisted with long, slender legs and a very shapely butt.

Not that I am any slouch in the looks department, if I do say so myself. I am five feet, six inches tall and weigh 115 pounds. I am a modest 33B in the boob department. Also, I am very long waisted with long legs and a tight ass. I am a flaming, natural redhead, top and bottom. My pussy, however, is shaved except for a hair line landing strip about three inches long. I posses moderately long arms with very long, piano player type fingers. And I do like to "play" with them, if given the right instrument!

Mike and Cindy had requested a Jacuzzi room for the night and I gave them the one three quarters of the way down the first floor hall and at a generous discount, both because I had a lot of rooms to rent and because they were fellow students at State. With registration completed, they walked off to their room, arms around each other and carrying a small, overnight case. As I watched them on the closed circuit TV surveillance monitor, Mike's hand dropped to Cindy's butt and began rubbing her butt crack, digging at her pussy. Cindy leaned over and nibbled at Mike's ear.

Not much more than fifteen minutes later, Cindy came back to the desk. She said, " It looks like an awfully slow night for you and I need to find something to do. Mike just has to watch Sunday night football, and I usually indulge him, so I thought maybe you could use some company."

"God yes," I replied.

There followed a good hour and a half or more of conversation about State College, which was only interrupted once to register another guest. We were almost at once at ease and comfortable with each other and I sensed the beginnings of a close friendship developing. At this point, the talk turned to men and sex. We talked about what men like and what women like, getting ever more explicit. Eventually, Cindy confided that she had been living with Mike the past two years at school. She was deeply in love with him and she thought he was with her. She said he was well hung and very, very, good in bed. Then she really stunned me!

Cindy said, "We really are into threesomes. Sometimes Mike has a buddy join us and sometimes I have a girlfriend join us. Mike told me when we got to the room that he liked what he saw in you, and so do I, very much so. Would you be interested in joining us tonight?" My face turned bright crimson! 

I said, "Cindy, I am not a virgin, but nearly so. I have been to bed with a guy only once. That was the football captain my senior year in high school. That was such a disaster, I have avoided any similar relationship since that time. My major course of study at State is so demanding, I don't have time for any relationships anyway."

"Well," said Cindy, "I can sympathize with that, but I really do wish you would join us. Mike is so gentle and understanding, I think you would have an outstanding experience, if not in fact a sexual revelation! And I would love to show you how to make love with a woman." 

I replied, "I have just under an hour left on my shift. I'll think about it. If I decide to join you, I will call your room and let you know." 

Cindy replied, "I know Mike wants to see you, but I want you to stay even more than he does. I think you are very beautiful." With that, Cindy walked off back to their room.

That final hour of the shift just flew by as I tried to make up my mind what to do. I told Cindy the truth, I had not had a relationship with a man for over three years. I barely dated. That did not mean I lacked for sexual desire. To the contrary, I exploded into puberty very early and I discovered almost immediately that I had a full blown sex drive. But, I was too shy and scared to do more than kiss before the football captain and after him, I just did not trust men any more. My fingers and my ten inch dildo were my "men," that satisfied my raging sex drive. That high school football captain was so inept that he never even got my cherry. I had to do that myself with Mr. Long John, my dildo! I really was getting starved for the real thing. And, I really did like Cindy. Maybe Mike would be ok also.

It was ten past eleven by the time I made the shift turn over to my relief when I picked up the phone, my decision made, to call Cindy to tell her I would bring down those extra towels she had requested. (This for the benefit of my relief clerk). I clocked out and went down the hall. The laundry room was on the way to Cindy's room, so I picked up three extra bath towels and then walked down to Mike and Cindy's room and knocked. "Desk clerk with your towels," I said.

Mike, barefoot and dressed in a robe, and with a wide smile, opened the door. He reached for my hand, bent towards it, and kissed it. Mike than gently led me into the room. Cindy was sitting in a chair at the small table, also barefoot and dressed in a robe. I was pretty sure neither of them had anything on under those robes. I was modestly dressed (for the job) in dark slacks, a light colored blouse, and dark shoes. 

But already, erotic thoughts and anticipation had my nipples poking and rubbing hard through a thin, shear bra, into that blouse, causing immediate erection. This was very visible to anyone glancing at my chest, and both of them were definitely looking! I could also feel a wet spot developing in my thong. It has been a very long time since these kinds of erotic feelings and reactions have been aroused in me outside of my bedroom masturbatory sessions. It all felt damned good!

Cindy rose and walked over to me and gave me a tight hug which she continued to hold as she said, "Oh Jane, I am so very glad you decided to stay!" She promptly began to nuzzle my neck and nibble my ear. She also reached one hand between us and began to massage my boobs. My nipples got even more stiff and hard at her touch. After about five minutes of this and my full surrender to her actions, Cindy's hand dropped all the way down to my crotch. She went all the way between my legs and rubbed my pussy vigorously. The wet spot that had begun earlier now enlarged significantly. 

Looking over Cindy's shoulder, I could see that Mike had seated himself in one of the chairs. His robe had slipped open and he was ever so slowly stroking what must have been at least a ten inch, uncut and very fat cock at full erection while he observed the girl/girl action in front of him. I had been right, he did not have anything on under that robe. That big fuck stick was already leaking pre cum!

Cindy stopped caressing and began to peel my clothes off. First, she slowly undid the blouse buttons and then slowly and tenderly, slipped it off my shoulders and down my arms to drop it on the floor. My tits were clearly displayed thru my shear bra with the nipples nearly tearing through the thin cloth, they were so hard and erect! She then stooped slightly to kiss my hard nipples through my bra before it was slowly unhooked and removed. Once again Cindy stooped to kiss my now naked and exposed nipples. I think they even twitched in anticipation! Cindy licked and sucked on them for a couple of minutes. My thong was now completely soaked.

Next Cindy whispered for me to step out of my shoes and anklets. I was by now shaking with sexual desire and anticipation. My pussy was flooding my thong and wetting my slacks in a really big circle. Cindy loosened the waist of those slacks and started sliding them down. She was kissing the skin exposed as the slacks went slowly down. My pelvis had begun that timeless motion of eros, a slow undulation that was sure to quicken under Cindy's delicate touch. The slacks dropped to the floor and Cindy was kissing my pussy through the sopping wet thong. And, sure enough, the undulation increased in tempo!

Cindy said, "Oh God, Jane, you smell and taste so damned good!" She then just ripped the thong completely off and buried her mouth in my pussy. Through my sexual haze, I noticed that Mike's robe was now fully open and he was pumping his fuck stick much faster. His eyes appeared to be slightly glazed in lust. Cindy dug her hands into my ass and pulled me tight into her face. I grabbed the back of Cindy's head and pulled on her too. She nearly choked for a moment there.

Cindy came up for air and stood while she allowed her robe to also drop to the floor. With no further encouragement, I immediately reached one hand for her heavy boobs and one for her pussy. I began kissing her all over as well. We sort of drifted over to and fell on the bed and just lay there looking at each other for a little bit. The calm before the storm. Looking deep into each other's eyes, I think we were both amazed at the depth of the feelings we had developed for each other already. We both recognized at that moment, that this would not be a one time encounter. A couple of quiet minutes went by. Mike was pumping himself slowly again, still just watching his two naked women.

Cindy and I gave each other a barely perceptible nod that said, unspoken, let's heat this up again and then slowly positioned ourselves into a 69 position with our legs spread wide. As far as we two were concerned, Mike did not even exist at that moment. He said later he just watched us in utter amazement and slowed his jacking off to a crawl so as not to cum for as long as possible. 

Meanwhile, Cindy and I began to give each other quite a pussy tonguing. It was slow, succulent, and wet. Licking and kissing the outer cunt lips led to a tongue wash of each other's slit. There soon followed a licking and nuzzling of clits that set us both afire. I cried, " Oh my God, Cindy, don't stop! don't stop! But she did stop! She reached over the edge of the bed and into her bag of toys and brought up--a long, double ended dildo. Cindy motioned for me to sit up and we scooted together, crossing our legs. Cindy took one end of the dildo and played it up and down my pussy, lubricating it before she began to slowly insert the fake fuck stick into my pussy canal.

I picked up the other end and returned the favor. I was humping my end of the dildo while trying to get the other end into Cindy. I finally accomplished my task and we began pumping away with only a very small portion of the dong exposed between our two pussies. The bed was shaking with our wild humping. Cindy reached a hand for my clit about the same time I reached for hers. This mutual clit play, added to the dildo humping, was the match to the fuse. Finally, this produced such thrusting and bucking that we could no longer hold back and the lit fuse exploded in an ecstasy of moans, groans, shrieks, shudders, and pussy juice, that I do not see how anyone in the rooms around and above us could still be asleep! Mike also could no longer stand the sexual tension and had risen, dropped his robe, and walked over to the bed to shoot his wad of cock cream all over Cindy as she was the one on top at that moment. He managed to get some of that jism between us and on my tits.

Cindy just collapsed on top of me and Mike just sort of wilted into sitting down on the edge of the bed to slowly start rubbing his cream all over Cindy and me, massaging pussies and boobs in the process. His touch too, was light and tender. We stayed like that for maybe ten minutes before Mike finally said, "It won't be much longer before I will be recharged and ready again. I really would like you to feel my dick in your pussy, Jane."

With Mike's jism beginning to dry on us, Cindy and I untangled ourselves and got off the bed. Cindy led me over in front of Mike and told me to kneel down. Mike stood up and Cindy, kneeling with me, began to lick his cock. I was hesitant, and just watched. Cindy stopped licking and said to me, "Jane, don't be afraid," and took my head in her two hands and gently guided me to Mike's fuck stick. "Lick the side of his cock, Jane," she said. I still hesitated.

Cindy then used one hand to guide Mike's cock head to my lips and began to rub it from side to side across my closed lips. My God, it was so soft and velvety, and, it was once again oozing cock juice. My tongue inched out to lick my lips and brushed that cock bulb in the process. Suddenly, my mouth opened and gulped in the head of that big dick! My tongue was rolling over it and I began to swallow more and more of that big monster. Mike let out a loud groan. His dick pulsed harder and jerked some in my mouth.

I backed off and began to lick one side of that dick while Cindy licked the other side. Our noses would drop all the way into Mikes pubes and then we would lick up to the tip of his cock only to meet and kiss each other over the end of that big dick. We each had a hold of one of Mike's balls and were playing with them while we licked. On one of our down licks, we each mouthed a ball. I definitely had been missing something in my life!! Old Mr. Long John the dildo could not hold a candle to this, the real thing, all ten pulsing and stiff inches of it!

Mike had been stroking our hair and pulling our heads close and tight. Now he said, "Jane, stand up." When I did, he reached a hand between my legs and began to massage my pussy, getting some fingers in my love tunnel and hitting my G-Spot right away. I was pushing my pussy up and down and into his fingers to meet his motions. Mike withdrew his fingers and replaced them with his cock. 

I spread my legs and he put his cock head on my clit. Mike slowly moved his cock up and down my slit. He soaked that fuck stick in my heavy flow of pussy juice as he sunk ever deeper into my slit. Then, as he found the entrance to my love tunnel, I jumped my legs up around his waist and sunk to his balls on his cock. Mike and I then humped away faster and faster with my back up against the wall. I wondered if we were waking the guest in the next room with our pounding! After some time humping like this, Mike pulled me in so tight with his hands on my butt that he stopped our humping. He just held me with my back flattened against that wall. Then Mike said, "We need to get Cindy involved again." He put me down, backed out me, and led me to the bed. He said, "I will lay down and I want you to sit your back door on me with your back to me." 

I said, "I really don't know about this, I am afraid to do that. I don't think I really want to." 

Cindy came over to me and said, "Come on Jane, I will help you. It is a whole new and pleasurable experience for you" With a lot more coaxing, Cindy got me in position on my knees straddled over Mike and told me to hold still a minute. Using pussy juice and cock cream still dripping from my pussy, Cindy added more lubrication to Mike's already cream smeared cock and my butt hole. Then she helped guide me down onto that throbbing and still mightily erect dong. I inched my way slowly downward. At first, my virgin poop chute cried out in pain, real pain, and I stopped. Cindy cooed reassurances at me and helped me ease down some more until I finally sunk balls deep on him again. All movement stopped as I digested these new feelings. That big fuck stick began swelling and pulsing, filling my channel even more full and tight.

Mike began to lift his hips and thrust and I began to meet those thrusts. Pleasurable sensations replaced the pain and I began to really enjoy my first ever butt fuck. The bed suddenly sunk some more as Cindy climbed on in front of me. She lay down and began to lick both my pussy and what she could reach of Mike's cock as we fucked. Cindy leaned over the edge of the bead and out of the small overnight bag came a huge dildo even bigger than Mike's big fuck stick. Cindy rubbed the dildo up and down my slit to lubricate it. sending erotic sensations into my core like electric shocks. The only thing better would have been the real thing. Then she positioned the dildo at the entrance to my love canal and began to push it slowly in. Finally all the way in, she began to thrust that fake man meat in and out of me in rhythm with Mike's thrusts in my butt. 

Then Cindy reached her mouth above the fully inserted dildo and took my clit in her mouth, After sucking on it for a bit, she began to bite my clit and stretch it out with her teeth only to let it snap back. I screamed, "I can't hold back any more! I'm cumming! I'M CUMMMMMMING, OHHHHHH, SHIIIIT!! On the fourth snap, I did cum! I lost it completely! I let out a banshee scream and then moaned. I have never cum so hard or sprayed so much pussy juice in my life. Cindy pulled the dildo out with a loud plopping sound and suddenly, she looked as if someone had thrown a huge tumbler of water in her face! Pussy juice was running and dripping like Niagara Falls down her face. Then Mike shot his wad, four huge squirts into my back door.

I collapsed backward onto Mike and just lay there with his cock still rigid in my backside. Cindy crawled up on me to leak her new contribution of pussy juice on me as she slowly and distractedly rubbed my tits with her hands. Mike had one hand between Cindy and me and was distractedly playing with one pussy and then the other. We were all sated and content. And we hadn't even got to the jacuzzi yet! But that did not last long. Mike said, "I will need some time, now, to recharge. Why don't we all climb into the hot tub and relax a while as I do that?"

Cindy and I chimed back in unison, "That sounds like a great idea!" I continued, "I really need to soak a bit and get some kinks out before the next round."

"Ditto," said Cindy. So, we all three climbed into the tub, a tub big enough for four people. We girls sat on either side of Mike with our inside arm around him. For ten minutes or so, we just sat, luxuriating in the warm and roiling water streaming from the upper and lower jets. I think my arm made the first move as I dropped my hand to Mikes cock and began to slowly stroke it. The warm waters had already partially revived his cock to about half mast, so he did not need much stroking to bring him back to full erection. 
