 It was early in the morning and Dave was already getting dressed. Janet rolled over and wondered, should she get up and get him breakfast? She lay there a moment, did she love him enough to get up at six-thirty to get his breakfast? It wasn't love, it was duty. Two years ago, when they got married, she didn't love him, but he'd showered her with his wealth and she'd thought love would grow, but it hadn't. She was used to him and enjoyed his company, he was a very nice friend and she was used to living well and enjoying good things, but no, it wasn't love.

The sex wasn't bad, but not as exciting as she'd enjoyed before marriage with other men, although there hadn't been many. Lets see, now, Ron, Don, Charlie – Ah, Charlie was a fun guy, no money, no prospects, but lots of fun. She distinctly remembered one evening at a party, a group from the apartment building where she lived. She'd invited Charlie who'd brought brownies laced with pot. After everyone got pretty high, she'd gone out on the balcony where there was a group, some smoking pot, and she'd started necking with a guy she didn't know, and she'd shed her panties and like most of the others women was now topless. While still kissing, really deep tongue kissing, Charlie had come up behind her and stuck his fingers in her. He was really getting her there, and she spread her legs apart for him while still standing kissing another man. She had an orgasm and nearly bit the guy's tongue off. 

Now David wants me to have his baby, so she stopped taking the pill. Let's see what happens, she thought. I'll get his breakfast.

"Oh Jan, you didn't have to get my breakfast." Dave said as he came down. He loved that she did things like that, and it made him love her even more. He was so lucky to have married a younger woman, she was just twenty-five when they'd got married two years ago, whereas he was thirty-nine. With her long blond hair and stunning figure she looked just as good, maybe better, than she had then.

Janet made him an omelet with a little onion and cheese, toast and coffee, it was delicious. He dug right in. He had to get up to the city by nine but he had a couple of men coming to build a brick retaining wall below the deck. Janet could check the work and they'd bill him.

"Remember Jan, about the guys and building the wall?" He asked her as she sat with him sipping coffee.

"Oh yeah, and they don't speak much English, right? Spanish, they're Latino, Mexican is it?"

"I don't know, but they are Hispanic, and the father speaks good English." He got up and got ready to leave.

She watched as he went out the door. He was a good looking man at forty, she just wished she had more feeling for him. She went upstairs and got dressed in a denim mini with stockings and a flowered blouse. She was going to have to go into town to do some shopping while the men built the wall, but she'd be back by lunch. She loved living out in the country with no other houses around, but there were some disadvantages, one of them being shopping, having to drive so far.

The workers arrived early, a father and two sons, eighteen and twenty-one. The idea was that he'd tell them what to do, then leave them to it. After he'd left Jan went out on the deck to check the weather. The two men looked up at her, the deck was above where they were working and they had a good view of her legs. She wondered if they could see up her skirt, and the thought of it turned her on. She went down to the garage, got in the car and left giving them a wave on her way out.

She was back about noon, had lunch and did some of those "fucking housekeeping chores", and about four o'clock looked around to see what else to do. Ah yes, those handsome young lads working in the sun, she wondered how the wall was coming. She grabbed a beer and went out on the deck and sat on the bench by the picnic table. They were actually finishing up, just putting the finishing touches on the top run of bricks. In the heat she was already starting to get a bit of a buzz from the beer. She'd brought the newspaper out with her and as she sat there she thought she'd give the boys a bit of a tease, so, still looking at the newspaper, she opened her knees a little while she surreptitiously watched their reaction.

The younger boy looked up and gave her a double-take, then nudged his brother. They both looked at her, smiled at each other and, though she couldn't see his hand because it was behind the wall, he appeared to rub his crotch.

"Too bad I wore panties," Janet said to herself, "that would really set them off. Maybe I should take them off now – no that would be too obvious and might get me raped." But she did spread her legs a little wider.

The older boy's cell phone rang and he was having a lengthy chat with someone. He climbed the steps to where Janet sat at the picnic table and tried to explain in broken English that their father wouldn't be able to pick them up until six o'clock, another two hours.

"Okay, would you like to sit here with me and drink a beer?" She asked, realizing that they didn't understand. Then simply "Beer?" and held up the bottle, and when they both nodded she went and got them each a beer from the refrigerator.

She handed them each a bottle and sat down on the bench, while the two boys, who had been standing, sat, one on either side of her. They tried to make conversation, about how hot it was, and how nice the wall looked and so on, until Jose, the older man, pulled a marijuana joint out of his pocket.

"You like smoke?" He asked her.

"Oh yes," She replied, at last, something to break the ice.

He lit the joint and passed it to her. She took a drag and passed it to the younger man, who she discovered was named Roberto. After he took a drag he passed it back to her, and she to Jose and so on. This way, of course, she was getting twice as much as the two men and was getting pretty high pretty quickly, and things were starting to get hazy.

She didn't notice, at first, when Jose put his hand on her knee, but she did notice it when the other boy, Roberto cupped her breast and said, "You nice titty."

"Thank you, but you shouldn't touch me there." She smiled at him as she said it and when he seemed abashed she gave him a gentle kiss. "But that's okay, you didn't know it was wrong." Why she said that she had no idea. Of course he knew it was wrong, and the kiss just encouraged him. He still had his hand on her breast.

She carefully removed his hand from her breast, even though it felt rather nice. "No, I don't want you to do that, please don't."

On her other side, meanwhile, Jose's hand was now halfway up her thigh. "Jose, what you are doing is very naughty, what would your father say?" God she was feeling good. And she put her hand over his to stop it going any farther. "you two boys are both behaving badly, if you don't stop I'm going to have to go inside."

But Jose pushed her hand aside until he was nearly touching her panties. She turned her head to tell him to stop but before she could say anything his mouth was on hers, kissing her hard, forcing his tongue between her lips. She tasted garlic, but the feel of his tongue exploring her mouth was getting to her, making her hot. She knew she had to stop this but was enjoying it too much.

The joint went around again while Janet held his hand on her thigh so that it wouldn't go farther, but she was so busy preventing that happening she didn't notice the younger man unbuttoning her blouse. She sat with her eyes closed until she felt a cool breeze on her chest and enjoyed it. She had a bra on, though so it was alright, she thought, she was covered. She took the blouse all the way off and put it on the table. That felt much better.

"Jose, please stop. I know what you want but I'm a married woman. You must stop." she blurted out, knowing that Jose could not understand her.

She noticed a big brown van coming up the long driveway. It was a delivery service van bringing a package for her husband. The driver enjoyed coming to her house, even though it was a long trip, because he often caught her by surprise. Once she was naked, sunbathing and another time she had stepped out on the deck to take a package in just her underwear. This time she was sitting at the picnic table on the deck with two men. As he got closer he realized they were both much younger than her.

He climbed the steps to hand her the package and saw that she was just wearing a bra. She told him to put the package by the front door and he saw that one of the men had his hand up her skirt.

He was worried, "Are you alright?" he asked.

"Oh yes," she beamed, "I have these two young men to look after me."

He was getting an erection as he drove up the next drive way. The houses were very sparse out here, and there was no-one home next-door, so he parked the truck on the hill at the top of the drive and took out the binoculars which he kept in the truck to look at birds when he was out in the country making deliveries. He walked over toward the other house, and looking down from behind a tree and some shrubs he could easily see the three figures sitting on the deck at the other house, but they couldn't see him. It was so quiet he could even hear what they were saying.

"You give blow job?" The older man asked her as he leaned back and unzipped his pants. He pulled out his hard penis.

"Jose! No! Of course not." She put her hand on his erection, pushing it away. "You have to stop, please stop."

Instead of stopping he put his hand on the back of her head and pulled her head down into his lap. The pre-cum smeared her lips as she struggled against his grip. She succeeded in sitting up again, only to be met by his mouth on hers, kissing, kissing. She couldn't help but respond, returning his ardent kisses.

In all this her hand was still on his erect cock, and now instead of pushing it away she was holding it, in fact gently caressing it. Roberto was sitting on the other side of her. He too had an erection and was enjoying watching his brother. He noticed Janet's bra was still on, so while she was busy fending off his brother he carefully undid the clasp at the back. The bra fell off and her fine breasts fell free. He reached around under her arms to hold a tit in each hand and started to fondle her nipples.

Janet managed to free herself again. This was getting to be way too much. She had to stop it, although she was enjoying all the kissing, but she realized she was still holding Jose's cock and Roberto was holding one of her breasts. She let go of the cock in her right hand and with the other hand loosened the hand holding her tit, but Jose's hand was now all the way up between her thighs.

"Listen, Jose, Roberto. I don't want to do what you want. My husband will be home soon – (a lie, he wouldn't be home until late) – I'm going to go in now. I will not let you, either of you, fuck me." Oh God, what had she said? She'd tried to keep it all neutral, but she'd said "fuck". They all knew what this was all about, but now she'd said it. If only she hadn't let them see up her skirt this never would have happened.

All Jose had heard while she was talking was "fuck". She wanted to fuck? His hand was under her skirt feeling around the edge of her panties and his fingers felt pubic hair. She turned her head to him and his mouth was on hers again, kissing her deeply, their tongues meeting, touching, exploring each others mouths. Janet couldn't help herself, but moved her legs apart a little while Jose's fingers found their mark through that mound of hair, her soft labia. She sighed.

On the other side of her Janet felt Roberto's hand on her breasts again, fondling, rolling the nipples with his fingers and pinching them. He understood what she'd said better than his brother, she didn't want to fuck, but seeing them going at it again he was taking advantage and enjoying what he was doing with these lovely tits. 

Up on the hill the driver could wait no longer or he'd be late. He had his cock out and started to masturbate. He knew that she was going to fuck at least one of the men but couldn't wait for it to happen. He was soon rewarded as he felt the heat rising from his balls and shot a load into the shrubbery. Oh so good! He stood for a moment still grasping his shrinking meat, then licking the slime off his fingers wiped the rest off on his handkerchief and got back in the truck.

Janet moved her leg over to the other side of the bench so that she was straddling it and as Jose's fingers penetrated her she fell back until she was lying along it, spreading her legs wide for him. Roberto was pushed back, but he too straddled the bench so that her head was lying between his legs, leaning on his cock. That felt good and he could reach her breasts better while he watched his brother's fingers working between her legs.

The feeling of those fingers on her sensitive parts, and stretching her open was driving Janet wild. She took off her panties and lay back down, her legs spread open, inviting him, but it wasn't doing enough for Jose. He couldn't possibly fuck her in this position, but now he could see her cunt spread out in front of him, with it's pink lips spread open by his fingers. He'd never really seen one before though he'd fucked many. And he wanted to fuck this one not look at it, even though he liked looking at it.

He got up and reaching out grabbed Janet by the wrists and pulled her to a sitting position, then spun her around so that she was facing the table and he pushed her on to it head first. Her bottom was facing him but now covered by her skirt. He deftly pushed the skirt up out of the way, stood for a moment admiring those soft globes of flesh that were her bottom, but wasted no time in pushing her legs apart, spreading her open and plunging his hard cock into her vagina.

"Aaaah, YES!" she cried out as it sunk all the way in, going in easily because she was so wet. She knew it was wrong but she'd resisted as long as she could and was now enjoying what he was doing to her. Moaning, grunting and gasping in rhythm to his deep, hard thrusts Janet lay across the table in ecstasy. She was always like this after smoking pot, but this time it seemed better than usual, maybe because it had been so long since she'd had either the pot or a good fucking.

Bang!..Bang!.. Bang! He went, loving the feeling that he was brutalizing this soft woman. Her head was turned to one side on the table so that he could see her beautiful face lying there open mouthed and panting. Her lips moved as she muttered obscenities and encouraged his effort.

"Yes..yes..fuck my cunt..my twat...fuck it. Fuck me hard! Stretch me open ...open with your big cock split me open...Harder..harder..fuck me harder........." And on and on. Jose couldn't understand most of what she said, but what he did understand just encouraged him.

She gave a jerk and bucked a couple of times, "YES! Yes, aaaaaaaah yes, right there." and he realized she'd had an orgasm.

He was going to cum soon, he could feel the heat building up in his crotch until suddenly, there it was he started to ejaculate into her hot hole. Janet felt it too and shuddered with pleasure as she felt his hot juices splatter her insides.

She lay there face down for a few moments, then: "Thank you, that was perfect."

Jose backed away holding his shrinking, dripping penis in his hand, and gazing at those lovely buttocks and the now bright red lips which were hanging open, with his sperm oozing out of them and dripping on to the deck. He'd forgotten his younger brother too, who pushed him to one side, cock in hand and proceeded to shove his meat into that gaping red hole.

Janet had forgotten him too and was lying there relaxed when she felt something large thrust into her sensitive vagina that had recently taken such a beating.

"NO! No, no more. Please, take it out." She cried. But it was already deep inside her. It didn't really hurt, but was very sensitive from her sex with his brother.

"Shut up and fuck." Roberto told her. He was already banging away at her just as his brother had.

Roberto was going at her like a rabbit, clasping her waist and banging away and she was starting to like it. "That's nice Roberto, slow down a little though...........that's better, now harder, but not too fast......There, oh yes.......that's the place. Oh yes...yes,yes. Lovely........I think I'm getting there......fuck me..fuck me hard!......HARDER..HARDER......Aaaaaaaaaaaah fuck yes!" And she started humping and arching her back as she went over the top.

But Roberto wasn't done yet. For some reason, even though he was young he had good control, and after she had an orgasm he was still fucking her. Janet was really enjoying it, and after a few minutes started to feel it coming again.

"Oh I..think..I'm ..going to have another one............Aaah yes..right there...fuck me right there.....YES......there..oh God yes, wonderful!" And she was still, just letting him keep at it until, with a couple of grunts and hard thrusts, he too splatter her insides with his sperm. They lay together, linked by his softening penis, his arms holding her around the waist.

Meanwhile, Jose, having watched his younger brother fucking this fine woman, was hard again and wanted her again. He gave Roberto a poke and told him, in Spanish, to pull out. His brother pulled out and stood up, wiping his cock off on Janet's panties that were lying on the bench.

Jose stood for a moment looking at Janet's bottom and at the deep red gash between her legs, that was oozing more sperm, and while he watched a big glop fell out of her on to the deck, followed by another. The look of it rather disgusted him, but his cock was hard and he needed satisfaction. He thought about sticking his cock in her anus, but didn't have any lubricant. He spit on her asshole and stuck his finger in it. Not bad. so crouching behind her he pushed his cock in. Janet half rose and looked over her shoulder. She was surprised to see Jose and to feel him starting to push his cock into her anus.

"On no, not again. I can't handle all this. Please don't fuck me there, it hurts." But it was too late he was already pushing hard and deep inside her.

It hurt! She wasn't used to anal sex and tried to get up and reach back to push him off. "NO! NO! No, please, not my asshole. PLEASE JOSE! You're hurting me."

He ignored her and she started to cry. He started to hump her hard immediately, ignoring her pleas and her tears. Her anus felt like a ring around his cock, it was so good nothing could stop him now. After a few minutes Janet felt the hurt replaced with numbness. After a few minutes the numbness wore off and it was starting to feel good. Almost at once she felt a small orgasm rip through her body and she was grunting in rhythm to Jose's banging. She felt another small one, but then she felt something welling up between her legs and in her lower abdomen.

"Oh yes..there..OH Yes. FUCK YES!!Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah." She was flying, completely overcome by another huge orgasm. Completely in the grip of it and out of control.

She lay on her face on the table while Jose grunted a couple of times and let a load of sperm fill her rectum, but Janet was oblivious to it. She lay there for several minutes and felt Roberto mount her from behind, but she was numb, vaginally, anally and bodily. She felt him inside her, felt his body on top of her, but was unconscious to what he was doing, except that he was fucking her cunt, not her ass, and she enjoyed the feeling of being fucked, even if she didn't have an orgasm. She continued lying there, relishing the feeling of this boy using her cunt for his pleasure. After he'd cum in her again and pulled out, she was half hoping that Jose would mount her again and use her vagina. 

After a while she got up, still between the two young men, who both eyed her, wishing she'd stay until they were ready to go again, but she stepped over the bench and put on her panties so that she wouldn't drip all over the deck, gathered the rest of her clothes in her arms and went in the house.
