 Little did I realize how our obsessions were beginning to feed off of each other. I had gotten up and the ritual was to snap a few select shots of her gorgeous breasts covered with my cum and one of the shots I used a close-up lens so that the frame was filled with her still erect pink nipple and the white cum making for an erotic shot. I also shot regular pictures of just her chest but only the neck and titties. That way no one would know who she was. As I stared into her brown eyes she stared back and each one knew that we at least on a sexual level were 100% compatible.

"Not that you haven't been busy Don," as she looked at her cum covered chest, "but have you given any thought to the breast topping idea?"

"Janet, I'm glad that you brought this up. I have and if I could make a wish it would be to have you and your best girlfriends over as topping holders to sample the combinations that we come up with. I know you might not approve but remember it is a wish."

"Could you do it without wanting to fuck their titties?"

"Being honest, no. You've given me two fabulous tittie fuckings and I look forward to many more but the temptation would be too great. But if you gave me a choice I would never want to give up your tittie fuckings. I look forward to doing a lot of experimenting."

"I approve of your honesty and I can easily overcome the shyness that I might have. But the deal is I get to be the last and you'll come on my titties. For the sake of experimenting I think it might be fun."

"Who would come?" I asked

"Rhonda would be game and I've seen her tits and there pretty nice. I could ask Jody who might go for it. Smaller titties but I think you could get the job done. Your ex would come in a heartbeat just to show off but no way am I asking her. I'll ask Robin and Susan too."

"Are you sure your okay with this?", I asked

"I think it will be a lot of fun"

That was on a Tuesday and come the very next day I got a phone call that all was arranged for this evening including eight different toppings to not only awaken the taste buds but to offer some real eye candy for this tittie addict. I loved the idea and to celebrate the occasion I thought that a bottle of champagne was in order. I actually got out the vacuum and cleaned the tables as well as the dishes. Since Janet was bringing the toppings (eight different) I thought my nice sterling silver server would be an appropriate way to introduce me to all of the lovely tits I was going to see.

I had to have a scotch to mellow me out a little bit as I was quite excited and this would mellow me out a little bit. I heard a car pull into the driveway a few minutes later and looking out the window saw all four of the girls get out of Janet's car. I rubbed my hands together in anticipation. I knew her girl friends so introductions weren't necessary as Rhonda, Robin, and Susan sat down on the couch while I took a seat in my easy chair. Janet, material in hand, went right to work in the kitchen I assumed she was preparing the toppings and she was.

"Janet made the rules very clear about what we can't do," stated Susan, "and frankly I don't agree with it. I'd love it if I could suck your cock, taste all that good topping and then have it mixed with some of your cum."

Janet, overhearing what Susan said chirped in "no way is that going to happen. He's my boy friend and I get the climax of his efforts. Besides I'm jealous of the fact that your titties are bigger than mine."

Susan in a show of force immediately pulled her top off baring a very nice pair of tits. She was larger than Janet but there was a bit of sag probably due to the wait. Her nipples were a darker brown and they were in contrast to the white which set them off even more. They were already erect and I could tell she was ready to go.

"I want to be first," she exclaimed.

This seemed to encourage Rhonda and Robin and they both removed their tops to show off their assets as well. Rhonda had a nice set of perky titties that while on the smaller size the cleavage was tight. Her nipples were brown but much larger than Susan's or Janet's and capped her treasures nicely. Robin had a set similar in size to Janet's with nipples that were very pale and slightly pink in color. While they didn't set them off the veins were quite prominent and contrasted nicely with the ivory white flesh.

I got up, went to the kitchen, opened the refrigerator, got out the bottle of champagne, opened the cupboard doors and got four wine glasses out. I leaned over Janet and couldn't resist a taste of what she was preparing. Dark chocolate, nuts and whip cream. As I put a little on my finger I got a slap for my effort.

"You'll get your fill in a few minutes. For now leave it alone," she sternly said.

Sensing that this wasn't the appropriate time to say anything I quietly went about my task of serving the champagne to the girls as well as a glass for myself. I didn't ask Janet. Later perhaps.

Janet signaled for Susan to come over and proceeded to put her titties on the silver serving platter and spooned a dark chocolate mix topped with nuts, whip cream, and a cherry on each breast. It was an erotic scene as she walked over to the couch and offered her titties to me. I couldn't wait and promptly dropped my pants and dove into the topping. Not only did her breasts taste good but the dessert was outstanding. I could hear her groan as I pushed them together and licked and bit off most of it. She had grabbed onto my cock and guided it toward her cleavage which I couldn't resist. As I gave her a couple of thrusts she let my cock slide into her mouth which caused a further hardening of my already hard throbbing cock. Rhonda and Robin each fondled a titty kneading them like bread dough.

Janet next called Robin over and applied a strawberry topping with whip cream, nuts, and a strawberry on top. Robin had no desire to use the tray and quickly walked over and pushed a treat into my mouth. While I was in mouth watering heaven Janet again signaled and for Rhonda chose an orange topping with cranberries also covered in nuts and whip cream. She then pulled her own top off revealing her luscious mounds still pink from earlier events and plopped a carrot cake frosting on them topped with cherries.

As I bit into Robin's nipples I could feel the pale almost invisible nipples becoming erect. As I did with Susan I gave her a couple of glorious thrusts and allowed her to lick my cock off. I next turn my attention to Rhonda's treasures which were firm and hard. I repeated the routine with her and then turned to Janet who was horny and ready for more action which I not only obliged but lingered on for a little longer. I'd never get tired of those tits, ever.

"I've got plan girls," I announced to the four of them sitting on the couch. How about if you let me give each of you a titty fuck and then when I come I'll jizz all of you? You could all get in a circle of sorts hold your breasts up and I'll cum all over them.

With that notation I started with Susan first who really wanted me to come in her mouth but I resisted. I then moved to Robin, Rhonda, and finally Janet. What a sight it was as the girls all got close to each other and offered up their titties to me. I put my hand on the top of them and got to feel all of them at the same time. This encouraged the girls to bury my hands in the mountain of flesh. I wanted to fuck each of them slowly but I knew I was at the end of my erection and was going to come. I buried my throbbing cock in between all of them and the girls helped making it disappear in the mountains of flesh. As I started to come I pulled my cock out and sprayed all of the titties making sure that each one got cum and there was a lot of it. As I finished I had to have a picture and asked the girls to all sit on the couch as I took a group shot as well as a closer shot of each pair of titties.

Janet asked, "Are you happy? Was this a nice present because it's not going to happen again. The girls agreed to do this for me this one time."

"A fine present indeed Janet," I replied.

Susan whispered into my ear that I could fuck her titties anytime I wanted and I knew that at some point I'd have to figure out a way to do it without getting caught.

Janet came over to me gave me a hug and said "You did me three times in three days. I liked the first time better but this was fun. Do you want me to spend the night?"

"You don't have to ask. You can stay whenever you want to. Will you help clean up?"

"Of course. Could the girls use the shower and clean up a bit."

"Feel free girls," I replied

"Don you can personally clean me up afterwards before we go to sleep."

I immediately wondered if I could come again. Time would tell.