 So in case anybody was wondering what happened, after much thought and soul searching and changing my mind, one minute I was not going, then I would have a fantastic fantasy and I knew I would go and do all those things I knew I shouldn't do again.

Saturday came and I felt so excited as I showered and shaved my intimate places and laid out my sexiest and most revealing clothes, Steve already had plans for where we would go and how he would engineer me into accidentally showing myself, how I would get caught playing with myself, how it would lead to me getting gang banged while he watched and encouraged a group of strangers to fuck me. 

I couldn't think straight, I wanted it so bad. Yet I knew a good girl like me shouldn't feel like this. 

Steve phoned to say he was about to get the train from Wakefield to Huddersfield to meet me, he asked if I was ready for a night to remember, he told me his plans. I said I was not sure I wanted to go through with it because I was a good girl. He told me not to be so stupid, he said I would love it because I could not get enough cock last week. He told me I was his slutty girl who loved to show myself in public, how I loved to bring myself off in public and get caught and that I loved getting fucked by strange men in public. 

He never once said anything nice, it was all about me been a sex object for him and a man or group men he choose for me. He never once asked how I was or how I felt. It sounded like he just thought I was a dirty slag who had no choice but to do every dirty thing he said I had to do. 

We ended up arguing and I told him I was not going but staying in, I told him I was a good girl, that what happened was a one off and would never happen again. We argued, he practically told me I had to go, I had to do as he told me, and said I would love it. I told him to go fuck himself. 

I stayed in and cried, my new boyfriend became my ex boyfriend after just 1 date. For almost 2 weeks I stayed in feeling a mixture of anger and loneliness. I remembered been on my own for the last 2 years, and I remembered every detail of my first and only date with Steve. Every time I thought about it, I would masturbate, I had never felt so alive before as I had on the train, Steve telling me what to do, opening my eyes and seeing that group of lads sat watching me, then been helpless to stop them as Steve encouraged them to fuck me over and over right there on the train while other passengers watched. 

I got a text from Steve the second week, he said he was sorry, that things had got carried away. He said he missed me and really liked me and wanted to start again, no public displays, no strangers. Just me and him, like normal boyfriend and girlfriend, he said he had fallen for me and he thought he was in love with me. He said he didn't want to share me, he wanted me all to himself. He said he knew I was a good girl and thats what he wanted me to be. 

Thats all I wanted, him to like me for who I am. We made up, we went out for 2 month, like normal people do, movies, bars, night clubs, walks, stayed in and watched tv, had sex, usual, normal kind of things. Everything was normal, and for me sex as normal, was boring, climax was anti-climax. I faked orgasm every time. When I was alone I though about the train and just the thought was enough to make me cum, and I mean cum, squirting and totally out of control. But I was been a good girl, and it was killing me, I longed to be naughty just like I was on the train. 

Steve suggested we started having a date night once a month, seemed like a good idea so we decided on the first Saturday each month would be good for us both. The first of our date nights arrived. Steve said he had to work during the day so he took his going out clothes with him, he would take a shower at work and meet me in the local disco, my choice of place, I love to dance and it was my turn to pick where we would go. 

I spent most of the afternoon making myself beautiful, I had my hair done, bathed and shaved my special place. Bought some new underwear, matching white silk basque and panties with white stockings. I wore the basque as a top, it pushed my boobs together and up giving me a real eye catching cleavage. From about 1 inch above my nipples upwards I wore only my killer smile, it dipped a bit lower at the back. I wore a white tutu like skirt made of three layers, each shorter than the one underneath and flaring out. The layers were quite see through by themselves but together they just covered my knickers and stocking tops. That is unless the light was behind me, the bright disco lights shone through giving a nice silhouette of my sharply legs. I practiced twirling in the mirror, the skirt opened out nicely giving a quick flash of stocking top, perfect. 

I had a call from Steve, he said he was running a bit late and I should go inside and get a drink, he would see me inside. I did, 2 in fact, then I called him. He said his train was delayed, he said to have a dance and enjoy myself, he would be there as soon as he could. I was a bit annoyed at him for been late on our first date night, but also a bit tipsy from the drink. A good dance track came on so I decided to hit the dance floor. 

It wasn't long before too guys started to dance near me, I had noticed them giving me the eye at the bar. They had no chance even if I had not been waiting for Steve, they were far too old. One was probably old enough to be my dad, he must have been in his 50's and I'm a young 22. He was quite handsome though and very rugged, his mate was not as old but still probably in his 40's. He also looked fit for his age, they looked like they probably worked out regularly, no sign of a pot belly. 

I turned my back to them, and soon 3 more lads started dancing in front of me, when I say lads, they were not much more than kids, 19 or 20 at the most I would say. When your a 22 year old like me, lads of 20 are just too immature. I went for another drink to escape them. The oldest of the guys followed me to the bar and asked if he could buy me a drink, I was short of cash so accepted, its just a drink after all. 

He introduced himself and we chatted a bit, then his friend came over and said hi. I thanked him for the drink and went back to the dance floor. They soon joined me, to put them off I started to dance with the 3 young guys, one of them offered to get me a drink, so I said ok, why spend my cash, I spent up on my new outfit and they seemed to be enjoying it. 

Quite a few guys in the club couldn't take their eyes off me, which I was secretly enjoying. I finished the drink then headed back to the dance floor, it was getting quite full now, I was surrounded by the 2 groups of guys, they seemed to be having a competition, young vs old to see who could win me over. Neither stood a chance, I was only waiting for my Steve. However he wasn't there yet and soon I was dancing with them all. 

I was twirled this way and that, from one to another. I was given more drink, then more drink and I started to really enjoy myself, I enjoyed the dancing, and the attention, I stopped seeing them as too old or too young and I danced with each in turn. The disco lights spun and I danced and twirled knowing full well when I did my skirt showed my stocking tops and knickers. 

The more I drank the closer we danced, at times I could feel them against me, one at the front and one at the back, sometimes one of the guys would let their hands wander to my bum, and sometimes I could feel their cocks rubbing against me. I didn't stop them, in fact I rubbed back. My new found exhibitionist side was loving the attention and I was getting more and more turned on. 

I went to the loo for a pee and to clear my head. The toilets are right at the back, as I came out of the toilets the two older guys were waiting with drinks, they invited me to sit in the end alcove. It's right at the end so unless you were going to the alcove you would never pass by it. It has a screen sheltering it from the dance floor but when you are sat you can rest your arm on it and see into the dance floor. The younger of the 2 sat in first, I was sort of ushered next to him and expected the older guy to sit opposite but he also sat next to me. I felt like piggy in the middle. We were sat with our backs to the rest of the club, screened from view by the alcove wall at our backs. We chatted a bit and they asked me questions, giving me plenty of compliments, I told them I was waiting for my boyfriend. 

In a few minutes or so when we were joined by the 3 young guys, they sat across the table facing us. They also brought drinks. I felt a little less like piggy in the middle with them sat opposite though in fact I still had the guys each side of me, only 3 more in front as well. So really I was piggy in the middle of 5 guys now. They kept my drink full and we all chatted, it was light hearted and we all had a laugh, and there was a lot of innuendo and talk about how sexy I looked. 

Steve finally arrived to my rescue, I had almost forgotten about him. He also brought drinks, he sat across from me between the 3 young guys. Thinking back I should have thought it odd they didn't leave when he arrived, instead he just joined in the conversation and they all accepted the situation. It's almost like they had been waiting for him just like I had been. Steve held my hand across the table and leaned forward for a kiss. I leaned forward and kissed him, as we kissed he kept holding my hands and slowly pulled me forward until my legs were against the table. 

I felt somebody behind me move and thought the older guys were going, I felt one of them move behind me, then I felt hands on my waist, then I felt my dress move up over my butt, exposing my knickers, then I felt my knickers slide down over my ass and down my legs. 

I froze, in my minds eye I could see it happening, Steve held my hands firm and carried on kissing me as I felt a cock between my pussy lips, easing its way inside me, I let out a sigh and I lowered my head to the table, my pussy and ass trapped in place by the table in front and the guy impaling me from behind. Not that I was thinking about pulling away. Not that I was about to complain. It was heaven, when I could open my eyes I looked at each of the guys surrounding me, first and the 3 young guys in front, then at the 2 older guys behind, it was the oldest of the guys that stood between my legs, his hands on my waist, gently moving back and forth, slowly fucking me. lastly I looked at Steve. They were all looking at me, but none of them met my gaze, they were all looking just past my bare ass hole, between my legs, watching my pussy stretch to allow a big fat cock to slide inside me. 

They watched the oldest of the guys fuck me, slowly yet powerfully as he slid his entire cock inside me, and when I say his entire cock, it was a lot of cock, long and thick, then with perfect control he pulled out, all the way out. Looking over my shoulder I could see the head of his cock glistening with my juice in the disco lights, then he slid it back all the way inside me. 

He fucked me over the table while the others watched, I climaxed over and over, he kept control like a master swordsman. His cock was much bigger than Steve's and much fatter, and he really knew how to use it. He drove me as buzz light year would say to infinity and beyond. I was rolled over on to my back and the old guy never even lost his rhythm. Steve lifted my tits out of the basque, he and the young guys took turns to play with them and suck my nipples as they watched the master cocksmith at work. 

I think we would still be there now, him still fucking me with perfect control. I decided I needed to take control. I moved my feet up onto the bench seat each side of him, then I sat up on his lap. I held on the table for balance and I rode him like the horse he was built like, fast and hard like I was in a horse race. My tits were free and bouncing, anybody on the dance floor could have seen me from the waist up as I bounced up and down, fast and furious I rode him till he lost control. It took every ounce of my strength and will power to continue riding him as I came over and over before finally feeling him tense and shoot his load deep inside me. 

Now this was something different to the train. On the train, I was very passive, I let them all have me and loved every second, but now I felt in control, I had the power, and I used it. I fucked them all, me on top, I rode them for my pleasure, but also made sure they were all satisfied. I finished off the last guy just as the club was closing. 

The old guy had a car and I asked him if he could drop me and Steve off at home, he said yes. He fucked me in the back seat before we left the car park. We stopped off at the park on the way home, it was getting light by now and he fucked me on the grass next to the duck pond. When we got home I invited him in and we fucked all over the house in every position. It was Sunday lunch time before he left, I was knackered, but satisfied. 

Steve was horny and insisted on getting his "share" before we went to sleep. 

I never knew the old guys name, but his wonderful magical cock gave me my first 15 hour sex marathon, and I loved every second. More importantly he made me realise that I was still a good girl, just a good girl that likes sex. I think we all do, maybe some more than others thats all. 

I do still believe in a loving relationship, and sex is a great part of it, but sex is not love. You can have sex without love and its still great. I had been woken to that fact now. 

It was almost a week before Steve confessed he was not working that Saturday after all, he was busy setting the whole thing up. The 3 young guys he knew from work and the old guy he knew from the gym he goes to. Apparently he is a rep that sells drugs to chemists. Legal ones I mean. Among them viagra, he gave a coffee jar full to Steve, thats how they got talking. I thought the old guy was just a super stud, Steve says he had taken so much viagra he almost had to go to hospital as he was still hard 3 days later. Wish I had known, I could have made use of it. Waste not want not they say. 

Steve and I had a talk about it and he says maybe he is kinky or something but he loves to watch me getting fucked by other guys. He says he loves the fact they desire me, his girl, he says he loves the fact he has something they all want. He loves to see me in ecstasy having orgasm after orgasm, then after all that, I go home with him, not them. 

I don't really understand why he is like that, most guys get jealous when a guy looks at a girl but I can see how turned on he gets. I do however understand I love guys looking at me, I love them wanting me. I love them touching me, I love them kissing me. I love it when they fuck me, slow, fast, hard, soft, I love big cocks, small cocks, thin cocks and fat cocks. I love when they enter me right up to when they cum inside me. 

If Steve wants to watch me get fucked by other guys, who am I to spoil his fun, bring it on. I can use his kinkiness to my advantage, it's a win win situation if ever there was one. 

We decided once a month on our date night, Steve would see what surprises he can come up with so we can both get what we want. I cant wait and though, its not essential but I do hope it involves a big fat cock or three. 

Well time for me to get my dildo out now, thinking about it while I wrote it down has made me horny as hell, maybe if the next date night goes well I will write again. Maybe Steve will invite you to join us one day, if I'm lucky.