 Janie was excited. She had never been so turned on before. Her best friend, Marcus, was coming over. She had a secret that he would find out sometime that night.

Marcus was nervous. He had lusted after Janie for a long time. He used the pretense of wanting to rent a few movies and watch them with her to get close to her. He thought that maybe tonight was the night he was going to confess, for good or ill, his desire for her. 

He planned it carefully. When she would lean on his shoulder and start to wind down and start to doze off, he would tell her that he wanted her. Hopefully she would be too sleepy to make a fuss about it until the next morning when she wasn't going to be sure he said anything.

Marcus picked out a trilogy; The Mummy, The Mummy Returns, and The Scorpion King. He knew that Janie had a thing for both the Rock and Brendan Frasier. She confessed once to having masturbated to their movies before. He simply filed that information away for later-tonight- use. 

He picked up the Chinese that they both loved. Another reason they were such good friends. They had many common interests, food tastes, sports, movie and TV show taste, and they were both single and loving it. 

Janie carefully scrubbed herself clean. She soaked long enough in the scented tub, she knew that Marcus loved how she smelled. She caught him sniffing her neck a few times. She made sure that she shaved everything very well. Her legs, her ankles, her thighs, her armpits, and even her kitty. She left a patch above her clit similar to a landing strip, but slightly wider. Her pussy was neatly trimmed, and shaved.

She dried and picked out a loose fitting yet sensual outfit, which was alluring but not overly appealing in a sexual way. Loose shorts and a tank top, with a built in bra, which helped to support her lovely young breasts. The whiteness of her shirt allowed for easily noticing her erect nipples. Her shorts were loose in the legs, and coupled with her knowledge that she was wearing no panties on her freshly shaven kitty, she was extremely wet. 

After spritzing a bit of her favorite perfume on, just enough to smell but not enough to be over powered by it, she felt ready. She had her long hair in a braid down to the middle of her back. Make-up free and still beautiful and she knew it. At least for tonight.

Marcus pulled into her driveway and had to take a few deep breaths. He was nervous, yes. Anxious? More so. He quickly grabbed the movies in one hand and the bag of food in the other and exited the truck. She saw him coming and opened the door for him. Her smile dazzled him and he knew that he just had to have her, and soon.

Janie opened up the door and grabbed the bag of movies so that she didn't tip any of the food over. She could smell the heavenly scent of the shrimp toast and the teriyaki beef on the skewers. Her own favorite meal was in there, Queen's Chicken. Marcus enjoyed seafood and spicy, so he usually had either Hunan or the Szechuan shrimp. The crab rangoon was always delicious too. 

Janie's stomach growled as she smelled the various foods and knew that she should have eaten earlier that day. She giggled at the gurgling in her stomach and Marcus looked at her oddly. 

"I forgot to eat today. This food smelling so good is just making me feel like I am starving to death!"

"How many times do I have to tell you to EAT? You are going to waste away to nothing, then who will be my movie partner?" Marcus chuckled at her pretty blush. She blushed so easily for him. He had always liked that. 

They took the food into the living room and set up everything on the floor where Janie had set up a heavy blanket and a few bed trays so they could lay on the floor to eat and watch the movies in comfort. The pillows were just right to use as a prop when laying on the stomach and eating and watching the TV.

Marcus watched Janie bend down to put her plates onto the tray, and as he had so many other times, had a tent in his loose shorts. He knew better than to wear anything remotely tight around her. He quickly settled down into an Indian position until he could lay on his stomach without hurting himself. 

With the first movie's opening credits rolling, they were able to catch up on the various things they had done or seen since the last time they talked. Who was dating who, and who was working where. Soon they were involved in the movie and Janie kept stealing glances over at Marcus. She loved to watch him laying on his stomach and his nice ass just begging to be slapped. 

Janie sighed and decided it wasn't time yet to do that. Blushing at her carnal thoughts, she turned back to the movie and admired Brendan Frasier for his daring and skills. 

Marcus caught her looking at him again, only she wasn't looking at his face, he realized that she was staring at his ass! Out of the corner of his eye he saw her blush and pretend to have been absorbed by the movie the whole time. He smiled and knew that he might not wait too much longer like planned. 

Casually he leaned over to her and sniffed her aroma. He loved how she always smelled so inviting and sweet. He wondered what she would smell like after a night of sex and sweat. Probably as delicious as she does squeaky clean, he concluded. He also decided that one way or another, he was going to find out. 

After the mummy had been killed and reburied, they switched DVDs and began to watch the Mummy Returns. Marcus gently brushed a loose strand of hair out of Janie's face, and she jumped. She blushed and looked at him strangely. He couldn't resist. He leaned forward and brushed his lips against hers. 

Janie's dream was coming true. Marcus wanted her! She let him gently kiss him, and then she let out a small moan of pleasure. Marcus stopped kissing her and smelled her intensely. 

"I have always loved how you smell", he said. "What I want to know is, How do you smell after a night of carnal pleasure?" he whispered into her ear. Her moan was all he needed to continue.

Inhaling her feminine scent he licked and sucked her earlobes and neck, her soft shoulders. She shivered and moaned, urging him on. Marcus rolled her over onto her back and he rolled onto her, his erection digging into her thigh.

Janie looked hungrily into his eyes before she kissed his Adam's apple. He groaned and she worked her way to his neck and ears while grinding her hips against him. Marcus couldn't believe that he was having his fantasy come true. He was finally going to feel Janie wrapped around his throbbing manhood. She pulled his shirt and tried to tug it off, but they had to break apart for him to lose the shirt.

It took seconds, but it seemed like forever before Janie could taste his flesh again. She groaned in anticipation as she pulled him up so she could lick his chest. Soon she had him sitting on her chest and she was pulling his shorts down. She grabbed his ass and squeezed. 

"I have been wanting to do that for so long, and this!" she huskily said just before cracking his ass a well placed slap. Marcus yelped in surprise, and felt the sting of her fingerprints marking him as hers for the evening.

"I have wanted you for so long. I never dreamed I could have you for real." he told her. She smiled at him and grabbing his ass, propelled him forward so her hot mouth could envelope his penis.

Marcus could hardly believe his luck. Janie's deft mouth wrapped around his straining cock, he felt his head slide to her throat and he tensed up expecting her to push him back from the greatest feeling in the world. Instead, she pulled his hips even closer and his cockhead slid down her throat until his balls rested on her chin. He almost passed out from the feeling.

Janie pushed and pulled on his thighs to control his trusts into her face, taking his entire 8 inches into her mouth. She was tasting his malehood finally. She had dreamed about it for months, and even in her best imaginings he didn't taste so good. Letting go with one hand she used her free hand to wrap around his cock as if to make her mouth bigger, and squeezed hard while pumping up and down in time with her mouth. 

Marcus felt his balls swell and tighten and he tried to tell Janie before he blew his load into her throat, but it was too late, and Janie didn't seem to mind. Moaning she swallowed all of it. 

"Oh my God! You taste heavenly! I think that I could lick your balls and cock all night long and be happy." Janie said as she gently rolled his scrotum with her soft fingers. 

Marcus had to roll over onto his back so that he wouldn't fall over onto her. Panting he lay there watching her lick her lips. 

"How do you do that? I mean, you took all of me in without gagging."

"I don't know, maybe it is because I had my tonsils out as a kid it doesn't choke me as easily. Either way, I am glad. I love how you feel sliding in and out of my mouth."

"So do I, believe me, so do I. But, it is my turn, so if you would allow me to undress you before sitting you on my face..." Marcus let her catch his drift before taking action.

He gently slid his hands up her sides, under her tank top. He had admired her cleavage all through the first movie, never dreaming that with the second movie playing in the background she would let him actually see and taste it. 

She lifted her arms to allow for easier removal, and he gasped as her breasts were bared to his admiring gaze. Her large nipples poking out begging to be sucked and nibbled. He carefully touched a hand to each breast. Their heat testimony to her arousal. She gasped in pleasure when he roughly pulled her down to him so he could suckle on a nipple as his hand caressed the other one. Switching back and forth he made her gasp in pleasure. Her heavy breathing proved to him that he was doing everything right. He rolled her over so that he was now on top, which allowed for easier removal of her shorts. He kissed his way down her stomach, tugging her shorts off. To his delight shenot only had no panties on, but she was shaven clean. He had often wondered if she had a wild and lovely bush, or if she had taken up with the newest style and shaved. 

He nibbled on her thighs while caressing her stomach for what seemed, to Janie at least, an eternity before parting her dewy lips and using his tongue to find her love nub. His tongue felt like satin on her pussy as he licked and nibbled and caressed his way to her first orgasm. 

Marcus grabbed her hips as she wildly bucked under his expert tongue while moaning and screaming as her hips gyrated. He knew that this one would never be able to fool anyone with a fake orgasm. 

He held on tightly while she screamed for mercy that she can't take any more so that he could force her to take more, prolonging her orgasm for a full minute or two. He finally slowed down and gently stopped while she gasped for air and trmebled uncontrollably. 

Marcus gently kissed her stomach as she recovered, eventually settling on her breasts. Janie was still breathign heavily when she grabbed his face and pulled him up for a deep kiss. 

She could taste herself on him just as she was sure that he could taste himself on her. Their tongues dueled for possession and Marcus felt his penis spring back into life against janie's naked thigh. Her hips began to grind him at about the same time. 

He parted her thighs and reached down to feel the heat that eminated from her sex. His fingers slid easily into her parted thighs and slick lips before entering her very hot hole. Her thighs parted giving him easier access and he took advantage of it. He slid a finger into her as deeply as he could before he hit the back of her pussy.

He couldn't stand it any longer and he positioned himself at her entrace before he slid home. His penis was wrapped in a tight, silky, hot pussy and he almost came just sliding into her. She groaned at his intrusion before wrapping her legs around his waist and sliding her hips into a more recieving position. He pushed himself all the way into her. 

Once he was fully embedded into her, she had to stop and take a break so that she had a chance to accomodate herself to his girth before he started to pump. This also allowed him to have a chance to back away from the precipice that he was ready to leap over into the oblivion he knew that was waiting for him when he was going to cum again. 

He wanted to feel her cumming around him, and if he didn't hold back now, he knew that he wouldn't feel it tonight. She sensed his pause and the reason for it, and just nodded. The next thing he knew, she was rolling him over and she was taking charge. 

Janie enjoyed being on top when she was fucking, and since she sensed that he wanted her to cum again, she knew this was the best way. She sat up and began to move her hips, back and forth, up and down, in circles and eventually just moving however she felt the need to move. Marcus groaned under this treatment and grabbed her hips to slow her down before he blew his load again before she came.

Then using her hips as leverage, he pulled her hard onto him and she was impaled almost painfully just as her clit was stimulated enough along with the fullness of her pussy and she felt another orgasm flowing over her. Marcus held her tightly onto him as he felt her pussy begin to tighten around him and her grunts signaled her impending orgasm. 

She bent over and kissed him as her pussy began milking his cock for more sperm, her sweaty back and chest shining in the light, her braid swinging between them, her eyes rolled back and her body moving every which way to both stop what was happening because it couldn't take it and trying to make it happen with a vengeance. Her head whipped back and forth as if she couldn't decide if she wanted to cum or not.

The sight of Janie in this kind of wild behavior and feeling her squeezing his cock made him forget everything but his own pleasure as his balls spewed yet another, albeit smaller, load into Janie's pussy. 

Marcus' orgasm hit him fully just as Janie collapsed onto his chest and he held her tightly to him, as if she either could, or wanted to leave him at that moment. Janie lay on his chest breathing hard and just letting him do what he wanted to her, his hips pumping hard until he impaled himself as deeply as possible to feel the full effects of her pussy while he came. 

Janie just lay on Marcus while her legs trembled and her arms shook and her pussy pulsated. Marcus just felt the waves of pure ecstasy rolling over him and was barely aware that Janie was slippery from sweat.

"Well, I think that tonight is sort of special. I don't remember any of our other movie nights being this exciting." Janie weakly joked.

Marcus laughed and said, "True, and now I know how you smell after sex. Delicious! But as good as you are and smell and look, I need a rest, and a drink. Do you want something?" 

"I would love some ice water, but I think we can both rest for another few moments before both going to get anything. I need to wait until my legs stop shaking, you know." Janie giggled.

As they lay there, the closing song by Live was playing, "Forever May Not Be Long Enough", and it happened to be Janie's favorite song. She began to sing along and Marcus was truly amazed at her gorgeous voice.

"Why did you not tell me that you can sing like that? You are awesome!"

"I just never thought about it, I guess." Janie shrugged.

After a while they were able to untangle themselves long enough to get drinks, another blanket, and snuggled back down on the floor for the last movie and sleep.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

"Dude! I have to tell you, I got laid last night!" 

"Marcus, you went to Janie's last night. Not that I wouldn't mind tapping that ass. But it is Janie, your best friend. You can't mean that you and she, well, fucked, can you?"

"Sam, I am telling you, she is HOT! I told you that I wanted her a long time ago, right?"

"Yeah, but you are telling me now that you HAD her, the perfect woman that would never look twice at you like that. Right?"

"You might not believe me, but I can tell you this, she could never fake an orgasm. There is no faking that. She feels so good, too."

"Too bad I will never find that out. She would never look at me twice, and I have wanted her for longer than you have. I am happy for you man, but I am jealous too. I want a piece of that ass." Same chuckled in the understanding that they had as friends. 

Either one was welcome to act on whomever they wanted, or it would never come between them as friends, even if they both wanted the same woman. They vowed to never fight over a woman. 

"I know, how about I ask Janie if she would dew you?" Marcus laughed, just joking around.

"Yeah, you do that for me, bud." Sam said knowing that Marcus was joking.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

The next movie night that Janie and Marcus had was fast approaching, and Janie grew more excited each day it was closer. She was puttering around in her garden when her phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Hey, Janie"

"Hey there, Marcus. Is everything alright, you sound, a bit, I don't know, odd, maybe."

"Yeah, I just was curious about something. I just don't know how to ask you this, but, well...What would you say if I said I could bring someone over to your place and, well, you know."

"You mean do I want to dew someone else instead of fucking you?" Janie was really confused.

"Well, not exactly. What would you say to a threesome?"

Janie couldn't believe her ears, it was her secret fantasy to have a threesome, but it had to be with two men, and she wasn't sure if that is what Marcus meant.

"A threesome? With who else?"

"Well, I know that you have always thought that Sam was pretty cute, and I know for a fact that he wants you. What do you say to it?"

"You, me, and Sam? I will have to think about it. Can I let you know tomorrow?"

"Yeah, sure. I haven't said anything to him about a threesome. He might not go for it since it would be with another man, but I wanted to talk to you first about it." Marcus admitted.

"Well, that earned you some brownie points. Thanks."

"I figured you are the one I have to worry about, not him. He will go for anything, I think. Besides, I am not that much of a pig to just show up with him and expect something." 

Janie laughed, "That is a good thing. I would have turned you both away. It is my fantasy, to be honest, but it is something I never thought that I would do, either."

"Ok, that is all that I called about, and to check on you. You are okay, aren't you?"

"Yes." Janie said, giggling.

"Well, talk to you later. Give me a call tomorrow when you decide, that way I can call Sam up."

"Later tater." Janie said her characteristic goofy goodbye.

A few hours later, Janie had decided that if Sam and Marcus were game, then so was she.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Janie waited until the next evening to call Marcus, just in case she changed her mind.

"Hello?"

"Hi, Marcus?"

"Oh hi, Janie! What is up?"

"Not much here. What time are you guys planning on being here tomorrow?"

"What time? Oh wait, you said guys, with an "S". That means you will do it?"

"Yes."

"Great, I will call Sam and make sure he can and will do it. I would think the regular time would be about right."

"Okay. Well, I will talk to you later."

"Before I ask him, are you SURE that you are alright with this?"

"Yeah, I think so. What better people to enact my fantasy than the two that I have lusted after for a long time." Janie replied.

"As long as you are sure, I am calling him now. Talk to you later, Hun."

"I will talk to you later too. See you tomorrow."

Janie hung up the phone and found that her hand was trembling. She couldn't believe that she had actually agreed to some sex that was, in her mind at least, very kinky.
