 After the break, Angie said that she wanted to see Julie's famous labia. She'd never seen long inner cunt lips before. So I suggested that she suck on Julie's pussy, see what she found and explore them for herself. She said she'd never had any real girl on girl action before, but nevertheless she immediately set to on Julie's cunt like an expert cunnilinguist, and judging from Julie's expression, made a really good job of it.

Angie sucked and licked and when she began to feel the inner labia reveal themselves, she squealed with delight. She pulled them out of her mouth to look at them and feel them with her fingers and to show them to me. She was fascinated by these fine lengths of vulnerable flesh, which not all women seem to have. She rolled her tongue along the labia and sucked around Julie's clit. She inserted a couple of fingers and started to frig her. Again she licked around the love hole and lapped in with her tongue in happy abandon. Julie squirmed and lay right back letting her friend do as she wanted with her.

Now Angie began to suck the labia in earnest, pulling them out of Julie's cunt with her teeth and holding them out. Again she plunged in her fingers and worked on Julie's channel. Then she managed to combine holding the lips between her teeth and fingering the pussy. Julie's juices were beginning to flood out and Angie enjoyed the sweet taste of another woman for the first time. Julie came with a sudden force, and like Angie before her she came with unusual noise.

But Angie did not let go of the labia as the orgasm took its course. She held them in her teeth and gradually began to tug them again, rhythmically pulling them up and out. I realised that I could see her labia and her fuck hole at the same time, and I liked what I saw.

Then I had an idea. I'd never done it before or even thought of it, it just happened in the moment. I picked up the long discarded tights from the floor. I put the panty end round the back of Julie's head, bringing the legs over her shoulders and down over her tits and as far as her groin. Then as Angie pulled out the labia, I tied the toes of the nylons onto them, one at a time. Each of the lips was more than two inches long, and I tied half way along so that pieces of her flesh an inch or so long protruded from my knots. I couldn't bear the idea that I might hurt them, so I checked carefully with Julie that the knots didn't hurt, but I wanted it to be tight enough not to slip off.

Now I stood back to examine my handiwork. When the tights were slack the labia pointed downwards. When pulled tighter round her neck the lips sprang up like two tiny penises! And when the tights were tugged even harder, the lips stretched right up and opened up her gash. Eventually I tied a knot behind her head making sure it was as tight as I could get it.

I'd never seen Julie look so dirty! Her cunt was splayed open for us both to see, and she was drenched wet. I had to fuck her. I lay down on my back and told her to mount me so that I could feast my eyes on her wide open cunt and stretched lips. As she rode me I watched as her tits jumped up and down. I used the legs of the tights to manipulate her tits and rub the nipples, each time making the labia jerk upwards. Then I massaged her beautiful tits for myself. Angie's tits were spectacular and had to be explored properly; Julie's were just fantastic fun bags to be played with and enjoyed. As they bounced about I could also see the labia straining and her cunt being held open as I pumped my cock into her with new zeal.

I was grateful now for my Viagra. It kept me rock hard, but there was no danger for of me coming for the time being.

Now without any announcement, Angie climbed on top of me and sat on my face. At last I could taste her pussy juice, it was sweet and flowing freely, I lapped it up like a thirsty dog. She faced Julie who continued to ride my cock. Although this obscured some of my view, I could grope all four tits at will. I could tell they were kissing and caressing each other, sometimes pressing their bouncing tits together, and Angie was sometimes playing the nylons to keep those labia moving. She also took Julie by the hips and helped to bounce her up and down more vigorously. Every now and then Angie fingered herself to get more of her own juice to lubricate Julie's exposed labia and to stimulate her clit. 

Both women were riding rough and dirty. Angie was dragging her cunt along my forehead, my nose, tongue and chin forcing herself open with my tongue and nose. Her wetness drenched my face. Then she increased her action to include her rose bud. She was rolling the whole of her carriage across my face, forcing my nose into her back hole, then my extended tongue, then my chin and even reaching for moment onto my neck, straddling it with her bum cheeks wide open. Then she drew herself right up again so that first her anal opening, then her cunt, her clit, and finally the closely trimmed sharp hair on her pubic mound dragged across my chin, my tongue, my nose and back again. I revelled in the mix of heady smells and strong tastes coming from her anus and her cunt, licking from one to another as she continued her movement on me.

I could feel that she was working herself up to her orgasm, as her movements became more urgent and focussed on the bud of her clit and the lips of her cunt. I held my tongue rigid so that she could slide over it as she pleased. Just as she was ready to come she lifted herself from my face and I saw the sex juices squirt from her, just managing to close my eyes in time to avoid it stinging them!

The combination of this performance, Angie's fondlings and my cock deep inside her, brought Julie to another climax just a few moments later. Again it was noisily done, and again she flood my cock with more of her precious juices.

Both women quickly dismounted and knelt between my legs. Angie was the first to take my still firm cock in her mouth. She murmured when she tasted Julie's cum on me. She gobbled away at my helmet and tugged at the skin of my shaft until I was almost ready to come. Then she stopped and Julie took over. Julie took me deeper into the back of her throat and increased the speed of her action. It was not long before I was ready to release my load, and this time she held onto my cock in her mouth and let the pulsing fluid spurt into the back of her throat.

It was time for us to have another break, and after a while we brought out the next round of snack and opened more wine. At the same time we talked some more about sex and intimacy.

Angie said how much she had enjoyed my tongue and nose raking her orifices. I said how much I enjoyed the taste and smells of her intimate parts. But I confessed that I had never really seen the point of anal sex. It's always been a mystery to me that anyone should want to use a woman's arse when she has a perfectly good cunt just there made for the purpose of fucking. (Some of you will say that the back passage is more tight and gives another feel. But I guess my experience has not been particularly good, mainly involving women picked up behind the bus station or some such place, whose cunts were already slack from over use, and whose shitters were no better. Although I thought this at the time, I felt it would be unwise to say it out loud.)

'Oh, no!' said Angie, 'I love a bit of anal! In fact if Julie had come first I was going to swap places and ride you on with bum till I came like that!'

Julie admitted that she had never been keen on anal either, so she and I had been well-suited!

Then I did confess to one anal fantasy, though. (Yes, yes, I know it's not logical! But when did logic ever have a final say in matters of sex!) 

'I've always wanted to position two women so that their cunts and back holes were very close to each other. I want to fuck them both in all four holes, coming in and out at my pleasure'

I was very keen to untie Julie's labia. I didn't want her to feel uncomfortable, and I certainly didn't want to hurt those gorgeous lips.

'Don't be such an old woman', she said sharply. 'I'll say when they are to be untied!'

That was me told!

'I would really have liked to find a way of tying your labia to Angie's tits!' I reflected, not really expecting an answer. 'But I couldn't think of a way to do it.'

Then Julie spoke, 'I've never felt so horny and slutty as this! I've never felt so wide open and brazen.'

At that Angie jumped up. 'I missed out on those long labia between my tits - they hadn't come out to play when you both touched me'

Holding her tits for herself this time, she knelt over Julie. She took hold of the labia between her tits at first holding both lips together, then caressing them one at a time.

After a little more quiet, Julie piped up 'I can think of a way of linking my cunt to her tits'.

I couldn't quite believe that this little idea of mine had taken on a life of its own.

'Undo this knot behind my head.' I undid it.

'Now Angie, stand back to back with me.' And she did.

'Now, Terry, take the top of the tights, the panty end, and put it over Angie's head.' I did it.

I thought this might strangle Angie, but then I realised where Julie was going with it.

'Now pull the tights right down under her tits!'

The tits stood upright off Angie's chest, nestled in the tights. The tits looked like big beer cans poking out again!

As the women stood there, back to back, I was able to bounce and tweak Angie's breasts and as I did so the labia jumped up and down. And if I knelt in from of Julie and sucked her protruding lips, Angie could feel the vibrations in her tits. So for several minutes I played with them both. Once more we enjoyed a spontaneous time playing together, and I felt sure that this is what sex should be about - just having fun together.

Then Angie slipped out of her bondage. She knelt Julie down over the edge of the couch and opened her legs. Then she crouched over Julie herself. She lifted up her bum and motioned to me to come and see.

Their four hole were now lined up and open for me. The top hole was Angie's arse, then her cunt, and immediately beneath her were Julie's back passage and cunt. All four holes were gapping open and looking up at me, inviting me to fulfill my fantasy. So I knelt between the four legs, took hold of my slack dick and rubbed it up and down along the four holes. I could feel the chemical assistance kick in as my cock grew stiff. So I lingered over each hole, circling the two anuses and the two cunts. In fairness to Julie I had no intention of entering her back passage, but there was nothing to stop my licking it or prodding it with my dick. The other three holes, however, were clearly being offered to me to do as I wanted with.

Slowly I entered the first vagina. It was Angie's. I pumped a bit to get myself as hard as possible. Then I moved on the Julie's. It felt quite different with the labia still tied up.

I dribbled saliva down the ravine formed by the four openings between their legs, and used my dick to spread the juice around. I came in and out of Julie, then Angie again, then Julie. I pressed a finger into Angie's anal channel and dribbled more saliva on it, then I began to ease myself into it. Her anus was tight, and the sphincter gripped my cock. I plunged in and out for a minute or two, and then came out and straight into Julie's cunt. After that is just a blur as I plunged from one hole to another at will. It was liberating and exhilarating to come in and out of the three holes.

Now I turned them over so that I could see their faces as we fucked, and they both had at least one more orgasm.

I was beginning to feel that I might manage a third orgasm myself, which is very unusual these days. I turned Angie round and onto all fours again and plunged into her cunt in the doggy position. It wasn't long before we had established a satisfying rhythm. And I could see her tits jangling about underneath her, but now it was time for some serious fucking, so I barely stooped to grope them. I just kept on grinding into her until I could feel the steady rise of pressure in my balls and the heat of passion ready to cum. This time I released my load deep inside her cunt, and the thick jerks of spunk spurted into her womb and brought her to yet another noisy climax.

Well, I really don't remember how that evening ended. But I certainly knew it would not be the last time we three met!