 This is a continuation of Janie's summer in Alaska.

My ball cap was missing. I frantically searched the living room; behind the sofa, on top of the entertainment center, and under the coffee table. My favorite Minnesota hat, gone. Then, as if sensing my worst fear to be true, I glanced over at Reece's dog bed. There it was, my precious green cap chewed to oblivion and dog drool smeared over the pathetic remains. 

"Reece! You are soooo in trouble, Boy! Bad dog! Baaad Dog!" the words boomed from me. Reece just curled onto his back, showing submission. "And I was going to take you on a hike with me today."

Reece looked at me in a pleading way while I picked up the scraps of green cotton. I loved this hat; it was soft on my bald head. Since I had started going bald a few years ago, I resorted to shaving my head. I didn't mind it; I looked tough with a big beard and a bald head. But some days I liked to hide my shiny dome with a cap, especially if I was going on a hike in such sunny weather. 

"You get to stay home now, all by yourself," I told him in a harsh tone. Since living alone, talking to the dog is something I have gotten used to. Reece is company on most of my nights, as I only get to town about once a month. I live at and manage a salmon hatchery in remote Alaska. I enjoy the work and being in the wilderness, but the loneliness can get intense. Luckily I enjoy a lot of diverse hobbies: weight-lifting, fly fishing, hunting, archery, making flies, jet skiing and snowmobiling. Ah, but my favorite hobby involves a female; unfortunately I don't get that chance very often.

I finished packing my daypack: canteen, snacks, map, compass, and gun. You can never be too careful, I thought to myself as I loaded the handgun and switched the safety on. Reece eyed me as I rubbed SPF 30 on my face, ears and neck, and bug repellant on my body. 

I told him again, "No, you stay." I headed out the door without looking into his pleading face. It was hard to say no to him sometimes; chocolate labs just have a way about them. I shut the door behind me and glanced at the label by my door: Rob Linder, Hatchery Manager.

My hike was slow-going at first. The ground was pretty saturated from the recent rains, and stable-looking moss was actually a mud slip-n-slide in disguise. As I increased in altitude, the terrain became rocky and my pace increased significantly. I stopped about 2 hours into the accent to admire a few oligotrophic ponds, their turquoise blue hue was captivating. Luckily the insects were not so bad and the temperature was a cool 68 degrees. I quickly chewed on a protein bar before the next leg of my journey. 

It was consoling to be alone; I could mull over some issues in solitude. It was tough to be the manager of such a large facility. My crew had grown to 16 people this summer; thank God they all got along together. My thoughts stuck on one seasonal worker in particular, Janie. She was fun-loving, smart, a bit of a brat sometimes, but always a hard worker. She was pretty too. Voluptuous. I hadn't seen tits like that in awhile. She was a bit of a flirt too, so sometimes I didn't know what to make of her. I could tell she had a thing for Neil, one of my aquaculturists. Earlier in the week, Mike and I had confided in each other that we both would jump at the chance to fuck her. Mike was a fisheries technician with three years of experience. Like Neil, he lived at the facility year-round. All three of us were guilty of checking her out when she was unaware of our lustful stares. I was probably too old for her though, as she was 24 and I was almost 35. 

I started to get a bit of a boner while I thought about Janie. Her bright pink hair spawned the nick-name Pinky. She was a bit of a liberal rocker girl from California. We had never had a seasonal like her. She loved to fish and wasn't afraid to get her hands dirty. She played her crazy music too loud, put make-up on before her work shift, and often sunbathed out at the Lake. Her boyfriend back home was lucky; she seemed like a handful in bed. 

Janie had come into the gym room a few times to run on the treadmill while I was lifting, but I had not had the confidence to hit on her. She definitely seemed like the type who would fuck around regardless of her boyfriend back home; I guess I was just too much of a gentleman to hit on her. 

My pace slowed down considerably as my erection got in the way. I contemplated whacking off right there and coating a tree trunk with goo. Instead, I moved my thoughts from Janie to the two men who seemed to be rivaling for her attention. Neil appeared to be in the running, as he walked her home two nights ago. I know Mike had developed a crush on her; however, he was so damned shy I'm sure she would need to make the first few moves to get anywhere with him. 

The hike down the ridge was smoother than expected. My feet were sure and quick, and I didn't have to look after Reece as I descended into the Valley. The hike had only taken me five hours, but the damage was done; I was really muddy. The smell of pine and dirt was somehow comforting. I decided to stop at the Lake for a rest, and then it was only about another mile down the road to the hatchery. 

My heartbeat quickened when I realized Janie was off from work today, and she probably was sunbathing at the Lake. There is a creaky old dock that she likes to spread her towel on. I had stumbled upon her sunbathing a few times since she arrived here a couple of months ago. She hadn't seen me because I stayed tucked in the shrubs, and she only looked around briefly when I groaned during my masturbatory orgasm. I couldn't help it; her small white bikini was too easily imagined as transparent. 

The trail curved around towards the Lake, and I noticed my semi-erection had returned. I craned my neck to get a view of the dock. There she was; splayed out on a magenta colored beach towel. The sun glowed on her golden-white skin and the bikini struggled to hold in all of her curves. Her hair appeared to be in cotton-candy colored pigtails. 

I got comfortable behind a large rock and shrub. I pulled out my mini-binoculars to get a better view of her. She was lying on her back reading a book with her legs bent at the knees and spread slightly. She was wearing dark sunglasses. 

I used a wet-nap from my pack to wipe my dirty hands before reaching into my pants. I found my cock easily and wrapped my hand around it. I imagined Janie's small hand on it instead of mine. I visualized looking down into her bright green eyes surrounded by light-pink strands of hair, her luscious full lips teasing the tip of my cock. In my mind, she freed her large breasts from the tight string bikini, and held them up to me like a prize she had won which she was showing off. 

When I opened my eyes, I noticed that she had put her book down. She seemed to be adjusting her swim suit, tucking the curves back into the fabric. I quickly grabbed the binoculars to get a closer look. Indeed, she was running her fingers under the seams of her bikini. Janie lingered for awhile with her hands near her crotch. She glanced around and up towards the road a few times before continuing. It was unmistakable as she reached her hand into the crotch of her suit to stroke her pussy. My mouth let out a small sigh as I increased the friction on my shaft. I couldn't believe what I was witnessing! She arched her back as she moved her left hand all around her large globes. I watched in amazement as she moved the cups of her bikini top to the side and her large pink nipples came into view. They were the same color as her hair!

I should go down there, my mind screamed. But I was nervous. What if she laughed at me or called me a pervert? She's so pretty and sexy. Now would be the time, she is horny and would clearly appreciate a hard cock. I continued to argue with myself as I watched Janie masturbate. I had just about made up my mind to go down there and "catch her" when I heard her call out in my direction.

"Hey, get down here; I've been waiting for you!"

I froze and my blood turned to ice. I glanced around nervously. Was she speaking to me? I said nothing and tried to hide myself completely behind the rock. 

"I got my pussy all wet and ready while I was waiting for you!" she called towards me again. She sat up on her arm and looked like a fantastical mermaid calling to me. 

I took a breath and just about stood up to reveal myself when I heard the sound of heavy boots walk past me on the trail. Someone was only five feet away from my hiding spot! The figure walked right past me, oblivious to my presence and continued down the trail towards Janie. When he got far enough ahead of me, I recognized him as Neil. A plethora of feelings shot through me, excitement, disappointment, confusion. I wanted to be with Janie, but this scenario was also highly arousing. My erection throbbed in response.

Taking my place behind the rock, I released my cock from the confines of my pants. I watched with growing interest as Neil lumbered down to where Janie sat upon her colorful towel, like a butterfly posing on a flower. He said nothing as he approached her; she stood to welcome him, and brought him into her arms. They kissed deeply and Neil wrapped his arms around her middle.

I watched them through the specs as Neil lowered her to the wooden dock and kissed all around her neck and chest. The bikini top was pushed to the sides already, so her breasts were exposed, but he removed it anyway. Neil climbed on top of her supple body and pushed her magnificent tits together. He sucked on each large nipple in turn, and then pressed them tightly together so he could suck both at the same time. Janie moved her head from side to side with pleasure. I could hear her groan and hiss with ecstasy as Neil ravaged her firm bountiful breasts. 

Janie pushed Neil up to his knees and turned around. She stuck her big beautiful butt in my direction, the suit fabric straining at her hips. Each mound of ass cheek was perfectly proportioned: round, firm, and lightly tanned. I wanted so badly to reach out and squeeze a cheek, as I watched her through the lenses. I could make out the curve of her pussy mound between her luscious ass cheeks.

Janie shook her rump invitingly as she fished around inside Neil's board shorts for his cock. I couldn't see it because her face was blocking the view, but the way she moved her head at his groin told me that she was sucking him off. 

I decided to move to a spot with a better vantage point. I held my cock in my hand as I quickly darted for the next shrubbery. Of course they didn't see me; I probably could have walked right onto the dock before either one became aware they were being watched. I still hid behind some foliage, but was much closer than before and didn't need to use the specs to see what naughty things they were doing.

Janie's mouth stretched around Neil's cock as she hollowed her cheeks to suck him. Neil grabbed onto her pigtails and gently humped his pelvis against her face. I watched in wonder as her tongue came out to dance all around his cockhead and shaft. She seemed to be very experienced at blow jobs; Neil was groaning loudly and there was not a shortage of saliva for lubrication. I love a messy sloppy blow job, so watching Janie attend to my employee was quite arousing. I felt the semen stirring in my balls. God, how I wished she was sucking my cock!

In order to keep my climax at bay, I slowed my strokes. I couldn't wait for them to start fucking. My mind raced with the possible positions in which Neil would take her; I had to concentrate on my breathing to remain calm. I massaged my thumb over the spongy head of my cock and wiped away a small dollop of clear pre-cum. 

My live entertainment continued their display. Neil groaned loudly as Janie's plump lips devoured his manhood. She took him all the way down to the base; something I have only seen in pornographic films by adult performers. Her profile was stunning: eyes slit under heavy black lashes, a slight flush to her cheek, elegant nose with flared nostrils, and a slacked jaw to accommodate his length. Drool escaped the side of her mouth as she crammed as much of his dick into her mouth as possible. His pubic hair brushed up against her nose and she backed away stifling a gag reflex. She gave him her mega-watt smile.

Janie righted herself but stayed on her knees in front of him, and offered her tits to him. Neil grabbed hold of his rock-hard member and slapped it across her fleshy titties a couple of times. She pulled them apart and let him slide his coral-pink length between her melons. Janie clasped her hands tightly on either side of her breasts and made a deep furrow for Neil to enjoy. Every time he thrust into her chest, she lowered her pretty pink tongue to coat the head of his cock. Her tits were so large; they hid most of his length from view. 

I was lazily stroking my smooth shaft and holding my balls in my non-dominant hand, when I heard a rustle in the bushes on the trail above me. I ducked down completely on my knees as footsteps could be heard approaching to the left. Who was going to stumble onto this sex show now, I wondered? 

"Starting without me; I should have known!" a voice came from my left. 

I dared not look up though, as surely I would be seen. I recognized the voice as belonging to Mike; there was a slight lisp. His opening line really bewildered me. Was all this planned? I suddenly felt like the person in the circle of friends who was not invited to the Super-Bowl party. Like the one on the outside of an inside joke. My cock became slightly flaccid but I continued to watch the scene unfold.

Janie let go of the force on her tits and let them slide away from Neil's boner. They were coated in moisture and rode high on her chest, pointing straight out at Mike as he approached the lovers. He had a quilt under one arm.

"Hi, cutie!" she called to him. He said nothing, just unbuttoned his fly.

"We said meet at six," Neil explained, "I was just getting her ready for ya, Mike." He chuckled and stepped back. Mike's lips spread wide to reveal a crooked grin.

"I shoulda got here at five, then, huh?" 

Mike pulled out his quickly growing hard-on and wiggled it in Janie's face. She placed one hand on either man's genitals and stared up into their faces. Both men had goofy expressions of lust and amazement on their mugs. She stroked each penis with expertise, alternating so she was pulling on Neil's as she was pushing on Mike's. Then she lowered her mouth first over Mike's quickly expanding cockhead, and then Neil's. Her tongue darted out in swift serpentine licks, and she moved the two rods so they were closer together, almost touching. That way she could easily move between the two large pistons pumping at her. 

My cock, too, had resumed full salute as I watched my new seasonal work two pieces of cockmeat with sure fingers and a delicate tongue. Once they were both completely hard, Janie alternated sucking each down her throat. As she deep-throated one, her small hand would work over the shaft of the other, jerking, twitching, and massaging. I loved the way her cheek bulged out, full of cockmeat. 

Then she did something that surprised me; she pushed both phallus heads together so they were touching at the tip, and sucked them into her mouth at the same time. The act caught me off-guard but curiously aroused me. Neither of the men seemed to mind, and she continued to service them at the same time without batting an eyelash. Janie's cheeks hollowed as she applied strong suction to their cockheads.

"Fuck, I need some pussy," Neil complained. "She's been blowin' me for damn-near twenty minutes, and I can't take much more."

Mike stepped back and grabbed the quilt he had brought with him from the bunkhouse. He spread it on the dock and all three climbed on top of it. Neil sprawled out on his back, his erection poking straight up into the air like a flagpole. He said something to Janie which I didn't catch, but she smiled and straddled his lap, facing towards me and away from him. She licked her hand and ran it over her sweet cunt lips before clutching Neil's cock in her fist. Janie lowered her body down when she found the right spot. Both lovers let out an audible sigh of pleasure.

Neil secured Janie by the hips as she flexed her young fresh body over him. She was squatting on her heels and leaning back, so her strawberry pigtails dangled in his face. I couldn't tear my eyes away from her frantically swaying tits. They rocked around on her chest in large circular motions as he fucked her from below. The nipples were erect and cherry-red as they danced atop the hefty globes of flesh.

My hand jerked my shaft quickly on its own accord. More pre-cum pooled at the eye of my cock. I wanted to see their union in close-up, so I reached for the binoculars. 

What a sight! The binoculars made it so I was a mere three feet from their connection. Janie's cunt was truly stunning: shaved for the most part, small strands of curly light-brown pubes just above the slit, and thick meaty outer labia. Her clitoris was ruby red and protruding quite a ways away from her crotch. Her small inner folds gripped him as he drove in and out of her sexy pussy. 

Neil grabbed Janie tightly around her waist and pushed himself in to the hilt so I could only see her plump mons resting above his ball sac. She wailed in uneasy delight and reached down to their union as if it hurt. She lowered her body onto her knees and their thrusts were short and urgent. Her succulent tummy blocked my view, but Neil's balls continued to slap against her silky mound. 

Something flesh-colored blocked my view through the binoculars. I moved them away from my eyes and saw Mike, buck naked, standing before Janie. His body completely hid her gorgeous face, but I knew by the way he moved his hips in front of her that she was sucking him off while also being fucked. That realization almost made me cum, but I struggled to hold my composure. 

I decided to move to the next cluster of foliage to get a better view. As before, I darted swiftly with my hands over my bare genitals to a closer spot. Now I could see the action more in profile.

Mike's head relaxed back in pleasure as Janie sucked him casually. His hands came up to stroke her pretty cheek and delicate neck, and then buried his fingers into her loose braids. Mike had an impressive cock, much larger than my own, and I was amazed by how deep Janie could take him down her sweet throat. She mewled and gurgled as he fucked her mouth, only gagging once while she stared up at him through teary eyes. He reached down a wiped a few tears off her porcelain cheek before holding her jaw and neck still so he could hump into her face harder. 

After a few more thrusts, Mike embraced Janie under her arms and lifted her into his strong arms. He cuddled her for a second before lowering her to the quilt on her hands and knees. Her body shuddered and shook at the loss of a large object from her vacuuming cunt. She wont be empty for long, I thought, as Mike took position behind her wonderfully golden ass.

With one sure stroke, Mike filled her painfully vacant pussy. She sighed with relief as if she only felt whole with a stuffed cunt. Mike groaned loudly in appreciation.

"Fuck, I love your cunt, Janie!" he exclaimed roughly. He pushed down on her upper back so her face was flat against the quilt and her ass was high in the air. He groped her ass in a frenzy; trying to feel every square inch of her twitching flesh. His fingers buried into her crack to explore her asshole, ran down her lovely muscular legs to her knees, and gripped her hips forcefully as he pounded into her. Janie responded by wailing and moaning like a ghoul out of some cheap horror flick.

Neil had moved around to her anterior, and stroked his own shaft mere inches from her face. She hadn't noticed, as the desperate fucking she received from Mike kept her eyes shut tightly and her head buried in the blanket. 
