 Thursday morning and Janie was barely awake when she felt Fred pawing at her tits. "Here we go again," was her first thought. Immediately ashamed of the thought, she reached down and found her husband already had his shorts off. She grasped his hard penis, knowing he wouldn't leave her alone until he got it off. Just as they did several times a week, Fred pulled her nightgown up while she obligingly opened her legs for him. As usual, he mounted her and, with almost no foreplay, shoved his dick in. She had to admit, it did feel good to have her pussy filled, but she knew that was going to be the only reward she got. Closing her eyes, Janie fantasized that she was being fucked by someone else. Someone with a big dick - and someone who would use it to be sure she had her own pleasure. 

But it wasn't some fantasy lover. It was Fred. True to form, in and out for about two minutes and bang - he was done and out and getting up. 

Janie laid there, completely unsatisfied, listening to Fred clean up in the bathroom. When he was through she got up and headed in to the bath, holding her nighty between her legs so she wouldn't drip semen on the carpet. "I might as well just suck him off in the morning," she thought. "It would be quicker and a lot less messy. He's not going to do anything for me anyway." 

Later, over breakfast, Fred reminded her that he was going out of town to a business meeting and wouldn't be back until the next Tuesday. "Hate to leave you alone for the weekend again, Babe, but the boss says I have to go." 

"That's okay," she said. "Sally and I are going to dinner and a movie Saturday." 

"You and your sister behave now," he said kiddingly. "She's such a wild woman." Sally was probably the least wild person Janie knew, which Fred was well aware of. 

"I think we can restrain ourselves," she said. Janie didn't believe for a minute that Fred was going to "behave himself." It seemed odd to her that he had so many business trips on weekends and she assumed that these trips were not all usiness. "Probably has another woman somewhere, she thought. "I wonder if he's any better in bed with her than he is with me. I'd really be mad if he's getting her off and leaving me frustrated. Well, at least he won't be grabbing at me all weekend. Maybe he'll be all fucked out and leave me alone next week." 

Later at work that morning Janie got a call from her sister. Sally's little boy was sick and she didn't want to leave him with her husband. "Sorry I have to cancel." she said. 

"That's okay. Maybe I'll rent a movie or something." Janie really wasn't upset not to be spending Saturday night with her sister, but she did wish she had something to do. What she really wanted was for her fantasy lover - the one with the big dick - to show up at her door. 

"Not much chance of that," she thought, resigned to another lonely evening. 

When Janie got home that evening, she stopped and visited a few minutes with her neighbor Bette. 

"You seem kinda down," Bette observed. 

"Yeah, I suppose. Fred's off on another of his business trips this weekend and I'm really not looking forward to sitting home alone again." 

"Uh," Bette said, "Ted and I are having a party Saturday. You're welcome to come, but. . ." Janie was well aware of the kinds of parties Bette and Ted threw. They were pretty open about their swinging, and Janie knew this would be another of their sex parties. 

"Well, I'm mad at Fred, but not sure I'm that mad," she said. "Or am I? It would serve him right," she added to herself. "I think I'll have to miss it," she said aloud to Bette. 

"Well, if you change your mind let me know. Always room for another woman." 

Despite her best intentions Janie couldn't get the party out of her mind, even though she knew she wouldn't go. And the more she thought the angrier she got at Fred. He was off somewhere probably fucking some woman's brains out, while she was going to sit at home watching old movies. Life just wasn't fair. 

When she finally got home from work Friday she knew she had to talk to someone or she'd go nuts. Sally was definitely out. She was certainly the wrong person to discuss your sex life with. Hell, it would shock her to have Janie admit she had a sex life. Janie realized that probably the only person she knew she could talk about omething like that with was Bette. "Nothing's gonna shock Bette," she thought as she rang up her neighbor. 

"You busy," she asked on the phone. 

"Not really, Ted and I are just watching some TV. Do you need something?" 

"Yeah, I need to talk. Can you come over, I'll make some coffee." 

"Why don't I bring some wine instead. I'll be right over." 

So, over a glass of red wine, Janie poured out her heart to her neighbor. "He never even tries to satisfy me," she admitted. "The only time he pleases me is when he goes down on me, and I practically have to force him to do that. And now he off somewhere banging some floozy, probably giving her multiple orgasms." 

Finally, after exhausting her grievances, and after several glasses of wine, Janie asked tentatively, "Tell me about your party, I suppose it will be a drunken orgy?" 

"Orgy, maybe. Certainly not drunken. We'll be having four other couples over. We'll all drink some wine or soda. The men don't like to drink too much. It impairs their, uh, performance." 

"Oh yeah, performance is good," Janie joked. "Then what happens?" 

"We sort of pair up, although sometimes there are more than two to a pair. We have the spare bedroom set up with mattresses on the floor, and we just kinda drift in and out of there. Usually by that time we're all pretty much naked." 

"I suppose you have to do it with everyone?" Janie asked. 

"Oh no. Nobody has to do anything she, or he, doesn't want to. You take part in just as much or as little as you care to, and you can always say no. Hell, there's one guy who doesn't have sex at all. All he does is videotape his wife. But if you ask," Bette added quickly, "he won't include you in the video. He's very considerate that way." 

"So, if I came I could just watch if I wanted?" 

"Sure, if that's what you want." 

"I'm not sure I'd have the nerve to undress in front of a bunch of strangers anyway," Janie mused. 

"Really, when everyone else is naked you feel more out of place dressed than undressed," Bette pointed out. "I should tell you, though, some of the women play with other women too. Not all of them, but most. Would that bother you?" 

"The whole party idea bothers me," Janie responded. "But I have to admit it intrigues me, too. Maybe I just need to fuck someone who will think about my needs as well as his own. But I don't know if I could do it." Janie thought of her fantasy lover and shivered, wondering if he would be at the party. "That's silly," she thought. "He doesn't even exist." 

"Well, you will be welcome. Just come on over if you want." 

Janie debated with herself all day Saturday, without coming to any decision. Then, as it started to get dark, she heard car doors slamming and the sounds of couples talking and laughing. Peeking out the window, she saw two couples greeting each other with hugs. Then the door opened and they went inside. Janie noted that as usual, Bette had covered all the windows. 

Janie sat for a while, speculating on what was going on inside the darkened house. Was "he" there? The more she thought, the more uncomfortably hot she felt. She realized that the heat she was feeling was coming from between her legs. For the first time in a long time Janie put her hand under her skirt and touched herself, discovering that her panties were wet. Still debating about the party, she began rubbing her clit through the nylon. Pulling them off, she worked a finger in and out of herself. Her breathing became ragged as she continued to masturbate until suddenly an orgasm overcame her. Shaking with passion, she fingered herself through her climax. As she calmed down, she made the decision, "Okay girl. That was nice, but you really need a man. Go on over there and get yourself a nice cock." 

Not stopping to put her panties back on, Janie grabbed her bottle of wine and headed next door while she still had the nerve. As soon as she knocked, she started having second thoughts. Behind the door she distinctly heard the sound of voices moaning. She was about to turn around when the door was opened by a red headed woman holding a sheet around herself. 

"You must be Janie," the woman said. "Bette told us you might dropping over. I'm Nora. Come on in." 

As the door closed behind her, Nora dropped the sheet revealing herself to be completely nude. In the living room, several other people were sitting around in various stages of undress. Janie acknowledged Ted's hello. It felt odd to Janie to see her neighbor sitting there so casually naked. "This is Jenny," Nora said indicating a beautiful young black woman sitting next to Ted. Janie could see that Jenny held Ted's penis in her hand. 

As Janie tore her eyes away from Ted's sex, Nora said, "Bette's in the bedroom with Troy and Pam. They'll be out in a little bit. This is my husband, Stan," she went on, indicating a bald headed guy wearing boxers. "And these are Lee and Julie," pointing out an older couple sitting naked on the sofa. Even though he looked to be at least 60, Lee was a very handsome man with a full, white beard "I think I'm going to need some wine," Janie said, trying to get used to what she was seeing. Just then, Bette came into the room. She and a younger woman were walking on either side of a huge black man. Not seeing her, Bette and the girl turned and kissed the man (Troy?) on each cheek. At the same time, they both reached and squeezed the others' breast. 

As Bette spotted her, she said, "Oh hi, Janie. I'm so glad you came over. This is Troy. We've been giving Troy a little fun." That was obvious from the grin on his face. 

"And this is Pam," nodding at the girl beside her. As Pam gave her a hug, Janie was embarrassingly aware of the naked breasts rubbing against her chest. 

When Pam gave her a kiss on the cheek Janie found that Pam's face smelled like Fred's did after going down on her. With a shock, Janie realized that she was smelling her neighbor's sex on the girl. "Well, she did say some of the women played with other women. I just didn't realize Bette was talking about herself." 

Troy reached out to shake her hand. As she took his hand, Janie spotted the fattest dick she'd ever seen. "Oh my god, I don't know if I could get my hand around that thing," she blurted out. "And it's not even hard. Wow!" 

"Let me know when you're ready to try," Troy responded, further embarrassing Janie. 

All Janie could think at the moment was, "Troy's not not exactly what I imagined 'him' to be like, but that could sure be 'his' cock." 

"I'm just going to open my wine," Janie said aloud, buying some time to get herself calmed down. 

"There's a corkscrew and glasses in the kitchen. Help yourself." 

After getting her glass filled, Janie returned to the living room. 

Bette and Pam were sitting on the floor, while standing next to them was a young man completely dressed. He was holding a video camera in his hand and Janie realized this must be Pam's husband. "This is Hal," Bette said, confirming her guess. "Hal, I don't think Janie wants to be taped." 

"That's right," Janie agreed. I'm not even supposed to be here." 

"No problem," said Hal agreeably. "You won't be in any pictures." 

That's when Janie took in what else was going on in the room. Troy was sitting on a folding chair and Nora was on the floor in front of him, stroking his cock. It looked as if she was trying to get it hard again. "Don't blame her," Janie thought. "That must be spectacular when it's full sized." 

Ted and Jenny were still on the love seat, but now Jenny was bent over with Ted's dick in her mouth. 

Janie saw that Lee was sitting alone on the sofa and for the first time she could see what he had between his legs. "Damn, that thing must be at least ten inches. These must be the two biggest cocks in the city, and I could have either of them. Hell, I could have both of them if I dared." Realizing that her fantasy could actually come true, she knew that she would have to dare. Taking a big gulp of her wine, Janie went over and sat next to Lee. 

Lee started to put his hand on her leg, then withdrew it. "Probably he's been told I may not be participating tonight. Well, girl, it's now or never." Janie reached across Lee and sat her glass on the end table. As she pulled her arm back, she dropped her hand and took hold of his cock. "You don't mind, do you?" she asked with a smile. 

"I certainly don't," he replied. Immediately his hand was on her thigh "I hope you don't mind." 

"Not at all," she said as she rubbed his long dick. Realizing it was still soft, she asked, "How long does this thing get when it grows up?" 

"Keep that up and you'll soon find out." 

"My pleasure," she said as she continued lightly stroking him. Lee slipped his hand under her skirt and ran a finger over her pussy lips. "Ooh," Janie said teasingly. "I must have forgotten to put on my panties." With that, Lee forced his finger into her. This time she said "Oooh" for real. 

Lee continued fingering her while she kept stroking him, making the long dick get harder in her hand. Meanwhile, she watched as Jenny stood up and straddled Ted's lap, his cock disappearing into her. Next to them, Nora had her mouth stretched wide open taking in Troy's monster. Janie was struck by the contrast of Nora's white cheeks and the blackness of the dick between her lips. 

"I should have warned you," Bette interjected. "Not everyone waits to get to the bedroom." With that, Bette went over and stood next to Jenny. Bette moved her hand down the chocolate colored girl's butt until she was cupping her husband's balls. At the same time, Bette took one of Jenny's nipples in her mouth. That was when Lee stuck a second finger into Janie, almost triggering an orgasm. 

"You are really getting wet, girl. Think we should go to the bedroom?" Lee said. 

"You must have read my mind," she answered as she pulled away from his hand and stood up. Taking in a big gulp of air, Janie removed her blouse and bra, brazenly exposing her breasts. Still seated, Lee pulled her skirt down over her hips. He then leaned over and kissed her pussy, moving his head back and forth so his nose was rubbing her clit. Janie gasped self-consciously, then looked around the room and realized that no one even seemed to notice. "So much for showing off," she thought. Lee took her hand and led her down the hall. That's when Bette looked up and gave her the thumbs up sign before returning to the tit she was sucking. 

When they got to the bedroom she saw the floor was covered with mattresses. Lee had her lie on her back and eased her legs apart. He then knelt between them and lowered his face to her crotch. Janie moaned slightly as his tongue ran up her pussy lips. She moaned again when it began flicking across her clit. He alternated licking around her sensitive nub and dipping his tongue into her. Janie's crotch was on fire, and she knew she was getting wetter and wetter. "Oh yeah," she whispered as he sucked her clit between his lips and slid a finger into her. "That's it, that's it," she murmured as the heat he was creating began coursing through her body. 

Janie squirmed and cried out again and again as Lee put a second finger into her. He worked them deeper into her. Janie could feel the juices running out of her, soaking his face. Suddenly, "ohmygodohmygodOHMYGOD," she yelled as she starting cumming. Involuntarily she arched her back, forcing herself harder against him. Again and again she bucked. Waves of orgasm shook her as Lee continued to fuck her with his fingers and his tongue. As her climax finally started to wane she thought to herself, "My god, what hit me? I've never cum like that with Fred. What the fuck have I been missing?" 

Janie reached down and pulled Lee's head away from her pussy, pulled him up and kissed him on the face. Never having made love to a bearded man before, she was surprised at how wet his faces was. His beard was soaked with her cum, the smell and taste of it intoxicating her. Breaking off the kiss, she said, "Damn that was good. I'm ready to find out if you fuck as good as you eat pussy." 

"He sure does," Janie heard a woman's voice say. Janie realized that Julie and Stan were standing next to them. Julie leaned over and kissed her husband on the lips. "Mmm," she said, "you taste like pussy, Hon." Kissing him again, she said, "Tastes good, too." Julie then surprised Janie by kissing her on the lips. "You're in for a real treat, my dear." Julie said, then laid on her back. Looking up at Stan, she said, "And I'm ready for a treat, too." With that, Stan got to his knees and began licking Julie's pussy. "That's it, baby. Eat that pussy." 

Janie laid still for a moment, wondering about Julie's kiss, and wondering why it pleased her so. Then she felt Lee's dick against her pussy. Pushing him back, she said, "I'd like to be on top." If she was going to take a cock that long for the first time, she certainly wanted to be in charge. 

"Sounds good to me," Lee said as they exchanged places. 

Janie got on her knees, straddling Lee's hips. She took hold of his cock and lightly slid her hand up and down on it. "Hard as a rock," she thought. "and easily 12 inches. Damn, I hope I can take this thing." She rubbed his head against her pussy lips, and slowly sank about half way down on the hard rod. She hesitated, getting used to the feel of the big dick inside her. 

"Take it, babe. Take the whole thing," Lee said encouragingly. Obligingly she slid the rest of the way down his pole, feeling cock deeper in her than she had ever experienced before. "Oh yeah," Lee said quietly, "your cunt is so good. So hot and tight." Janie smiled, enjoying the compliment from this experienced man. 

Slowly, Janie slid halfway off the cock, then back down. Lee was moaning slightly as she repeated this movement. Janie had her head thrown back, luxuriating in the pleasure she was receiving. As she came back down again she felt fingers against her lips. Looking down, she saw that Julie had one finger on either side of her husband's cock. Janie hesitated, gently trapping the fingers between her pussy and Lee's belly. Julie then rubbed her thumb across the younger woman's clit, eliciting a gasp from her. Janie began rocking forward and back, completely lost in the feeling of the incredibly long dick buried in her and the pleasure of having her clit gently stimulated by a woman at the same time. Finally Julie withdrew the hand. Janie fell forward, supporting herself with her hands on either side of Lee's shoulders. She rocked harder, rubbing her clit against Lee's pubic bone. The orgasm built slowly, seeming to come on in slow motion as she continued to rock. 

"Unh, unh, uhn," was all she could say as the heat was radiating out of her. Pressing her clit harder against Lee, "EiieeeEEE," burst from her as she shook in climax. She continued to emit animal noises as the strength of the orgasm rocked her again and again. It seemed to last forever before it finally flamed out and she collapsed on Lee's chest. 

As Janie got her breath back, she realized that Lee was still hard and buried deep in her cunt. Looking at him, she said, "Don't you ever cum?" 

"Oh yes, I will," he responded. "But I believe in 'ladies first.'" 

"Well, this lady didn't even know she could cum that hard. Thanks." 

"I said you were in for a treat," Julie said between moans as Stan continued to lick her. Julie had both hands on the back of Stan's head, guiding him. Janie could tell the other woman was close to cumming herself. 

