 Janie's a cute little redhead and since age 18, she's had a fantasy about being gangbanged by 7 or 8 athletic, muscular, well hung, studs. She began dating Phil, a guy she's simply crazy about, 8 months ago. Recently, they were in bed enjoying wild sex, when she divulged the details of her fantasy gangbang. Phil laughed, finding the fantasy humorous, but when he saw the excitement that came over his redheaded sweetheart's face, while she related details of the fantasy to him, he realized it was a long held and treasured dream.

As it turned out, Janie had her 24th birthday coming up in just a few weeks time, and that gave Phil just enough time to arrange for her fantasy to come true. He belonged to a lacrosse team, the Red Eagles, and he arranged for 8 of his team mates to provide Janie with the fantasy gangbang that she dreamed of for so many years. 

The location would be the team's clubhouse which was equipped with a large exercise gym, complete with weight lifting equipment and heavy floor padding. Phil arranged for his eight team mates to be waiting in the clubhouse when he arrived with Janie on her birthday. She'd be handcuffed and blindfolded, so wouldn't be aware of what was happening until they began undressing her. 

Here's Janie's recount of her birthday present: 

The day of my birthday arrived and when Phil showed up at my apartment, I was sitting at the table leafing through a magazine. He snuck up behind me and put his hands over my eyes. "Sweetheart, this is your birthday and I have a big surprise for you. I'm going to take you somewhere very special, but you have to wear this blindfold."

He quickly slipped a blindfold over my eyes and knotted it behind my head. "Now sweetie, I'm going to lead you to the car and we'll drive to where your surprise is waiting, just ten minutes away." He took my hand, led me to the car and helped me into the front passenger seat.

I have lots of questions as we drive along, but his only reply is, "This is a surprise. It would ruin your birthday if I told you where we were going and what we were going to be doing." About ten minutes later, the car comes to a stop and he gets out and opens my door. I step out, a puzzled look on my face. 

He puts his arms around me and kisses me softly. "You'll love the surprise sweetheart, it's something you've dreamed of your whole life. Just relax and enjoy what's about to take place." He takes my hand and leads me along a sidewalk. Seconds later I hear a door open. "Ok, baby, just watch the step as you come through the door."

I realize that we've entered some sort of large room. I can hear the slight echo of our footsteps as we walk along with Phil holding my hand. We've walked about 25 steps when he says, "Now just take a small step up here baby." I step up and my foot comes down on a padded surface that feels like a large matt.

Now, I find myself standing on this soft matted surface in a strange location. "Phil, what's going on?" I ask, a touch of trepidation in my voice. He puts his arm around my waist and whispers in my ear. "This is your fantasy coming true sweetheart. Don't be the least bit afraid. Just enjoy it. It will probably never happen again in your life and you'll remember the excitement always."

He takes his arm from around my waist and reassures me that the birthday gift requires that I be handcuffed. I feel the cold metal of the handcuffs being fastened around my wrists. "Phil?" I say in a worried voice. "I'm getting scared." 

He gives me a short kiss on the lips and whispers, "This is going to be the greatest birthday gift ever baby. I'm not going to be involved, but I'll sitting right over here while your it's being delivered. So don't worry."

I hear his muffled footsteps walking across the matt and then louder footsteps as he reaches the hard flooring. I stand there, waiting to see what's going to happen. Seconds later, I feel fingers undoing the buttons on the front of my silk vest. I resist the overwhelming temptation to scream, preferring to believe that Phil would never allow me to be placed in danger. 

The fingers undo the buttons slowly and carefully. Seconds later, I feel a second set of fingers undoing the button of my dress and slowly sliding the zipper down. "I'm being undressed!" the realization hits me like a runaway truck. "Phil has arranged for people to undress me. I told him about my fantasy of being undressed and gangbanged.... No!... That can't be it! He's probably just hired a couple of people to undress me and then we'll laugh about it and have some cake and ice cream."

At that moment, I feel a hand close on my ankle. It raises my foot while another pair of hands steadies me by holding my hips. The hand at my foot takes my shoe off and then does the same thing with the other foot. "Are you still here Phil?" I ask in a worried voice. From about 25 feet away, I hear your reply, "Of course I'm still here baby. Just relax and enjoy what's happening to you."

"Oh Phil. You are too much." I gasp in a voice that's slightly worried but more than a little excited. The fingers undoing the buttons on my blouse have undone every button and I feel a hand at either side of me taking the vest off. It's my vest with the ties at the shoulder; the one that Phil suggested I wear earlier today. Now I know why. The shoulder ties allow it to be removed without being slid off my arms. 

At the same time, I feel my skirt being pushed down over my hips by several unseen hands and more hands on my ankles raising my feet one at a time to allow me to step out of it. I'm now wearing only my pantyhose, my panties and my bra. I feel fingers unsnap my bra while another set of hands remove it. At the same time, I feel my panty hose being slid down over my hips by three or four sets of hands. My heart rate is increasing steadily and I feel my trepidation being replaced by arousal.

I can feel the cool air of the room we're in against my naked breasts and several fingers being slid beneath the waist band of my panties. They're pushed down over my hips and down over my legs to my ankles. I don't have to be prompted to raise my feet, instead I simple step out of the panties and kick them aside. 

Now, the silence is broken. "Look at that pussy. Redheads have such fantastic looking pussies and this babe has beautiful red hair on her pussy. Yeah, she's a natural redhead" I hear several voices and feel several hands moving over my body, one slides down between my legs and strokes my pussy, "Oh baby, nice pussy." A finger slides between my labia and a male voice says, "Oh, she's so wet. I love it." 

Other hands continue to move over my waist and ass and the inside of my thighs. I feel hands on my breasts, squeezing gently and stroking me softly. Then I feel lips on the nipples. A pair of lips on each nipple, kissing, sucking and licking. A deep voice remarks, "What tits this babe has. They gotta be Ds or even E's and they are so full and firm and heavy. She's put together like a sex bomb."

I hear Phil's voice several feet away. "Ok, guys, I think she knows what's happening now. Take the blindfold and cuffs off. I feel a pair of fingers untying the knot of my blindfold and another pair of hands removing the handcuffs. The blindfold falls to the floor and I snap my eyes shut in the bright lights.

I begin opening my eyes slowly as they become accustomed to the brightness of the room. I'm surrounded by about 8 men, all of them very muscular and fit looking. They're naked and all of them have huge cocks, all of which are erect and stiff with arousal. I feel a jolt of excitement when I see the lust in their eyes and my pussy is beginning to get embarrassingly wet and oozing with need. 

The men surround me and one puts his arms around me and takes me gently to the matt, helped by several others who lift my legs and hold my arms. I glance over at Phil, to see if I can gauge what he's thinking. I don't want to get involved in this if he has a look of disapproval. My fears are quickly eliminated when I see him smiling broadly, quite pleased that the surprise gangbang he's arranged is going so well.

"I want you to enjoy every minute of this sweetheart. You'll probably never get such an opportunity again. I want you to meet Harry, Bill, Pete, Jack, Jimmy, Gus, Tyrone and Hank. They're all members of the "Red Eagles" my lacrosse team. They're not going to treat you with kid gloves, but they're not going to hurt you either. Then, his eyes grow dark and he says in a loud clear voice, "Right guys?"

I lie back and Bill, a tall dark haired man, about 25 years old lies down beside me. He leans over and kisses me and as he does, he takes my shoulders and rolls over, pulling me on top of him. I feel his hand going down between our hips. He grasps his cock and I feel him placing the tip against my pussy. "Okay baby, let's fuck." he whispers hoarsely and then pushes his thick cock between my pussy lips and deep into my vagina. 

I gasp as his cock pushes hard against my cervix. The feeling that comes over me is pure pleasure. His hard body against me, his hard cock inside of me. I moan softly as he begins moving in and out of me. Just as I'm getting used to the thick cock that's been jammed into my pussy, I feel hands separating my ass cheeks. I look over my shoulder and Jimmy, a cute blonde guy, is spitting on his hand and rubbing it into his cock head. I feel the thick head of his cock being lodged against my anus and seconds later, it presses hard against my tight asshole. 

I raise my ass up to meet his cock and make entry less difficult. After three or four hard pushes, I feel my asshole being spread and stretched around the head of his cock. He continues pushing and in less than a minute, his cock is all the way into my tight opening. He begins to move in and out and soon his heavy balls are slapping rhythmically against the inside of my thighs. The sensation of having a huge cock in my pussy and another in my asshole at the same time is pleasurable beyond description and I feel my head swimming with excited lust.

As I turn my head forward again, I see a pair of narrow muscular hips and a huge cock, with precum oozing from the tip, right in front of me. It's Harry, a dark haired, tall, muscular guy. He moves his cock closer and whispers, "Suck it baby. Suck it hard for me." I respond to his request in less than a heart beat. I open my mouth and slide it eagerly over the thick mushroom shaped head of his cock. I feel his hand behind by head, pulling my mouth further over his raging erection. 

It's sensual overload. I feel my back muscles contracting and my vagina begins pulsating wildly as an orgasm of wonderfully erotic proportions strikes. I moan loudly "Oh fuck! Oh fuck I'm cumming. Oh fuck yeah!" I close my eyes and let the waves of pleasure wash over me like an ocean wave. My hips thrust wildly and I grind my clitoris as hard as I can against the thick, rock hard base of Bill's cock. 

Finally, the contractions pass and I realize that everything is still in motion. Bill is still fucking my pussy. Jimmy is still fucking my ass and Harry's huge cock is still lodged in my mouth. As I resume sucking Jimmy's cock, I feel a hand on either side of me trying to reach my tits. I raise my torso and feel the hands slide beneath and begin squeezing and massaging my breasts. "I look to my left and see Jack, a rusty haired, handsome man. He's massaging my breasts with one hand and jerking off his huge red tipped cock with the other. 

I look to my right and see Pete, a handsome guy with dark brown hair. He's also massaging one of my tits with one hand and jerking off with the other. The sight off all of these muscular, good looking guys getting excited by my body is ultra arousing and I'm loving what's happening to me after so many years of fantasizing.

I feel a hand raising my right hand and look up to see Gus, a blonde Scandinavian guy. He places his throbbing erection into my hand and moves it up and down. I immediately oblige and begin stroking his beautiful cock gently. He smiles and leans his head back to enjoy the touch of a female who obviously arouses him greatly. I feel another hand taking hold of my left hand and look over to see the smiling face of Hank. He's a dark haired, muscular Italian guy and he places my hand on his huge, uncut cock. I begin stroking it lovingly. As soon as I feel it pulsing excitedly in my hand, the telltale signs of an impending orgasm begin rolling over me. 

My breath begins to roar in my throat and my hips begin thrusting involuntarily. My back muscles begin to tighten and I can feel tiny electrical sparks running up and down the length of my vagina. I can feel Bill's huge, hard pumping cock, sliding effortlessly in and out of my completely dilated pussy and the excitement and pleasure of what's happening turns into a mind blowingly fantastic orgasm. I moan deeply and shout "Oh fuck, I'm going to cum again. Oh fuck it feels so fucking good."

I lie there, for a moment, savoring the fantastic afterglow of my climax. But almost immediately, I'm brought back to the reality of what's happening. All of these horny, sexy guys are still fucking my ass, my pussy, my mouth, my hands and jacking off to the feel of my tits. "What a fantastic group of lovers!" I think to myself. These guys, especially Bill and Jimmy, have been inside of me for what seems like hours and they still haven't cum. 

At that very moment, I hear Bill groan in a loud voice, "Oh yeah, Here it cums, Oh yeah, it feels so fucking fantastic." I feel his cock jerking inside of my vagina as he fills me with semen. He pushes as far into me as he can and my pussy is jammed full of his cock. He cums for 20 or 30 seconds, moaning loudly as jet after jet of sperm explodes against my cervix.

Just as he finishes, I hear Jimmy begin to breath heavily and groan with obvious passion. The sight of Bill cumming in me had pushed him over the edge and his orgasm was beginning. "Oh fuck. Jesus Christ. I'm gonna cum. Oh fuck yeah. Here it cums!" He pushes hard into my ass and I feel his cock shuddering with excitement as he begins pumping thick, heavy, ribbons of pearly jism into my asshole. I begin to get close to another orgasm. These two fantastic looking guys going off in me with so much passion has me ready to cum again. 

Just then, I feel Harry pulling urgently on the back of my head, "Oh baby, I'm gonna cum. Do you want me to pull out." I pull away from his cock just long enough to say, "Don't you dare pull out Harry. Fill my mouth with your sperm baby." No sooner did I speak the words and push his cock back into my mouth than I felt it jerking up and down as several hot, thick dollops of semen exploded against the back of my throat. I swallowed his fantastic tasting cum as fast as he pumped it into me.

My excitement peaked as Harry was emptying his balls into my mouth and just as he finished, I began. My back arched and my abdominal muscles tightened. I felt my legs begin to tremble with excitement and seconds later, I threw my head back and screamed with uncensored passion. "Oh fuck. I can't believe it. I'm going to fucking cum again!" I pressed my face into my shoulder and let the storm of passion roll over me like a runaway freight train. "Oh fuck, Oh fuck, Oh fuck," was all I could say as my body shook with the force of the orgasm.

I raised my head as I felt Jack cock beginning to jerk and spasm excitedly in my hand. He began ramming it hard into my fist and I realized that he was close to cumming as well. I squeezed the shaft hard and jerked faster and faster. Suddenly he moaned and pulled his cock out of my hand. Then, he moved closer and in a voice shaking with passion groaned, "Oh fuck yeah. That is so fucking nice. Fuck yeah!" I felt the hot, thick, ribbons of cum splashing onto my back and shoulders. The feeling was indescribable. The thick puddles of cum began rolling down towards my ass and pooled in the small of my back.

Bill and Jimmy had gotten back to their feet by then and I rolled over onto my back. I switched hands and continued jacking Pete off. He was so excited by all of the orgasms that are happening that he's ready to cum as well. He pulls back from my hand and moves closer. His cock is aimed directly at my huge tits. He pushes his hips forward and in a hoarse voice, moans "Yeah. This is what I've been waiting for baby." With those words, several thick strings of cum explode from the tip of his cock and splash heavily onto my tits, covering the nipples and areolas with thick, pasty cum.

Pete's cum on my tits feels so sensual. I rub the thick, crawly, sperm laden semen into each breast, each nipple, and moan with pleasure. Meanwhile, Gus and Hank are ready to explode. They've been fingering my sperm flooded pussy for several minutes and their jacking off is ready to produce the cum they've been working towards. They quickly move beside me and press the heads of their cocks against my tits. As they move their swollen tips over me, I see their faces redden with arousal and hear their breathing quickening. 

Gus groans deep in his throat and pushes his hips forward, "Oh yeah! I'm coming. Take it baby!" A fountain of thick, hot cum erupts from the tip of his cock and shoots several inches into the air before falling and splattering on my tits and my left cheek. As he empties his balls on me, he whispers hoarsely, "Take it baby! Take it all?" His cum is huge and some drips down onto the matt beneath me. I smile wantonly as I rub the jism into my breasts and cheek.

 Hank's ejaculation begins as Gus' ends. He presses hard into my tit, moving back and forth with eager anticipation. His face turns purple and his breath races in and out of his lungs. He swings his hips so that his cock is aimed at my face and moans with pleasure as several hot, thick jets of cum explode from his cock and splash in huge gelatinous puddles on my lips, my nose and my eyes. He gives one last thrust, and a final jet of jism lands, hot and thick, in my hair. 

He almost collapses with relief as his cock stops pumping wildly and, now half hard, oozes a long string of semen to the matt. I reach out and squeeze his balls gently, coaxing a second crawly string of passion from his beautiful cock. 

I moan with satisfied exhaustion, thinking my most beautiful experience has come to and end, when I see the final gangbanger, Tyrone, step onto the mat and walk towards me. He's a huge black man with muscles that ripple with power as he walks towards me. His cock towers in front of him like a thick steel pipe. It moves from side to side with each step and bounces with vigorous arousal and excitement. 

I watch in amazement, wondering how my pussy will ever deal with the intrusion of such a scary looking battering ram. At the same time, I can't wait to try. Tyrone smiles widely at me. "Don't worry baby, I'll be careful." I smile back and prepare to be impaled on the near foot long, three inch thick cock that he's grasping in his fist.

He moves his hips ahead and I feel the heat and power in the head of his cock as it presses against my well fucked pussy. He grabs my hips and pulls my pussy slowly onto his huge, purple/black cockhead. I moan as I feel my cunt opening being stretched more than it's ever been stretched before. Tyrone senses my discomfort and whispers loudly,"Just relax your pussy sweetheart and spread your legs farther apart."

I open my legs wider and feel the head moving into the upper section of my vagina. It feels a little painful but also fantastically arousing. Tyrone pulls back and slides in again only an inch or two, several times, making sure that I'm open wide enough to accomodate him. It takes about 2 minutes before I feel his huge cock pressing against my cervix. "Oh fuck Tyrone. That feels so fucking good! Fuck me hard." I sigh in a throaty voice. 
