 "Funny," I thought, watching the hard cock slide into the woman's drooling pussy, "I still think of him as a kid even though he's on that bed out-performing half the men I know" 

He was one of the kids I had talked into joining the Marines and he was enjoying an unofficial enlistment bonus. 

The woman moaned when he jammed in deep and held her, her sound partially muffled by the cock filling her mouth. 

I admired the play of light on his dark skin and how his shadow fell over her back, the two darknesses ever shifting against her paleness. The remnants of her lipstick hinted at the long gone bright red which had brought attention to her mouth, the mouth now sliding up and down a pillar of flesh belonging to one of my other kids, this one having joined last month and simply returning for another taste. I hadn't planned on a wave of eager enlistees. I should have known the damned kids couldn't keep their mouths shut. 

"I might have to find someone to help her out," I muttered 

"Don't you dare," growled the sandwiched woman as she slid her hand up and down the cock she had freed from her mouth, "we've got a deal!" She flashed me a quick grin before lowering her head. 

"Hey, Lisa Ann," I called through the open bedroom door. "How's it going out there?" 

"Real good," came a female's voice, "ever'body is behaving themselves." 

In this case "everybody" meant the rest of the my poolees - kids who had joined and were waiting to go to boot camp. 

Watching the to-and-fro action on the bed I replayed the events that had opened my eyes to the potential of this job. 

We had set up an information booth during the run of the state fair. We borrowed some gear from the local reserve unit, including an artillery piece, to give our little stand the suitable martial air, erected a chin-up bar complete with a log where someone could write their name and number of successful pull ups as a way to challenge the testosterone laden members of the crowd, anyone doing 20 or more getting a few MARINES t-shirt. Various brochures and give-away posters went to provide more tangible memories of an encounter with the local Marine recruiters to anyone else. 

We manned it in pairs, sharing the day among the station staff as well as the street recruiters. I was having a good day, exhorting a goodly number of boys and men up onto our bar, and in general having a fun time when I noticed a moderately attractive dark haired young woman, about 20 years old wearing a tee shirt and tight jeans, carrying about 10 extra pounds in her chest and butt, lingering on the edge of the crowd. As far as I could tell, she wasn't paying any attention at all to the up and down efforts of her fellow fair attendees but every time I looked her way, she was watching me and doing so with that same expression people have when shopping for a new car. 

The crowd thinned and she stayed, drinking from her red cup and wearing a loose smile. "Hi," I said, 'establishing personal contact'. "Hey," she replied, moving closer. "I'm Lisa Ann." Her breath carried a mix of cigarette and beer. 

"I'm Kevin, Lisa Ann," I replied, holding out my hand. "Are you in school?" We weren't actively looking for women recruits but had been told the truly exceptional could be signed up. 

"Naw, I'm in the Air Force," she laughed, taking my hand in a girl shake. 

"Really?" I said, deciding to play nice with our sister service. "What do you do in the Air Force?" 

Her grip tightened and her eyes lit up. 

"Give blow jobs to Marines." Her smile grew wide. "What time do you get off?" 

Whoa! Was this really happening? I glanced at my booth partner. Gunnery Sergeant Hoskins, a lean dark green (black) Marine had obviously heard and was acting as if he hadn't, shuffling and restacking some scattered take-one pamphlets. I looked past him at the temporary shed in which we stored all our paraphernalia over-night. 

"Are you busy right now?" I asked, taking her hand in both of mine. 

She shook her head. "But I could get busy," she said. 

I pulled and she followed. Gunny grinned as I ushered her through the door and into the dimly lit storage space. 

I'll give her this, she knew her business. She was on her knees as soon as I turned around and she didn't need instructions in how to open a Marine belt buckle. She tugged at my hardening cock, gazing at it with that same appraising smile and swiped her tongue across my swelling head. As if she needed to clarify the situation, she looked up at me and said, "Goddam, I love sucking cock!" Then, keeping her eyes on mine, she took me in, swirling and sucking. 

After she had raised me to full erection she set to work in earnest. Her head bobbing was accompanied by the wettest slurping I think I'd ever heard outside of porn. She knew how to play with two hands while delivering with lips, tongue and teeth and didn't mind at all when I grabbed her head and fucked her throat. Coughing to clear her palate, she regained control and I let her drive me off the cliff, leaning back against the cardboard boxes of advertising. Being a gentleman, I warned her of my impending gush and she responded by rolling my tightened balls wriggling her tongue across the most sensitive areas of my cock while my fingers gripped her hair. 

As much as I like cumming in a pussy or tight ass, nothing compares to having your cum sucked out. I'm positive this is how fables of vampires were started because it felt as though she was transferring my life force from me into her. I cursed and shouted and pounded my fist into a stack of fliers as she fed. 

"Oh my fucking God," I gasped when she relinquished me enough to lick the remaining strands from my not quite deflated cock. 

"Ya'll owe me a shirt," she said. I glanced down. In addition to the small semen gobs dotting her shining chin, her very wet oral technique had resulted in drenching her t-shirt which clung nicely to her upper chest. 

"Hold on," I gasped, "I'll get you one." I repaired my uniform and stepped into the sunlight. Gunny was right by the door, shoulders jerking in silent laughter. 

"She needs a new shirt," I said, stepping to toward the stack by the pull up bar. 

"Not yet," he said. I frowned at him. 

"She said 'Marines', young Staff Sergeant," he said and stepped inside. 

"Oh, hi, what's your n-" I heard her say before the door closed. 

He was still inside while I handled the crowd until our reliefs showed up. He came out carrying a box of give-aways and pulled Corporal Richards to one side while I did a quick turn-over with Staff Sergeant Blackfoot, our dour faced female administration chief. Somehow I failed to mention our supply shed guest to her but, judging by his reaction, I'm pretty sure Gunny told baby-faced Richards. 

"You didn't fuck her," he said as we walked away. 

"You did?" 

"Hell yes!" He frowned at me. "You really think a girl who sucks your dick isn't ready to give up her pussy?" 

I shrugged. I hadn't thought about it, just took her up on her offer. 

I came away with two lessons learned. Don't settle for what's first offered, and push to find the real limit. 

"Is she ready?" Lisa Ann called from my living room. I considered my answer. Let's see, as usual we had begun with the woman on the bed sucking me off which was usually enough to get her pussy wet. I'd run my tongue up and down her cock slot a few times to bring her off at least once and really get her motor running. I'd then let DaShonn hammer between her wide spread thighs during which I had counted at least two climaxes to his one. Funny thing about DaShonn, he didn't mind being second, third or dead last in a train but he absolutely refused to nail a girl while another guy is doing her too. After he blew his load into her, I made her suck two cocks until I could see she was desperately rubbing her clit, the emptiness of her pussy driving her crazy. That's when I'd instructed James Earl "Jim-bo" Henderson to get behind her and start fucking. As a troop leader its my responsibility to know my troops and I knew Jim-bo had absolutely no sense of subtlety or finesse. He would fill that empty hole with a hard jack-hammering cock. The new guy, Antwon, played on a team with a long lasting intercity rivalry with Jim-bo, but they seemed to be working well together as she screamed another orgasm into his cock which, in turn, made his eyes bug out and a loud "JAYZUS!" escaped. I listened to her choke and then gulp. Tears were streaming from her eyes and a dribble of high school cum dripped from her chin. 

"Ah, shit, yeah she's ready, but send two, okay?" 

"You got it," came Lisa Ann's reply. 

I jerked my thumb at Antwon, "Take a rest, son, it's a long night." He gave an embarrassed smile and climbed down from my headboard. 

I stood and slapped Jim-bo's still pistoning ass. "Roll over, boy, time to share." 

He groaned he hadn't cum yet and I rapped the back of his head with my knuckles once. "Yessir, Staff Sergeant, sir," he shouted and pulled his dick out with a wet slurping sound and rolled onto his back. 

"Yes, yes, yes," she said as she swung her leg over him and held his thick prick steady just long enough to socket it between her swollen pussy lips and sink onto it. . I knew this would torture Jim-bo because his instinct was to ram, not be ridden. She groaned with delight and guided Jim-bo's hands to her perfect breasts. She glanced behind her as more two naked boys shuffled in. Her smile was marvelous. It was like a child opening a gift on Christmas. 

"Hiya, Mark," she said while her hips rolled around Jim-bo's cock. She held out her wet hand and curled her fingers in invitation. "Why don't you stand over here?" 

"Alright, Miz Clarkson -" 

"Shush, Mark. You know it's Lauren in here." Her fingers curled again. 

He nodded and went to stand beside the bed. 

Lisa Ann's voice came in from the living room, "Kenny, you'll find what you need on the night stand." 

Miss Clarkson, or Lauren as she preferred in these circumstances, pointed to the flat topped tube in case he missed it. Her hips began a back and forth twerking, flashing me images of Jim-bo's thick cock stretching her lips and a froth building up at its base. 

She lowered her chest, pushing those magnificent boobs onto Jim's chest and Mark fed her his already leaking prick. I frowned, not sure how long he would last. She sucked cock pretty damned good. Not as good as Lisa Ann, but still... 

"Excuse me, Staff Sergeant," Kenny muttered, pushing past me while liberally coating his raging hard-on with Astro-glide. I smiled. This would be Ken's first time butt-fucking anyone but unlike Antwon he had insisted it happened during a three-holer. I suspected he didn't want to feel responsible for getting Lauren to cum all by himself. 

I walked into my living room. The last two fresh poolees were on the couch, watching my wide screen TV on which a live video feed from the bedroom played. I had earlier tried playing normal porn while they waited but found they kept gravitating to the open door to peek inside. After a few fist fights erupted when stiff dicks accidently pressed against male butt cheeks I hit on the idea of piping in the action. 

Lisa Ann, the party hostess, wearing a tank top and short skirt, sat between the two boys, softly stroking their cocks while muttering obscenities, giving a pornographic play-by-play and offering tips as to how to please a woman. Now and then she would stop stroking one of the boys and lick the pre-cum from his dick and her hand. 

"Careful there, sweetheart," I cautioned, "That stuff's not yours." 

"Yet," she smirked. 

"Yet," I agreed. I looked at Antwon, sitting on a chair by himself with hungry eyes on Lisa Ann. 

"You remember the rules, son?" 

"Yessir, Staff Sergeant! Everyone gots to fuck Miss - uh, Lauren once and cum in her mouth once and then we can fuck anyone else who wants." He watched when Lisa Ann again lowered her lips to cover a streaming cock. 

"That's right. We're a team in the Corps, everyone has a job to do, everybody pulls their weight!" The more established poolees, including those in the bedroom, instantly erupted with guttural "OOoo-rah!" Antwon smiled wanly when Jimbo's oorah turned into more of an animal roar underwhich I heard barely heard Lauren squeal. 

"Jackson," Lisa Ann said, pulling one of her boy-toys to his feet by yanking on his penis. "You're up, make us proud." She then smiled at Antwon and patted the newly made vacancy. 

"Hold up, sport," I said holding up my hand. "Lisa Ann, may I have a word with you in the kitchen?" 

"Sure thing, Kevin," she said, standing. I watched her ass move beneath the skirt as she made the short journey and felt myself rise. "It's about time," she said. 

"Shut up, and assume the position, bitch." She went to the small dinette table and bent over, spreading her feet wide. I flipped up the back of the skirt to find a smooth pussy gleaming between her thighs. Leaning forward, I pulled the hem of her tank-top up and she gasped as her exposed nipples pressed against the cold surface. 

"You love it," I laughed, nestling behind her so my stiff rod fit between her cheeks. 

"Just fuck me," she grated. 

"You aren't the boss of me," I sing-sang back. 

"Come on..." her hips were moving, well cushioned ass working against my recharged cock. My hands scooped up her tits and I pinched her nipples hard. Her breath caught in her throat and she groaned from need. 

"Come on..." she whined. 

"Maybe I should call one of the boys," I said. 

"No, no, I can't do what she does." She moved backward, pressing. "Don't make me." 

"She's something, ain't she?" I muttered, sliding my hand between her legs and cupping her steaming pussy. 

"I can't believe she's an English teacher," she gurgled when I put my wet fingers into her mouth. 

"Taste your pussy, bitch," I growled. "Me neither," I added, while I let my cockhead nestle against her pussy. She pushed and I pulled back, laughing meanly. "But when I first saw her she made my dick diamond hard and I knew, just knew, that girl was a slut who needed a chance to bust out." 

"Kevinnnn," Lisa Ann moaned, chasing my cock with her pussy. 

"So I told her. Just walked up to her and whispered in her ear I knew her secret. I knew," I slapped Lisa Ann's ass when she bit my at my finger. "I knew she knew she had every dick in the school hard for her, that I knew she knew all the boys and men and half the girls were jacking off to fantasies of her." I laughed and pushed Lisa Ann's face onto the table top. 

"She got this crazy panicky look and then I threw in the kicker," I lunged forward, spearing into Lisa Ann's swampy cunt. "That," I gasped, "she was jilling off every night because of it." 

"Oh, God, fuck me, baby," Lisa Ann said, her tongue flicking at the hand I had against her face. 

I rammed into my personal slut while my boys filled my other slut. 

"Yeah, I gave her my card and made a point of seeing her every time I visited her school that month." 

"And then you fucked her," Lisa Ann gasped, pressing back to meet me. 

"Not at first." I thrust into her hard. "She was scared. She felt like she was trapped by her job, couldn't be herself." I stirred my cock in her slick box. "I told her I understood, that I had similar problems being surrounded by high school pussy all the time." I started a jarring rhythm, the table squeaking in time. 

"And then you fucked her," she gasped again. 

"Yes," I said through grated teeth, "Just to help each other out." 

"Bastard," she moaned as I pulled out and held myself at her opening. 

I chuckled. "Yeah, she's a bigger slut than you. I couldn't keep up with her and she was climbing the walls because I got her going and she was crazy, begging me to do something." 

She grunted as I ram the length of my cock into her. Lisa Ann liked knowing she wasn't the biggest slut in the room. Oh, she still loved cock cream in her mouth more than cock in her cunt but just as Lauren, English teacher at Pilgrim North High School and I had struck a deal wherein she would point me toward likely candidates and I would return the favor by serving them up to her, Lisa Ann and I had a deal. 

I fucked Lisa Ann, playing her through two orgasms before I met her during her third. I let her go back to her hostess duties of fluffing for another two hours before my monthly poolee meeting wound down to an exhausted ending. 

"My turn?" Lisa Ann asked brightly as the boys struggled back into their clothes. 

I glanced at my TV. Lauren was a mess. Cum was spattered on her tits, clumped in her hair, clinging to her face, and oozing from both reddened holes. She gave the camera a weary smile and weak thumbs up. 

"Yeah, your turn." I pushed Lisa Ann through the door and heard her say "Oh, goody!" before closing the door and killing the TV set. 

The boys exchanged glances and tied their shoes. 

"Hey, Staff Sergeant," Antwon said. "How come you get to fuck Lisa Ann and we don't? And I don't think you even fucked Miss Lauren at all, just got a blow job!" 

"Anyone want to answer that?" I asked of my more experienced recruits. 

Dashonn draped his powerful running back arm over his opposing number's neck, "It's called RHIP, recruit, RHIP." 

"RHIP?" Antwon echoed. 

Through the door I heard Lauren squeal "Yeah, right there! Lick me right there!" 

"RHIP. Rank Hath Its Privileges." I slapped him on his shoulder. "Get used to it."