 I'd replayed what happened between Chloe and me over and over since that day. Part of me thought it must be dream, that there is no way I spent an hour with my face buried in her snatch. Yet then I remember the orgasm, the way her fingers felt, and the scent of her sex. It was with this recollection that led me to my current state. I'd awoken from another dream of Chloe and me; to find my fingers between my legs. My clit pulsing as the orgasm ebbed. I could feel the juices running between my fingers and the dampness of my thighs confirmed that I had just come. I sighed, rolled over and in the darkness reached for my phone. There was no way I could sleep now. I flicked my cell open and scrolled through my numbers. Who would be willing for a late night booty call? Just then my phone rang, blinking Marisa's name. My lips curled into a Cheshire grin and clicked the talk button. 

"Hello?" I mumbled trying to sound like she'd awoken me.

"Jasmine? I'm sorry, did I wake you up?" Marisa's voice slurred on the r's. She had been drinking; oh this was going to be fun.

"Nah, it's cool. What's up?" I climbed out of the bed, headed to the bathroom, flicking on lights as I went.

"I was wondering if you'd be up for something..." her voice turned into that sickly sweet tone she knew I couldn't refuse. Not like I was going to anyways.

"Spit it out Marisa, it's the middle of the night." I tried to sound irritated, which is hard when I'm sporting' this shit-eating grin. 

"Well, it's just you said, if I ever need some relief, to you know call you, and we had so much fun that first time, I mean...I was just hoping that..Umm...umm." she stuttered. Gosh, she was making this more complicated than it needed to be. 

"So, you want me to take care of your tension, huh? Basically, you wanna fuck?" I tried to sound nonchalant but with the wetness from my orgasm still between my thighs and my cunt heating up at the prospect of some female stimulation, my voice became a little strained. 

"Yes. That's exactly what I want." Her voice sounded relieved that she didn't have to ask, drinking didn't give her as much courage as she'd hoped for. 

"Well, if that's the case, come over now. Is it just me and you?" 

"Um, actually you said that you had someone in mind for what we discussed last time...and I was wondering if he's available?"

"Charlie? Oh, he's always ready and willing. Yeah I'll give him a call, you want him to pick you up?"

"Would he? I mean that'd give me a chance to get to know him..."

"Sure, where you at?"

"Club Elicit."

"Okay, I'll call him, he drives a bluish-purple sports car thing...anyways he'll honk at you. What are you wearing so he'll see you?"

"Um, black miniskirt and red v-neck shirt, heels and long white duster."

"Short skirt and a long jacket, huh?" I giggled.

"Yup, I can be outside of the club in 30 min. Is that enough time?" apparently Marisa didn't get the reference.

"Should be plenty, see you soon."

With that I hung up the phone and dialed Charlie. It rang a few times before he answered. 

"What took you so damn long?" my voice held that anger that never really amounts to anything.

"What do you think did?" he retorted.

"Oh, well get your hands off your cock, flick off the porn, I've got a proposal for you."

"Really? Hmm...what kind?"

"I need you to head over to Club Elicit, pick up this girl Marisa, and then bring her and yourself to my place for some fun. Think you can do that?"

"Marisa, as in sex in the coat closet girl, the one from that wedding?"

"Yeah, that's her, so you gonna go get her or what?"

"Hells yeah, that story was great. How long?"

"She should be outside by the time you get there, since you live nearby, and she's wearing a black short skirt and long white jacket."

Charlie laughed at the image. "Like the song, huh?"

"Mhmm, now hurry up...the door will be unlocked just come to the bedroom."

"Okay, see you later." I clicked my phone shut and headed to the bathroom, I had a few minutes to freshen up. 

Adjusting the temperature of the water in the shower I stepped in. Closing my eyes I was confronted with the memory of how Marisa and I met. I was attending a wedding for a girl I knew from the office. Once the ceremony was over I decided to skip the reception and head on home. When I went to pick up my coat from the coat check room I was confronted by this girl, bent over and her pink undies poking out from under her short uniform skirt. I'm guessing she'd dropped something. When I clinked the bell on the desk, she stood up quickly and spun around blushing. I could see the pink outline of bra under her white top and the black tie had my brain swimming. God, how I love matching undies and uniforms. 

"Do you need to get your coat, m'am?"

"Ugh, I hate being called m'am, call me Jasmine." I reached over lifting her name tag a little closer. "Marisa." My fingers brushed the top of her breasts as my hand retreated. Her dark brown eyes locked on mine and I flashed my 100 watt smile. She was going to be terribly easy to turn. She stared at me like that, and I never dropped her gaze or let the smile fade from my lips. "Think I could get that coat now?" I teased.

"Huh? Oh, yeah, right, do you have your ticket?"

I pulled out the slip of paper, laying it in her palm. I saw her chest rise suddenly. She quickly turned on her heel and disappeared into the closet. I stood there tapping my heel against my other foot. After a few minutes Marisa spoke from within the closet. "I can't seem to find it."

"Hmm, maybe I can help, can I come on back?"

"Sure let me get the door for you." With that she returned a pushed the door open. Stepping into the room I pressed against her. She smelled like a sweet strawberry, ripe for the picking. She held up the ticket. "It should be on that rack but I don't see it." Looking confused, she bit her lip. 

I felt that familiar stirring between my legs. I headed over to the rack in question, pushing jackets aside I noticed mine, below lay the other half of the tag. I bent down, picked up the tag, and when I rose Marisa's face was right in front of mine. "Here's why..." I didn't get the chance to finish because her lips crushed mine and she wrapped her fingers in my hair. Her kisses frantic, she pulled back suddenly. "I'm...I'm...I'm sorry." I smiled, traced my tongue across my lips. "Not a problem." I leaned in pushing my body against hers. My fingers tugged at the underside of her skirt. I felt her breath against my neck as I pushed her up against the wall. 

Her legs parted, allowing my hand to find her sex, I pushed her undies to the side, finding her wet. I kissed her neck, letting my breath heat the skin. I worked a finger against her slit, stroking it over and over with my thumb. I slid two fingers inside of her. Her body tightened around my knuckles. I pressed deeper in. Slow fucking her pussy with my hand as I felt her hands searching for the bottom of my skirt. Using my free hand I guided her to my dripping cunt. Her fingers worked expertly against my clit and we rocked in motion to each of us masturbating the other. I could feel the orgasm working its way up and as I came I kissed her hard, when her own orgasm released she left a beautiful little bite mark on my shoulder.

After this ordeal, of course gave her my number.

In the shower I couldn't help getting turned on by the memory of our first encounter. I turned the shower head on pulse. Popping the head from its mount I placed the nozzle between my legs. The heat from the water and my already sensitive state had me cumming in minutes. I slid out of the shower, dried myself off and threw on a red camisole and red undies with black lacing on the side.

I headed toward the voices in the bedroom. Once in, I evaluated the scene. Marisa set delicately on the edge of the bed, her supple frame looking picturesque, her jacket lay across her lap and her hands clutched the fabric. No doubt she was nervous. Charlie leaned against one of the posts, arms crossed. He'd been in the middle of a sentence when I entered. Turning, he nodded a sly smile lighting his face up. 

"Now, what are we talking about?" I questioned, placing a hand on my hip.

"Oh, I was just teasing Marisa as to why I had to be here." his eyes did that little dance of the all knowing.

"So, I'm guessing you two got acquainted on the drive over?"

"Well enough." Marisa's voice was quiet, delicate with that hint of huskiness and exactly how I remembered.

"Um, how do we go about this?" her voice lilted on the question, and her eyes darted from side to side.

"How about some background stimulation?" Charlie moved to the nightstand and grabbing my remote flicked on the TV. "What do you have in the player Jasmine?"

"No idea, probably something from Barely Legal."

He laughed. "I should think so."

As the DVD came to life we were confronted by those wonderful images that always leave me wetter than before. Besides, it never hurts to have echoing moans.

I moved towards Marisa, leaning in I gave her a kiss. Her mouth hesitated before finally letting go. Her tongue playing against mine. I felt her hand reach up, resting on my sides. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Charlie take up residence in the chair against the wall. He was going to wait until I got everything going. He nodded as if to confirm my suspicions. 

I slid my hand up under her chin and cupping it I whispered. "Take off your clothes." I settled on the bed to watch.

She nodded and stood, pulling her shirt off and then sliding the skirt down her legs. 

She stood in black lace bra with a matching garter. I wiggled my finger at her to come closer. Once she reached my lap, I eased a hand up her thigh and towards her sex. Expecting to find fabric, I was shocked when my hand settled on skin. Marisa smirked.  

"Crotchless? Oh, you naughty naughty girl." My voice became thick and I heard Charlie groan from the chair. He'd removed his clothes and was sitting still, not yet at "attention".

"I learned from last time." Marisa spoke.

I pulled her closer to me. Forcing her to straddle my legs. She lowered her face to mine. Pressing her breasts against my chest as she kissed, removing my hand from between her thighs, I unhooked her bra and slid it off, tossing it on the floor. Her fingers lifted the fabric of my camisole. Sliding it over my head, I leaned back onto the bed. Marisa followed, her mouth kissing up my legs and across the tops of my thighs. She breathed against my sex as she hooked her hand into my undies. Sliding them down my legs ever so slowly. She then climbed on my lap pressing her crotch against mine. Her mouth settled onto my breast, her tongue licking the nipple. I ran my fingers over her breasts, delighted that the nipples perked to my touch. 

I then lifted Marisa off my lap and positioned her on the bed. I saw her catch a glimpse at Charlie, who by this time was working slowly on his growing erection. Placing my face against her crotch, I licked her slit. Her body responded immediately. I licked slowly, teasing her flesh. She tasted exactly how she smelled, like strawberries and I relished in her flavor. I pressed my lips to her clit. Kissing the nub as I darted my tongue along in quick motions and Marisa's hips would rise in tandem. I felt hands against my bare skin. A sign that Charlie had moved, and I could feel him spreading my legs wider. He slid a finger into my cunt, and continued to stroke his cock.

We continued like this, me bringing her close and Charlie doing the same for me. 

Finally I lifted my head. I pulled Charlie's cock to my face. Sliding my tongue against the tip, which was dripping with precum. I worked him slowly. I felt Marisa rise and settle between my legs. Her mouth worked expertly against my clit. She alternate between flicking it with her tongue and sliding that muscle deep within my pussy. I saw Charlie reach over and begin to stroke her with his hand. He looked down at me and I gave him the go ahead. He slid out of my mouth and moved behind Marisa. His cock was rigid as he entered her, and I felt her gasp against my sex.

He began to fuck her harder, hands gripping her waist. I whispered not to let her cum, or he to do the same. I had an idea. I felt my own orgasm rising. Her tongue hot and quick. Lapping against my growing wetness. I bucked against her mouth and her hand reached up, gripping my thighs as Charlie plowed into her. 

My orgasm broke then, and I felt the juice oozing down my thighs as Marisa licked every drop she could. She lifted her head, Charlie still working her from behind. I slid out from under her and crossed to my dresser. Reaching into my toy drawer, I lifted the box which held my strap on. I slid it on in a matter of minutes. Charlie had knotted his fist in Marisa's hair and turning, seemed to get where I was going with this. He continued to fuck her as I lubed up the toy. Crossing back to the bed I stood next to him, and began to flick her clit with my fingers. Charlie slid out of her and I quickly replaced him. She gasped then and turned. Her eyes lit as she saw me behind her. She buried her head into the mattress and groaned.

I motioned for Charlie to climb on the bed and he did so. Moving towards Marisa's face, once situated he lifted her head. Her mouth opened and he slid his cock inside. Tossing his head back as she began to suck.

We got a rhythm going, me fucking and her sucking. I could feel her thighs tremble as I continued to work against her clit. Her orgasm was close. 

I heard Charlie moan, he was getting close, and I began to pound into her harder. I wanted to feel her explode against me. She bucked against my thighs, spreading her legs to take me in more. I felt her orgasm begin to crest and as she got closer her mouth worked furiously against Charlie's cock. His body shuddered and he started to cum. Thick cum spurted into Marisa's mouth, some dribbling out the corners. Charlie always did cum more fluids with oral sex. Once he was done I pulled Marisa closer and Charlie slid between her legs, his mouth taking over for my hand. She moaned faster and I was only happy to oblige. I felt her start to break as Charlie's tongue sent her over the edge. She gushed hot liquid against my thighs and bucked wildly as the orgasm broke thru her body.

Charlie slid out from under her and lay in the middle of the bed. I lowered Marisa's still shuddering frame against his right side, he draped an arm across her flesh. I undid the strap on and took up residence on his other side. I flung my leg over his thighs and we lay there a mass of naked, spent flesh. 

Soon we all fell asleep.

I woke to the sound of my phone ringing. I pushed out from under Charlie's body and Marisa's legs. 

I flicked open the phone, and number I didn't recognize flashing across the screen.

"mmmm, hello?"

"Jasmine?" the sultry Mid-Western voice spoke.

I jolted upright, much to the complaint of my bed companions. 

"Yes. Ms. Vanderbilt?"

"Mhmm, Jasmine, I was wondering if you could come by tomorrow?"

"Sure, I'd be able to, what's the address?"

"I'll email you directions. Now, you sounded like you were asleep so I'll let you go."

"Okay, Ms. Vanderbilt."

I placed the phone on the nightstand and lay back against Charlie. The rise and fall of his breathing easing me back into my dreams.