 Hi, my name is Kathy, and  I can't get enough, I just really get off being naked in public and having my body used for the pleasure of men, fucked in all my holes, whipped, spanked, you name it I love it. If anybody had told me eight months ago, that I would soon be letting any man strip me and abuse my body how they wanted, to humiliate me, use me as their slut, I would have told them they were off their head. Anyway, to my story.

This story is about some of the men at a pub we visit some Fridays wanting to take me into the next town and to take photos of me being fucked in various positions and locations around the town, this is about that night.

It started with me arranging to meet early on one of the Friday evenings at the pub, my husband had got there first to help plan the trip and decide what they were going to do with me. They had arranged the outing by the time I had got there and in about all eight men were going. I had agreed to this a couple of weeks previous, as we do not go every week now so as to make it more interesting when we do.

We all climbed aboard one of the guy's van and made our way to town. All the way there they where touching me up with fingers probing my cunt and ass, and my tits and nipples were pinched and bit. I had cum half a dozen times by the time we arrived. We parked in a multi story car park on the fourth floor in the centre of town, and they decided to make this the first location. I was told to strip to just my high heels. I did this then said ok who's first, and how did they want it. One of the men came over and took me to the edge of the level and told me to bend over the low wall, then spread my ass cheeks as he was going to fuck my ass. He spit on my asshole to lubricate it then eased his cock into my tight hole, then when all in began to fuck me hard until he came up my asshole. All the time I was moaning and crying out for him to fuck my ass real good. Anybody below who looked up would of seen my tits and me being fucked. Dave the landlord was taking photos during all of this. 

We decided to move on and the guys gave me a short jacket to put on saying not to bother with any other clothes. It was held together with only two buttons at the front and just about covered the cheeks of my ass. I felt as horny as hell walking around naked underneath it. I got quite a lot of looks and comments from other men we passed in the street and I had fun bending over in front of men showing all my ass and sometimes unbuttoning the two buttons and flashing my tits and shaven cunt at passer byes.

The next location was a monument in the centre of town. I stripped off my jacket and was stood against the cold stonework. The men gathered around as I wrapped one my legs around one of the men’s waist and was given a good hard cock up my cunt for the first but not last time that night. I tried not to make to much noise, but I'm sure several people must have heard my moans of lust, more photographs were taken. This carried on in several more places, by the town hall, bus station, railway station, in a gents public toilet, and a couple of shop doorways with me getting a good shagging or giving a blow job. We were seen a few times but they were happy to watch the performance.

The evening was still young so we decided to go and look for a club, on the way two men stopped us and asked if I was for hire, Dave the landlord said how much had they got, the stranger said they only had ten pounds each Dave said they could have ten minuets each with me. He took their money and my jacket and I was lead naked down an alleyway nearby. The first man said 'get down on your knees bitch and suck my cock’. I knelt down and got his cock out then took it in my mouth; I could taste the precum on the tip it tasted delicious. I was well into deep throating him when I felt a pair of hands pulling my hips up, I was put into the doggy position and a cock was rammed up my cunt. I started to think what a right slut I must look naked on all fours in a dirty back alley with two men fucking me both ends and a group of men and my husband looking on. They had their ten minuets, both cumming deep in my mouth and cunt, they told Dave it was the best fuck and blow job they had ever had from a tart, and what a horny bitch I was.

We carried on and found a club in one of the more sleazy sides of town, which suited us. Once in I went to the ladies to clean up a bit. There where a couple of women in there and they commented on how much cum there was on me, I said I had been receiving a good shagging earlier. They came over and said they would help clean me up and removed my jacket. They washed my body playing with my tits and pinching my nipples in the process. I was lead to a makeup table and sat down on it, they said they were going to lick my pussy clean. It was heaven having their soft tongues lapping around and inside my pussy. When they had finished they each got out a large vibrator from their bags and inserted them into my cunt and ass. I'm sure they must of heard me in the club crying out when they switched them on to full power and fucked me with them bringing me to several orgasms. They gave me some makeup and perfume and I got dressed and we left the ladies, on the way out they said looking like that I would probably get a lot more cock that night, I said I hoped so, they laughed, kissed me and said I was such a slut.

I was having a good time dancing with lots of men and also getting touched up a lot when they discovered I was nude under the jacket. Fingers and hands were squeezing and probing my ass and cunt with the cheeks of my ass being on view most of the time.

Next thing I knew there was a announcement over the disco that Kathy one of the guests tonight was going to put on a performance on stage, Dave had gone and had a word with the manager. I could see the doors of the club being locked as I got on  the stage to a roar of cheers and whistles. The music started and I began to dance swaying my body around and gyrating my hips and flashing my ass. The audience was shouting to get them off so I removed my jacket and carried on dancing in just my high heels. Most of the audience were men but there where some women including the two from the ladies toilet that I had meet. 

There were a lot of cheers when a couple of men climbed onto the stage and danced with me. They were rubbing their hands all over my body, and wanking me off on stage in front of all these people. The two women shouted out to give the slut what she wanted a good fucking so I was lead to a table that had been put on the stage and pushed back onto it. My legs were parted and one of the men went down on me licking my clit and pushing his tongue right inside, the other man was squeezing and pinching my tits making the nipples stand up hard and red.
They then got their cocks out and fucked my cunt and face the one telling me to suck his cock hard as he was going to fill my mouth with his cum.

During this more men had got on stage and formed a cue to take their turn with me, as soon as one cock had finished their was another to take it's place in either of my holes, fucking me hard until they came. I lost count of the amount of cocks that went up me and the loads of cum I swallowed. Several men liked to push their ass into my face and tell me to lick their ass holes. I pulled their cheeks apart and licked all around the rim then pushed my tongue in as far as I could. They loved me giving them a good rimming while they watched other men fucking my cunt hard.


The women that were there were urging the men on telling them to fill the slut with cum, cover her in it. I was shouting out 'who was next in line to fuck this slag, and who wanted to shove their cock up my ass' there were always plenty of volunteers to use me how I wanted.

After quite a while some of the women said they thought I ought to be punished for being such a cum loving, cock sucking tart and with that I was lead to some pillars and tied standing between them arms and legs apart. The manager produced a whip with lots of strips of leather, (he said it was left over from a cabaret night) and the women all took it in turns to whip me with it. The throngs of leather stung as they brought it down across my back, ass, tits, and the insides of my thighs and smooth shaven cunt. Everybody was enjoying the spectacle watching me writhe about and hearing my moans of pain and ecstasy as I came whilst being whipped. I lost count of how many times I cum during this. The women also used the whip handle and some vibrators to wank me to a climax with, and some more of the men decided to have second helpings while I was tied up and fucked my ass and cunt again hanging on to my tits as they did so.

After I was untied I was lay back across the table and the men were encouraged to piss over me, several of them did and I felt the warm liquid running all over my body, face, and hair. One man told me to open my mouth so I could taste it, his piss was warm and tasted salty as it splashed onto my lips and in my mouth, other men wanked over me adding their cum to my piss covered body, then wiping their cocks on my face and tits.
By the end of the night I was exhausted, my cunt and ass ached from the amount of cocks and objects that had been shoved in them, and from the whipping. After I had cleaned up some of the mess my body was in we decided to leave, the manager telling us to come back whenever we wanted to. Dave said we would. My jacket had disappeared so I was told I would just have to walk back to the van naked.

We left the club and made our way back to the car park keeping to the backstreets so as not to fall foul of the law, with me wearing just my heels and dried cum, and to add to my humiliation they let anybody have me who wanted to, telling them that I loved walking about nude in public asking to be shagged, (which is true anyway) and they could use me as they wanted to, and most of them did in doorways, against lamp posts and parked cars. 
One of them taking me to a piece of waste ground nearby and laying me face down on a dirty old smelly mattress, yanking my head back by my hair and fucking my ass hard, then after he had cum telling me to suck his cock clean. Dave made sure he got photographs of it all. 

Several of the men asked if I was for hire for private parties, Dave the landlord said I could be if the price was right, and only with him and my husband present, (they now know my husband is with me on our Friday nights) so it looks as if I'm in for some more fun.

We finally got back to the van and made our way home. Back at the pub, several more of the locals who were drinking there took a turn with me, especially when I had gone inside still naked and smelling of cum and had all added theirs to it. By the end I had made a bit of cash that night, and my husband and I had enjoyed our sexual activities that evening, and Dave had a lot more photos for his and our albums and behind the bar.

I hoped you liked my story of that night.

Kathy.     

Comments :-  to the link below.