 Hi, my name is Jasmine. How I came to be part of this threesome is not the subject of this story, that's a story in it self, and maybe one day I'll share that with you. Today's story begins six weeks after I met the couple and we became a trio! However, before I begin let me tell you about us… 

Me first, I am from Scotland, in Australia for a year prior to completing my University studies. I am 5'6 long blond slightly curly hair 34D 26 36, green eyes.

Next I'll introduce you to Adrian, just under 6', blonde curly hair, better than average looks, tanned skin (he has a bit of a surfers look about him) He's an incredibly lovely guy, who came to Australia from Zimbabwe. Before I came along he had never been part of a threesome, although I know it was his biggest fantasy. 

His girl Katie is an outgoing 32 year old, 36c 26 38 with straight shoulder length, auburn hair, fair skin, hazel eyes. Before meeting Adrian, she had led a bisexual life although she had never had a full on relationship with a woman. As a couple they are totally devoted to one and other and that makes the fact that they allowed me to become part of their life all the more exciting. They are also sexually very adventurous, which never makes for a dull moment when we are together. Ohh something else you should know about Katie and I is that we are distant relations, which is how I came to stay in their home for what was originally to be a couple of weeks. 

The story below is not one of our first times as a threesome, in fact is a little past that, as you will see. Well I guess I should begin… 

"Jassy, my beautiful Scottish lass!" I heard Adrian say as he entered the lounge where I was watching TV. He had nicknamed me Jassy pretty quickly after I moved into their home, and with his Zimbabwean accent, I loved it.

"Jassy, I want to do something for Katie, something really special. "

"Ohh, what do you mean?" I ask, "Is it an occasion?"

"No, well she just deserves a present and I want to give her something. As you know letting you join us was a gift she gave me. Hell, some days I still can't believe I now live every mans of having two women pleasing me and each other in my own home! Anyway, what I want is for us to think of her greatest desire and give it to her, what do you think?"

"Adrian, that sounds absolutely wonderful, you're right she has generously given us each other and although she loves it, I know it would be wonderful to give her something really just for her. Plus I'm sure we get the added bonus of our own enjoyment! Do you have a idea?"

"Actually one has begun to form, you know she loves to stay on the brink of orgasm as long as she can, to reach the point then slow and work up as many times as she can. Well, how about we do that; tease her to the edge time and time again for as long as we can, then deny her from cumming. Pretty much drive her crazy all night. Well, what do you think?"

"God you know her so well, she'll finally orgasm for ever!"

"That's the plan. "

"Can I add a suggestion?"

"Sure, of course. "

"Why don't we wine and dine her first really set the mood."

"Jassy, that's a great idea!"

Anyway so that was the beginning of this adventure. Adrian and I planned every step and cleverly concealed all this from Katie by getting her to believe she and I were doing something special for Adrian.

We girls went shopping together to buy some new sensational clothes, for the dinner that Adrian had invited us to. Katie was all for it. We bought everything from little black silk dresses that Adrian has a fondness for. We decided to buy exactly the same underwear so that when the dresses came off and we know they would, we would be dressed identically. The black lace underwear that we purchased was incredibly beautiful; the black lace bra were so low cut they more resembled platforms in which our breasts would nestle, the cup not reaching our nipples but the lace edging playing peek a boo with them instead. The G-string panties were merely scraps of lace with a silk triangle in front. Upon trying them on we both agreed that shaved pussies would be the call of the day. The matching suspenders together with silk stockings and new black strappy high heals rounded out our outfits.

The day of the big date finally arrived and our preparations began, waxed legs and under arms, shaved pussies; Long hair went up, make up applied and nail polish went on. So Adrian wouldn't see us we got ready in the guest bathroom.

At the appointed time we walked into the lounge together to greet our date. His look of absolute awe assured us that all the preparation was worth the while. "Wow, my God, I've gone to heaven, you two look absolutely fucking awesome!"

As he walked towards us, we had the chance to admire him in his beautifully tailored suit. He stopped in front of Katie handing over a single yellow rose (her favourite) and said, "My darling, you have outdone yourself. " He then kissed her softly, before turning to me and lifting my hand to his lips as he murmured, "Jassy, you look lovely. " Handing me a blood red rose. "Ladies I hardly want leave here, maybe we can stay home and order in!" he joked. As we began to protest he laughed, saying "Okay, okay the taxi is here anyway lets go!"

As we walked outside it was my turn to be shocked, I thought I knew all Adrian's plans but outside was a gleaming black stretch limousine. Katie and I both laughed with delight as the chauffer opened the door, Adrian insisted "Ladies first. "

I got in, followed by Katie and then Adrian, effectively sandwiching Katie in the middle, setting the tone for the evening.

Inside the limo lay another two roses yellow for Katie and blood red for me, along with a bottle of Champagne and three glasses.

Katie immediately picked up her rose and leaned over to kiss Adrian thank you. I picked up the red and leaned over Katie to also thank him with a kiss. Leaning over allowed me to press my breasts against Katie's; maybe I leant against her a little longer than required but she didn't seem to mind.

Adrian opened the bottle of Champagne and poured three glasses, he then toasted with the words, "To the most beautiful sharing person I know, to Katie!"

"To Katie!" I echoed as Adrian and I sipped the bubbly wine. Katie was slower than us as if embarrassed by the toast.

The restaurant was magnificent, made for romantic dinners for two or in our case three. The waiter guided us to a table were we found another set of roses on two of the three plates, as effective as place cards they guided Katie to sit in the middle. She protested saying Adrian should sit in the middle, but he said then he would not be able to look at two beautiful women at once. So seconds later Katie sat between us again.

The waiter asked for a drink order and Adrian ordered another bottle of champagne. As we made small talk I noticed that Katie and Adrian were holding hands her thumb slowly running over the back of his hand. For an instant I felt like an intruder, however, Katie must have noticed because she reached down and picked up my hand and brought it to her lips, kissing it lovingly, as the waited poured the drinks. If he noticed anything strange he was too well trained or paid to comment. 

We ordered dinner and drank our wine, chatting about this that and the other. After a while I suggested a trip to the ladies room, being girls, of course, we went together. The ladies was empty and we were having a lovely time we laughed like giddy school girls, as if this was our first date, saying how lucky we were to be going out with the best boy in school! The champagne had definitely had an effect and I dared Katie to remove her G-string and then subtlety drop it in his lap. She looked at me for a second and I said "Go on, do it!" She smiled as she lifted her dress to her waist and removed her G showing me her hairless pussy. I moved closer to her and asked "Is it a little wet, so he'll be able to smell you?"

"No. " she said.

"No then lets fix that!" I dropped to my knees on the carpet lifting her dress again, and placed my fingers against her mound, splitting the naked lips and quickly tonguing her clit. I could hear her groans of delight as I held the G between her legs, to catch any excitement. Licking faster I pushed the material a little inside her, spreading her further and quickly flicked my tongue over her pleasure spot until she was panting with excitement, her ass against the basin shelf. When I could hear her excitement rising to the edge I quickly pulled away and dropped her dress saying, "I think I hear someone coming!" I handed her the sopping undies and reapplied my lipstick, as she stood there stunned.

Funnily enough an older lady walked into the ladies shortly afterward. Katie still had the look of unfulfilled desire in her eyes as we returned to the table. I waited for Katie to sit winking at Adrian as she did so. As Katie was slightly out of control from her almost orgasm she did not pull her skirt down as she sat and consequently her dress rode up displaying her stocking tops and pale thighs to Adrian and myself, the table hid the view from anyone else around. 

Katie took a deep drink and as if finally waking from her stupor she turned and dropped her soaking wet G into Adrian's lap, before leaning over and kissing him deeply. I just watched with joy that the night was going exactly to plan. Katie had just begun her journey that would keep her on the edge for hours to come. When they stopped kissing Adrian held his gift to his nose and breathed a deep breath, before placing her undies in his inner suit pocket. Tapping the outside slightly as he winked at both of us. 

The entrées were served and proved to be delicious, boding well for the rest of the meal. We continued to chat about all sorts of things from modern events to our home countries Katie saying hers was undeniably the best because Adrian and I had moved here feeling that made her case. I noticed that Adrian's hand was now slowly rubbing his girl's thigh, stroking softly up and down, effectively pushing the dress higher. As we all continued to talk I watched his hand move ever higher, he was close to displaying her shaved pussy to us both. I wondered to my self if he knew we had both shaved today, but if he didn't he would find Katie's secret reasonably soon considering how high his hand was going. Just as I though he would finally touch high enough to know, the waiter arrived with the main meals. In a blink Adrian's hand was back on the table. 

Dinner conversation was light and teasing, and had turned slightly sexual in nature, nothing overt, but more a teasing. Adrian fed Katie some of his lobster with his fingers and she sucked his fingers as he drew away. I have to say from my point of view it was an incredibly erotic gesture. Adrian then offered me the same and I found myself licking and sucking his fingers into my mouth also. We continued to drink and eat until our plates were empty. 

Conversation continued and more wine was consumed. As the waiter cleared the table (our prearranged signal) we both place our hands on Katie's legs working together to spread her thighs, this allowed us greater access but also allowed her scent to rise. I know the exact moment Adrian found Katie's nude pussy because his gaze literally flew down and then up to her face and then mine. For a second Adrian was not in control of the whole night and he knew Katie and I had arranged a little surprise of our own. I think at that moment he may have lost the plot completely, if I had not urged him on with a wink and a smile. 

Before any comment could be made the waiter returned to see if we would like dessert. Katie looked at the waiter and said quite calmly "No thank you. May we have the check?" Although her voice was calm the waiter could not help but see the plain arousal on her face, or in fact miss the angle of our arms towards her. 

The waiter cleared his throat and said "Certainly Ma'am, immediately." 

Within ten minutes we were back in the limo where another set of roses now lay, we both had four roses now, and I wondered how many Adrian had arranged. The window between the driver and us was up so we had complete privacy. As soon as we were on the way Adrian was kneeling between Katie's legs, pulling them until her skirt rode up and her hips were at the edge of the seat. She was readily complying with him spreading her legs for him. I watched him dive in for a taste. Seconds later he drew back, looking up at her from his kneeling point say "Katie my love, you have been a naughty girl, I can see lipstick in your hairless pussy, and it isn't your colour!" 

Katie looked down at him, grabbing my hand and said "Yes baby, Jasmine tasted me when we went to the power room."

"So I take you out to a beautiful dinner and you cum in the bathroom?" Adrian asked her, "I think that deserves a forfeit don't you?" 

"But baby I didn't cum, we just wanted to make my panties wet for you. " 

Adrian turned to me "Jassy, did she cum?" 

Knowing my part well I said "You smelt her G wasn't that covered in her juice, she certainly moaned a lot, she may have cum. "

"Jasmine, you know I didn't!" Katie protested.

"No Katie," Adrian cut her off, "You owe me a forfeit" he then pushed the speaker to the driver and said "Driver if you don't mind we'd like to go to the park instead of straight home. " 

"Of course, sir" came the reply. 

"Adrian, please lets just go straight home, I want you" Katie begged him. 

"No baby you know the deal, a walk in the park is hardly a horrible forfeit is it, just you and your lovers" 

Until this moment I had been quiet watching the play between them. Understanding that Katie wanted to go home and participate in some hot sex, and Adrian's determination to keep her on the edge as long as possible. "Come on Katie, a walk will be nice after such a large meal. " I added. 

"Okay, I guess," she replied 

"And just think baby, the park with all the lovely trails and little night lights, you know you love it there. " As Adrian said this, his head had lowered to her pussy punctuating his words with little laps of her open slit. 

Adrian continued his assault on Katie's pussy but left her clit unattended, playing her but not giving her enough stimulation to cum. I watched the whole thing, my excitement level rising until I too was soaking my thighs. Listening to Katie beg was a turn on I had never expected. 

Minutes passed and then the car stopped and the driver informed us that we had arrived at the park. Adrian calmly lifted his head from Katie's thighs and moved to open the door for his ladies. Telling the driver to wait in the car, when we returned we'd let ourselves in. 

I'd never seen a park like it, obviously designed and built with a view to be visited at night, with tiny toadstool lights glowing along the paths. 

Katie's feelings were obviously at war wanting to go home and continue but she had also mentioned to me this was the place Adrian had asked her to move in with him, so she obviously had fond memories. 

Adrian chose the path and wandered slowly taking into account our shoes were not made for walking. He held our hands in his in a casual manner, talking about what a wonderful park this is. It was about 1 AM and the park almost deserted.

After some time we came to a small alcove type area with bench seats. Adrian said let's sit a while, as we drew nearer we could see two more roses awaited us lying on the seats. How Adrian had arranged this, I'll never really know, but thinking back he must have had the driver cut through and placed them there for us just before we got there. But to be honest I didn't want to spoil the joy by thinking how it had been done. 

I picked up my rose and walked up to Adrian and straight in to his arms, my hands going around his neck, my mouth open to receive his tongue. I felt his hands on my ass and as we continued to kiss his hands slipped down further between my legs, I parted them for his hands willingly. He began to kiss his way down my neck and was lowering my dress to access my nipples. Within seconds my dress was scrunched around my waist, my bra no resistance to his seeking mouth. Adrian then started walking me towards a bench as her continued to suck at my breasts. Adrian undid his button and fly releasing his cock as he sat and pulling me to straddle his lap. Pushing my G-string aside so he could slip into my hot wet cave. I had forgotten about Katie standing there watching us, however Adrian let go of my nipples and laid me back slightly so he could watch her. As he saw her hand touching herself, he growled, "Baby, don't do that, not till I say you can, you know the rules!" While he was talking he continued sliding me along his hard phallus. 

"No, sweetie, please I need to!" 

"Katie, do you want to pay another forfeit?" Adrian asked as he continued to fuck me. I was moaning with my own excitement and I had to admit Katie watching helplessly was only making me hotter. 

"No Adrian. " Katie finally replied. 

I thought Katie was on the verge of tears and if I hadn't need to cum so badly myself I may have told Adrian to let her off. 

"Good girl," I heard Adrian grunt, not knowing if he was talking to Katie or me. 

"Baby, come sit here," He growled at her "Come see me fuck Jassy, look how good it is, so you'll be really ready when its your turn." 

Katie moved quickly to our side and sat down on the bench, obviously thinking once I came, Adrian would fuck her. 

"No Sweetie, put your legs over each side of the bench, straddle it!"

My own eyes were closed, but I assumed Katie did as she was told because I heard Adrian say, "Yes look at us baby, I can see you like this. " 

I was beyond caring I wanted to cum and I moaned my need, causing Adrian to thrust faster, saying "Yes Jassy you can cum very soon. I want Katie to finish paying her forfeit first. Katie, take your dress off!" 

"But Adrian, its cold!" 

"Baby I want you naked and that's part of your forfeit, do it for me while I thrust into and out of Jassy's wet cunt. " 

"Ohh you are a good girl," Adrian grunted in time with his strokes into me, "Because you have been good, why don't you lean down and lick Jassy to send her over the edge!" 

"How I didn't cum at just hearing those words was a miracle, but within seconds I felt her head between us and her tongue on my clean mound. That was enough; I came with a scream of ecstasy. Anyone in the park would have known I was cumming, as I spasmed around Adrian drowning his cock with my juice. Seconds later Adrian feeling my contractions on his hard cock, lost his grip and began to pump his hot cum into me. He shot his cream into me in waves of pure joy. 

Moments later Adrian pulled me closer and kissed me as I felt him pull out. Katie was still watching us with bright eyes. 

"Jassy, stand up, sweet. " As he proceeded to re align my dress, pulling the skirt part down and the putting the straps back in place. I could feel our combined juices slipping down my thighs and rubbed my legs together savouring the feeling. As soon as I made room Katie slipped onto Adrian's lap, obviously expecting the same treatment. 

"Baby, you said you were cold, lets go back to the house. " Adrian said setting her on her feet. 

Although obviously not what she was expecting Katie bent to retrieve her dress and I have to admit I was beginning to feel a little cruel. Adrian took the dress from her and said "Babe, this is part of your forfeit, you don't get it back. " 

Seeing Katie's face at that moment made me realise Adrian knew exactly what he was doing and how well he know Katie's desires, she wasn't close to the tears I thought she was, her eyes were bright with pure excitement. 

Adrian folded Katie's dress neatly and handed it to me before taking our hands again and walking us back to the car. Adrian and I although flushed from our recent fucking, looking respectable, next to Katie's form covered only in a semi bra, suspenders and stockings. 
