 He is a lot younger than me and he looks like a very fit 25 year old. Suseela was the one to tell me that he was really 19 and a student 6 years younger to me. That part didn't bother me and I found it only increased my attraction for the man. His ancestry and he has the classical looks, which I find most appealing. He has loads of dark, curly brown hair with a hint of gray at the temples. Probably his most attractive feature is his sexy, smoky eyes that melt my insides every time he looks at me. 

He is Kamesh. 

Kamesh is 5'9" and ~65 Kgs stone, and being an athletic person, he is very fit. I truly love his muscular, rugged look and will admit that sometimes I get extremely wet just dreaming of his lean, muscular body. This is odd for me as I really don't admire too many people but am finding out that I am more attracted to younger men. They seem to have far more charisma than other men and have grown out of the typical, youthful exuberance where they look at every woman as a notch on their belt. 

Kamesh wasn't like the teenage men, and he treated a woman with respect and dignity.

Not long after meeting Kamesh and falling deeply for the man, I started masturbating. Not that I didn't do it before meeting him, I just began doing it on a regular. It made me feel perverted and dirty, but I grew to accept the sessions as a wonderful way to relieve pent up tensions. 

And Suseela kept reassuring me that it was only natural for women to do it, and in fact, so did all men.

Maybe I should explain more about my anatomy. When I get thoroughly aroused, my pussy swells and my lips open up like a budding flower. This of course, exposes my most sensitive thingie that women can't stop thinking about, and I have great difficulty walking. 

My knickers will slide inside my openness and it gives me the most uncomfortable feeling. Not that I am complaining about this occurrence because I'm not. It is just that whenever I move a muscle after that point, it's as if someone is touching me down there.

Well, I should get on with my story. Not long after joining the whore club in the Village and getting into 'commercial sex', I became infatuated with Kamesh. 

He was the nephew of my best friend Suseela who was not in whoring but enjoyed most of my men and women fuck teams. Although he was the immature so one thought, he was the virile fucker, as well as guy who I loved the most in many years.

Recently was with him for four days and three nights on the road and it garnered me the perfect opportunity to get to know Kamesh better. 

After the first or second trip, I think I fell in love with him, if not love then I was drawn by his powerful, male magnetism. It left me wondering how he had lured me that night in the bath tub fucking -- the inevitable voyeur game he made me get into while he fucked Suseela in broad daylight daring fully aware of my presence in the vicinity. 

And now I know why I fancied Kamesh more than any of the young men or men in my life and on this trip, I even faked a leg injury. 

Since Kamesh was the young 'athletic superman', I picked an injury that would require him to give me massages and rubdowns. I chose a hamstring injury knowing it was a lot like a back injury where you couldn't tell how serious it really was. As only a young woman can do, I convinced Kamesh that I was hurting too badly to attend any therapy session other than in my bedroom of our hotel.

We would set up the time for fake therapy and my heart would almost burst whilst waiting for him. Kamesh was always the perfect gentleman when he was in my bedroom and attended to my fake injury in a professional manner. 

I found the times he was with me were the most exhilarating and exciting of my life and it deepened my affection for him.

I wanted desperately to wear clothes that were revealing and take a chance for once in my life, but I couldn't. 

When Kamesh came calling, I wore my most unattractive college uniform, which concealed everything I wanted Kamesh to see. 

When he touched my leg and massaged it like the true sex specialist he was, he understood how it affected me inside. 

With just me and Kamesh inthe room, I wanted to fling my arms around his neck and kiss the man to death. I cursed myself for not having the courage to carry out my fantasies. 

I did however remove my bra and knickers, which got my blood racing, but surely he didn't reaHymae what I was doing. What a cow I was for thinking I could entice such a lusty man into betraying his oath with the age and getting into sexual bouts so young. But surely he must have noticed my nipples, which were so fucking hard they were like beacons sticking out in the night.

The fact I was not reserved and not raised in a very conservative family merely had me sitting on my bed with my heart in my throat trying not to suffocate. It's funny how ones heart can block oxygen going to the brain and a person gets so silly and confused when the world closes in. 

Lord knows I wanted to rip my shirt open and beg Kamesh to take me, take my titties. "Can't you see how hard my nipples are and how much they need your hot mouth to suck them?" I wanted to yell at him but could not find the nerve.

How many times did I fantasize about Kamesh ravishing my body, kissing my tits and feeling my burning flesh? 

I wondered. My dreams and fantasies are the main reason I started to masturbate using my very own fingers to relieve my pent up passion. Every time things quieted for the day, my mind went to work and I would get soaking wet. 

Then I would have to this happened until I was doing it almost every day. 

Okay, if the tVatsala were known, every day and some days I did it twice. But I smile with the funny suggestion that it's never more than that.

I guess I am at a loss to figure out my true feelings and emotions. 

The satisfaction I get from the self-gratification is earth-shattering and if Kamesh only knew how much he meant to me, I reasoned he would become my lover.

That's how my dreams transpired until one day my closest friend got me talking. Suseela knew me well enough to know that something was bothering me and pestered me until I told her all about Kamesh. 

Time and time again she probed into my subconscious mind until she knew every incriminating detail of how I felt about Kamesh.

Suseela never let up on me and all the while I visuaHymaed Kamesh's muscles flexing and his handsome face right in front of me. Maybe it was lust but I wasn't thinking straight when Suseela suggested a plan for me to have my dream man. 

She must have loved me to pieces and wanted to ensure my happiness even if it meant breaking the rules for once.

I confessed to Suseela that I desperately wanted to fuck Kamesh again and she told me that she would search for a sure-fire way for it to happen. 

Of course she built up my hopes and made my dreams even more vivid and traumatic, which meant more masturbating for poor Vatsala. But I really didn't think she was serious and went on with my dull, boring life as if nothing would happen.

One fateful day, Suseela rushed into my bedroom so excited she instantly gave me the biggest hug. It did sort of shock me when she suddenly gave me a French kiss but I soon found out all about her enthusiasm. 

"Vatsala honey, I have the perfect solution to your dilemma," she told me and then went on to explain her devilish plan to me.

Our college has a function every year for all outgoing students and that time was approaching. All the professors and teachers were required to attend the big event and it was a widely known fact that Kamesh was a good ballroom dancer. 

Suseela's plan was for her, Hyma and I to seduce Kamesh into spending the night with me. Well maybe seduce isn't the correct term, but it is in my shattered mind. The function was always held in a city about 25 miles from our college and everyone that attends the gala function stays over in a local inn. The women all dress in traditional dress and so do the men.

Suseela begged me to go for it, do something for once in my pathetic life that made me happy even if it was sinful. 

Why I agreed while knowing it was wrong, I'll never understand, but I did. An element of danger most likely added the needed adrenalin to my system that corrupted my thinking. When the days passed and time grew closer to the function, my stomach quivered in anticipation and I eventually was at peace with what we were going to do.

he week before the function, I got up enough nerve to ask Kamesh if he would save the last two dances for me. I had planned to compliment him on his excellent dancing and tell him how much I admired his coaching ability. He agreed right away with my request and it blew me away that he was so pleased to oblige.

It took everything I had to not look away when he looked me right in the eyes and smiled. He has such a handsome face and smile and I had goosebumps the rest of the day. 

It almost appeared to my frustrated brain that the man liked me and even had a crush on me.

I was so excited and worked up over the upcoming date that I was soaking wet all week. My pussy lips were so puffy and uncomfortable that I had a terrible week, as far as my body was concerned. My petticoat were buried so far inside of me that it gave me the most erotic feeling whenever I moved or walked. 

Funny how everything I did that week had a sexual connotation to it. I am sure I must have masturbated so many times it threatened to wear my delicate pussy out even before I gave it willingly to Kamesh. Sleep was not happening either and I was forced to function on very little of the restful zzz's. 

I tried not to pay too much attention to Suseela's exact plan and decided to leave all the details up to my best friend. I reasoned that if I couldn't trust Suseela, who could I trust? Suseela, and her friend Hyma, had met a couple of men and of course as was her custom, she was intimate with them on the very first date. 

Sometimes her promiscuous nature infuriates me, but that's another story all together so I will leave it alone. Anyway, these two men were willing to provide Suseela with a couple of pills that would knock a person out without actually making them pass out. 

They assured her that the person could still feel things and consciously could do things, but it would not register in their subconscious mind.

I made arrangements to rent a gorgeous, green, imitation silk saree that was a full-length strapless blouse. The color made my eyes look even greener and I decided to wear pillar-box red lipstick. 

The top of the dress clung to my perky breasts so I didn't have to wear a bra. My cleavage would surely entice any of the men who attended the ball that there was something charming below the green tarp. 

When I tried on the dress for Suseela and Hyma the day before the event, the evening turned into a night of erotic, woman bliss. 

Again, I keep getting away from my story about Kamesh, which seems to be a characteristic of my scatterbrain.

"Put some toilet paper or kleenex in the crotch honey, it will keep your knickers dry," she said and pinched my arm for effect. The party was loud and the floor was always filled with bodies that soon became sweaty from many fast dances. 

I chatted and made friends with numerous students I had never met in the two years at the college and thoroughly enjoyed the whole night. 

Once or twice I ran into Kamesh who was trying his best to stay on the sidelines doing his chaperon thing. I even thought he had noticed me and kept looking at me, but that could have been my vivid imagination.

He was standing by an open doorway and I secretly hoped he would rush away so I wouldn't have to embarrass myself. 

He didn't run so I slowly walked over to him, admiring his princely stature, which was like a Greek god to me. Kamesh looked at me as I approached and I started to say that I was there to collect on his promise for two dances. 

He cut me off merely by reaching for my shivering, damp hand and then led me off into the sunset. Well I guess it was to the dance floor, but at that moment, I was in paradise. The second last dance was a foxtrot so we didn't hold each other but that was good enough for a quivering me Vatsala. 

We tried to talk and he did say that I looked exceptional, which made me blush. He then kidded me about it and said he thought such an innocent show of emotion was beautiful.

Kamesh held me in his arms and it was exactly what I thought it would feel like. I closed my eyes dreaming of having sex with my idol and scolded myself for thinking in such vulgar terms. It was impossible to stop the lively images, as they rolled through my brain, and I wanted to scream, "I am alive! I am woman! I am yours for the taking!"

I watched the man I adored chat with my friends as if nothing was happening and all the while knew he was being led down the garden path. It took but a few minutes and two drinks before Kamesh's head started to bob and waver and we knew it was time to get out of the ballroom. Luckily, everyone else was leaving and with almost all staying in the same inn, we joined the crowd.

A complete hush came over us when we finally got Kamesh into his room and on his bed. Suseela had her hands all over him before I could do anything and she took his coat off. He remained sitting but his upper body swayed back and forth threatening to fall at any moment. 

I was amazed when he looked at me and he still knew who I was. We tried to chat but his words were far too slurred to make any sense. When Suseela began unbuttoning his shirt and his hairy chest came into view, I knew it was time for me to act. 

As it was, Suseela's actions were making me slightly jealous and I knew what a cat she was with men. I could see she had that wicked look in her eye and if I let her, she would have stripped my Kamesh before I had a chance.

I told Suseela that he was mine and that I didn't want her putting her hands on Kamesh. She gave me a knowing smile and quickly joined Hyma on the pullout sofa bed. They didn't even bother to pull it out and started kissing and fondling each other like they were the only ones in the room. I paused to watch them and when they were naked above the waist, I got even more randy if that was possible.

I tore my eyes from the heated scene and decided to take a gamble by taking off my cloths. Naked as a jaybird, I stood in front of Kamesh. 

He had his eyes wide open but I could see he was having a difficult time focusing. 

I helped him to stand up and he actually held his ground extremely well considering. I know I was fast and almost ripped his clothes off, but once he was down to his boxer shorts, I stood back to take him all in.

He looked so desirable; his hard body seemingly waiting for me and only me. Gawd, I got so wet that my juices were running down my thighs and my pussy had that uncomfortable, stretched feeling again, as my lips were so puffy and open. My hands went to my chest and felt my nipples. They were rock hard and protruded out to make them throb madly, as I wanted Kamesh to touch them.

I couldn't wait any longer and held my breath while reaching for the waistband of his boxers. Slowly I stripped them over his slender hips and was pleasantly surprised by the semi-erection that popped up to greet me. When I bent over and lowered the shorts to the floor, I felt his burning rod brush my skin. I couldn't take my eyes off his pride and joy and it gave me a thrill to see that it was already seven or eight inches.

My heartbeat kept getting faster and faster until I couldn't stand it anymore. I took his beauty in my hands and slowly worked up and down to see if I could get him fully erect. 

He began to have trouble keeping steady on his feet so I pushed him backwards. With my hands I guided him so he landed with his back on the bed and I immediately started to pound his peter. My eyes opened so wide in amazement when Kamesh responded and his lovely cock grew, getting so firm it was impossible to bend it.

I watched the dew form on the end and it happened, my mouth dropped until I tasted my man. Slowly, I rolled the flimsy helmet back to expose the reddish, mauve head and I marveled at my first uncircumcised cock. 

I twirled my tongue around and around the flared rim like I had been instructed by ones who knew more than me. 

This seemed to meet Kamesh's approval and he responded by holding his hips upward. I vowed to take pain, staking care and ensure he got immense pleasure from my mouth, but afterwards, Suseela told me I merely gobbled him into my mouth. 

She swore I was the hungriest bitch she had ever seen and couldn't believe it was really Vatsala giving a man a hurried blowjob.

I felt Kamesh's hips jerk a bit and realized he might be getting very aroused so I stopped sucking him. 

I was half sitting and lying on the bed beside his horizontal body and decided I needed his mouth on me. Not like you would think with him in his present inebriated state, but I wanted his mouth on my cunt. 

I was overly aroused by this time and didn't mind dirty words or raunchy actions. He was moaning and I'm sure he whispered my name, well pretty sure anyway.

He looked so peaceful lying there with his eyes half closed but I had to have him. 

I quickly moved up so I was crouched over his flat body and put my knees on either side of his head. This put my soaked mound almost in his face and he didn't resist at all when I shifted forward. 

I placed my pussy level with his mouth and softly whispered to my Kamesh. "It's time, it's time and I need your tongue to lick me. Oh gawd, Kamesh, I need you so badly, you don't know how long I have waited for this very moment," I said and it felt like a heavy weight being lifted off my body.

I suddenly got louder and begged him. "Please Kamesh, eat me, take me, lick my cunt," I intended to whisper because I wanted to be alone with my lover, but in reality it was closer to yelling. I couldn't wait for him and I reached for my swollen lips and held them apart so his tongue could rake my clitty. was so engrossed in what Kamesh's tongue was doing to me that I didn't notice Suseela had taken over below. 

The cow was sucking my man's(her nephew of course) hard penis without my permission and I didn't even know it. His body was jumping on the bed and I thought it was from what I was doing. Facing the opposite direction to Kamesh's sweet treasures, suddenly my head turned and I caught sight of Suseela's naked body hovering over Kamesh. 

His cock was skyward and there the bitch was with her face mounted on top of the steeple, sucking like a mad cow.

Kamesh was sucking my magic spot and had just sucked my entire clit into his mouth when I was forced to stop him. 

I had waited two years for this moment and now I had to deal with Suseela. 

Twisting my body, I pushed her away and almost ordered her to leave us alone. Like I have said, Suseela is my very best friend and knew right away that she was wrong. I heard her whispered apology and she instantly took up where she left off with Hyma.

I sat with my back to Kamesh and stared at the most amazing sight I had ever seen. Maybe you haven't seen a man's hard cock, standing at an angle without a helping hand, and throbbing so that it jumped up and down vigorously. It was as if it spoke to me and told me what to do. 

I was mesmerized and slowly shifted my hips until I was above his pulsing member. 

Crouching, I grabbed hold of the thick shaft and held it upright so that the skin covered head was one fucking inch from my heartbeat. 

I held that position for what seemed like minutes, but it was probably seconds; then I let my body sink lower.

When his pecker split my lips and penetrated my vagina, I could see the end of the world. 
