 He didn't answer, and I went to his voicemail. I wanted to scream, what if he really was busy? If Jayne was even half as worked up as I was, she was going to be pissed if I didn't talk to him. "Hey, I REALLY need to talk to you, please call me as soon as you get this," I said into his voicemail and continued walking to my truck. Just as I was opening my door, I felt my phone vibrate in my purse. I grabbed it and sighing my relief answered, "Hey, I was really worried you were busy."

"Hey, what's up, you sound upset, is everything ok?"

"Are you busy?"

"When?"

"Right now. Immediately."

"Well, not exactly, why, what's going on?"

"Jayne and I need assistance, the kind you were able to help us with previously?"

"Oh, really. And you need this assistance immediately?"

"Yes, she gets off work in just a few minutes, and she's gonna be pissed if I don't tell her where to meet us." I quickly told him about the events of our afternoon in the dressing room. "So, you busy or not."

"I'm already in my truck on my way, where am I going?"

"I don't know yet, I was just making sure you were available."

"Tell me where, I'll be there."

Five minutes later, I opened the door and let him in. "Jayne got delayed with a customer; she called me and said she'd be here in about 10 minutes."

"That's ok, I think we can pass the time without her."

"Oh, is that right? What do you propose?"

"Did you put on new panties to replace the ones she ripped?" he asked as he kicked his shoes off, and unbuttoned his jeans as he walked towards me, the way he moved was predatory, as if he were cornering prey. 

"Nope, I bought some new ones, but didn't see the need in putting them on."

"Good girl," he said as he picked me up and all but threw me to the bed, and as he followed me, he pushed my skirt up to my waist and thrust his dick into my still dripping pussy. Finally free of the confines of a public dressing room, I screamed my pleasure, as he fucked me as savagely as Jayne had just a short time ago. His dick filled me, stretching the delicate skin as my muscles tightened their hold on him as the first orgasm ripped through me. My body shook as the waves of pleasure rolled over me. 

"FUCK YOU, you started without me," Jayne said as she quickly closed the door behind her. She shed her clothes quickly, wanting to join us on the bed. 

"Tell me again what Jayne did to you today," he said as he pulled away from me, turning to run his hands up to Jayne's magnificent tits.

"Better yet, I'll show you," I murmured as I pushed her to the bed and did my best to re-enact the events that had transpired in the dressing room. I started with her tits, then dove into her wet, warm pussy. She thrashed around, moving on the bed in ecstasy as I wouldn't relent my attack on her, just as she had not allowed me any chance to recover before. As she screamed through another orgasm, I climbed up over her body to kiss her, letting her taste her sweet juices on my mouth as I had done to her. I felt his hands on me, turning me, moving me, until was positioned, my pussy hovering directly over her mouth as she still lay on the bed. He grabbed her hips and just as he pushed his dick into her pussy, she began slowly, deliberately licking my clit. As he sped his movements, so did she. Every stroke he made into her, she made against my clit and with her fingers, sliding them into my pussy. I could tell she was getting close to another orgasm, and was determined to go with her. I ground my pussy down on her face as she began sucking my clit, pulling it into her mouth, and lightly nipping it with her teeth. I looked up, and saw him watching me. He reached out and ran his hand from my thigh up the curve of my waist farther up until he reached my breast. I watched as he rubbed, then pinched my nipple, rolling it between his fingers and I saw that he was doing much the same to her clit, seeing her start to move her hips again, thrashing about, enjoying another orgasm was enough to make me cum as well. 

I rolled off of Jayne's face, and lay beside her, out of breath but smiling. I continued to watch as he slowed his pace, but never stopped fucking her. He looked at me, watching me as I watched them. Just moments before I thought I was done, that I had cum for the last time that afternoon, that surely I couldn't take anymore. But I was transfixed, watching them together, watching him fuck my best friend. Watching their bodies move together, the truly erotic sounds of two bodies enjoying each other at the basest level, had my blood pulsing a little faster, a little harder, and as she cried out from her latest orgasm, I knew I needed, "More."

"More what?" he asked.

"Just more, please, more," I sighed as I leaned back against the pillows, dipping my fingers into my warm, wet pussy, loving the slick moisture I found, and rubbing my fingers up to my clit and back down again. "I need more."

He let Jayne lying there, still panting from the last orgasm, as she reached out and took my hand in hers. I could all but feel the intense satisfaction pulsing through her. She squeezed my hand and whispered, "Thanks."

"For what?"

"For this afternoon, I needed this."

"Oh, well, don't thank me, thank him." I barely got the words out before he buried his dick in my ass. My eyes flew to him, and watched him move over me, much the way I had watched him fuck Jayne. I held her hand as I moved to meet his thrusts, already feeling the orgasm build inside of me. I tried to slow it down, to make it last, but as usual, I had little control over my body, I closed my eyes as I felt my muscles contract hard around him, my body wracked with spasms as I murmured, "WOW!" He pulled from me, and just as I started to protest at the emptiness that I felt, I felt his cum hit my stomach, then my tits, then I watched as he decorated Jayne's beautiful breasts. 

She finally let go of my hand, only to reach down to wipe the cum off of my belly with her finger and place it in my mouth where I sucked greedily at the cum and her finger.

"You're both welcome," he said as he lay down beside Jayne. 

"Hmmm, I think I change my mind," Jayne laughed.

"Well, it's a little bit late for that," I laughed.

"No, not about this... I changed my mind about thanking him, I'm quite sure he should be thanking us."

"Well, then, thank you ladies."

"Our pleasure," we sighed in unison.