 Edited by 57chevy@evenlink.com, thanks for all your help!

Feel free to send me an email telling me what you liked and disliked. I even enjoy getting emails from people helping me with my grammar and technical issues! Please help point out any mistakes or spots that could be written better. My skin is pretty thick and as appreciate people pointing out flaws with my writing.

All rights reserved. No part may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any electronic means, including photocopying, recording or by any information and retrieval system, without the written permission of the author. Please make a girl happy and just ask before you post!

Please vote! Please send me an email telling me what you think! I love knowing that my stories got you aroused so please tell me!

*

Start:

Its Monday morning two weeks before the big change is about to take place. Mike had worked with legal on several of the key changes. He had less than one week to retire the old company and bring the new corporation on line. The key to his plan was making everyone a new employee. The reason to retire the old company was to start each employee off even, terminate the dead wood, non-compete contracts, and the new dress code.

Mike knew that Amy and Jeanie were on board and were looking forward to working for the new corporation. Now he had to bring Karen, Pam, and Shannon to his team. These women did enjoy a little drama but they knew the business inside and out. Plus they all were sexy and he would love to expand their relationship from co-workers to lovers.

Monday was only a couple of days away and Mike was anxious to get this started. Mike wanted to have a core group of key employees for the new corporation on board by next Monday. He was pretty proud of the new contract and those that didn't want to be team players; Could find a job somewhere else. Also, since he enjoyed women and working in a sexual environment gave him an extra boost of energy. He loved the idea that all women would be wearing short skirts and those that didn't live up to the dress code would have to work nude in his office. Since every employee had to sign the new contract, the contract clearly states that any skin exposed was open to be touched by other employees without consequences; mainly sexual harassment.

With the new company being formed Mike had a pretty good idea on who he wanted to bring with him and who should be terminated. Still, he wanted to have input from his two trusted employees.

Mike picked up his phone and dialed Amy, "Amy, can you bring the employee files and come to my office? We need to get a head start on these changes and pick out some key employees that we want to meet for lunch this week." Next Mike dialed Jeanie and asked her to come to his office.

A couple of minutes later both women walked into Mike's office.

Mike noticed the women and was pleased. Both Jeanie and Amy had worn skirts today, now the big question was did they wear stockings? Mike first walked up to Jeanie to greet her with a warm hug. He slipped his hand under her skirt to feel her, he felt stockings then bare skin and finally panties. "Jeanie, I'm very impressed." Next Mike walked over to Amy and gave her a warm hug. He was also pleased. Mike didn't mind that Amy was married and knew that there would be several other married women giving into him. Having a married woman was easier in that he didn't have to worry about her falling in love. The relationship was work and sex, pure and simple. 

Mike smiled at the ladies, "Okay ladies, so we need to talk about who you would like to talk with this week about the new company." Next, he motioned for the ladies to take a seat, then once they were seated, he sat down in his chair, "Ladies, the reason why I called you in today was to discuss a few employees. I would like to have ten key employees sign up this week."

Amy was the first one to speak, "Well knowing you Sir, I know that you appreciate Karen's work." She smiled, "Okay I mean you appreciate the fact that she's a milf."

Jeanie laughed, "That's funny, and I think Mike's dying to get a piece of Heather."

Mike looked at them, "Well ladies you both are correct."

Jeanie smiled, "I'm kind of surprised about the contract. The part that states any skin exposed is allowed to be touched, and is not allowed to be considered sexual harassment."

Mike had a pleased look on his face, "Yes, well that is a two part story. Basically if one of our employees doesn't dress properly then that employee has two options. First, they can go home. Secondly, they can undress and learn a lesson."

Amy's face was flushed, "And what if I don't dress properly?"

"Then Amy, I will have to take care of that."

Amy's face was flushed and her nipples were rock hard, "Do you promise?"

Jeanie interjected, "Well, I think we need to see how you will discipline her, Sir."

Mike crossed his hands, "Ladies, we will have time for that later. Now speaking of Milf's; What about Pam?"

Amy knew a little about her, "Good looking, smart, but can be stubborn. Pam has to have things her way and has a hard time seeing other people's point of view. Finally she never wears skirts so she will need some employee training. However, she is a great operations person that loves details."

Jeanie worked with Karen and grabbed her file, "Karen is an attractive woman that had two affairs with clients. She dresses professional and mostly in skirts. She is a hard worker that enjoy's life. She is great with clients."

Mike had Shannon's file, "Now this woman is pretty interesting. I totally haven't figured her out. Shannon tends to create drama every now and then and we will need to curve this behavior. However, she can be very sexual. She enjoys flirting with men and women. Also, at a conference last year she started flashing her tits. I also feel that she is bi. Oh, she is also a pretty good project manager."

Amy grabbed Stacey's folder, gave a quick glance and stated, "Stacey is a leader and when needed can sell anyone anything. I do believe that she has a naughty streak in her. I'm pretty sure that she will fall in line and will be open to anything we need."

Mike sat back in his chair, "This is good, sounds like we have a good foundation for several slots. Now I would like to talk about Heather and Helen."

Jeanie grabbed the file, "I think that we need both Heather and Helen. Both are pretty good with clients and can easily deal with any crisis." 

Amy grabbed a file, "You know I really think we need to bring Bridget over too. She is a go getter and is excellent at finding and closing new clients."

Mike smiled again at the ladies, "Perfect. By the way ladies, I'm very pleased that you both are wearing stockings and panties today to work. I'm confident that you will be great role models for the other women." Mike put down all the paper files, "Well, one last thing ladies, are you ready to begin?"

Amy gave him a military salute, "Yes sir."

Mike stood up, "Good, let's go grab some lunch. Tomorrow we can discuss the second group." Mike had decided it would be best if he drove them to lunch.

Chapter 5

Mike and the ladies went to one of his favorite lunch spots. He knew the staff, but more importantly they knew him. He knew that they would quickly be seated at a table and would be left alone to discuss business. The hostess led them to a table and then a new girl came over take their drink order. The waitress stated that her name was Kate, and was she a stunner. She was wearing the company uniform which consisted of a black skirt, black tights, and a white blouse that looked like a man's dress shirt.

Mike reached out to touch Jeanie's forearm. "So Jeanie, I need to know if you are fully in."

Jeanie looked a little confused by his question, "Yes, Sir I am."

Mike took a deep breath and folded his hands together on the table, "Good, then remove your panties and place them on the table."

Without thinking Jeanie reached down and removed her panties. She knew that Mike was serious, but she wasn't sure if this was a test or not. Either way, no man has ever asked her to remove her panties out in public. She liked how he took control and did what he wanted. Like a good submissive she followed his orders and removed her panties, then after a quick fold she placed them on the table. 

The waitress came over, and asked if they would like desert.

Mike looked at Jeanie and then the waitress. "Kate, I hope you don't mind that Jeanie placed her panties on the table."

Kate blushed, "If that's what she wanted to do."

Mike looked at Jeanie, "Jeanie is that what you wanted to do?"

Jeanie looked down at the table, "Yes this is what I want to do. Kate, I hope that I didn't offend you."

Kate kept her eyes on Jeanie watching her, "No, you didn't. I'm a little shocked, but not offended."

Mike,s eyes went over to the new conquest Kate, "Good. I'm glad you ladies are comfortable."

"Ha! My boyfriend came a little too quickly last night and then he refused to go down on me. Now, if you could get her to help me out that would be great."

Amy looked up at Kate and asked, "Kate, maybe you can help us settle a bet?"

She smiled, "Sure what is that?" She was still a little embarrassed for saying what she had just said; And liked the fact that he asked her a question. She found him attractive and wanted to know what he had to possess power over the two women sitting in the booth.

"Well I have fifty on the fact that you are wearing a thong. Jeanie thinks that you are wearing bikini panties."

Kate smiled, "Guess you just won fifty dollars."

Mike reached into his pocket and pulled out some cash, he placed a fifty dollar bill in front of Kate. "Here is your money." Mike then put down his business card, "I'm serious if you're looking for a job in marketing call me." 

He could see that look in her eye. Kate was hungry and wanted to experience more. He knew that she was ready to be trained and molded, and that he was going to take her under his wing to make her the perfect corporate worker slash slut. Well, his submissive slut for the taking.

Amy noticed that smile on Kate's face that said, "I'm very interested and want to know more." She knew by Kate's body language that it was only a matter of time before Kate came asking for a job.

Kate's face turned red, "What if I'm not interested in the money?"

Jeanie pushed the money forward, "But you won the bet." She also handed Kate her panties. "A bet is a bet."

Mike pushed the money and his card closer to her, "Please, you keep it. After all you were being honest and honesty should be rewarded. Email me your resume and call me to set up an interview later this week."

Kate accepted the money while looking at Mike, "I want more. I could really use a good job."

Amy reached out to touch Kate's hand, "Honey, you will love our company."

After Kate left Mike stood up and helped his ladies. "Well ladies shall we head back to work?"

Amy and Jeanie accepted his hand and stood up. They both made sure their skirts were in order and that they were looking their best.

Mike handed his keys to Jeanie, "I would like you to drive us back to the office."

Jeanie grabbed the keys and asked, "Do you think she will call?"

Mike knew that she was interested, "I'm sure she will. Did you notice that she kept your panties?"

Jeanie tried to play coy, "Oh, I didn't."

"But you wanted to know. We made great progress today Jeanie and your finally allowing yourself some freedom." 

Mike opened up the car door, "Amy, I would like for you to sit in the back with me. It seems that we paid a lot of attention to Jeanie and well I would like to enjoy you for a few moments on the ride home." 

Once in the car, Jeanie started the car, Mike reached out to touch Amy's right hand. He knew that she would be great and give her all. "Amy, why don't you take my cock out, and Jeanie why don't you take off your skirt before we leave? After all you don't want a wet spot."

Amy knew what he wanted, but only wished she didn't have to go back to the office. She did her best to get closer while struggling to move in her skirt. Once on her knees she realized that his car had a lot of room in the back seat. She reached up to unzip his slacks and pulled out his hard member.

Mike closed his eyes as she moved closer to take him into her mouth. Before he closed his eyes he noticed Amy using her left hand to hold his thick shaft. She liked feeling her ring slide up and down on his cock. Her tongue felt warm and wet against his member and she would lightly suck on his. He had to wonder how many times she would give her husband a blow job. Did she allow him to cum in her mouth? He was going to, after all she didn't want to make a mess. 

His mind started to wonder, what if someone pulled up next to them. Could they see Amy sucking his cock? What a naughty woman she was, and he had full intentions of enjoying all of her charms over and over again.

Jeanie looked into the rear view mirror to see Amy's head moving up and down. She knew what Amy was doing and the slurping sounds were really arousing Jeanie. She had to think when was the last time she did something this naughty? Sure in high school she gave her boyfriend at the time head whenever she could, but never with the car moving! Surprisingly the slurping sounds that Amy was making, really started to turn Jeanie on.

Mike knew that they didn't have that much time. He started to think about what if they were back at Mike's place and Jeanie could join them. The delicious thought of watching Jeanie going down on Amy while his hard cock was deep in Amy's mouth, or to have Amy mount Jeanie's face and to then take Amy doggie style. Seeing Jeanie on her back, her legs open while checking out her shaved pussy really aroused him. To have both women in his bed, aroused, and cracking his hard cock.

"That's it Amy, I'm so close."

Amy worked his cock faster and started to suck a little harder. She tightened her left hand around his shaft to act like her tight pussy would if he was doing her. 

She wasn't even thinking about her ring sliding up and down his cock, but that didn't escape Mike's eye.

Mike started to run his hands though her hair. 

Jeanie could feel his cock growing just a little thicker which told her that he was getting ready to cum. She looked up to watch him. She had to see his face as he started to cum in her mouth.

"Oh Amy, here it comes." He enjoyed feeling her go down on him hard and almost balls deep. He knew that first stream of cum would hit the back of her throat, but would she gag? No! She took it like a professional.

Amy used her left hand to milk his cock. She slides her hand up and down his hard shaft shooting stream after stream of his cum into her mouth. She wanted him to remember this blow job for years to come. She kept working his cock even after no more cum shot out. She wanted to be sure she swallowed all he had to offer.

Amy used her hand to clean up anything that might have slipped out. Jeanie knew that they were finished and headed to the office parking lot. Once there she parked the car in Mike's spot. They exited his car and went into the office building like nothing out of the norm happened. Neither Amy nor Jeanie had ever done something so sexual let alone at lunch on a work day!

"Jeanie, why don't you look back and make sure that Amy is looking her best. Then, I need you to kiss her to make sure she swallowed all of my cum."

Jeanie did as she was told, she checked out Amy, and noticed that there was no leaked cum. Nor was her makeup messed up. She then waited for Amy to come up and kiss her. Jeanie's tongue entered Amy's mouth as she searched for any of his cum. She didn't notice any, but Amy's tongue did taste a little salty.

Mike was the first to exit the car, and then got the door for the ladies. "Well ladies that was an excellent lunch. Jeanie, I'm glad that I went with leather seats in my car."

Jeanie was a little self-conscious since she wasn't wearing any panties. She started to wonder if Mike remembered that Kate had her panties. Now she was a little afraid that others would notice her sexual scent.

Mike copped a feel of Jeanie's tone ass, "Jeanie, I want you to run the meeting on Monday. We will call the first group to my office and inform the women about the changes and that they are safe. Coming from you they will feel more comfortable and when they see you confident, and powerful taking control of the meeting I'm sure that they will be inspired."

Jeanie beamed with excitement, "Thank you sir." Never before has any of her managers given her any responsibility or given her any compliments about her work. With Mike she knew that he appreciated her and needed her help. She liked how he took the time to notice her and that made her want to do more for him.

He let go of her ass and walked into his office, "Oh one last thing. Who all will you be calling for the meeting?"

"Well sir, I would like to call Pam, Heather, Helen, Shannon, Bridget, Karen, and Stacie." 

"Sounds like a plan. Remember, we need to think about the second group of key employees."

Jeanie and Amy looked at each other, "Yes sir."

Amy led Jeanie down the hall, "Jeanie how is my lipstick?"

"You look great. I can't believe you sucked him off in his car!"

Amy's nipples were hard, causing her to feel a little embarrassed, "I know, talk about feeling like a slut. Geese, can you imagine if a glob of his cum leaked out of my mouth onto my blouse?"

"Yeah, that would make for one embarrassing afternoon."

Amy slapped Jeanie's ass, "Thanks, by the way, I'll email you in an hour with some ideas on the second core group."

Jeanie smiled, "Perfect." Jeanie felt very good about this new organization.

The end

Please send me an email telling me what you like or don't like about my story!

Also please vote!