 aNancy pulls her coat tightly around her diminutive body in reaction to the crisp, damp Northwest air as she tries to clear her mind from the events of the past few hours. She grasps the hand rail of the porch to steady her still rubbery legs as she makes her way to her car. Walking to the car I can still feel the dampness between my legs as the mixture of my own juices and Jeb's cum seep from my pussy onto my already saturated panties. Each step I take allows the crisp, cool air to rush underneath my dress and send sensations to my still engorged vulva which continue to hamper all my attempts to wind-down from the sex marathon I had engaged in with Jeb in his bedroom. But with great resolve I make it to the car without stumbling and falling due to the rubbery legs and the overwhelming desire to reach down between my legs and rekindle the passion that still burns in my well fucked pussy.

Pussy! Funny how I have never used that term to refer to my body I think to myself as I start the car and lets it warm up before pulling away from the curb to begin making my way home to Bob and the boys. Bob! Oh dear will he be able to tell something is different about me now? I think to myself sitting in my waiting car. Quickly I turn on the dome lights in the car and flips down the visor to use the mirror to look at my face again. The rose in my cheeks is clear evidence of the heated flow of blood rushing around my body from my heart which still races with the excitement of today's events. Calm down Nancy, I think to myself. 

Slowly I draw in several deep breaths through my mouth and then out through my nose, feeling the anxiety beginning to ebb from my body and I try desperately to calm down my mind, body and soul to prepare for the drive home and to face my husband who I am sure is more then alarmed by the lateness of her visit to Jeb Jackson's place. Securing the seatbelt in place I shut off the dome light in the car and pull smartly onto the darkened street and make my way across town back home.

The drive seems to help calm my nerves and allows me the time to let the flood of sensations awash of my body from what has transpired today to move back into the inner most recesses of my mind, allowing me to steel my nerves for the events that will soon take place at home. The questions, the accusations, the unnerving looks from Bob who had devoted his life to serving God by guiding and counseling his flock through temptation and sin. The thought and dread of what was surely to come was making my nerves come back to the surface as I turned the car onto the driveway and parked it in the garage.

Bob was standing in the doorway of the garage door as I opened the car door bracing myself for the questions to come and mostly from Bob's ever discerning eyes. Wow Nancy you have sure been gone awhile, I had no idea Jeb had let that place go so much in just a week's time. Bob uttered as I opened the car door and exited my 2005 Honda Accord. A wave of relief washed over my entire body as his words registered in my brain. He doesn't suspect a thing I think to herself as I move to the garage door for a perfunctory kiss from Bob as they enter the house together.

Yes Jeb has really been in a bad state of affairs since Laura's death Nancy replies. I honestly can't believe how much help the man was in need of until I got their and started in on the place. They both sit down in their chairs in the family room and sit in silence, a silence which unnerves me but without even seeming to affect Bob at all.

Time ticks by and I find myself squirming in my chair until at last Bob breaks the heavy silence that hung in the air like a cold wet blanket on a clothes line on a wet Seattle winter day. You know Nancy I am really proud of you for taking the lead on this matter with Jeb. This is exactly what the Body of Christ is to be doing, stepping up and making sure that each member of the Body has everything they need to get by. 

Bob's words fall like a soothing balm onto my nerves as I begin to realize that he doesn't suspect a thing but then moments latter turn sour in the pit of my stomach as pangs of guilt begin to rise. I'm really not doing anything that special here Bob. I was simply trying to help Jeb out in his time of need. Well, babe I just wanted you to know again that I am proud of what you are doing for our local body. 

Nancy stands up and looks at her husband and feels the tears welling up in her eyes, struggling to hold back she speaks: "Honey I am going to turn in, my day has been utterly exhausting and I have tons more to deal with tomorrow."

Sure babe, I understand, and by the way I have decided to take the boys and head over to Montana for that Elk hunting trip I have been talking about, I figure that you could use the space of not having us around while you do the lion's share of the work at Jeb's place until the rest of the women from the Church get on board and help you out. 

A puzzled look came over my face, how did you know I was doing this alone until next week?

Oh Nicole Doherty called a bit after 6pm to see how things went at Jeb's and I told her that you were still out and she just happened to mention that you would be handling both our house and Jeb's until after this weeks Sunday Services, Bob replies.

Oh, I retort, well I'm heading up for a shower and some sleep, I'll call Nicole back in the morning, Night Hun. 

Night sweetheart, Bob replies, as I head up the stairs. The nagging guilt was beginning to fade as I stepped into the shower and let the steamy water run over my still tingling body. Quickly began soaping up and washed away the sweat, and any lingering semen from my body. I pulled the detachable shower head from its holder and let the warm water flow between my legs to clean my well fucked pussy and was startled by the sensations which flooded my body as the pulses of water struck my pussy which was still hyper-sensitive from the evening's sexual activity. The sensations of the water jets caressing my labia and clitoris were new to me; never before had I felt the need to make sure I was completely clean down there!

I held the wand close to my pussy and let the water flow up inside of me and the water rekindled the warm glow of pleasure in my stomach and loins; It felt so good, so good that it was only with great determination that I was finally able to pull the nozzle away and finish my shower without bring myself to another climax today. 



Shutting off the water I opened the shower door and began to towel off. Once dry I wrapped the towel around my damp hair I quickly brushed my teeth, immediately setting in to blow dry my long blonde hair so it wouldn't be such a mess in the morning. Once those tasked were accomplished I quickly dressed for bed with clean panties and pajamas going quickly to bed falling asleep almost the second my head touched the pillow.

The buzzing of the alarm clock woke me up and to my surprise Bob wasn't in the bed. I get up and heads to the bathroom for my morning ritual and as I sat on the toilet I noticed a note on the bathroom counter. Reaching over I open the note and reads:

Dearest Nancy:

I got the boys up and we headed out early to Montana for the Elk hunting trip we spoke of last night, I thought if we got up early and ate breakfast on the road it would ease your already overloaded work schedule for today, We will be back late Sunday Night, Tim Rinehart will be preaching this Sunday morning for me and this way you can concentrate on taking care of Jeb and what he needs without trying to take care of us too. I love you so much and am so proud of what you're doing.

Love Bob. 

Nancy sat there stunned by the words Bob had written, He has no idea what I have done, and I must somehow find the strength to never let something like this happen ever again. Nancy finishes getting ready for the day and then heads downstairs to make breakfast for herself her mind working on how she will be able to stay away from the temptation to have sex again with Jeb Jackson. 

As she eats her breakfast Nancy decides her best recourse is to go early to Jeb's while he is at work finish cleaning his house then put something together in a crock pot that he can eat when he gets home later tonight. Yes! That will keep me away from the temptation of Jeb's strong arms, willing tongue and magnificent cock. The three things which made her feel so wonderful yesterday.

Nancy starts to clean up the dishes when the phone rang and broke the silence of the morning. Hello. 

Nancy, this is Nicole I wanted to call and see how things went yesterday at Jeb's 

Yes Nicole how are you this morning.

I'm fine Nancy; it's you I am worried about.

Worried! About Me! Why are you worried about me Nicole?

Well I called last night and it was after 6 pm, my goodness Jeb's place must have been a real mess if it took you that long to get things done.

Yes it was in quite a bit of disarray, but it wasn't anything I couldn't handle, Nancy retorts as she lets her mind wander back to what happened yesterday.

Well I just wanted to tell you that I can come over today and help you out with Jeb's place if you want me too. Besides I feel really guilty letting you do everything until next Monday.

Umm, sure Nicole your help is more then welcome, I am going over early today Bob and the boys have gone over to Montana to do some Elk hunting so I thought, make hay while the sun shines. Who knows I might even get to put my feet up and rest for a while this evening, Nancy says with a chuckle.

Ok Nancy, I'll meet you there at say 10:00 or is that too early?

Oh no, 10 will be fine I am going to stop off at the store and get some stuff to make a crock pot stew so Jeb will have something to eat when he gets home tonight. I'll see you there.

Nancy hangs up the phone thinking that was an answer to prayer. With Nicole there temptation will be far, far away. 

With renewed energy Nancy gets up from the table does the dishes putting them in the dishwasher and then turns it on to run while she is out. After a quick run through the house Nancy is out the door with purse and keys in hand to make her way to the store and then over to Jeb's place. 

The trip to the store goes quicker then Nancy expected and she finds herself on the way to Jeb's in record time. Nancy glances at her watch as she pulls into the driveway at Jeb's and realizes that she has an entire hour before Nicole will be there, and Nicole is always punctual.

Once on Jeb's front porch a flood of feelings come back to her from last night, the tingling of her flesh, the dampness of her pussy, the weakness of her legs after the sex marathon she had with Jeb. NO she screams in her mind! I will not let temptation get to me this time. Nancy steels her resolve and bends over to get the key from under the mat as the wind whips across the porch causing her ankle length dress flutter in the breeze as the cool air brushes across her thighs making her go slightly weak in the knees for a split second.

Nancy straightens up and smoothes her dress looking around to see of anyone was around then she steps to the door unlocking the bolt and enters inside to the house where she, for the first time in her life, cheated on her husband with another man.

Once inside she removes her coat and hangs it beside the door and then looks around to see what has changed from late last night. The living room is still clean; nothing is out of place, so she heads for the kitchen to do any dishes Jeb may have left from breakfast. 

The kitchen is in a bit of disarray so Nancy begins collecting dishes to rinse and place in the dishwasher. As she picks up the plate on the table she sees a folded piece of paper obviously placed beneath it by Jeb. With shaking hands she picks it up and with great hesitancy begins to read the writing:

Nancy,

I am still reeling from what we experienced together last night. I must say that the sight of you with my dead wife's dildo thrusting inside your cunt was more then I could take. Never in my life have I ever had such mind blowing sex with anyone. When you were sucking my cock and looking up at me with your huge brown eyes I fell totally under your spell. I know we shouldn't have done what we did, God help me I know that, but I also know I must have you again. Your body was so alive to me as I licked, sucked, and fucked you yesterday that I know you need me as much as I need you. I want to feel the heat that emanates from your wet pussy as we loose ourselves together in wild sexual abandon, I want to watch you suck my cock like a little doe eyed girl with your wonderful mouth and drink my cum like you did last night. I hope you will be there waiting for me tonight so we can fuck like animals again tonight.

Until tonight, Jeb

Nancy sat down shaking in the chair nearest her trembling frame as the words on the paper sank into her body. Her heart was totally in agreement with what Jeb had written but her mind told her that sex with anyone besides her husband was wrong. Nancy crumbles up the note and places it in the trash can under the sink then returns to the cleaning of the kitchen.

Once done in the kitchen with the clean up she puts the stew ingredients into the crock pot and adds water then turns in on low to let it cook for the day. And then she moves into the back of the house not sure if she can enter the bedroom where she and Jeb had sex the day before. As she reached the doorway again a flood of memories came back to her, the warm pleasure of sex with a man who was hungry for her body, the pleasures of Laura's dildo thrusting into her pussy as her whole body quivered with ecstasy as waves of orgasmic pleasure over came her tiny frame. The feeling of Jeb's hot tongue probing into her pussy licking her and teasing her clit made her body feel so alive, so desirable, so needed that even now she could feel dampness beginning to seep from between her pussy lips and moisten her panties. 

As she peered inside she saw the bed had obviously been slept in and the dildo which she had pushed inside her body was still out for anyone to see. The sheets were clearly stained with a mixture of Jeb's cum and Nancy's juices. Horrified that Nicole could come in and see that room with clear evidence of a sexual encounter made Nancy quickly began stripping the sheets and head into the laundry to start the wash. Once the sheets were washing Nancy hurried back into the room to put the dildo away before Nicole arrived. 

Back in Jeb's bedroom she reached over to the night stand and picked up the dildo which had given her such pleasure yesterday and began to walk to the dresser to put it back in Laura's panty drawer. As she opened the drawer and laid it inside she heard a gasp come from the bedroom doorway.

Nancy looked up and saw Nicole standing in the door with her mouth wide open. Nancy what is that thing you put in that dresser drawer!

Nancy's face flushed and her head dropped down like a small child caught in the act of doing something utterly wrong. It's a dildo, its Laura's dildo that I found yesterday, I was... I was just putting it away, Nancy stammered as she tried not to make eye contact with Nicole.

Nicole walked across the room and peered into the draw and saw the large lifelike dildo laying on top of a drawer of panties. My word Nancy I have never in my life seen anything like that before. Have you?

Well until I found it here yesterday I have to admit I had never seen anything like it either. 

Nicole looked at Nancy and saw in her face that there was more to this story then Nancy was telling. Instinctively Nicole reached out and took Nancy by the arm and led her to the bed and motioned for her to sit down, which Nancy submissively did.

Nicole touched Nancy's face softly and looked into her eyes then spoke softly. Nancy I know there is more to this story then you have told me so I want you to tell me what happened here yesterday, especially what happened with that "THING" over there in the dresser drawer.

Nancy's eyes met Nicole's and as tears filled her eyes she starting weeping. After a moment of sobbing she recounted how she touched her own body with the dildo and how good it made her feel and how awful she felt today about what she had done.

Nicole pulled her close and hugged her tightly letting Nancy's tears fall onto her blouse as she patted her head and whispered softly into her ear. "Nancy, I don't want you to be ashamed of what you told me, I have long suspected that Bob wasn't taking care of you in the bedroom from the way you acted whenever the topic of biblical sex came up in our women's group studies."

You always insisted sex was our duty to our husbands and never would you entertain the idea that sex was God's gift to women as well as men. That he meant for us to enjoy sex, that he made us to have sex and it wasn't bad or nasty but rather a gift of God to all of mankind. 

Nancy lifted her head and wiped her eyes as Nicole's words sunk in for the very first time in her whole life. 

Nancy, I have always wanted to help you understand that sex is a wonderful thing; I am so very glad you have at least had an orgasm even if it was with a dildo. In fact I will tell you right here and right now that my husband Frank isn't a great lover either and I often masturbate to fulfill my own needs too.

Girl, men just don't know how a woman needs to be touched. They grab and pull, thrusting hard and fast, and then BANG they cum and its over for them. Thus leaving us wanting more, often times never even having cum. We need a soft and slow touch, the feeling of moist flesh on moist flesh. I can show you if you want. I can help you become fulfilled sexually and it can be our secret.

Would you like for me to make love to you Nancy? Nicole asked as she pulled her close and nuzzled her neck letting her warm breath float over the soft skin of her neck and shoulder. Nancy moaned softly and moved her head up and down but no words would come from her mouth. Nicole instinctively understood and began to softly kiss Nancy's neck with her moist mouth as her hands began to unfasten the belt to Nancy's dress and then unzip her dress. 

Nancy shuddered with delight as Nicole slowly removed her dress and bra, continuing to kiss her body so softly that her lips felt like warm air brushing against her body. Nicole pushed Nancy's dress down to her hips as Nancy rose slightly to let her push it off and onto the floor. Then Nicole stood and removed her blouse and slacks exposing her body to Nancy. Nancy was amazed that Nicole was wearing no panties at all. 

Then pushing Nancy back onto the unmade bed Nicole continued to softly kiss and moan against Nancy's flesh until her mouth found its way to her left breast. Nicole's hands encased her breast delicately as her mouth covered her now erect nipple. Low moans were emanating from Nancy mouth as the ripples of pleasure moved from her breast down to her ever dampening pussy. Nancy arched her back toward Nicole's mouth lost in the pleasures of woman's mouth sucking gently on her nipple and breast. Her mind was alive with sensations like never before. Jeb sucked much harder on her nipples and his hands are rougher with her skin.

Nicole seemed to know how to allow light gentle pressure make the nerves under the surface of Nancy's skin come alive and allow her whole body to crying out for more of Nicole's touch. Nancy was unable to hold still as Nicole worked on first one then the other breast. She began to writhe in the bed as her panties start to soak thru with the musky smell of her sex. She was so wet that she could feel her cunt lips slide against each other teasing her clit with ever so soft caresses as Nancy rhythmically moved her hips back and forth. 

Nicole was expertly suckling and teasing Nancy's fully erect nipples and slowly working her way down towards Nancy's honey pot. A trail of saliva that formed between the mounds of Nancy's breast and moved down toward her concave stomach was evidence of Nicole's intended destination. Stopping for a moment she began to lick and flick her tongue in and out of Nancy's bellybutton. This was too much for Nancy and she grabbed Nicole's head and guided it down toward her now soppy pussy. 
