 One evening my girlfriend, Pamela, called and said she was feeling especially naughty and suggested we find something different to do that night.  I asked what she had in mind, and she said she was open to just about anything.  She said she would like to go to a club, preferably a strip club, and just see what happens.  I said I felt certain I could accommodate that desire and that I would be over shortly to pick her up.

I arrived at her place a short time later, and when she opened the door I was stunned with appreciation for the way she was dressed.  Pamela was wearing a very tight skirt and revealing blouse, of course no bra, and I could only imagine what kind, if any, panties she was wearing.  I could tell she was aroused as her pencil erasure hard nipples shown through the thin material. Her beautiful long legs were accentuated with a pair of nice heels, not too short and not too high.  Pamela has natural beauty, and was not wearing much make-up, but the way she had her hair and make-up done, made her appear very sexy.  Most men would consider her appearance as very erotic and sexy, without being sluty.  I asked if she was ready to go and she said yes.

As we walked to my car, images of her beauty were flooded with thoughts of what events this evening may bring.  I wondered how far she was really willing to go.  I opened her door and helped her into the car.  As she sat down on the seat, she naturally spread her legs to flash me a brief glimps of her pretty lace panties, and I felt myself begin to get aroused.  She looked at me and grinned a confident smile, as if to say she was going to blow my mind tonight.  I got in and we were off, off to a night that I would later learn would be one of the most exciting times of my life.

Pamela suggested we go to one of the strip clubs in Orlando since we would less likely run into people we knew if we were away from our town.  I said lets just go to Rachel's since they are supposed to have the most attractive group of girls.  On the way there, I could tell Pamela was beside herself with excitement, and she had said she had been so horny all day.  I asked what she wanted to do, and she just smiled and said she was in the mood to say yes to just about anything.  I smiled and said, "oh really".  She added that her honey hole had been wet most of the afternoon, and she invited me to see for myself.  She took my hand and guided it between her legs, under her skirt, to feel the wetness of her pretty panties.  A wave of excitement rushed over me as the tips of my fingers caressed the moistness of the pleasure zone I had enjoyed so many times.  We drove, and talked, and avoided the topic of what was in store for this evening, both of us conceding that things would develop naturally more than from a detailed plan.  

As we were walking in to Rachel's, I could not help but to feel so proud to be walking in to such an establishment with a beautiful woman like Pamela.  All eyes were upon us, but mostly her.  We found a table near the stage, but a row back from stage front, and took a seat.  Within a few moments a cute little gal came over and took our drink order.  Pamela ordered her usual glass of wine, and I smiled.  I know that it only takes a couple glasses of wine and she will do just about anything.  There was a barrage of beautiful scantily clad women throughout the club, a far better quality of girls than what the local clubs at home house.  As the gals mingled through the crowd walking past our table, they flashed sexy smiles at us both.  The looks on their faces revealed that they could tell we were out looking for trouble, and they approved.  Several of the gals danced and stripped before us revealing some of the sexiest bodies we had ever seen.  As we finished our first round of drinks and started another, Pamela was starting to loosen up as the alcohol was taking affect, and she was becoming flirtatious with the passing girls.  Somewhere between the second and third round of drinks, two young guys came over and sat at the table just to Pamela's side, but a little forward.  These two guys were not Chippendale models, but looked like young professionals in their late twenties or early thirties.  We really did not pay much attention to them at first, but found out later that they would play a major role in the evening.

Many of the girls had stopped by our table to see if we would be interested in a personal dance, but we had politely declined, waiting for just the right gal.  Pamela was on her third glass of wine when this very beautiful brunette, that we had been admiring since we got there, pulled up a chair between she and I.  She had a warm smile, and complimented us on how attractive a couple she thought we were, and entered into some very casual conversation, without giving us her dance pitch.  Pamela was giddy with excitement toward this woman, Tabitha, as she was entertaining us with her every movement.  It was not long before the conversation became so comfortable that we were all totally at ease, and Pamela and Tabitha were unconsciously touching each others arms, hands and legs.  Pamela kept saying how beautiful she thought Tabitha was, and Tabitha responded that she thought she was pretty hot as well.  

After a while, Tabitha turned to me and asked if we would like for her to give us a personal dance, I glanced at Pamela's anxious face, and replied that "I thought she would have to, before Pamela exploded".  When the next song began, Tabitha stood and walked in front of Pamela.  She grinned and asked for Pamela to spread her legs.  The look on Pamela's face indicated she nearly came from the simple request from this beautiful woman to spread her legs.  Pamela slowly spread her legs, and I noticed that the two men next to us were fixed on the sights next to them, and could have bowled them over with a feather as they were entranced with this display.  Tabitha grinned, and began to bump and grind on Pamela, as Pamela caressed Tabitha's ass, legs, belly and back.  It was all very erotic, and I was becoming incredibly aroused and adjusted my aching hard cock as it was confined in my trousers.  I also noticed that the two guys next to us were fidgeting in their seats as well.  

Tabitha buried Pamela's face deep between her perfect "D" cup tits, and Pamela grasped her ass and pulled her harder toward her hungry face.  Then Tabitha turned around and bent over, thrusting her hard round ass into Pamela's face, and the skinny fabric of her little thong was tight against her private area outlining the wonder of her womanhood.  Pamela gasped, and it was apparent to me she was imagining the taste of the sweet flesh that was before her.  She massaged the globes of her tight ass occasionally spreading her cheeks to open the view of her delicious pussy and tight little spincter.  Meanwhile, Tabitha was stroking the inside of Pamela's legs, and Pamela really began to squirm.  For a few moments I was in heaven, imagining Pamela and Tabitha in a very erotic 69 position each lapping up the other's juices.  Unfortunately, the song ended and so did Tabitha's show.  She sat back down between us, and thanked us for letting her dance for us.  We assured her that the thanks were ours.

One of the guys sitting next to us, leaned over and said that was the most entertaining show he had witnessed in a long time.  He went on to claim that both Tabitha and Pamela were such sexy women and they looked so natural together.  Following it up with compliments to me for having such a hot lady by my side.  We all smiled and relished in the attention we had caused.  Tabitha said she needed to excuse herself to change into her next outfit for the evening, but assured us she intended to come back to us.  Pamela and I insisted she hold to that promise.  As Tabitha was leaving our table we could not help but enjoy her wonderful backside one more time.  Soon after she had left, Pamela said she needed to use the restroom, and she excused herself.  It did not take long, after she was gone, for the man next to us to comment that he and his friend really enjoyed the show.  We engaged in some friendly conversation while Pamela was away, and when she came back, she just joined in.  We all introduced ourselves, and they introduced themselves as Mike and John.  Mike was the talker, and he was trying his best to find out if there was interest on our part to hook up with he and his friend.  Pamela was getting pretty tipsy, and her flirty nature was taking over, and she was really playing it up.  I was certain that Pamela was sizing up these men to determine if they were worthy of our company, and this realization was very stimulating for me.  

I had not realized how relaxed Pamela had become until I noticed that both Mike and John were fixed on Pamela's crotch.  She had turned with her legs in their direction, and had her legs parted just enough to give them a good view.  Her skirt had wiggled up her thighs until she was just barely covered, and totally uncovered from the front.  I did not say anything, as I was enjoying the attention Pamela was getting.  A few moments later, Tabitha came back over to our table and took a seat.  Our conversation started up as if it had never been interrupted.  Pamela leaned over to me and pleaded that she would love to have another dance.  I said sure baby, anything you want.  So when the next song started so did Tabitha.

Tabitha stood before Pamela and asked once more for her to spread her legs, which Pamela eagerly obliged.  Tabitha, Mike, John and I all gasped in unison as we all realized that Pamela's bare clean shaven biscuit was in full view.  Tabitha leaned forward and told Pamela to be careful with how exposed she was, because that was not allowed there, but that she was turned on to see how hot and wet Pamela had become.  The dance began, and we all stared in amazement at how erotic their show was, it was nearly impossible for us men to contain our excitement.  When the song finished Tabitha gathered her clothes and excused herself to go change once more.  Mike leaned over and said he had not imagined that something could be better than the previous show until he saw what just happened.  We all smiled, and Pamela asked without hesitation if Mike and John would like to fuck her.  We were all a bit surprised by her forwardness, but both men accepted quickly, and asked what she had in mind.  Pamela went on to say that there was a hotel across the street and that she and I would get a room and have them join us as our guests.  Mike and John said that sounded awesome, and asked what we were waiting for.  As we stood to leave, gathering our things, Tabitha approached again and asked if we were leaving.  Pamela turned to her, smiled and said that she had invited Mike and John to come give her a good fucking.  Tabitha hugged her and said "you go girl", following with her wish of being able to join us.

When we all walked outside, Pamela asked if either Mike or John had a cell phone, which both did.  We got one of their numbers and said we would call once we got to our room and invite them up.  We checked in, and went to our room.  When we got there I asked Pamela what she had in mind, and she replied that she knew I had always wanted to watch a hot show, and now she was going to provide the show.  She said just take a seat next to the bed and enjoy the show.  Pamela slipped out of her clothes, so she was bare ass naked, when there was a knock at the door.  She greeted both Mike and John at the door, both seemed a bit surprised that she was already naked.  I suppose they were wondering if this was just a dream.  

She brought them into the room and we all said our greetings one more time, I could tell they were a bit nervous.  Then Pamela started in with whether these two guys were really interested in continuing with what she wanted, having both of them at the same time.  They said they would definitely like to do that.  So Pamela asked them to show her what they were concealing in their pants.  There was a bit of tension while each of the men undid their pants and pulled out their tools.  Both were semi-hard, and I could tell by the look on Pamela's face she was pleased with what she saw.  She said that they both looked nice, and asked if she could play with them, both agreed.  She walked over next to them and grabbed both cocks, one in each hand, and began to stroke them, as she alternately kissed each man.  Then she suggested that both men go ahead and take off their clothes, which they did.  Mike was completely undressed before John, so Pamela knelt before Mike and started to use her wonderful mouth on his engorged cock.  Moments later John was naked and she motioned for him to come over closer, and she alternately gave each of these men head for a few minutes.  I was sitting there, stroking my cock through my pants, totally awe struck with this awesome display.

I could tell Pamela was really enjoying the feast she was working on, both men had very decent sized cocks, and she had them very hard.  After the few minutes of cock sucking Pamela said she had to have one of these fine cocks inside her.  She directed John to lay down in the center of the king size bed.  Then she crawled up on the bed with her ass high and wide right at the end of the bed, and positioned her mouth right over Johns cock.   Then she told Mike that she wanted him to take her from behind.  Mike maneuvered his way behind her and put the big mushroom capped head of his hard cock against the hungry opening of Pamela's pussy.  Pamela moaned slightly as Mike began to enter her, but she muffled her moan by taking Johns cock into her mouth.  Her pussy was so wet and willing that it was not long before Mike was working the entire length of his shaft into the depths of her honey pot.  Within a short time, Pamela was working toward what would be the first of many orgasms for the night.  Mike was thumping his hard cock deeper and fast into her pussy, as she was attempting to throat John's cock on the other end.  As each orgasm came she had to pause from her expert cock sucking to keep from choking on his cock.  

After several minutes in this position, she decided she wanted a change.  She moved forward and sat down on Johns erect cock, and started to grind back and forth.  She motioned for Mike to stand on the bed, which he did, and she started to suck his cock.  It was so hot to watch her suck her own juices off of another man's cock.  I was amazed to see how cock hungry my little sweetie really was, but it also excited me beyond words.  It seemed like a long time, but was probably only thirty minutes that Mike and John fucked Pamela in just about every conceivable position.   I had lost count of how many orgasms Pamela had been given.  Then Pamela asked them if they wanted to cum, and of course both said they would anytime she was ready.  She got into a beautiful doggie position and had John behind and Mike in front.  Each fucking their hard cocks into their respective holes, and she was taking them both like a pro.  John was really pounding his cock deep and fast into Pamela, and I knew he would go soon.  Pamela sucked harder as Mike was fucking her mouth.  Seconds later John began to buck and pump, and I knew he was dumping his load deep inside Pamela's pussy.  That was all it took for Mike and he began to pour his hot cream into Pamela's hungry mouth, and she ate all that was offered.  Both men collapsed in exhaustion after expending all of their energy during their orgasms, both with labored breathing.  Pamela rolled over to her side, and used her fingers to clean the cum that dribbled down her chin, and fed it to her mouth.  Looking deep into my eyes, with a very satisfied smile, she asked me if I liked what I saw.  All I could say was, "Oh my God, yes", and this pleased her very much.  She rolled over onto her back without taking her eyes off of me, and asked me if I was ready to relieve my aching cock.  I answered yes so quickly that it appeared I was begging for attention.  She commanded me to strip.

Then she said she wanted me to kiss her, so I approached the bed. As I got closer to the bed, both Mike and John rose from the bed and took seats in the chairs near the bed.  Now they would be the spectators.  I knelt down on the bed and leaned over to kiss Pamela, and as my face got closer to her lips I could smell the scent of Mike's cum on her breath.  We kissed and the residue of his taste was in her mouth, but it only excited me more.  As our kiss broke, Pamela asked if I liked kissing her after another man had cum in her mouth.  I said I thought it was very hot.  She replied that she was glad I enjoyed it, because if I wanted her to relieve my pent up excitement, I would have to use my tongue to clean her cum filled pussy.  I was so horny, and so desperate for relief that all I could say was ok, and asked what position she wanted.  She suggested I kneel on the floor between her legs, so she could watch my eyes to see my reaction to eating another man's cum from her pussy.

I knelt next to the bed, and Pamela scooted her ass to the edge, and spread her raised legs.  I could see that a small stream of cum was draining out the bottom of her pussy and starting to run down to her ass hole, she asked what I was waiting for.  I leaned forward and the odor of their combined sex juices was strong.  I started to flick my tongue around her clit, hesitant to directly taste his cum.  After several moments of manipulating her clit, Pamela said she really enjoyed the feeling, but wanted to remind me that if I did not clean her pussy, she was not going to suck my cock. I hurriedly lowered my tongue down her creamed pie, and it quickly became coated with cum.  Pamela moaned with pleasure, saying that this really turned her on.  Adding, she wanted me to fuck her pussy with my tongue, sucking all of John's cum out.  I found I was really enjoying it, the more I got, the more I wanted.  Within minutes I had licked every drop of cum I could reach from deep inside her pussy, even the cum that had run down the crack of her ass.  She was complementing my thoroughness, but suggested I may not be able to get it all from this position.  

She told me to lie on the bed, which I obliged, and she straddled my face.  Facing my cock she began to gently stroke my very sensitive cock, she had to know I would explode into orgasm quite easily.  Then she said, lets see if your magical tongue can find anything more inside me, and she lowered her musky pussy down to my tongue.  I tongued her hole for a short time, when gravity and Pamela use of her vaginal muscles forced more of John's cum down to my awaiting tongue.  I could not believe how much cum was still inside her.  Pamela must have realized her pussy was nearly empty, so she leaned forward and licked the head of my slippery hard cock.  I had oozed out a puddle of precum on my belly, and she lapped it up.  Then she took my anxious cock into the warmth of her mouth, and I nearly came.  She sucked gently not wanting me to explode right away.  I started to lick her clit, and she came quickly.  Her orgasm was so intense that her lips locked more powerfully on my over excited cock, and I began to thrust my hips wildly toward her face.  I could no longer contain my pent up excitement, and began to dump my load in her hot hungry mouth.  Undoubtably, I pumped a huge load of my hot sperm down her throat with every thrust,  and she swallowed what she could.  After she had drained me of all my energy, she rolled off of me and lay by my side.  We both basked in the after-glow of our wonderful orgasms.  

A moment later, Pamela raised her head and smiled to both Mike and John, asking them both if the enjoyed their time with us.  Both men stated, that it was one of the best experiences either of them had ever had.  Pamela thanked them both for helping to make one of her fantasies come true, she looked at me and smiled, and continued that it was one of "our" fantasies.  I just lay there trying to catch my breath as she said good night to our new friends.  They dressed, and left the hotel room probably to never be heard from again.  Pamela and I lay on the bed caressing eachother, replaying the wonders of the evening in our imaginations, until we just drifted off into sleep.