 ***

-- CHAPTER 3: Adoration --

***

*STILL SATURDAY NIGHT*

"Ungh... ungh... ungh..." the pretty brunette whimpered over and again while my cock drilled in and out of her clenching pussy. Over the course of the past few weeks, I had been wondering what this would be like. The reality did not disappoint.

I gripped her hips tighter as I pumped her slender body from behind, and then put my hand to the small of her back, forcing her torso down until her chest was flat on the sofa cushion. Charlotte simply licked her lips and then moaned, "More... harder..."

So I picked up my pace.

Twenty minutes earlier, we were all recuperating from Round 1 and spread across the three couches and various chairs in the room. We got a few drinks and engaged in heavily sexual conversation while the boys recharged. Kaitlyn and I snuggled together on a recliner meant for one, delighted by our budding romantic feelings.

Jeremy was laughing as he noticed a thick glob of John's cum on Rebecca's chin. He pointed it out and Rebecca blushed as she scooped it with a finger and popped it into her mouth.

"So, does that fill my workout quota for the day?" John asked.

Rebecca shook her head. "Two more cums, at least," she said in a stern tone. "You did alright for an ab exercise but I'd better see more upper body work in the next hour or so, or I'll really work you to death on Monday."

John just sighed while Rebecca laughed.

I didn't understand until Kaitlyn leaned over and told me, "Rebecca is John's personal trainer."

"Ah," I replied. Now that I got a better look at the brunette, her occupation made perfect sense. She was certainly in great shape. Her body was toned and well- muscled without being bulky, looking like she could be competitive at an Olympic heptathlon or something. Her long brown hair was pulled back into a ponytail, leaving her pretty face clear and absent of any real makeup. Even her obviously fake tits, so high and round, fit in with the rest of her physique.

Taylor overheard and leaned towards us. "I want Johnny to be in good shape for the wedding. He was starting to get pudgy around the mid-section." With that, Taylor poked her fiancé's love handles, which were barely noticeable.

"Hey, I've got you. It's not like I needed to go out and impress women anymore," John retorted with a smile at me. And then he leaned forward with a grin. "But leave it to Taylor to find me a beautiful, bisexual woman for a trainer."

He turned and looked at Rebecca and in a louder voice said, "I mean, less than three days after we first met she just stuck her hand in my shorts and started jacking me off while I was trying to do a sit-up."

Rebecca broke off her conversation with Cassandra and grinned. "It's not MY fault you had a hard-on. All your blood flow was going in the wrong direction and I had to get rid of the problem so we could get on with the workout."

John sat up straighter. "It WAS your fault. You were wearing that really low-cut top and bent over at the waist while counting my reps."

Rebecca giggled, "Oh, yeah..."

Taylor joined in the laughing. "Well that was three months ago. I'm doubly happy that Rebecca is such a good carpet muncher..." Taylor leered at Jeremy and spread her legs, letting a bit more of his spunk leak out of her. "And that her boyfriend is such a stud." 

"Oh!" Rebecca sat up. "Is there more of my man in there?" Quickly, Rebecca slid over and got to her knees before Taylor, diving in headfirst to scoop out whatever Jeremy had left inside.

That seemed to signal the beginning for the next round. Kaitlyn and John started eyeballing each other, stirring just the briefest jealous thought in me. But then I remembered, they'd known each other a lot longer than me.

As if reading my mind, Kaitlyn turned back and planted a wet kiss on me, filling it with all her newfound affection. She sighed happily as she broke it off. "There are really only two rules: One, Cassandra's off-limits to any man besides John. And two," she frowned for a moment. "John won't cum inside anyone's pussy but Taylor or Cassandra." She shrugged. "Their house, their party, their rules."

The second rule obviously didn't apply to me. And as great as Cassandra looked, especially her incredible rack, I would live. Besides, Charlotte took that moment to come over and kneel right in front of me. Without her glasses, she looked so young and innocent. You would never guess what kind of kinky submissive she could be.

"Please, Mr. Lee, sir... I want your cock. Will you fuck me?" she asked in a quiet voice.

Something in her tone stirred back up the latent animal, and after looking to Kaitlyn for approval, I nodded. Charlotte then proceeded to slurp me into her hot little mouth, bringing me up to full hardness while I reached down to play with her pleasingly round titties.

She was getting better at fellating me. Where first Charlotte had been efficient, by now she was figuring out my pleasure buttons and I was quickly at full mast. Charlotte then moved over to kneel before one of the couches, laying her chest on the cushion and reaching back with her own hands to spread her pussy lips wide for my perusal.

Over the course of the past few weeks, being so close to Charlotte's naked body without ever actually screwing her, I'd wondered what it would be like. I was about to find out. And once my mushroom head parted her wet lips and began its descent deeper into her body, Charlotte moaned appreciatively.

She spread her arms forward, slipping her hands to the other side of the sofa cushion and gripping it while I pressed forward until my pelvis was flush against Charlotte's cute ass. She giggled when I started wiggling my hips, carving my cock around her innards. And then the pretty brunette went back to moaning as I pulled back and began to pump in and out of her tight tunnel.

Meanwhile, Taylor and Cassandra started sixty-nining on another couch. Jeremy pulled his girlfriend Rebecca into his lap so that the athletic brunette could ride him. And John had Kaitlyn bent over the armrest of the same couch I was fucking Charlotte against, leaving the two girls' heads only about a foot apart.

He'd found a bottle of Astroglide somewhere and Kaitlyn was wriggling in anticipation. In a familiar voice, she moaned, "Hurt me..."

I swear Charlotte shuddered just hearing Kaitlyn say that, and I started drilling her sodden pussy even harder. Charlotte lifted up her chest and used the leverage of her arms to start ramming back at me with every stroke.

"Ungh... ungh... ungh..." the pretty brunette whimpered over and again while my cock drilled in and out of her clenching pussy. "More... harder..."

"Ohhh..." Kaitlyn was moaning and I turned to see John's rather large dick begin to penetrate into the blonde's teenaged asshole. Having been there myself, I grinned at him as I really began to fuck Charlotte.

Once John was fully inside, he exhaled happily and glanced over at me. Then he picked up the Astroglide and held it out for me, his hips pumping back and forth as he skewered Kaitlyn's ass on his dick.

Charlotte's head was turned so that she could see this exchange, and she quivered. Whether in fear or anticipation I'm not sure.

"Charlotte," John said sternly.

"Yes, sir," she gasped while I kept thrusting into her pussy.

"You're going to take Mr. Lee's cock up your ass and you're going to love it."

"Yes, *sir*..." Charlotte quivered again, and this time I knew it was from pleasure. I coated up my fingers and began to lube up the pretty brunette's bunghole, and meanwhile John started pounding Kaitlyn with increasing force.

"Ohhh... fuck my ass!" Kaitlyn cried as her head shook.

"Fuck my ass!" Charlotte echoed, and I pulled my iron hard erection out of her sopping pussy and guided the tip to her dusky red star.

Charlotte picked up her head and started groaning as we both strained to get the mushroom head through her sphincter. And when it popped inside she whimpered and moaned, her anguish turning into a satisfied groan as my shaft burrowed deeper and deeper.

"Ohhh..." Kaitlyn crooned again while John continued to ream her out, and then the blonde teen reached out with one hand, pulling Charlotte's face to her own so the two young women could lock lips and swap spit while they were both getting buggered.

Meanwhile, the other four had managed to turn themselves into an odd formation. Cassandra was laying flat on the floor with her head at the base of the next sofa. Rebecca was sitting on her face, letting Cassandra's long tongue spear into her juicing snatch while Rebecca deep-throated her boyfriend. Jeremy was the only one actually sitting on the sofa, his legs spread to the sides around both Rebecca and Cassandra. And while his girlfriend was blowing him, his head was back so that Taylor could perch practically on top of the sofa back, straddling Jeremy's head so that he could eat her out as the four of them connected together in a vertical chain of oral pleasure.

"Fu... fu... fu..." Charlotte started chanting while I pistoned in and out of her anal chute. Her muscles clamped down on me rhythmically, getting me closer and closer to orgasm. Kaitlyn wasn't far behind. John had her pinned to the armrest, and I read the anguish in the pretty blonde's face as her own orgasm started to overwhelm her.

The raw animal instinct was growing in power the closer I got to my climax. My hands caressed Charlotte's shapely hips for a brief moment, and then with a surge of adrenaline I suddenly gripped her waist and started roughly pounding her ass. She screamed at the unexpected force and then with my right hand I started slapping her buttcheek over and over, unrelenting as I simply started whaling away at the brunette's tender flesh.

The pain set her off. She shrieked in exquisite agony and came, her ass muscles spasming around my shaft and pulling me over the edge with her. With a roaring growl I slammed forward as deeply as I could go and began ejecting load after load of cum up the ass of Taylor's personal assistant. "Ugh! Ugh!" I grunted with each shot as I felt it fly out of me.

And just as I started cumming, as if on the exact same wavelength, Kaitlyn cried out her orgasm as well, tears dribbling down her face as she wailed out, and then John was following after, answering my wolfish growl with one of his own as he began spunking inside the blonde teenager's asshole.

A few minutes later, we paired off and went to separate bathrooms. Cassandra and Charlotte went with John and Taylor to the master suite to clean up together. Jeremy and Rebecca went to one guest bathroom, and Kaitlyn wouldn't let go of my hand from the moment we came back together.

It didn't matter that I'd just fucked another woman's ass and she'd gotten her ass fucked by another man. Yes, we'd had sex with other people, but the bond I felt with her was no less than before. I leaned back in the shower and let Kaitlyn clean me up before I returned the favor. And when we cuddled together in the warm spray and our lips came together, I knew I'd found my soulmate.

We would live happily ever after.

If only life were that simple.

***

*SUNDAY*

Growing up, I'd read about rich people and their secret passageways in order to have clandestine meetings with mistresses and the like. I'd thought that sort of thing only existed in European castles and palatial countryside mansions. I never expected to find one in a modern Manhattan apartment building.

The trap door from John Kwong's closet down to Kaitlyn's closet was so simple in design and yet mind-boggling in its implications. When Kaitlyn showed it to me, my mind immediately started to wonder at exactly what her relationship was to John, especially given the "mistress"-connotations a secret passage implied.

Kaitlyn had explained that the trap door and ladder had been put in before her family moved in. I was just incredulous that her parents hadn't found it yet.

Still, I put my questions aside when Kaitlyn invited me to spend the night with her. I was pretty tired after John and Taylor's little orgy and the prospect of sleeping with my angel for a second night in a row was just too good to pass up.

And now it was Sunday morning. Well, technically it was Sunday afternoon. The party hadn't broken up until close to 3am and as I glanced at the clock on Kaitlyn's bedside table, it was now just after 12noon. I hadn't slept nine hours in FOREVER; but considering the exertion I'd put myself through last night, I wasn't overly surprised.

And when I awoke, it was with my arms wrapped around Kaitlyn's naked body. Her golden head was pillowed on my left bicep and my right hand had subconsciously settled one of her round breasts into my palm. I was holding her in my arms. She was letting me hold her in my arms. And the feelings running through me were even better than sex.

For the zillionth time I pondered how incredibly lucky I was. Kaitlyn had been but a fantasy a month ago. She was the pretty face who stuck in my head and then refused to leave it after nothing but a chance encounter in a smoothie shop. And now I had spent what amounted to an incredible weekend with her. And I was falling in love.

How was it possible? I barely knew the girl. She was still a teenager for crying out loud. I had no real knowledge of her personality, her quirks, her funky habits. Love like this only happened in fairy tales, not in Manhattan.

Was it only me? Was I the only one feeling like this? Did Kaitlyn just see me as a good lay and a one-night... well, two-night stand? Seriously, how could she consider me boyfriend material? How does any 19-year-old girl decide she wants to be serious with anyone after only 3 days?

At some point, she and I would have to figure out our true feelings for one another. It was so easy to get swept away in the whirlwind. As the older person I thought I had to stay grounded on some level about how realistic a relationship might be.

But I wasn't going to get that chance right now. I started hearing voices outside the door. It was odd to me because the apartment had been completely empty for the entire weekend. Kaitlyn had said her parents always gave the staff time off whenever they themselves went on vacation. So who was in the apartment?

Almost immediately, a deep male voice called through the door, "Kaitlyn?"

My blonde angel was up immediately. "It's my dad!" she hissed at me under her breath. From the tone in her voice, it didn't seem like her father would take kindly to finding a naked man in his only daughter's bed.

All I could think at that moment was, 'Oh, SHIT.'

***

-- KAITLYN --

He was holding me in his arms, and the feelings running through me were even better than sex.

For the zillionth time I pondered how incredibly lucky I was. Jeff had been but a fantasy a month ago. He was the adoring gaze that stuck in my head and then refused to leave it after nothing but a chance encounter in a smoothie shop. And now I had spent what amounted to an incredible weekend with him. And I was falling in love.

How was it possible? I barely knew the guy. I had no real knowledge of his personality, his quirks, his funky habits. I didn't know if he was a trustworthy man or just another asshole player. Love like this only happened in fairy tales, not in Manhattan.

Was it only me? Was I the only one feeling like this? Did Jeff just see me as a hot body and a one-night... well, two-night stand? Seriously, how could he consider me girlfriend material? How does any successful young professional decide he wants to be serious with a teenager after only 3 days?

At some point, he and I would have to figure out our true feelings for one another. It was so easy to get swept away in the whirlwind. Despite the thrill I had to stay grounded on some level about how realistic a relationship might be.

But I wasn't going to get that chance right now. I started hearing voices outside the door. It was odd to me because the apartment had been completely empty for the entire weekend. Daddy always gave the staff time off whenever they themselves went on vacation. So who was in the apartment?

Almost immediately, a deep male voice called through the door, "Kaitlyn?"

I was up immediately. They must have come home from the Bahamas early. I HATED it when they did that. Sometimes I think my dad deliberately lied to me about when he would be returning just to see if he could catch me with uninvited guests.

"It's my dad!" I hissed at Jeff under my breath. Daddy would not take kindly to finding a naked man in his only daughter's bed. Part of me wanted to panic but I already had an idea in mind.

Hurriedly, I pushed Jeff off the bed and into the closet. He whirled around and looked confused, not yet understanding. I'd seen enough movies. No one ever managed to stay hidden in a closet. But I didn't want him to stay in the closet.

"Kaitlyn?" came Daddy's voice again, this time accompanied by the jiggle of the door lock.

I emphatically pointed up the ladder to the trap door and he finally understood. Quickly, he started climbing while I called out in a faux-sleepy voice, "I'm up. I'm up."

"Darling, can I come in?"

"Uh, I'm not dressed, Daddy. Hang on a sec!" I slipped into a bathrobe just as Jeff got through the trap door and then closed it behind himself. I saw his clothing in a pile next to my bed and hurriedly I kicked it underneath the frame. And then fixing my hair behind my ears, I stepped forward and opened the door.

"Daddy! You're home early!"

***

-- JEFFREY --

For a second, I stayed unmoving in John Kwong's closet, my ears straining to try and hear something through the trap door. I heard muffled voices, but I couldn't make out the words.

And then a different moan caught my attention. It was the moan of a woman in heat. I turned my head and realized that the closet door was open, giving me a clear view of a couple in the middle of making love on the bed.

My eyes went wide seeing the stunning nude form of Cassandra Cooper. She was on all fours, her fair blonde hair swept to one side while her beautiful face and sky blue eyes shone in the mid-day light. Her tits were absolutely incredible, so large and firm and pendulously rocking back and forth with her fucking motion. It didn't seem fair that such a tall and slender woman could have such a pair of tits.

John Kwong was right behind her, pumping away with his hands on her hips. They were groaning and moaning and oblivious to my presence. For a while at least.

Then Cassandra saw me and she stopped moving, a crooked smile on her face. Her sudden halt got John's attention and they both looked over at me.

"Uh, sorry..." I stammered and tried to cover my naked crotch with my hands. "Kaitlyn's dad came home earlier than expected."

John chuckled, "Hal Reynolds has a habit of doing that." He nodded to a spot past me. "Grab a bathrobe and you can hang out in the lounge for a bit. Kaitlyn will come up when the coast is clear."

Quickly, I borrowed the robe and then scurried past the fornicating couple, unable to resist ogling Cassandra's body one last time before slipping out. Once I closed the bedroom's double-doors, I heard the moaning start up again on the other side.

So wrapped up in what was going on in the Master Bedroom, I didn't realize there was someone else in the Master Lounge until after I closed the door and turned around.

Taylor was wearing a royal purple robe and curled up on a couch, reading some fashion magazines. She looked up at me and said, "Hello, Jeffrey. Were you trying to fool me into thinking you were my fiancé?"

"Huh?"

"You're wearing his robe," she pointed to the monogrammed JK over the breastbone on the robe.

"Uh, no," I stammered. I explained the situation about Kaitlyn's father and Taylor nodded understandingly.
