 Both of the girls had their skirts hiked up around their waists and their shirts above their tits, but they didn't remove either article of clothing. To them it seemed hotter to keep them on because they knew how filthy they'd end up getting. They finally decided to unlock the door to their booth, and the first two guys in line walked in, cocks in hands. 

"Do we need condoms or anything?" asked one of the guys.

"FUCK condoms!" Jen shouted, loud enough for the whole bookstore to hear. "Bareback is the only way to go! We want fuckin' cum in every hole in our bodies. Go ahead and fuckin' breed us with your baby juice. We don't give a shit! We're just a couple of cum dumpsters to be used any way you feel like!"

With that announcement, all the guys in the bookstore knew they were in for a night of nasty fun. The two who had entered the booth wasted no time ramming their cocks up the girls' pussies. 

"Oh SHIT yeah, that's what I needed!" cried Stacy. "Pound that fucker home you dirty bastard! Abuse my cunt! Treat me the way a filthy slut deserves to be treated!"

Another cock poked through the hole and Stacy greedily gobbled it down. Both girls continued to suck every cock that came through the glory holes while the guys in their booth were fucking them from behind. As soon as one guy would cum, another would be there to take his place. Sometimes the guys would cum up their pussies, other times they would pull out and shoot all over their backs and asses. The girls were beginning to get completely covered in cum. Every time a guy would pull out of one of their cunts, globs of sperm would come pouring out and splat on the floor between their legs. Jen was actually starting to wonder where all these men were coming from. It didn't seem like there was this many in the store when they first arrived. 

At one point a guy stepped up to take his turn at Jen, and he said, "I can't fuck this bitch's cunt! It's all sloppy now and I won't get any friction!"

Jen pulled her mouth off the cock she was sucking and replied, "Is there something wrong with my asshole, motherfucker? I've got a whole other fuckhole here and no one's bothered to use it yet!"

Stacy heard this and exclaimed, "Ooo wait! Let me lube her ass up for you!" With that she turned around, pulled Jen's buttcheeks as far apart as they could go, and began munching on her puckered asshole. Every so often she'd pull back and spit giant gobs of saliva right into Jen's ass. Jen was moaning and squealing around the cock in her mouth. 

"Ok, now she's ready to be ass fucked!" said Stacy. The man took Stacy's place and rammed his hard cock up Jen's ass in one motion. He did not care about being gentle, and Jen wanted it that way. He began to pound away at her ass, his balls slapping Jen's cunt with every stroke. Jen was truly in ecstasy now, for she was a pure anal addict. 

"HOLY FUCK that feels good!" she shouted. "Ram my dirty asshole! You like that? You like that you motherfucker? OH MY GOD! Come on do it harder! Is that all you got bitch? Oh yeah! Plow my shithole! Oh my God I needed this so bad!"

Jen's filthy mouth, coupled with the fact that he was the first to fuck her asshole tonight, was too much for the guy. He moaned and blasted his jizz deep into her bowels. Jen could feel every spurt coating the walls of her ass. As the guy pulled his cock out, Jen turned around and immediately began sucking it. This was her favorite taste in the world: sperm mixed with ass juice. She sucked and licked until the guy's cock was clean, then said, "Ok, who wants my ass next?"

Another guy stepped up to use Jen's ass, and Stacy decided she couldn't wait any longer to have her back door filled. After the man who was fucking her shot his load up her pussy, Stacy reached down and shoved three fingers up there, scooping up as much cum as she could. She then rammed all three fingers up her asshole, twisting them around, making sure her ass was lubed up good with fresh sperm. When the next guy came into the booth she directed him straight towards her asshole. Now both girls were getting fucked up the ass at the same time and loving every second of it.

Jen and Stacy could see out of the open door to their booth, and there was a huge crowd of men out there. They had already both sucked or fucked at least a dozen guys, and yet there seemed to be no end to the group of men waiting their turn. What they didn't know was that the manager had "officially" closed the store, locking the front door, but then unlocked the back door. He then proceeded to call just about every guy he knew and told them to get down there quickly so they could take a turn with the sluts. The men that were already in the bookstore followed his lead and started to call their friends too. 

Soon there was a virtually endless rotation of men coming and going from the bookstore. Random men passing by on the street would see the crowd gathering around the back door and wander in to check out the action. Every one of them got at least a blowjob, and some were lucky enough to fuck a cunt or an asshole. Some of the men became so impatient waiting their turn that they began to play with each other. There was not a gay guy in the bunch, but they were so horny from watching the proceedings that they needed to get off. Some began to stroke each other's cocks while talking about how hot Jen and Stacy were and discussing what nasty things they were going to do to them. Men with wedding rings on were on their knees sucking cock. The scene was total depravity.

Whenever Jen and Stacy were able to wipe the glaze of cum off their eyes, they could see what was going on all around them. At this point they were no longer in the booth, but had been dragged out into the middle of the hallway. The sight of all these horny men getting nasty with each other made the girls even hotter. They were shouting for the men to fuck them harder, degrade them, abuse them, treat them like filthy whores. Sometime a man who had been sucking cock would walk over with a mouth full of cum and spit it right into one of the girls' mouths, or all over her face. Jen and Stacy were almost unrecognizable from the amount of goo that covered their faces. Their hair looked like it had been dipped in a bucket of jizz. 

Stacy yelled that she needed to taste some ass, so guys began to take turns sitting on her face. One by one they squatted over her, mashing their hairy, sweaty assholes into her mouth. Stacy spread each guy's ass cheeks as far apart as she could so she could ram her tongue way up his asshole. She knew how nasty she looked munching on all of these asses, and she loved every minute of it. Sometimes she would even stick a finger from each hand up the guy's hole and use them to pry it apart, making it gape. This way she could get her tongue up there as far as possible and lick the inside of his anal walls. When a guy would get so excited from the ass licking that he shot his load, Stacy would save it in her mouth until the next guy came over. Then she would force the load of cum up into his ass with her mouth and suck it back out. The mixture of cum and ass juice was one of her favorite tastes in the world. 

At one point someone shouted that the two girls should sixty-nine, which they were more than happy to do, so Stacy climbed on top of Jen. They began to sloppily much away at each other's cunts, which were filled with dozens and dozens of loads of cum. Stacy would scoop up giant globs of sperm as it oozed out of Jen pussy and shovel it into her mouth, or sometimes just smear it all over her face. Jen, being on the bottom, had better access to both holes, and was hungrily slurping jizz out of both of them. She was keeping Stacy's ass cheeks spread apart as far as she could, and her gaping asshole was flowing cum into Jen's mouth and all over her face.

The men had had enough of just watching, and again the cocks moved in. This time each girl had a close-up view of the other getting pounded. Every time a guy fucked Stacy in the pussy, his dangling balls would bounce and slap Jen all over her face. If the guy was fucking Stacy's ass, Jen would lift her head up and suck his balls or slobber all over his asshole. Some guys came way up Stacy's ass, some pulled out and blasted her abused asshole, and some chose to jerk off all over Jen's face. No matter how they did it, Jen didn't let a single one of them walk away without cleaning the taste of Stacy's nasty shithole off his cock. 

Meanwhile, down at the other end, Stacy was similarly enjoying her treatment. She would lick Jen's clit if the guy was fucking her pussy, or completely clamp her mouth down on Jen's pussy if her ass was filled. There were so many men crowded around now that many of them could not wait their turn. Stacy felt a constant barrage of cum landing on her back, hair, and face. One guy even walked up and shoved the tip of his cock against her nostril. Before she realized what was happening, he started blasting forceful jets of cum up her nose. She began to choke and sputter, and as she coughed the man's cum came out of her mouth. Instead of getting pissed off, this just turned Stacy on more. She had come to this place to be used like a cum dumpster, and if the men wanted to blast their loads into any orifice she had, that was their right. 

As they continued to get fucked, the men would yell vile obscenities at them. It was a constant stream of phrases such as, "Eat that cum you filthy pig! Suck my asshole you nasty gutter whore! Gag on my cock! Choke on it bitch! Oh my God these bitches are so nasty! Take my cock you fuck hole! Open that slimy asshole for me!" Every insult just turned the two girls on even more. They loved the fact that they were here to be used, abused, slapped around and thrown all over the place like rag dolls.