 My friend and I were hanging out at a local bar one night. We were talking and having a few drinks when the conversation turned to strip poker. Being a little tipsy I didn't notice the waiter had come up to our table. My normal luck seemed to stand because he mentioned that if we wanted there was a backroom where we could have a game. 

Blushing, I laughed and continued to sit and talk to my friend. The conversation turned dirty and he started telling me about screwing a girl in a bar bathroom. I could feel my pussy start to drip as he told me about pushing his hard cock into her pussy and how it tensed around his cock as she came.

I told him it was time for me to head home and he suggested we go out a different way. I shrugged as he led me towards the back. The waiter stopped us and asked if we had decided to take him up on his offer. My friend nodded and I couldn't find anything to say as they led me to a back room.

I noticed a table and three chairs set up and realized that the waiter was going to play too. The waiter had set a couple shots at each spot. I was so nervous I drank them both before I sat down. Between the alcohol and the wetness dripping between my legs, I couldn't pay attention to the cards and quickly lost the first hand. They both looked at me expectantly to see what I was going to take off. 

I reached underneath my skirt and tugged off my underwear. My friend laughed and said that it was a little pointless being modest as they were going to see it all anyways. I placed them on the table and my friend took them and put them in his pocket. The waiter started asking me what it felt like sitting there with two men knowing that one of them had my underwear. Embarrassed, I looked down at my cards and quickly chose my discards. This time I was lucky enough to have a pair and I felt confident that I could win. My friend decided to fold as I looked like I had something.

The waiter was not shaken by my confidence at all and bugged me about losing the next hand. I was so sure that I would win that when he suggested doubling the bet I agreed. He showed his hand and I could feel my bubble burst. Even though I had a pair, he won the hand. I wanted to get it over with as soon as possible so I hurried to remove my tank top and bra.

My friend and the waiter started discussing my breasts as I sat there and waited for the last hand to be dealt. My friend was taking his time shuffling and I was starting to squirm anxiously. The hand was dealt and I had nothing. Because I was having trouble focusing, I didn't fold even though I should have. 

My friend turned over his cards and I realized I had lost the hand. I realized that, while I was sitting there with just my skirt, both men were completely dressed. 

I started to stammer that this was fun but I needed to be getting home. My friend said that was fine but I was wearing something that belonged to him now. The waiter grinned at him and suggested that perhaps there was a way for me to get my clothes back. Relief rushed over me as I eagerly agreed saying that I would do anything to get my clothes back.

My friend cocked his eyebrow at me and asked me if I was sure. I nodded enthusiastically. The waiter gestured for my friend to go ahead and take the lead. I looked back and forth between the two of them unsure what was happening. He walked up to me and took my hand for me to stand up. 

I stood up in front of him and he put his hands behind my neck and angled my face up towards him. He started to kiss me softly on the lips. He took his time and nibbled on my lower lip before deepening the kiss. I could feel my body start to tingle and rose up on my toes to get closer.

He caressed my body moving his hands down my back until he reached my skirt. I felt a pull at the zipper and it fell to the ground. I moaned as his hands grabbed my ass and pulled my body hard against his. The fabric of his shirt brushed against my erect nipples. My bare pussy started to ache from feeling so empty.

He moved his hands up so they were on my shoulders then slid them down my arms until they gripped my wrists. He pushed them behind my back and put them into one hand. I moaned as he massaged my breasts with his free hand, pinching and pulling at my nipples, causing me to gasp as they hardened. He turned me around so my hands were between us.

My mouth dropped open as I looked up and realized the waiter was still in the room. I had managed to forget all about him with my friend was touching me. My friend continued exploring with his free hand while kissing and nibbling on my neck. The waiter walked up and started kneading my breast. He bent over taking my other breast in his mouth. He flicked his tongue over my nipple before letting his mouth close around it. I moaned as my friend's hand brushed against my wet pussy. As he started to press harder I rubbed my pussy against his hand hoping for some sort of release. He commented on how wet it was and that I seemed to be ready for anything now. I nodded with the only thing on my mind being the empty feeling in my pussy.

Both men stopped what they were doing and stepped back. I looked at them feeling more exposed than ever. My friend undid his jeans and told me to get down on my knees in front of him. I knelt down as he pulled out his cock. He told me to lick his cock so I ran my tongue up and down the length of it, circling the head with my tongue every time I reached the top. I brought my one hand up to rub his cock as I continued to explore with my tongue. I circled his head with my tongue before taking it in my mouth. I gently stroked his cock as the head slid deeper in and out of my mouth. 

My pussy started to throb and I wanted his cock in me so bad. I moved my hand out of my way so I could get as much as possible. I moved his cock in and out of my mouth going as far as was comfortable. I let my hand wander down between my legs and felt how wet I was. I started to take my time, playing, alternating between sucking soft and hard, while rubbing my pussy spreading around the moisture. 

My friend put his hands behind my head and started driving his cock in and out of my mouth. I stopped playing with my pussy so that I could put my hands on his ass encouraging him further. As he quickened the pace all I could do was relax and let him do what he wanted to. He drove his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth. I glanced out the corner of my eye to see the waiter stroking his cock. I could feel my pussy start to seep as he stroked in time with my friend.

My friend drove into my mouth one last time as I felt his cum spray the back of my throat. He took his hands off the back of my head pulling his cock from my mouth. I swallowed what was left in my mouth before gently reaching up to lick every drop from his cock. As I let his cock go, he stepped back being replaced by the waiter.

The waiter stepped in front of me. I wondered what I'd gotten myself into. I licked his cock up and down before taking his head in my mouth. Unlike my friend, he didn't seem to want to take his time at all. He put his hand in my hair and tugged it allowing him to push his cock deeper into my mouth. I looked up at him and he was staring down, watching his cock move in and out of my mouth stretching the sides.

He started moving his cock deeper in and out and I could feel him pressing against the back of my throat. This time when I looked up at him I could feel his eyes burning into mine. He pulled his cock from my mouth and told me to bend over the table. 

I stood up and walked over to the table. Both my friend and the waiter came to stand behind me. As I bent over the table, they started to discuss the view. They walked up behind and each started to rub a side of my ass. I don't know who but one of them moved their hands down and was using it to rub my pussy. They kept talking but I was so turned on that I couldn't make out what the words were. I moaned as I felt my clit being played with. I could feel one of them pushing a finger in my pussy and start moving it in and out. He started twisting it around and I could feel my pussy stretching. He started to work in another finger and I pushed back, trying to help, wanting to feel more. 

He took his fingers out and I whimpered at the empty feeling. I felt a cock sliding into my wet cunt. I didn't know whose it is but I didn't really care either. I moaned as it moved in and out of me. I could feel my head being pulled up and saw my friend in front of me. He brought his cock up to my face and I opened my mouth invitingly. I started to work his cock with my tongue as I felt the waiter fucking me harder from behind. They both pulled out just as my body started to build to orgasm. I cried out from the frustration of being so close and not being able to cum. They started to talk from behind me again. 

I felt two fingers being shoved into my empty cunt. They were gone as quickly as they'd been put there. Two hands spread my ass to make sure that everything was showing. I could feel the two fingers wet from my juices working their way around my anus. It felt odd knowing that there were two men standing behind me watching my body react to them playing with my ass. I quickly forgot anything about it when I felt the fourth hand rubbing my pussy and started to feel the two fingers playing with my anus start to work their way in. I could feel the one finger being twisted opening me up for the second finger. 

My body pushed back against all the hands wanting more. They both moved away and told me to stand up. The waiter laid on the table and told me to climb on top of him. I climbed up on the table and, straddling him, guided his hard cock into my pussy. I started to move up and down working his cock in and out of me when he grabbed me in such a way that I couldn't move anymore. He pulled me forward and I felt my friend come up behind me. I felt as he played with my ass, opening me before pressing his head into the only empty hole left for him. I groaned as he slowly moved it deeper and deeper into me.

I moaned as I began to feel fuller than I've ever felt before. I started to squirm wanting something but not quite sure what. I moaned louder as they both started moving their cocks in and out of me. I begged them to keep fucking me as I felt both holes being stretched. They started to move in and out of me faster and I cried out as my body was hit by the strongest orgasm I've ever had. They continued to stroke in and out causing tremors in my body until I felt them both start to pulse, shooting their cum inside me. 

My friend pulled out first and I could feel my ass start to close. I rolled off the waiter and I could feel his cum start to drip from me. They both got up and each handed me my clothing. When I went to get dressed I saw that there was no underwear and my bra was missing. When I pointed it out they both grinned and said we'd discuss those later. 

I pulled my tank top and skirt back on. The waiter offered to give us a ride home as his shift was over and it was easier than calling a cab. We walked down the back hall and through the kitchen to the back lot where his truck was sitting. I could feel their cum start to leak out of me as we walked. As I stepped up into the truck to sit into the middle I was very aware that they both could see everything. I giggled to myself thinking there was no point being shy now. 

I sat in between them, laid my head back, and, closing my eyes, listened to the radio. They each had a hand roaming over my body as the waiter drove home. I smiled as I wondered how I could get my underwear back.