 Authors note: This is the third in a series of stories about Jen and I. It would help if you read the first two stories, "The Love of my Life" and "Jen Fulfills Scott's Fantasy". It is not necessary, but would help with knowing the characters and some of the previous events leading up to this story. As always, feedback is welcome and encouraged! Enjoy!

It had been a couple of months since Jen had invited Brenda and Lisa into our bed. They had been back several times, and to say the least, I was enjoying the hell out of it. I knew Jen was enjoying it too, exploring her newfound bi-sexuality and all, but I knew she really wanted to have some other men again. We had had James and Brent over a couple of times as well, but I thought it was time to try something different. So I started planning our next sexual adventure. I had really loved watching Jen get fucked by James and Brent, and I knew she had enjoyed it as well. This time I wanted her to have the sexual experience of her life...a gang-bang! 

Jen and I had talked to several single guys on the Internet and had been considering meeting a couple of them for some hot sex. Our buddy list on our Yahoo! messenger was rather extensive. We had both males and females listed. It was here that I began my search. I had decided that I was going to invite 9 men to join us. That way Jen would have 10 hard cocks vying for her attention. I contacted around 20 men on our buddy list hoping I would get some hits. I did. 16 of the guys got back with me. It was a little tough narrowing the field down to 9, but I knew what Jen likes in a man, so it wasn't as hard as it could have been. The hardest part of it all was finding a night that all 9 of them were free so we could set things up. We finally managed to settle on a date, and I began to plan all of the little details. I found a resort not far from where we live that had private bungalows that were well spaced and very luxurious. It was off-season, so the cost was reasonable. I made the reservations and told Jen we were going off for the weekend to have some fun. She asked where we were going, but I wouldn't tell her. She kept after me, but I refused to let out any of the details. But I do believe she had an idea that something was up. Whenever she would ask about it, she would get this wicked little smile on her face, and her eyes would smolder with lust. I loved every minute of it. 

The day finally arrived for us to depart for the resort. I was putting my bag in the car when Jen appeared at the door. She was wearing the sexiest dress I had ever seen. It was an emerald green number that matched her eyes perfectly. The neckline was low and the hem was very high. It showed off her ample cleavage and her sexy legs amazingly well. She was wearing a matching pair of 5" stiletto heels with chrome tips on the heels. She looked like a Hollywood actress or something. It literally took my breath away! She was carrying only a small over night bag. I asked her where the rest of her luggage was, and she just smiled and said, "I figure that I have everything I need right in her, hun." I smiled, kissed her, and said, "Well then, let's head for the mountains!" We got in the car and drove off.

All the way to the resort Jen kept asking me questions about what I had planned for the weekend. I just sat there and smiled, still refusing to answer any of her queries. She even tried to entice me with a blowjob, but it did her no good. It did get a couple of truckers going though, since I passed them while she was sucking my cock. They would honk their airhorns and flash their lights at us, but I kept driving. (Even though the thought of her sucking a couple of truckers in their cabs did excite me!). Just the thought of it finally made me fill her mouth with cum. She drank down every drop, sat up, and looked at me. "Will you fill me in now?" She asked. I just smiled and told her, "NO!"

We arrived at the resort right on schedule. I scanned the parking lot for the autos of the other men I had invited. All of them were there except for one, but he pulled in just as we were walking in the door. Everyone had made it. Fantastic! Jen was in for one hell of a weekend. We checked in and went out to our bungalow to put our things away and check it out. It was a gorgeous little cabin! It had it's own hot tub, a large bed, a huge fireplace (complete with a bear skin rug!), and lots of space. This was even better than I had planned. Jen absolutely loved the cabin. We put our stuff away and headed over to the lounge for a couple of drinks. It was about 7:30. I had told all of the guys to meet us in the lounge at 9pm. I figured Jen and I would have a nice romantic dinner first, then introduce her to the guys and let the fun begin. 

Dinner was fantastic. We talked and laughed like a couple of school kids. A lot of the other patrons of the lounge were looking at us like we were nuts. At least the women were. Most of the men were trying to steal glances at Jen out of the corner of their eyes. She looked incredibly hot. She knew they were looking and once in a while would give them a little extra shot of thigh or cleavage. I thought a couple of them were going to choke on their food. It was kind of funny and extremely erotic. We were both getting turned on by the way she was showing these strangers her body. Around 8:45 I noticed some of the guys starting to wonder into the lounge. They all congregated around a large table in the back, each of them introducing themselves to the others and shaking hands. They kept looking over at us and I knew they were commenting on Jen. I saw several of them point and make comments to the others. Once they were all there, I asked Jen if she was ready for her surprise. Her eyes lit up and she gave me a very enthusiastic "YES!" I paid the check and took Jen by the hand. She started to walk towards the door, but I stopped her. "No, honey, we need to go this way." I said. She looked at me quizzically but followed. I walked straight over to the table where all the guys were sitting. "Hi guys", I said. "I am Scott, as you all know, and this gentlemen, is Jen." They all stood in unison with big smiles on their faces. Jen just sort of stood there for a second. Then she looked at me with an erotic fire in her eyes that I had never seen. "Are all of these men my surprise?" she whispered in my ear. I kissed her on the cheek and nodded my head. She then said, "Hello guys, nice to meet you." Each of the men introduced themselves to her and either kissed her hand or her cheek. Let's see if I can remember all of their names...Greg, Alan, Brad, Steve, Blake, Roger, Mike, James and Brent. (The James and Brent from our earlier adventure). Brad and Steve sat Jen down between them and we ordered a round of drinks. Jen asked each of the guys about themselves. Each of them gave her a brief synopsis of himself. Jen listened to each of their stories and asked a few questions of each. We sat around and talked for a while and had a couple more drinks. I noticed that Brad and Steve was feeling Jen up a bit. She loved every minute of it. I finally stood and announced that I thought we should retire to the cabin and let the festivities begin. All of the guys agreed and stood. Jen took Brad and Steve's arms and we headed for the cabin. 

When we got to the cabin, each of the guys took Jen in their arms and kissed her. Some of them kissed her hard, others softly. All of them felt her up in some way, grabbing her ass or her tits. Steve boldly ran his hand over her panties. Needless to say, his fingers came away wet. Jen was very turned on and very wet. I kissed her last, our kiss lingering for some time. As I broke the kiss, she looked deep into my eyes and said, "I love you, Scott." I just smiled and said, "Ditto." It was time to get down to business. All of us guys sat around the cabin. I turned on some music and Jen started to dance. There were several hoops, hollers and calls for her to "take it off." Jen reached around behind her back and slowly tugged at the zipper on her dress. She pulled the thin straps off of her shoulders, but kept her breasts covered. All of us were pleading for her to take the dress off and show us her luscious body. She finally allowed us to see her breasts. You should have heard the gasps in the room. I noticed that a few of the guys were starting to get hard-ons. Alan had even unzipped his pants and was slowly stroking his cock. Jen let the dress fall to the floor and she was standing in the middle of the room in only a green thong and her high heels. She looked around the room and noticed Alan's cock. She walked over to him and dropped to her knees in front of him. She reached up and unbuckled his belt and undid the button on his jeans and helped him out of them. He raised his ass off of the chair so she could pull off his pants. She then took his cock in her hand and stroked it firmly. "Well go ahead, baby. Suck my cock." He said. She smiled up at him and ran her tongue over the head of his cock. I heard Alan suck in his breath as she did this. When she got to the tip of his cock she inhaled the entire length of his cock and started to bob her head up and down at a steady pace. One of her hands was following her mouth up and down his rigid cock. The other hand was expertly fondling his balls. She really looked hot there on her knees, her ass up in the air as she sucked Alan's cock. All of the other guys began to gather around her, all of them taking off their clothes and starting to stroke their hardening cocks. Jen looked up and saw all of them around her. She moved to the center of the room and asked all of the guys to gather around her in a circle. She knelt in the middle of the circle and slowly looked at each of the hard cocks around her. She was licking her lips and intermittently fingering her dripping pussy. Once she had made her way around the entire circle, she took a cock in each hand and one in her mouth. She sucked and stroked each cock in unison, slowly making her way around to all of us. After she had tasted all of the cocks, she stood and announced, "I really need some cock inside me! Somebody please fuck me!" She didn't need to repeat herself. Three of the guys grabbed her and laid her on the bearskin rug in front of the fire place. All of the rest of us gathered around to watch what was going to take place. Two of the guys knelt on each side of her head, and the third took his place between her spread legs. One of the guys beside her head pulled her mouth onto his cock while the one between her legs started to lick her pussy. Jen reached out with her other hand and started to stroke the others cock. Before long she was switching back and forth between the cocks she had to suck. Then the guy between her legs moved up and rubbed the head of his thick cock through the slick folds of her cunt. He raised each of her legs and handed them to the two guys who were receiving my wife's oral attentions. They each lifted her legs high in the air, giving the guy between her legs easy access to her pussy. He placed his cock at the opening of her pussy and slowly pushed forward, entering her quite easily because of the copious amounts of girl goo my wife was leaking. Jen raised her ass off of the floor to meet his thrusts. He fucked her slow and steady at first, but soon started to slam her hard and deep. As he did this, she started sucking on one of the cocks like a slut possessed. She was soon rewarded with a mouthful of cum. As the guy exploded in her mouth the guy between her legs filled her cunt with a load of ball juice as well. This sent the other guy over the edge and he sprayed his jizz all over her tits and stomach. Jen also had her first orgasm of the night, bucking hard on the cock inside of her. The sounds of her moans filled the cabin. As the first three guys moved away, some of the others moved in. Blake laid down on the floor and pulled Jen on top of him. She impaled herself on his cock and started to rock slowly. Another guy walked up in front of her and guided her mouth over his engorged cock. James then moved in behind her. He spit on the head of his cock to lube it up and guided it between her ass cheeks. "Watch this guys, she loves it in the ass!" He said. All eyes were glued to Jens ass as he slid his cock into her tight hole. The three of them quickly found a rhythm. Two of the other guys moved to Jens side and she started to stroke their cocks. I was loving this! There was my hot wife servicing five cocks at the same time!! Her orgasms were coming fast and furious now, one right after another, and I knew the guys fucking her were not going to be able to hold out much longer. James roared his orgasm first and filled her butt chute with cum. Blake soon followed, filling her pussy with his hot load. Then the one in her mouth let loose as well. The two guys she was jacking off also shot their loads all over her. One aimed at her face, splashing her mug from chin to forehead. The other aimed at her heaving breasts. She scooped the cum from her face with her fingers and licked them off. She did the same with the cum on her tits. This left only Roger and myself. Roger sat down on the couch and I led Jen over to him. He pulled her down onto his lap, his cock easily entering her well fucked pussy. At first I just stood behind her, watching her fuck Roger. I ran my hands from her thighs, over her ass, up her stomach to her tits. She was kissing Roger as I did this. When I took her rigid nipples in between my fingers and pinched them, she broke the kiss with him, turned her head and kissed me hard, shoving her tongue half way down my throat. I could taste the other guys' cum on her lips as she kissed me. She shifted slightly on Rogers lap and offered me her asshole. I rubbed my cock up and down her crack a few times then shoved it deep in her ass with one mighty thrust. She moaned loudly and had another orgasm. By this time the guys that had fucked her first were starting to show signs of life. One of them walked over and offered Jen his cock to suck. She opened her mouth and devoured his cock, taking him all the way down her hungry throat. Roger grabbed her hips and started to thrust into her hard and fast, moaning as he did so. He then exploded deep inside her pussy, filling it with cum again. He moved out from under her and I rolled onto the couch, keeping my cock buried in her ass. I spread her legs wide so another one of the guys could have access to her cunt. One of them quickly moved in and filled her with his cock. The guy she was sucking moved back into position and shoved his cock back down her throat. One of the other guys moved up and poked her cheek with his dick and she started to suck him too. At one point I looked up and she had the heads of both cocks in her mouth! She was totally lost in all of the pleasure she was receiving. Her nipples were as hard as diamonds, her pussy was dripping, and her ass was on fire. She was showing no signs of slowing down. I finally got to the point I couldn't take it anymore and I filled her ass with my cum. One of the guys she was sucking started pumping his thick cum down her throat at about the same time. Even though he had already cum once, he filled her mouth quicker than she could swallow and his cum was leaking from the corners of her mouth and dripping onto her breasts. I reached up and rubbed his cum into her tits and pinched her nipples again. I slid out from under her and another of the guys moved in and took my place, his cock easily entering her well fucked and extremely well lubed asshole. 

After I finished shooting in Jens ass, I sat back on one of the chairs and watched these 9 other men fuck my wife in every way possible. At one point she even had two cocks in her pussy at the same time! I don't think Jen had ever had as many orgasms as she did that night. It seemed like she just had one continuous orgasm. By the time the night was over, (over 3 hours after it began) everyone had fucked her at least three times. She was covered from head to toe with cum. She was totally exhausted. But I could tell she was extremely satisfied and happy. She drifted to sleep on the bearskin rug while the guys all dressed, shook my hand and told me what a hot wife I had, how lucky I was, and then filed out the door. I walked over to Jen, kissed her lightly on the cheek and carried her up to the bedroom. I laid beside her awake for a while, replaying the night in my head. This was one of the most incredible nights of our lives. I turned towards her and just watched her sleep. She had a very contented look on her face as she slept. I kissed her again and drifted off to sleep myself. Jen woke me the next morning with her lips around my cock. She really is one insatiable woman. We spent the morning making love to one another while remembering the night before. She really is the love of my life.

Thanks for reading our story. We hope you enjoyed it. Stay tuned, there will be more of our exploits to come. The next story will be about our first time at a swingers club and the hot couple we met there! As I said at the beginning, feedback is welcome and encouraged! 

The End...for now!