 Jill and Jeff were excited to spend a couple of nights with their friends Jen and Jack at a summer cottage. The four had been friends for years, but rarely managed to find the time to get together as they lived a two hour drive away from one another. This year when grandparents had agreed to take their children for the weekend the couples jumped at the opportunity spend some relaxing time together to celebrate Jen's birthday, which was the following week. After dropping the kids off at their grandparent's house Jill and Jeff they drove a few hours to meet Jen and Jack at the cottage, a small rustic bungalow on a lightly wooded knoll overlooking the ocean.

After arriving in the late afternoon they spent the evening chatting and snacking while relaxing in Adirondack chairs and watching the sunset. Around dusk mosquitoes chased them indoors, where they made a pasta dinner and ate, drank wine and fell into relaxed conversation. After dinner they opened a second bottle of wine and sat in the small rustic living room. Jen and Jack sat on a love seat opposite Jill and Jeff on the sofa and they continued to enjoy each other's company and sip their wine. 

Jen was wearing shorts and a loose fitting halter top and as far as Jeff could tell she was not wearing a bra. He secretly, though he often confided his desires to Jill during their love making, lusted after Jen's small breasts. Jen had her legs stretched out in front of her with her bare feet propped up on the coffee table. As he sipped his wine and caressed Jill's thigh Jeff admired Jen's long legs. He was beginning to feel the effects of the wine and he was letting his mind wander through the many fantasies that he and Jill had shared regarding having sex with Jen and Jack. He could feel is cock swelling and pressing uncomfortably against his shorts. He edged closer to Jill and squeezed her leg in an effort to try and convey to her his thoughts without having to utter a word. Jill grabbed his hand and squeezed it gently as a way of letting him know she understood what he was thinking.

A few minutes later Jen announced she had to pee and got up and headed out the door toward the outhouse that stood across the lawn behind the cottage. Jack, Jeff and Jill watched her as she left admiring her sexy ass that was easily outlined against the thin material of her shorts. When the door closed behind her Jack got up and went into the kitchen to grab another bottle of wine. Jill leaned in toward Jeff and kissed him deeply. She let her hand slide up his inner thigh and her fingers traced the outline of his rigid cock. Jeff shuddered at the touch. Jill then slid her hand up his shorts until her fingers found the throbbing tip of his cock. She lightly swirled her fingers across it, which caused Jeff's heart to pound and sent tingly sensations to run through his entire body. Hearing Jack returning from the kitchen they broke off their kiss. Looking into each other's eyes Jill gave Jeff a knowing smile and turned to allow Jack to fill her glass and deftly slid her hand from Jeff's shorts. A moment later Jen returned and plopped back on the love seat.

The couples returned to sharing stories and laughing. After another hour and a further bottle of wine past Jen announced, "I'm getting sleepy, I think I am ready for bed." 

"Me too", Jack agreed. 

"That sounds like a good idea to me too," Jill said.

At that everyone stirred and began to ready for bed and soon they all gathered at the sink in the kitchen and were all brushing their teeth. Afterwards each couple made their way to their respective bedrooms, which were small adjacent rooms off the living room. Jeff and Jill slipped off their clothes and Jeff hopped onto bed and watched Jill grab one of his shirts from their overnight bag and slip it on. He was disappointed to not be able to see her nakedness, but liked the way her hard nipples pressed against the fabric of the shirt. Jill announced that she had to pee and leaned over and kissed Jeff. For an all too brief moment their tongues swirled around each other's and Jeff reached up and lightly caressed Jill's t-shirt covered breast. Breaking off the kiss Jill turned and padded out the bedroom door on her way toward the outhouse and Jeff spun around and slid under the covers. 

The cool grass felt nice under Jill's feet as she walked to the outhouse. The moon was nearly full and shone brightly, illuminating the trees that surrounded the cottage and the small wooden outhouse. After peeing she walked back toward the cottage. About halfway to the cottage her eye caught some movement and she instinctively focused on it, what she saw stopped her short. Through the large window near the corner of the cottage she could see Jack and Jen standing and kissing passionately. Their naked bodies were beautifully illuminated in the moonlight. Jill could Jack's large hard cock jutting out and pressing against Jen's abdomen. While they kissed Jack was squeezing Jen's ass with one hand while he caressed her right breast with the other. Though drawn to the scene Jill began walking again, wishing not to intrude on their private moment. 

Taking a few stealthy steps toward the side of the cottage Jill kept an eye on Jen and Jack and hoping not to be seen. As she drew near the corner of the cottage Jill saw Jen drop to her knees. Closer now, Jill could see the full length of Jack's cock in the moonlight. It was bobbing in front of Jen while she caressed his muscular legs. Jill was surprised to realize she had stopped walking and was staring at the scene before her. Just then she saw Jen lean forward and lick the tip of Jack's hard cock. And after a few short licks she drew him into her mouth and reached up with her hand and caressed his balls. 

Staring at them Jill could not make her legs move. She felt glued to the spot, desperate to see more. She could almost feel the state of Jack's arousal as she could see perfectly every quiver his body made as Jen sucked and caressed him. Mesmerized by the sight Jill just stood and watched. Suddenly she became aware that her nipples were very hard and sensitive as they pressed against the t-shirt and her cunt was exceptionally wet. Realizing how turned on she was watching her friends in such an intimate act she began to feel guilty and started willing herself to continue on to the cottage, but before she could force her legs to move Jack pulled Jen to her feet and spun her to the bed that was behind him. Jen moved herself to the middle of the bed and spread her long legs revealing her cunt to Jack, and unknowingly to Jill. 

Jill's gaze was focused on the furry blonde tuft of hair and beautiful pink folds between Jen's legs. She could not take her eyes off Jen's most private of areas and found herself leaning forward trying to gain a better view. Jill surprised herself by inhaling sharply when she saw Jen slide her hands down to her cunt and pull her pussy lips open. Then Jill's attention was drawn to Jack's hard cock that bounced as he quickly joined Jen on the bed. He wasted no time and aligning his cock with her cunt he pushed the tip against her. Jen's head flung backward as he rubbed himself against her clit and slick pussy lips. Jill felt herself gasp when she saw Jack suddenly thrust the full length of his hard cock into Jen. She was transfixed watching Jack's muscular ass and swaying balls as he fucked her hard and deep. Given the speed and vigor at which he was pounding into her Jill thought Jack must be ready to explode inside her, but just then he stopped and rolled onto his back and Jen quickly mounted him. Jen's nakedness now completely in view, Jill watch her sexy ass as she rode up and down on Jack. On each up stroke Jill could see Jack's hard wet cock appear before it quickly disappeared again deep inside Jen. 

Jill's knees felt weak and her heart was racing. Her body tingled with sexual desire. Determined to get inside and shove Jeff's cock in her she pried herself from the spot and creeped slowly toward the side door of the cottage. Once out of line of sight she began walking briskly toward the cottage door. She was startled to feel how wet her cunt had become. After quietly opening the door she made her way into the cottage and toward her and Jeff's bedroom. On her way past Jen and Jack's room she could hear the bed squeaking and Jen moaning.

When she entered the bedroom Jill found Jeff lying on the bed stroking his hard cock and listening to the sensual sounds coming from just a few feet on the other side of the wall at his head. Jill pulled the shirt off her and climbed on top of Jeff. Grabbing his cock she pulled the tip of him across her very wet pussy and then slid it against her throbbing clit. For several seconds she rubbed her clit, enjoying the pulses of electricity that shot through her each time the wet slippery tip of Jeff's cock slid past her sensitive nub. Then she pulled his cock to her opening and slid it inside her. Jeff thrust into her as deeply as he could, enjoying the amazing feeling of Jill's soft and very wet cunt enveloping him. As he continued to fuck her deeply Jeff watched Jill's sexy breasts sway and jiggle as she rode him. Having lost awareness of the goings on in the next room, Jeff was surprised when the sounds of Jen climaxing worked their way into his consciousness. 

Suddenly focusing on the sounds from the next room he could hear muffled screams and the bed squeaking more loudly and at a higher frequency than before. The sounds of Jen's orgasm, and imagining Jen's cunt convulsing around Jack's cock, sent him over then edge and began squirting cum deep inside Jill's cunt. Jill, who was also taken to new levels of arousal at hearing Jen orgasm and feeling Jeff's cum flood her cunt, was grabbing her breasts and writhing around Jeff's cock. As the sounds of Jen's orgasm subsided they could hear the bed next door squeaking even louder and faster as Jack raced toward his own orgasm. 

Feeling like she was about to explode, Jill pulled herself off Jeff and slide to the head of the bed and straddling Jeff's face she lowered her cum soaked cunt to Jeff's mouth. Bracing herself with both hands against the wall, she ground her clit against his tongue. Jeff reached up and grabbed her breasts and pinched her nipples as he lapped eagerly at her sloppy cunt and clit. Jill could hear the bed next door squeaking even more violently and she imagined Jack's cock thrusting in and out of her own cunt while Jeff licked her clit. She could feel her orgasm building. She tried to picture the scene next door, Jack pounding his hard cock into Jen's slippery cunt. Jill wished she could see it, feel it. 

Then she heard a low groan and the squeaking bed next door slowed and became less regular and she knew Jack was squirting his cum deep inside Jen. The image pushed her over the edge and her own orgasm shot through her in waves as Jeff desperately tried to continue licking her clit as she thrashed on top of him. Jeff continued to gently lick Jill's now very sensitive clit as her orgasm subsided, each lick sending another bolt of electricity through her body. Jill slid down next to Jeff and held him close and kissed him, tasting the mixture of their cum as her tongue gently probed his mouth. Jeff pulled the covers over them and enjoyed the feeling of Jill's sweaty skin against him. And hearing no further noises from next door and their lust fully sated they quickly fell fast asleep in each other's arms.

Jeff woke in the morning with a very stiff cock having been dreaming of watching Jen and Jack fuck and then of sliding his cock into Jen's very wet cum-filled cunt afterward. He turned over and nuzzled against Jill who stirred and pressed her body against his. She could feel his hard cock against her bottom, his hand cupped her breast, and his warm breath on the back of her neck. It felt wonderful. "Last night was incredibly hot," Jeff whispered. "Ummm, yes," Jill replied. Jill could feel slippery cum on her skin as the tip of Jeff's oozing cock rubbed against her. She began replaying the previous evening in her head. 

"It was amazing to hear Jen and Jack last night," Jeff offered. 

"I could see them through their window when I came back from the bathroom last night," Jill responded. 

"Wow! Really? What did you see?" 

Jill began recounting what she had witnessed. As she did Jeff entered her and began slowly fucking her, picking up the pace as his arousal heightened. When she finished relating all the details of what she had seen she turned over to face Jeff and kissed him. His hard slippery cock now outside her, Jeff desperately tried to reenter her while he squeezed her soft breasts and returned her kiss. 

But before he could get back inside her she pulled away and said, "I'll be right back, I have to pee."

Jeff moaned as she grabbed his cock and squeezed it while hopping out of bed. Throwing on some sweatpants and a tee shirt Jill slipped out the door. Jeff slowly stroked his cock eagerly awaiting her return as he pictured the scene Jill had described to him. After a couple of minutes he heard the outside door open and close and expected Jill to enter the room at any moment, but then he heard voices and realized someone else was up. He listened intently and heard Jen and Jill chatting from what seemed like the direction of the kitchen. He wondered what they were talking about and began to fantasize about making love to both of them, but then quickly began to worry that Jill might not be able to return. Stroking his cock for a few more minutes he waited, but then he heard Jack's voice as well and realized everyone was awake and the chances of Jill returning to satisfy his aching desire were not very good. Jeff considered masturbating to completion, but after a few long stokes he decided he should get dressed and join the others. He put on some pants and a shirt, but had to wait a few more minutes for his stiff cock to shrink enough so as not to be obvious. 

Entering the kitchen Jeff found Jen and Jill sitting at the small table and Jack beginning to make breakfast, all conversing happily. Jeff greeted them and kissed Jill on the top of her head and began helping Jack make breakfast. After breakfast the couples spent a lazy day together. They went for a hike along the shore after breakfast. Following a picnic lunch they fought off the afternoon heat by swimming and lounging at the small beach near the cottage. Later for dinner they decided to go to a restaurant that Jen and Jack knew of nearby. Everyone showered the salt off their bodies in the outdoor shower and went to their respective bedrooms to dress for dinner. Jeff watched Jill intently as she pulled off her wet bathing suit, revealing her sexy body. Her nipples were very rigid from the cool shower and her wet skin was covered in goosebumps. After drying off with a towel she slipped on a sun dress and a pair of short-healed sandals. Jeff was awash with excitement realizing that Jill intended to go to dinner wearing no underwear. He could easily see her hard nipples pressing against the fabric of her dress and was thrilled he would get to steal looks at them over dinner. Emerging from their room they found Jen and Jack ready and waiting in the living room. Jen wore a skirt and blouse with sandals and Jeff couldn't help but wonder if she wore any underwear. He could not see any bra lines and assumed she must be braless, but was she wearing any panties he wondered. They proceeded to the car for the short ride to the restaurant.

The couples sat at a table in the corner of the restaurant and everyone enjoyed a glass of wine and the conversation before their dinner arrived. Sitting opposite Jeff and Jill, Jen and Jack could not help but notice Jill's nipples. They were clearly very hard and pressing against the fabric of her sundress in the cool air of the air conditioned restaurant. 

After dinner the two couples continued to talk about their kids, politics, sports, and shared many funny stories. Eventually the conversation turned to the challenge of finding intimate couple time in the face of their chaotic lives. Jen shared that they scheduled at least two intimate dates a week as a means of ensuring they made time for each other. 

She said, "we just put it on the calendar as a way of making sure we find time for it." 

Jill and Jeff simultaneously said, "we do that too!" Jill continued, "we typically make time a couple of mornings a week after we get the kids off to school." 

"We usually schedule ours in the mornings as well," Jack chimed in, "though it is hit or miss with our work schedules and sometimes we can only spare a half hour or so." 

Jeff asked, "Do you find it difficult to get into the swing of it with your work schedules bearing down on you?" 

"Sometimes," Jen responded. "We often don't get much time for foreplay. And I sometimes start off not feeling particularly turned on, but I find that if I take a few minutes to put on something sexy, perhaps some lacey underwear or a short skirt and heels, I am soaking wet and ready to go in a flash," Jen continued. 

Jeff felt dizzy suddenly thinking about Jen's wet cunt and he and Jill subtly pressed their thighs against one another. 

"Sometimes if we have time we watch some sexy videos together and that gets us both in the mood pretty fast too," Jack revealed. 

"We occasionally discuss some fantasies and that really gets us going," Jeff added, though not letting on that the fantasy they most often shared was fucking Jen and Jack. 

Jen asked Jill, "Do you dress up for Jeff?" 

"Sometimes, he likes it when I come to bed in just a pair of heels or maybe a see-through dress," Jill responded. 

Jeff nodded enthusiastically, while Jack adjusted in his position clearly making room for his hardening cock. The temperature in the room seemed to be rising as they began to openly discuss their sex lives. Jill could see Jeff's hard cock straining against the fabric of his pants and as she adjusted herself on her chair she could feel the wetness starting to envelop her cunt. At that moment the waiter delivered the check and their conversation interrupted, they paid and made their way back to the car. 

Arriving back at the cottage Jack opened a bottle of wine and everyone settled into the living room just as they had the night before. 

Jen suggested, "How about we play a game?"

Jill responded, "Sure, like what?" 

"How about truth or dare?" 

A bit nervously, all agreed. It was Jen's birthday after all. 

Jeff queried, "How do you want to play?" 

"Well we will go around clockwise and each one of us takes a turn and asks any other of us if they want a truth or dare, then that person has to either perform the dare or answer the question truthfully," Jen responded. " Each person can have one "free pass" if they feel they cannot answer or perform the dare," she continued. 

Jeff asked, "Ok, who starts?" 

"I'll start," Jen responded. 

She was sitting on the love seat to Jack's right with both her legs tucked under her, which was causing her skirt to ride up exposing much of her delicious legs. 

"Jeff, truth or dare?" 

"Oh, let's start with truth," Jeff responded.

"How often do you and Jill make love?" 

"Oh on average, we probably make love three or four times a week. The variance can be high though, some weeks we struggle to find the time and others we might manage to make love nearly every day." 

Jack asked, "Jill, truth or dare?"

"Truth." 

"Have you ever made love to a women?"

"No."

Somewhat disappointed by the terse response Jack continued, "Have you ever thought about it?"

"Sure, sometimes Jeff and I fantasize together about being with another women", Jill replied and then followed with "Jen, truth or dare?" 

"Dare!" 

After a brief pause as everyone's anticipation of the first dare grew, Jill blurted out, "Show us your underwear."
