 Jen woke feeling a bit hungover following the several glasses of wine she had at the party the day before. She could feel Jack's breath on her neck and soon her skin tingled as he gently kissed the back of her neck.

Jen moaned, pushed back toward Jack and asked, "what time is it?"

"8 o'clock."

"The girls have basketball at 9", Jen reminded.

"I'll take them", Jack responded as he snuggled up close behind her. "Where's the game?"

"At the junior high."

As his body spooned her she felt his hard cock sliding against her ass. She began to tingle with excitement as he reached around and began caressing her nipples through the thin fabric of her chemise and continued to kiss the back of her neck.

After a few minutes of this their desire intensified and both were breathing heavily and pressing their bodies against each other. Jack then suddenly flipped Jen onto her stomach and slid on top of her. Encouraging him, Jen wiggled her sexy ass against Jack's cock and he quickly rubbed the head of his penis against her pussy before pushing it inside her.

"You are so fucking sexy!" Jack exclaimed as he felt Jen's wetness envelop him.

He fucked her hard and as deeply as could as he reached around and squeezed her small sensitive breasts.

Jen realized Jack was entirely focused on his own pleasure and she encouraged him, "Fill me with your cum!"

Jack's pace quickened and he fucked her with long deliberate strokes and within a few minutes he moaned, "I'm cumming!"

Jen could feel his hot cum filling her as he convulsed on top of him.

When Jack caught his breath he kissed her repeatedly on the back of her neck and the said, "I love you!" as he rolled off her.

"I love you too!"

Jack then swung his legs off the bed and made his way to his chest of drawers and began dressing. Before departing to take their daughters to basketball he returned to the bed and kissed Jen passionately.

"We'll be home about 11."

"Sounds good."

As Jen rolled onto her back and pulled the covers over her she could hear Jack encouraging the girls to get ready. A few minute later she heard their voices trail off as they marched down stairs for a quick breakfast before heading off to their basketball game.

As she lay there in the blissful quiet she began to focus on the tingling in her clit. She let her hands travel down her belly and along her inner thighs. As she slowly caressed herself she recalled the party the day before and how aroused she had become seeing and being near Jeff and Jill. It had been months since their amazing weekend together at the cottage and she longed to make love to them again.

She moved her left hand to her right breast and began caressing it as she let fingers of her right hand slide to her pussy and began lightly tracing the outer lips. And then she touched the bottom of her cunt and felt Jack's cum oozing from her. Gathering the slippery juices on her fingers she then began spreading it across her cunt.

She rarely had time to herself like this and she was enjoying slowly heightening her arousal. As she squeezed the small amount of soft flesh of her little breast and pinched her very erect and sensitive nipple she realized that the fog of her modest hangover from the wine at the party had been cleared by the sexual energy now pulsing through her.

Jen recalled how excited she had been to see Jeff and Jill at the party. It was so nice to see them. It had been six months since she and Jack had had that absolutely amazing sensual encounter with them at the cottage. Jen had felt a sense of relief that there had been no awkwardness and they had all fallenl right back into their relaxed and intimate friendship. To her it seemed the events at the cottage had made the two couples even closer. They had after all shared an immensely sensual experience together.

Jen began thinking of the events of that weekend. Her mind flashed to the white hot visual of Jill entering the room with her breasts covered in Jack's cum and she slid her fingers to her clit and began smearing Jack's cum on it. Slowly she rubbed her now very slippery and aroused clit.

Then the recollection of her licking Jeff and Jill as they fucked each other flashed in her head. What an amazingly intimate an act it had been she thought. She recalled how beautiful it was to watch, feel and taste them as they fucked. It occurred to her that she had never been more turned on in her entire life as she had been at that moment when she pulled Jeff's orgasming cock from Jill's pussy and taken it into her mouth.

All of these thoughts and her fingers swirling around her clit brought her current arousal to new heights and she began to devise scenarios where the couples might find a way to make love to each other again. Their lives were so busy with families and work that the two hour drive that they lived apart was proving to be a significant obstacle. As her images of the four of them together swirled through her head Jen promised herself she would find a way to make this happen. It was too beautiful a thing not to pursue further.

Jen's arousal had become desperate and she threw off the covers and reached for the bottom drawer of her bedside table. After blindly rummaging around for a bit she finally laid her hands on the object she was after and she pulled her large dildo from the drawer. Settling back onto the bed she took the veined soft rubber penis into her mouth and gently sucked on it, while using her other hand to once again rub her clit. She could feel the dildo warming in her mouth and her mind once again flashed back to the moment when she had pulled Jeff's orgasming cock into her mouth.

She had to find a way to make that happen again.

Jen then moved the dildo down to her vagina and began rubbing it up and down her slippery slit. Once the tip of the dildo was covered in both her and Jack's juices she slid the bulbous head into her cunt all the while rubbing her clit.

She continued to replay the events of their weekend together in her head as she brought herself to new heights of arousal. She recalled Jeff fucking her from behind as she licked Jack's cum from Jill's breasts and she thrusted the large dildo in and out of her sloppy cunt. She quickly felt herself racing toward orgasm as her fingers vigorously rubbed her clit and the dildo penetrated her deeply. And then the waves of her climax overtook her and she began convulsing in orgasm.

After partly catching her breath her frustration began to grow. She had to find a way for her and Jack to be with Jill and Jeff again. She quickly decided to act and reached to her phone on the bedside table and pulled it from the charging cord and began crafting a text to Jill.

"It was sooo nice to see you both yesterday! We have to find some time to get together soon!!"

And she hit 'send'.

It was a relief just to have done something. But almost immediately she started to wonder if she had been explicit enough, or had to been too forward. But she finally decided it was just the right message.

As she relaxed back on her pillow she began to think again of that weekend at the cottage. What an incredible experience it had been. Both she and Jack's sexual desires had been amplified ever since. Not that their sex lives were limited prior to the weekend with Jill and Jeff, but their sexual relations since then had been electric and occurred much more frequently than had been typical before.

Jen remembered how incredible it had felt to wake up with Jill cuddling her from behind. She recalled how Jill's soft breasts had rubbed against her back. And then she recollected how desperate she was to have Jill lick her pussy and then how amazing it was when it actually happened. Jen's clit began to tingle and ache once again and she gently began rubbing her pussy again. She was surprised at how quickly her arousal was returning and after a few minutes she began letting her fingers lightly slide over her still sensitive clit.

Recalling again the sexual excitement of having Jill between her legs licking her cunt vigorously, Jen reached down and took hold of the dildo that had slid from her wet cunt earlier and was lying on the bed sheet. Spreading her pussy lips apart with on hand she pushed the bulbous head up and down her slick opening. Eventually she worked the head inside and fucked herself again and let her fingers return to her clit. Her arousal built very quickly and she was soon overtaken by a second orgasm.

Still panting and catching her breath, with her legs splayed and the dildo still lodged deeply inside her, she was jolted by the sound of her phone dinging. She quickly reached for her phone and drew it close and saw a text message had arrived. She pushed the text icon and a text message from Jill was revealed.

"Yes! Yes! It was so nice to see you guys!! We'd love to get together sometime. Jeff and I discussed that in detail last night when we got home!" 

Jen drank the words in and then reread it over again and focused intently on the "in detail" comment. Her head spun with the implication. What had they talked about she wondered.

Jen put her phone back on the nightstand, stood, and made her way to the bathroom. After relieving her bladder she thought about taking a shower, but was drawn back to the words Jill had texted. She went back to her nightstand and pick up the phone. She felt weak in the knees as she read it again a couple of times. She then found her calendar app with a few quick swishes of her fingers and rapidly scanned through looking for a potential weekend to arrange a get together. She became frustrated when she realized that their weekends were completely full of various commitments out several weeks. Finally she arrived at a weekend, April 17th and 18th, with comparatively few obligations. Jen's heart was beating hard in her chest and she moved back to the text icon and began writing a text back to Jill.

"The weekend of April 17-18 is pretty open for us. Does that work for you? Maybe we could meet somewhere in the middle?"

She pressed send and placed the phone back on the nightstand. Standing there watching the phone intently for a few seconds in the hopes of a quick response she realized she was trembling with excitement. Despite, or maybe as a result of her two earlier orgasms, her clit was throbbing and ached for more attention. She considered whether she could cum again. Glancing down at the clock on the nightstand she saw that it was only 9:30 am and she had at least 90 minutes before Jack and the girls returned.

It took only a fraction of a second for her to decide and she pulled her chemise over her head. As she moved toward her closet she threw the chemise in the laundry basket against the wall. When she reached the closet she opened the door and scanned the shoe rack that hung on the back of the door. Grabbing a pair of red strappy heels she turned back and walked briskly back to the bed. She sat on the edge of the bed and slid on the heels running her fingers up her long legs after. They looked good she thought. She felt very sexy. Tingles of electricity shot through her aroused body as she lightly caressed her legs and she spun onto the bed.

Lying on top of the covers with her head propped up on her pillow she spread her legs and resumed caressing her body. She enjoyed being exposed and thought Jeff and Jill would be very excited to find her this way. She imagined how they might react if they were to come in the room and find her lying naked in her sexy heels with her legs spread and pussy exposed. Jen began caressing her inner thighs with one hand while she right breast with the other. Once again images of the weekend in the cottage with Jeff and Jill flashed through her head.

She began to plot the next get together. They would rent a hotel room for the weekend someplace about half way between she thought. One room with a king bed that all four of them would share would be ideal. Her mind raced at the erotic possibilities as her fingers messaged her clit and her hand pawed at her breast. She felt very exposed and sexy lying naked on the bed save her red heels that dug into the bed as she continued to think of a variety of sexual acts the four of them would indulge in.

She imagined being fucked by Jack and Jeff and eating Jill's pussy at the same time and it nearly drove her to orgasm. Then she pictured having both men cum in her mouth and all over her face and breasts one after the other. And that brought her even closer. The next image that flashed to mind was Jill passionately kissing her cum filled mouth after the men had finished. When she next imagined Jill sliding between her legs rubbing her wet cunt against hers she felt herself crest over the edge of a gigantic orgasm. Vigorously rubbing her clit and pinching her nipple she writhed on the bed as her climax washed over her in waves.

After several minutes Jen caught her breath and looked down at her nakedness. She could hardly believe she had just made herself cum three times in a row. She had not done that in years, probably since she was in college when she had first mastered the art of masturbation. Just then her phone dinged again and she snatched it up from the nightstand and pressed the text icon.

Jill's text read, "We have an event the evening of the 17th, but we can likely meet up on the 18th. What did you have in mind?"

Jen quickly responded, "How about we meet for dinner on Saturday the 18th someplace in the middle? If your parents can watch the kiddos maybe we can make a night of it and go for a hike or something Sunday am."

A few seconds later, "That sounds fun. Let me check with Jeff and my parents and I'll get back to you." appeared on the screen.

"ok" Jen texted back.

Jen's mind immediately began planning. She jumped up and kicked off her heels and returned them to the rack. She retrieved her dildo from the bed and headed to the shower. After a nice long relaxing shower she returned the now clean dildo to the drawer and went down stairs and poured herself a cup of tea, toasted a bagel and settled in front of her laptop to search for a suitable rendezvous spot. After several minutes of effort she saw a state park that was roughly equidistant between their house and Jill and Jeff's.

She did a quick Google search about hiking opportunities at the park and a trail map and several blog entries describing the various popular trials came up. "Perfect" she thought. This would at least allow them to embrace the premise that they were meeting to do some hiking. She then searched for a place nearby where they could stay and quickly found a number of hotels and inns just off the highway in the town adjacent to the state park. She also managed to find a few restaurants in that same area that could work for dinner. She had a plan. As soon as she got the go ahead from Jill she would book the hotel.

Later that evening she got the go ahead text from Jill and after getting the girls to bed she settled in to her bed with her laptop and booked a room. At the last minute she decided the one king bed option was too forward and she booked a room with two queen beds.

The next few weeks were fraught with sexual tension. Jack and Jen fucked often and she found herself masturbating at every opportunity. When the week of the rendezvous finally arrived she decided she was going to tease Jack all week and not let him cum in order to push his desires to the limit. Every night that week she would arouse him by wearing seductive lingerie to bed and would kiss and caress him. After describing all the wonderful things he was going to get to do with her and Jill she would take his hard cock into her mouth and gently suck on him and touch his muscular legs, but never bring him to orgasm. By Saturday morning Jack was absolutely desperate with desire.

Jen teased Jack nearly the entire ride to meet Jill and Jeff, at one point unzipping his pants and pulling his hard cock out as he drove. She let the tip of her finger trace circles around he very sensitive tip of his cock while she described a number of sexual acts he might very well be able to partake in that evening with Jill.

After pulling into the parking spot at the Italian restaurant where they had agreed to meet, Jen kissed Jack passionately and then gave him a few seconds to stuff his very rigid cock back into his pants before they headed in to the restaurant.

Jeff and Jill had arrived just ahead of them and waved to them from the corner table when they entered. After a round of hugs and handshakes they sat down and enjoyed each other's company. The conversation was comfortable, but everyone could feel the tension. Jack was a little quieter than usual Jeff thought, but Jen was energetically driving much of the conversation.

Jack found he was at times struggling to focus on the conversation as he kept stealing glimpses of the teardrop shaped orbs of Jill's breasts pressing against her sweater. Given the beautiful natural shape he was guessing she was not wearing a bra. He was dizzy with excitement as his mind ran through many of the scenarios Jen had teased him.

The subject of sex did not come up until they were waiting for the check after Jeff asked, "so have you seen much of Stacey and John lately?"

"No, not really. Other than the party last month we had them over for dinner once for dinner not long after the baby was born", Jen responded.

"Their baby is sooo cute", Jill offered. "They seem to have adjusted well to parenthood."

"Yes, I think they are doing great! They are very easy going."

"I walked in on Stacey while she was breastfeeding at the party and got caught looking a bit too long and she was very relaxed about it", Jeff observed.

"Yeah she is pretty chill about things", Jen replied.

Jack jumped in "How much did you see?"

"A lot. Or maybe I should say there was a lot to see. Her breasts are enormous! I was on my way to the bathroom when I walked in on her and had to wait for my erection to relax before I could pee."

"Yes, she is a hottie! Jack and I always have a really hot shag after we've been out with them", Jen offered.

"After Jeff told me about the breastfeeding encounter when we got home we tore each other's clothes off and had a good romp!", Jill chimed in.

Just then the waitress arrived with the check. After paying the bill the four of them rose and made their way toward the door. Jack and Jeff followed the two ladies and both found themselves watching Jen and Jill's sexy bottoms as they walked and chatted ahead of him. Jen was wearing a dark blue dress that came to just below her knees and a pair of short sling back heels that nicely exposed her heels and ankles. Jill wore a long black skirt and a white sweater. Jill's skirt was more tightly fitted than Jen's dress and clung to her sexy ass and legs that were accentuated by a pair black pumps. Jeff knew and Jack suspected she was not wearing any underwear.

In the parking lot Jen pointed out that the hotel was just down the road. The four of them eagerly jumped into their cars and made their way to the hotel. The four checked in and made their way to the room with their overnight bags. Once in the room Jen, Jill and Jeff sat on one of the beds while Jack liberated a bottle of wine and some cups from a bag. Jill noticed the bulge in Jack's pants and realized he was aroused and it made her squirm a bit. After opening and dispensing the wine Jack sat on the foot of the second bed.

After a slightly awkward moment of silence as they began sipping their wine Jack picked up the television guide on the desk and said, "they have pay per view. Does anyone want to watch a naughty movie?"

"We can probably do better than anything we will find there", Jen responded.
