 Jeff woke in the dark with an urgent need to pee. He was on his side and his cock was very hard and pressed against Jen's soft bottom. He could feel Stacey's bottom pressed against his own. Glancing over Jen he spied the alarm clock on the bedside table which showed it was 2:30. He could not believe how hard his cock was after what had transpired several hours ago. Briefly he thought about sliding his cock into Jen, but he had to pee so badly he decided that he just had to relieve himself.

Jeff carefully extracted himself from the bed, which was not easy since he was wedged between Jen and Stacey. Once on his feet he started for the bathroom door, but then he thought he heard a noise from the room next door. Reversing direction he instead moved toward the opposite wall and putting his hand on it he brought his ear close and listened intently.

The sound he had faintly heard was louder now and he was sure what it was. The noise was the distinct rhythmic groaning of mattress and bedframe that indicated that Jack and/or John were fucking his wife Jill in the next room. Jeff's hard on twitched as he leaned in closer to try and hear more, but he could still only make out the sound of the bed. He decided to go out to the living room and see if he could hear more or even see what was happening at the bedroom door.

Jeff quietly opened the door and walked out into the living room, turned and made his way to the door of the next door bedroom. He was disappointed to see it closed, but he moved up to it and placed his ear against it. He could hear the bed moving in the rhythm to their fucking a little more clearly. Straining to hear more he lingered despite his full bladder. Finally he was sure he heard a muffled moan that he was sure came from his sexy wife, Jill. He was desperate to hear more. He wanted to see her. He wanted to know what she was doing. He wanted to touch her and kiss her. He decided he would relieve himself and then come back and open the door a crack and peek in.

Jeff quickly made his way to the bathroom off the living room. His cock was so hard he was not sure how he was going to be able to pee. He paused for several seconds standing over the toilet in the hope that his erection would relax, but it did not. Jeff bent forward and rested his forearm on the toilet tank while he pointed is very rigid cock toward the bowl. After several long seconds the urine finally began to flow and he was able to empty his bladder.

Standing upright again he moved to the sink and washed his hands and his very rigid cock which was hovering over the edge of the sink basin. He was excited to go and look at what Jill was doing and opened the door to exit. As he walked into the living room he was surprised when he came upon Jill who had just exited the bedroom.

Light from the street lights streaming in through the large picture window at the other end of the living room illuminated her. She still wore her pretty sundress, but the thin straps were pulled down her arms and the front was pulled down exposing both of her breasts. Her sexy nipples were hard in the cool night air and pointed straight out.

"Hi Babe," he whispered excitedly as he moved toward her.

"Hi Sweetie."

As he closed the gap between them he noticed that she had streaks of cum on her chin and cheek. Looking down he immediately noticed a lot more cum covering her bare breasts. Long shiny white streaks of cum covered both breasts and upper chest and neck. Reaching her he kissed her passionately and as his tongue probed her mouth he tasted the salty taste of cum in her mouth.

Breaking off the kiss he exclaimed in a whisper "I love you!"

"I love you too! What are you up to?"

"I had to pee, but I heard you fucking so I came out here to listen at the door. I was hoping to get a chance to watch you after I pee'd."

They kissed again passionately and Jill grabbed hold of his hard cock and stroked it lightly.

After probing his mouth with her cum coated tongue several times Jill said "I was just coming to bathroom to clean myself up."

"You look so fucking hot! Can I clean you up?"

"If you like."

Jeff leaned in and licked the cum from her chin and then kissed her enthusiastically. He then licked the cum from her cheek and moved down to the long streaks of cum on her neck before returning to probing her mouth with his tongue. Lowering his head again he commenced licking every drop of cum from her beautiful tits. After he was sure he had gotten it all he sucked gently on each of her nipples before returning to her mouth.

After several seconds of sliding their cum covered tongues past each other Jeff said, "You taste really hot. Who's cum is all over you?"

Jill released his cock and grabbed his hand and pulled it under her dress to her cunt, "There is even more down here!"

Jeff moaned as his fingers found her pussy lips covered in slippery cum.

"Oh my god! Please tell me how you got this way?" he moaned.

"I woke up and had to pee. So I slid to the end of the bed and realized I was still wearing my heels. I did not want to wake anyone so I slipped them off and made my way to the bathroom. When I came back I slipped back into bed between John and Jack. At first I thought I had managed to slide back into bed without waking them, but a couple of seconds later I felt Jack's hand caressing my ass under my dress. His caresses were very slow and sleepy at first, but soon he was clearly very awake as he hungrily pawed at my naked ass. A few seconds later I felt his hard hot cock sliding against my ass and he started kissing the back of my neck. His hot breath and stubble sent chills down my spine and I could feel my cunt getting slippery for him. I wiggled my bottom against him and he responded by grabbing his cock and shoving it into my cunt. He fucked my cunt slowly at first, but gradually increased the pace. Eventually this must have woken John because he reached out and pulled my dress straps down and tugged down my dress revealing my breasts."

Jill began caressing Jeff's cock again and she found the tip to be wet with his precum, so she used her finger to trace little circles across the sensitive head. Jeff moaned and Jill leaned in and probed his mouth with her tongue. Jeff was having trouble standing his level of arousal was so high. His fingers were slick with cum as he slid them up and down Jill's pussy. He gathered the juices dripping from her cunt in his hand and brought them up to her left breast and smeared the cum all over her nipple and then lowered his mouth to it and licked and sucked it from her.

Jill grabbed the base of Jeff's cock and applying significant pressure to the underside with her index finger she drew her hand up to the tip in an effort to coax more precum from him.

Panting with excitement Jeff exclaimed, "Please, tell me more!"

"For several minutes John played with my breasts while he stroked his cock. There was just enough light coming in from the street for me to see John's hand wrapped around his big cock head. Then Jack reached around and massaged my clit while he fucked me. It felt sooo good! I reached out and touched the slippery head of John's cock each time it poked out from his fist. He really seemed to like that because he moaned and kept thrusting his hard cock tip toward my hand. Then John suddenly released his cock and my tit and hopped up onto his knees and thrust his hard cock toward my mouth. At first I teased him with the tip of my tongue, but he grabbed my head and pushed it into my mouth. For several minutes they both fucked me. I really enjoyed having a cock in my cunt and mouth at the same time. At first I thought I might orgasm, those two cocks felt so good with Jack was rubbing my clit, but Jack lost the rhythm on my clit as he became very focused on his own pleasure. A minute or two later he grabbed hold of my breasts and grunted as he sprayed his cum inside me. I could feel it filling me as he spasmed. And then a few seconds later John pulled his cock from my mouth and after stroking it a few times hot streams of cum shot into my mouth and onto my face and breasts."

"Oh my god, that is so hot!" Jeff exclaimed as he slid his fingers inside her slippery cunt.

"Would you like to fuck me?" Jill asked as she breathed in and threw her head back.

"Yes!" Jeff replied as he once again moved his wet slippery fingers to Jill's nipples.

Jill released Jeff's cock and grabbing his hand she led them to their bedroom, which remained empty. Neither of them bothered to close the door and Jill sat on the edge of the bed and then slide her back side toward the middle and spread her legs. Enough light penetrated the room from the living room to illuminate her wonderfully for Jeff. He could easily make out her long sensuous legs and hairy cunt as she pulled her dress up to her waist.

Jeff slid onto the bed between her legs and lowered his mouth to her cunt. Jill was very wet and he savored the salty taste of cum leaking from her sexy cunt. Jill moaned deeply and grabbed hold of the back of Jeff's head with both hands and pulled him into her. Jeff ran his tongue up and down her slippery pussy several times before concentrating on her clit. Jill responded by trusting her hips and releasing her right hand from the back of Jeff's head she grabbed her left breast and squeezed it.

The tip of Jeff's cock was rubbing against the satin comforter cover as he thrust his hips in rhythm with his tongue licking at Jill's clit. Jill slid her right foot in in search of Jeff's cock and after a couple of seconds found his cock with her toes. She slid her sexy foot up and down the length of him and then ran her big toe over the slippery tip of his cock causing him to moan as he thrust against her. Then she found Jeff''s balls with her toes and caressed them.

Unable to wait a second longer Jeff pounced up on top of Jill and thrust his cock toward her pussy. The first thrust missed high and the head of his cock slid past Jill's clit causing her to inhale sharply with pleasure. The second thrust pushed easily passed Jill's slick pussy lips and he penetrated her with the full length of his cock.

Jill's cunt was so wet and slippery it felt amazing as it enveloped Jeff's cock on each thrust. He fucked her hard and kissed her passionately. He could feel Jack's cum leaking out of Jill and coating his balls as they slapped against her. Then Jeff suddenly pulled out of her, but keeping his rhythm he now thrust his slippery cock past Jill's clit several times before plunging back inside her. After several more thrusts he pulled out once again, but this time he reached down and grabbed hold of his cock and pressed the very slick tip against her clit and fucked it. He gradually increased the pressure as his cock head slipped across her swollen nub again and again.

Jill first became very still as she lay there with her hips thrust forward concentrating on the slippery cock sliding against her clit. Soon however she began to gyrate her hips and thrash about on the bed while she used both hands to squeeze her tits. Sensing she was close Jeff increased the pressure with which his cock was pressing against her with each stroke.

Suddenly Jill howled, "Fuck, fuck, fuck--------------I'm cumming!"

She arched her back and her head thrashed back and forth as her body convulsed in orgasm. Jeff desperately tried to keep his cock in contact with her clit as he continued to thrust against her. Eventually Jill relaxed her back and settled back to the comforter, but her body still spasmed as Jeff's cock pushed against her.

Satisfied that he had pushed Jill to an exquisite orgasm Jeff decided to concentrate on his own pleasure and pushed his cock down to Jill's wet opening and easily penetrated her again. He fucked her hard and deep as the convulsions of her orgasm continued to ripple through her.

"Fill me with your cum!" Jill exclaimed breathlessly. "Make me pregnant. Make my tits swell with milk like Stacey's!"

This caused Jeff to rocket to his orgasm and within seconds he was spraying his cum deep inside his beautiful wife. As he continued to squirt inside her he leaned down and sucked hard on Jill's right nipple. Jeff collapsed on top of her completely spent as he tried to regain his breath. A minute or so later he rolled off her and they drew each other tight in an embrace.

"You are sooo fucking sexy," he whispered in her ear.

They kissed gently and passionately, but they were now feeling sleepy as their bodies cooled down.

"Should we sleep here? Or go back to our assigned rooms?" Jill asked softly.

"It would be nice to sleep together," Jeff answered. "John and Jack might miss you though."

"I think they are pretty much spent," Jill replied.

"I bet they will be rejuvenated in the morning. Would you like to wake up to two hard cocks in the morning?" Jeff continued.

"That would be exciting, but I'd like to sleep with you. But are you sure you don't want to sleep with Jen and Stacey? I bet Stacey will be looking for someone to empty her breasts in the morning. That would be a very nice way to wake up."

"That does sound enticing, but I would rather wake up next to you. I've missed you. Plus, I am sure Jen can handle that if need be." Jeff responded.

Jeff slid off the bed and pulled down the covers and Jill wiggled her naked body underneath them. Jeff then slid back into bed and cuddled his wife while pulling the covers over them. Within minutes they were fast asleep.